BDSM Library - Farm Slaves




Farm Slaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Vacationing couple and friend end up strandled on Ma and Pa Farm.  Their lives will be changed forever.
Farmer in the Dell Fantasy

My wife and, along with her ebony friend Janice, had been planning this vacation
for years.  We had scheduled to rent a cabin in the mountains several states
away and was driving to enjoy the countryside along the way when our car was
starting to overheat.  We had gotten off the main road a long time earlier
thinking we had found a shortcut and hadn't seen a house in miles.  The road was
turning into a gravel road and we was starting to turn around with the car on
hot, when Pat my wife saw the lights of a house upon a nearby hill.  Having no
choice, we continued on our quest with the car starting to boil over.  When we
arrived, we found the house to be a run-down place but lights were in the window
so we pull over and knocked at the door.

An elderly man in his early 50s and a chubby lady about the same opened the
door.  I introduce myself as Bob, my wife Pat, and her friend Janice and the
trouble with the car.  The man said there was nothing that could be done tonight
but we was welcome to have dinner with them and stay overnight.  We were hungry
ourselves and eager to accept his hospitality.

We seated ourselves at the table and ma as the man called her prepared our
plates for us.  Two extra plates were prepared and soon their kids Sam about 20
and Paula about 18 appeared.  The man was in overalls and the women had on
cotton dresses, which reminded us of the older days.  My wife Pat and Janice had
on sexy outfits and couldn't help noticing the kids were staring at their tits
throughout the meal.  I noticed it also but was also aware that ma and Paula
didn't have any bra or panties on which kept my attention focus on them.

The kids were saying vulgar things that I thought was very unruly for kids their
age when I found myself falling asleep at the table.  Soon I started to pass out
as I glanced at my wife and Janice already head down at the table.

We were awaking the next morning by both the farmer and his wife totally nude in
front of us.  We were all tied up.  Both hands to each other, both feet to each
other, and a long cord between the hands and feet.  It was sort of like a
hog-tie but looser and we was lined in a row with no clothes on at all.  We was
all starting to complain while both ma and pa started to whip us with a belt
they had in hand and told us to be quiet.  They said they have been waiting on
some new slave toys to play with for years now and we were going to be it so we
better do as we was told or else.  The kids had arrived with to short items that
looked like a stick.  We were commanded to get on our hands and feet with our
asses up and not to let our knees touch the ground unless they gave us
permission.  A few hits with the belt and we complied with their instructions.

Pa, why don't you go with the kids and watch them play with the girl toys while
I enjoy the boy toy for awhile, ma said. The kids had gotten behind my wife and
Janice as she was talking and pointing our their twinkling little assholes to
each other.

Both ladies started complaining immediately and swearing at ma when I heard both
of them screaming.  The kids had some kind of a low voltage cattle prod and were
putting it on their asses.

You better get your asses moving or the kids will have to put them up your
butts, Pa said.  That was all as needed at the women crawled out the room with
their asses twice as high in the air as their heads.  The kids were laughing and
saying how funny their big asses looked waddling out.

When they had departed, ma turned to me and said she had a belt and cattle prod
and wouldn't hesitate to use them with pleasure if I disobeyed her for a moment. 
I responded that I understood as she sat on a stool nearby.

Crawl around the room, while I play with my pussy watching you.  I immediately
began the crawl routine I had seen my wife and friend do earlier but it was hard
not to put the knees down after a while.  She got up and placed the cattle prod
on my ass a couple of times while I was crawling to remind me it was to stay
high.   After about 20 crawls around the room she commanded me to come to her
and grabbing my hair shoved my face with force into her crotch and eat her.  Her
scent was heavy from all the earlier playing around, but I dared not disobey
because of the earlier events.  She came two or three times and then had me suck
on her tits before turning around and presenting me her large ass in my face. I
knew what was expected and began to service her ass in earnest.  She was in heat
after a while, and turned around and started to masturbate her pussy on my face
till she came again.

My cock was extremely hard and come was leaking on the floor.  She laughed at me
calling me a pig and left only to come back with a small pail. 

Time to milk my cow, she said, as she got behind me and had me return to the
crawl position.  She took my cock and started to stroke it like a cow tit. 
Every once in a while she shove a finger in and out my ass and say don't come
yet, Daisy.  I couldn't stand it any longer and came all in the bucket.  It was
the largest amounts of cum I have had in years and my ass was shaking with the
organism as her finger was still in it.  She was extremely mad and tied a rope
around my neck and dragged me crawling behind her outside the house and to a
cage filled with mud like a dog pen.  I was tied to the edge.  She left me and I
squatted down so I could finally look up for once.  The sight I saw was
unbelievable to me.

My wife was crawling the yard with stripes on her body and barking like a dog
while the boy was behind pissing on her ass.  Janice had faired no better, as
she was tied to a wagon with her ass pointed up and the girl sitting inside it,
hitting her ass with a long switch as she pulled it along.  Ma had joined pa on
a nearby bench and was giving him a blowjob while he shouted encouragement at
the older kids.

After a while, Janice was released.  Pat and her had to lick each other pussy on
the ground while the kids edged them on with switching of their asses.  When
they laid in exhaustion on the ground, the daughter Paula came and got me out of
the mud cage as I crawled behind her to the water hose where she washed me down
and not very gentle either.  The hose was then carried to Janice and my wife as
they fought to get off each other as the hose splashed hard on their bodies.

We were then told to go to ma and pa and squat on our hunches to await more
instructions to which we hastily did.  Pa had come all over ma mouth several
times as they finally turned back to us.  You are now nothing more than toys for
our use, ma said.  It is over 40 miles to the next town and there several other
families close by have slaves like you that are not as gentle as us are.  Your
car has been drove in the creek so it's a long walk if you make it.  You can
agree to be our slaves till we tire of you and let you go or you can take your
chances with the neighbors whom I seen brand their slaves with hot irons.  In
the meantime, entertain us by crawling around the yard some more.  Your asses
are so cute. 

We began our crawling, as the kids would slap our asses occasionally saying
get-a-long doggie, doggie.  We mooed every so often for their pleasure and shook
our buttocks.

Ma released our hands and foot tie ropes so we could stand but our hands and
feet were still tied together.   We was then led to hose where the kids washed
us while we had to assume various positions for their amusements.

Time for the sluts to prepare our meals, ma said, as her and the daughter each
grabbed Pat and Janice by an ass cheek and started leading them in the house. 
The women were wiggling their ass to their new mistresses so they could get a
better quip on them.

The men had me bend over while they shoved a small plastic handle in my ass and
tied a bag to my cock.  They were laughing at sight of my cock and ball, telling
me what they was going to my wimpy ass later and their new sluts.  I was then
told to pick up any trash in yard with my mouth and put it in the bag.  To get
me started, pa took off his belt, had me bend over, and walloped my ass several
times before I started running around the yard.  His son was laughing and sat
down in the chair to supervise while pa went inside.  
 
I must have picked up trash for at least 30 minutes before the kid told me to
come to him.  He untied my bag and had me kneel before him and beg to worship
his ass.  With no escape and the fear of the belt again, I got down on my knees
while he shoved his hairy ass in my face.  Relief finally came, when I heard pa
call out for us to come in to eat.  The kid tied a rope to my cock and balls and
led me back into the house.

The family had already eaten when we arrived and ma and her daughter was having
fun feeding Pat and Janice.  Both my wife and her friend had carrots shoved deep
inside their butts and they were eating food tidbits from a woman breast or
pussy.  Every once in a while they would put something in their ass and have the
women eat it out which they did without hestitation.  The women were laughing,
calling piggy and doggie while they were ate and begged for more.   Ma was
telling them later, they was going to get their asses fucked by real women as
she kicked Pat between the legs and told her to be sure to lick the area clean
after she eats the tidbit.

They had laid a dog bowl on the side and I was told it was for me as I crawled
to it with ass high and started to eat.  While I was eating, they were talking
about playing more games with us later on.  The men were suggesting turning me
into a woman since I didn't have a cock anyway while the daughter was suggesting
things to put in my ass.  They all agreed that a good spanking was in order
after the meal for arriving at their house with a stuck up attitute.

I could tell from the grunts of my wife and friend, there would be no complaints
there as I continued to eat.  Damn, why was my cock getting hard again?

After our trip around the yard, we were all brought back to where Ma and Pa were
sitting with red asses.  Ma suggested it was time to milk the girls so both men
took a seat on the chairs while ma and her daughter grabbed Pat and Janice by a
tit and led them to the men.    Both girls were begging, but ma and her daughter
ignored them and put the men cocks in their mouths.  They gathered two stools
and sat on them on each side of the women.

It's pretty easy, ma said, since ya don't have any milk, we will let the men
feed you some while we milk your tiny tits.  Neither woman could complain with
their mouths stuffed with cock but quickly got the message as Ma and her
daughter grabbed both tits in their hands and started pulling downward in with a
quick motion.  It didn't take long for Pat and Janice heads to start bobbing up
and down on the men cocks.  I could hear their grunting as their tits were
pulled and the men moans.  Finally, Pa came and then the son before their tits
was released from the women hold.  From where I was squatting, their tits were
pretty red and their mouths were covered with cum.

Pa got up from the stool as both men turned around so that their hairy asses
were pointed at the women.    Pa told the women to lick their asses to get them
hard again because they wanted to fuck their pussies.  If they failed to get
them hard, he was going to go get the dog from the kennel and let him fuck them. 
Knowing they had little choice, Pat shoved her face in Pa big hairy ass and
started to lick in earnest while Janice proceeded to lick the son's.  My cock
was hard again from watching the ladies when ma laughed and turned to her
daughter.  I think it's time milk the bull again, she said, pointing at my cock
sticking straight out.

Her daughter and her led me to another lawn chair.  Her daughter sat down and
told me I better lick her pussy good if I wanted to come.  Unlike the women
earlier, I was in need and needed no encouragement as I plowed by face in her
pussy and started licking like it was my first time.  Ma gathered one of the
stools and returned behind me.  Sitting down, she grabbed each of my balls in
her hand and started to pull them like she did earlier with the women.  The pain
was horrible as I thought she was going to pull them off.  I needed release bad
but there was no way with the pulling it was going to come anytime soon.  When
the girl came on my face.  She got up while ma sat in her place.  I started to
plow my face in her big hairy cunt when ma suggested instead I service her ass. 
Lifting her legs on the lawn chair legs, I was presented a close up view of her
large hairy ass.   Hesitating for a moment, I felt her daughter grab my balls
from behind and started to pull them as her mother had done earlier.  I pushed
my tongue in her ass and started licking for about five minutes before I came
all over the ground with my face still planted deep in her butt.  With my butt
going up and down, I continued to lick till ma was satisfied and had gotten
herself off with her hand.

Laughing, ma got up and petted my head as we all turned to watch the action on
the side.  By now, the men were shoving their big cocks up my wife and her
friend's pussies while they were begging for more.  I could tell Pat was in heat
and needed relief the same as I did earlier.  I could see the ladies bodies
shake from their orgasm but the men kept plowing into them till they came.  As
the men withdrew and walked in front, the ladies need no encouragement as they
eagerly opened their mouths and began cleaning the cocks.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





