BDSM Library - Those Rotten Mothers




Those Rotten Mothers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife mother loses a bet and she and her daughter must pay the price.
Those Rotten Mothers I

I was cleaning the dishes after Bill, my husband, had left to go to his late
evening job.  Both his mother and mine were now single and both lived next to
us.  We had asked them both to come over that evening for a dinner.  Things had
gone fairly well throughout the meal and I was drying off the dishes while the
mothers went outside to the lawn chairs to talk.  I glanced out the window every
so often to see if they were still doing okay.  It was the last glance that
surprised me.

Mother was totally naked and bent over Mrs. Drake (Bill mother) lap.  Mrs. Drake
was spanking her ass right in my own backyard.  I was stunned but somehow found
it exciting watching mother get a spanking.  She had always been against
spanking and here she was over my husband mother lap getting hers walloped good. 
I could see the red prints on her butt through the window.  I knew I should go
out and stop it but something deep inside was finding it to be very exciting.

Mother ass was wiggling wildly and her legs were kicking everywhere as I
continued to watch.  My own pussy was getting wet as I reached down and rubbed
by clit in excitement.

Then it stopped.  Mrs. Drake pushed mother off her lap onto the grass below and
got up.  Telling mother something, she then proceeded towards the door with
mother walking behind her.

Quickly, I lowered my dress back down and washed my hands.

Mother, you're naked.  I gasped and tried to act surprise and horrified as they
entered the door.  What happen?

Your mother had lost a bet and its time for her to pay up, Mrs. Drake said,
walking on by towards the front door.  Come on dearly, we have a busy night
ahead.

I watched mother follow her ignoring me while looking straight at the floor to
avoid eye contact.  She followed Mrs. Drake out the front door like a lonely dog
would follow his master.  I just stood frozen not knowing what to say.

After they left, I quickly ran upstairs and jumped in the bed.  The thought of
mother being dominated so easy by Mrs. Drake had my cunt soaking wet and it
needed relief fast.  I came almost immediately.  When I ranged mother's house
later, there was no answer.

I cleaned up a few things and waited till Bill got home that night.  When I told
him what had happen in bed, I quickly noticed his cock rise up.  He was just as
excited as I was.  I quickly gave him a blow job telling him how much it turned
me on too.  I told him, I wanted to be spanked that night which he gladly
obliged putting me over his lap and spanking my ass red till I begged him to
stop.  Afterwards, I got on my knees like his slut and sucked his cock again
till it was hard and then bent over on the floor so he could fuck me doggie
style that night.  It was some of the best sex we have had in over a year now.

Bill left early the next day for work as I tried to call mother again to see
what had happen.  Still no answer.  I then called Bill mother to see if she knew
where she was.

Mrs. Drake explained that mother had spent the night with her and they had
things to do today and would be busy.  When I asked what they were going to do,
she only said tiding up.  She avoided most of my questions and quickly hung up
the phone on me which made me a little mad.

I tried to avoid thinking of what may be happening there for most of the day but
my curiosity was killing me as I got dress finally and decided to go over and
see for myself.  I had to knock on the door for several minutes before Mrs.
Drake answered the door dressed only in her night gown.

I was surprised to see Mrs. Drake standing at the door in only her gown.  She
had a rather large body, although not fat, she was well developed in all areas
with a rather larger than normal butt.  I could see the outline of her figure
through the gown for the first time.

Is mother here, I asked?

She stared at me as I felt goose pimples looking up at her.  Finally, she asked
me in.

Have a seat dear and I'll get her for you, she said as I sat on the sofa in the
living area.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Those Rotten Mothers II

There was something about Mrs. Drake attitude today that was different. 
Normally she was very friendly with me; but today, she felt like a snob.  As she
left the room, I sat there wondering what had changed.  At the same time, I
started thinking about last night how Bill had become my dominate lover and I
was getting excited just sitting there.  I was still fantasying when I heard a
noise.

Mrs. Drake, or Kate, had returned to the room and was standing in front of me. 
I glanced to her side to see mother standing there naked except for an apron
attached to her waist and a collar and leash to her neck.  Her boobs were
pointing out as I knew she must have been in an excited state.  I tried to act
surprised.

Mrs. Drake finally spoke.

Your mother made me a bet, she said.  She bet me you wouldn't stay with my wimp
son as she called him for a year.  Now that you have, she has to be my slave for
the next six months.  Doesn't she look so adorable?

I had to admit, mother had never looked so sexy before or I had never noticed. 
Her eyes met mine glancing over her body as she tried to say something but
stopped short.

Dear, turn around and show your daughter what an ass you are, Mrs. Drake asked.

I watched mother turn around red in the face and bend over exposing her mid size
rear to me.  She had several stripes across her broad butt and I knew she had
been whipped with a switch or something of that nature.

Don't be shy slave; Mrs. Drake continued slapping mother's ass with her palm. 
Show your daughter all your assets.

I watched mother reached back and spread her ass cheeks wide exposing her brown
ass puckered asshole.  I would have laughed had I not been so excited looking at
it.

Your mother have learned the error of her ways, Kate kept going.  She now
understands how fortunate she was to have you marry such a great person as my
son and how lucky you were that he even considered someone of your statue.

Her words burned my face and woke me back to reality.  How dare her say that I
was lucky to have caught someone like Bill?  The bastard was lucky he caught me.

Quickly, I stood up, and told her that.

I felt a hard slap to my face.

Get your butt out of my house till you have learned your manners, she said. 
When Bill teaches you some manners, you may come back and apologized to me with
the proper respect.

My face was flushed as I was so mad I could have killed her.  Turning around, I
quickly stormed out of the door back to my house and almost broke the door
slamming it when I entered.  How dare the bitch.  Spank me.  I threw several
objects across the room before I finally calmed down and sit down.  Turning on
the TV, I finally regained my senses.

On one hand, I was totally disgusted at what she had told me but on the other I
was still stimulated from seeing mother as she was.  I must be sick, I thought. 
Going to the bedroom, I laid on bed and play with my clit till I came again. 
The thoughts just wouldn't go away.

Bill arrived late that night and I had a need for his cock bad.  I told him what
had happen and he shrugged it off teasing to make me his bitch and slave.  At
first, I was unimpressed but then I found myself getting so wet I would do
anything for his cock tonight.  He toyed with me, putting an old dog leash on my
neck making me hump his leg and beg like a dog.  I sucked him on the chair till
he came and then he spanked my butt and fucked me doggie style on the floor.  I
was so hot and horny that I couldn't get enough.  I promised him anything if he
would make me his bitch and fuck my ass that night.  I even agreed to go to his
mother's tomorrow and beg for forgiveness if he would fuck me again.  Needless
to say, I got what I asked for.

I woke late the next day to find Bill was already gone to work.  There was a
note on the table.

Bitch, you will go to my mother and beg her to forgive you for being a whore. 
You will do whatever she asks till it's time for me to come home and then you
will be on the floor as the bitch you are when I walk in the door.

At first, I was furious but then again I had asked for it.  Taking a bath, I
masturbated my pussy and got hornier with the thought before getting dressed and
ready to go apologized.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Those Rotten Mothers III

I quickly put on my shorts and top.  I was excited with the thought of having to
apologize to Bill mother and wondering what was going to happen next.  Grabbing
the nearby slippers, I proceeded over to his mother's house for my day of
humiliation.

I ranged the doorbell several times before the door finally opened and Kate
stood there with a smile on her face.

May I come in, I asked?  I'm here to apologize for my behavior yesterday.

You may apologize to me from outside, she replied smiling.  After you have
removed all your clothing first.

I stood there trying to decide what to do.  Seeing no cars down the road, I
quickly disrobed dropping my blouse and shorts on her front porch and stepping
out of my shoes.

Covering my breasts and cunt with my hands, I apologized to her nicely for my
behavior yesterday.

Hands to the side young lady, she persisted, and then do it again.

I turned red in the face but dropped my hands to the side and repeated it.  I
heard a car pass by in back and tried to ignore it.

That's good for starters, she said.  You can not go around the house and I'll
let you in the back door where servant girls only are allowed in.  Leave your
clothes here.

I couldn't believe it.  She was going to make me run around the house out in
public.  I started to pickup my clothes and run but the thought of Bill
persuaded me to proceed as she requested.  Covering my breasts and cunt again, I
started running around the house as fast as I could hoping no one was outside
who could see me.  She was waiting at the door with her hands on her hips.

I quickly walked passed her to the kitchen area.

Now I see why Bill married you, she laughed.  A nice tight ass with tiny tits as
yours can excite any man.

I turned red at her humiliation but stood there awaiting her next instructions.

Your mother is busy cleaning the bathroom and bedrooms so I guess you will have
to clean the kitchen floor, she said.  There is a bucket and brush under the
cabinet there, so get your butt busy.  I don't have all day to tend to sluts
like ya.

I went to the counter and got the brush and bucket and filled it with cleaning
compound.  My cunt was totally wet and was dripping down my thighs.  I watched
her take a seat at the table with her gown raising up so that I could see her
cunt between her large thighs.

Now get on your hands and knees and scrub slut, she said, or I'll have to come
over there and spank that tight fanny of yours.  Such a cute little ass as yours
could use a good going over.

I dropped to all fours and started rubbing the wet brush over the floor.  I
could feel her eyes scanning my rear from behind but I didn't care at the
moment, I was so excited.    As I worked my way back towards her, I felt her
slap my ass in back.

Hurry up.  I want this floor clean by the time Maid Judy (my mother) gets here. 
She has to do the dishes.

I continued to scrub the floor as she would slap my ass every time I got within
striking distance.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Those Rotten Mothers II

I heard footsteps coming into the kitchen from behind and turn around on my
knees to see mother enter the kitchen area.  She was totally naked except for a
pair of panties tied to her hair and a long bathroom scrub brush sticking out of
her ass in back.  She glanced at me with disgust and walked to Kate.

Mistress, I couldn't get the john totally clean with the brush in my ass.  Can I
use my hands please mistress, she said.

You know the rules and since you didn't do as told you will be punished.  It's a
good time to show your daughter what happens if you disobey me.  Now get to it.

I watched mother get on her knees in front of Kate with the brush sticking way
out in back.  She crawled between Kate large thighs as I saw Kate face light up
in excitement.

Please mistress, I will do better.  Mother said from beneath and then I could
hear her lapping Kate hairy cunt.  Please mistress, this slut will do better.

Her brush was wagging from side to side as her ass was rotating.  I could tell
by the grin on Kate face that she was doing a fairly good job licking her cunt
as my own was dripping in excitement watching.  Kate gasped and I knew she had
come.

Good slut, Kate said.  I will be easy on you this time.  Now get over my lap for
ten this time.  Only because you are a good cunt lapper I am going easy on you.

Mother crawled out from beneath her legs and draped herself immediately over her
lap.

Now where should I put this brush while I spanked your big ass, Kate said.

In my mouth mistress, mother replied as I nearly came at her humiliation.  She
gasped as Kate slowly removed the brush and then opened her mouth so Kate could
put the other end inside.  She bit down to hold it in place.  Kate immediately
began slapping her ass cheeks as her ass slide wildly on her lap.  I noticed
Kate was not applying love taps as the hits could be heard throughout the house. 
Mother face was going from side to side with the brush moving in response.

That should do it slut.  Now go back and clean that toilet with the brush in
your mouth this time.  It better be clean or next time your get twenty no matter
how good you lap my cunt.

Mother crawled off and headed back out the kitchen as I just stood on my knees
still ravishing the moment.

Did I tell you to stop, Kate yelled.  Get your tight ass over my lap now.  Its
time you learn to listen young girl.

I crawled over and then lay across her lap. 

What's this slut, she said reaching down feeling the wetness between my thighs. 
Why I be.  You little slut.  Getting off watching me spank your mother naughty
ass.  You'll get twenty for that young girl.

I barely had time to hear her comments as the first slap came down on my right
ass cheek causing me to yelp in pain.  The next was on the other.  Although it
hurt like hell, I was getting more and more excited moving my thighs trying to
get some fiction on my cunt as the next landed.  She must have noticed as she
spread my legs apart and slapped between my thighs on my cunt as I yelled in
pain.

When you are getting spanked you are not allow to come slut, she laughed and
then slapped my ass three times in succession as I squirmed on her lap in pain.

By the fourteen, I was begging her to stop as the pain was now greater than the
thrill but I got the last six between the globes making me yell louder and beg
faster.

Now get on your knees in front of me and thank me for spanking your spoiled ass,
Kate said.

I immediately got off her lap and got on my knees.  I started to apologize but
notice she lifted the hem of her dress exposing her hairy wet cunt to my view.

Crawl in there and lick slut.  That is how you apologize in my house, she said.

I crawled forward as she pulled her dress over my head.  I could smell her
strong scent after cumming on mother face but I didn't want another spanking as
of yet.  I pushed my tongue out and started lapping her cunt.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





