BDSM Library - The Catch




The Catch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young black woman dominates a white female store owner.
The Catch

Cherry had been on-line for a year meeting female mistresses and slaves.  She
had a longing for years to be a slave to another female, especially a black
lady, but was afraid to commit.  She had a daughter starting college this year
and a mother who lived in town.  She couldn't afford the risk.  At present, she
just enjoyed playing with herself and acting out her fantasies with whichever
mistress she could find on line.  At 41, the younger mistresses were always the
most interesting calling her names and making her do all kinds of sluttish
things which most of which she lied about complying with.  One in particular was
a young black lady who she finally had to quit communicating with because she
was getting too close.

At the store in craft store in town she owned and worked at, things had been
fairly slow lately.  She sat on the stool daydreaming about her fantasies as the
door opened and a young black lady entered dressed in a short leather skirt and
blouse.  She sat back on the stool and admired the lady body as she strode
around looking at various objects in the store.  Several times they made eye
contact only to smile at each other and then the lady would continue to look. 
At one counter, the lady bent over to look at something on the lower shelf and
her skirt rose halfway up her ass exposing her butt to Cherry view.

The lady had no panties on!

Cherry mouth watered at the site of her cunt and ass peeking out from beneath
the dress.  Several times the lady shifted it around to pick up the object and
then return it while Cherry felt the dampness in her pussy watching the view. 
She failed to notice the woman had turn around to look at her in her stoned
glaze.

Did you enjoy the view?

Cherry woke with a start.

Excuse me, she replied.

I said did you enjoy looking my butt?  I could see you in the reflection of the
painting.

I noticed you didn't have any panties on, Cherry replied, trying to maintain her
composure.  That was all.  Can I help you with anything?

No.  I'll just continue looking.

Cherry wanted to fall on her knees and beg the girl to kiss her ass but couldn't
get up the nerve.  She watched her walk around to the back of the store.  At the
back, she bent over again to look at something except this time she helped the
skirt rise farther up her ass exposing her butt hole to Cherry view.  Cherry
reached down and rubbed her pussy through her pants admiring the lady ebony ass. 
She felt her tongue wagging looking at her ass and cunt.

The lady rose up and signaled to Cherry to come over.

Cherry walked over weak in the knees.  She was a good foot and half taller than
the ebony girl with a well-rounded ass of her own with middle size tits.

Can you get that out from below for me, the lady asked?

Cherry eyes locked with the lady for a moment and she couldn't move as she
stared at her beautiful dark eyes.  Regaining her senses, she bent over to find
the object she had pointed to.

She almost had the statue, when she felt a hand from the back grip her cunt from
behind and stroking it.  She wanted to stand up and move away quickly but her
body betrayed her as she maintained her position as the lady toyed with her cunt
in her own store.  She prayed no one would come in.   Imagine a grown woman such
as herself bent over with a young black lady massaging her cunt from behind.

I ask you again.  Did you enjoy the view?

Cherry finally found her voice.

Yes!

Yes what?

Yes, I enjoyed looking at your ass.  I'm sorry; she managed to reply as the
fingers between her legs were driving her crazy in excitement.

Yes mistress, the lady stated pinching her cunt with her forefinger and thumb
from behind.

Yes mistress, Cherry replied.

Drop your pants, came the next command.

Cherry woke with a start.  Someone may come in she stated quickly.  I can't be
seen....

She never finished as the lady slapped her ass with her hand hard.

Drop them now.

Cherry without thinking started unbuttoning the front of her pants.  When
undone, she let them fall to the floor and stayed in position bent over with
only her blouse and panties protected her exposure.

Drop the panties too; the lady said slapping her large ass hard again.

Her cunt was totally wet as she slowly reached back and lowered her panties down
to her knees.  She hated to think what she looked like with her bare ass
sticking up in back to anyone who may come in.

The black lady was rubbing her ass globes in back, goosing them and grasping the
cheeks to spread them out.  Her ass was moving in back helping her as she
favored the feeling of the moment.  Hell with whatever else was going on.  She
heard her tell her that she was going to spank her ass 10 times for peeking and
then felt the first slap as she pushed back for the next.  It felt so good.  The
next was harder as she clenched her ass cheeks for the next.  By the tenth, her
ass felt totally warm in back.  It hurt, but her cunt betrayed her real feelings
as she longed to rub her cunt.

On your knees slave and turn around.

Cherry immediately obeyed dropping to her knees and turning around to face the
young mistress.  The lady had her back to her and slowly raised her skirt so
that her ass was exposed just inches from her face.

Kiss my ass slave.

Cherry pushed her face in the lady ass, kissing her ass cheeks all over and then
working between the cheeks on the inner side and then down to her asshole.  Her
asshole was clean as she started favoring the taste as she kissed it.

Use you tongue and French it.

Cherry started working her tongue in the tight hole.  Slowly it started working
it way in as she used it as a small dildo wetting it first and then inserting it
slightly at first and then deeper with each thrust.  She wanted her tongue all
the way up her ass as she drove to get it deeper.  The lady continued to ground
her ass cheeks on her face as her tongue drove inside her butt.  Finally she
stepped forward almost causing Cherry to fall face down on the floor.

Pull your panties and pants back up slave.  I'm going to take you home with me.

I can't go home with...........

Again, Cherry never got to finish as the lady had slapped her across the face as
it stung in pain.

I said get up and pull your pants up now slave.  Hurry up.

Cherry got up red faced and pulled her panties up and then her pants.  She felt
totally humiliated at being so controlled by the younger girl barely over her
daughter age.  She wanted to ask about her car but was afraid she would get
slapped again as she quickly grabbed her purse and followed the lady like a
puppy would his master.  Quickly locking the door, she saw the lady already in
the car and opened the passenger door to get in.

Did I say you could sit in front?  Get in the back seat slave.

Cherry close the door and opened the back seat getting in as fast as she could
hoping no one saw her and her embarrassment.

The car no sooner pulled out the parking lot than the lady told her to remove
all her clothing and throw them in the front seat.

They were still driving through town as Cherry hesitated till the command was
repeated stronger and started removing her pants and panties.  Each item she
threw in front with her shoes.  She hesitated removing her top as cars were
passing by.

If you don't want to be punished hard tonight, I suggest you get that top off
now.

Cherry unbuttoned her blouse trying to slump back in the seat so no one could
see her as she finally had it off and tossed it up front and then unhooked her
bra and repeated it.  Her hands covered her middle size breast to prevent cars
nearby from seeing them.

Get your hands down slave.  I see I'm going to have to teach you to listen
better.

Cherry removed her hands letting them drop to her sides as she tried to avoid
looking at cars driving by.  They had entered the poorer side of town, which was
mostly black as she became afraid at the thought of what might happen to her. 
They finally pulled up to an apartment building, which was fairly run down. 
Several older kids were playing outside.  She watched in horror as the lady got
out and looked back at her through the car door.

You can either stay out here naked and maybe one of those boys will come fuck
you or you can crawl your white ass out and follow me inside.  Your choice, she
said, slamming the door shut leaving Cherry alone in the car to think about it.

Cherry didn't need that long.

She jumped out the back and tried to catch up with the lady.  She had one hand
around her tits and the other covering her ass between the crack in back hoping
the kids wouldn't see much.  She caught up at the doorway and following the lady
in.  There was a tall stairway leading up as she trailed behind.  Several times
she heard voices but dared not look back.  Down the hall, the lady opened a door
and walked in with Cherry following close behind.

There was very little furniture in the living room area but Cherry did notice a
computer on the table.  The place looked like a three room apartment with a
living area, bedroom and small kitchen area.

On your knees slave.

Cherry dropped down on her knees with hands to her side as the lady went to the
bedroom for a moment leaving her on the floor anticipating what was to come. 
She waited for a few minutes, as the lady returned with several handcuffs in her
hand.  She walked around in back of her and pulling her hands behind cuffed
them.  She then pulled her feet together in back and cuffed her ankles.

That should keep you still, she said looking down at her.  If you haven't
figured it out by now, I am Mistress Dianne who you have been teasing for months
now with promises to obey.  I done my research on you and found out all about
you and your family.  I planned to own you.

Cherry felt a lump in her throat at the words.  This was the mistress who she
had cut off communication with because she was trying to find out to much about
her.  The woman had been very cruel on the Internet.  She feared she might be
that way in real life as she looked up at her with fear in her eyes.

A hand stuck her across the face.

Never look up at your mistress without approval, Dianne said.  Put your face to
the floor.

Cherry quickly lowered her face to the carpet.

She heard the woman walked around for something and then returned behind her as
she wondered what to expect next.  Her worst fear became a reality.

Whack.

Her ass felt on fire.  Something had hit in from behind that hurt like hell as
she tried to turn around to see what it was when the next hit came.  She rose up
and screamed.

Get your face back on the carpet or I'll double it, Dianne said.

Cherry lowered her head as the next hit came.  The pain was bad as she tried to
wiggle forward to avoid the next hit only to have it land again as she screamed
out.

Please, no more. I'll do what you ask.

Whack.

You bet your ass you will.

Whack.

Cherry started squirming on the carpet as the blows kept coming.  Her ass was on
fire and she knew she could run.  Finally she was crying and begging giving up
hope of escape.  The blows finally quit as she laid panting for air.

Diane removed her clothing and let it drop by Cherry side.  She walked over to
the computer table and sat down on a stool with her ass hanging out the back of
it.

Get over here and lick my ass while I email some friends, she called back at
Cherry as she turned and started typing.

Cherry still in tears got up on her knees and crawl over behind Diane.  She
started lapping her ass globes underneath the stool having to keep her head
tilted in back to reach upwards.  She began worshipping her ass all over with
her tongue spending most of the time between her crack up her asshole.  It felt
like hours before Cherry finally pushed her head back from underneath and got
off the stool looking down at her red flushed face.

Do you want my pussy slave; Dianne teased reaching down to her cunt spreading
her lips wide for Cherry view.

Yes mistress, Cherry whispered.

Crawl here and lick it.

Cherry crawled forward but as soon as she tried to lick, Dianne would back away
making her crawl forward again.  She was getting frustrated trying to obtain her
goal of those beautiful cunt just inches from her face.  Dianne just laughed at
her efforts.

Come to the bedroom slut.  Dianne turned and walked away leaving Cherry
frustrated on the floor.  She crawled on her knees to the bedroom where Dianne
was sitting on the edge of the bed.  She had a small ruler in her hand.

Come lick bitch.

Cherry crawled forward finally reaching between her legs and diving in her cunt,
lapping as if it was her first meal.  She felt a sting on her right tit and yap
out in pain in Dianne pussy.

Faster bitch.

She increased her pace enjoying the taste of her cunt.  She had dreamed about it
for years and now she was living her dream. Several more slaps can on her tits
while she licked but she didn't care as she desperately try to get her new
mistress off.  Twice Dianne came on her face as she licked all her juices from
her snatch.

Crawl to the bathroom slut.

Cherry was dripping in her cunt as she crawled to the nearby bathroom not
knowing what to expect other than to please her mistress.

Diane arrived a moment later with a strap on around her waist.

Get your face in the toilet slut.  You been telling me shit for over a month now
of how you been fucking your ass.  We'll going to see.

Please, begged Cherry, I never use anything that big.  She felt Diane grip her
hair forcing her face inches from the toilet water.  Her ass was gripped wide in
back as she felt the cock at the entrance of her ass and then the pressure of
the intruder trying to enter.  Her ass muscles were tight but her sexual scene
earlier had loosened it too much to stop it as it forced it way inside.  Her
asshole was on fire from the pain as it continued to work in. She begged for
mercy as her hair fell in the water and her face plunged in several times.  The
young girl was raping her asshole and there was nothing she could do but yell in
the toilet bowl trying to keep her mouth and nose out of the water.  Finally, it
worked as far as Diane wanted it as she stopped and let her absorb the plug for
several minutes.  The pain started to subside as she got use to the feel and was
starting to enjoy it when it started working slowly out and in.  Despite the
pain, she felt herself getting excited again and started working her ass back
and forth.  She hadn't come all day and the cock in her ass was getting her off. 
She climax shortly dropping her face in the toilet in pleasure.  She moaned in
disappointment as she felt it slipping out her asshole in back.

Diane withdrew the cock and took it off.  Turning on the bathroom water, she
started taking a bath leaving Cherry lying with her head on the toilet bowl.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





