BDSM Library - Whoring my Hos and a Bitch




Whoring my Hos and a Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A black teen boys takes over the life of a white teacher and her husband.
Whoring My Hoes and a Bitch I

It was fairly easy to notice that Mrs. Graham our high school senior teacher was
constantly looking at the black boys crotches in class.  The only problem was
she finally looked at the wrong one.  Mine.

I stayed after the other kids left class that evening to test my theory.  She
didn't notice as I watched her cleaning the blackboards.  Her large hips swayed
with each rub across the board.  Her dress was fairly low cut for a lady in her
mid 40s but her legs were nicely firm.  She turned around and saw me still
sitting at my desk.

Jim.  It's time to go home, she said, ignoring me and then taking a seat at her
desk to go over the day's papers.

I got up and walked around the desk.   Turning around toward her, I unzipped my
pants and pulled my penis out exposing the hard on I had all day of dreaming of
her sucking on my rod.  At first, she turned around and stared at it for a
moment before.  Her face was flushed and for a moment, I thought maybe I had
guessed wrong.

Please put your thing back in your pants young man, she murmured.  I could hear
her breathing hard and knew by the look on her face, she wanted it.  I move
closer to her till it was within a foot.

Listen, you shouldn't be doing such things...

Shut up teach, I commanded.  Get on your knees and suck it before I give it to
one of the school's girls and you miss your chance.

Her face was flushed and I knew she was being torn between her husband and my
cock.  I pressed her harder.

Get on your knees ho and suck it unless you want me to spank your big ass down
the hall.

She slid off her chair on her knees to the floor.  The flush on her face was
replaced by lust as I grabbed the back of her head by her hair and shoved her
face forward.  Her mouth opened as my cock quickly filled inside.  I knew I
didn't need to hold her head any longer as her mouth was slurping and sucking my
cock firmly embedded inside.  She was bobbling up and down on it milking it for
all it was worth as I notice her hand descend down between her legs beneath her
dress.  I quickly pushed her back as she fell back on the floor in surprise.

Put your legs up over your head and pulled your panties up to your ankles, I
demanded looking at her startled face.  I expected some resistance but instead I
watched her lift her legs up over her head and then grabbing the hem of her pink
panties pulled them up her legs to her ankles.  Her large white ass and pussy
was exposed for whatever I desired at that moment.

You have been a naughty ho looking at boy's cocks in class, I looked down on
her.  Raise those legs higher.  I'm going to have to spank that white ass of
yours ho.

Surprisingly, she lifted her legs back almost to her head as I walked over to
the chalkboard and pick up the pointer laying there.  I enjoyed the look of fear
on her face as I walked back and stood over her.  Raising the pointer, I brought
it down hard across both ass cheeks.

Are you my ho? I demanded.

Yes master, she replied gasping for breath.

I brought it down again.

Tell me you're my ho and that you want your pussy fucked, I demanded.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Whoring My Hoes and a Bitch II

Please master, fuck my pussy, she whimpered as the next low descended between
her massive globes striking her neither hole.  Her cunt was glistering from the
wetness and I knew she was craving this.  I brought the pointer down again and
again till I reach the final tenth stoke.  Her ass was crisscross fairly well
and she was crying but maintaining her position.  I was gloating in my power
over the elderly lady.

Bet you want to lick my ass, don't you ho?

Yes master, she replied as I lowered my pants all the way to the floor and
stepped out of them.  I grabbed her panties around her ankles to maintain a
tight grip on them and to keep her legs pinned up high.  Slowly I descended my
butt down on her face till I felt her tongue on my anus.  She was working it
around the bud and up and down my crack.  I reached down with my other hand and
slapped her ass cheek.

Get your tongue in my ass ho, I demanded.

I felt her tongue start working its way inside and then entering the tight hole. 
Once inside she started fucking my asshole with it like she had a little cock in
her mouth.  I was moaning in delight at her tongue work and my cock was stroking
to get into her wet cunt.

I was just about to get up and drive it up her cunt when I looked up to see Mrs.
Jennings, the school secretary, in the doorway.  She was just standing there
with her dress strung up around her waist and her panties down to her knees
stroking her cunt.  She must have been watching me spanking the teach.

At first, I started to panic but the look on her face proved right off the bat
she was as much a slut as the teacher I was sitting on.

What's your problem Ho? I asked.  Get your fucking clothes off and come here
now.  I was gambling that she was to horny to resist. 

I was right.

She quickly peeled her dress over her head and removed her bra and panties. 
Teacher down below was in panic knowing someone else was in the room but not
knowing who.  She was struggling to get free but the weight of my ass on her
face and my grip on her panties had her pinned down below.  I noticed Mrs.
Jennings had a younger body and more developed.  When she came over, I made her
get on her knees in front of me and demanded she put her head between teacher
legs and sucked my cock.  She readily obliged as it was leaking all over the
teacher dress top.  I let her suck on it for a moment and then grabbing her hair
forced her head back under protest to teacher cunt.

Lick the ho's cunt and make it ready for my cock, I demanded.

I had to force her head hard down as she tried to avoid the inevitable but with
little success as her nose was buried inside.  I could hear teacher moan and
knew her tongue must have started working her clit.  Two hoes in one day were
better than I could ever imagine.

I climbed off teacher face expecting to see one of them resisting and trying to
get away but they remained fixed.  Mrs. Jennings was really going at teacher
clit and she was glowing with delight holding her legs up.  I went behind the
secretary and slapped her ass several times demanding she hurry up as she
wiggled her butt hoping to get more.

Grabbing her ass cheek, I demanded the secretary to get up and go sit on my ho
face while I fuck her.  She didn't hesitate for a moment as she quickly got up
and got in the position I had been in earlier.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Whoring My Hoes and a Bitch III

I admired the teacher cunt being so loose for only a second before driving my
cock deep inside.  Revenge was mine, I thought as I started pushing it in and
out her loose hole.  Grabbing Mrs. Jennings head, I forced it back under
teacher's panties to her clit and demanded she lick while I fucked her.

Both women were groaning and moaning from the pleasure I was forcing on them. 
Using them as nothing but common whores.  Finally, I came and withdrew my cock
as Mrs. Jennings cleaned it and then teacher cunt.

Strip my ho and I expect to find both of you on the floor with your butts in the
air and head on the floor, I told them as I grabbed my pants and pulled them
back up.  I had plans for the teacher tonight that didn't include Mrs. Jennings
but she sure was going to be part of it in the future. 

Leaving the whores, I walked down the hall to find Rob, the janitor, who I knew
fairly well.  At first when I told him about my new ho, he didn't believe me and
laughed but when I told him he could have Mrs. Jennings for the night for $50
dollars he realized I was very serious.  He quickly paid me what he had in his
pocket and promised the rest tomorrow.

Be sure to spank her ass and fuck her ass, I told him.  When I get her back, I
expect her to be well trained for the discount I'm giving you.

He followed me down the hall back to the room and almost fell backwards as he
walked in seeing the two huge white asses pointing towards the doorway.

The Hos still hadn't realized that I had brought a guest in as I walked over to
Mrs. Jennings, now Mary Ho, and demanded she put her hands back to which I tied
up quickly behind her back.  Grabbing her hair, I force her head up and demanded
she tell me whose ho she was.  When she said my ho, I turned her around to face
Rob.

Ho, you will serve Rob tonight in anyway he wants.  He had purchase you tonight.

No... master.  Mrs. Jennings was struggling to get free of the hair grip.   He's
the janitor.  She was moving up and down on her knees.

Give me that Ho and I'll teach her some manners, Rob said walking over as I gave
up my grip on her hair to him.  He pulled her to her feet and wagged her over to
the chair still yelling and begging.  Putting her over his lap, he started
swatting her ass a lot harder than I did earlier.

I put my foot down in front of Mrs. Graham.

Do you have any objections to being whored out ho, I demanded or do I need to
teach you some manners to.

No master, she whispered and started kissing my foot. 

I let her worship my foot as Mrs. Graham was now crying and begging Rob to suck
his cock and ass.  She had been easy to break in and I had big plans later for
her.  Rob made her stand up as he got up and grabbing her ass cheek fully in the
palm of his hand and leading her out the room in tears.  Damn, I wanted a piece
of that hot ass but tonight I was going to be busy and I was fifty dollars
richer at present.

Once they left, I demanded Mrs. Graham to get up on her haunches like a dog with
her legs wide apart.  I demanded to know all about her husband who I found out
was a real wimp.  Not surprised, I found out both of them had fantasies about
being dominated by a master or mistress.  She was spilling the beans.  When
pressed on her daughter, I found out she was a slut in college whom her parents
knew was fucking every guy on campus.  The possibilities were getting so great
my pecker was swelling up thinking of it. 

Get up Ho and put your dress on and nothing else, I demanded.  Time to take you
home and make all your fantasies real.  Now get your white ass moving Ho.

I watched her run to get her dress with her ass swaying sideways as it moved.  I
couldn't believe my luck and was thinking about all the money possibilities I
could have in the future.  When she had put the dress on, I threw the rest of
her stuff in the desk drawer.

Grabbing her ass cheek as I had seen Rob do earlier, I led her down the hall and
outside the building to her car.  She then proceeded to drive me to her place
which was less than a mile away.  I followed her inside knowing her husband and
daughter must be home by this time.  Gathering my nerve, I knew I had to make it
good from the start if I was to carry my plans out.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Whoring my hoes and a bitch IV

As we entered the house, I saw Mrs. Graham (now Cathy Ho) husband sitting in the
living room watching TV and drinking a beer.  He didn't even turn around till we
were almost next to him.

Hun, get me another beer, this one is empty, he yelled from his chair.

My Ho only gets me beer, I called out to him.

Mrs. Graham husband Bill turned around sideways in the chair and saw us for the
first time.  My hand was underneath his wife dress with a finger shoved up her
butt.  The look on his face was total surprise and confusion.

Get your ass out of my seat you white bitch, I yelled at him.  And get those
clothes off now before I have to come over there and shoved your face up your
butt.  I slapped Cathy Ho ass.  Strip Ho, I continued.

Bill just stared for a moment in confusion with indecision so I quickly made my
move before he could regain his senses.   I grabbed his nuts through his jogging
pants before he even could raise his hand and squeeze as hard as I could.  He
yelled out in pain.

You heard me bitch.  Strip.  I commanded again.

The look of fear and pain was all over his face, as he quickly kicked his shoes
off and yanked his shirt off.  My grip on his balls must have been terrible but
I knew I had to get the point across fast. 

Are you going to obey now bitch or do you want me to pull this off, I squeezed
harder.

Yes, yes master, he squealed to my delight.

I released his balls telling him to continue if he didn't want more.  I could
hardly believe I was dominating a man twice my age so easily.  That grip on his
balls must have scared the shit out of him.  Finally, he was naked standing
there.  I slapped his face.

I going to fuck my new ho in her ass, I told him, grabbing Cathy Ho by the arm. 
Bend over the chair ho.  While I'm busy, you're going to shove that beer bottle
up your ass till I tell you to quit.  I told him.

Cathy Ho was already over the chair back as I lowered my pants.  My cock was
rock hard and Bitch Bill stared at its size compared to his smaller pecker.  I
smiled at him as I stroked it a couple of times and then slowly slid it up her
asshole which was totally loose and vulnerable from watching the action.  Bill
cock was sticking straight out watching me fucked his wife virgin asshole that
he forgot what I had told him.

You better get that bottle up your faggot ass if you know what's good for you, I
quickly reminded him.

I kept pumping my cock up Cathy Ho tight ass as I watched him grab the bottle
and start working it up his asshole while I continued.  His face was distorted
at first as the bottle entered his butt hole but then I saw him slowly relaxed
and moving it in and out.  He looked like such an asshole shoving the beer
bottle up his ass watching me dominate his slut wife.  Both of them were getting
the fucking they desired.

Faster I told him and at the same time started ramming my farther and faster up
his wife ass.   His face was staining but in ecstasy at the same time.  I knew
his ass was mine now and I knew a few mamas gals who would pay dearly to have a
white bitch at their mercy.  I came in Cathy HO ass and demanded she get on her
knees and clean my cock.  She quickly got done and started sucking my member.

I heard a gasp of surprise from the stairway and turned to see their daughter
(now Lucy Ho) standing there watching.  She was a freshman at a nearby college
Mrs. Graham had told me earlier.  Bitch Bill turned red in surprise as I laughed
at him trying to wiggle his bottle plugged ass around the back of the chair to
hide.  Cathy Ho continued as if nothing had happened.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Whoring my hoes and a bitch V

As I looked up at the girl, I noticed her hand was underneath her dress.  Her
mother had said she was laying every boy in school and I thought like mother,
like daughter.

Get your butt down here now, I yelled up to her.  I'm the new master in this
house and if you don't want to get your butt kicked out of this house on the
street, I suggest you better learn to obey like my bitch and ho here.  To show
my sincerity, I pulled Cathy Ho face from my cock and demanded she crawled
behind and lick my ass in respect.

Her daughter (Lisa Ho now) immediately walked down in awe as her mother crawled
behind me and started running her tongue up and down my ass crack.  She stared
at my cock like it was the largest she had ever seen as she came beside me. 

Strip Ho and suck my cock, I demanded.

She quickly removed her clothing without hesitation and dropped to her knees
taking my cock in her mouth.

Come here bitch, I yelled at Bill.

Bill red faced came out from behind the chair still holding the beer bottle up
his asshole. 

Stand beside my new Ho so she can finish fucking your worthless ass, I told him
and then had him positioned so that his butt was facing his daughter who was
sucking my cock.  I demanded she take the bottle while she continued and start
ramming it in and out his ass.  She didn't hesitate, sucking my cock and shoving
the bottle up my bitch at the same time.  She was definitely a prize, I thought.

The tongue in my rear was now in and out my asshole as I felt a quick cum
coming.  It didn't take long to fill Linda Ho mouth.  Bitch Bill cock juice was
trailing down his cock onto the floor and I knew it wouldn't be long before he
came so I made Linda Ho quit and pull the bottle out of his ass.

Squeeze his nuts till he cleans the bottle, I told Linda Ho.

She quickly crawled to his front as Bitch Bill took the bottle from her.  He
jerked in pain as she grabbed his balls and quickly shoved the bottle in his
mouth.  The little bitch was really cruel I thought.  I'll have to train her
personally.

Taking a seat on the chair nearby, I had both Ho and my bitch get on their hands
and knees in front of me.  I told them their new commands by the snap of my
fingers.  One snap, they would flop on their backs, lift their legs high and
wide and paw this hands up for a fucking.  Two snaps and it was head to carpet,
ass high for whichever hole I wanted to stuff.  Three snaps and they had better
be on their knees with their mouths open for my cock.

I made them practice for a few minutes enjoying humiliating them.  Near the end,
I was snapping so fast that they were flopping all over the floor trying to keep
up.  Several times I got up and would shove my cock in one or the other face or
ass to shove them what the position was for.  Even bitch Bill was begging for a
fucking by the time they had learned their place at my feet.  Tomorrow I would
start whoring them out but tonight was my night for enjoyment.

I turned on the TV to relax while commanded each of them to do some chore like
prepare me a sandwich, suck my toes or balls, and bring me a beer.  It was so
fun to see their lily white butts wagging to please my every command.  Several
times, I got my belt and slapped their butts for not moving fast enough.   Bitch
Bill and Linda Ho didn't really enjoy it much and hastened to avoid another swat
but Cathy Ho seemed to find new ways to get a good whipping and I thought she
was enjoying it too much.

It was much too late to stay up any longer as I walked them all upstairs to the
bedroom.  I tied Bitch Bill to the bed legs to sleep and then made the Hoes get
in bed with me and lay backwards so I could use their faces all night if I
wanted.

Of course, I had several blow jobs and ass rimming throughout the night.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





