BDSM Library - Surprise Honey, The Mistress is Here




Surprise Honey, The Mistress is Here
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife and husband dreams of becoming slaves to a black mistress. Their dream comes true.
Surprise Honey, Mistress Is Here

Imagine your surprise to come home and find your wife on her knees with her big
bumpy ass sticking back and her face buried in a younger black lady cunt. 
Lapping it and wiggling her striped ass in pleasure.

We have talked about having a black mistress for years and had corresponded with
several but I never believed she would go along with it.  The woman was
beautiful in her mid 20s with large thighs and medium breasts.  Lot better
conditioning than my wife's small tits and large hairy and bumpy ass.  We are in
our mid 40s and a bit closer to 50.

What are you doing there, boy?  Drop those pants and let see if you have a cock
down there.

I immediately dropped my pants letting them drop to the floor.  My cock sprang
straight out as I reached up and undid my shirt.

Turn around and remove your shoes and socks, she said.  Show me that white ass
of yours.

I turn around and bent over untying my shoes and then lifting a leg at a time
pulled off my socks and then removing my pants from my ankles.  I thought I
would cream the floor knowing the view she had of my ass from behind.

Come here boy.  Put your face in your wife's big butt and lick.  Show her you're
glad to be home.

I dropped to my knees and hands and crawled forward to my wife big ass.  I could
see it was red all over from a spanking she must have gotten earlier.  Her brown
hole was just in front of my face as I buried my nose between her cheeks and
started tonguing her asshole.

Don't look at me white boy unless I give you permission.

As I tongued my wife ass, I could feel liquid drooling down my chin and knew she
was close to cumming.  I could hear her lapping mistress cunt from above and her
ass was rocking back and forth on my face.

Mistress demanded we stop.

She made me get on my back on the floor and lift my legs high in the air.  I
watched her get up and straddle my head presenting me a splendid view of her
beautiful ass slowly lowering down on it.  Finally, it was in reach as I stuck
out my tongue and started rimming her butt hole.

Crawl here slut and lick boy's ass.  I want his cock to stay hard.

I continued my licking as I felt my wife breath on my ass cheek and then her
tongue at the entrance to my ass.  She started working it in and out my asshole. 
Something she never would have done in the past.  My cock was dripping down my
waist as I worked feverously to please my new mistress ass.  Finally, she got
off.

Get your dildo and bring it to me slut, she demanded.

I watched the wife crawl out the room while mistress toyed with my cock with her
foot.  When she returned, she made the wife get on her back and put the end of
the dildo in her mouth.  She straddled her face like she had did mine earlier
and slowly lowered her cunt on the fake cock working it all the way in her
beautiful and wet cunt.  Her ass was firmly seated on my wife face with her nose
buried in her asshole.  I was commanded to crawl over and finger fuck my wife
ass while mistress rode her face.  Finally, she came on her chin as she slowly
got up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Surprise Honey, Mistress Is Here II

Boy come here and sit on your wife face.  She is going to face fuck your ass.

I got up and straddle the wife face and lowered my ass down on it.  I wasn't
firmly seated when I felt the dildo at my asshole entrance and knew she was
trying to push it in.  Slowly I worked down slowly on it till it was firmly
buried in my asshole and felt her working it in and out slowly.

Mistress had returned with a strap-on dildo much bigger than my cock.

Lick her legs boy.  It's time she had a real fucking.

She lifted her legs till I reached them and pulled them up to my shoulders.  I
watched mistress insert the dildo in her cunt shoving it in with little
difficulty.  She pulled my head so I could lick her tits while she fucked her
cunt.  My wife was moaning from below and shoving the cock in and out my asshole
faster.  I knew she was close to cumming before her body started vibrating all
over the floor.  I shot my load all over her tits without even thinking I was
close to cumming.

Get off boy; mistress commanded slowly removing the cock from the wife cunt.

She reached down and removed the dildo from the wife's mouth and brought it over
to where I was standing.

She pointed the dirty dildo at my mouth.

Open up and hold this boy, she said.

I opened my mouth as she pushed the dirty cock deep inside.

Now turn around and bend over, she commanded.

I turned around and bent over presenting her an excellent target in my ass as I
felt her at the entrance to my asshole and then being shoved in.  My ass muscles
clenched in desperation, as the object was so big butt it was totally wet from
the wife cunt and worked in despite my efforts to stop it.

I'm going to rim this wife ass of yours good.  You'll won't be able to sit for a
week, she said from behind as I clenched my teeth hard on the dildo in front in
pain.  She showed little mercy pushing it in and out till I thought my asshole
was going to be split in half.  I was totally relieved when she slowly withdrew
it from my sore and abused asshole.

On your hands and knees boy, she commanded.  Slut crawl here and get his cock
hard again.

She went to my pants on the floor and got my belt from them.  My wife had
crawled over and had engulfed my limp cock in her mouth trying to get it hard. 
I watched mistress bring the belt down hard on her big ass cheeks commanding she
hurry up.  Then she stepped behind me and did the same.  By the time my cock was
pointed straight out again, our asses were striped from the brutal belting she
had delivered to each.

That's much better, mistress exclaimed to both of our relief.  There's nothing I
enjoy seeing better than a white ass well beatened.  Now lick my toes you
worthless worms, she commanded removing the cock from my mouth.  I want to feel
those tongues between my toes.  On your bellies worms.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Surprise Honey, Mistress is Here III

That's it worms lick your mistress toes.

Both my wife and I laid flat on our bellies tonguing her beautiful toes.  We
made sure to clean in between the toes and around her heels.

Come worms.  Mistress has to pee.  Boy get behind slut and keep your face in her
ass while she crawls.

I got behind the wife and crawl trying to maintain my face in her ass as she
hurried crawling after mistress to the bathroom.

Slut clean my toilet top with your mouth so I can take a piss.

My wife immediately crawled to the toilet and started tonguing the lid while I
maintained my postion behind her.  She made sure she licked the whole seat
before telling her to move away while she sat down on the seat.  I heard her
pissing in the john and hoped she would let me clean her clit afterwards.

Boy, come here and clean my pussy.

I crawled out from behind the wife and immediately put my head between her large
thighs licking her royal clit.  I clean it as best I could till she pushed me
back.

Worthless worm.  Can't clean a woman pussy properly.  I have to punish your
worthless butt.  She flushed the toilet.

Put your head in the bowl boy.

I crawl forward and put my head in the toilet bowl as she lowered the lid on top
my head to keep it still.

Hold the lid slut.  Be sure he doesn't move.

I lay for a few minutes till I felt a sharp pain on my right ass cheek.  I
moaned in the toilet as the next and then another felt on my poor ass.  Soon the
pain was more than I could bear as I screamed and begged my mistress for mercy
as the blows kept descending.  Finally she quit.

Next time lick my cunt slow when I tell you to clean it unless you want more on
your worthless ass.  Now prepare me a bath while I use slut in the bedroom for a
moment.  Don't disturb me.  You better be on your knees prepared to wash me when
I return.

I prepared my mistress bath using my wife favorite bubble bath and gels.  I lit
candles to make the room smell better and prepared her towel and soap.  I waited
for almost an hour keeping the bath at the right temperature before she entered
and got in the tub.  She laid back and closed her eyes as I started rubbing her
beautiful body with soap making sure to clean her properly.  My wife crawled in
as I was drying her with a look of fear on her face.

Your butt is mine, Mistress told her.  Rinse in the tub worm and report in the
living room for your punishment.

I didn't know what had happened but knew mistress was disappointed in her.  I
continued to dry her off as she told me to crawl in the living room pasting my
wife-concerned face as I went.   I knew her butt was in for it as I passed.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Surprise Honey, Mistress is Here IV

In the living area, Mistress made me get on my knees and sat while she got her
dildo and waited for the wife arrival.  My wife slowly crawled in.

Stand up worm.  You going to pay dearly for calling me bitch.

My wife slowly got to her feet.  Mistress gave her the dildo and grabbed a small
ruler.

Bend over and keep your legs far apart worm.  You are going to shove that cock
up your ass while I slap your worthless tits with this ruler.  Each time that
cock goes up your worthless ass I want to hear you tell me you're nothing but a
worthless asshole and fuck you again.  Do you understand?

My wife nodded her head as I saw her face in panic for the first time.

Shove it up your ass bitch.

My wife immediately put the dildo in her butt as the ruler struck her right tit.

Owlllll.  I a worthless asshole.  Please fuck me again.

The dildo went back in and she yelled from another hit on her left tit.

Mistress made her do it for twenty times till she was crying like a baby and
shaking uncontrollable while trying to maintain her position.  Mistress finally
put the ruler to the side.

Are you ever going to disobey me or call me another name, Mistress asked her
lifting her crying face by the chin?

No mistress, please no more.  I'm a worthless asshole good for nothing but
licking your ass.

Good slut.  Get on your knees and clean my ass.

My wife dropped the cock and got down on her knees crawling behind her.  I could
hear her slurping sounds and knew she was going to please mistress from now on. 
She wasn't going to get no trouble from me after what I had just witnessed.  My
cock was rock hard waiting the wife total humiliation.

Boy turn the TV on to channel 13.  My favorite show is on.  Prepare me a soda.

I ran to obey.  Turning on the channel, I ran to the kitchen to prepare her a
drink and returned.  She was already seated on the chair using my wife ass as
her footstool.  She made me crawl to the side of the chair and use my back to
hold her cold drink as she watched her favorite show.  Neither of us dared moved
as my back area was ice cold from the drink sitting on top.  It was such a
relief when she picked it up to have a drink and return it to a different spot
to relief my problem.

When it was over, I heard her command my wife to spread her ass and tell her who
she was.  I heard my wife replied back that she was nothing but an asshole.  I
heard her moan and knew from no noise that mistress must have pushed her toe up
her butt.

Thank me worm for toe fucking your worthless ass, mistress commanded.

Thank you mistress for toe fucking my worthless ass I heard my wife from the
side.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Surprise Honey, Mistress is Here V

I heard a thump on the floor nearby and knew mistress had pushed my wife on her
belly.  Worthless cunt I heard her say.

Mistress got up and walked to our bedroom and returned with two collars, which
she made us stand and put around our necks.  She then cuffed our hands between
our backs.  We stood still as she went back to the room and returned in a black
leather outfit with ring hooks around the waist.  She attached a small leash of
about 6 inches to our collars and hooked them to her waist.

Time to take a walk worms, she said dragging up by the collars nude to the door. 
When we realized she was serious, we both pleaded with her knowing we had a
single neighbor lady who lived only a block away on our almost deserted road.

Good, she said, maybe she'll be more impressed with you worms than I am.  Did
you think I was going to only dominate you in your nice little house so you can
play with yourselves in private?  Get your asses moving or I'll stop and get a
switch and paddle your butts right in front of her house.

We couldn't do nothing except followed to her sides with our heads waist high
and butt sticking out in back.  We must have made a splendid site as she carried
us down the road towards the neighbor house.  As we passed, she paused several
times and then proceeded on to our relief.   A short relief; however, as we
headed back, she not only paused but made us turn around with our tails sticking
out towards her house for several minutes with both of us pleading desperately
before returning.  We was totally embarrassed and hoped the lady wasn't home
that day.

When we finally got back, mistress unhooked our leashes and demanded we prepare
her a meal.  While she ate, we had to sit on ours.  Seasoning it properly for a
slave she said.  When the dishes were cleaned, we returned to the living room
where she was seated watching TV.  We were almost there when a knock sounded on
the door.

Get the door slut, Mistress demanded to my wife and pointed to her feet at me. 
I immediately got down worshipping her toes as the wife answer the door.  I
could hear the door only opened partially; sure the wife didn't want anyone to
see much of her.

Mrs. Jenkins.  What are you doing here, I heard the wife from below.

I can over to see my neighbors, I heard Mrs. Jenkins voice reply.  It's been a
long time.  She was in her early 40s, single, and fairly attractive, I thought.

I'm sorry.  We're very busy.  Can you come back later, my wife replied.

Slut let the lady in.  It's time she met her real neighbors.

My cock sprung out full length at my Mistress voice and heard the door opening.
Mrs. Jenkins were laughing as she walked in.  I didn't know if it was me or the
wife she was laughing at.

Come in and have a seat, Mistress told her.  I was just thinking it was time to
play with my new toys.  Do you like them?

Mrs. Jenkins were still laughing.  I would love to, she replied.  I always knew
there was something strange about these two.  Looks to me like his cock is
dripping on the floor.

I pushed my thighs together trying to hide my swollen cock underneath still
tonguing mistress feet.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





