BDSM Library - Mom's the Boss




Mom's the Boss
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young couple mothers get into a fight with the winner dominating the other and then controlling the couple new life.  A lucky guy in the end.
Mom The Boss Fantasy I

Both the wife and me knew the inevitable was going to happen.  The mother in
laws had been fighting for weeks now every time they saw each other.  The
arguments were getting worse and worse so one day in joking I suggested that
they undressed and fight it out.  The loser could be the other's slave for a
month.  Both mothers looked at me like I was crazy and told me to shut up.   To
my surprise, my wife told them either do it or leave.  She was tired of it. 
When mom (Doris) agreed, I was in shock as my wife but more shock when Denise
mother (Jane) agreed also in return to the challenge.  Both women also agreed
that it would be a no bar contest where anything goes to both our surprise. 
They also agreed to fight in underwear only in the living room and started
towards it taunting each other as to what they were going to do afterwards.  I
told the wife, I had to see this and she said she had to also.

In the living room, both the wife and I sat on the sofa and watched both women
undressed.  Mom had big boobs but Jane's were just as big.  Their large asses in
white panties had my cock rock hard at the sight.  I couldn't wait for it to
start.  I didn't have to wait long as mom grabbed Jane by the hair and pulling
it down began to slap her face as hard as she could.  Jane was trying to ward
off the slaps and reached down and gripped mother by the pussy hair causing her
to scream out in pain.  She increase her slaps till Jane let go and then kicked
as hard as she could between her legs sending her backwards on the floor on her
butt.

Mom wasted no time slamming her knee in her pussy and landing on her pulled her
bra off.  Jane had little chance with mother weight on her as she tried to reach
her cunt as mother started slapping her tits as hard as she could.  Jane reached
up and tried to slap mom face but mom drove her knee hard in her cunt again
causing her to scream in pain.  Mom then grabbed her tits with each had and
pulled them upwards as hard as she could.  Jane was crying as she let go and
grabbed them again and pulled up.

Give up slut, mom yelled down.

Jane was crying hard but failed to reply as mom let go her boobs and grabbed
them again, this time it looked to me that she was going to pull them off.  She
planted another kick in her groin as Jane yelled out she gives.

Remember the bet slut, you are my bitch now.  Aren't you?

Jane crying agreed trying to get her to let go of her red swollen boobs.  My
cock was sticking straight up so I lowered the slipper and pulled it out and
started to play with it.  It was too much of a sight for me.  Denise was just
sitting there in shock watching.

Mom slapped Jane on the face hard.  Get on your knees slut and turned around so
my son can see what an asshole you really are.  Grabbing her hair, she forced
her on her hands and knees and then pushed her head to the floor. She reached in
back and pulled her panties to her ankles exposing her asshole to me as I pumped
my cock harder at the sight.  I noticed Denise at my side had her hand now under
her dress and I could figure out what she was doing.

Time to spank that fat ass of yours slut said mom as she started whacking Jane
Hugh ass hard.  Jane was still crying and wiggling her ass as the slaps
continued.  She was begging mom to quit but mother humiliated her more by making
her call her mistress and kept slapping till she did.  Mother then demanded that
she tell me how many times her whore ass had been fucked in the past.

I was going wild as she screamed out 3 times and pleading with mother.  Mother
was telling her that she was going to fuck it later after she licked her ass and
pulling her cunt hair hard, Jane was agreeing to anything.  Mom looked at me
with joy in her eyes and then at Denise who I saw had her dress now up to her
waist and stroking her cunt in rapid motions.  To my surprise, she looked at
Denise.

Cunt, get that hand out of your pussy and tend to Bob needs or I whip your ass
like your mother.  I'm going to teach my son how to treat a slut like you and
you mom here.

She reached back of Jane and shoved her finger deep in Jane asshole to make her
point as Denise jumped up and got on her knees in front of me and started
sucking my cock.  I was in heaven as she was deep throating it, which she rarely
did before.  Watching mother putting another finger in Jane ass was driving me
wild with desire as I came in Denise mouth and glowing with my new power
demanded she get nude like her mother or I slapped her ass raw.  I saw mother
agreed with my stand as Denise started removing all her clothes immediately and
put her face back in my crotch licking my balls.

Mom had removed her fingers from Jane ass and turned her over.   Time to stuff
that fat lip of yours slut she said as she climbed on top of her and pinned her
hands with her knees.  Lowering her panties, she proceeded to sit on her face. 
Jane was licking so she reached back and pinched her red tit till I could hear
the slurping sounds from underneath.   Between the ball licking and mom licking
I was getting excited again and told Denise to get her tight ass over my lap for
a spanking she longed desired.  I was surprised at how fast she obeyed and I
position her ass just right and started laying my hand hard on it.  All the
things I bottle up for years came back and I slapped it.  She was starting to
cry as her mother as I continued telling her she was now my slut like her mother
and she was going to be my slave and mothers.  She was pleading not to let
mother have her as I continued slapping till she was agreeing.

Mom was in all her glory, getting up she turned around before Jane could catch
her breath and sat her ass on her face telling her to get busy while she watched
us on the couch.  She asked me if I had ever fucked Denise in the ass and when I
told her no she said that would change.  She suggested I test her ass and told
me to shove a finger deep in her butt which I did as she moaned from below.  I
was shoving in and out amazed at how loose she was.

See, son.  Like mother, like daughter.  Both are sluts.  Lick harder bitch, she
said slapping Jane tits again.  I could hear Jane slurping again underneath her
as I demanded Denise get up and go to mom and lick her tits at the same time. 
Denise crawled over in red in the face as mom smiled at her and grabbing her
hair guided her head to her boobs.  Mom warned her that if she didn't do a good
job she would let her trade places with her mom.  She got her point across
immediately with several pinches to my wife small tits as I watched her sucking
her hugh breasts in her mouth trying to swallow them.  Mom let her sucked on
them for awhile before pushing her head down to her cunt as Denise was screaming
to me for help.  Instead, I got up and went behind her and started slapping her
ass as I could hear her crying from mother cunt and then slurping sounds as
mother grinned at me.

See that wasn't bad was it said mom and slapped her ass with her hand.  Lick
sluts.  Bob getting horny again and will need attention soon.

Mom was in all her glory seating on top of Jane face having her ass licked while
my wife Denise was tongue her clit.  She reached up and grabbed by cock lightly
stroking it as she came.

See it's not that hard to train natural sluts, she said getting up and putting
her foot over Jane's face made her lick the bottom of her foot.  Get up cunt she
told my wife and then demanded Jane turn over on her knees and reached back to
spread her ass.  Mother looked at the desire in my eyes.

Slut tell your master to put his lovely cock up your nasty asshole.

I was not shocked when Jane asked me to fuck her ass and watched as mother
grabbed Denise ass cheek in her hand.

Have fun fucking her ass she told me.  I'm going to take this naughty wife of
yours in the bedroom and show her how to respect her elders.

Cupping Denise ass hard, she led her towards the room as I watched and then
turned back to look at the large ass bared before me just waiting.  This had
always been taboo by my wife and I wasn't going to waste the moment as I got
down behind Jane and position my cock at the entrance to her asshole.  I started
slowly working it in as she kept shifting position so it could slide in with
less pain while maintaining it in a spread position.  Once I had it all the way
in my cock felt like it was going to burst from the tight fit and the delightful
feeling.  I started working it slowly back out halfway and then pushed in.  The
feeling of power was great as I started increasing the pace watching as it would
disappear in her ass and return.  When I got tired, I made her shove her ass
back on it and rock while I watched with gleam.  My marriage would never be the
same again but it sure felt great as I came in her ass.

I wasn't going to let mom have all the fun, as I demanded she turn around and
clean my cock.  I held her head as she bobbed up and down cleaning it.  When I
thought she had done a good job, I went to the couch and sat down and demanded
she crawl around the room and bark like a bitch while I watched and enjoyed the
humiliation.  Finally my curiously got the better of me and I told her to follow
me to the bedroom so I could see what was going on there.

When I opened the door, I was excited at the sight.  Mother was bare on her
stomach on the bed while Denise was half off the end of it with her face planted
in mother ass licking her asshole.  Denise ass was bright red and a pair of her
favorite flimsy panties was sticking out her asshole.  I watched till mother saw
me.

Do you want to join, she asked.

No, I said. I have to pee and just stop by to see how things are going.

Take bitch with you and pee in her mouth, mother said.  Bitch crawl to the
bathroom and prepare yourself for my son to pee in your mouth.

I watched surprised as Jane started crawling towards the bathroom and noticed
Denise look up momentarily and then resumed her licking of mother ass.  I didn't
really know if I could do it or not but I was excited at the thought and went to
the bathroom.

Jane was on her knees by the toilet with her mouth open as my cock got excited
looking at her.  I walked over and put my cock in her mouth as she held it open. 
I strained for several minutes as she tried to help with rubbing my balls till I
started.  She was swallowing as fast as she could as I would stop every so often
so she could catch her breathe.  It felt great to be in so much control as I
finished as she started sucking my cock cleaning it off.  I turned around to see
mother standing there gripping one of Denise tits in her hand watching and
smiling.

Time to show you how a woman pee, she said and slapped Denise ass demanding she
lay in the bathtub.

Denise didn't look up and slowly got in the tub trying to avoid any eye contact
as mother got in and straddle her head before lowering herself inches above her
mouth.

Kiss it slut.  She demanded as I watched Denise kiss her cunt as mother started
peeing in her mouth.  Mother did not hesitate however and Denise was having
trouble swallowing it all as some was spilling out the side.  When mother was
done, she sat on her mouth and demanded she clean her as I watched Denise swipe
her pussy clean.  Mother then got up and asked Denise if she wanted to play with
her fuck pussy which Denise started begging to play with.  Mother laughed.

She is such a slut like her mom.  Jane come get in the tub and stand over your
slutty daughter while she plays with her pussy.  I want to watch you piss on her
while she masturbates.  You better get done before she comes or I will spank the
hide off that fat ass of yours.

I laughed as Denise was rubbing her pussy quickly as her mother stood over her
face in the tub.  Her mother either was having trouble peeing or just couldn't
do it till mother started slapping her ass hard.  She finally let loose as she
started peeing all over Denise face and tits as Denise came from the rubbing and
water splashing on her.

Son, go rest on the couch for a minute.  I'll bring your sluts out for some more
fun in a little bit.  Right now, they have to clean up and I plan something
special with them.

I didn't hesitate.  It didn't matter what she did now, I knew I was going to
enjoy it as I went to the living room and turned on a TV show to watch till they
return.  It must have been an hour before mother came back with both Jane and
Denise behind her.  She made both of them come before me and show me their
pussies, which was shaved of all hair.    I glowed with desire looking at their
naked clits.

Can't have smelly pussies for sluts, said mother who had two cups in her hand. 
Going to put their pussy hairs on my mantle in the future so I can show it to
anyone I want.  She put the cups to the side and demanded that they turn around
and spread their asses in front of me. 

Save the best part for you, she said handling me a pair of tweezers.  Puck those
feathers out of their asses for me and don't be gentle.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

I started with Denise gripping each hair with the tweezers and pulling them out
while she yelped with each pull.  Mother came back with an ice tray and sat down
beside me as I finished pulling all her hairs.

Let me help the pain, she laughed and getting a small ice cube started shoving
it in Denise asshole while I started on Jane larger and more hairy ass.  Mother
had three cubes up Denise asshole as she was doing all she could to try to stay
still for mother.

There said mom that should make it better.  Push those ass cheeks of yours
together to hold them in and walk around till they melt, she said slapping her
ass.

I just finished Jane ass and started laughing at the sight of Denise trying to
hold her ass cheeks tightly together and waddling around the room in agony of
the cold cubes in her ass.  Mother had already gotten another and was doing the
same to Jane now as I watched it slowly disappear in her asshole and another
being pushed up in its place.  My cock was rock hard again for the third time
and I knew I probably wouldn't be able to walk again as I watched Jane proceed
to do the same as Denise was.

Mother was divorced for years and Jane husband had died yours earlier so I
didn't say anything when mother said she was going to stay over for a few days
to help me train the sluts.  I was going to ask her anyway.

Denise cubes had finally melted as she was walking with a relaxed look on her
face finally.  Her mother face was total agony as she was doing everything she
could to get the cubes to melt faster.

Mother got up from the couch and walked over to stand in front of Denise. 
Pinching her tit, she told her to get on her knees and lick her feet like the
bitch dog she was.  Denise obeyed without question knowing what she was capable
of doing.  When Jane finally started to relax, mother called her over and told
her to put her face in her slut daughter ass and keep it there.  She asked me if
I enjoyed fucking her big ass, which I replied I did and wanted to do it on a
regular basic.

She laughed and told me she was going to enjoy it next but that pussy wife of
mine had a fine ass that needed a cock in it too.  I agreed with her and watched
the domination of both of them as I stroke my cock to get it ready for Denise
tight ass next.

Being a master is really hard work, I thought.

Mom finally tired of her foot tonguing and told both ladies to get up and lend
over in front of her.  She then grabbed each by the nose and pinched it close so
they had to breathe through their mouths.  Time to set the rules she said as she
started telling them what she expected of them as slaves and had each reply yes
mistress on each one.  I watched in excitement as their asses wiggled in back
and their rapid yes mams to her demands.  Finally she let go, and told Denise my
cock needed attention.  She told her to get over to me and sit with it in her
ass.  She told Jane to hurry over and help put it in her asshole.

Both ladies ran over as I let go with my hand and watched my new slave wife turn
around and started lending her ass down on my cock.  Jane had taken it in her
hand and was holding Denise ass wide with the other lining it up till it was at
the entrance.  Denise slowly started working in her ass as I leaned back in
excitement watching my wife who would never even let me put a finger in her ass
now shoving her ass on it.  Even more, her mother was helping her.  I never
would have guess she was that much of a slut.  Finally it was in all the way, as
she sat trying to adjust to the feel in her ass.  Mother walked over and told
her I would never come that way and quipping her tits started to pull her up and
down on it and she pleaded that she would do better.

Come with me slut, said mother to Jane.  Sitting on the chair across the room,
she had Jane on her knees licking her cunt while she watched Denise from the
other side.  I came for the third time that day and had Denise get off and clean
my cock as I leaned back and relaxed.  Mother had come also and was teasing Jane
making her tell her how pretty her pussy hair was and how she wanted to have
some someday.  Mother didn't seem to be tiring at all and I wondered how much
more Jane and Denise could take.  As for me, I was sore and needed to relax so I
lean down on the couch and close my eyes and drifted off to sleep with Denise
mouth still on my cock.

I finally awoke after a couple of hours sleep and the ladies were gone, so I got
up and decided to check out what was going on and where.  I found them all in
the kitchen.  A large meal had been laid out on the table and mother was sitting
there nude in a chair with the ladies standing on each side of her serving her
the meal.  Both had an apron only and I noticed small red blotches on their
asses like they had been whacked with a spatula or something.

Come on in hun and have a seat.  The meal is really good for a change.  Denise
feed your husband.

I sat down and watched as my obedient wife got a plate and started filling it
up.  She then started picking the food up and feeding it to me as I ate it up. 
I couldn't help cupping her ass as I was served, enjoying the humiliation look
in her face.  The meal was really good and served by two very fine bitches.

After we ate, mother had them fill two plates up for them and then lay them on
the floor.  They had to get on their knees and eat like dogs with their mouths
only.  Both were hungry however and didn't complain.

Mother asked me to go to the adult store in town tomorrow and find us some nice
toys for our new pets.  She wanted some plugs for their asses, leases, cuffs,
and so on.  She said Jane would be so happy to pay for them as I looked down at
Jane still trying to fill her mouth.  Mother told each of them to finish eating
and cleaned their plates with their tongues.

After dinner, the slaves cleaned the dishes while mother and me went to the
living room to relax.  Mother was explaining how some women were natural born
sluts and Jane and wife Denise were two of them.  She made several suggestions
on how we were going to change their lives and improve ours from now on.  We
chatted for over 30 minutes, which is something we rarely did, when the sluts
arrived back in and announce the kitchen had been cleaned.

Mother told them they would only be allowed to wear what we tell them from now
on and that we would go through their stuff and decide what was needed and when.  
From now on they would care for our needs both inside and outside.  They could
only play with themselves when we give approval and so on as they stood looking
down at the floor in front of her.  Mother broke the ice and demanded each get
on their knees and present their tits out so she could tweak them.

Both ladies kneel in front of her as she took turns pinching their nipples and
pulling on them.  She was enjoying their looks of discomfort and pulled harder
each time to show me how they were enjoying the game.   She told each of them to
reach behind the other with their hands and shove a finger in the other one's
ass as she played with their tits.  Both women were moaning from the tit pulling
and finger wiggling in their butt.  Finally she tired of the fun and demanded
they get on their bellies in front of us while maintaining the finger in each
ass.  They finally managed to assume position while she placed a foot on each of
their backs and told them to get those fingers moving in their slut asses.

I watched as each started jabbing their finger in the other butt and moaning as
theirs were being poked.  Both women were getting hot and I could tell by the
moans they were enjoying the probing.  Too much I guess as mother told them to
stop.  She made them take the finger out and then spread their ass wide as she
got up and walked behind them.  She placed her big toe in Jane ass and started
pushing it in as I saw it go in almost all the way.  Jane had to thank you as
she probed it back and forth.  Then she repeated the same with Denise as my cock
was rising again.  After her fun, she walked back in front and placed her feet
in front of them.

Clean my toe slut.  Both ladies started licking not knowing whose ass it was in
as I laughed at what they must have been thinking.  They even had to put the
whole toe in their mouth and suck on it as a small cock.  When mother finally
felt they were clean she decided they should be rewarded for cleaning her toes.

She made Jane lay on the floor on her back and told Denise to get in a 69 on top
of her.  Both women hesitated as she slapped their asses too get them in
position.  She went to the kitchen and brought back two carrots.  You will put
that in one of the holes and lick the other.  It's your choice, she said sitting
back on the couch with me.

Both women started working the carrot in the other ass and started licking each
one's pussy.  I would have preferred it the other way myself.  They were really
hot but delayed at first, especially Denise, till Jane started lapping at her
cunt and she found herself at first rocking on her face and then returning the
favor licking her clit.  It was exciting to watch the ladies lick and shove on
the carrots as both women were in a steady movement now and I knew they would
come very soon.  Mother teased them with name calling and telling them to shove
those carrots up those chutes harder.  Finally each of them came on the other
and lay exhausted on the floor with Denise still on top.

Mom let the Jane and Denise rest for a while on the floor while she explain the
to me the need to treat whores this way and that.  She was far from through with
them and after about 30 minutes got up and started slapping Denise ass hard to
get off her mother.  She made her stand up and then jabbed two fingers in her
asshole and told her to walk around the room and tell everyone what a slut and
cunt she was.  I could hear Denise thrill voice as she walked and knew mother
had her two fingers deep in her ass.  She was wobbling more than walking and it
was fun to watch.  When she got back, she made Jane get up and started doing the
same except Jane had to beg her to finger fuck her ass as she walked.  Denise
had to remain standing in case mother wanted to do it again.  When she got back,
she told me to come outside with her as she led the ladies out the house.

In the yard, we had a group of hedges bushes about knee high.  She made each
lady turn around and sat down on them.  Both women were moaning as the hedges
were jabbing in their asses but she didn't care and helped pushed their asses
deeper in them.  She then turned around and presented her ass to Denise warning
her if she didn't do a good job she would be sitting there till dark.  I was
invited to use Jane which I gladly accepted turning my ass and lowering it on
her face.  I could feel her tongue wagging around the asshole and then
penetrating inside as my cock spring back to life in excitement.  This was a
good idea, I thought enjoying the feeling.  After minutes of tongue rimming,
mother made each get up and bend over forward on the hedges so their stomach and
tits were pushed down.  Both women were pleading to do a better job, which to me
was good enough but I went along with mom who grabbed a couple of switches from
a nearby tree and handed one to me.  We started slapping their asses with it as
they wiggled in the hedges yelling as it was scratching their tits.  Mother was
intolerable as she suggested we trade much to Jane displeasure and continued. 
Both women were in full tears by the time we stopped.

Mother told them to get on all fours and crawl around the yard while we sat on a
swing.  She stroked my cock to get it ready and told me when they got back to
us; I needed to shove it in one of their assholes to get it off.  Denise was the
first to arrived back as I made her lower her head to the ground and shoved my 8
inches in her ass, which was loose from sweat already.  As I was pounding her
ass, Jane had returned and mother got up and sat on her back and told her to
crawl some more since she was so slow.  She slapped her ass a few times to get
her moving and Jane was begging for mercy.

When they got back, I had already come in Denise ass as mother shoved Jane face
in it and told her to clean it.  I was making Denise clean my cock at the same
time and mother enjoyed slapping their asses telling them to hurry up.  They
finally please her enough that she let them stop.  As we sat back down, mother
told them to come over and give our feet a butt massage.  It was fun to see the
women turn around and spread their ass for our feet and then start massaging
them with their ass cheeks.  Of course a toe in their ass every once in a while
got them more motivated as they worked harder to please.  We finally told them
to go in and shower and report to the living room for tonight sleeping
arrangements which we would decide about while they were gone.  They had to go
in holding each other by the ass cheeks as they walked.

Mother worked a deal with me so she could have Denise for the night, which was
all right because I had plans already for Jane.  We were both tired and needed
rest and talked about several ways we could use them in bed.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





