BDSM Library - It Started in the Laundermat




It Started in the Laundermat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple runs into a female gang while doing laundry.  They get clean out for good.
It Started at the Laundromat (Part I, I hope)

My wife, Pat, and I were out of clothes as usual and decided to go to the
launder mat in the middle of the night to get it done.  The only one we found
open was in a shabby area of town but since there wasnï¿½t anything else open
around and no other people, we quickly made the stop and put our dirty clothes
in the washers.  We sat down to wait.

About half way done, we notice three young black ladies walk in wearing biker
black outfits.  They were shouting at each other and having a good time it seem
when they came over to were we were seated.   Even through they were very
beautiful, probably around 30, I ignore them reading the magazine I found to
keep the wife from noticing.  Pat gets very jealous when she notices me looking
at younger women.

One of them walked over to where I was sitting.

Bet you haven't had any good black pussy in a while boy, she said.  Just that
old bitch over there.

I almost dropped the magazine in surprise.

He s mine bitch, just go play with yourself, Pam retorted.   I was shocked to
hear Pam talked that way, but more shock to see the girl reach in her pocket and
pull out a pistol.

I don t think so bitch, the girl looked over at Pam.  It s been a while since me
and the girls had some fun with white assholes like you.  Now get your fat butt
up and strip pretty for me.  You too white boy.

I drop the magazine on the floor stunned at the gun.  Pat wasn t saying anything
so I figured she was too.

If I have to repeat it again, I plan to use this, the girl shouted again   Now
get your white asses up and strip.

The other girls were laughing in the background as I saw Pat get up and I
followed her lead.  Pat was immediately removing her top in fear as I glanced
over and started unbuttoning my own shirt.  By the time, I got my shoes and
shirt off; Pat was left with only a bra and panties.

Please, she begged the girl.  Not here, please.

The girl pointed the gun at her.  Strip or I ll put a new asshole in you here,
she shouted back.

I quickly dropped my pants and underwear as Pat removed her bra quickly and
dropped her panties.

Two other girls were laughing and making lewd remarks about our worthless white
bodies and we both stood there trying to cover up ourselves with our hands as
best as possible.

Now white boy, I asked you if you had any black pussy lately instead of that
worthless white bitch there.  And you better address me as mistress from now on,
she replied grinning at me.

No mistress, I never had black pussy before, I replied shaking.

What about you white bitch?  I bet you been dreaming of licking a black woman
pussy, she continued.

No mistress, Pat replied quickly, I never licked a woman pussy.  I could see her
shaking as well.

Well we may have to do something about that, won t we, the girl replied.  Mel,
you and Lou take our little white bitches here over to the dryers so we can have
some fun.

One of the girls walked over to me and laughed at the hard-on I had developed
from the vocal humiliation of the girl.  This ones already getting excited she
shouted and then reached behind me grabbing my buttock roughly in back with her
hold palm. 

Come on sugar, she smiled and started pushing my ass cheek gripped tightly in
her palm.  We ll going to make that little winnee thing between you legs better
for you.

I move forward as if in a trance.  My cock was now strained out to its limit as
I was more turned on than I had ever been   I could hear Pat being led and
voices behind but at the present my only attention was on my cock and that hand
gripping my ass.  As we made it to the dryer, the girl with the gun opened one
of them and told me to crawl my ass inside.  I didn t dare hesitate as I was so
embarrassed of my stimulation.  It was hard to crawl inside and when I finally
made it and she closed the door, my ass was firmly implanted against the dryer
glass.  They had goosed and slapped my ass the whole process.  It took quite a
while to adjust myself so that I could look out the glass by raising my knees
and looking by my cock between my legs.

Pat was standing with her side to the glass and one girl was in front of her
roughly squeezing her tit and rubbing her clit with her hand at the same time. 
Another girl as behind her and was shoving her finger in her asshole from my
view.  At first, it looked like Pat was in real pain and then I watched as her
body started to move with the strokes and tugs and seem to be anticipated each. 
I couldn t hear anything but buffered noise but I had seen Pat too many times to
know that she wasn t in heat at the moment.  The strain on my neck was killing
me as I had to readjust myself and finally got back in position to see Pat
really starting to grind herself on the hands using her.  Ooze was flowing from
my cock blocking most of my view.  Finally, they stopped moving and dryer door
open as cool air hit my ass in back

Pat, I started to say, but I noticed she had immediately walked behind me.

Shut up, she yelled at me and give me that cock now.

She grabbed my cock from behind and was immediately shoving it in her throat. 
It was so hard, I thought it was broke by her hand pulling it back but when her
mouth started gliding it in and out, I quit caring and started enjoying it.  Her
nose was bouncing against my lower ass and felt so good.  I was getting so close
to cumming when I felt her mouth pull back and my cock sprang out.

Looks like our bitch got our white boy in heat, I heard one of the girls say and
then the door was pushed closed again pushing me forward.  I tried to reach down
and grab my cock to finish myself off when the dryer starting turning.  It wasn
t turning much but just enough to keep me trying to adjust myself to keep from
moving with it.  It was quite a challenge in the tight quarter I was in.  My
cock was leaking all over my thighs and stomach.  It was getting very warm in
there and I was starting to sweat when the door finally opened again.  This
time, I was on my back with my ass out.

Are you going to be a good white boy and do everything your mistress wants, a
girl asked?

Yes mistress, I replied, I m a good little white boy.

 I felt a finger at the entrance to my asshole and than roughly shoved all the
way in.  I moaned from the penetration.

Oh dear, the girl said out loud.  This one really has a hot ass.  My finger made
it in with no resistance whatsoever.  Must have been fucked by one of the
brothers, she continued laughing.

Another voice spoke up from afar.

Yea, the way this bitch is lapping my cunt, I think a sister or two have used
her too.

My cock was going to spurt at any moment when the girl finger roughly withdrew.

Get your white ass out of there boy, she commanded.

I struggle to try to get out while the girl would pinch me here and there on my
body.  I almost fell to the floor before I lost my balance and fell to the
floor.  I finally could see my surroundings again.  As I got up, the girl
grabbed by nuts in her hand cuffing them tightly. 

You re my bitch now aren t you white boy, he grinned squeezing my balls in her
hand.

My resistance was gone.

Yes mistress, I cried out.  I want to lick black pussy and ass.

Look at my new white bitch, a girl sitting on the folding table yelled out at
me. 

I looked over at the girl and saw her patting Pat on the head as she was on her
knees licking away at her pussy.  The other girl was behind her pushing one
finger in Pat asshole and the other in her cunt.   I had seen Pat plenty of
times in heat and I knew now she was lost in lust.  Nothing would satisfy her at
pleasure except for two or three cums.   I felt my balls squeezed hard and then
release as I gasped them in pain.

The girl walked over to the washer where our clothes were thrown in earlier and
opened the lid.  Grabbing the clothes she threw them all out on the floor.  I
saw her pick up a pair of my wife still wet pantyhose and see through panties
with one of her T-shirts and throw them at me.

Put these on faggot, she yelled.  Can t have you getting a cold when we go out.

I didn t hesitate at all picking up the wet garments and putting the panties and
then hose on.  They were still pretty wet and it was very difficult, but I
managed.  The t-shirt; however, was so tight I could barely breathe.  I noticed
they had pitched a pair of my underwear and one of my shirts to my wife and she
was doing the same.

Let s go get some food at the drive-in and then go over to the bitches home, the
leader said.  We are going to have some fun with these hot bitches tonight.  Be
sure to pick up your purse on the way out faggot boy, she said.  You ll be
paying.

I grabbed my wife purse, as I watched one of the girls put her hand in the
waistband of Pat underwear and started moving it in her ass.   Pat was moaning
and asking the girl to be her bitch.  My wallet was already gone and I followed
behind the women leaving all our clothes gathered on the floor.  We wouldn t
need them tonight anyway, I thought, hurrying to catch up.

When I finally got out to the car, Pat was already inside with each of the black
girls on either side of her in the backseat.  The one that had tormented me the
most, was getting in the passenger side as I walked up trying to walk in the
still damp pantyhose and panties.  As I got in the driving seat, she moved over
to my side and held out a pair of sissors in hand.

Your little dicky can use some air, she told me reaching in my crotch area and
pulling the panties and hose up slightly.  Some of my hair too; as I gasped in
pain.  Then the sound of a snip and a hand grabbing my sore hard cock and
pulling it up and out the hole of the hose. 

There, she smiled at me.  I can use it as a gear shift as we drive to the burger
place.  You don t mind do you sissy.

No mistress, I replied moaning in delight as she grabbed it in her palm and
squeezed tightly around it. She gave me the key and told me to get moving. I
could hear pat yep every once in a while in back and knew they were doing
something as I started the engine and got the car out of the parking lot and
down the road as she told me.  When she jerked on my cock as we got moving I
yelled in pain from the sudden push and pull.

Get it up to second gear baby, he laughed.  I can t wait to do it again.

I tried to concentrate, when I felt the jerk again and I yelled in pain.  Damn,
it felt like she was going to break it.

We drove for about 20 minutes till she told me to pull into the drive-in of a
all night burger place despite both me and Pat pleading with them to just go to
our house. A young black girl was at the window as I drove up to it.

Shittttt.  Damn Jess, you trying to get me fired?  The girl yelled out.

Don t freak girlfriend, the girl beside me said.  We both know you and Bette are
the only ones working this hour at night.

The girl startled look turned into a smile.  I haven t seen one that small be so
hard, she laughed.  Wouldn t even fill up a mouth.

I turned red with her words.

It s only a toy anyway, Jess replied.  He has other things I want to use
tonight.  How about the old bitch in back.  You want to try her when we get
done?  The last time you got through with that mom cheerleader, she couldn t
walk for a week.

Nah, but show me her big white butt and I ll think about it, the girl replied.

I heard Pat try to protest and then some rumbbling in back and my seat being
pushed up by something.

That s its bitch.  Now spread them good for the sister to look at, one of the
girls in back said.

The girl at the window was smiling.  I tell you what, she said.  I ll give you a
bag of barbecue fries extra for you come shove up that one.  With extra bags of
ketchup of coure.

Thanks hun, Jess replied.  Give me a hot dog also so I can shove in the sissy
mouth here so he ll know how big a real cock should be.  I yelp as she jerked my
cock hard up and down a few times as the girl was the windows was laughing madly
at the sight.

Coming up, the girl replied.

It felt like hours before the girl returned with the bag and I quickly grabbed
it hoping to get out of there fast.

I ll call you tomorrow, Jess smiled at her, and see if you want some of these
white asses to play with.  Get moving sissy boy.

I started the car moving as the girls were saying goodbye.  No sooner than we
was on the road, Jess shoved the hot dog in my mouth and demanded I hold it
there all the way home.  She started eating her burger and passed the bag in
back.  In a few minutes, I hear Pat in back moaning and knew where they were
feeding her the fries.  At least I thought I did as my cock was being jerked on
again and at present I had my own troubles to worry about.

We were home in less than ten minutes.  It was a small community with only our
house and the neighbor, an elderly teacher across the street adajacent to each
other while the rest of the houses were about a block away.  The porch light was
still on and I hope the teacher wasn t awake at this time of night.

Get out sissy and open the car door for your mistress, Jess demanded.

I got out and walked around the front of the car hoping not to be seen and
opened her door.  She go out and demanded I do the same for the girls in back.

After the first girl exited, I saw Pat climbing out.  Her face was totally red
and lust was written all over it.  She was as hot as I had ever seen her.  My
wet shirt she was wearing was totally open and my wet briefs pulled down almost
to her knees.  I could see a red area between her ass crack and knew I had been
right guessing what they had been shoving in there.

As the third girl climbed out, she reached and put her hand between Pat ass
cheeks shoving one or two fingers in by Pat moaning.  She looked at the others.

I think I ll walk this cunt down the road for a piece.  Maybe I ll get lucky and
someone will pay us for a quck blow job or something.

I glanced at Pat face and knew she was trying to say something only to be pushed
only by the girl with her hand up her crack.  It was quite a sight to see a girl
pushing an elderly woman alone by her ass with her briefs down to her ankles. 
My cock was so high it was straining to burst. 

I felt my pantyhose and panties being pull down below my ass in back.

Get on your hands and knees and kiss my feet, Jess demanded.

I quickly got down and started kissing her shoes.  If the neighbor across the
street was awake she would see my big white ass bared out her window.  I kept
kissing and then heard a swoosh and sharp pain to my ass.  I yelled out.

Whip him some more with that switch Lou, Jess said.  Wiggle that butt of yours
while you kiss them sissy.

I was yelling and kissing as the switch kept coming down on my ass.  Finally the
girl behind quit.

Let s take him inside and have some fun.  Crawl to the door sissy boy and open
it for us.

It was such a relief when the switching finally stopped.  My ass was raw in back
and felt like pins were shoved in it.  I watched my mistresses start towards the
door and started crawling after them.  Jess had the key out and opened it.  We
had left the inside lights on too and I felt totally exposed crawling inside
with the porch and door lightning fully exposing my ass behind.  I heard the
girls making comments on how messy the place was.  Neither me nor Pat was good
housekeepers and usually just threw things around when we were busy.  Several of
our cloths items we had worn that evening were just thrown on the couch since we
forgot to get them in our hurry to do laundry.

Wag your white ass over there and pickup those dirty clothes sissy, Jess yelled
at me.  Use your mouth.

I crawled over and picked up the first item and started crawling into the
bedroom to put it in the hamper.  It took several more trips to get them all and
the girls were having fun popping my ass with the leftover clothing as I
completed it.

When I got the final item back in the hamper and crawled inside, Pat was back
from her walk with the other girl who still had several fingers shoved in her
ass.  Pat was panting and I knew she was close to cumming again.  She looked
like a whore with my shirt unbuttoned and her large tits swaying out of it and
my pair of underwear shorts had worked to her ankles.  She was thrusting her ass
back and forth desperately seeking an orgasm.

No one came out wanting to fuck this old bitch, the girl beside her said.  So I
brought her back and figured I ll have some fun with her.  I got three fingers
in her ass already and she s still loose.

The other girls were laughing as Pat turned red in humiliation.  As I crawled
forth, Jess grabbed my hair and told me to go clean the wet spot on the floor my
wife was making.  Her quick slap on my ass sent me crawling forth in haste.

Tied the bitch up on the chair, Jess who was apparently the leader told the girl
by my wife.  Bend her over it in case I feel like fucking that gaping asshole of
hers later.

I started lapping Pat cum on the floor as she was led over to a chair in the
corner.    I lapped and watched as she was tied over it with her ass sticking
out in back for whatever the girls had in mind later.  When she was completely
tied up, Jess and the other girl led me by the hair and toward Pat.  They pushed
my face in her gaping asshole and started to tie me in that position.  My nose
could almost enter her asshole it was so loose.  I hope she didn t have to go to
the bathroom.

Now that the bitches are tie up, let s go through the house and see if there is
anything worth having, I heard one of them say behind.  I heard them start
moving around in back as my attention was quickly returned to my present
position by my wife Pat.  The bitch was trying to rub her asshole on my nose to
get off.  Damn bitch, I thought as my head started bobbling between her big
mounds.  I hope they shove a broom handle up it when they get back.

I knew it was only minutes but it felt like hours with Pat masturbating her
asshole on my nose till the girls returned.

Look at the bitch hump her sissy husband face, one of them laughed.

Looks like we have a use for that big dildo we found in the bedroom after all,
another exclaimed. 

I didn t even know Pat had a dildo.

With a wimpy cock like that at least I can see why the bitch brought this big
black poker for her cunt. 

No I think she s been using it on her ass.  See she can t get enough of
something shoved up it.
Well let s see which end it fits, another said.  Go untie the sissy boy and
shove it up.

Pat had quit humping my face in surprise.  There was nothing more I wanted to
see than something shoved up her asshole this moment but my face.  I felt the
ropes being released from behind me and then my hair grabbed as one of the girls
moved me away from my wife large ass.

Please, it s too big; I heard Pat whisper to the girl.

Hush up bitch.  Your asshole is big enough to drive a train in right now, the
girl replied. 

I watched as she broke the large black dildo up to my wife ass and drove it
towards her loose puckered asshole in back.  My cock was pointing straight up in
excitement as she started trying to rim it in her butt hole.  Pat was moaning
and begging the girl to be gentle but I knew that wasn t going to happen.  I
wanted her to shove it in harder.  I heard Pat gasp in pain as the monster made
it s was inside the opening and I knew there was no resistance left now as it
slipped in the rest of the way without any problem.

That should keep the bitch busy for awhile, Jess yelled out.  Let s sit and
watch Sissy boy dance for us.  You want to dance don t  you sissy boy.  Get up
and wiggle that butt and little weenie of yours.

Yes mistress, I yelled, getting up quickly from the floor. 

Jess and one of the other girls were on the sofa with their legs spread out and
rubbing their bare clits as the other girl quickly joined them.  I started
dancing in front of them while they masturbated their pussies.  My cock was
slapping my legs wildly dropping cum all over the carpet floor.  When they said
to turn around, I quickly did as requested shaking my butt as fast as I could
for their pleasure.  I was told to slap my ass cheeks and spread them every once
in a while which I did with much pleasure.  I could hear them moaning behind me
as I was stunned to hear the doorbell ring.

That s probably that old bitch across the street one of the girls said.  I saw
her looking out the window as I was walking the bitch back.  Probably playing
with her cunt the whole time.

I was covering my cock and ass with my hands in surprise and fear.  I knew Pat
must have been in panic.

Well let the bitch in, Jess told one of the girls.  We can each have a bitch for
ourselves tonight.

I fought the fear of running as the girl walked over grabbing her gun on the way
and opened the door.  There was our teacher neighbor from next door standing
there looking at both me and Pat.  Her mouth was completely open in surprise.  
Finally, she regained her senses.

You pervert.  I came over here to tell you to stop but now I m going to call the
cops, she yelled out.  Perverts.

She was just about to turn around when the girl pointed the gun at her face.

I don t think so, bitch.  The girl yelled at her.  In fact, I think you are
going to lower those jogging pants of yours to the floor and beg to join in the
fun.  Isn t that right.

Our neighbor, Marsha froze, at the sight of the gun.  I could see her hands and
knees shaking at the sight of it. 

Please, I won t call the cops.  I ll just go home and let ya enjoy your fun.  I
sorry for disturbing you, Marsha started saying.

Too late bitch, the girl said.  Drop those pants now.

I could see Marsha face the thought of running for it and her desperate fear of
being shot.  Suddenly she reached the waistline of her pants and started
lowering them.  Even through she was slightly overweight and in her late 40s I
had gotten hard several times in the past watching her ass swaying in the flower
bed.

Hurry up bitch, those panties too.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





