BDSM Library - Interest Loan




Interest Loan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman needs a bank loan but has to deal with an old friend from school.  High interest rate.
Interest Loan I

Interest Loan

Please Ann I need the money bad.  You're the last chance I have before they
creditors take everything I own.  I have two girls in college.

Lynn was totally ashamed of herself standing there begging Ann for the loan. 
She had been in every bank for miles and had been refused everywhere.  This was
her last chance; however, Ann was her worst fear.  She had tormented the woman
throughout their high school career.  Ann wasn't very pretty then and she was
the most popular cheerleader in school.  None of the other girls would take to
Ann because of all the names she had called her.

At 36, she had found herself alone with two girls after her husband had divorce
her and disappeared.  He left her with over 60 thousand in bills and the
collectors were calling daily to foreclosure on her home, car, and everything
else she owned.  Her daughters' college was in jeopardy.  Ann on the other hand
had married the local banker who passed away several years after leaving her
everything.  She now owned half the town Lynn thought as she stood in
humiliation before her begging to say her future and that of her girls.  Even
her boyfriend had left when he heard about her debt.

Do you reminder all the things you did to me in school, Ann asked looking up
form the desk.

Yes, but we were only kids then Ann.  We have grown up now.

Well I haven't forgotten.  You know I have this thing for girls as you probably
have heard.

Lynn had heard the rumors that Ann was a dyke but she hadn't given it much
thought.  She had an affair with a girl several times in her past for a pasting
moment only.  Maybe she could use it to her advantage.

You know I enjoy a woman every once in a while myself, she lied looking at Ann. 
Hell screw Ann and then get the money and run.

It's not that easy, Ann smiled.  I always had this thing about wanting a slave
girl that I could do anything I wanted with.  Maybe 2 weekends per month.  Do
you want to be my little bitch slave girl?

Lynn stared in confusion.  The thought that Ann was perverted had never crossed
her mind.  Her ex-husband and her had played around several times with the
thought but she really had not gotten into it much.  She stared at Ann smile
across the desk as she pondered her choices.  Surely she could stand it till the
girls completed college and then she could sell the house and move.

Yes, she replied softy.  I want to be your bitch Ann.  How long do I have to.

Good bitch. Ann reached in her desk and withdrew the papers.  I have been
expecting you from all the calls I have been receiving.  Sign at the bottom. 
You will be my bitch till I get tired of you.  Of course, I will pay off all
your loans and support those bitch daughters of yours through college in the
meantime.

Lynn quickly signed the papers.  This was better than she hoped.  All her bills
paid off and the kids' college free.  She'll just have to lick the whore cunt
for two weekends to get her off a month.  Maybe a spanking or two here and
there.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Interest Loan II

Ann took the papers and called her secretary who came in and got them.  When she
left, Ann rose from the desk and walked behind Lynn.  She rubbed her hand on
Lynn well rounded ass cheek covered by her slacks.  Standing to the side, she
whispered in her ear while she rubbed her butt.

Do you remember in high school how you would always wiggle your ass at the boys
and their little dicks would always bulge out in their jeans.  You thought it
was a turn on to get them hard and not let them have any.  She reached her hand
down in the waist of Lynn pants in back.  Lynn groaned as the coolness of her
hand came in contact with her bare ass cheek.

Lynn went on.  And now here you are standing giving your big ass to me to play
with, as I want.  Wiggle that ass for me she said as she cupped the cheek. Ann
starting rotating her ass sideways for her.  She let her hand roam around in the
back of Lynn pants cupping each cheek as it moved and then found the crack
between her ass globes.  She reached in and found her asshole slowly working her
finger in it as Lynn gasped at what was happening.  She knew Lynn was getting
excited by her breathing as she whisper in her ear.

I love to toy with my bitch ass.  Do you like my finger bitch?  She shoved her
finger all the way up Lynn ass as she gasped.   Bet you never been fucked in
that hot ass of yours yet.  Always showing it off but never letting anyone fuck
it.  Take it bitch.  Feel my finger in your ass.

Yes, Lynn replied lying.  She was wet from the foreplay but the finger in her
ass was painful.

Yes what, Ann asked shoving it in and out quickly.

Yes mistress.

Now unbutton your blouse and show mistress that fat tits of yours while I play
with your naughty ass.  I didn't say you could stop wiggling your butt did I!

Lynn started unbuttoning her blouse while maintaining her wiggling in back.  Ann
was a bitch she thought, as the finger in her butt was getting painful as it
continued to assault her asshole.  Finally her tits fell out from her blouse as
she felt Ann other hand reach up and cupped on of them.

These big fat utters of yours need to be played with, don't they bitch.

Yes mistress, she replied.

Play with them, Ann demanded, letting her boob drop sharply.  She reached down
in the front of Ann pants with her other hand and put it inside also.  Rub those
fat boobs of your bitch.  Pinch the nipples for me.  Show me what a bitch you
have been all these years.

Lynn was getting wetter as Ann hand found its way down the front of her pants
till it reached her cunt hair.  She was on her side panting on her neck as she
fingered her ass and ran her other hand around her cunt.  Despite herself, she
was getting really turned on.  Reaching up she grabbed her breast and started
massaging them in front of Ann and then reaching her nipples, she pinched them
and pulled them.  She was no longer faking the ass wiggling in back as she found
herself rocking on the hands hoping Ann would shove a finger in her twat at the
same time.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Interest Loan III

Ann had noticed her cumming also, as she pushed a finger in her cunt hole and
started working it in and out.  Youï¿½re nothing but a whore.  A toy.  Cum for me
bitch, she whispered in her ear.  You ugly whore pig.  Fuck my fingers.

Lynn was close to cumming and starting rocking harder and harder.  Finally she
came as she almost fell from the climax.  It was the best climax she had since
her school days.  She was gasping for air as she felt Ann finger slowly withdraw
from her asshole in back and her hand removed.  Ann pulled her cunt hair several
times in front before she withdrew the other hand.

She was still shaking as Ann stared at her.

Be at my house at 6 sharp tonight for your first weekend of duty, she smiled at
Lynn and turning her back went back to her desk leaving Lynn just standing there
staring in disbelief.  Tell your daughter you have to work this weekend at a
part time job.

Lynn just stood there frozen.  She wanted nothing better but to put her own hand
back in her pants and play with her cunt.

Now get your lazy ass out of my office, bitch.

Lynn slowly turned around and staggered out the office.  She was walking funny
as the fingers in her holes had made her sore and she had a large wet spot down
the front of her pants.  In the lobby, she ignored the views and walked as fast
as she could to the car and drove home.  She couldn't believe that ugly bitch
had turned her on.  She parked behind a building and slid her hand inside her
pants.  Rubbing her cunt, she imagined the feeling she had gotten earlier and
came again.

Arriving home, she avoided the girls, taking a quick bath and throwing her
clothes in the hamper to avoid suspicion.  Afterwards she told the girls she had
gotten a part time job this weekend and would have to stay there throughout the
weekend till Monday.  The girls were having another one of their parties tonight
and were delighted at the thought of her being gone.  She had a few odds and
ends to do and then go back in the car and drove over to Ann house for her first
weekend.  Despite her dislike for the woman, she was a master at making her cum
and she needed more right now.  Besides, she thought, when I get back on my feet
I'll get my revenge on her fat ass.

Her pussy was still tingling as she went up to the door and knock.  The door
swung open and Ann was standing there in jeans and t-shirt.

Come in bitch.  My pussy been wet just thinking about you.  Follow me.

Lynn was led downstairs to a cellar and when Ann turned on the lights she was
amazed at the sight.  There were all kinds of BDSM equipment over the walls and
lying on tables.

Strip bitch.

Lynn felt uneasy but started stripping at Ann instructions.  Ann went over to
the table and returned with what looked like a thin pair of panties except there
was two dongs attached inside.  She waited till Lynn was undressed and demanded
she put them on.

Lynn didn't really care for the idea as Ann told her if she refused to obey
their deal would be off.  Slowly she got the panties and tried to work them up
her legs.  The pussy dildo was easy to get inside since she was already wet but
the ass plug she had to force inside a little at a time.  The damn thing was so
tight when she got it clamped in front, she felt like she couldn't move at all.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Interest Loan IV

When Lynn finally had the panties on and both her holes stuffed with the dongs,
she stood still while Ann started running her fingers over her tits.  She
squeezed the nipples to tease them and then pull them slightly as Lynn moaned
from their sensitivity.  She had to admit the sight of the room was turning her
on.  She thought she would only have to be humiliated by the woman for two
weekends a month but this was different.  It was frightening but sexually
exciting at the same time.

Don't go anywhere bitch, Ann said, removing her hands from her tits as she
remained standing disappointed that she removed her hands.  I have to get
something.

She watched Ann go over to the wall and return with several handcuffs.  Taking
her arms she started putting them on her wrists and then got on her knees and
started putting them on her ankles.  Lynn knew she should have run out but her
pussy was starting to drip in anticipation of what maybe coming next.  Oh, how
she wanted to reach down and rub her cunt.  The dong was really getting her wet
down there.

Ann went back to the wall and returned with a chain and lease.  Forcing Lynn to
slightly bend forward as the dong in her ass penetrated deeper, she attached the
chain to her wrist cuff and then to her ankle cuff forcing her to remain in a
bent position.  Lynn remained motionless as Ann reached up and started attaching
the lease around her neck.

Don't you look so pretty, Ann said, rising up and rubbing her tits through her
blouse?  If the boys could see you now they would probably cum in their pants. 
How does it feel cunt to be my slut?

Fine mistress, Lynn replied aware of her position now and possibly of no escape
unless Ann released her.  Her cunt was getting more wet with the thought of how
Ann was going to use her in this position.

Oh, I forgot something, Ann exclaimed, going to the wall and returning with a
mask.

I hate to have to look at your ugly face while I have my fun.  Stand still while
I put it on.

Lynn didn't like the thought of having her face covered by that thing and tried
to move away as Ann reached out and pulled her hair to return her to position. 
The dongs in her cunt and ass wouldn't have let her get far anyway, she knew. 
She pleaded with Ann as the mask was pulled down and her vision was blocked. 
Even her mouth was sealed with only a zipper in front of it.  Breathing had to
be done by two small holes in front of her nose as she felt her hair pulled up
the top of the mask in a tail fashion.

Much better, she heard Ann slowly from nearby.  You can hear me but can't see
me.  Isn't that nice?  I have a surprise for you.

She remained in position for several minutes anticipating something was going to
happen.  It seemed like hours before she felt Ann in front of her again.

I'm all-naked.  Wouldn't you like to lick my cunt, bitch?

Lynn shook her head yes as her cunt was on fire.  She had eaten pussy before but
had never been this horny at the thought.   She felt Ann grab her hair tilting
her head slightly up and then the slipper in front of her mouth was starting to
open up.  She opened her mouth prepared to push her tongue out and tongue her
cunt when she felt something hard and plastic at the entrance of it and then in
her mouth.  She realized the bitch had shoved a dildo in her mouth.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Interest Loan V

Suck my cock bitch, Ann yelled, pushing it deeper in her mouth.  Show me how you
sucked your teachers off in school.  What wrong bitch.  Don't like my cock?

Lynn tried to swallow the dildo in her mouth as best she could.  Her tongue was
pressed to the bottom of her mouth as Ann was starting to shove it in and out
slightly.  Breathing was near impossible, as she gasped for air through the
small holes in the mask.  She heard herself making grunting sounds around the
dong in her mouth in protest with no reply.  She tired her best to suck the
dildo as it was being shoved in and out aware of how humiliating she must have
looked in this position.

I guess you do give good head after all, Ann claimed.  She had stopped moving
the dildo in her mouth as Lynn maintained her position in fear she would start
again.

Hold my cock in your mouth slut till I tell you to spit it out.  I'm going to
have some fun with your fat ass.  That's it.

Lynn felt the weight in back of the dildo be released and knew Ann had taken it
off and must have left it in her mouth.  She clamped her teeth around the dong
to hold it in. 

I always knew you were good fuck, Ann said behind her.  Let's see how good you
are.  I'm going to slap your large ass while you walk around sucking on my cock
and fucking herself with the cocks in your panties.  We are going to have so
much fun, she exclaimed.

Lynn couldn't do anything as the first slap landing on her ass directly on her
plug causing her to move forward in pain.  Not only did her ass cheek sting but
also the damn plug had nearly gone all the way in her asshole.  It felt on fire
as she tried to move faster as the next landing on her ass cheek.  Slowly she
stumbled blind in the dungeon with Ann constantly slapping her ass and plugs in
back.  Several Times Ann would slap one cheek or another and tell her to turn
right or left to miss objects as she waddled.  She was coming close to an orgasm
with the fiction of the plugs.

Not bitch, Ann said, grabbing her panties in back.

Slowly she walked in front of her, as Lynn stood immobile.  She pulled the dildo
out her mouth, as Lynn pleaded to lick her pussy if she would quit hitting her.

I have something better for your foul mouth, Ann replied.

Lynn felt her hair being pulled slightly up and held in position and then the
smell of an ass just before it pressed in her face.

Arggh, she cried, as the cheeks pressed firmly and her lips were smashed in Ann
asshole.

Come on brown noser.  Do what you do best, dear.

Lynn didn't have much choice as she pushed her tongue in the brown asshole and
starting working it in.  The salty taste was bad at first but the warm feeling
in her pussy was getting her very excited as she started working it in and out
faster and faster.  She was licking her worst enemy asshole and starting to get
off on it.

That's it bitch.  Get your mistress off with that brown tongue of yours.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





