BDSM Library - The Queen of Piece




The Queen of Piece
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young white cheerleader finds herself being initiated into an all black BDSM club.
*********************************************************

This is intended for adult audiences, only for those
over 21 and NOT for younger ages and/or anyone who
finds this subject matter offensive or objectionable.
It IS fiction, entirely the product of imaginary
storyform and any similarity to anyone anywhere is
strictly coincidence.

WARNING: Contains controversial explicit sexual
situations! DO NOT read any further if this kind of
material has no appeal to you.


***************************************************




The Queen of Piece

A tale by Dom Master...



Chapter 1 - Initiation

The pain was so intense as the huge man pressed himself into Jackie's tight,
virgin asshole that she lost her breath, and for the first time in the hour long
ordeal she had suffered through so far, her sobbing was momentarily disrupted. 
She clenched down as hard as she could and for the time being, she managed to
hold back the invader.  She managed a meager shriek as the enormous head of his
pulsing cock continued its attempt to rip apart her delicate anus, threatening
to split it open.  Discouraged, but not defeated, the man withdrew his assault
long enough to spit a slimy string against her shuddering asshole, and then
wiped his hand under her nose to gather the snot that had accumulated there, and
coated the bulging head of his dick.  He held her hips in the vise like grip of
his giant hands, with the back of her legs pressed firmly against his shoulders,
and repositioned himself against the futile resistance of her tiny opening.  A
centimeter at a time, the fragile muscle of her sphincter gave way as she
writhed in agony.  Still unable to fully catch her breath, she was barely able
to let out more than a whimper as the barely lubricated cock burned its way into
her.

After what seemed a lifetime of suffering, the bulbous head of the big man's
dick lodged itself into her abused rectum.

"Please don't do this."  She softly pleaded as he positioned his massive weight
directly over his cock.

"Fuck you" he replied as he plowed down into her.

A blood curdling scream somehow managed to find its way out of her throat as
three inches of his thick cock burrowed its way into her.  Another grunt,
another lunge, and another three inches disappeared.  Just two more to go, and
the camera positioned just under his swaying balls was capturing every inch. 
Pulling her up to meet him, his cock drilled down into the warm recess of her
bowels.

After the abuse her little, 16 year old pussy had suffered from the three other
men as they took turns raping her earlier, she didn't think things could get any
worse.  The blood and cum covered cocks she was forced to clean with her mouth
hadn't even begun to prepare her for this new depth of depravity.  Her thoughts
were ripped from her mind as the brute, who had saved his savage lust for her
asshole, pulled himself completely out of her, hovered for a moment, and then
replanted himself in one long, forceful movement.  Her quivering hole didn't
have time to retighten its grip enough to even slow him down, and the blood that
oozed out from the torn skin further lubricated the thick, black pole.

"Ain't nutin' like bustin' a white cheerleader ass" he bragged to his whooping,
cheering buddies.

As he developed a quickening rhythm, plunging all 9 inches into her, and pulling
out just to the head, she drifted into a state of semi-consciousness and
wondered how she had gotten herself into this predicament.  She had met Leshawn
at a party after the game, and was delighted with the attention he had lavished
on her.  He was a year older than her, had an average build and was nicely
dressed.  She normally didn't associate with the black crowd, but had become
curious after several of the other girls on the squad had bragged about how well
they had been treated.  "Like being queens", they had described.

She was brought back into the present as several rough hands forcefully
maneuvered her into a new position, this time sitting up, straddling the huge
cock, with her back against the older man's broad, muscled chest.  She was made
to hold onto the fat cock and actually guide it back into her flaming asshole. 
With its full length once again buried inside her, she was made to lean forward
and hold herself up with her hands on his thighs.  Holding onto her hips, he
slowly worked her clenching asshole up and down the full length of his cock. 
After several passes, he released his grip.

"No one told you to stop, you white-ass piece of o' shit.  Keep fuckin'!"

Slowly she began to ride up and down on the thick shaft, totally humiliated that
she was being made to actively take part in this new assault.  At least before,
with the other 3, she was able to remain passive as they each took their turn in
her cunt.

"Like this bitch" she was commanded as he grabbed her hips and made her move in
a grinding fashion.

The new technique was even more painful, but judging from the man's
exclamations, brought great pleasure to him.  Leshawn moved in with the camera
and shot a long close up of the pained expression on her face.

"Don't close your eyes, Honey" he cooed to her as he zoomed in.  "Look into the
camera."

He panned down her beautiful, tear streaked face, along the well defined collar
bone partially covered by light brown, highlighted and slightly curly hair, and
explored her heaving 34C breasts.  The light brown areolas were well contrasted
against her lightly complected skin.  The big man fucking her ass roughly
grabbed her full tits in his hands and squeezed, working out toward the nipples,
pinched hard and pulled, causing a new, excruciating pain.  The camera captured
it all with stunning clarity.

What Jackie didn't realize at the time was that it was also being shown live in
the BDSM bar.  She had been brought into the back room through a side door, and
had no idea where she was.  The patrons had paid a tidy sum to witness her
induction into the fine art of submissive discipline.  She couldn't have known
that this was merely her initiation, and that the life she had known just a few
hours before was over.

The big man under her was lying on his back with his legs hanging off the table,
feet on the floor.  This position worked well for what was about to follow.  One
of the original 3 recruiters came up in front of her, and pushed her back so she
was lying against the big man's chest.  He placed her ankles on his shoulders
and moved in for the double penetration.  With the giant cock in her ass, there
wasn't nearly enough room in her already tight pussy, even for his average sized
cock, but he somehow managed to work it in.  The two cocks seemed to merge into
one as they fucked in and out of her in unison.  The man on top leaned forward,
doubling her over and covered her mouth with his.  The man underneath was rabbit
fucking her ass as the man on top made slow, deliberate, almost passionate
strokes in and out of her tender pussy.  The feeling of the two cocks sliding
against each other through the thin layer of skin that separated her vagina from
her rectum sent her system into overload, but as she began to black out, she was
revived by the firm grip of a hand on her hair, and she stared wide eyed at a
third cock aiming for her gasping mouth.

She was given no time to protest as the long, thin cock snaked its way across
her tongue.  With his grip on her hair, the cock's owner tilted her head back
and made a clear opening past the back of her throat and down.  He pushed
himself in until her nose pressed into his pubic hair.  She struggled for air
and was violently gagging on the newest intruder into her body.  He held her
head firmly and fucked his dick in and out of her throat, giving her just enough
air so she wouldn't pass out.  She again found herself semi-conscious and it
seemed as though she were a mere spectator to her brutal gang rape.  Her ass and
pussy were on fire from the hard pounding they were receiving.  Her guts were
knotted up from the huge cock deep inside her bowels, pushing them out of their
normal position.  Her jaw and throat ached from the constant wrenching and her
lips were being pinched between her teeth and the invading dick in her mouth,
which caused them to bleed and swell up.  When she finally thought they were at
the end of what they could do to her, Leshawn and the other man not already
fucking her, stood on either side of her and put her hands on their dicks,
making her jack them off.  She was servicing 5 black cocks at the same time.

The long, thin dick fucking her throat was the first to cum.  When the three men
had raped her earlier, they had finished in her pussy.  This was the first load
of cum to spray against the back of her throat and she found herself puking it
back out around the man's shaft.

"Swallow it, you ungrateful bitch" he demanded as he held her by the face, and
forced himself further down her throat.

The taste and smell of his foul semen mixed with her own vomit threatened to
choke her, but she somehow managed to swallow the awful mixture down.  As he
pulled out, his slender dick was replaced by Leshawn's average sized one, and
the camera he was still holding took it all in. Leshawn came quickly and she
swallowed his sperm more easily. 

As soon as he withdrew, the man who had been fucking her cunt pushed his cock
into her tired mouth as cum and saliva dripped down her chin and onto her chest. 
The taste of her own juices were strong but by now she had given in to what was
happening and was relieved that it was almost over.  "Let them do what they were
going to do and get it over with", she told herself.  The other man she was
jerking off took his place in her raw cunt and pumped feverously, banging hard
against the thick cock still lodged in her ass.

The three men ravaged her tender young body like she was a 50 dollar whore. 
They cursed her and called her every filthy name they could utter and Leshawn
made sure he had the best angle to record the violent thrusting of hard cock
into her soft flesh.  The big man underneath her mauled her tits with his vise
like hands and dug his fingers deep into the soft mounds.  He pulled and tugged
on her firm tits, pulling them out and away from her chest wall until she feared
they would tear away from body.  The bruises were already deepening into dark
purple spots.

The man in her mouth pushed himself all the way into her throat and came
directly down her gullet, saving her the agony of voluntarily swallowing.  As he
pulled out, she gagged and coughed up a bit of his hot jizz and cum bubbled out
of her nose.  Her head was spinning as she struggled to catch her breath.

Not wasting anytime, the man fucking her cunt moved into position in front of
her face.  He told her to lean her head back and open her mouth.

"Don't swallow 'till you're told, Bitch" he ordered her.

Thick jets of warm semen flew across the small gap that separated his dick from
her open, upturned mouth.  Glob after glob collected and formed a significant
puddle.

"Now you can swallow!"

Jackie made a loud gulping noise as she swallowed the gooey fluid.  Tears
streamed her now chapped cheek bones.  

Only the big man hadn't cum yet.

Holding her tightly against his chest with his cock tightly wedged in her ass,
the huge man rolled over and positioned Jackie on her knees under him.  With her
head pressed tightly down on the table by the firm grip of his hand around the
back of her neck, the big man utterly attacked her ravished asshole.  On
occasion, he would pull all the way out and then slam back into her, slapping
her battered pussy with his balls.  Her exhausted little asshole offered no
resistance.  He then pulled out, and focused his attention on her delicate cunt. 
Since he was so much bigger than the four men who had already taken their turns
with her cunt, it was like she was losing her cherry for the second time in two
hours.  Her cunt lips clung to the fat prick and were dragged inside and rubbed
raw by the thick shaft.  He fucked her pussy hard for what seemed like a
lifetime, before returning his attention back to her quivering asshole.  Back
and forth he fucked one hole, then the other. She drifted into darkness.

Her attention was once more brought back to the present as he spun her around
and over on her back, and let her head hang off the table.  He straddled her
head and forced her jaw open with his thumb.  Looking up, she could see his
sweaty, hairy balls hanging directly over her forehead.  She could also make out
Leshawn's camera.

The swollen purple head of the big man's cock completely filled her mouth and
had a new, bitter taste compared with the others.  She was surprised to find
herself wondering if it was the taste of her own shit, as though it mattered. 
An unseen pair of hands pulled her head back even further to make as wide a
passage as possible for the immense cock to take down her throat.  The camera
zoomed in on the bulge forming in her throat.  To the spectators in the bar, it
looked like the bulge a rat makes inside the belly of a python.  It only stopped
going down when it finally bumped into the young girl's larynx.

With her air supply cut off, the worry of the gang rape was replaced by that of
imminent death.  Her thoughts turned to her formal life as it slipped further
and further away.  She didn't feel the movement of the thick, black cock sliding
back out until it popped free and she was able to suck in the warm, sour air
from around it.  To her it was a sweet mountain breeze, and each time he
withdrew from the bottom of her throat, it became sweeter.

At long last, the big man was ready to empty his balls into and onto this
beautiful, 16 year old white cheerleader.  With her head still held firmly in
place, he positioned just the head of his dick in her mouth.  Her lips were
stretched taut and formed a tight seal around it.  The flood of thick goo gushed
against her tongue and flowed down it into her throat and past her gullet.  Wave
after wave sprayed onto her tongue and down, and she had to swallow several
times in rapid succession.  He pulled out and covered her eyes and nose with the
sticky white fluid as his immense orgasm slowly subsided.  He wiped the
remaining drops with her hair and exclaimed, "Hail, the new Queen of Piece!"

Whoops and cheers went up in the front of the BDSM bar called Piece, as well as
the back room.  A new queen had been crowned and would reign supreme until she
was able procure her own successor.  She would be made to cooperate and comply
with the demented wishes of the bar's patrons, under penalty of the humiliation
of her video being made available to the student body at her school, or the real
threat of death should she decide to go to the police.  They knew everything
about her and there was no place she could hide.  She was to make herself
available each and every Friday and Saturday night until such time that she was
able to coerce the next potential queen to voluntarily come to the club.  The
previous queen reigned for nearly 3 months.  After that, she would still be
considered royalty and would be expected to present herself as such.  She would
not be in nearly as high demand, but would be kept busy for quite a few years. 
Eventually she would join the other former queens as the only white patrons
permitted.




Chapter 2 - Abduction

The 5 men dressed and then filed out of the small backroom, making small talk as
though it were just another day.  They showed no concern or remorse toward the
young girl lying limp on the table, her face covered in drying cum, the inside
of her mouth and nose flooded with the foul substance.  She lay there in silent
disbelief that not even Leshawn would offer her compassion of any kind.  Not so
much as a comforting word.

In shock, she tried to shake off the horror of the last few hours.  She relived
the betrayal of her friend, Leshawn, hoping somehow to change the outcome and
wake up from this terrible nightmare, but her aching mouth, ass and cunt were
constant reminders that the rapes had definitely occurred.  She would never be
the same.  She relived the first moment of penetration as her virginity was
stolen from her and began to sob uncontrollably as she realized her defloration
was captured on video to be used to pleasure the rapists over and over.

She trusted Leshawn as he drove her to the unfamiliar part of town and escorted
her into the backroom of the club.  She was filled with anticipation to meet new
people and couldn't hide her pride as he introduced her to his friends, pointing
out her beautiful physical features.  She loved being on the pedestal, but as
the introductions continued, the descriptions of her body became more and more
offensive.  Leshawn and his friends began commenting on the size of her breasts,
and the shape of her ass.  She blushed, and tried to change the topic by asking
them about themselves.  They completely ignored her as they circled her and
began taunting, making crude remarks and sexual gestures.  It was when she told
Leshawn to take her home that the 3 of them grabbed her and began tearing off
her clothes.

She tried to fight them off, but was easily overpowered by the group.  They
bruised her skin as they pulled her shirt and jeans off.  She tried to cover the
thin material of her bra and panties with her hands as she continually screamed,
trying in vain to summon help.  The 3 young men ignored her pleas as they tore
off the dainty bra and panties covering her luscious tits and sparsely haired
mound.

Leshawn helped the others position her on her back as she tried to kick away the
man moving between her legs.  The hard slap across her face took her breath away
as her hands were moved over her head and pinned to the table.  The man between
her legs undid his pants and pushed them down.  As he pressed the head of his
cock against her virgin cunt, he held her legs firmly against his hips.  She
begged and pleaded for the man to stop as Leshawn zoomed in on the cock head
sinking into her dry cunt.  The man holding her hands gripped them in one of his
own as he mauled her perfect, firm tits with the other.

Leshawn captured the cock as it worked its way into her virgin pussy.  He
followed the head as it pulled out a bit and dug its way back in.  He actually
reached out with one hand and spread her labia out between two fingers, allowing
the cock to sink in a bit deeper.  As the cock worked its way in and out,
Jackie's body began to respond involuntarily and moistened her pussy.  She
mentally tried to stop the flow of juices in a futile effort to stop the
intrusion into her body, but without success.  Before long, the black cock was
buried in her soft, pink pussy, and her juices glistened on the shaft as he
pulled out.

Jackie tried to zone out as he worked up a steady rhythm in and out of her.  
She squeezed her eyes closed in an effort to block out the assault but was
forced to respond as he released his orgasm deep inside of her.  The thought of
his foul semen against her womb filled her with dread since she was on no type
of birth control.  Thoughts of lost innocence, pregnancy and disease seized her
mind.  The man quickly moved up from between her legs and positioned his dick
directly in front of her face.  She had a vague idea what he wanted, but
couldn't actually believe he would expect her to take his slimly dick into her
mouth.  Her disbelief was quickly suspended as he grabbed her face in his hand
and squeezed, forcing her mouth open.  She stared cross-eyed at the cum and
blood streaked cock as it moved into her mouth.  The taste was vile and diverted
her attention from the man holding her hands.  She didn't notice that the man in
her mouth was now holding her hands as well, and her cunt was about to raped for
the second time.

With the cum in her cunt for lubrication, he easily sank himself into her.  She
began bawling anew as she was fucked by two black cocks.  Leshawn panned up her
soft, white body between the two dicks.  It wasn't long before the new man in
her cunt pumped his load in her, and took his place in her mouth.  Leshawn moved
in between her legs and filmed himself as he fucked her hard, deposited his load
in her now sopping cunt and cleaned himself in her mouth, just like the other
two.  Jackie was devastated and broken.




Chapter 3 - The Master Rigger

Jackie lay motionless, engulfed by an ever deepening depression.  She barely
noticed as the 5 men filed out of the small back room, having completed their
gang rape of the former virgin's ass, pussy and mouth.  This was their payment
as recruiters, the thrill of the initiation; first contact, so to speak.

Their conversation turned to the more mundane everyday issues as they passed by
her limp and lifeless body, her spirit too broken to launch any further protest. 
She was merely an object they had found and consumed, and soon they would be on
the hunt for the next piece of meat.

Alone for the first time since she was brought to the club, she clutched herself
tightly and began to cry uncontrollably.  She wished with all her might that she
had not gone with Leshawn, that what had just happened would somehow undo
itself.  She struggled to ignore the taste and smell of cum that lingered in her
mouth, and the feel of it dribbling out of her cunt and ass.  She tried to fight
off the overwhelming guilt and despair of losing her virginity in such a vulgar
way.  She wasn't alone for long.

Brian was the Master Rigger of the club.  It was his job to secure and present
the subjects to the clubs patrons.  He was one of only a few white people
associated with the club, and although he saw all black people as "worthless
niggers", he wasn't about to turn down the opportunity to bind up unwilling,
white, teen-aged cheerleaders.  Plus, after a black dick had fouled their white
flesh, he considered the victims as worthless as the niggers who had violated
them.

Without ceremony, he secured Jackie's limbs to the table with zip ties, being
sure to cinch them down painfully tight.  She pleaded with him to let her go; to
call for help, but to no avail.  Brian secured her on her back, feet flat and
spread apart on the table with her knees up.  Her arms were stretched out wide
and pinned tightly against the hard surface.  A cold jet of water was aimed
directly between her legs to flush the cum out her abused pussy.  He worked the
jet down to her asshole, and partially filled her bowels with cold water. 
Switching between the two, he washed the cum from her sensitive parts and onto
the floor.  He worked his way up her body, letting the jet punish her delicate,
pink nipples just for the fun of it.  He hosed off her face, which caused her to
choke and gag, and made sure to soak her hair and remove any remaining globs of
the black men's semen.

"What a nasty whore." he scorned at her.  "How could you just lay their and get
fucked by niggers?  Don't you have any pride in your race?  Shit, I bet you
didn't even try to resist.  You probably wanted those big, black cocks to ream
you out."

Already ashamed of what had happened to her, Jackie was crushed by the
accusation that she somehow allowed and even wanted it to.

"Please Sir, you have to believe me.  I don't want to be here.  Those men
attacked me.  I ... I ... I couldn't fight them off." she stammered.  "I was
saving myself, and those bastards attacked me."

Her sobs rocked her body, but Brian showed no sympathy as he retrained the hose
on her face, wiping away her tears.

"You weren't forced to come here."  He stated coldly.  "You got what was coming
to you.  And you deserve everything else you still got coming, you nigger lovin'
slut."

Jackie had wrongly assumed he was cleaning her up to let her go.  She hadn't
been able to cope with the idea that this nightmare wasn't over.  She couldn't
possibly have grasped the reality that it would never be over.

Brian undid the zip ties that held her down and tossed her some clothes.  She
was grateful until she realized what they were.  He had given her a cheerleader
uniform similar to one she wore for school, except this one was much smaller. 
The skirt just came down to the bottom of her ass, and the top barely covered
her beautiful tits.

"Stand on your tip toes, and reach for the ceiling."  Brian ordered her.  As she
did so, the skirt hiked up to reveal the bottom half of her ass cheeks, and the
top pulled up to expose her nipples.  "Perfect fit."  He declared as she
repositioned the outfit.

Brian brought in the "rig" he had setup just for her.  It was a rather large
device made of poles and wires, and rested on four caster wheels for easy
maneuverability.  She didn't dare resist as he went about his business and
fastened her ankles and wrists in the leather cuffs.  Her arms were pulled back
and her wrists bound together, which made her firm tits jut out.  Brian squeezed
them both in his hands as he pushed the fabric of her top above them.

"These'll hold up fine."  He muttered to himself as he gave them a tug.

Additional cuffs were then attached to her thighs, just above the knees, and
Brian began to crank a handle on the rig.  As he took the slack out of the
cables attached to the cuffs on her legs, Jackie felt her knees being pulled up
and apart.  She stumbled as she lost her balance, but Brian had already put his
arm around her shoulder to steady her.

The tension on her legs kept her unsteady as the Master Rigger looped coarse
hemp rope around the base of her large, firm breasts and a figure eight pattern
to join the twin orbs together.  As the rope passed across her ample cleavage,
he fed it through a ring he held in place.  He delighted in the purple hue that
slowly began to appear as the circulation was reduced to an absolute minimum. 
The young girl began to squirm nervously as the pain built up in her chest, and
she stared wide-eyed at the bulbous mounds as they grew.

Brian squeezed her engorged tits, and assessed the taughtness of the flesh like
a ripe tomato.  He tied off the rope and attached another wire from the rig to
the ring between her tits.  With her wrists held together behind her, he leaned
her back until she could grip the pole running underneath her in her hands.  He
then cranked her legs up until her feet were pulled off the floor and apart. 
She held her weight with her hands and arms as her legs were raised above her
torso, like being in the stirrups of a gynecology exam table.  Her pussy and
delicate asshole were invitingly exposed, just as Brian had intended.

Jackie's protests fell on deaf ears as he continued to make adjustments to the
rigging.  The cable attached to the ring between her tits grew snug as Brian
turned the appropriate crank and he watched her face grimace as her tits began
to share the weight of her torso.  Her head hung back limp as she tried in vain
to raise her shoulders up to reduce the force which threatened to remove her
breasts from her body.  The rough hemp rope dug into her tender flesh, and
further reduced the circulation.  The skin tone turned a deep crimson and red,
and small droplets of blood formed on the surface.  The poor girl was in more
agony than she dreamed possible.  She had no idea ...

Brian watched her stomach muscles with fascination as she tried to relieve the
tension on her throbbing tits.  With a simple remote control, he was able to
adjust the position of her orifices to accommodate most, if not all, the people
who might want to partake of her offerings tonight.  He stood between her legs
as he dropped his pants down around his ankles.  The whir of the gears as he
positioned her cunt at the exact height of his cock was nearly drowned out by
her gasps for air.  Her arms had already begun to tire and more and more weight
was being held up by her swollen mammaries.  Brian knew from the many girls who
had come before her that her breasts would be able, and expected, to tolerate
much greater punishment than this.

He slowly pushed himself into her as he stroked her taught, flat stomach, and
ran his finger tips across her bulging boobs.  As he slowly stroked in and out
of her, her body swayed like a pendulum.  He would stagger his thrusts so that
her swaying would further impale his cock into her.  He withdrew himself and
walked around to her head.  Another touch on the remote and her mouth aligned
itself with his dick, and he pushed himself in.  His thrusts into her throat
increased the swaying motion and threatened to dislodge her grip on the pole. 
Jackie held on tight for fear that her breasts would be ripped away, unable to
bear the full weight on their own.  She would discover soon enough that they
could indeed.

Brian moved back into position between her legs, inserted his cock into her butt
and pumped deeply several times before unloading into her ass.  He knew that
niggers loved to fuck white girls in the ass, and he wanted his cum to greet
them.

She was ready to meet her audience.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





