BDSM Library - South of the Border




South of the Border
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two young women gets more than they bargain for south of the border.
South of the Border I

Wendy and her friend Lacy was on their first vacation together.  It was a great
chance to get away from the kids and husband and see Mexico for the first time. 
The only trouble they were lost on an old back road with no one or nothing in
site; but desert.  When the tire blew out and they checked the spare, they knew
they were in trouble.  It was such a relief after 2 hours in the hot sun to see
an old truck coming down the road.    As it passed, they saw a young Mexican
woman and man inside.  It stopped by their car.

Can I help you senorita, the man asked.

Our tire is flat, can you patch it?  Wendy asked.

The man, she noticed was very rough looking in his mid 20s and the woman about
the same looked as if she despised the two older white women.  She waited as the
man got out of the truck and came around beside her.

Show it to me, he said.

They walked over to where Lacy was standing by the vehicle when Wendy felt the
man hand cup her right ass cheek.  She tried to ignore it and show him the
situation.  His hand; however, grabbed her ass cheek harder making it very
uncomfortable. 

She reacted without thinking, slapping him across the face.

Looks like we have some old farts who don't know there place, Maria.  The man
called over to his wife still sitting in the truck.  Guess we'll going to have
to show them what happens to gringo wives when they venture down here.  He
rubbed his face growling down at Wendy.

You try that again and I'll have you thrown in jail, mister.  Wendy stated
calmly.

I don't think so bitch.

Wendy looked passed the man to see Maria standing there with a pistol in her
hand.

I think we are going to have some fun with these bitches, Maria said.  I'm dying
to see if their asses are as white as I heard.

Seeing their situation, Lacy immediately started running leaving Wendy along
with the couple.

Go get the bitch, Juan.  Maria laughed.  She won't get far.  I'll have some fun
with this one.

Juan started running after Lacy leaving Maria pointing the gun at Wendy standing
their frozen.

I'd just as soon shoot you as having to chase you, Maria said.  Strip bitch.

Wendy and Dee was both in their mid 40s but had maintained their figures
throughout the days of raising their families.  When she didn't move fast
enough, Maria kicked her between her legs causing her to yell in pain and double
over grabbing her crotch.

Next time it will be the face, Maria stated.  I said strip.

Wendy regained her composure and started unbuttoning her blouse and left it on
the ground and then lowered her skirt and pushed it off.  She hesitated for a
second to see Maria glanced and immediately undid her bra.  Her hands were
trembling as she lowered her panties to the desert ground and stepped out of
them.  She cupped her breast and cunt with her hands for protection from the
girl stare.  She avoided looking at the girl who was roaming her eyes up and
down her body.

Get on all fours bitch like the dog you are, Maria yelled.

Please, we didn't do...........

She yelled in pain as she felt a kick to her right thigh area forming a red
blot.

Get down dog now, the words commanded.

Wendy got down on her hands and knees on the hot ground below.  She watched as
Maria walked around and then behind her.  She tried to look back to see what was
going to come next as felt Maria jump on her back and straddle her.  She almost
fell to the ground from the weight.

Get moving bitch.  Crawl.  Maria yelled and slapped her ass with her palm hard.

Wendy yelled in pain from the slap but froze till the next one hit the same
place.

Owllll, she yelled and started crawling forward.  Please, owwlllllll..  The
bitch was riding her and slapping her ass like she was a mule.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

South of the Border II

Wendy's hands and knees were burning from the heat of the ground and the weight
of the Mexican girl on her back.  Her pleas were falling on deaf ears as the
blow rained down on her sore ass.  Her only thought at the present was to
survive this horrible ordeal.

Oink for me piggy, the woman commanded still slapping her ass.

Oink, Oink, Wendy started oinking as loud as she could.  She couldn't take much
more of this and her pride was already gone.  Oink, she yelled as the slaps
continued on her ass and thighs.  Finally when she thought she couldn't take
anymore, the woman stepped off her back as she fell forward on her stomach on
the ground.

Owwlllll, she screamed as her tits touched the hot ground below and immediately
leaned back on her knees.

Owwllll, she yelled again as the woman pushed her forward with the heel of her
shoe back on the ground and pressed her foot on her back.  Her tits were burning
as she squirmed on the ground in pain.

Crawl with me, the woman commanded.

Wendy got back on her hands and knees and followed the woman towards the truck. 
As she arrived the woman opened the door and leaned over the front seat with her
butt sticking out the side.  Slowly she reached back and started lowered her
jeans and panties down to her knees.

Clean my ass bitch or I'll leave you like this in the desert, she commanded.

Wendy looked up at her smelly ass and knew she would have no choice.  Crying she
crawled forward and started running her tongue over her sweaty ass globes.

Between the cheeks sweetie, the woman commanded to her horror.

Wendy started running her tongue around her puckered asshole till her head was
forced by the woman farther up her ass.  Slowly she started working it in her
asshole tasting the salty smell of the day.

Argggh... She cried as she kept rimming the woman ass.

I see you caught the other one, the woman yelled out pushing Wendy head back.

Wendy looked to the side to see Lacy and the Mexican man walking towards them. 
Lacy was bent over at the waist as the man had a hold of her ear.  She was
quipping her ass cheeks in back as they approached and her tits and stomach was
red from having been on the ground.

Had to beat her ass red for making me run, the man laughed.  Once I showed her
my huge cock in her ass; however, she found her purpose in life.  Isn't that
right pussy.

Yes master, Lacy screamed.

You want my cock in your ass again pussy?  He inquired.

Yes master, Lacy repeated crying.

See, the man said.  These old white whores are good for nothing but fucking.

Not bad at ass licking either, the woman replied.  I guess we can take them back
home with us and have some fun or we could tie them up on the ground and let the
ants have them.

Noooo, both ladies yelled.  Please take us home.  We'll be good.

You'll better or we'll bring you back and you know what happen.  Crawl to the
back of the truck you sluts.  The woman commanded.

Wendy immediately started crawling as the man kicked Lacy ass with his boot as
she yelled and got down on all fours crawling after Wendy.  They were put in the
back with their hands tied to the rear platform and heads out the back of the
truck.  They were commanded to remain that way with their butts sticking up in
back so the couple could look at their pitiful asses through the rear view
mirror.

Kick a few bumps in the road the woman told the man.  I want to see those fat
hindies bounce around back there.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

South of the Border III

Wendy and Lacy was in total pain as the old pickup truck drove down the dirt
road.  Not only was dust blowing in their face but they were being banged up by
the constant bouncing in back.  A knee here, an elbow here, or a slight head
bang.  It was total misery as both women starting yelling pleas to their captors
to drive slower.  Their butts were bouncing high in the air bringing their full
weight back on their knees and elbows.  By the time the truck slowed down, both
women was in total despair.

Wendy glanced to the side to see an old wooden shack out in the middle of
nowhere.  There were chickens and several hogs but not much else.  No trees
either.  Her heart sunk with the sight.

Whack, whack.  Both women felt their asses slapped in back.

Let get the whores off the truck and have some fun with them before we put them
to work, the woman said.

They felt their ropes being released slightly as they were released from the
back of the truck only to have their hands tied in back again.  Wendy started
promising to give the man a lot of money if he would take her and Lacy back only
to have her ass swatted hard as she yelp in pain.

What I need with money out here, the man said, smacking her ass again.  It's
more fun to have two white women serve my every need.

Wendy started to plea again only to have her butt slap again.  She couldn't take
another hit as she just stood there smarting in back.

Lacy meanwhile must have done something wrong as she glanced over to see her
bent over by the hair by the Mexican lady who was slapping her ass raw in back. 
Her butt and thighs were jumping around feverously to avoid the slaps.  Finally,
she stopped hitting her and pulled her head up till it was even with her face. 
Her hand reached down grabbing Lacy pussy hairs pulling her closer to her.

French kiss me whore and do it better this time, the woman commanded.

Lacy had her back to her but Wendy could tell by her butt and thighs moving that
she was doing a good job of tonguing the woman.  She must have been pulling her
cunt hairs out by the root by the way she was moving.  She felt the man cock
touch her right ass cheek in back as she watched.

Masturbate my cock bitch, the man announced behind her and slipped his cock in
the crack of her ass.  Slap.  Move that butt slut.

Wendy started rubbing her butt crack up and down on his massive cock in back. 
She felt his goo running down her ass crack but kept rotating her ass on it. 
She couldn't help but get excited from his cock and watching Lacy and the woman
performing again.  Lacy was sucking away on the woman massive tits and was now
having her tits mauled by the lady.  She felt the man hand on the back of her
head pushing her head down to almost her ankles and then his cock at her
asshole.  She had never been fucked in the ass but at the moment, she needed to
be fucked anywhere as she loosen her ass muscles as his cock started pushing in
her tight hole.  The pain was horrible at first as she adjusted to it and
started pushing her ass back in response. 

Damn it felt good, she thought, as her cunt was dripping in response to the
pounding.  Fuck my ass, she yelled back.  Fuck me.

The man continued to pound his cock in and out till she felt her ass being
filled with his juice.  She was so close to coming herself as she continued to
push backwards on his cock trying to get off.  The man was laughing at her
feeble effort as his cock started to get limp inside her butt and finally
slipped out to her agony. 

If you want another fucking, you better get on your knees and get it hard again;
he laughed slapping her sore and bruise ass cheek.

Wendy in her past would have rather been shot to have to do this, but she was
beyond her normal senses in desperation to come and immediately dropped down on
the hard ground swallowing his cock in one quick gulp and starting blobbing her
head up and own on the limp dick trying to get it hard.  The man was still
laughing at her as she started working her tongue on the tip trying to get some
kind of a reaction.

Guess you won't get another fuck for a while, he laughed.  He grabbed the top of
her hair and started pulling her by it on her knees towards the house.    Maybe,
Anita will fuck your big butt later when she gets tired of your friend.  She can
fuck for hours.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





