BDSM Library - Aunt Jane




Aunt Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother's sister takes charge of the family.
Aunt Jane

It had been a year since dad passed away and the mother had become deeply in
debt.  Aunt Jane came to our rescue.  She paid off all our bills and decided to
move in with mom, sis, and me.  Mother tried everything she could to pay the
bills some other way before agreeing to let her move in to which I didn't
understand.  Aunt Jane was in her early 40s and mom younger sister by 1 year. 
She was extremely well built and had a body that made my cock stand out every
time she visited which was rare.  Sis was in her first year of college and I was
in my last year of high school and the thought of her living with her drove me
crazy at night masturbating my cock at seeing her around the house in her
housecoat or something else. 

That Friday night, and her and mom fought all night long while I walked in and
out trying to catch a glimpse of her when no one was looking.  Sis wouldn't be
home till late tomorrow night due to a ball game at the college, so I went on to
sleep after jacking off remembering every detail of her body.

The next morning, I woke up and quickly got dressed to go down for the normal
breakfast.  I heard noises in the kitchen as I came near and yelled out that I
was coming in just to make sure everything was okay.  My cock stood straight out
as I entered the kitchen.  Mom was in a sitting at the table in a see through
nightee, which displayed her large tits, and Aunt Jane was sitting to her side
wearing one also.  I could see her thighs from the side and her smaller
better-developed tits sticking out through the material.  Mother's hair was all
fluffed up like she had sleep through a hurricane last night and avoided my
stare.

Come on in James, Aunt Jane said.  Kathy please fix James a cup of coffee.  I'm
sure he's thirsty.

I took a seat opposite Aunt Jane and watched mother get up from the table.  Her
hairy bush was visible as she rose up and then turned around with the cheeks of
her large ass wiggling as she walked to the counter.

Surely you have seen women bodies before James, Aunt James smiled at me.  You
act like you never seen one.  Having naughty thoughts?

No, I whispered trying to avoid her stare looking away still at mother rear
pouring the coffee.  My cock was trying desperately to get out of my pants as I
squirmed in the seat.  Mother finally turned around as I almost fainted watching
her breasts sway bringing the coffee over and sitting it in front of me as I
continued to stare at her globes.  She didn't say anything and avoided looking
at me as she returned to her seat and sat back down.

You see James, Aunt Jane spoke, when your mother and me were younger she was
always getting in trouble just like she did with your family income and I have
always had to teach her the error of her ways.  So I'm back here as usual having
to take care of her.   Isn't that right Kathy?

Yes Jane mother replied in a whisper.

James, your mother has agreed to let me run the household like I use to run her
life to ensure things will never get messed up again.  She also agreed that the
two of you will also participate in the learning process with her.

I continued sitting wide eyed as she continued.

In this house, each of you will be punished for any offense no matter how small
and obey me in any way I should.  Kathy stand up and remove your nightee so
James can have a better look at you.

I nearly fell back from the chair as mother slowly got up and raised her
nightgown over her head exposing her hairy bush and large tits in plain sight. 
My cock was leaking all over my pants staring in disbelief.  I noticed her
snatch was wet also as I continued staring.

Kathy was very bad yesterday and needs to be punished.  Weren't you Kathy?

Yes mam, mother replied looking down.

Go get the soap off the sink and return here, Jane told her.

I felt Jane foot between my legs as she gripped my cock with her toes.  Naughty
boy, she teased looking at me.  Getting hard looking at your mother butt. 
You'll have to be punished later for that, she continued stroking my cock with
her foot.

I was about to shoot my load when mother returned and stood to Aunt Jane side. 
She removed her foot from my cock and got up taking the soap from mother's hand.

Open up Kathy so I can wash that filthy mouth of yours out.

Mother opened her mouth as Aunt Jane shoved the soap bar halfway in.  I didn't
know if I should come in my pants or laugh at the sight of mother standing there
totally nude with a bar of soap in her mouth.  She had punished me several times
in the past and now I thought this was justice.

Assume the position Kathy, Jane said.

Mother turned around and bent over.  I could see her asshole between the cheeks
of her large globes and her tits dangling in front.  Her cunt was exposed
underneath as she grabbed her ankles.  Jane walked to her side.

Twenty should be enough, Jane said.  Of course you know if you spit out the
soap, you will get 10 more.

I sat squirming in my seat wondering if Aunt Jane was really going to spank her
but my wait was short live as her hand came down hard on mother ass.  I could
see the red print on her ass as she flinched with the blow and then the hand
came down again.  Mother large butt was wiggling hard by the tenth and was
totally pink from the hard slaps Aunt Jane was putting on them but the soap was
still in her mouth.  On the fifteen, I heard it hit the floor and saw mother
reach down and grab it putting it back in her mouth as Aunt Jane continued to
pound her ass.

You'll get the extra ten later, Aunt Jane said.  Now go to the corner and stand
there till I say you can move.  She slapped her rear hard again as I watched
mother wobbled to the corner and put her head in it with her red ass still
shaking in back.

Get your butt up this minute and get those clothes off.

I nearly jumped up in the chair in shock as her words sunk in.  Quickly I rose
and pulled my shirt over my head and lowered my shorts to the floor.  My cock
sprung straight out and started dripping on the kitchen floor below.  I watched
her approach trying to avoid looking at her gorgeous body till she was at my
side.  She reached down and grabbed my cock hard in her hand.

Naughty boy.  Getting hard looking at your own mother large ass.  I think I am
going to have to spank that butt of yours.  Do you think you should be punished
James.

Yes mam, I replied immediately.  Her grip on my cock was driving me crazy in
excitement.

Turn around and bend over that chair young man, she told me releasing my cock
and letting it drop.  Move it.

I quickly turned around and lowered myself over the back of the chair with my
ass pointed out in back.  This was my dream come true and now it was happening. 
I squirmed at the thought of her hand slapping my ass.  I quickly found out that
it was not what I expected as the first slap came down and I jumped with the
pain.

Be still or I'll double it, she yelled hitting my ass hard again.

She kept hitting as I squirmed from the pain and begging to be a good boy and
promising to do anything she asked.  Finally, she stopped and started rubbing my
ass with her hand as I pushed back in ecstasy with her touch.  Pain or no pain,
her hand felt so good on my butt.  My cock was about to explode with her roaming
hand.

Kathy, get and apron from the drawer and bring it here, I heard her yell out
from behind.  I heard mother feet clambering and then felt an apron being tied
around my waist and in front of my cock.

You are going to obey my every command like your mother aren't you James.

Yes mam, I replied.

Good.  You are to prepare me a cup of coffee and bring it to me.  I expect both
of ya to serve me.  She slapped my ass.  Get moving James.

Quickly I turned around and walked over to the kitchen counter and poured her
drink.  Mother was on her knees beside her when I returned.  She took the coffee
from me.

James, my feet are sore.  Get down here and lick them and make them better.

I didn't need to be told twice as I crawled under the table catching a quick
glance at her beautiful cunt and started licking her large feet with my tongue.

At least your son obeys properly, I heard her tell mother from above.  Kathy be
a dear and make me a quick breakfast.

I glanced from the side noticing mother getting up as I continued to lick Aunt
Jane feet down below.  Every chance I got; I would glance up looking at her
thighs and cunt which was spread for my viewing.  I knew I would do anything she
wanted no matter what.

James you may work your tongue on my sore legs now, she said, as I heard mother
sitting her meal on the table.

Kathy go prepare me a hot bath. You know how I like the water to be.

Mother hurried away as I worked my tongue up and down Aunt Jane smooth legs.  I
felt her reach down gripping my hair and pulling my face towards her snatch.  I
quickly obeyed sticking my tongue in her cunt and working on her clit.

Slowly James, she said, gliding my head with her hand.  I see I will have to
train you myself.

I licked and sucked on her cunt for what seemed like twenty minutes till she
rocked back and forth on my face climaxing in my mouth.

Not too bad for your first time, she remarked pushing my head away and getting
up from the chair.  Clean the mess in the kitchen James and come up to your
mother bedroom.  Don't be too long or I have to spank you again, she grinned and
walked away.  Don't forget to put the apron in the laundry room.

I crawled out from under the table and immediately started cleaning the dishes. 
My cock was strobing in pain and leaking all over the apron.  I had the kitchen
cleaned in fifteen minutes and put the apron in the hamper and headed up.  I
didn't care about nothing at the present but getting back to her lovely body.  I
made it up the stairs and found her on mother bed lying there naked with mother
kneeling at the foot of the bed with her face in her cunt licking it.

The next time you enter young man, you better announce first, she yelled
glancing at me.  You will be punished later for that.  Now go to the dresser and
get that hairbrush lying there.

Quickly I walked over and picked up the brush and returned standing behind
mother kneeling form.  I could hear her tonguing Aunt Jane clit below and knew
the feeling myself.

James, you are going to give your mother that extra ten spanks with that
hairbrush and I better hear her yell with each hit or it will be double for your
ass.  Is that understood?

I nodded my head.  Mother large ass was wiggling below me as I admired her huge
globes.  I knew it was wrong but it was too late now as I squatted down behind
her and slapped her right ass cheek hard with the flat end of the brush leaving
a print on the cheek.  I could hear her muffled yell in Aunt Jane cunt and my
cock sprang out with the thought slapping her other cheek with the brush.  I
continued slapping her wiggling ass as she continuing to yell in pain.  My cock
was seeping all over the floor.  I heard Aunt Jane moaned from above as I
continued to look at mother redden ass and her puckered butt hole between them.

That was good James.  Now get up and come to the side of the bed.

I got up and walked over to her side as she grabbed my cock in her hand.

Kathy, James has to come.  You know what you are supposed to do when a man has
to come.

I watched stunned as mother got up from between Jane legs and walked over on her
knees in front of me.  She opened her mouth as I felt Jane start stroking my
cock.

Don't worry James.  Your mother is used to it and she enjoys to be used as a cum
dump.

I tried too keep from cumming but James stroking was too mush as I quickly shot
my load in mother mouth as she swallowed it.

Now clean him up Kathy and be quick, Jane told her.

Mother quickly opened her mouth and took my cock in it.  She started sucking my
dick as I stood there trying not to faint as I watched in total ecstasy.  In a
very short time, it was hard again as she quit.

Kathy dear. Go clean the living room and James clean my bathroom.  I will
inspect each of you to make sure it is done properly.  Now get your butts
moving.

I hurried off to the bathroom draining the tub water and cleaning it up.
Afterwards I cleaned the seat and john and dried everything.  When I was done,
my cock sprang out in excitement just at the thought of going back downstairs as
I made my way down.  Aunt Jane was stretched out on the sofa all nude with her
tits and cunt readily available.  Mother was scampering around dusting things
and bringing her objects.

Kathy get on the floor and put your head to the carpet.  Butt high.  Jane
commanded her as I approached.  That's it Kathy.  James since you got hard
looking at your mother's butt earlier, you will get your next punishment with a
close up view.  Get your butt on the floor and put that nose of yours in your
mom sweet ass.

I dropped to my knees behind mother and put my nose in her ass.  I was totally
absorbed by the view of her asshole wishing I could tongue the delicious rose
bud my nose was pressed in.  As I was enjoying the feel of it, I felt a sharp
pain on my ass and knew Aunt Jane had slapped my ass with her slipper.  By the
fifth, I was squirming my nose in mom ass hole as I tired to push forward to
avoid the next swat and mom wiggled her butt on my face in enjoyment.

Oh my gosh.

Everything stopped.  I knew the voice of sis, Linda.  I looked up to see her
standing in the doorway staring at us in disbelief.  I heard mom try to say
something as Linda turned away and ran upstairs.  We both just froze wondering
what to do next.

I felt a slap on my ass.

Did I tell you to quit, Aunt Jane yelled.  Get your face back in there and both
of you better not move till I get back.

I immediately assume the position as before aware that Aunt Jane footsteps were
leaving the room.  Mom also didn't move.  We remained frozen together for a good
twenty minutes with my cock leaking on the floor.  I couldn't resist the
temptation anymore.  I stuck my tongue in mother asshole and started working her
rosebud.  At fist, I teased it with circles and slow inserts and then started
using it as a dildo working it in and out her butt hole.  Her ass was rocking
back and forth on my face as she was near to cuming from the tonguing I was
giving her.  So was I.

Did I tell you two to play while I was gone?

I looked up to see Aunt Jane standing there with Linda totally nude to her side. 
She had Linda tit in a vice grip in her hand and was tugging her along with it. 
When she got to us, she looked down and told us Linda had a confession to make.

Tell your mom and brother why you are going to be punished Linda, Aunt Jane
commanded.

I been fucking a boy in college without permission, Linda replied, looking at
the floor.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?
Aunt Jane VI

And what else Linda, Aunt Jane said, grabbing her tit harder in a vise.

I got excited watching James face in mother ass while he was being punished.

Did you get excited watching him lick her large ass without permission, Aunt
Jane demanded?

Yes mam.

James, put your head to the floor.  Good boy.  Linda put your face in James ass
and licks his butt like he was doing your mother.  I'm going to give you what
you deserve young lady. Now get your butt down there.  Kathy licks my ass while
I spank hers.

I leaned forward with my head to the carpet as I felt Linda face slide in the
crack of my ass.  Her nose was breathing in my asshole as I wiggled my butt on
her face.  I wasn't going to make it easy on her.  I heard a swat and felt her
tongue on my asshole as I almost shot my load with the fell of it.  Another swat
and her tongue was forcing it's way inside as I pushed back to help it along. 
It wasn't long till I shot my cum on the carpet and was still enjoying Linda
tongue in my ass swaying while the swats were still cumming.  She was begging to
be a good girl for Aunt Jane while she tongued my rim.

Come along kids, Aunt Jane told us.  Kathy, there is a wet spot on the carpet. 
You know how to clean it up.

We watched mom crawled forward licking my cum and Linda cum off the floor as we
got up and followed Aunt Jane to the kitchen.  When we arrived, she demanded I
turn around and got a small spatula from the kitchen counter.

That yard in back hasn't been mowed in a week young man, she said.  I felt her
inserted the spatula end in my asshole as I clenched my asshole while was too
loose to prevent it.  Now get your ass out there and mow it now.  And don't lose
that spatula.

I practically ran out the back door with the spatula swaying wilding in my butt
I was so excited.  We had only one neighbor, Mrs. Green who was a single elderly
lady and besides I didn't care if she saw me or not, I was so horny.  I
immediately fixed the mow and started working the lawn.  Once I looked over and
saw Mrs. Green light on in the upstairs windows.  Hope she gets a good view, I
thought.  Probably will play with her cunt the rest of the night.  When I was
done, I put the mow back up and made my way in tired and exhausted.  I no longer
felt the spatula in my butt, as I had grown used to it being there.

Jane was still in the kitchen and Linda was beneath the table probably licking
her cunt as I entered.

Kathy pull the spatula from James butt.  James take a shower and report back to
me.

I waited till mom came over and easily pulled the spatula slide out of my sweaty
rear.  I then made my way upstairs totally exhausted and tired.  The bath would
feel so good, I thought.  As I got in the tub, my cock sprang up again with the
thoughts of everything that had happened that day.  I couldn't wait tired or not
to get back downstairs.

I forgot about time as I lay in the tub till mother opened the door staring at
my hard on pointing up.

Aunt Jane said to get your butt downstairs right now, she announced, licking her
lips as she watched me rise out the tub and towel off.  I could tell she wanted
to suck my cock dry but was afraid to do so without permission.  She finally
regained her composure and left the bathroom as I continued drying and went
downstairs.

Aunt Jane was seated on the couch with mom and Linda on their knees before her. 
Scissors and shaving cream was laid out on the sofa table with razors.

Get your butt down here now, Aunt Jane demanded.  I decided to have your cunts
and cocks shave she announced as I knelt on my knees before her.  That way, if
anyone sees you down there they will know who owns your ass.  Kathy will assist
me in shaving both of you.  Now James and Linda get on your backs now.

Both Linda and myself lay down on our backs on the carpet as Kathy and Jane got
the scissors and razors from the table.

Just so you won't be bored while we are working, we are going to sit on your
faces so you can put your little tongues to some good, she told us.

I watched mom straddle over Linda and then saw Jane walked over and step on each
side of my head.  Her ass was beautiful and I couldn't wait to get my tongue in
her puckered ass hole as she lowered it on down.  I started licking immediately
as it was seated noticing my hairs around my cock was being pulled and then cut. 
When she coated my cock area with shaving cream, I went wild in excitement
shoving my tongue as far as I could in her asshole, as it felt so good.   She
was very careful not to cut anything as she took her time enjoying the rimming I
was giving her.  Finally, she announced it was over and rose up as my tongue
popped out her butt hole disappointed.

Now get up little sluts, time to do mommy.  She has a lot more hair to trim.

Aunt Jane made Kathy stand in the middle of the room and told Linda to do her
pussy while I did her ass.  We took our time trimming her cunt and ass and then
pouring the shaving cream on them.  Aunt Jane watched to make sure we didn't cut
her as I could tell her cunt was dripping all over the floor trying to remain
still for us.  When we were finished, Aunt Jane demanded we use our tongues to
get her dry.  Mom was shaking wildly as I tongued her ass and Linda worked on
her cunt.  She came in no time almost falling to the floor before we could catch
her.

There are some new rules for this house, Aunt Jane stated.  Inside, each of you
will be naked at all times.  You will be given chores to do when you are home
and will be punished if they are not done to my liking.  If you want to have sex
with someone else, you will have him or her come to me and ask permission to use
my slave. You will do anything I tell you without question.  Do you understand
me sluts.

All of us were so horny we immediately replied that we agreed without even
thinking about it.

Good, Kathy go bring me the bag I brought with me.

Mother got up and went to Aunt Jane bedroom and returned with a large bag in her
hand.  She gave it to Jane who opened it up and we saw all kinds of toys in it. 
Immediately she pulled out the three butt plugs that were there.

Stand up and turn around sluts.  I am going to plug those fannies of yours so
you will have to ask permission to go to the bathroom.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





