BDSM Library - Black Mistress, White Family




Black Mistress, White Family
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Young black lady moves in with a white family, or should it be takes control of the white family.
Black Mistress, White Family I

Mary came home early and heard noises upstairs in the family bedroom.  Her
daughter Jenny was still in school so she figured Tom her husband must be there
working on something.  When she arrived at the bedroom and looked in, she saw
Tom in the middle of the room with only a pair of her see through negligee on. 
He was slightly bent forward and a young black lady in leather was sitting on
the bed with his belt in her hand.  She brought it down hard across his ass
cheeks as he thanked her and asked for another.  His ass was already red she
noticed and the sight of him displayed as such was making her wet in her pants
looking.  She reached down and started rubbing her cunt.  It had been a long
time since they had sex and lately it had been pretty poor at that.  She knew
she should stop it but looking at him this way was turning her on.

The girl had quit spanking his redden ass with the belt and demanded he bend
over and lift his nightee.  Mary had a marvelous view of his large ass with
stripes across it, as she rubbed harder.  The girl had withdrawn something from
her purse and she saw it was a black strap-on dildo almost the size of his cock. 
She watched her put it on and then slap his butt and told him to spread his ass. 
She watched her wimp husband reach back and spread his butt wishing it were she
that was going to shove it in his asshole.  The girl wasted no time pushing it
in as Tom groaned out in pain from the ass assault.  The girl was pumping hard
as Mary came in her pants and felt embarrassed at herself.  She ran back
downstairs to the other bathroom downstairs and took a quick shower.  She hadn't
been that horny in years.  Drying of she returned to the living room to find Tom
watching TV fully dressed.  The girl was nowhere in sight.

She knew she should call her lawyer and slap the hell out of him, but the images
were still in her mind and she couldn't get them out.  He told her he had hired
a young secretary at work and she didn't have a place to stay so he had offered
her the extra room upstairs till she could find something.

Mary at first was mad as hell and started to say something when she felt that
tingle in her pussy again.  Damn, she thought I must be a pervert or something. 
She wanted to tell him what she thought when Jenny arrived from school and said
she was going upstairs to study.  She was in her last year of high school and
presently researching colleges for next year.

Tom greeted her and told her they had a new roomie for a while in the room down
the hall till she found somewhere to stay.  Mary held her tongue and told her
that dinner would be ready in an hour and would she please tell the guest when
she got up there.

Mary went in the kitchen and started dinner.  Her thoughts were still on what
she had witness this evening and knew she should stop it now.  She just couldn't
bring herself to telling Tom.  She had kinky thoughts all her life but was
scared to bring them up to Tom for fear of being thought a pervert or something. 
She continued to prepare dinner getting wet at the thought of seeing him dressed
like that again.  When the dinner was almost done, she heard giggling sounds
behind and saw Jenny with Laura the young black lady entered and take a seat at
the table.  She ignored them as she prepared the plates and set them out.  
Laura was talking about some boy she knew and Jenny was smiling and giggling
with her.  When she told her, he had a large dick for his age; Mary stepped in
immediately and told her that they didn't talk about such things in this house. 
She noticed the cold stare the girl gave her and the embarrassment on Jenny face
as she returned to the meal as Tom came in and sat down.

Most of the meal was uneventful, as Mary found she had lost her appetite and
watched the girls talking about school.  She was surprised at herself.  If she
didn't know better she would have thought she was jealous or something.

Black Mistress, White Family II

After dinner, the girls went back upstairs and Tom told her he had to be at a
customer house tomorrow and decided he would leave tonight and find a hotel room
so he could get started early.  He would be home late tomorrow night or the next
morning.  Mary ignored him as he went up to pack and finished the dishes. 
Hearing the door close, she went into the living room and found a good movie on
the TV and settled down to watch it.  She dozed off on the couch with dirty
thoughts in her mind.

She woke up to noises upstairs and looked at the clock.  It was 3 am.  Who was
up at this time of the morning?  She walked up still drowsy and heard the noises
coming from the new girl's room.  Seeing the door slightly a jarred she looked
inside.

Laura was naked on the bed and Jenny was bent over the end of it with her face
planted in Laura pussy.  She could tell by Laura moaning that Jenny was licking
it.  Jenny was totally naked with her ass exposed to the doorway.  A plug was
inserted in her ass and her cheeks were slightly red.  They were not striped, as
Tom's had been but pink all over as it she had been hand spanked.  Jenny ass was
wiggling sideways as she licked.

Mary again felt the wetness between her legs and couldn't move to stop it.  What
a pervert she was she thought as her hand slipped back down to her pussy as she
watched her own daughter eating another girl's cunt.  She wished it were she as
she continued to rub her soaking wet pussy and admired the sight of Jenny ass,
which she hadn't seen for years.

Laura was telling her to work her clit better or she would have to spank her ass
again as Jenny ass cheeks tighten in back.  She started licking harder as Mary
heard Laura tell her that was better.  She saw Laura shake and then push Jenny
face back and turn over.

Lick my ass sugar, she said as Jenny started licking her large ass globes and
then making her way down the crack of her ass.  Mary came again as she watched
her start tonguing her asshole in between the globes. 

She hurried back to her room and closed the door.  Removing her clothes quickly
she jumped on the bed and started rubbing her cunt hard.  She put her other hand
underneath and pushed a finger in her asshole as she masturbated.  Her climax
was the best she had in years as she passed out on the bed.

The next morning she woke up and putting on a robe went down to prepare
breakfast.  She was going to stop this when Tom got back before it gets carried
away.   Her pussy was still wet with the images of him and Jenny and she knew
she probably couldn't look at them the same again.  Maybe she wasn't the only
perverted one in the house after all but she at least had some moral values and
this couldn't continue.  She completed breakfast and sat down for her cup of
coffee, when she heard the noises of the girls coming down.

Both girls had see thought nightee on with no panties or bras underneath.  Mary
was shocked at the sight of her own daughter coming down for breakfast dressed
liked this.

Young girl, she demanded.  Go back upstairs and change into something descent
before you sit down.

Why mom, there is no one here but us girls.  Quit being such a prune.  I'm grown
up now and not ashamed of the way I look.  She took a seat across the table next
to Laura who was staring at Mary with the same cold glance she had earlier.

Black Mistress, White Family III

Mary started to get up and slap her across the face but decided to ignore them
for present.  She watched Laura get up and walk over to the coffee pot to get a
cup and admired the shape of her ass as she wiggled it.  She was still staring
at it when Jenny asked her if she was looking at Laura butt.

Mary turned away immediately.  I was just looking to see if there was another
cup in the pot she lied.

It's a new pot mom.  I think you were looking at her ass.

Mary wanted to slap her for the way she said that.  But told her she was
mistaken at the thought and tried to hide by eating part of her meal.

Mom, you're all red in the face.  Laura, I think mom was admiring your ass. 
Weren't you mom?

Mary was trapped.  Her own daughter was pinning her down and she couldn't figure
a way out fast enough.

Yes she has a pretty ass and I was just looking and admiring it, as a normal
person would do with someone dressed that way.  Are you satisfied she yelled
back at Jenny?

Laura came back to the table next to Mary as she tried to ignore her.  She
lifted her nightee over her head as Mary glanced up slightly seeing her small
breasts and hairy pussy curls.  She turned away immediately tried to keep from
looking.

Laura turned around and bent over slightly with her ass exposed to her side.  Do
you like my ass best she asked?

Mary was stunned.  She saw Jenny's grin on the other side of the table and
glanced to the side to see Laura ass just a foot away from her face.  She could
see her puckered asshole sticking out at her as she fought the urge to plow in
and tongue it.  Her own pussy was wet with her humiliation of being turned on by
her daughter and the young lady.

Get your butt out of my face she demanded hoping she wouldn't.

I think mother wants to kiss your ass, Jenny teased from across the table as she
continued to stare at Laura ass.

Put you nose in my ass and smell it slut, Laura demanded.

Mary fought to get up and run but couldn't.  Slowly she pushed her face in Laura
big butt and smelled the scent of her asshole.  She knew her face must be red as
a beet as she continued to rub her nose on her anus.

That it slut.  Now start kissing my asshole and tell me you want to lick it.

Mary couldn't fight no longer as she started planting kissing on her asshole and
begging to be allowed to lick her beautiful ass.  Her own pussy was soaking wet
underneath her and a wet spot was forming on it.  When Laura told her to lick
it, she plowed her tongue inside working it in the tight hole forcing itself in. 
She was in heaven using her tongue as a dildo.  She could hear Laura moaning
above and her own daughter laughing at her.  When Laura pulled away, she almost
fell off her chair trying to keep her face planted in her butt.

Black Mistress, White Family IV

Mary was ashamed of her behavior.  She felt like an animal and dared not look at
her daughter.

Take off your robe and get on your necks slut, Laura demanded.

Mary disrobed and fell to her knees in front of the young black lady.  She was
staring at the dark bush only inches from her face hoping the command to lick
would come next.

Spank her fat ass, Jenny yelled.  She's use to spank mine all the time.

Laura walked around her and took a seat in her chair.  Over my lap, slut.  Time
to learn who's the boss in this house.

Timidly, Mary turned and draped herself over Laura knee.

Get me a spatula, Laura called to Jenny and if you don't hurry I'll use it on
your ass next.

Jenny jumped up and went to the kitchen drawer returning with the largest she
could find.

I'm going to teach you whom your ass belongs to now, Laura commented to Mary
down below.  Each time I beat your big ass, you are going to thank me and ask me
to spank my slut again.  Is that understood?

Yes mistress.

Slap.  Owwl.  Thank you mistress.  Please spank slut again.

Slap.  Ohhhh.  Thank you mistress.  Spank slut again... Ohhh..

The slaps were stinging Mary ass as she squirmed all over Laura lap.  Her ass
was on fire but her pussy was dripping all over Laura nightee.  She continued
asking to be punished till Laura finally stopped and rubbed her sore ass.

She pinched the cheeks with her thumb and forefinger.  Whose ass is this she
asked.

Yours mistress.  My ass belongs to you.

Good.  Jenny get me a carrot from the frig.

Jenny returned with the largest she could find.

I'm going to poke my pig in the ass, Laura called down.  Tell me to fuck your
ass slut.

Please mistress fuck my ass, Mary cried out in desperation to cum.  She tensed
her ass cheeks as she felt the carrot at the entrance to her puckered anus and
then the push inside.  Ohhhh, she cried out as the carrot fully inserted itself
inside.

Now that I'm the boss in this house there's no need to hide anything anymore. 
Jenny removed your nightee.  From now on no one wears any clothes unless I give
them permission.  Is that understood sluts.

Yes mistress both said as Jenny removed her nightee and let it fall to the
floor.

Black Mistress, White Family V

From now on all of you including Tom will be my toys to enjoy.  Is that
understood slut, Laura asked slapping Mary hard on the ass cheek?

Yes mistress, Mary yelled out.

Get off my lap slut.  I have invited my parents over for the weekend and the
house needs cleaning.  You will clean it will the plug in your ass and report
back here when it is done.  She slapped Mary ass hard as she got up.  Move it
slut.

Mary started waddling out the kitchen, as Laura demanded Jenny to get on her
knees and lick her pussy.  She wished it were she as she grabbed whatever
cleaning supplies she needed and started working on the living room first.  The
carrot made it hard to concentrate and her only thoughts were getting back to
her mistress and licking that beautiful cunt of hers.  Boy will Tom be surprised
when he gets home she thought running up to the bedrooms to make the bed and
pick up dirty clothes.  She hurried cleaning up the bathroom and returned
downstairs to find Jenny standing with her nose in the corner of the room.  Her
ass had just received a good spanking, which Mary decided she probably needed. 
She walked over and got on her knees in front of Laura sitting on the chair.

Laura raised her foot up to her face and started rubbing it across it while she
tried to lick at it pressing against her mouth.

Is my slut horny, she asked?

Yes mistress, slut is horny, Mary replied doing her best to lick the foot bottom
pressing down on her nose and mouth.

Good said Laura, mom and dad will be here shortly.  Crawl on your knees and put
your face in your daughter ass.

Mary turned and crawled across the room to Jenny still in the corner and pressed
her face in her ass.  They remained there for at least twenty minutes till the
doorbell rang.

Don't move sluts, Laura yelled and opened the door.

Mary could hear voices nearby and laughter.  They were commented on her and
Jenny ass and tits as both remained fix in their positions in humiliation. 
Finally Laura released them and told them to crawl to the center of the room for
inspection.

An elder black couple was standing there as they crawled forward.  The gentleman
had removed all his clothing and his huge black cock was sticking out.  The lady
overweight had removed everything but her panties and Laura was sitting on the
couch watching.

The man told his wife he was going to inspect their mouths while she said she
was going to inspect their tails.  Both remained with head down as the man
stepped forward and raising Mary head proceeded to put his cock at her mouth
entrance while demanded she open up.  As she did, his cock plowed inside almost
halfway in forcing her to breathe heavy through her nose.  At the same time she
felt the carrot being pushed deeper in her ass causing her to move forward
taking the cock deeper in her throat.  She keep sucking as her ass was being
fucked in back till the man finally quit.

Good whore here he told his daughter.  When you get tired of her you can always
sell her as a whore.

Black Mistress, White Family VI

Mary watched as he stepped over to Jenny and demanded the she do the same.  Mary
never ever thought Jenny had ever suck cock before and was surprised as she
almost swallowed his cock the first time.  Her lips stretched to the max.  She
watched her jump and knew the mother must have probed her ass with a finger or
two in back as her look of lust changed to despair till with the cock deeply
implanted in her mouth.  She kept at it till he finally redrew.

When will the wimp husband be home, Laura mother asked? 

Later tonight, Laura replied.  I loaned him out to a friend for the night.  Hope
he's not damaged by the time he gets back.

Mary was stunned at the comment.  That bastard she thought as she watched the
couple take a seat beside Laura on the couch.

Come here fuck face, Laura mother commanded of her.  Mary saw her remove her
panties and spread her legs wide as she crawled forth knowing what was about to
come.  She didn't have to wait long as she grabbed the back of her head by the
hair and shoved her face down in her crotch.  She started licking as hard as she
could, as her breath was hard to get in her hairy bush.  She heard Jenny
demanded to come over by the dad and knew what she was going to have to do.  
She felt weird but hoped it was her next after Jenny was done.

I need a ass to fuck the man yelled.  This one I don't think is ready for a man
yet.

Use fuck face, she heard the woman say from above and pushed her head back. 
Come here bitch and finished what your worthless mother started.

Mary watched as Jenny crawled over and pushed her face where hers was just
minutes before.  She felt her hair being pulled up and then pushed down to the
floor so that her face was planted on the carpet.  The carrot was being removed
from her butt as she cried out as it popped out.

Please, be careful she cried back as she felt his cock at the entrance to her
ass in back and then the pain as it entered the opening of her butt.  It was
larger than Tom and she had only allowed him to do it once since it hurt so bad
that time.  She tried to accumulate it by loosing her ass muscles as much as she
could as the pain was incredible as it entered deeper.  Finally it was in and
she was starting to get use to it.  Her pussy had taken over again as it was
dripping wet as he started working it slowly back and in again.  She would never
had thought she would enjoy it but at present it felt so good as she pushed back
to help it thrust deeper.  She was a whore in heat and needed relief soon.  She
was rocking as fast as he was thrusting and almost came when she felt his load
entered her bowels.  She wanted more and tried to rock to keep it hard as she
felt him withdraw it out.

Please, she yelled.  Don't stop now.

Laura was laughing at her on the couch as her dad sit back down.  Kicking Mary
on the ass, she told her to get her lazy ass in the kitchen and bring back some
drinks for everyone.  She yelled at her to clean her ass while she was there.

Mary got up and walloped out the room clenching her ass cheeks together to
prevent leakage in back.  She felt cum on the back of her legs and reaching down
rub it and then put it to her mouth and licked.  She wanted to get back
immediately for a piece of that cock again.

Black Mistress, White Family VII

Mary arrived in the kitchen and quickly cleaned her ass at the sink basin.  She
was as hot as she had ever been in her life.  Quickly, she prepared drinks on a
platter and returned to the living room for further humiliation and abuse.  She
wanted to swallow that cock whole.

Jenny was busy on her knees servicing Laura pussy as she noticed her daughter
cunt dripping from behind.  Laura demanded that she get on her knees and offer
each parent a drink, which she immediately did.    Laura dad was to be called
Master John and his wife Mistress Kat.  After serving the drinks, she was
demanded to get on her hands and knees and act as a footstool for them to rest
their feet on and enjoy the drink.  It was hard to remain still with the weight
on her back and her pussy clenching underneath.  Jenny was told to get up and
perform for the guests.  She had to dance and spread her privates as they
watched in amusement.  Finally, they let her rest on the floor on her back and
lift her legs back to her tits so they could continue to view her privates.

Mistress Kat decided it was time to have some fun with Mary as she was told to
stand up and put her hands on top of her head.  She got up and walked over and
gripping her nipples started pulling and stretching them while she moaned from
the tugging.  Several times she reached down and grabbed her pussy hairs telling
her to dance while she tugged on it.  She was then commanded to go upstairs and
bring back a pair of scissors, razor, tweezers, and shaving cream.  Mary feared
what was coming next but her pussy was out of control as she ran up the stairs
while they laughed at her wagging ass running up.  Returning with the items, she
was commanded to get in the same position as Jenny on the floor.

They watched as Laura got up and helped her mother.  Taking the scissors in
turn, they started cutting the pussy hairs from Mary and Jenny as each watch
their most private part be cut away.  When it was down to almost nothing, they
sprayed their cunts with shaving cream and took their time shaving the cunt
totally bald.  Laura was telling them they would be branded on another day in
the future.  Finally, they took the tweezers and started plucking their ass
hairs out as both Mary and Jenny cried out and wiggled from the pull.   It hurt
as they suffered though the ordeal.  Both ladies needed to pee back from the
cream on their privates and were asking permission to go to the bathroom.  Laura
told them to go out back and asked her dad if her had brought the items she
requested for training.   He got up and told her he would get them immediately
and walked out the front to the cars while Mary and Jenny both ran out the back
to find a place in the yard to pee.

When they returned through the kitchen door, they saw Master John hammering
something on the kitchen chairs.  Laura called them over too see.  Three plastic
dongs were nailed to the bottom of the chairs as Laura explained that when they
came down to eat, this was to be their chairs to sit in.  She made each of them
squat down on their dongs to see it they fit.  Both Mary and Jenny struggled to
get their asses fully down in the chairs as they finally achieved their goals
and felt their asses totally stuffed.  Master Bob pushed their chairs under the
table so the ladies were pinned against it.  He went to prepare the other
surprises as Laura asked her mother if she wanted to help her feed the slaves.

Kat was more than willing as each of them got up on the table and turned around
so their asses were pointed as Jenny and Mary faces.  Mary watched as Kat large
ass came backwards on her face pinning it inside and assumed Jenny was getting
the same treatment.  They were told to eat ass as Mary started tonguing the
large hairy ass in her face.

She licked and licked her asshole as if it was a full meal.  She hoped Bob would
get home soon and get his.

Black Mistress, White Family VIII

Mary tongue felt totally dry licking Kat ass out with the full weight of her
butt on her face.  Her ass was pinned down fully on the dildo and she felt like
she was taking a dump at the same time.  She was doing her best to get Kat off
and off her face when the doorbell rang.

That's must be limp dick coming home, she heard Laura laughingly say from the
side.  I'll go greet him while you help the sluts off their plugs.

Mary was totally relieved as the weight of Kat ass was finally removed from her
face.  She didn't even want to look at Jenny to her side.  When Kat told them to
get their lazy asses up.  It took everything she had to get her legs moving and
unplugged herself from the pong below.  She felt like her ass had been totally
widened by at least two inches.  Kat told them to follow her as she led them
back to the living room.  Jenny was ahead as she stared down at her asshole
through the crack of her butt.  She felt horrible being excited looking at her
daughter's abused ass but she didn't care anymore.  She was a slut now and
wanted to stay that way.

At the door another black lady dressed in a black outfit was talking to Laura. 
Tom was on his haunches naked on the floor with his hands locked to each of his
ankles like he was taking a dump.  A small funnel was tied in his mouth around
his head and all his public hair had been removed except for his head hair.  A
leash was attached around his neck, which the girl was holding in her hand and
nipple clamps were attached to his small tits.  A blindfold was over his eyes. 
Mary almost came looking at her wimp husband in such a humiliation position. 
Laura was thanking the girl for her training of him.  From the conversation, she
gathered her had been butt fucked several times that day and been a cum dump for
several men.  The girl said they had to give him an enema to clean his ass out
before they brought him over.  She gave him a kick on the ass in back and Tom
blew his horn, which made a honk sound as Mary almost peed on herself trying to
hold back from laughing.  The girls told several guys out side to bring the
stuff in and sit it in the living room dragging Tom out of the way hopping long. 
Three of four large boxes and several small boxes were brought in and left in
the room.  The girl gave Laura the lease and told her to have fun.  Looking a
Mary, she asked if she could borrow her later, which Laura readily agreed to
with Mary concerned look on her face.  The last item Mary noticed was a rocking
horse about 3 feet high, which had a 6-inch dong sticking up in the middle. 
Mary eyes glowed at the sight wishing she could sit on that right now.

Master Bob had returned and slit the boxes open for the ladies while everyone
watched wondering what was in them.  Laura told Kat she could play with limp
dick for a while as Kat grabbed his leash and led him hopping to the couch not
daring to look at his daughter or wife along the way.

Kat told Master Bob to have a seat.  It was time for his reward for his hard
work.  She led Tom over so that his face was inches from Bob cock.  Reaching in
back she cupped his balls in her hands and gave them a tight squeeze as Tom
started honking his horn.

I'm going to remove your horn and you better suck Hubby cock well if you want to
keep these things she said squeezing hard again and the sound of Tom honk was
blowing.  She unhooked the horn and removed it from his mouth.  Barely giving
him anytime to swallow, she pushed his head down in Bob lap forcing Bob cock
deep in his mouth.  She laughed as he started bobbing his head up and down on it
and still holding his balls started slapping his ass as he sucked.  When you get
it nice and hard, Bob is going to shove it up your white ass while I have a
turn, she said.

Black Mistress, White Family IX

Laura meanwhile took Jenny by the hand and led her to the rocking horse.  She
made her lower her pussy down on it till it was fully inserted.  Mary could see
the look of lust in her eyes and knew she was loving the feeling and
disappointed it was not her.  Laura lower her head over the reins and strapped
her back to the chair as the dildo could be seen in back with her ass sticking
up over the back of the horse.  She swatted her ass several times causing the
chair to rock and Mary noticed the cock was withdrawing slightly with the rock
and going fully back in when it rocked back.  Laura eyes were glaze as she
rocked and Mary pussy was soaking wet watching between her husband blowing Bob
and Laura fucking the horse.

Kat meanwhile had traded places with Bob as Tom mouth was now fully implanted in
her hairy bush.  She watched Bob spread Tom ass and pushed his cock in his
asshole as Tom screamed out from down below.  Serve the bastard right she
thought drooling at the sight.

Laura woke her up from the side with a black rubber outfit, which she told her
to put on.  Mary step inside the legs of it and noticed several dongs in the
crotch area, which Laura adjusted and help with.  One was inserted in her
asshole, which was sore, and Laura took her time to help her out.  The older
slid in almost immediately in her cunt, which felt so good and was three times
larger.  The outfit was then pulled up around her neck and slipped up.  Laura
then left her and came back with a rubber hood, which she draped over her head. 
There was an opening for her nose area only and a slipper where her mouth was. 
She was totally disappointed she couldn't see and barely heard what was going on
nearby.  She felt the zipper being opened and then a dildo was forced in her
mouth causing it to open all the way in pinning her tongue to the bottom of her
mouth.  Something else was attached to her neck and she guess it was a leash of
some kind.

Get on all fours slut, Laura commanded.

Mary slowly lowered herself in her tight outfit to the floor.  The dildo was
shoved deep in her cunt and ass as she groaned in pleasure at the discomfort. 
She remained there for at least two minutes when she felt a tug on the leash and
a paddle slap her ass across her butt plug causing her to jump forward. 

Crawl bitch, she heard the command from above.

She felt totally awkward trying to crawl with the dildo shoved up her twat and
ass.  Her ass had to swing heavy to the side, as the dildo would shift in the
direction her leg move.  She felt the paddle several more times on her ass
forcing the butt plug roughly in deeper as she went.  She was cumming as she
crawled as the dildo in her cunt was driving her wild.  After what seem like an
eternity, she came shaking violently almost dropping to the floor and
collapsing.

Did I tell you to cum slut, Laura yelled slapping her ass several times in back.

Mary didn't care anymore and came again with the slaps.  It was her best fuck
ever and it wasn't even a real cock.  She'll take her punishment later, she
thought enjoying the feeling.  She felt the leash released and put her head to
the floor to relaxed.  She could heard noises in the background and knew the
other were still having fun.  At present, she only wanted to enjoy the moment. 
She hoped Laura had more toys in those boxes for her slut.  She was now the
girl's bitch and would do anything she wanted.

Black Mistress, White Family X


Finally, she felt her hair being lifted up and her hood was removed as she tried
to focus her eyes still on all fours on the floor.  She looked up and could see
Jenny ass only feet from her face on the horse.  Her ass was crisscrossed with
streaks and knew she had been whipped well with riding crop only inches away. 
Cum was dripping on both sides of the horse and she knew she had come also.  She
also looked over and saw Master Bob fucking his wife on her precious couch,
which she never even allowed anyone to eat at.  Her husband was behind them
trading off licking Bob or Kat ass in turn.  Her pussy and asshole was sore
beyond belief but still damp in excitement.

She felt Laura unzipping her outfit in back and then helping her pull it off. 
The plugs ached bad as they came out and then the lifting of one leg and then
the other to complete the removal.  She stayed panting on all fours on the floor
with no fight left.  Laura put her foot on her back and pushed her flat to the
floor.

Better rest while you can slut.  I'll be back later to get you.

She drifted off to sleep.

She was awakened a few hours later by a sharp sting to her ass.  Looking to the
side, she saw Laura standing there with a riding crop in her hand.  She forced
herself up aware of the soreness between her legs and thighs and walked briskly
for the kitchen.  Jenny was already there with small bells attached to her
nipples that rang as she moved.  Kat was there also and told her to come to her
now.  She made her stand still and then put a clip on her pussy with a bell
dangling down from it.

If you loss this bell, I'll shove it up your ass.  Now prepare us a meal.  We're
hungry.

Mary walked with her legs apart to the freezer.  Jenny was tossing a salad off
to the side and neither did anymore than glanced at each other, as they got busy
with the preparations.  Laura came in and started talking to her mother.  They
stopped talking several times to demand one thing or another from the woman. 
When Jenny had the salad done, Kat let her sit in her lap so she could lick her
bountiful tits which Jenny was more than eager to do.  Kat would reach down and
tug on her pussy while she sucked.  Mary was ashamed of her daughter but at the
same time wished it were her sucking on the huge mounds.  That damn clip was
keeping her pussy moist with excitement.  When dinner was done, Kat told Jenny
to go upstairs and get Master John and limp dick down for dinner.  Be sure to
ring your bells for them she was told while leaping off Kat lap and jogging out.

Mary sat the table for 6 and proceeded to put pasta and salad fittings on the
table.  She prepared 6 glasses of ice tea which Laura demanded she pour three of
them back out and just put the empty glasses at their seats.  Master John came
in with pitiful Tom crawling behind and Jenny on his back slapping his ass as he
crawled.  John looked extremely tired and submissive to Mary as he crawled in.

Laura demanded the slaves take their seats as each grimaced their faces and
started the task of trying to get the dildo in their sore butts.  Jenny didn't
have much trouble, but Mary's and Tom's were both extremely sore from the brutal
fucking of John cock.  John said he would serve drinks tonight and then picked
up Tom glass and started pissing in it till it was full.  Mary watched in horror
as he did hers and Jenny afterwards.  The thought of drinking his piss with her
meal, which she was dying to eat, took most of the favor out of it.  She started
to pick up her fork to eat when Kat told her with no uncertain terms that slaves
ate with mouth only.  Jenny quickly plowed her face into her plate and started
sucking up the pasta along with Tom as Mary resigned and began also.  Her nose
was buried in the pasta as she used her tongue to pick up the noodles and suck
them down.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





