BDSM Library - A Cabin Trip With the Maid




A Cabin Trip With the Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A daughter finds out that the maid is the true mistress of the house.
A Cabin Trip With the Maid

Lucy was upset that mom insisted on taking the maid up to their cabin in the
woods.  It had always been their private adventure since Dad died and they
normally went there once a year.  She had just completed high school and wanted
this to be her special trip.  Besides the maid was a large black lady who was
extremely bossy.  Several times she had insisted that her mother fire her only
to be recommended by her mother.

They had arrived late that night and the cabin was in wreck.  The maid Dora and
mom Jean said they would tidy up a bit before bedtime while Lucy just ignored
them and made her bed.  She was awakened by strange sounds in the cabin main
room.  Slowly getting up, she walked quietly to the bedroom door and opened it
slightly so she could view inside.

Her mom was on all fours and naked.  She was crawling around picking up things
in her mouth and carrying them to where they belong while Dora was walking
behind her.  She had a large black paddle in her hand and Lucy watched in horror
as she would bring it down squarely on Jean big ass making her leap forward in
response.

How dare you talk to me like that, Dora was saying.  I let you keep your secret
from that bitch of a daughter of yours for months and this is what I get?  You
bitch.  Take that, she said, striking her ass very hard with the paddle as it
jerked upward in response.

She slapped Jean ass several times quickly with the paddle as Jean continued
crawling with a wad of paper in her mouth towards the garbage can.

Well tomorrow, she continued, she is going to find out what you really are.  My
bitch.  How do you like that bitch?  I'm going to make your daughter my bitch
just like her mother.

Dora was shaking her head sideways but continued to crawl as she finally reached
the trashcan and dumped the paper only to crawl again to pick up something else.

Lucy watched her mother and the maid.  She couldn't believe she was seeing it. 
She wanted at first to go out and do something about it but the maid was much
larger then her and her own mother wasn't even trying to stop it.  She also
noticed she was leaking wet spots between her legs as she crawled on.  Despite
her anger and fear, Lucy herself was getting wet watching the two.  She was
ashamed of her feeling watching her own mother getting her ass spanked by the
maid but at the same time her cunt was aching for a rubbing as she reached down
to oblige it.

Break time bitch, Dora commanded.  Come get your treat.

Lucy watched as a tearful Jean crawled behind Dora and pushed her head up inside
her dress from behind.  She could hear the slurping sounds as Jean ass was
wiggling in back like a dog being given a treat or something.

Tomorrow, I going to make that cunt daughter of yours eat my ass out, bitch. 
Maybe her tongue is good for something other than talking, Dora continued.

Lucy was rubbing in earnest now.  The sight and tone of Dora voice was driving
her wild in excitement as she stroked harder on her cunt.  Despite herself, she
wished it were her down there instead of her mother.  Dora had a large ass, she
could see underneath the hem of her dress but right now it didn't matter as she
stroked and stroked.

Follow me bitch.  When we get to the bedroom your are going to wag that tongue
of yours up and down my clit or I'm going to beat that white ass of yours red
before you go to bed, Dora said.

A Cabin Trip With the Maid II

Lucy watched Dora walked away towards the other bedroom with her mother eagerly
crawling behind.  The sight was too much as she came in her panties.  Going back
to the bed, she could hear noises in the other bedroom but not the words as she
found herself getting hornier and hornier with the thought of what might be
happening in there.  After she came twice more, she finally drifted off to sleep
exhausted and sexually fulfilled for the night.

Honey, time to walk up.  Breakfast is done.

Lucy heard her mother voice from the doorway.  She slowly got up.  Was last
night a nightmare she thought trying to remember everything.  She wasn't horny
now and the thought of last night was repulsive as she put on her pajamas and
heading for the cabin kitchen.  Maybe her mother was a lesbian and they were
just playing some kinky game.  Her mother had the right she supposed but the
thought didn't sound very pleasant to her.

As she entered Dora and Jean were both seated on the small cabin table.  Both
ladies had nothing but their nightgowns on.  Lucy took a seat in between as the
ladies said nothing but continued to eat during her arrival.  Lucy felt awkward
but definitely didn't want to bring up what she thought she had seen last night. 
The food was hard to digest as she ignored them and tried to finish her meal.

Dora, Lucy could use more orange juice, do you mind getting her some?  Jean
asked politely.

Yes I do.  Get your ass up and pour her some.  Dora commanded.

Lucy looked up in shock and could see the same look on her mother face.  It
seemed as if time stopped for a few seconds as both her mother and Dora stared
at each other.  Finally she saw her mother look down and start to get up.

Of course, I'll get it.  It's closer to me anyway, Jean said.  She got up to
Lucy dismay and started toward the sink.

While you're up, drop that gown you white piece of trash, Dora commanded.

Lucy watched in horror as her mother froze in her tracks.  She just stood there
with her back to them like she was frozen to the floor.

You heard me bitch.  Drop the gown now!  Dora yelled as loud as she could.

Lucy watched in surprise as her mother reached and started unbuttoning her gown
and then let it drop to the floor.  She was totally naked standing there as Lucy
could see red welts across the large white cheeks of her ass.

Well what are you waiting for?  Your cunt daughter wants her drink.  Get it.  
Dora continued as Lucy continued to stare in disbelief.

She watched her mother start walking towards the sink with her ass jiggling in
back and start pouring her drink.  Lucy wanted to say something but couldn't
find her voice as she continued to watch.

Bring it back between those two sagging tits of yours bitch, Dora commanded.

Jean turned around and placed the glass of orange juice between her large tits
holding it tight between them.  Her face was totally flushed red as she looked
down in humiliation.  Lucy watched in awe as she slowly started making her way
to the table.

A Cabin Trip With the Maid III

Lucy watched in awe as Jean finally made her way to the table with the orange
juice glass firmly tight between her massive globes.  She just stood there
looking to the side as Lucy stared at her.

Better take your glass of juice before your mommie tities freeze, Dora
exclaimed.

Her voice woke Lucy up as she quickly reached up and grabbed the glass noticing
the red marks between her tits where it had been.

Let's have a contest, Dora continued.  Jean fuck your pussy with your finger
till little Lucy here finishes her drink.  Don't you dare come or you'll know
what will happen!

Lucy watched her mother shove two fingers in her cunt avoiding her look and
started working them in and out.  She hestitated watching her as she noticed her
mother face of agony and then realized that she was already close to cumming. 
Her own pajamas had a wet spot in front as she started to drink.  She was close
to complete when she hear Jean moan and witness her body shaking.

Bad mommie.  Get that spacula and bring it here bitch, Dora yelled.

Jean turned around and walked back retrieving the spacula.

Assume the position bitch.

Lucy watched as her mother spread her legs wide and put her hands up behind her
head.  She watched Dora bring the spacula up with a quick motion between her
legs and the thup of it on her cunt.  Jean yep in pain as her thighs tried to
close together in response but quickly spread them wide again.

Thump, thump, thump.

Jean was crying and begging for mercy as her ass and thighs were shaking
violently in response to the slapping of her cunt.  Lucy was horrified but so
excited watching it that she was leaking all over her cotton pajamas.

Are you going to disobeyed me again cunt, Dora asked.

No mistress, please mistress, Jean yelled.

Crawl your butt over to that corner and put your nose where it belongs bitch,
Dora commanded.

Jean did just what she was told dropping immediately to all fours and crawling
to the corner like a dog well trained.  She stuck her nose at the lowest point
with her big butt sticking straight up for Lucy viewing.

Your turn cunt.  It's your fault she was punished.  Now get your butt out of
that chair and come here now.

Lucy was stunned at Dora command and the firmness of her stir but she was close
to cumming herself and so excited between her legs she couldn't resist.  Slowly
she got up and walked over to the large ebony lady seated who had just beaten up
on her mother.

Well bitch, Dora said, looks like your daughter is just another bitch like you. 
Her pajama is soaking wet.

A Cabin Trip With the Maid IV

Lucy was embarrassed and totally red as she approached.  Dora grabbed her right
earlobe and twisted it as she yelled out in pain.  She found herself being
lowered over the woman broad lap and felt her pajama bottom being lowered down.  
Dora started rubbing her cunt with her hand.

Does my bitch like this, she asked?

Yes mistress, Lucy replied, as she spread her legs wide to allow the woman more
access to her cunt.  She was near cumming and didn't want to stop now.  She felt
her hand withdraw in disappointment.

Slap, slap, slap.

Owwlllll, Lucy yelled.

Slap, slap.

Please no more, she yelled, squirming on Dora lap.  She had never been spanked
before and Dora was showing no mercy on her virgin ass.

Please, no more, please mistress, she yelled.

Take this you little whore.  Bitch.  Beg to be my bitch.

Yes mistress.  I'm a bitch.  I'm your bitch.  Lucy was yelling words she never
knew she had heard as the pain on her ass  was getting worst and worst.  She was
crying and begging whatever she thought Dora wanted to hear.

Dora finally stopped.

Crawl under the table bitch and eat my cunt or I'll continue this longer.

Lucy dropped down from Dora lap on all fours and crawled underneath.  She could
see Dora large hairy cunt underneath her nightgown and pushed her head between
her large thighs. The smell was not as bad as she suspected as she started
running her tongue up and down her cunt lips.

A natural cunt just like her mother, Dora said.  Bitch bring my bag from the
bedroom, she yelled at Jean.

Lucy continued licking up and down on Dora cunt.  Her own cunt was soaking wet
and she needed relief herself.  Dora large thighs were pressing her ears so she
barely heard what Dora had told her mother.  She started working her tongue
inside till she found her opening and started using her tongue as a dildo.  She
could hear Dora moaning from above and knew she must be doing a pretty good job
for her first time.  Dora was now grabbing her hair and pushing her face deeper
and deeper in her cunt.

That's it pet.  Fuck my cunt with your tongue.  You're almost as good as your
mom. 

Lucy heard footsteps and knew Jean must have come back with the thump of
something on the table.  She continued licking till she felt Dora come on her
face and started lapping her lips to get all her cunt juices.  She felt Dora
pull her hair till her head was up to her waist.

I want you to watch this, she said.  Your turn will be coming soon.

Bitch, she yelled at Jean.  Prepare yourself for your plugging.

Lucy watched as Jean took a black butt plug from the bag and started pushing it
in and out her mouth.  When it was wet, she handed it to Dora and then turned
around and bent over presenting her with a large view of her ass which she
spread wide.

Shove my plug up my big ass mistress, Jean yelled from in front.  Fuck my big
butt.

A Cabin Trip With the Maid V

Lucy watched in awe as Dora started working the plug up her mother's asshole.   
Her mother was moaning as the intruder made it's way slowly inside with only the
end sticking out.  Her mother stood up releasing her large ass globes.

Thank you mistress for plugging my large white ass, she said.

Dora slapped her right ass cheek.  Get your butt back in the living room bitch
and finish cleaning what you didn't get to last night, she demanded.

Her mother immediately dropped to all fours and began crawling towards the cabin
living room area with her ass swaying to each side.  Lucy watched her proceed
around the end of the table.

Your turn my little cunt.  Get your butt up here now, Dora commanded.

Lucy immediately crawled out and assumed the position her mother had earlier.  
Please plug my big ass mistress, she stated.

I only have one plug and your mother has that one, Dora laughed.  She heard Dora
ruffling through the bag.  Spread your cunt lips bitch, she demanded.

Lucy released her ass cheeks and reached down pulling her cunt lips to the side. 
She felt something cold at the entrance and looked to see a black rubber dong
between her legs.  The thing was huge as she watched Dora slowly start working
it in her cunt.  She was so wet and loose it had little resistance even though
it was so large it felt as if her whole cunt was filled to the limit.  She had
experimented for years putting carrots and other things in it but never
something this large.  If she hadn't been so wet it probably would have torn her
apart.

She felt a hard slap to her ass.

Get your butt in the bathroom and clean it, Dora commanded.  It better be clean
by the time I come in to check it out.  And don't lose that plug if you know
what is good for you.

Lucy slowly stood up releasing her cunt lips, which gripped the dildo tightly. 
She tried to walk but found she had to get her legs apart like she was walking
sideways as much as forward.  She saw some cleaning tools on the counter and
bent over only to feel the dildo push deeper in her cunt making her struggle to
grab the supplies.

Hurry up bitch.  What's wrong?  Can't walk.  Maybe I have to beat that ass of
yours again to show you how, Dora laughed.

Lucy grabbed as much as she could fearing another spanking and started moving as
fast as she could to the bathroom.  She was horny as hell and wanted nothing
better than to reach down and massage her clit but not at the cost of her ass. 
Dora laughter was humiliating as she proceeded but at the same time was driving
her wild with excitement.

When she arrived in the bathroom, she noticed the place was a mess and knew she
had her work cut out for her.  She started on the shower area scrubbing the
walls and drains and then proceeded to the sink.  Her mind couldn't think about
anything but the strange feeling between her legs and knew she couldn't go back
to a normal life now.  She was daydreaming about licking Dora while cleaning the
john when she heard the door open behind her.

What! You're not done yet, Dora exclaimed.

Lucy felt a sharp strike on her ass globes pointing back towards the door and
then another one.  The pain was unbearable as she yelled out in pain.  Dora had
hit her ass with her own belt.

Get busy slut and you better hurry up.  If I have to come back in here, I'll use
this on those tiny white tits of yours.

Lucy heard the door shut and immediately started cleaning as fast as she could. 
Damn her ass hurt.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





