BDSM Library - Big Mama New Gifts




Big Mama New Gifts
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Big mama is given a couple of new gifts from her daughter.  A white slave couple.
Big Mama New Gifts I

Big Mama Doreen was excited.  Her daughter had given her a new Christmas present
this year.  Of course, her daughter was a dominatrix.

Last year it was a white salesman she had enslaved and given her.  She had used
him for her pleasure for over 8 months before she tired of him and gave him to
her sister Doris.  This year, her daughter promised her a white couple whom she
had enslaved this year and inherited all their wealth.  The man was a lawyer;
she had told her while the wife was a teacher.  She had driven over 700 miles to
arrive at her new home (their old home) and was wet thinking about how and what
she could do with them.  Her daughter had sent her their key to the home and
told her they would be tied up and ready when she arrived.  She wanted to take
her time and make them suffer longer but her pussy was tingling with excitement
so she drove straight up.

The place was fairly isolated in the woods she noticed and when she drove up if
was a very nice two-story house that must have cost a lot.  Her daughter had
made them take a week vacation for their initial training with her but told her
they had to return to work afterwards to make her money so she could live the
life of luxury her daughter planned for her.  The couple was experienced and had
a dungeon in the basement of their home.  The daughter had used them plenty of
times in the past and felt like Big Mama could train them much better.

She got out the car and opened the door with the key.  She saw two big white
asses staring at her as she entered the door.  They had been tied up with their
hands cuffed in back and tied to the roof raffle above.  This made their heads
come down to their knees and their asses were poking straight up for her
inspection.  Their ankles were also tied to maintain their position.  She knew
their mouths would be plugged as normal.  She stood in the doorway and admired
their asses.  The man had a tight ass with hair in the crack.  His asshole had
been used several times in the past.  He was in his 40s at least.  The wife on
the other hand was also in her 40s and had a large ass with well-developed tits
she noticed underneath.  Both had bumps on their butts, which she enjoyed
looking at after a good hard spanking.  Before she got through with them those
assholes would clench on her command.  Her daughter had done good she thought as
she reached down and stroked her cunt through her dress several times.

Slowly she walked up behind the couple noticing they had earmuffs on and
couldn't hear her as she approached.  This was going to be enjoyable.  She
watched them squirmed in their bondage moving their ass and legs trying to get
some relief.  Their tiny little assholes were just poking out wanting attention. 
She quickly undressed.  Being rather large her big black boobs huge down as she
rubbed them in pleasure of the sucking they were going too get.

Standing behind each of them she put a hand behind their butts and pointed a
finger at their brownie holes.  Time to wake up and pleasure me, she thought, as
she shoved her finger quickly up each of their asses at the same time.  She
smiled at the thought of how sore their assholes would be later.  They jump with
the intrusion clenching their ass cheeks tight around her finger in surprise. 
Oh she just loved to torture new white slaves.

She started shoving her finger in and out their asses enjoying their groans and
panic.  There was nothing they could do to protect their butts.   Their butts
were wiggling madly but their arms strained above prevented any movement of any
use.  She kept toying with their butt holes for a while noticing her daughter
had let her a lot of new toys on the couch she could play with.  She pulled her
fingers out watching their holes tighten back up and went to the couch and got a
nice big paddle.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Big Mama New Gifts II

First she got behind the man and took good aim before slamming the paddle across
his butt cheeks making a nice red spot on the cheeks.  It was so exciting to
hear the paddle sound on his tight little ass.  She gave him twenty good licks
enjoying his wiggling and screams in his mouth plug.  Stepping aside, she move
to the woman with the bigger ass and rubbed her pussy at the thought of paddling
her fat ass.  She laid the paddle hard across her bums gleaming in delight as
they shook with her first hit.  She continued till her ass was as red as her
husband who was remaining limp in his bondage.  Enough for the fun and games,
she thought, It was time for her to have some fun now.

Walking in front of the couple, she allowed them to see her lower half for the
first time.  She enjoyed their look of fear as they tried to look up from
between their knees.  Their faces were just about in the proper place to please
her large hairy cunt aas she started masturbating in front of them.  She reached
down and pulled the man hair upward forcing his face in her snatch while she
immediately rotated her hips to push her cunt all over his face.  She came in no
time masturbating on his nose and let his head drop back down afterwards.

She knew the female would be expecting the same but Doris had a special dislike
for white females.  Several times in the past they had screwed her on the job
and she enjoyed getting back at them.  She walked to the front of the woman and
turn around presenting her a close up view of her huge black ass.  She gave her
a few moments to realize her plight before reaching back and grabbing her head
to lift her head.  Knowing she had it properly positioned, she leaned back till
her nose was deep in her crack.  Then she started rocking up and down on it
maintaining the woman position by her hair.  Soon her tongue was going to be in
it she thought but right now she wanted her to get a good sniff of it.  Maybe a
nice brown nose for now.  She didn't want her to stay too long in that position,
as she knew she would have trouble breathing between her huge ass globes.  She
pushed her face back with her butt as she walked away leaving the woman
exhausted and hanging there.

Knowing they had been in their position for hours, she needed to release them
soon before the cramps set in but first things first.  She walked around them
toying with their genitals.  She pulled the woman tits downward and squeezed her
nipples hard watching her face grimaced in pain in delight.  Reaching downward
she grabbed her cunt hair and started tugging downward for some more enjoyment.  
The man was more fun as she noticed his cock was sticking straight out and
dripping.  She started reaching underneath his ass and squeezing his nuts as he
yelled in his plug loudly.  It was so much fun that she started slapping his
drooping balls with her hand to make him shake more. 

Telling them bluntly that she took no shit from her white slaves, she knew she
had made her introduction now so she better let their hands down before they
hurt themselves.  She reached up and removed the hook on their cuffs above and
watched as their hands fell on their backs and they moaned in relief and tried
to straighten their legs.  It was only to be short lived; however, as she
demanded a lot of attention and they were going to supply it.


Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Big Mama New Gifts III

Slapping each of their asses, she demanded them to stand up.  Their hands were
still cuffed in back and their ankles were still tied.  They were standing
completely still in front of her totally vulnerable to her wishes.  She removed
the plugs from their ears but left the dildo plugs in their mouths to prevent
them from talking.  Pointing to the floor, she demanded the white woman to get
down on her knees with a sharp slap to her face cheek.  When she was positioned,
as she wanted with her ass high, she sat down on her butt and got comfortable. 
She knew her weight must be hard on her.  Wagging her finger at the man, she
made him get on his knees in front of her as she removed his plug from his mouth
and before he could speak, shoved his face in her hairy cunt.

His tongue was wagging all over her cunt.  Lapping it up and down like a dog, he
then started working it in and out her hairy snatch.  Her daughter had trained
him well she thought as she enjoyed his tonguing.  To make it more enjoyable she
pinched the female big ass from underneath knowing she couldn't do much about it
with her weight on her.  She climax again and knew she couldn't maintained that
pace all day.  She almost collapsed the female below shaking with her climax.

Pushing the wimp face from between her legs, she stood up and looked down. 
Snapping her finger at the female sub, she pointed to her ass and smiled.  The
female crawl forward as she removed the plug from her mouth.   The slut slowly
got up on her knees and pushed her face back in Big Mama ass knowing what would
happen if she disobeyed.  Big Mama was enjoying her tonguing action in her butt
rotating her ass all over her face making sure she had to constantly search for
her asshole to resume her tonguing.  The male was just kneeling doing nothing so
she made him get up and work her tits with his tongue while she grabbed his cock
and started squeezing his cum on the floor. Neither slave had complained so far
so her daughter had been very careful to ensure total obedient from them prior
to her departure.  She couldn't resist the temptation to fart on her face prior
to pushing them off and taking a seat on the couch to relax.

She was exhausted from the activities.  Untying the female hands and commanding
her to prepare a snack for her, she made the male tongue bath her feet after the
long drive.  This was going to be really great she thought slapping his ass
while she waited.  She would tour the house after she had refreshed for a bit.

Get you tongue between my toes too, she demanded.

His tonguing felt really good on her tired feet as she told his wife to hurry up
her butt with that food or she would pay for it with her ass.  When the female
came back, she made her hold the tray on her knees while she ate her meal.  She
told them their new names.  The female was to be named cottontail after her big
white ass.  The male she told him was to be called little dicky because his dick
was too small to be of any use.  She enjoyed their look of fear at the tone of
her voice.  They were both hungry she knew but she wasn't going to make it easy.

She threw crumbs on the floor for the slaves to eat making sure to give each of
them a fair share.  When she was done, she untied the male hands and made him
prepare her a bath while she used the female as a footstool till it was ready. 
When he came back, she made them both crawl behind her as she walked to the
bathtub and found a beautiful big bathtub just waiting for her.  She got in and
made the slaves bath her with soap and some of the fine bath beads hanging by
the side.  When they were through soaping and rinsing her off she gave them the
pleasure of tonguing her body to be sure it was totally clean before getting up
and letting them dry her off.  What a hard life for a mistress she thought as
they worked the towels over her body.  She told them to lead her to her new
bedroom, which was totally beautiful.  She lay on the bed enjoying the
relaxation while her slaves worship her large feet.

They were having too much fun, she thought and told them to get on the bed on
each side of her with their butts up and worship her feet again.  She toyed with
their asses, pinching them, goosing them, and probing her finger in and out
their butt holes as they squirmed in pleasure tonguing her feet.  She rolled
over on her stomach and demanded they lick her ass cheeks and asshole till she
fell asleep.

When she awoke, both slaves were asleep at her side with their faces still glued
to her butt.  She rubbed her cheeks on their face cheeks to wake them up.

Time to play again.  Get your butts off my bed.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Big Mama New Gift IV

Both slaves stood before Big Mama awaiting her command as she sat up on the side
of the bed.

Cottontail get your ass in the bathroom and clean my john and floor.  It better
be shining when I inspect it.  Dicky you will clean the living room area.  I
think ya made some spots on my floor without my permission.

The slaves ran off as Big Mama relaxed on the bed for while.  After they clean
whaat she told them she would make them  go to her car and get her things.  She
could hear the vacuum cleaner running in the living room so she decided to have
some fun.

The male slave was vaccuming the floor as she walked in.

Give me that hose, she commanded him.

She took the end piece off and had him stand in front of her.  Taking the open
hose she pushed it on his cock and started sucking back and forth on it.

If you come, I'll have to beat your ass later she smiled at him noticing he was
getting close to cumming. 

She  didn't have to wait long as she saw him shake all over and knew he had shot
his cum in the hose.  Pullinig it off his dick, she shove the handle at his
mouth.  Clean your cum off it, she demanded.  Your ass is mind later.  I told
you what would happen.

The man started tonguing the inside of the hose as Big Mama played with him
pushing the end to his mouth and then back and forth as she tongue it.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





