BDSM Library - Coming Home




Coming Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daughter marries a black man who comes home with her and dominates her as well as her mother.  His mother joins in the fun.
Coming Home I

I was really upset when my daughter called from another state and announced that
she had married a black man.  I was even more upset when she said he lost his
job and they were moving back here to live with me.  I had been divorced for
years but raised in the Deep South where white and black didn't mix much.

Then the day came, I tried to avoid them by doing normal household chores and
other things I had put off for years.  My daughter obeyed his every wish. 
Getting him this and that and telling me how great he was.  I was so relieved
when night came and I got to the privacy of my own bedroom.  Later however, I
had to get up and get a pill I take at night I forgot earlier.  On the way to
the kitchen, I could hear voices, one of them sounded very distressed so I went
down the hall to find out what was going on in my nightie.  When I got to their
room, the door was cracked so I looked in.

My daughter was on her knees in front of him.  Her ass was red and I knew she
had been spanked recently.  She was begging permission to lick his ass and cock
while he was twisted her nipples and smiling down at her.  I knew I should have
said something but my body was betraying me and I felt moisture in my pussy. 
Lowering my hand, I started rubbing it watching as he turned on the bed and
presented his ass to my daughter who plunged her face in and was making slurping
sounds rimming his bum hole.  His ass was very attractive and the humiliation of
my brat daughter was turning me on more.  I started rubbing harder watching the
action.  He was now telling her to use her tongue as a dildo as she was pushing
it deeper and deeper in his ass.  His cock was rock hard as I saw him turn
around and sit.  Pointing to it, Sue my daughter engulfed it in her mouth and
started bobbing her head up and down on it.  He was telling her to get it harder
because he was going to shove it in her slut ass hard.  I came at the thought
and bumped into the door.  Both stopped what they were doing as I ran back down
the hall into the kitchen to avoid them.

I got my pill from the upper cabinet and turned around to return to my room when
I saw him naked standing there.  My eyes were staring at his rock hard cock and
I sure my mouth was drooling. 

You were watching me train your slut daughter weren't you, he asked in a
commanding voice?

No, I lied, I just came to get one of my pills and go to bed.  I avoid looking
at him but couldn't help glancing down at his cock.

Don't it make you upset that your daughter is my slave and I can use her any way
I want:

She's old enough to make her own decisions, I replied.  Boy I wanted that cock
in my pussy as I continued to focus on it.  My knees were weak and I felt I
would drop any minute.

Get on your knees and suck my cock slut, he commanded.

I couldn't resist.  Dropping to my knees, I started to engulf his cock in my
mouth.  It was too large to get the whole thing in so I bobbed my head trying to
get as much as I could.  I couldn't believe I was actually doing it as my pussy
juices were flowing in my panties.

Get on all fours and follow me to the bedroom he commanded withdrawing his cock
to my bitter disappointment.  I'm going to fuck your daughter in the ass and you
are going to hold it open for me.  I crawled behind him so excited I almost peed
in my panties.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Coming Home II

When we arrived, Sue head was on the floor and her bare ass was high in the air. 
She heard us arrive and begged him to shove it up her ass.  I saw the look of
lust in her eyes as she ignored me and wiggled her ass for him.  Upon command, I
got to her side and spread her cheeks open looking down at her asshole, which I
knew, was about to be stuffed.  He commanded me to beg him to fuck it, which I
did as he got behind and started pushing it in her asshole.    I watch it go all
the way in and heard her moaning behind me as I felt my own pussy flowing.  He
was pumping in and out as I wished it were my pussy that needed it badly. 
Finally he came and withdrew his cock demanding I clean it with my mouth.

Normally I would have thought it was disgusting and ran but I was so horny I
opened my mouth as he plunged it in.  The salty taste was there but it felt so
good just to be in my mouth as I sucked it dry.  When he pulled out, he made me
lick her asshole clean as I bent down and started running my tongue inside her
butt.

Looks like I married two sluts he laughed as I was working hard on her asshole
as she was coming from the tonguing.  When she came, he demanded I get up and
remove my nightie and panties, which I dropped immediately.  My daughter was
demanded to get on her back on the bed and I was told to get on top of her in
reverse order so we could lick his other cunts.  I was more than eager shoving
my tongue in her soaking wet pussy as she was doing mine.  He was calling us
whore and slapping my ass, which was driving me wild with excitement.  Soon we
both came and laid exhausted on each other drifting off to sleep.  I had never
been more satisfied in my life.

The next morning I was wakened by a hard slap to my ass telling me to prepare
breakfast.  I got off my daughter and was trying to put my nightie on when he
slapped my ass and told me I could wear nothing in this house without his
permission.  I ran to the kitchen and prepared breakfast as I could hear them
making love in the bedroom.  I was jealous wishing he was fucking me instead as
they arrived and sat down.  I started to also, but he yelled at me that a slave
didn't eat without permission and my place was on the floor cleaning his cock
while he ate.  I crawled under the table and began licking my daughter cum off
it.

He was telling my daughter that his mother was arriving today to see how his new
home was and the place better be spotless when she arrived.  She was told to
have everything clean and to beat my ass if I didn't work hard enough.  He was
going outside and improve his tan.

When he left.  I got out from under the table and started to sit down and eat
when Sue slapped my ass and told me to get busy.  She said his mother could be a
real bitch and I better have the house clean before she arrived.  I started to
protest when she slapped my ass again and I turned and started cleaning dishes. 
Most of the morning went by most of that way with my ass being slapped on a
regular basis.  Most of which, I brought on myself being horny walking in the
nude with both of them in the house watching.

Around 1 pm, the doorbell rang and Sue went naked to the door and opened it.  A
large black lady in her mid 40s came in and said hi to her son.  She lifted her
dress and presented her hairy pussy to our view in the lobby.   Sue immediately
fell to her knees in front of her and started licking her pussy as I just froze
watching.  I felt a sharp pain to my ass as her son slapped my behind.

What are you looking at slut?  She has another hole that needs servicing and I
suggest you get your ass over there now.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Coming Home III

I ran over and got behind her looking at her large hairy ass crack.  Pushing my
head in, I started licking her asshole as I had done Sue's the day earlier.  Her
ass was rather large as my face was buried between the cheeks.  She was moving
her ass and moaning telling her son what great white sluts he had as she
climaxed.  Both of us continued licking till he demanded that we stop and go to
the middle of the living room and await instructions. 

We watched as they sat at the table in the kitchen making talk.  Both of our
cunts were dripping in expectation as they came in.  Sue was demanded to get on
her knees in front of him and lick his balls while I was told to go to his
mother.

She made me stand in front of her and told me to spread my legs and grip my ass
cheeks in back so I wouldn't move.  She was going to masturbate her slut, as she
called me, and if I came she was going to have to spank me for being a bad
little girl.  Her finger felt so good as she started rubbing my clit while I
tried to maintain my balance with the grip on my ass.  I tried my best to think
of something else but her rubbing was too much and soon I was rocking up and
down on her finger in climax.

She smiled and said I was a bad little girl and get over her lap now.  I went to
her side and bent over as she adjusted my position so my ass was direct over her
lap.  I could see Sue sitting on Ben cock as I was wishing it were I.  The
fiction of her large thighs felt good on my wet pussy as I watched.

No long however, as the first slap on the ass brought me back to reality.  Ow,
it hurt like hell as the second landed.   I started promising to be a good
little girl as more slaps were being delivered to my ass as tears formed in my
eyes from the pain.  My whole ass was on fire as I wiggled and tried to put my
hands back to protect it, which she slapped also.   My legs were kicking all
over as I pleaded and pleaded with her.  Finally she quit.

Ben called over and told me his mother liked to be thanked after spanking a slut
with a pussy licking.  I got down from her lap in tears and got on my knees in
front as she lifted her dress.  When I plunged my face in her large and hairy
cunt, she covered me with her dress.  My ass was poking out in back and Ben was
commenting on how good a job she had done on it.  She told him she wanted to see
if Sue ass could accept his whole cock yet and he told her to watch.  She was
soaking wet watching as I continued to lap her pussy juices.  Ben told her Sue
had told him I had a dildo in the bedroom drawer and she demanded that I crawl
out and go fletch it.  I ran down the hallway, picked up the fake cock and
presented it to her expecting she would shove it up my cunt.  Instead she told
me to turn around.

Holding the cock in her lap, she told me I was to sit on it and shove it in my
ass while I watch a real man fuck his woman.  As I bent down, she pointed it at
my asshole and I slowly started working it in.  It hurt like hell but the action
in front of me was turning me on.  Finally I had it mostly in when she told me
to bounce up and down on it and fuck myself.  She held it tight as I raise up
and then back down on it as it was feeling more comfortable down there.  My
pussy was soaking wet again and pretty soon I was rocking my ass up and down
trying to get off as Ben climaxed in Sue ass.  She made me stop and pulled me
all the way down on the dildo in her lap as I sat disappointed that I hadn't
came yet.

This slut wants a piece of your cock in her ass also, his mother said, but I'm
afraid she too tight ass for a man cock yet.  I have to stretch it out for you
while I'm here.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Coming Home IV

Ben agreed and had Sue clean his cock and I just sat on the dildo and watched. 
She pinched my ass cheeks and told me to get up and get her a drink.  Letting go
of the dildo, she said I was to keep it in so my asshole could be stretched to
proper size for a slut of my nature.  I waddle to the kitchen with my stuffed
ass and poured her a drink and brought it back sitting on my knees in front of
her.  She had Sue come over and lick her large tits in front of me and tell her
how they were what mother tits should look like.  I watched in envy wishing I
had her large tits in my mouth as I maintained my position.  I found myself
needing to pee bad as I asked permission to go to the bathroom.

Sue was commanded to prepare the toilet as I wondered what he meant.  His mother
took my arm and lead me to the bathroom and then I knew.  A small kid-training
potty was placed on the floor by the normal john. 

This is your potty from now on she told me.  Squat over it with your legs wide
at all times.

I bent down with legs spread having to look underneath at regular intervals to
see if I was lined up correctly on it.  She was and smiled as I started peeing. 
She then removed her clothes and sat on the john. 

Come here slut.  I am going to give you a close up view of how a real woman
takes a piss.

As I got on my knees in front of her, she grabbed my hair forcing my face to her
crotch.  She started peeing as it splattered down my face into the john below. 
I just froze motionless as her piss ran down my chin in the john and when it
stopped, she demanded I clean her pussy, which I did.  The humiliation was
complete as I lapped her pussy.  She got up and told me to clean my potty and
face and return to the living room as I hurried to get the john down totally in
humiliation at the abuse I had just taken.

When I returned to the living room and stood in the middle red in the face, Ben
announced to me that his mother was going to stay for the week and she wanted me
to be her pet.  I was totally disappointed, as I wanted his cock bad.  I watched
as Sue was crawling along the floor wiggling her ass for his mother as she was
enjoying the entertainment.  Ben told me to join her, which I did getting down
on all fours and crawling myself.  I was wiggling my ass as hard as I could
still stuffed with the dildo inside.

She had me crawl closer to her as she pinched my cheeks as I passed teasing me
with slut puppy.  I was still dripping wet at my pussy as she demanded I crawl
behind my daughter with my face buried in her ass as she crawled.  This felt
better as I didn't have to look at anyone as I crawled.  I knew my face must be
beet red.  Ben joined in by slapping my ass as I tried to maintained my facial
position.  When we were told to stop, I remained in position smelling my
daughter sweated ass and trying to catch my breath.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Ben and his mother had their fun watching us crawling and finally let us rest
for a moment. 

Get up slut, he said, slapping my ass.  As I got up, he grabbed my head forcing
me to bend over with my face in front of his cock.

My cock is leaking, suck it slut.

His words were magic to my ears as I gibbered his cock in my mouth and started
sucking on it trying to get all his cum.

She's a bigger slut than her daughter, he said to his mother.  You may have to
move in prematively to help me with these cock crazed sluts.

I know said his mother who call Sue over to sit in her lap like a child and was
running her hand in between her ass cheeks.   I think we'll have to cool them
down for awhile so we can get some rest.  Sue sugar go get mommy some small ice
cubes.

Sue got up and returned with a cup full. 

You know the routine, she told Sue as she turned around and bent over spreading
her ass.  Ben mother started pushing ice cubes in her asshole as she was goaning
from the freeze feeling in her ass.  Finally she let her go as Sue started
walking around strangely trying to get the ice to melt.  She then call me over
as I followed Sue act.  The ice was freezing and it was all I could do to stand
still.  She must have put about a half dozen in before she let me go.  I started
walking around shaking my ass trying to get the cubes melting quickly.  I
thought my asshole was going to be freeze bitten before they finally melted to
their laughter.

I don't think they're so hot now, laughed Ben mother as we was rubbing our asses
trying to get feeling back in them.  Sluts prepare us a meal before we starve
and it better be good.

Both Sue and me went to the kitchen still rubbing our asses.  She was right.  We
were no longer horny but damn well got busy preparing the best meal we could
find.  Sue was right.  His mother was a real bitch and she didn't want to get on
her bad side if this was the good one. 

When the table was prepared, they waited as Ben and he sat down.  Since we had
prepared fried chicken durmsticks, they made us get over their laps with me
again on Ben mother.  His mother would eat the center potion of the chicken and
then pushed the end in my asshole before pulling it out and putting it in my
mouth so I could eat the remainder.  I figured Sue was getting the same routine
on the other side.  I was hungry and ate it anyway.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





