BDSM Library - New Challenge




New Challenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife returns home to find her husband being dominated by a young black mistress. She tries to take control only to find herself submitting.
New Challenge I

What would you do if you came home and found your husband tied to the bed and a
younger black girl sitting on his face while he was tonguing her ass?  The same
as myself, I supposed.  Bad move.

I had just finished my morning jog Saturday morning.  I had told Paul I was
going to help a friend cook a meal but when I got there, she had an emergency
and wouldn't be there till late night.  I jogged back to the house figuring
maybe I could have sex with Paul today.  It had been a long time.  A car was in
the garage that I didn't know so I creped in case it was a business partner.  I
was sweaty and in jogging suit, which I was sure, would be very unattractive.

When I looked in the bedroom door, there they were.  Her eyes were close as the
tongue in her ass I was sure getting her off.  I went off in a rage.  Walking to
the bed, I slapped her across the face as hard as I could telling her to get her
fucking ass off.  She fell off the side of the bed in shock as I looked down on
her.  I could see fire in her eyes and I wanted to shove my hand up her face
good.  I'll take care of buster later.

She dived across the bed before I expected anything and I felt her head in the
gut of my stomach knocking me back against the wall.   Holding my stomach, I
grabbed her hair and pulled her towards me.  I was going to pull her hair up and
slap that face.  Before I could, I felt a punch in my stomach again as I once
again banged back to the wall.  As I held my stomach, a kick landing between my
legs setting my cunt on fire.  I tried to reach it, only to have a punch to my
face.  That was all I reminded of my short fight.

I awoke naked on the floor.  My legs were tossed over my head and tied to one
bedpost above so that my ass was pointing straight up in the air.  My arms had
been tied behind my back.  A chair was to my side as I saw her sitting there
grinning down at me. 

I sent the worm to pick up some things for me; she smiled down at my
helplessness and exposure.  The bastard had been my slave for a year now.  While
you were sucking his cock, I was beating it, she taunted.  I always wanted to
now what it would be like to have a rich white cunt such as you as my slave. 

Go to hell, I yelled.

She reached down and grabbed my pussy hairs almost pulling them out by the root
as I screamed in pain.

Better watch that tongue of yours sweety.  I have plenty of uses for it but one
is not to smart mouth me when I tell you something.

I struggled with the bonds as she watched smiling realizing there was no way I
was going to get free of them.  Seeing it was useless, I tried to make a deal
with her if she would let me loose.  I even told her she could have the bastard
if she wanted and the house.

I want you too dear, she said. Lighting a cigarette still smiling at me.  I love
a new challenge.

Bitch, I screamed, when I get loose I'm going to wipe that face of yours in my
yard.  You bitch.

She leaned the cigarette over my ass and flicked the ashes on my asshole as I
screamed in pain.

I think that would be a great idea to rub your face in the yard, she said.  She
took another drag on her smoke as I just looked up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

New Challenge II

From now on, my name is mistress, and you are slut, she told me.  Now tell me
who I am and who you are.

I kept my mouth close.  I'll tell her......

Argghhhhh.

The ashes hit my asshole again.

Tell me.

Your mistress and I am slut, I yelled in pain.

She flicked some more ashes as I screamed.

Next time don't hesitate.

My sluts love to eat my ass and pussy out.  Do you want to slut?

Yes mistress, I yelled, I love to eat your pussy out.  I just couldn't say ass
till the next ash fell down.

Argggggg.  Please, I love to eat your ass.

That's better, she said.  Slowly she got up and turned my ass more towards the
bed so my face was now available for her sadistic games.

Lets see how good you can be, she said.

I watched in fear, as she slowly lowered her brown ass downward towards my face. 
When it was about 2 inches about my mouth, she stopped.

I like it kissed all over first by my sluts.  Kiss my ass all over and beg to
lick it.

I glanced up at her brown asshole only inches above.  I just couldn't say it. 
Ashes fell on my ass crack as I yelled in pain and then started kissing her
cheeks in earnest.

Beg between kisses slut.

I started smacking her ass with my lips begging to lick her ass.

Between the cheeks too.  Pucker those lips of yours and French kiss my asshole.

I started kissing her asshole between her cheeks still begging to lick it.  The
fear of her pushing that cigarette in my asshole was all the motivation I needed
to keep going.

Slowly she brought her ass downwards till my nose was buried between her cheeks
and my mouth was pressed on her asshole.

Use that tongue of yours slut.  Push it in and like the cock you like to have
between your legs.

I started working my tongue in her asshole.  I had made Paul lick my asshole
several times in the past and knew what turned me on.  Her ass was rocking up
and down on it as I continued to push it in.

Deeper slut.  Get your tongue in deeper.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


New Challenge III

I struggled under the weight of her ass to get my tongue deeper in her tail
hole.  She was starting to massage my clit and somehow I found I was wet there. 
I was starting to enjoy myself licking a black woman asshole.  I worked harder
hoping she would rub my clit more so I could get off.  My ass was wiggling above
in anticipation of her hand.

Then she stopped.

Slowly she got up leaving me moaning on the floor.

Not bad for the first time, she said looking at my red face.  She put her foot
over my mouth.  Open up.  I'm going to put my foot in so you can suck it.

I opened my mouth expecting a toe or two, but that wasn't to be.  She was trying
to get all her toes in as my mouth was stretched as far as it would go.  She had
all five toes in and my mouth felt like it was going to be split wide.

Now suck slut.  Suck like the bitch you are.

I tried to suck her toes and use my tongue when I could.  I could see her
smiling face above as I struggled to please the bitch.

She slowly withdrew her foot and went to the dresser drawer and pulled out my
favorite dildo that I use when Paul wasn't available.

What is this slut she said.  Paul said you like to play with it when he was
gone.

That's my dildo mistress, I replied.  Gosh I hoped she was going to ram it in my
cunt.  I was so horny I felt like it would make me cum in two pushes.

Instead, she walked to the chair and sat down.  Spreading her legs wide so I had
a good view of her cunt; she started rubbing her clit with it as I stared in
anguish.  That my dildo I wanted to say.  Give me my cock.

She started working it in and out her pussy, as mine cringed at the thought it
needed it.

Please fuck my pussy mistress, I yelled.

She ignored me as I pleaded, continuing to push it in and out her cunt.  My cunt
was on fire.  I needed that dong.

Please fuck me.  Fuck me mistress, I yelled.  Fuck your whore.

She slowly withdrew the dildo from her cunt smiling.  She lowered the dildo to
my cunt and started rubbing my clit with it.

Please mistress.  Please, I begged, wiggling my ass trying to get it in.

All of a sudden, I felt it lowered to my asshole.

Noooooo, I yelled.  Not there.

She ignored my yelled and pushed it at least an inch before I could move.  My
ass was loose some all the cum dripping down and had little resistance as she
continued to push it in.  I yelled in pain as my asshole felt like it was being
ripped open.  Finally it was in as I tried to relax the muscles down there. 
Somehow the damn thing started feeling good as she massaged my clit again with
her hand.

Tell mistress to fuck your ass slut.

I needed a cock bad.

Fuck my ass mistress, I yelled.  Fuck me.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

New Challenge IV

Mistress continued to probe the dildo in and out my ass while rubbing my clit. 
I came in no time shaking all over as she laughed at my sluttish performance.

Time to please mistress, she said, leaving the dildo in my ass this time she
faced me and lower her hairy cunt to my face.  I reached my head up as soon as
it was in reach and started lapping her cunt.  This was the most dramatic cum I
had ever had and I wanted her pussy.  I lapped her clitty first and then started
working my tongue up her cunt hole while she moaned from above.  I was like an
animal that couldn't get enough of her beautiful cunt.  When she came and
finally got up, I begged to continue tonguing her pussy or ass.

Later slut, she said, I'm going to untie you from the bed but leave your hands
and feet tied.  Don't want my pet to run away now do I.

She helped lowered my legs back to the carpet as the dildo plunged up my ass.  I
had forgotten all about it in my climax till it struck carpet and painfully
pushed deep in my butt.  She laughed as I tried to shift my ass to the side to
get the pressure off.  As my hands were released, I laid on the carpet in
exhaustion.

She placed her foot at the entrance of my pussy and started pressing her big toe
in.

Whose pussy is this slut?

Yours mistress, I cried out.  Fuck it with your toe.

She toyed with it for several minutes and then pulled it out and brought it to
my face. 

Clean my toe slut.

I swallowed her toe, sucking it like a bottle.  Finally, she figured I had
enough and pulled it away.

Get on your belly slut.

Slowly I rolled over with my plugged ass presented and tits to the floor.  She
placed her foot on the dildo and started pushing it slowly in my asshole and
then lifting up repeated the action.

Whose ass is this slut?

Yours mistress.  Fuck my ass mistress.

Pick your ass up slut.  For slapping me earlier I'm going to slap your prettier
face for a while.  Your ass.  Each time I slap it I expect you to ask me to do
it again.  Is that understood?

I lifted my ass off the carpet for my punishment.  Yes mistress, I said.

She started slapping my ass hard with her palm as I begged her to slap my bad
ass again.  She was enjoying my squirming on the carpet knowing my tits were
getting burned.  I lost count of the slaps after awhile just trying to remember
to ask for another after each hit.  Tears were flowing from my eyes as my ass
was on fire in back.  She gave it one final slap and demanded I get on my knees
before her.  When I did, she gave my face a hard slap.

That's so you will know your proper place around here.  Instead of having that
wimp of yours part time, I think I am going to enjoy using both of you full
time.  Would you like that slut?  Me beating your ass all the time.

Yes mistress I replied.  I am your slut.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

New Challenge V

She laughed at me and then went to the dresser drawers going through my
underclothes.  She tried on several items having me come over and lick her pussy
with them on and tell her how much better they looked on her.  She came on one
pair while I was licking her and took them off and put them on my head demanding
I clean them with my tongue.  The bitch was driving me wild like Paul could
never achieve.  I wanted to be her slave forever as my pussy was soaking wet
hoping to get my face back between her legs.

There was a noise in the living room while I was busy still licking her ass in a
pair of my black panties.

That's must be Candy.  Hi dear.  Glad you could make it.

At the entrance of the bedroom door stood my husband black secretary Cynthia.  I
had always despised the woman and try to get her fired on many occasions in the
past.  I always thought she was a good for nothing whore and why my husband
hired her were beyond me.

I told your bitch to get my toys out of the car, Candy said.  Oh yeah, I'm
really going to enjoy my new bitch.  Look at that big ripe ass just begging to
be spanked.

My mistress got up leaving me on my knees in panic.  They must have known each
other the whole time and my husband.    I couldn't run with my hands and feet
still tied and by butt still had the dildo inside even through it was close to
slipping out.

Candy is going to help me train you slut like she did with that bitch husband of
yours, my mistress (Kat) said as she passed Candy going out.  Have fun with the
slut.  I got a few things for the bitch to do.

Candy was standing there grinning down with a leer smile across her face.  She
lifted her dress exposing her large black nude body in front of me.

We are going to have so much fun, she said.  Reaching down she started rubbing
her clit with her hand as I remained on my knees staring up in horror at my
present situation.   The smile alone told me my ass was grass and she was
standing rubbing her cunt in preparation.

She stuck her hand forward and waved a finger at me to get over there with a
large grin.  Failing to see any choice, I started moving forward on my knees
hoping to avoid what was sure to become a most pleasant evening for me.  As I
arrived, she told me to open my mouth as she shoved the two fingers in her cunt
in my throat.

Yes bitch, we are going to have all kinds of fun.   All those times you have
been bossing me around; I've been taking them out on your bitch husband.  And
now I have you to play with.  Get use to the taste.  Your mouth is going to be
getting a lot of it in the future.

I sucked her fingers while she continued to taunt me.

Remember the day you told me to get you lunch or you'll get my butt fired.  I
wanted to plant my foot so deep in your ass you wouldn't be able to walk for
days.  And to think, I might do it today.   You're my bitch now honey so when I
tell you to move your ass it better move now or it will wish it did.

She withdrew her fingers and grabbed my hair lifting me up to my feet.  My hair
felt like it was being pulled up by the roots.  Grabbing my tits by the nipples,
she pulled me close to her.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

New Challenge VI

Play with my clit slut while you French kiss me.  Show me what a bitch you are. 
She pulled the nipples hard and tight as I pushed out my tongue trying to get it
in her mouth as far as I could.  My hands still tied beneath was stroking her
cunt as she continued pinching and pulling my nipples.  I was squirming all over
as she sucked my tongue deep in her mouth and I started working it around
inside.

I felt her hands finally release my nipples and reached to my side grabbing my
ass cheeks with her palm and goosing them as I continued to tongue her mouth. 
She found the dildo and started pushing it in and out.  My fingers were soaking
wet down below and knew I was getting her off as I was myself starting to work
up an orgasm tonguing her mouth while my ass was being violated.  Finally, she
stopped and pushed my face back.

On your knees bitch.  Finish my cunt with your tongue.

I got down and pushed my face in her hairy bush.  Finding her clit, I started
licking up and down on it soaking in all her juices as she grinded her cunt in
my face.

Get your tongue in my pussy bitch.

I worked my way to her pussy hole and pushed my tongue inside.  Working it in
and out like I normally enjoy, it wasn't long till she was rocking all over my
face cuming on it.  She pushed me away again and walked over to the bed and lay
on her stomach.

I have another hole that needs attention bitch.

I crawled forward slowly to the back of the bed staring at her huge ass globes
knowing what she expected.  She had pushed herself back far enough so I could
lick it on my knees on the end of the bed.  I crawled between her legs and
started running my tongue over each of her ass cheeks and then working in
between them.  She was moaning as my tongue found her asshole and wiggling her
ass cheeks on my face in response.

Eat my shit bitch.

I started working my tongue in her asshole.  It was rather clean and loose as I
worked it as far as I could and then started using it as a small dildo.  Despite
all the humiliation, I was beginning to get very turn-on tonguing her big butt. 
I was trying to use my thighs to get some kind of fiction on my cunt going which
was dripping down my legs.

If you come without my permission, I have to slap that twat of yours till you
can't walk, she said, knowing I must have been getting close. 

I tried to focus on other things as I continued to fuck her asshole with my
tongue.  She wasn't going to let me off easy as it felt like 20 minutes before
she finally told me I could stop.

Stand up bitch.  Tell me you're an as slicking white bitch who wants to be her
mistress bitch.

Slowly I got up.

I'm an ass licking white bitch that wants to be your bitch mistress, I said,
still gasping for air. 

She made me repeat it several times as she rubbed her clit and smiled at my
humiliation.

Get your white ass over my lap bitch.  I'm going to show you what to expect if
you disobey me.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





