BDSM Library - Distressed Teacher




Distressed Teacher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teacher is blackmailed by a parent and daughter who has a picture of her previous sex affair.
Distressed Teacher I

Sally was walking into the school she taught at when she saw Ms Horn who was the
mother of one of the girls in her class.  The girl was a total washout and sure
to fail this senior year.   Ms Horn stopped her at the hallway and said she
needed to talk to her privately and that it was extremely important.  Sally
suggested they go to classroom that was not used anymore.

What can I help you with she said as they both took a seat.

I found out that a teacher had an affair with one of her students a year ago,
said Ms Horn reaching into her purse and taking out several photographs, which
she placed on the table.

Sally looked down and almost peed in her pants.  The pictures were of her and a
girl student, which happened over a year ago at another school.  She was
speechless.

I think I should report her to the school board and let them ban her from
teaching.  Don't you think so, Ms Horn looked over at Sally smiling?

Please, said Sally, it was a one-time thing and nobody was hurt.  My career will
be destroyed.  I do anything you want or pay you to keep it a secret, she said
in a meek voice.

My daughter says you have been treating her bad and humiliating her in front of
the other kids.  I think it time for you to learn how it feels.  If you agree to
do anything my daughter or me tells you through the rest of the year, I will
give you all the pictures; otherwise, it all over town and in the paper.

Sally situation was desperate.   She sadly replied she would knowing she had no
choice other than to change her name and move where no one could find her, even
her parents.  Tears were forming in her eyes.

Good said Ms Horn.  Now put this on reaching into the purse and she pulled out a
harness with two dildos attached.

You can't mean that, replied Sally shaken up.

Of course dear, you are going to be our little slut.  Now either put it on or I
will go to the board.

Sally slowly got up and raised her skirt.  Lowering her panties to the floor,
she took the harness and attached it around her waist.  Then she took the lower
strap with the dildo and starting pushing the larger one in her pussy, which
took much effort since she was dry and it hurt.  Ms Horn got up and told her she
would help with the other as she pulled the strap up in back and pushed the butt
plug in her ass as she whined from the pain.  She then attached it to the back
of the waist harness and Sally heard a click in back.

What was that she asked still in tears?

Why that's a lock honey to ensure you don't take it out unless we give you
permission.  Hope you don't have to go to the bathroom for a while.  Now get
your panties back on and go teach your class.  My daughter knows what you will
be wearing and watching you the whole time.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Distressed Teacher II

Sally tried desperately to plead with her as she departed and left her standing
in the classroom stuffed.  Knowing she had no choice since she didn't have the
key, she reached down with much difficulty and got her panties and proceeded to
put them on as her ass and pussy ached from the intruders that were still in
them.  She had used dildo in both parts before but in bed not in public. 
Finally, she got it all back on and slowly walked to her class trying to avoid
everyone she saw.  Several times she replied on just hi and kept walking.  She
knew she would have to stand all day because there was no way she could sit on
that wooden chair with something that large in her ass.  As she entered all the
students were already there and she noticed Ms Horn daughter Lucy seated in
front with a plaid skirt on.  Her legs were spread as she looked and saw her
pussy underneath.  What a bitch, she thought.  But I better be careful with her
or my ass in trouble.

Most of the morning was normal except for Sally leaning behind the desk almost
all morning.   She tried to avoid looking at Lucy who kept smiling but her glaze
kept falling down towards her pussy.  Boy how she hated the bitch.  She would
have taken great pleasure in failing her this year and now she knew she have to
become her slave.  Her bowels were starting to hurt badly and she knew she had
to go to the bathroom.  At noon when the kids went to lunch, she stopped Lucy at
the door and privately told her she had to go to the bathroom and could she
please have the key.  Her face was crimson in embarrassment and shame.

Why what do you have to do, said Lucy as if she was talking to a kid.

I have to go to the bathroom, please give the key to this thing your mother put
on me.

I asked what you had to do in the bathroom, said Lucy grinning from ear to ear.

Sally was irritated.  I have to take a shit, okay.  Now give me the key.

I don't have it, said Lucy smiling as she departed.  I guess you have to hold it
like you tell all of us.

Sally was mad as hell and hurting from the pain so she stayed in the classroom
trying to walk it off.  The kids finally arrived back for the least 2 hours of
class as she struggled to try to maintain her posture behind the desk.  She kept
shuffling her legs and several students thought she might be sick but she told
them it was only a cold.  The pain ceased for a while to a point where it was
livable and she was able to get through the rest of the class.  When the kids
poured out the room, Ms Horn was in the doorway smiling.

Sally immediately walked over and started pleading with her for the key.  She
didn't even care if Lucy was still there laughing at her.

When we get to my house, I'll let you go and not before, she said.  You'll just
have to hold it.  Lucy please take Sally hand and lead her to the car.

Sally frustrated and embarrassed felt Lucy grabbed her arm and starting leading
her like a dog to the car.  She hoped no one saw her as she crawled in the back
with Lucy as Ms Horn started to drive.   She didn't say anything when suddenly
Lucy got up and proceeded to sit on her lap looking down at her.  She slowly
started unbuttoning her blouse top and then pulled her bra down exposing her
large tits.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Distressed Teacher III

Ms Horn, please, your daughter is undressing me.

Shut up.  If I hear another peak from you, you will be wearing that harness
forever.  Lucy is allowed to do what she wants with you and you better not
complain.

Lucy meanwhile had starting thumbing on her nipples as Sally moaned from the
pain.  Then she reached and grabbed them both and started pinching them as she
pleaded with her not to be so rough.  Lucy; however, had other ideas and started
pinched them harder making her scream from the pain. 

I think her tities are tender she said to her mother.  That will make it more
fun.  She then slapped Sally across the face.  Is my slave tities sore.

Sally stunned and hurt by the blow replied to the girl that they were real sore
and please be kind to them.  This made Lucy even more determined to have her way
with them as she squeezed them tightly in her hands cutting the circulation as
Sally screamed for mercy.  By the time they arrived at the house, Sally was a
stuttering blur of words pleading with the girl

The girl finally got off her lap and taking her hand led her out the car with
her tits still exposed behind her mother towards the house.  She was totally
humiliated but for the first time felt some relief that she may finally get to
use the bathroom.  Once inside, she immediately pressed the issue requesting
permission.

Pull off all your clothes and go to the bathroom first and bring back the toilet
paper, Ms Horn told her.

Sally with difficulty undressed in front of the pair and walked as fast as she
could and grabbed the roll and returned to the living room. She was stunned to
see the girl holding a movie camera recording her return.  Her only thought at
present was to use the bathroom.

Good girl, said Ms Horn laughing.  She turned her around and unlocked the
harness in back.  We can't leave the harness on the floor so turn around and
open your mouth so I can put the butt plug in it while you're busy.

No, no.  Please not that. 

Hush, or I won't let you go, said Ms Horn smiling.  Tugging the plugs out of her
pussy and ass roughly, Sally was sore from the pain and didn't see her come back
in front till the plug was inches from her mouth.  A hard grip on her tit forced
her to open it as the plug with its smell was inserted in her mouth.

Ms Horn leaned back and admired her work as Sally was shaking the toilet paper
for permission to go and trying to hold her ass cheeks together with the other
hand.

Sure you may go but you have to go in the backyard.  We don't want a slut using
our toilet now do we.  I suggest you hurry before you have to clean the floor.

Sally wasted no time.  She was in a half jog trying to hold her ass as she ran
out the back door into the yard with the dildo still in her mouth.  Finding a
spot nearby, she squatted and with much relief started to relieve her bowels. 
Gosh it felt so good.  When she finally finished, she used the paper to clean
her ass and turned around to see the hold incident had been filmed.  She knew
her face was red as a beet.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Distressed Teacher IV

Throw the toilet paper in the garbage bag and use the hose to wash off said Ms
Horn laughing at her.  When you come back in, we'll have to reinsert your plugs
and we want to make sure you are clean.   You wouldn't want a dirty dildo in
your mouth do you?

They left laughing with Sally standing red faced.  Her career was over unless
she agreed to anything these crazy women wanted.  She had used people in the
past herself but never to this extinct.  She slowly made her way to the hose and
began the tedious task of cleaning herself up under the freezing water of the
hose.  Maybe they'll get tired of her and let her alone later.  When she was
done, she slowly made her way in and found Ms Horn waiting for her in the
kitchen.

Well we can put your plugs back in or tie your hands up.  Which should it be?

Sally thought for a moment.  Her ass was burning from the dildo and the strain
earlier.  She didn't think she could take it anymore back there. She put her
hands out for Ms Horn to tie.

No, no dear.  Behind your back.  Now turn around for me.

Sally turned around and put her hands behind her back as she heard Ms Horn apply
the handcuffs on them.  She then felt her at her feet and look down to see her
attach two cuffs to her ankles with a chain about 1 foot wide between them.  She
knew she was going to hate this, but the other choice was worse at the moment.

Ms Horn slapped her ass and disappeared for a minute.  Pulling the plug out of
her mouth she got in back and pulled a leather hood over her head.  Her hair was
pulled up in top as the hood went around and zippered up in back.  She had eye
and mouth vent with several small holes in the nose area to breathe.  She was
graceful for that at least.

Oh, you look so lovely dress up said Ms Horn.  Lucy is in the punishment room
just waiting to see you.  She even has the camera set up so you can review it
later if you want.  Grabbing Sally ass cheek in her hand roughly she started
pushing her out the kitchen towards the other room with Sally pleading with her
that she would be good if they didn't punish her.

Ms Horn just laughed and gripping her ass cheeks harder told her she knew that
but Lucy wanted to punish her for the way she treated her all year and she was
Lucy slave to use as she wanted.

Tears were forming in Sally eyes as she entered the punishment room and saw Lucy
standing there.  She had on a black corset, which exposed her pussy and tits as
well as her ass in back.  Around her waist she had a strap-on cock that Sally
knew where it was sure to be going.  A horsewhip was in her hand.

When they got to her, Sally fell to her knees pleading with the girl for mercy.

Lick my feet slut said Lucy.

Sally put her head to Lucy feet and started lapping her feet.  The crop fell on
her ass hard and then again.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Distressed Teacher V

Better do better than that Lucy said as she increased her pace.  Another pop on
her ass and she was running her tongue between the toes cleaning them up.

Much better, said Lucy.  Enjoying the moment, she demanded Sally get on her
knees and suck her cock.  She grabbed her hair at the top of the hood and
started forcing her cock through the opening in the mouth as Sally gulped for
air through the small holes at her nose.  She felt the crop hit her tit but
couldn't scream because of the cock in her mouth.  Another hit as she increased
her pace on the cock.  Her tits were going to be mauled forever she tried to
scream out but was cut off by another whack on them.  She was grunting like a
pig as the cock was ramming in her mouth and her tits were being whacked.  She
felt like she was going to pass out when Lucy finally stopped as she fell
forward on the floor flat on her sore breasts.  She flavored the moment of peace
and tried to catch her breath when she felt Lucy body dropped on top of hers and
then the dildo being guided towards her asshole. 

No, she screamed as the intruder reached its point.  She couldn't move with the
weight on top.  Please mistress not that she screamed as she felt Lucy shoved
the point of the dildo up her asshole.  The pain was horrible since it was
already sore as she tried to loosen the muscles as the girl kept pushing.  She
was crying and pleading to do anything by the time the whole thing entered and
Lucy started humping her ass.  Her screaming and pleas were only exciting Lucy
farther as she continued.  Finally she had her fun and slowly redrew the cock
leaving Sally spread on the floor in a blundering mess and crying.

I'll give you ten minutes to rest, said Lucy.  I'll be back and you better be
ready to obey.

Yes mistress, said Sally crying on the floor.  Her ass and tits were on fire and
her mouth was so sore she couldn't hardly speak.   She never knew any girl could
be this cruel.  She couln't even get the energy to move.  She noticed her cunt
was wet and started wondering what was wrong with her.  She had just be brutally
assaulted by an 18 year old girl and she was getting horny.  She tried to rub
her legs together and her pussy on the floor.  Ah, that feels she thought.  I
wish I had that cock in my pussy right now.

She was about to come as she heard the door opened again.

Well what have we have here, said Ms Horn.  Is my daughter little slave girl
horny?

Yes mistress, replied Sally.  Please fuck my cunt like a whore.

Do you hear that Lucy, the slut wants her pussy fucked like you did her ass. 
What do you think we should do with her.

Please mistress she begged Lucy like a street whore needing money.

I'll tell you what said Lucy smiling down.  If you crawl behind me and lick my
ass real good maybe I'll fuck your pussy.  Better hurry before I change my mind.

Sally go up on her knees and crawled behind Lucy.  Burying her face in the girl
ass she started lapping her asshole trying to please her the best she could. 
She could feel her pressing her ass deeper on her face as she started working
her tongue inside.  Her cunt was on fire.  She had sex with plenty of girls
before but never like this.


Just a fantasy, how was yours?


Distressed Teacher VI

Lucy was totally enjoying the tonguing she was getting in back from Sally.  How
often did a student have a teacher licking their ass.  She reached down between
her legs and started rubbing her pussy as the tongue in her butt was driving her
crazy.  Soon she came rocking back and forth on Sally face.

Why don''t you fuck her while she licks my butt, said Ms Horn lifting her dress
up and bending over the chair so her broad ass was sticking out.

You heard mom.  Get that tongue of yours in her ass now, said Lucy.

Sally crawled forward and started tonguing Ms Horn ass liked she had done with
Lucy earlier.  She felt Lucy getting behind her and felt the dildo at the
entrance to her pussy.  Push it in hard mistress she cried out between the ass
cheeks.  Lucy was teasing her at the entrance and she needed it now.

Lucy teased for a minute and then pushed half the cock in with one quick motion
almost driving Sally tongue all the way in Ms Horn asshole.  Oh, it felt good as
she felt the rest of it slide it.  Fuck me bitch she thought sticking her tongue
deep in Ms Horn ass and rimming it out.  She was humping for all she was worth
as the orgasm finally came and she felt the dildo slowly being redrawn from her
cunt.

Please no mistress, fuck me more.

Not now slut, said Lucy pulling Sally back so Ms Horn could lay back on the
chair, her face clearly in exceily.  What a natural slut she is said Ms Horn to
Lucy.  You sure can pick them.

Lucy grabbed Sally by the hair and got her to rise up. She then walked her to
one end of the room and tie her hair to a line attached to the roof and then
cranked a handle till Sally was on her toes because her hair was stretched to
its limits.  The girls will be over in a minute mom.  That should hold her in
place.  They all want a chance to spank that fat ass of hers.

When Sally heard the girls were coming, she pleaded with Lucy not to show her
too anybody.  She was promising anything.

No way, said Lucy.  The girls all pay good money to come over here and beat your
ass.  They are going to pay extra for that tongue of yours in their butts.  Just
think of all those young girls you had in the past and now you get to have sex
with them regularily.  Of course, you will be their slaves this time.  By the
way, you are making a puddle on the floor.  I'm sure they will love to see it. 
Turning to Ms Horn, both her and Lucy proceeded to walk out the door with Sally
still pleading.  They turned the lights out as they went and close the door
leaving her in total darkness to figure her fate.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





