BDSM Library - Janitorial Services




Janitorial Services
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Imagine looking in the boss lady office to see her being dominated by a black janitor lady.  Imagine more surprise to catch someone watching you.
Janitorial Services I

Michelle worked as a secretary for a lawyer office owned by elder 45-year-old
lawyer Jill.  For the first few weeks she started she noticed nothing unusual
except for most of the customers were black.  Still this wasn't that unusual. 
Jill was always working after she left and Michelle being lesbian in nature had
a big crush on her.  Several times she had hinted with little result but she
knew deep inside that she was a lesbian also.  She just didn't know how to
approach the subject without making it obvious and possibly losing her job.

That evening she closed up the office and said goodbye to Jill before getting
her things.  The cleaning lady a large black lady named Miriam had just came in
as usual when she was leaving.  She said hello and then left the building for
her car.  As soon as she got there, she remembered she had left her key on the
desk at work and started back to get it.  The door was not yet locked so she
walked in quietly to keep from disturbing Jill and got to her desk when she
heard a noise like a yell from Jill office.  She quietly opened the door and was
astonished at the sight before her.

Jill was totally naked and bent over in the corner of the room with her large
white ass jutting out in back.  A black tail of some sort was shoved in her
asshole and Miriam the Janitor lady was sitting naked in her chair at her side
with her feet on her back.  She had a strap of some kind in her hand and was
striking her ass with it.  Jill was promising to do a better job of some sort as
the strap struck her ass and she yelled in pain.  The strap struck again and
again as her ass wiggled in response.  Michelle was getting so excited watching
she dared not to interrupt the event.

The next time I arrive you better be on your knees ass up, said Miriam striking
her ass again.  I'm getting tired of you not obeying me and tonight I'm going to
give you to Kim so she can get your ass back in gear.

She reached and grabbed the tail in Jill ass which Michelle saw was a dildo with
something attached and started working it in and out of her asshole while Jill
was crying underneath.

This is what my little slut needs isn't it?  She's been a bad little slut and
needs her ass fucked after sitting on it all day.

Yes mistress, please fuck my slut ass.

Miriam quit shoving the dildo and placed her feet on the floor.

Now get that slut mouth of your over here and licked my feet properly.

Michelle watched as Jill slowly turned around with tears running down her face
and got down in front of Miriam and started lapping her tongue on the large
black lady feet like a dog would do for a master.  The sight was turning her on
as she raised her dress and tugged her pantyhose down to her knees.  She reached
between her legs and started slowly rubbing her cunt not wanting to cum too soon
before she had seen what was going to happen next.  Her wait was not too long as
Miriam got up from the seat and bent over the desk with her ass towards Jill who
got on her knees and started lapping her large ass.

Michelle was rubbing harder watching Jill face buried in Miriam large ass and
her ass wiggling beneath with the tail wagging on the floor.  Her cunt was on
fire.  She loved to make love to women but had never tried anything kinky and
the sight was too much for her as she was shoving two fingers in her cunt and
rubbing her clit with the other hand.  She wished it were her face buried in
Miriam ass and was getting near to cumin when she felt a hand grab her ass cheek
and a voice whisper in her ear.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Janitorial Services II

Quit rubbing your pussy slut.  In a minute you're going to be joining them so
you better watch closely.

The voice sounded like a young black lady, as Michelle never glanced back but
only forward.  She felt the hand slip between her ass cheeks as her own hands
grabbed her knees.  Then a finger was shoved in her asshole as she almost bit
her own tongue to keep from crying out.

In front, Miriam had grabbed Jill by the ears and was shoving her face deeper in
her ass.  Michelle was wondering how Jill was managing to breathe as she herself
was going wild with the finger pushing in and out her butt.  She then felt
another finger inserted as she loosen her ass muscles to accept it.

Miriam let go of Jill ears and turned around and slapped her face hard.  She
told her to crawl under the desk face first as Jill got on all fours and crawled
forward.  The sight made Michelle cum as she watched her boss crawl forward with
her tail wiggling in back beneath it.  When she was underneath, Miriam leaned
back and kicked her ass telling her to lift it higher.

Miriam grabbed a rubber band from the desk and sat back in the chair.  Taking
aim, she started popping her ass with the rubber band while Jill was thanking
her in return.

Michelle was about to cum again when her she felt her hair being grabbed and
jerk back.  She was pushed inside the room by the hand in her ass as Miriam
looked up in surprise at the young white secretary entering with pantyhose at
her knees and her cunt-dripping wet.

Miriam smiled and welcomed Kim.  I see we have a new toy to play with she said.

Kim pulled her finger from Michelle ass and released her hair.  She kicked her
ass with her knee and told her to get on her hands and knees as Michelle dropped
immediately to the floor.

Caught her watching outside playing with her cunt, said Kim.  Thought she might
as well join in the fun for a while.  Tight ass for a white chick.

The more the merrier, smiled Miriam as she turned back around and started
popping Jill ass repeated with the rubber band as Jill started begging
underneath the desk for mercy.

Kim why don't you have some fun with slut puppy here while I test the new cunt. 
She grabbed a ruler from the desk and walked over to Michelle on all fours.  She
then squatted down on the top of Michelle head till her pussy pressed her face
deep on the carpet and her weight held her pin.  Michelle was too scared to move
as she felt her dress rose over her shoulder and knew her ass was exposed in
back.  She couldn't move her head under Miriam weight and her arms were pinned
by her legs.  She knew what was coming but never dreamed it would hurt that bad
as the ruler fell on her ass and she screamed out in pain.  The next was just as
hard as she started pleaded with Miriam for mercy but Miriam kept swatting her
ass with the ruler as she continued to try to shift her ass to avoid the hits. 
It didn't take long before she was crying like a baby beneath her pleading to do
anything her mistress wanted.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Janitorial Services Fantasy III

Miriam finally quit swatting Michelle ass with the ruler, as the young secretary
was nothing but a sobbing mess beneath her.  She stood up and demanded Michelle
kissed her feet for whipping her ass.  Michelle quickly started kissing.  The
pain in her ass and her pussy on fire had turned her on more than watching he
action earlier.  Miriam was just looming overhead laughing at her and calling
her the new whore.  Michelle caught a glimpse of Jill passing by crawling on the
carpet with Kim on her back holding her hair like a horse rein.  She dared not
stop at this moment however; she wouldn't be able to sit for at least a day
after that ruler got her ass.

Miriam told her to get up and removed all her clothing.   When she had undressed
fully, she demanded her to turn around and bend over.  She went to her purse and
got a white glove and returned to her back.  Jill was still crawling around
passing by in a heavy sweat as Kim was now swatting her ass with her hand to
continue.  She watched as she felt the gloved finger enter her pussy and then
another.  She placed her hands on her knees to try to maintain her balance as
the third finger entered and she tried to relax her pussy to accept it.  The
fourth finger however, was too much as she cried out for mercy.  The pain was
more than the pleasure she was enduring.

Miriam laughed.  Tight for a white cunt she said and withdrew her hand. 

Michelle started to relax when she felt a finger jabbed up her asshole and
almost knocked her off balance.  She had never been used like this but the
finger felt good at the present.  The finger pushed in and out as she started to
get used to it but then she felt another finger slowly starting to go in and her
fears returned.  She desperately tried to relax her asshole as the second finger
went in without too much difficulty and started working in and out with the
first.  The fingers were driving her wild as her ass starting rocking in
response to the fingering on her bum.  She was beginning to enjoy an area, which
had never been used before when she felt a third try to enter.  This time the
pain came back as she pleaded again for mercy.  Her asshole was now on fire from
the onslaught and she tried everything to relax it while she pleaded.  Miriam
must have felt some kind of pity on her because she finally stopped ant withdrew
the fingers leaving her gasping for air.

Your ass is much too tight, Miriam responded.  We'll have to work on that one. 
I have paying customers that like the asshole better than the pussy.  We'll have
to try the smaller dildo first and then work our way to the average one.

Michelle hardly heard her words as she maintained her position bent over at the
knees with her ass jutting back trying to recover from the attack her ass had
just suffered.  She saw Kim sitting on the edge of the desk with her legs spread
wide with Jill squatting on the floor lapping her cunt like a bitch in heat.  Oh
that looked so good right now.

She felt something swat her ass hard in back as she jumped from the pain.

On your knees bitch, demanded Miriam walking in front with a small long paddle. 
Hold your tits out for your mistress.   If you do as you told, I wont hit them
with this paddle.  Otherwise, they are going to be two squashed tits on you.

Jill held her tits out for inspection with fear in her eyes.  She felt Miriam
grab her nipple and pull and pinch it as tears came in her eyes from the pain. 
She quipped the other and started doing the same.  The pain was hard to take as
she closed her eyes and tried to focus on something else.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Janitorial Services Fantasy IV

Swat.  The paddle hit her right breast as she opened her eyes and screamed in
pain.  Swat, another to the left.

Don't ever close your eyes slut when I am inspecting you, said Miriam.  She
turned around and bent over showing Michelle her large ass.

Michelle knew what to do as she had seen Jill earlier and crawled forth burying
her face between the plump cheeks and started working her tongue around her anus
and then working her way within.  Her asshole was already loosened and she had
little difficulty.  She was starting to get excited again and felt the wetness
in her cunt returning.   She started working her tongue in as a dildo as she
felt the pressure of the ass cheeks on her face as if someone was sitting on
her.  Her breathing was becoming differ cult as she focused on catching her
breathe as she would withdraw her tongue.

Miriam finally tired of her tongue and turned around and put her foot on her
shoulder pressing her head back down to the floor.

Not bad for a white slut like you.  Maybe you'll be better with the women than
the man like that slut boss of yours.  She walked behind her and put her toe in
her ass and pushed.  Crawl for me bitch.  Crawl around the room and wiggle that
white ass.  She slapped her ass with the paddle as Michelle started crawling
around.

Wiggle harder bitch, said Miriam catching up and slapping her ass again.

She crawled behind Jill who now had her head beneath Kim pussy as Kim was using
her hair to massage her cunt with.  She was smiling down at her and stroking her
pussy harder with Jill hair.  She tried swinging her ass side to side as she
crawled to avoid another swat from the paddle as she continued her humiliation
for her mistress.

Miriam had taken her seat again and called her over.  She had a letter opener in
her hand with a round handle about 1/2 inch in width in her hands.  She looked
down at her as she came and asked where did it belong which Michelle responded
in her ass.  She was told to turn around and then she pushed it deep in her
asshole as Michelle spread her ass for her.

Eat my cunt, whore demanded Miriam.

Jill turned around and buried her face in Miriam large hairy cunt and started
lapping as Jill did earlier.  She was determined to please her new mistress as
her own pussy was dripping on the floor.  She felt her hair being twisted in a
long roll up above and then being pulled as she stopped lapping and started
shoveling her tongue deep within her cunt.  Miriam was soaking wet herself and
rocking on her face while pulling her hair to shove her face deeper and deeper
inside.  She finally came rocking her cunt all over Michelle face that was still
buried cleaning her pussy.

Look up at me slut, she said to Michelle and start working that letter opener in
and out your ass.  Tell me you're my slut and begged to be fucked.

Michelle reached behind looking up at her mistress.  Please Mistress, fuck your
whore.  She kept repeating her request while pushing the letter opener in and
out her ass and watching Miriam smiling face above her.  She felt totally
humiliated and embarrassed but at the same time she need to come.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





