BDSM Library - Marissa




Marissa
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teen naively clears his dominant ex-girlfriends financial debt to him in exchange for two days of servitude.
Episode I - Marissa



 I met Marissa on a drunken spring night, dancing at the downtown club.  I was a
21 year old virgin and she was quite intoxicated.  Her tight body, perky
breasts, and tongue ring immediately intrigued me.  It may have also been the
fact that she was grinding against me on the dance floor...a feeling I had never
experienced.  My pants were suddenly really tight.

 We dated for 2 months, she deflowered me, and everything was pretty normal. 
Oh, except that she cheated on me twice.  But I was naive and, well, male.  I
let it slide, and enjoyed my time with her.  Then, I was hired to go work on a
boat cruise out of Florida for 2 months.  I was, of course, concerned that she'd
cheat more.  It was always with really big, athletic guys, and since I was kind
of scrawny, the notion of her leaving me was nagging in my mind as I boarded the
plane.  In the meantime, I had never divulged any of my more kinky turn-ons, but
always suspected she may be into domination.  She more or less dominated me
during those  2 months anyway.  Nonetheless, we planned to meet in New York City
for a little vacation after boat cruise was finished.  I paid for her plane
ticket, while she assured me that she'd reimburse me with her summer job
earnings.  The 500 dollar plane ticket was worth it, in my naive, love-stricken,
randy stupor.

 That entire first week of the boat cruise I fidgeted in bed every night,
imagining the full curve of her breasts cupped in a black lace bra, grazing my
face as she rode me triumphantly.  Needless to say however, a few weeks later I
got a phone call from her and she confessed to being with someone else.  I was
pretty devastated for awhile, until a blonde, C-cupped european girl at the boat
cruise showed interest in me.  We hooked up instantly, a rebound on my part but
a much-needed elixir from the woes of the phone booth dismissal.

 The money could not be reimbursed from the canceled plane ticket to New York,
and so I went with Katie to the Big Apple, used the reservations on Broadway and
at a private room in a hostel to at least enjoy the present company.  I reminded
Marissa via email that she definitely owed me the 500 dollars. 

 Months passed back at home, with no word on the money I was owed, even after
stopping by Marissa's apartment several times to remind her.  We had decided to
be on somewhat good terms, despite the torrid affair, but I was not yielding on
the money.  With Katie back across the ocean, and that relationship basically
halted, I couldn't help but let my eyes indulge in the smoking hot body of my
ex.  She, of course, being the promiscuous fille de joie that she is, was
completely over me and could have cared less.  After three more months, I
finally decided to go to her place and strike up a deal....

 Since I knew she didn't actually have the money at her disposal anyway, I took
a leap of faith and proposed a sort of...well, a more "physical" reimbursement. 
My suspicions of her domination penchant provoked me toward this.  I thought it
a suitable replacement for the money.

 "Listen, since I know you can't pay me back, I have an idea."

 "Ok, shoot," she said questioningly.

 I swallowed my pride and went on....

 "This is kind of a personal question, but...  do you like to be more dominant
or submissive with your boyfriends?"

 A look of sly knowingness shot across her face as she replied, almost in a
high-pitched slow motion, "Dominant.. whyyy?"



 I felt myself stiffen almost immediately, knowing that the possibility was
becoming a potential reality.  "Well, I happen to have this idea that I'd   like
to be dominated by a woman.  I've never told anyone, but I was   close to
telling you while we were dating."

 Her eyes began to sparkle devilishly as she realized that she may be escaping
her debt by enjoying herself in some dominatrix action.  I continued, "So I was
wondering if I could be your slave for a few days   in exchange for clearing the
500 dollars you owe me?"  I wanted to   make it abundantly clear that she
couldn't really refuse this proposition.



 "That sounds absolutely doable!  I would love nothing more, you little  
bitch."  She said this with such enthusiasm, that I realized my next    couple
days would be used to completely obey her every whim.

 I went to bed at 8pm that night because she wanted to me come over at the
strike of midnight.  She wanted to use every available hour she had in the day. 
So it looked like my slavery would last 48 hours.  The butterflies in my stomach
were running rampant with excitement.  I arrived at her place at 12:05am and ran
up the stairs.  Before knocking on her door, I got on all fours and prepared to
kiss her boots as she had instructed.

 The door opened.  I looked up at Marissa, wearing black lace-up boots,
knee-high bobby socks, a micromini black pleather skirt, a black push-  up bra
and she straightened her hair for the event too!  I nearly forgot to kiss her
feet because of the incredibly sexy vision I saw.  Remembering, I lowered my
head and kissed each of her boot tips.  "Good boy!," she said with an almost
sarcastic, womanly sneer.  She immediately attached a black studded collar to my
neck and clipped a leash onto it, pulling me into the apartment.  I stared at
the heels of her dull leather boots as I crawled behind her on the floor.

 She hit PLAY on the CD player and some bass-heavy dance music started playing. 
"You can do it, put your ass into it" sang the refrain over and over again over
a thumping sequence.  "Take off your shirt and pants, now!" said Marissa,
smiling down at me.  I obeyed quickly and within seconds I was kneeling on all
fours in the living room of my ex-girlfriend, wearing a collar and leash, and
only my black boxer-briefs.

 She spoke quickly, "now listen, from now until 48 hours from now, you are my
bitch.  My little dog.  Do you understand?"  "Yes," I replied quickly and almost
too eagerly.  "You will always answer with 'Yes Master', got it?  I like
'Master' more than 'Mistress'...it feels more  powerful."

 "Yes Master," I replied.  She then told me to get up and remove my underwear. 
I obeyed, and she proceeded to giggle and point at my package.  "You're such a
loser, look at that thing.  Does bitch boy have a little stiffie for Marissa? 
Get on your fucking knees, boy."  I obeyed and stared up at the roundness of her
breast outline peeking from above the black lace of the push-up bra.  She
instructed to me to lick her boots until they shone.  I dropped my face to the
floor and began licking her boots slowly and carefully.  I felt totally
inferior, and she laughed at me while I groveled at her feet.  After 45 minutes,
she instructed me to kiss her ass cheeks 10 times each.  I got up to my knees
and pecked my lips humiliatingly against her miniskirt covered butt.  She then
told me to pant like a dog, so I did.  Following this, I spent the rest of the
day and night cooking, doing laundry, and cleaning the house,

 After allowing me to sleep for 5 hours that night, she woke me up and walked
toward the couch and sat down, patting her knee to tell me to approach her. 
"Lay across my knees, boy."  I obliged and laid face down across Marissa's
knees.  "Are you a dumb male bootlicker? ...  Answer me now!"  "Yes, Master, I
am."  "Good boy," she said, "now since you're such a pathetic loser, I'm going
to need to punish you, understand?"  "Yes Master."  "I'm going to spank you like
the bad boy you are, and you will thank me after every spank, understood?"  "Yes
Master, understood."   With that, she proceeded to swiftly swat my
underwear-covered butt cheeks with an open hand to cover as much surface as
possible.  I felt myself stiffen underneath and forgot to "thank" her.  "What
did I tell you, bitch??!  Thank me after every spank."  "Sorry Master, thank you
Master may I have another one?"  She then continued to swat my bum for the next
half-hour.  I thanked her after every single spanking, as I stared down at her
leather boots which I had cleaned with my tongue the day prior.  She spanked me
and then took out a leather belt to whip my ass with for another 10 minutes,
commanding me to sing the hip hop song she had been playing yesterday.  I
degradingly sang "you can do it put your ass into it" while she lashed my bum
with her leather belt, laughing slyly and enjoying every second of her
dominating role.

 By midnight that night, the debt had been repaid, and I walked out of her
apartment, got in my car and drove home, all while wearing the collar and
feeling the sore redness of my bum cheeks, which had been thoroughly spanked by
the dominating girl I used to date.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  curiouscat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





