BDSM Library - Neighborly Welcome




Neighborly Welcome
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman suspects the new neighbors of being strange only to find her own daughter participating and then herself.
Neighborly Welcome I

Jane arrived home early and decided today would be a good day to plant new
flowers on the fence area.   She had just started when she heard noises coming
from the new neighbor's house next door and decided to look through the fence
and take a peak to see what they were up to.   Her neighbor was a single white
mother and daughter who had just moved in.   As she peered through the planks,
she was stunned by the sight.

The mother was totally naked and her hands were tied in back to a small cart
with a young black lady who must have been in her teens sitting on it.  The girl
was not the daughter she had saw move in.  Her ass was jutting back at the teen
as she struggled to pull the cart and the girl was striking it with a long
switch.  She also noticed the woman had a leash attached to something in her
mouth that the girl would pull on every so often as she continued to strike her
large ass.  Her tits were clamped with clothespin she noticed as they turned
towards her.

Jane was disgusted and excited at the sight before her.  She had read about
things like this and got excited reading them but now she was seeing it in
person.  She reached down between her shorts and started rubbing her clit. It
was already wet.

The girl was striking the older white woman ass in earnest now as Jane could see
the welts form on her hind side.  Sweat was pouring as she struggled to tug the
cart.  Her large clamp nipples were swaying from side to side.  Finally, she
collapsed on the grass on her knees as the girl hit her rear several more times
with the switch. 

Jane was rubbing her clit in haste now as she was closing on her climax.  She
had never been so sexually excited before even when her husband and her had
tried light spanking and bondage before.  She continued to watch as the teen got
up and untied the woman arms from the cart.  The woman immediately dropped on
all fours as the teen was telling her something.  Then she crawled after the
teen towards the house door as Jane came in her shorts watching her large welted
ass moving.

Jane immediately regained her senses. She knew she had dinner to prepare before
her husband Tom and daughter Ann arrived home.  She wandered back inside and
started the meal with the thoughts of what she had witness still in her mind. 
During dinner that night, Ann told her she had found a new friend in Lynn the
neighbor daughter.  Jane was stunned at first but didn't say anything about what
she had witness earlier.  When she questioned Ann about the neighbors, she was
told that a young black maid was staying with them temporary and was very nice. 
Jane didn't pursue it any more.

That night, her and Tom, had one of their best sexually intercourse ever.

The next day, after work, she went back out but nothing happened as she finished
her plants.  Ann called and said she was staying at her new friend Lynn house
for a sleep in.  Jane tried to talk her out of it but Ann insisted so she let
her.  Her mind was still on the sight she had witnessed the day earlier so she
went up and got in her bed and masturbated with the images still in her mind.

After work the next day, she noticed Ann attitude was different at the dinner
table.  Several times she would get angry with her and complain about the
cooking.  Even Tom noticed it and got mad at her telling her finally to go to
her room for the night.  Jane decided Lynn must be a bad influence and told her
later that she shouldn't be going over there.  Ann just threw a fit and called
her several names till Jane lost her temper and slapped her face.  She was so
ashamed of herself, she immediately walked out. 

Tom called the next day and said he had to go out of town for a week and
wouldn't be home.  Jane did her normal chores and noticed Ann still hadn't
arrived home.  She decided to go next door and see if she was at Lynn's house
again.  She knocked several times before the woman she had seen outside being
beaten answered the door.  She was dressed in a black maid outfit that barely
covered her cunt in front.  Her large boobs were jutting outward in front.

Jane was shocked at first but then found her words.

Is my daughter Ann here, she inquired?

She's with Lynn upstairs, the woman replied, eyeing her.  Wait here and I'll get
her for you.

Jane watched as the woman started upstairs.  She could see the bottom globes of
her bare ass in back as the shirt raised up and down as she walked up. She
couldn't believe her daughter was here with this woman dressed like that.  She
took a seat on the sofa as she waited for Ann to come down.  Despite her
disgust, she felt herself getting wet again.  Ann came down the stairs with Lynn
and the young black lady following behind.

Young girl, you will get your butt back home immediately or I'm going to spank
it, she yelled as Ann approached.

She was stunned as Ann walked up to her and slapped her face.

I think it's time I spank your big ass mom, Ann said.

Why you little bitch, Jane yelled and started to slap her back as she felt
something hard hit between her legs in back.  She realized the young black girl
had stepped behind her and kicked her in the groin as she reached down with her
hands in pain.  Her dress was tossed over her head by the girls in front pinning
her hands and covering her head.  She felt her panties being lowered in back as
she tried to kick back at whoever it was.  Then she was being pulled by her
dress and throw over something about 2 feet tall and soft.  Someone jumped on
her back as she was now totally pinned with her ass bared in back.

Time to learn who's boss mom, she heard Ann yell from above and then a hard slap
on her rear.  She yelled in surprise and anger as the next descended on the
other cheek with more force.  She started cussing at the girls as the slaps
continued on both cheeks and the pain was getting worse.

Please, no more, she yelled through her dress.

We just got started mom, Ann laughed, laying several more slaps to her rear as
Jane squirmed on the cushion seat.  She heard Lynn ask for a turn as she
struggled with the weight on her back from above.

Lynn swats were much harder as her ass was moving in earnest now to avoiding
being hit in the same place.  She was no longer cursing but begging now for the
girls to release her.  Despite the pain, her cunt was getting soaking wet.

Look at your mother cunt dripping on the floor, she heard Lynn say as she
continued swatting her ass.  She is enjoying this.

Jane was ashamed of herself but couldn't help it.  Her cunt was on fire as much
as her ass was in pain. She found herself moaning despite trying not to show it.

I think your mother would be a nice bitch addition to our new home, she heard
the young black girl say on her back.  Jane felt her bra being unhooked from
above and then the girl grabbed her nipple below and twisted each.  She yelled
in pain.

Do you want to be my bitch, the black girl yelled down at her?

Yes, yes. Jane yelled in pain.  Between the slaps on her ass and her nipples
being stretched to the limit, she was in agony.

Beg to serve me as your daughter and friend, the girl continued.

Please no more.  I'll be your bitch, Jane yelled louder.

She felt the girl get off her back and then the dress being pulled off over her
head.  She rolled off the floor in agony as she looked up to see Ann and Lynn
smiling above.  She tried to cover her cunt, which was still dripping by pulling
her panties back up from her knees only to have the black girl put her foot on
her face.

You won't need clothes here bitch, the girl said as she press down with her foot
pinning her head to the side.  Remove her panties and tied her hands and feet,
she told the girls.

Jane felt her panties being lowered down her legs as she covered her cunt with
her hands in instinct. When her panties were removed, she heard from ruffling
from the sides and felt someone grip her hands and rope being pulled around
them.  She could have tried to fight to escape but she was so humiliated and
ashamed, she just lay on the carpet with the girl foot on her face as they
completed tying her wrists and then her feet.  She couldn't fight the warm
feeling between her legs and wondering what was going to happen next.

The girl finally removed her foot from her face as Jane felt the blood
returning.  She sat down on the couch and Jane watched as she slowly raised her
shirt exposing her bare pussy.

Eat me cunt, she told Ann.

Jane watched as Ann immediately dropped to her knees in front of the girl and
her head descend between her legs bobbing up and down.

Help my new bitch get on her knees so she can watch her daughter lick my cunt,
the lady told Lynn.

Jane felt Lynn grab her hair and pull her up to her knees and drag her closer to
the girl and Ann whom she could hear down below slurping at the girl's cunt.

You are now my property as is your daughter; the girl said staring at her.  You
will obey my command or be punished severely.  Your ass is now mine to do with
as I chose.

Raise your skirt and lower your panties, she heard the girl tell Ann.

Jane watched as Ann raised her shirt in back while continuing to please the girl
and then lower her panties downward.  It was the first time she had seen Ann ass
in years as she looked at it.  She was ashamed at getting excited looking at her
own daughter rear.

Eat her ass, the girl yelled bring her back to reality.

No not my own daughter, she replied, looking up in disbelief at what the girl
had commanded.  Suddenly, she felt her hair gripped hard and then her face
shoved forward in Ann rear.  She yelled out in pain.

Slap her big ass till she gets that tongue wagging, she heard the girl yelled
down as she smelled Ann ass up close.

She felt slaps on her sore ass as she yelled out in pain.  After the first five,
she pushed her tongue out and thrust it in Ann asshole.  The taste wasn't as bad
as she thought it would be as she continued working it in and out and the
slapping finally stopped.  She no longer needed the encouragement as she started
enjoying rimming her own daughter asshole and forgetting whose it was.   She
felt a finger being shoved up her own ass as she loosened her ass muscles so it
could easily slide inside.  Between the fingering up her butt and fiction
between her legs she was close to coming as she started rimming Ann asshole in
earnest.

A natural asslicker, the girl laughed.  Ann bring me the leash.

Ann immediately got up pushing Jane face back with her ass.  She felt the young
black girl foot press on her shoulder pushing her face down to the carpet.  Lynn
was increasing the fingering of her asshole in back.

Lick my feet bitch.

Jane started lapping the girl feet like a dog with her butt sticking up in back
being screwed by the girl.  The girl was no longer pushing it in and out but
twisting it around, driving her crazy trying to get it deeper.  She could hold
it any longer as she came.

Bad bitch, the girl laughed, pulling her head up by her hair.  She took the
leash from Ann and strapped it around Jane neck with no resistance.

You will refer to me as mistress from now on, she said staring cold-eyed at
Jane.  You and Lynn bitch mother will be the lowest slaves.  You will obey me
and in my absent, the girls.  Your husband may join you later.  I have plans for
his ass also.  Stand up bitch!

Jane slowly got up on her feet.  Lynn was still twisting the finger in her ass
driving her crazy.

Tell bitch Kate to bring my walking tools, she told Ann.

Ann ran back upstairs, as Jane just stood there in front of the girl red in the
face. Her asshole has been stretched to the limit, as Lynn was showing no mercy
on the tender entrance.  Her cunt was still soaking wet from her cum and she was
still horny as hell.  She wished her new mistress would demand her to eat her
out.

Ann returned with Kate slowly walking behind and gave a bag to the girl.

Attached her clip clamps, the girl demanded of Ann.

Jane watched as Ann got down on her knees and took two clamps attaching them to
each side of her clit.  The pain shot all through her body.  Then Ann got up on
command and attached two more to her nipples.  The pain was driving her crazy in
excitement.  Lynn slowly removed her finger from her ass.

Turn around bitch.  Time to open your glory hole up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





