BDSM Library - Neighborly Duty




Neighborly Duty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother is captured by neigbor son while suntaning.  His mom and her daughter joins in.
Neighborly Duty 1

Anne glanced at the teenage boy across the fence looking over.  He was their
neighbor and every time her or her daughter went out too get a suntan in their
bathing suits, the little runt was always at the fence staring at them.  She was
furious at him.  June, her daughter, was in town at the moment as she tried to
ignore him.  When she heard him whistle, she finally had enough.  She turned
around and sat up.

Go somewhere else you brat or I'm going to tell your mommy on you.  Maybe she'll
spank your ass, she yelled.

The kid disappeared so she assumed she scared him off.  Pervert she thought
lying back on her stomach on the lawn chair.  Probably came in his pants looking
at her loving tan.  She was getting wet with the thought of the brat
masturbating his cock looking at her.

She had just started drifting off to sleep when she felt something heavy land on
her back pinning her flat on the chair.  She felt her bottom half of her bikini
being pulled down below her ass cheeks as she struggled to grab them.

Beat my ass will you bitch.  Take this.  And this

Owwllll.  Owllll.  Anne screamed and cussed as she realized the brat was on her
back pinning her hands to her side.  She kept swinging her hands back trying to
find something to grab of pinch but her was to high up.

Owwll.  You bastard, she screamed.

Her ass was starting to hurt from the slaps as she could only lay there and
curse at him. 

When I get up, I'm going....  Owwlllll.  Damn it was hurting.

The kid just kept slapping as realized the futility of her position and started
to plead with him offering him food or money.

When I get done with your ass bitch you be giving me both, he laughed and
continued slapping her cheeks.

Ann was in tears, her ass was on fire and her pleads were falling on deaf ears.

Stop, she begged.  I'll do anything you want.  Please stop.

Beg to suck my cock bitch, he shouted.

Yes anything.  I'll suck your cock.

Beg bitch.

Please let me suck your cock.  Please.

Ann felt the weight lift off her back and saw the brat grinning at her from the
side as she noticed he was undoing his zipper.  She got up as fast as possible
and tried to make a run for the house but the bikini bottoms were at her ankles
and tripped her.  She fell hard to the ground on her tits and felt the brat
weight on her back again.

Lie to me bitch will you.  You'll pay dearly for that.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Neighborly Duty 2

She felt his cock at her ass crack and then his hand down there guiding it to
the entrance of her asshole.

Nooooooo, she screamed as she felt it on her puckered hole.  She tried to knock
him to the side as she felt it enter her asshole and she screamed out in pain. 
He wasted no time forcing it through the entrance and halfway in her asshole in
two pushes.  She lay trying to catch her breath pleading with him as he
continued to push it in till it was fully in.  She had only been fucked in the
ass twice by her ex as she tried to loosen her ass muscles to lessen the pain. 
As soon as it started to subside, she felt him pull three fourths out and ram it
back in as she screamed again.  He continued his onslaught as she laid on the
ground in desperation.  The pain has ceased and she found herself getting wet in
her cunt.  She had never enjoyed being fucked in the ass but it had been so loon
and it was started to feel so good.  She found herself pushing back to help him
ram her ass.  She needed to cum soon.

Enjoying it bitch, she heard him from below and felt him grab her hair pulling
it back.

Yes, fuck my ass.  Fuck my asshole.

You're my bitch now.  I'm your master.

Yes master fuck my ass.  Please keep fucking it.  I'm close to cumming.

Ann felt the brat drop her hair and slide his cock out of her ass as she pleaded
with him to put it back in.

Now you can suck my cock bitch, he said.  Clean it.  Get on your knees bitch.

Ann hated herself as she rose up on her knees and put his cock in her mouth. 
She needed it inside her again as she slowly rocked her mouth up and down on his
shaft.  His cock was well developed for his age and she wanted every bit on it
in her.

That it bitch.  Suck it like the dog you are.  Wag that fat ass of yours to show
me you like it.

Ann started wiggling her ass from side to side as she continued to suck on his
cock.

Good bitch, he remarked, shoving his cock faster and faster in her throat.  I'm
going to shoot my cum up that big mouth of yours bitch.

Ann wanted to scream no.  She needed it in her pussy bad but she felt the first
load shoot down the throat of her mouth.  She swallowed as fast as she could to
keep from choking.

I see you're having fun with the neighborhood slut Johnny.  I couldn't help but
to film it from the window.  It was quite a show.

Ann tried to turn her head to the side but the kid had a tight quip on her hair. 
She knew it was the brat mom Joan from the voice.  She felt like a whore on her
knees before him with his mother looking at her.  And she even filmed it.

I see you need a few pointers on how to treat a slut, Joan continued, and
decided to come over and help out.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Neighborly Duty III

Let mommy show you the proper way to control a slut, Joan said.

Ann felt Joan behind her and then a sharp pain in her cunt as she screamed out
with the cock still in her mouth.  Joan had grabbed her cunt and had it in a
pinch grip.  The pain was intolerable.

See son.  Just grab their cunt like this and they'll obey your every wish. 
Won't you slut?

Yesssssss.  Yess.s...  Ann screamed out as the cock popped out of her mouth.

Good.  Johnny turn around.  I think it time you gave her a real treat.  Pull
your pants down.  That's it.  She always showing off her ass and I think it's
time she admires yours.  Get your face in there slut and get a good look. Be
sure to lick it.  I want to hear him enjoying your worship of his ass or I'll
pinch this big clitty of yours right off.

The pain in Ann cunt hurt like hell as she realized she couldn't escape from the
two of them.  She looked at the hairy ass just inches from her face as she lean
forward and slowly started licking slowly on his ass.

Between the cheeks slut, Joan yelled.  Put that slut face of yours where it
belongs.  She pinched harder on Ann clit as Ann started licking his asshole
faster.  He was moaning from above and wiggling his butt on her face as she
continued to probe his asshole with her tongue.  She knew he was getting very
close to cuming.

Enough slut.  I want him to cum in your fat mouth.  Help me move her to the lawn
chair Donny.

Joan grabbed Ann by the hair while Johnny grabbed her arm.  They took her bra
off and used it and her bottom half to tie her feet and hands to the chair while
lying on her stomach.

Much better Joan said.  Now she can get her tan and put that nasty mouth of hers
to work at the same time.  Donny, I heard a car drive up.  I'm going inside to
see if that is the slut daughter.  Why don't you entertain the cunt her and put
her mouth to work.  Use this, she said, giving him a switch she found on the
ground.  Beat her ass with it if she disobeys anything you tell her.  She got
plenty of ass back there to beat.

Joan pinched Ann ass as she got up and Ann yelled in pain.  See you later
dearly; right now I'm going to take care of that cunt daughter of yours.  I bet
she has one sweet little ass.

Please, Ann cried out, as Donny shoved his cock in her mouth again.

Lick slut, Donny said, striking her ass with the switch.  Get it hard again and
I may shove it up that hot cunt of yours.

Ann sucked on the cock in her mouth fearing what June may be going through in
the house.  She had her own troubles right now and she didn't want that switch
on her ass again.  She sucked as he pushed his cock in and out her mouth without
any regards to her situation.  She hated herself but she was horny again
dripping on the chair trying to get it as hard as she could so he would fuck
her.  Damn it tasted so good.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Neighborly Duty IV

Ann felt Donny shoot his load in her mouth as she swallowed as fast as she
could.  Her cunt needed it so bad, the bastard.  It was his second load.  Surely
he couldn't cum again.

Donny was laughing at her.  Sorry slut, your mouth was just to good.  Guess
you'll just have to wait till I get horny again. 

He removed his cock from her mouth, as Ann looked on disappointed.  Sitting by
the side of the lawn chair, he reached under and found her nipples through the
holes in it and pulled them between the nylon straps below.  Her tits were
pinched between the materials. 

Guess I'll milked these jugs of yours while you tan that hide for a while, he
laugh, tweaking and pulling the nipples as Ann whined in pain.

Please master fuck me, she screamed.  I'll be good.  I promise.

Maybe later, Donny replied, continuing to pull on the tender nipples as she
wiggled on the chair.  In a minute, I think I'll take a ride on my bitch. 
Wouldn't that be fun?

Yeessss Master.  Anything.  Just fuck me afterwards this time.  Owwllll that
hurts.

Donny finally tired of her nipples and reached back pulling her cunt hairs
slightly as Ann begged him to shove his finger in her twat.

Does my bitch want to ride me around the yard, he laughed?

Yes master, Ann replied quickly hoping to be untied from the uncomfortable
chair.

Donny untied her legs and then pulled the bikini panties over her head and
through the leg hole.  This should make a good rein, he said, untying the arms. 
Dragging her off the chair by the panties, he pushed her on all fours on the
grass and sat astride her back.  Ride bitch, he yelled striking her ass with the
switch still in his hand.

Ann started crawling around the yard with the brat on her back hitting her sore
ass again and again with the switch.  He was very heavy but the switch was
motivating her to move faster as she crawled.  Despite the pain, her cunt was
even getting hornier that before and she needed to please him as best as she
could if she wanted it up her cunt.  By the time they made a trip around the
yard, she saw Joan standing outside the backdoor with June naked at her side. 
She had June tit in her hand groping it tightly.  As she walked her around, she
saw June ass was bright red and a hairbrush was protruding out of her asshole. 
When they neared, Joan continued to lead her to the lawn chair as Ann watched
Joan lay back on the chair as June got to her knees between her legs and bent
her head down in her crotch.  Ann kept crawling forward with the switch still
hitting her butt till she had a close up view of June lapping Joan cunt.  She
didn't think her daughter would be that easy to be dominated but then again, she
didn't think she would have either.

I see you'll taken the slut out for a ride, Joan told them as they approached. 
Didn't take as long as I thought to tame this cunt and teach her who was boss. 
She grabbed June hair and pushed her face deeper in her crotch.  Get that tongue
of yours inside my cunt slut, she yelled, or I'll take that brush out of your
ass and use it on your butt again.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?
Neighborly Duty V

Ann could see June was struggling to get her tongue deep in Joan hairy cunt and
somehow she was getting excited watching.    She felt Donny push her head to the
grass and getting off her back move behind her.

Time to fuck you bitch, he yelled, putting his cock at the entrance to her cunt
and shoving it all the way in with one push.

Yeessss, Ann screamed fuck my cunt master.  Fuck it hard. 

She rocked back and forth on his cock helping him force it deeper and deeper in
her twat.  It felt so good to finally have it in.

Ann continued to rock back and forth on Donny cock till it went limp inside her. 
She knew he had already come twice and was wiggling her ass and everything else
trying to keep it hard.  She barely came when it went so limp it fell out of her
cunt much to her disappointment.

Please master, she begged, let me suck it till it hard again.

Later slut, Donny ignored her.   Getting up, he walked over to where June was
licking his mother cunt.

Hon, slap this slut ass.  This is the poorest excuse of a cunt lapper I have
ever seen.

Donny started slapping June ass around the brush as she started yelling in Joan
cunt in protest.  He took no mercy slapping her already redden cheeks.

Oh, that's better, Joan said.  I'll let you have a turn with her later.  Right
now I'm going to cum all over that ugly face of hers.  Why don't you rinse that
dog of yours with the hose over there and take her in.  I'll be in there shortly
so we can have some fun with the cute little things.

Donny pointed at the water hose. 

Crawl over there slut, he yelled at Ann.  He gave her a quick kick to her ass to
get her moving faster.  I don't have all day to waste on that big ass of yours.

Ann had to remain on all fours as Donny poured the cold water all over her body,
shaking from the chill.

Now get in slut.  I'm going to enjoy going through your drawers and seeing what
nasty little toys you've been hiding.

Ann quickly crawled towards the back door with her master striding along behind
probing her ass cheeks with his foot several times till she went inside.  He
told her to crawl to her bedroom, which she obeyed and watched as he opened her
drawers going through her private stuff.  It didn't take long before he found
the dildo she hid in there for emergencies.

What have we here slut?  Been naughty lately?  Bet you been working that
worthless cunt of yours for hours at night with this.  Guess what.  I'm going to
show it a new hole it can play with.  Turn around slut and get your ass up. 
There's lonely one hole this toy belongs in.

Ann slowly turned around putting her head to the floor and reaching back spread
her ass cheeks apart knowing what was going to come next.  Her favorite dildo
that she treasured and loved was now going to be rammed up her big ass.  She
clenched her teeth as she felt it at the entrance and moaned as it forced it way
inside till it was fully inserted.

Looks like it likes it there slut.  Don't let it drop out or I'll make you clean
it before I put it back where it belongs.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?



Neighborly Duty VI

Ann and Donny hear voices in the living room and knew Joan and June must have
come back in.

Come on bitch, Donny yelled at her.  I want to play with that slut of yours.

Ann started to get up but felt a hard slap on her ass driving the dildo deeper
in her butt hole.  She yelled in pain.

On all fours bitch, Donny yelled.  Crawl like the dog you are.

Ann followed Donny out the room as they went in the living area where Joan was
having fun with June.  Joan was making June practice her cheerleading routines
with two fingers shoved up her asshole.  June was jumping and squealing each
time she came down as the fingers drove deeper and deeper in her butt.

Wow mom.  She is good, Donny exclaimed walking in. 

Just wanted to see if she could do anything other than lick pussy, Joan laughed. 
Had to give her some incentive of course.  Anytime you want to shove your cock
up her ass, I think she will be ready.

Donny laughed and sat down on the sofa as Ann crawled forward to sit on her
hunches at his side.

Why don't you work on my slut here while I test her mouth, Donny asked.  Her
butt is already plugged with her favorite toy I found in the bedroom.

Lovely, said Donny mother.  Grabbing June by the hair and her fingers still in
her ass, she led her over to him and bent her down till she swallowed Donny
cock.  Withdrawing her fingers, she snapped her fingers at Ann.

Come her bitch.  Time to show us some new tricks.

Ann slowly crawled over afraid of the bigger woman.

Let's start with rolling over, Joan smiled.  No not on your side.  On your head
bitch.  That's it.  Now lift your ass and flip it over your head.

Ann pushed with her feet to try to caterpillar her ass over her head.  Hallway
up, Joan caught her legs pinning her ass straight up in the air.  She started
swatting it with her bare palm as Ann whined in pain down below.  She was pinned
and available to whatever Joan wanted to do as she wiggled and screamed as the
swats kept raining down on her ass.

Next time I snap my fingers bitch, I expect your ass to get moving.  Is that
understood?

Yes mistress, Ann yelled.  Her ass hurt like hell.

Joan dropped her legs as her rump hit the floor and Ann screamed from the dildo
in her butt.  She had little time to relax as she saw Joan standing prone over
her face.

Time to meet a perfect match for your face, Joan laughed lowered her ass down on
Ann weeping face down below.  Kiss it all over first and then get your tongue in
my lovely asshole, she continued.

Ann started planting kissing all over her huge ass as she swayed it back and
forth on her face and then settled down with her nose planted deep in her ass
crack.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





