BDSM Library - The Taming of Donna




The Taming of Donna
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: College teacher gets caught playing with herself in her car by one of the younger black students and finds herself being blackmailed into submission.  One of my newer attempts to write.
The Taming of Donna I

Donna continued eating her meal at the diner noticing the black girl a couple of
tables across the room from her.  She had seen the girl several times at the
college she taught and knew she was very popular with the boys.   She noticed
under the table that the girl wasn't wearing any panties and had her knees apart
presenting Donna a royal view of her creamy bush.  Each time she glanced up,
Donna would shift her glance back down and have another bite of her food.  The
girl's pussy was so beautiful she drooled pushing her food down.

Donna, herself, had just turned 40 and had a well developed body and shape for a
white woman her age.  She had dyed her hair blond and let it grow out.  During
her teaching class, she enjoyed strolling around the room and watching the boys
squirmed in their seats as she walked by.  She had divorced her ex after a year
they graduated and since then she hadn't had sex that much.   Mostly she just
enjoyed the thought of it and teasing others.  Afterwards, she would go back
home and play with her pussy with the thoughts of them serving her knees and
begging to see her body. 

Today; however, was different.  Today it was her pussy getting wet glancing at
that creamy wet cunt only yards from where she was sitting.  She squirmed in her
chair trying to enjoy her meal while staring at the girl's thighs and cunt.

Can I get you anything else?

Donna was awakened from her fantasy as the waitress came up and started to
pickup her plate.

No thank you.  I'm fine.  May I have the bill please?

Donna watched the waitress head off and glanced back to see the girl looking
straight at her.  She quickly turned to the side of her chair to avoid her
glaze. 

Here we go; the waitress said returning with the bill.

Donna quickly grabbed the tab and walked up to the cashier cage to pay the bill. 
Her pussy needed some attention at the moment and she knew that the dildo in her
purse would come in very handy when she got back to the car.  She quickly gave
the woman the money and walked out as fast as she could.  She had barely got in
the car, when she opened the purse and grab the dildo.  Spreading her legs and
pulling her panties to the side, she pushed the dildo deep in her cunt and
turned it on.  The feeling was so nice as she lay back on the seat enjoying the
tingling in her cunt.

Tap, tap.

Donna startled, glanced out the side of the window to see the young black girl
tapping on it.  She quickly pushed her thighs tight and lowered her skirt
farther down to hide her pleasure between her legs.  She pushed the button
lowering the window.

I need a ride to school or I'll be late for my evening class, the girl said.

Honey, surely you can catch a ride elsewhere, Donna replied, trying to get rid
of her.  You know teachers and students are not supposed to be seen in public.

I don't care, the girl replied.  I need a ride now.  Open the door over there so
I can get in.

Donna tried to protest but the girl had already started moving around the front
of the car heading for the other side.  The dildo in her cunt was driving her
wild in excitement as she tried to tighten her thighs as tight as she could to
keep it silence.  The door next to her popped open and the girl climbed in
seating in the passenger seat.

Thanks for the ride; the girl said smiling at her.

Donna put the car in reverse and back out of the parking lot trying to keep a
straight face and her thighs tight.  She no sooner got to the nearby road exit
that she had to brake.

What's that noise? 

Donna froze in panic.  Her thighs had parted when she braked and knew she had
been caught.

You've got a vibrator in your pussy, the girl exclaimed smiling at her as Donna
tried not to glance over.  Is your cunty getting hot?  Don't tell me you were
getting off glancing at me in the diner.  Were you?

Donna was in panic.  She didn't know how to respond as she just sat trying to
decide what to do.  Her pussy was creaming.

Let me have a look, the girl said, lifting her shirt in front exposing her
plugged cunt down below.

Donna turned all shades of red as the girl moved her hand down and started
pushing the dildo slightly in and out.  Her body was betraying itself moving in
response to her cunt twitching as she quickly put the car in park to prevent an
accident.

Tell me teach.  Did you enjoy looking up my skirt during your meal?  Did you get
all hot and excited wishing you could lick it, the girl teased pushing it
farther and farther in and out her cunt.

Donna was no longer in control as her body was not fully responding to the girl
plunging her cunt.

I can't hear you teach.  Did you say you wish you could lick my cunt?

Yes...... 

Donna moaned nearing climax.  Yes I wish I could lick your cunt.

The girl quit and pulled the dildo out of Donna cunt with one quick motion as
Donna jumped in her seat from the fiction.  She was so near climaxing and
groaned in displeasure.  She tried to move her thighs tighter to get off
noticing the girl was now holding the dildo near the side of her face.

Clean you cunt juices off your vibrator, the girl demanded.  If you want it back
in your nasty whore hole, clean it.

Donna opened her mouth as the girl slid the dildo deep inside.  She didn't care
if anyone was driving by or not as she tried to adjust to the dildo deep in her
throat.

That's it, my white whore teacher, suck your cock like you wish you could do to
all the boys in your classroom.  Show me how an old white whore like you sucks
cock.

Donna cunt was creaming as she swallowed and swallowed again the plastic cock
being shoved in and out her mouth.  The girl's words were driving her crazy in
lust and desire trying to get the whole thing in the mouth at one time.  She
sucked and sucked as the girl reached down toying with her clit.  Pinching and
pulling at it.

Finally, the girl stopped and pulled the dildo out of her mouth only to reach
down and push it quickly back in her cunt after turning it off.

Donna gasped in pain and excitement of having her beautiful toy back in her
cunt.

Drive me back to my dorm, the girl demanded.  I think I'm going to be home
teached today instead of in class.  Don't want you to cum before I have my fun,
the girl smiled teasingly at her.  Call me mistress fuck face.

Yes mistress, Donna meekly replied knowing she her ass was now owned by the girl
and must do as she commanded or else.  She put the car back in gear and headed
back to the campus wondering what else might be in store for her as her pussy
twitched on the dildo in thought.

Can't have you walking to the dorm with your dildo in your nasty mouth hole, the
girl laughed tweaking on her nipples as they drove on.  You'll just have to keep
your thighs tight around that cock of yours when we get there or you're going to
make a nice scene for all the girls there.  You don't want to do that do you my
little whore teach?

No mistress, Donna gasped in horror as she drove.  Her pussy was twitching in
excitement and her nipples were hard from the girl rough play on them.

Tell me you're going to lick my beautiful pussy and ass all evening and be my
little white whore teach, the girl continued as they drove pulling her nips at
the end.

Yes mistress, I want to lick your pussy and ass all evening, Donna almost
shouted.

As they drove up to the dorm the girl had pointed out, Donna was glad to see
there was only several young black girls walking about in front of it.  She
pulled to the closer parking place near the door.

Be a nice little white whore and come open my door, the girl demanded.

Donna put the car in park and got out trying to keep her thighs tight to hold
the dildo deep in her cunt.  She knew she must have been quite a sight walking
around the car trying to keep her legs close together like she had to go to the
bathroom or something.  She quickly opened the girl door as she stepped out. 
The girl gave her a slight pat on the ass.

Come on teach.  Walk nice like the white whore you are.  You don't want to get
the girls excited do you?

Donna felt the girl grab her ass cheek in back by a handful and forcefully move
her towards the door.  She tried to walk as normal as possible with something
shoved up your cunt and a young girl groping your ass in back.  Several times
she glanced to the side to see several black girls smiling at her plight as she
tried to ignore them and get in and fast as she could.  Her cunt juices were
dripping down her thighs as she walked.

Open the door for your mistress, the girl demanded as they finally arrive to
Donna relief.

Donna quickly opened the door as the girl stepped in wiggling her ass as she
entered.  Donna knew it was too late now as she followed inside staring at the
girl round butt shake as she strolled along with her following.  Another black
girl stared as they passed but didn't say anything as Donna tried to ignore her
and hoped she didn't recognize her.   When they made it to the girl dorm room,
her heart finally eased knowing they would be private soon.

Oops.  I dropped the key.  The girl exclaimed smiling at her.  Pick it up for me
whore and open my door.

Donna knew the girl they passed was still at the end of the hall but knew she
couldn't do anything about it now.  She bent over to pickup the key as the dildo
slid out of her cunt on the dorm hallway.   She froze in panic.

Pickup your fuck toy whore and open my door.  The girl yelled at her loud enough
that anyone in the hallway could hear.

Donna quickly picked up her dildo and shamefully opened the door after several
attempts

Get your big white ass in there whore, the girl yelled slapping her ass hard in
back.  I don't have all day.

Donna practically dived in the room in her haste.  Her ass stung in back.

The room was an average dorm room.  Very small no bathroom.  At least it was a
single room, she thought as the girl entered the room behind her and closed the
door.   She glanced around at the pictures on the wall only to have her ass hit
again.

Strip whore.  I want to see that nasty white body that belongs to me.

The girl walked over and sat on the desk chair as Donna unbuttoned her blouse
and let it drop to the floor.  Unzipping her shirt, she let it drop down her wet
thighs.

Get that bra and panties off too, the girl demanded.   Show your mistress your
big white flabby tits.

Donna saw the smirk in the girl face and knew not to displease her as she unhook
her bra and then lowered her panties and stepped out of them.  She tried to
cover her boobs and cunt with her hands as she stood there naked in front of a
girl half her age.

Put those hands to your side, the girl demanded, if you know what is good for
you.  Walk around the room till I tell you to stop.  Wiggle that big white ass
for me real good or I'll just have to put it over my lap and give it what it
deserves.

Donna started walking around the room much like she did in her normal classes in
front of the boys.  Her ass swayed from side to side in its normal teasing
manner as her boobs bounced on her chest as the wandered. 

Not bad for an old white whore like you, the girl exclaimed smiling as she
passed.  But I had seen you do much better in a classroom.  Get over my lap now
whore.

Donna started to protest but knew it wouldn't do any good.  The girl had her now
and she just had to go along with her or else lose her job.   She walked over to
the girl and bent over her lap like a young girl being spanked by her mother for
being bad.   She felt the girl grab her ass cheek in back and adjusted her to
the position she wanted.

Now its time for my little white whore teach to learn her proper manners and to
do what she is told, the girl told her grabbing her right arm and pinning it
behind her back.  Are you ready to become a proper white whore teach for me now,
she asked?

Yes mistress, Donna replied meekly from her position below.  Her ass cheeks
clinched in anticipation of what was going to happen next.

Whap.

Ahhhhh.

Whap, whap.

Donna squirmed.  The girl had slapped her ass as hard as she could and the sting
was unbearable.  She tried to reach back to grab her ass as the next several
blows landed but couldn't with her hand pinned.

Whap, whap, whap.

Donna squirmed miserably on the girl lap.  The pain was unbearable.  Tears
formed in her eyes.

Please, please, she yelled out.

Whap, whap.

Are you ready to be my little white whore teach and obey me without question
again, the girl demanded.

Whap, whap.

Yes mistress, Donna yelled.  I'm your little white whore teach.  Please
mistress, no more.

Whap, whap.

Good, the girl laughed as Donna started crying.  Now get on your knees in front
of me.

Donna crawled off the girl lap still crying and sat on her knees in front of the
girl.  She had spread her thighs exposing her cunt to her view.  She could smell
her juices as she stared with lust at the thing she had admired all through her
lunch.

Look at mistress cunt, the girl remarked above her.  From now on, your whole
purpose in life will be to please my cunt and ass upon demand.  Do you
understand, whore?

Yes mistress, Donna replied fighting back her tears and starting to get wet
again looking at the creamy morsel.

Good.  The girl exclaimed.  Time to lick cunt you nasty white whore.

Donna felt the girl grab her long blond hair at the top and pushed her face deep
in her cunt.

Licky whore.  Tongue my clit you white bitch.

Donna continued to tongue the girl's wet cunt.  Her ass was still stinging from
the beating it took earlier but now her cunt was flowing from the tingling
feeling.  She lapped her clit up and down and worked her tongue deep inside. 
Her cunt tasted so good.

That's it teach whore.  Shove that tongue deep inside.  The girl commanded
wrapping her legs around Donna head driving her farther and farther in her
pussy.

Donna felt the girl body shake and the juices flow in her mouth.  She kept
licking as the girl rocked up and down her face.  Finally she unlocked her legs
and pushed her back.

On the floor whore, the girl yelled at her. 

Donna lay down on the carpet floor on her back not knowing what was next.  She
wanted to rub her own clit as the heat between her legs was getting desperate
for relief.  She glanced up to see the girl walk over and straddled her head
with her feet.  She wiggled her ass above her as Donna admired the slender brown
butt.  She watched in anticipation as it slowly descended down towards her face.

I want to feel that nasty fuck hole of yours in my asshole, the girl called
down.  Worship my ass you fat white bitch.  Kiss it all over and then shove your
shitty tongue in here.

The girl ass was only inches from her face as Donna pushed her face up to meet
it.  She started kissing her brown cheeks all over and then kissing between
them.  As it kept lowering, she pressed her tongue at the anus opening and
started pushing it inside.  The girl was fairly clean, as she tongued her way in
and started using her tongue as a fucking machine.  The girl was moaning above
her and Donna knew she was doing a fair job getting more and more excited
herself.  Her asshole was clenching around her tongue as she continued pushing
in and out till she felt the girl explode and grinding her ass wildly on her
face.  Her own thighs were trashing wildly trying to get some fiction on her own
cunt.  She could hear the door to the room open but the ass on her face was
still firmly seated so she couldn't move.

Hi Sharon, the girl sitting on her face called out.

My, my.  What have we here?  Is that Miss Winters down there tonguing your ass?

Donna immediately recognized the voice.  It was one of her former students she
had failed in her course.  She despised the black girl the minute she had walk
in her class and done everything she could to make sure she didn't pass.    The
girl had even threatened to get even with one day.  She struggled to try to get
up in panic but the girl ass had her face pinned and her arms were pinned by her
thighs.

Caught her shoving that big dildo up there in her cunt after lunch.  The girl
sitting on her face laughed.  Thought we might have some fun with the old white
bitch.

Can't wait to, Sharon replied.  Keep her still Jade.

Donna finally quit struggled knowing she was now doomed to accept whatever the
girls decided to dish out.  She lay limp trying to breathe as the Jade ass was
smothering her face.  She felt a sharp pain to her clit and knew immediately
that Sharon had grabbed her clit with her fingers and were now pinching it hard.

Get those white legs of yours high in the air bitch.  I want to see that big
white ass of yours.  I knew someday it was going to belong to me. 

The pain on her clit was unbearable as Donna tried helplessly to raise her legs
high in the air. 

Grab her ankles and hold them up, Sharon told Jade above.  It's time to show
this bitch some proper respect for her betters.

Donna felt Jade hands grab her ankles above and pulled them farther up and over
her shoulders.  Her ass and cunt was readily available for whatever punishment
Sharon wanted to disk out.

Whap, Whap.

Donna screamed out in Jade asshole in pain.  The girl was spanking her ass with
her shoe. 

Whap, whap.

Ohhhhh.

Please, she screamed.

Whap whap.

Donna ass was thrashing wildly in response to the blows being delivered on her
ass.  Her ass was the only part of her body that could move with her arms and
legs pinned and her nose deep in Jade ass.

Please, she begged.  No more.  Please.

Whap, whap, whap.

Donna starting crying as Jade started rotating her ass on her face again in
excitement.

Finally it stopped.

Lick my asshole again whore.  Jade commanded from above.  I'm getting horny for
that nasty fuck tongue of yours.

Donna still crying worked her tongue back inside the girl's ass which offered no
resistance this time sliding in and out.

You know.  I think she was trying to get off in the wrong hole.  She heard
Sharon say and laugh above.  She must have thought she could cum with the dildo
in her cunt when she should have known what an asshole like her really needed. 

Donna felt the cold end of her dildo at her anus entrance.

Nooooooooooo.  She cried out in desperation.

Take this bitch.  Sharon yelled and shoved the dildo roughly inside.

OHHhhhhh.  NOoooooo. 

And now for the rest bitch, Sharon said thrusting more of the dildo deep inside
Donna abused asshole.

Awwllllllll.  My ass.  Ohhhhhhh.   My ass.

Donna was screaming in pain as the dildo plunged deep inside.  She knew her
asshole must be ripped to pieces as the pain shot all through her body.

Ohhhhhh.  Please, please, please, she yelled.

I think she finally found out what her big white ass needed all these years,
Sharon was saying from above.  She kept shaking it in class long enough and now
it found it's lover.  We are going to have so much fun.  Aren't we whore?

Yessssssss.  Anything you want mistress, Donna yelled.  Take it out please.  It
hurts.

The girls started laughing as Donna big ass swayed wilding.  Her ass was being
split in half by the dildo being shoved in roughly.  She tried to relax and let
it enter without resistance.

Look at the whore, Sharon remarked to Jade.  She starting to like having her big
white ass fucked.

Donna couldn't help it anymore.  Her cunt was dripping as she started to get
more and more excited by the intruder.  She had never tried anus sex before. 
She started pushing her big ass back and forth in response to the onslaught. 
The girls were laughing at her humiliation as she came closer and closer to
climax.

Tut, tut, Jade laughed.  Don't let her cum yet. 

No don't stop, Donna yelled out in frustration.

Sharon quit pushing the dildo in and out.  Donna tried to reach back to grab the
dildo herself to continue but Jade quickly slapped her hand away.

No playing with yourself without permission, Jade teased at the squirming body
of what once was a proud teacher of the school.  Get up bitch.

Donna tried to rise. The dildo was still shoved up her ass as Sharon had to help
her get to her feet.

Since little Miss Whitey is so proud of her big white ass, I think she should
have to run around the campus building once to show it like she does in school
all day.  Jade continued.

Noooooo.  Please.  Donna cried out in desperation.  I can't be seem like this.

Of course, you can.  Jade spat.  You been showing it for years and now everyone
gets to see for real.  If you hurry, I bet you can make it around without being
raped.  Most of the kids are out partying anyway.  So get moving slut.

Donna watched in horror as Sharon opened the dorm door.

No.  Please.  I'll be your slut.  Anything mistress.  Donna yelled.

Of course you will, Jade continued.  And I want everyone out there to know it. 
Get moving and don't lose your plug.

Slap, slap.

Jade started slapping her ass as Donna starting moving to the door. 

Run bitch.  Slap.  Slap.

Donna grabbed her dildo in her ass and ran out the door towards the nearest
hallway entrance.  Several girls were laughing as she ran by trying not to look
at them.  Swinging the door open, she ran out into the courtyard and started
around the building.  There were several young couples and girls outside all
staring at her in total surprise.  She heard whistles from the guys and sly
remarks from the girls as she passed mostly with her eyes closed.  She had never
ran so fast in her life as she had to keep the plug inserted with her hand as it
tried to wiggle out.  Her life was ruined for life, she thought, as they laughed
and jeered as she finally made her way around and back to the door only to find
it locked from the inside and Jade standing there.  The crowd had gathered
around the door as she tried to get in.

Wiggle that butt of yours for your fans if you want in, Jade smiled at her from
the inside.

Donna was in panic.  She started wiggling her ass in humiliation as instructed
as Jade finally opened the door.  She tried to get in only to have Jade blocking
her way inside.

On your hands and knees like a good bitch. Jade commanded.

Donna dropped to her hands and knees as demanded.  Anything to get away from all
the views and comments being said from behind her.

Good bitch, Jade said.  Patting her ass in front of the crowd.  Now crawl back
to my room so we can have some more fun.  Wiggle that ass for everyone and don't
let that dildo fall out.

Donna started crying as she made her way down the hall on her hands and knees in
front of all the girls standing there.  She had never been so humiliated in all
her life.  She couldn't face anyone at school anymore she thought as she felt
her ass being kicked every so often as she kept crawling.  What have I got
myself in for?  She couldn't help but cry louder.  She was in full tears as she
finally entered the dorm room again.  Sharon was standing there smiling down as
she crawled inside.

Come here puppy, she laughed.  Let me pet that ass of yours.  I bet it's pretty
rare from that plug shoved in there.

Donna made her way over still crying like a baby.

We're going to have lots of fun tonight but don't worry tomorrow you can go bak
to teaching as usual.  With a few changes of course, Sharon continued as they
both laughed.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





