BDSM Library - The Spanking Next Door




The Spanking Next Door
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is curious when she hears a spanking next door.  She thinks the mother is abusing the child but it turns out the opposite.  Then she is caught herself in the web.
Jean could hear the spanking next door.  She had heard it all this week and
started to report the mother several times but didn't want to get involved. 
Today, however, she decided enough was enough so she went to the neighbor
apartment and knocked on the door.

A young woman of 18 with blonde hair opened it.

I hear the spanking your mother was given you next door and I want to talk to
her for a minute.  I think it horrible for you to get a spanking at your age. 
She should be ashamed of herself, said Jean.

Oh, it's not me; I'm spanking her for being bad.  Come in.

Jean stood for a minute surprised but her curiously was too much so she entered
the room.  On the floor naked with her hands tied to the table leg was a woman
in her mid forties.  Her ass was totally red and sticking up while her head was
on the floor. 

Jean stunned at the sight of the woman froze in place.  The young girl picked
the paddle up again and walked behind the woman and slapped her ass with it 5
more times while she pleaded to be a good little girl.  Jean found herself
getting wet watching the sight and didn't' move to the girl return and asked her
if she wanted a drink.

Yes please, she said, as the girl showed her the couch and she sat down.  The
young girl then proceeded to untie the woman on the floor and slapping her ass
with her hand told her to go get them drinks, which she hurriedly complied.

She's being punished for using too much makeup, the girl told Jean sitting down
on the couch beside her.  When was the last time you were punished for being
bad?

Jean sat nervously keeping her legs together to not display her wetness.  I'm
too old to be punished and besides, I am a working mother who doesn't have time
for childish games.  Your mother should be reported for her naughtiness and you
young lady should be punished for doing what I saw you do.  She started to say
something else, when she felt the girl pushed her hand between her legs and felt
her wetness.  She tried to close them tighter but the mother walked in and bent
forward to give them the drinks while her tits were right in front of Jean
causing her get wetter thinking about sucking on them.

Looks like you're hot slut said the girl.  By the way, my name if Candy and this
is my slut mom Lorie.  Lorie turned around so she can see how red your ass is.

Jean stared at the red ass just inches from her face.  The pussy rubbing she was
getting was making her hot as hell.  She was trying to protest but the words
refused to come out as she was staring at the woman asshole and wishing she
could plant kisses all over it.

Having a wet dream, aren't we, said Candy stroking Jean' pussy more aggressively
now that her legs had spread farther apart.  Moms spread your ass and show your
asshole to our new slut here. 

Jean stared as the woman spread her ass exposing her asshole directly in front
of her.  She was hot as hell and wanted to shove her face in there and lick her
bud.  Candy must have read her thoughts because she demanded she lick her mother
ass.  Hesitating for a moment, Jean couldn't take it any longer.  Her pussy was
aching and she had always dream of having sex with another woman and having to
lick their ass.  Slowly she bent forward and started rolling her tongue around
the rosebud before she started trying to shove it in her ass.  Candy had removed
her hand from her pussy and was lifting her dress up in back while she raised
her ass to let her.  Her panties she felt being pulled down moments later.

I want you to continue to lick mother ass while I punish you for the way you
talked to me earlier, she said.  Raising her hand, she brought it down hard on
Jean ass causing her tongue to go deeper in Lorie ass whom was just standing and
moaning.   She knew it was wrong and that slap hurt but she was in lust and
drove her tongue deeper. Candy continued to spank her ass while her tongue was
driving Lorie wild.  She was now wiggling her ass to meet the spanks and wanted
more.  The pain was now gone but the need to come was at its highest level. 
Just as she was feeling it closing in, Cathy quit.

Get your clothes off slut and you can join mom as my slave.  Hurry up or you
wish her ass never came over here.

Jean removed her face from Lorie ass and all her clothes like a young girl. 
When she was totally nude, Candy told her mother to take her to the table and
tie her the same way she was earlier.  Jean didn't resist as Lorie grabbed her
arm and led her over.  She got on the floor with her head down and ass raised as
Lories tied her hands up.  Candy came over and grabbing a rope tied her ankles
together also.

Since you are a noisy little slut, I'm going to let mom hand spank you ass
thirty times.  Lorie, get back there and I better hear her yell or you're next. 
Taking a small paddle from the table she showed to Jean and told her she was
going to use it on her tits at the same time.  Jean started to protest when the
first slap on her ass arrived and she moaned in pain.  A slap to her tit made
her scream.  She was used to an ass spanking but her tits were very sensitive
and it hurt like hell.  She started to say something when the hits came again
causing her to cut short her words and yell.  The next 5 minutes she was in
total pain as the women proceeded to work her over.  By the 15 spank she was no
longer moaning but begging her new mistress for mercy.  She would be a good
little slut and do anything she wanted.  Cathy just smiled down and said she
knew she would and delivered two more quick slaps to her tits causing her to
scream again.

Finally it was over as Jean just lay there like a baby crying.  Cathy placed her
foot in front of her face and told her to lick it as she proceeded to do with
tears running down.  Tell me slut, she said, when is your daughter coming home
tonight.

Jean in all her excitement had forgotten all about Lynn her daughter who should
have been home by now.  She begged Candy to release her because her daughter was
home and would be worried where she was.

No problem, slut.  Mom will be glad to go over there and bring her over here. 
Lorie get a gown on and go get slut daughter.

Please, no, not like this, yell Jean trying to free her hands.  She can't see me
like this.

Of course, she can, said Candy slapping her ass.  I think it will be fun to see
her expression of her mother getting her ass whipped by a girl half her age. 
I'm sure she'll want to spank it too.  Look at the puddle you made on the floor

Jean started crying as she heard Lorie closed the door as she stepped out.  She
couldn't bare the thought of her daughter seeing her like this, dripping cum on
the floor and her red ass sticking up.  She started crying again, as Candy got
up and brought a bottle filled with liquid from the kitchen.  Slapping her tits,
she made her open her mouth and shoved the bottle in it.

If that bottle falls out of your mouth, I'm going to whack those tits of yours
so you'll never be able to wear a bra again.  They were interrupted by the sound
of the door opening as Jean cling in fear with the bottle in her mouth.  She
heard footsteps behind her.

Mom, I can't believe it is you.  When Lorie told me I thought she was lying.  I
didn't know you were into such things.  Boy it's a good thing dad didn't see
this while you were married to him.

Cathy got up and introduced herself and told her of how her mother had been bad. 
She made it sound like Jean had been playing with her pussy the whole time she
was there and got so excited she started playing with her mother when she caught
them.    Jean was trying to shake her head but she didn't dare let the bottle
drop from her mouth.

Your mother still has some white places on her ass if you want to punish her,
said Candy.  Think of all the times she did yours for lesser offenses.  Here's
my paddle if you want.

Gladly, said Lynn taking the small paddle from Cathy.

Mom, she said, it time your ass had a taste of it's own medicine, she said and
raising the paddle brought it down hard on Jean ass causing her to almost bite
the bottle nipple in half.

Take that, and this.  Spank, spank, spank.  Get that butt higher.

Jean ass was hurting all over from the paddling as she sucked the last from the
bottle.

Did I tell you how I caught her tonguing mom ass when I came in, said Candy? 
Lorie show Lynn your ass.  I think my mom needs a little of that paddle too,
don't you think.

Lynn eagerly agreed and started whacking on Lorie large ass with the paddle,
while Candy took a seat on Jean back.

Make her jump around with it, she said.  Believe me she's used to it and can
take a lot more than that.  She reached back and taking the bottle from Jean
mouth, proceeded to spread Jean ass cheeks.  Time to feed the other end she said
as she tried to shove the nipple in her asshole and push it in.

Jean lay moaning as Lorie was now shuffling her feet on the floor trying to
prevent the blows from falling on the same spot.

I think I'm really going to enjoy this, said Lynn striking the redden ass hard. 
It's nice to be in charge for awhile.

Just wait a while, and we'll let them lick our pussies and asses, said Candy. 
They're very good at that.


Lynn finally tired of spanking Lorie ass and looked over to see Cathy poking her
mother Jean ass with the bottle.  She was hot as hell and her pussy was
dripping.  She had redden Lorie ass till it was totally red and she was enjoying
the feel of power she just found.  She was obsessed with the thought and wanted
a lot more.

Give me the bottle; she said to Cathy, I think mother needs her ass cleaned real
good.  Leave the middle in till I get back. 

Cathy enjoying the sound of her new friend and ideas unscrewed the bottle from
the nipple and gave it to Lynn who took it and proceeded to the kitchen.  She
returned seconds later with a full bottle of milk.  Cathy help her screw it in
and then got off Jean so Lynn could pump the bottle up her ass.  Jean was
moaning loudly as Cathy pushed the bottle this way and that and slapped her ass
while she was doing it.

I think our baby is enjoying her feeding said Lynn.  See how she is sucking the
milk up her ass.  Since she likes wine so much, I think I'll feed her a bottle
later this way.

Cathy told Lorie to get down on the floor and lick Lynn pussy as she watched
from the couch.  The ideas she had for the older women was too much as she
started rubbing her pussy watching the event.  Lynn was a total bitch like her
and they were going to really get along well.  She watched as Lynn came on her
mother face and finally drained the last of the bottle in her mother's ass.

She told Lorie to untie the new slut and take her to the bathroom so she could
relieve her ass and take a quick shower and return.  If she disobeys, you have
my permission to spank her ass she told Lorie who was grinning and untying Jean. 
When Jean was untied, Lorie grabbed her hair and led her to the bathroom while
Lynn came and sat down by her.  They could hear some slaps and knew Lorie was
having some fun with Jean.  Both girls still excited started rubbing their
pussies and finally got in a sixty-nine position on the couch.  They enjoyed
each others pussies and came on each other faces.  Grabbing a snack, they sat
back on the sofa and awaited the return of the mothers.  Cathy had made several
suggestions to Lynn on things she should try.

Lorie finally returned with Jean crawling on all fours behind her.  Cathy made
Lorie get on all fours in front of them.

Let's take them for a pony ride, she suggested and mounted Lorie on the back as
Lynn got up and got on top of Jean.  Three trips around the room should be
enough to warm their big fannies up, she said, grabbing her mother by the hair
and bringing her hand down hard on her ass.  Lynn proceeded to do the same,
enjoying the squeal Jean made after her sore ass was hit.  Each girl was trying
to edge her horse ahead with more rapid slaps as the women crawled and begged
for them for mercy.   When they tired out, Cathy had them lay on the floor on
their backs as her and Lynn proceeded to take seats on their faces so they could
be eaten.

Let's go shopping in a while and get your slut some new clothes, Cathy
suggested.  I know a store where they can try them on.  The saleslady if young
and love to spank older women asses.

Love to, say Lynn, moaning as Jean proceeded to tongue her ass.

The young ladies finally tired of their mother's tongues and Cathy told Lorie to
get dressed and dressed the new slut also with one of her outfits.   Both ladies
returned in 10 minutes in white blouses and small plaid mini-shirts and
snickers.  Jean was totally embarrassed as she stood looking down trying to
avoid the smiling face of her daughter Lynn.  Cathy told them both to turn
around and bend over which may Lynn laugh.  Neither had on any underwear and
their white asses flashed from underneath the skirt.

Come-on sluts said Cathy.  Shopping time.  Jean tried to protest but Lynn
squeezed her nipple in the blouse and told her to get her ass in gear or she
would spank her in the parking lot.  She was now truly enjoying the power over
her mother and would too.  They followed the mothers outside chatting about the
skirt fits while they tired to walk slow to keep the skirts from rising.  Both
entered the car backwards which made Lynn laugh as she saw her mother pussy
flash underneath.   Her and Cathy sat in the back and talked about the things
they would enjoy doing in the future when they arrived at the department store. 
They walked in and saw a young black girl working the counter of the clothing
department.

Hi Cathy, said June.  I see your mother needs some new clothes.  Who this lady?

This is my new friend Lynn and her slut mother Jean, replied Cathy.  I want her
to try on some new clothes.  Mom got plenty for now.  Mom go and buy me and Lynn
some new negligee while we have Jean fitted.  We'll be in the dressing room when
you get back.

June looked Jean over and then told Cathy and Lynn to take her to the dressing
room.  They waited a while on the stools inside and made Jean remove her top and
skirt for her fitting.  She was standing naked in the middle of the room when
June came in with several skirts and blouses which she knew was too small.  She
gave one of the tops to Jean and told her to put it on while she toyed with her
tits squeezing them and pinching them.  Jean tried desperately to button the
blouse quickly to avoid any more of her tit torture but the blouse wouldn't even
go around his shoulders as she tugged.

Two more sizes up should be perfect, said June squeezing the nipples hard. 
Remove the top slut; she said playing with them more.  When had the top off June
reached down and picked up a plaid skirt which wrapped around in back.  This is
a perfect skirt, she said, demanding Jean to turn around while she tired to put
it on.  This way you can do this to your slut at any time you please.  With that
she shoved her finger deep in Jean ass as she was trying to get the skirt around
causing her to jump unexpectively upwards.  Both Cathy and Lynn laughed and
agreed while she continued to plunge her finger deep in her asshole.  When it
was finally hooked with June hand underneath, June made her bend over and spread
her ass till she was through with her fun.

Her ass looks awful cold from the chill, she said to Cathy and Lynn.  May I warm
it up a bit?

Both girls agreed as June made her bend over farther and raised the skirt to her
waist.  She started spanking her globes with no particular place as Jean shifted
her weight from foot to floor.  Much better, said June, as the globes turned
bright red.

Why don't you enjoy that talented tongue of hers while we finish shopping said
Cathy leading Lynn out the room.  If mother gets back have her stay till we
returned.  If the slut does a poor job, I'll make her walk back to the car
naked.

Great idea, said June, removing her blouse and skirt.  Lowering her panties in
front of Jean, she rubbed her pussy.  Take your time.  I think the slut wants my
pussy for a while.  I have the clothes ready when you return.

The girls spent the next hour shopping around the mall buying this or that and
return to find June back at the counter with several bags packed.  I left the
sluts in the dressing room, she said.  My ass and pussy is still tingling from
all the licking they did.  You'll have to let me borrow them for a while one
night.

Be glad too, said Cathy, as they entered the dressing room to find both ladies
dress on the floor with their skirts raised and asses bared for view.  Across
their butts, June had written slut across their asses with lipstick to their
amusement.

Cathy told them to get up and lower their dresses and move their asses as they
walked back to the car.  She sat in back with Jean while Lynn sat with Lorie in
front.  She told Lorie to wait before starting the car and grabbed Jean by the
hair and forcing her head down in her lap as she lifted her dress up exposing
her bare pussy.  Get busy and lick my pussy slut, she said lifting Jean dress up
in back and pushing her finger in her asshole.  Better hurry before someone
comes by and sees that big ass of yours. 

Lynn was excited at the sight of her mother face in Cathy pussy while her ass
was sticking up at the window bared and with a finger shoved in.  Seeing Lorie
looking back, she grabbed her hair and proceeded to push her face down in her
pussy the same way.  She roughly shove two fingers in her already loosen ass and
she was licking feverously to get her off fast before someone came by.  If
someone did, they wouldn't have noticed it as they climaxed on the faces below.
Cathy made each clean their fingers with their mouths before she told Lorie to
drive.  She was hungry; she said and knew a perfect little Mexican restaurant
where they could go.  She was tugging on Jean tit as Lorie drove to the place
and all got out.

The restaurant was a small place and pretty run down.  They was greeted by an
elderly Mexican lady who seated them.  Apparently, she knew Cathy well and told
her she would close the store down for her privacy while they ate.  The girls
ordered meal and drink while demanding the slut get on their knees beside their
chairs.  A plate of refried beans was ordered for the sluts. 

While they did small talk, a Mexican man arrived totally naked with bells
attached to his nipples and cock walked in with their meals and placed them on
the table.  The elderly woman then appeared with two young Mexican boys about
the age of the girls.  Both carried a bowl filled with the beans and placed them
on the floor below the grown women.  The woman demanded the man get under the
table and service the ladies pussies while they ate.  Cathy also demanded both
Jean and Lorie to get on all fours and eat their food from the bowls.

As they bent over their asses were exposed.  Let the boys have their fun, said
Cathy.

The Mexican lady said something to the boys as they got behind the grown women
and starting rubbing their cocks on their assholes.  Jean started protesting but
the Mexican lady had a small riding crop and hit her ass hard with it and told
her to get eating.  When she began, she felt the cock at her entrance and was
pushing to get in despite her efforts to keep her asshole tight while she ate
from the bowl.  She failed and the boy had pushed in and was riding her ass. 
Her face was pushed into the bowl and covered with beans as she tried to eat
with the cock buried deep in her asshole.  The pain was hard but the beans was
all in her nose and breathing was difficult.  The Mexican lady was busy striking
their asses with the crop telling them to hurry.

Cathy and Lynn watched in amusement as they ate and had their pussies tongued in
the process.  The food is really good, said Cathy to the Mexican lady.  I sure
the sluts will be pleased to reward you after they have eaten.

When Jean and Lorie was done, the Mexican lady had each clean the beans off each
other faces and told the boys to get the dishes and leave.  She removed all her
clothing with her big breasts and hairy pussy exposed.   Time for dessert, she
told Jean and Lorie.  She made Lorie crawl behind and tongue her ass while Jean
was demanded to lick her pussy.  The girls had climax during their meal and was
now resting at the table while the men continued to massage their cunts with his
tongue.

If you want a fuck, I'm sure it can be arranged, said Cathy. 

Maybe later said Lynn, I got some catching up to do and am enjoying the tonguing
for now.

When the Mexican lady climax, she made both women get down and lick her feet. 
When she was satisfied, she told them to get the girls plates and carried them
to the kitchen.  The Mexican lady was trying to get Cathy to let her hire them
part time so she could use them but Cathy said they didn't have time at present
but she may consider it later.  She thanked the lady as they got up and decided
it was time to call it a day.

You can sleep over at my house, she told Lynn.  I have sleeping arrangements
already in mind.

Just a fantasy, how was yours.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





