BDSM Library - The Store Owner




The Store Owner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A store owner suspect two black girls are into mischief as she decides to keep a close eye on them.  Too close for her good.
The Store Owner

Kate was watching two young black ladies looking at dresses in the corner of the
dress store.  She just knew they were going to try to slip out with one so she
decided to go over and check them out.

Excuse me, are you ladies looking for any particular dress.  If so I may be able
to help you.

Well let you know if we want you help, said one of the girls in an unpleasant
tone back to Kate.  Meanwhile go back to your counter unless we call for you.

Kate was personally insulted, but she went back to the counter anyway.  I'll
just have to keep an eye on these two she thought.  If I didn't need the
business, I would kick their asses out of here.  How dare they talk to her that
way?

She watched as the girls started look at the negligee and panties.  They would
occasionally look her way and turn around.  She could swear they were wiggling
their asses at her as she continued watching.  She found herself getting excited
looking at the young girls butts.  She had never been a lesbian but their butts
did look perfectly formed.  Perfect for kicking, she thought returning to her
work.  However, she tried to concentrate, she kept finding herself looking up
and getting the same views.  Damn, she thought, I must be losing my mind.

She watched the young ladies gather several panties and negligee and head for
the dressing room.  She waited for a while but they remained in there and she
could hear giggling sounds.  No telling what they're doing with those clothes
she thought.  I better go in and take a peak.

Kate cracked the curtain of the dressing room and looked inside.  One of the
girls had on one of the negligee and was lying on a bench while the other girl
was licking her pussy.  She didn't think about the negligee, but only the girl
on the bench and how pretty she looked.  She knew she should break it up, but
she found herself getting exciting from watching and slowly moved her hands down
to her own pussy and started stroking it through her panties.  The girl on the
bench was telling the other about what they were going to do to an elderly white
lady they must have enslaved tonight.  Kate listened to the conversation and
found herself getting more and more excited.  She slowly moved her panties down
and started stroking her pussy harder as she watched the pussy licking in front
of her and the talk of beating up a white lady.  They were going to make her
lick their ass while they fuck hers.

Kate dress was now raised up to her waist and her pussy was stroking in full
force.  She was horny as hell and she never knew she had these feelings.  Her
finger quit stroking and started pushing in and out of her pussy when suddenly
she felt something push her on the ass in back hurling her into the dressing
room on the floor.  Her finger was still inserted in her pussy as she hit the
floor.  Both girls turned around immediately.

Hi, mom said one of the girls looking up.

I saw this slut store manger playing with her pussy while ya were having fun,
the mother said.  Her ass was moving all around and her finger was going in and
out of her pussy.  What do you think we should do to her?  Maybe we should tell
everyone we see or post some signs around the place.

No, said Kate, totally embarrassed and humiliated on the floor.  She removed her
finger from her cunt and tried to cover her ass on the floor.   Her panties were
still down to her ankles.

I think she needs a spanking mom, I told her not to brother us while we were
shopping.

Well slut, do you want a spanking or should we tell everyone in neighborhood of
how we caught you masturbating watching two young black ladies in the dressing
room.  What should it be?

A spanking mam, said Kate looking down at the floor.  She knew she was in
trouble and the store business had not been too good lately.  She couldn't
afford a scandal like this to get out.  Especially, if her daughter found out. 
Damn, she was still hot even though she was in big trouble.

Remove all your clothes and crawl over to my daughter on the bench and ask her
to spank your big white ass.

Kate removed her dress and bra.  Her panties slipped off her ankles easily as
she started the long crawl over to the young girl in the store negligee who was
having her pussy licked.  She didn't look up as she arrived.  Please mam, spank
my big white ass.

The girl told her to head on the floor as she got up and slowly sat on the back
of her head.  She could fell her pussy juice on her hair as the negligee covered
her face from below.  She suddenly felt the sting on her ass as the hand landed
on her butt.  It hurt like hell but the next blow rained down almost immediately
afterwards causing her to moan from the pain.  The girl kept pouring it own as
she found herself crying and pleading with her to stop.  She knew she couldn't
take much more and was promising anything if she would only cease. 

Finally, she stopped as she lay sobbing on the floor underneath her ass.  She
was glad her face was hidden or she would have died from embarrassment.  The
girl was now stroking her ass globes and she felt the warmest of her hands and
how good it felt.  She was getting horny again between sobs as the girl touched
her pussy and started stroking it.  Damn, it felt good as she tried to wiggle
her ass to let her hand get more of it.  She was starting to cum when the girl
stopped and spread her ass wide.  She felt something cold on her asshole and
realized what it might be.  She had never been fucked in the ass before.

No, no.  She yelled as she felt the intruder enter her bum hole.  Please no. 
She tried to tighten her ass muscles but the girl slapped her ass and told her
to relax them or she'll get another spanking and fucked anyway.  She moaned as
the intruder slowing made it way all the way in despite her resistance.  The
pain was horrible at first but now that it was in she started to relax, as the
feeling was turning more pleasant.  She felt it being withdrawn slowing and
reinserted again and again as she lay underneath the girl ass on the cold floor
with her ass high and being fucked.  She was more excited than she had ever
been.

Fuck it good, the girl said, I want this white woman to learn not to fuck with
her betters when they are busy.

Kate was moaning as she felt she was close to cumming.  She had never felt this
good.  The humiliation was adding to the effect of the ass rimming as she had to
cum soon.  She was busting with pleasure.

The old slut wants to come said the girl.  Remove the cock from her ass.  I want
her to get on her back and lick my ass while you fuck her pussy.  That will
teach her to keep it shut unless we tell her to open it.  Turn around slut and
lay flat on the floor.

As the girl rose up, Kate turned around and lay on the floor.  She could see the
young girl as underneath the pink nighty as she slowly lowered it down on her
face with the gown covering her vision again.  She felt someone lifting her legs
up and then felt the intruder at the entrance of her pussy.  It felt so good as
she starting rimming the girl ass.  First, she worked around the asshole but as
she felt the cock in her pussy she got so excited she move her tongue to the
asshole and started working it in and out.

Boy what an old white slut this one is mom.  Can we keep her and used her like
the one you have at home.

Of course dear.  I just shot the last of two rolls of film and I'm sure this
bitch doesn't want it published all over town.  My rich bitch will have a new
pet for a partner.  It took me a year to train her but I'm sure with all the
practice you have had, you want have much trouble with this one.  Just look at
how she rocking on that dildo.  You would think she hadn't been fucked in years.

Kate heard their conversation, but at present didn't care much.  She had just
came and wanted to cum again.  Her tongue was buried deep in the girl ass as she
tried to wiggle it inside.  Please, make me cum again she thought.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





