BDSM Library - A Wicked Beginning




A Wicked Beginning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girlfrient offers to turn my mother into a slave like hers.  The offer is too good to turn down.
A Wicked Beginning

Mary Ann, my neighbor, and I were both sun tanning in the back yard.  We had
both graduated from high school and decided to attend the same college this
fall.   They had just move in about 6 months ago and we became friends right off
the start. 

I was laying on the lawn yard in my bikini constantly complaining about mom and
how she grounded me again this weekend.

Sounds to me like you need to take charge of your mother and make her your
slave, Mary Ann said on the other chair.

I laughed at her comments but loved the idea.

Sure, I replied laughing.  I'll do that today.   I'll even bring her out and
spank her butt for you, I continued laughing.

I'm serious.  I've seen your mother and she's just as submissive as mine.  She
would make an easy slave with little effort.

Come on.  You can't be serious, I replied.  Like your mother is really your
slave.  You've been dreaming.  The thought was turning me on but I knew it was
just a dream.

She is, Mary Ann replied.  Wait here and I'll prove it.

I watched as she got up and went into her house.  Smiling, I wondered what trick
she was up to.  I had to admit my crotch was getting wet with the thought of
mother serving me anyway I wished.  She had been a bitch lately getting on to me
for everything.  Ever since dad passed away, it was always do this or do that
while she sat on her big ass watching TV or talking to friends.  I heard a
ruffle behind and leaned on my side to see Mary Ann and her mother Jean coming
up.  Jean was dressed in a sundress as she walked up to my side.  Her face was
flushed as I looked up in surprise at how she looked.

Slap.

Mary Ann had slapped her mother on her ass.

Tell Linda what you are mother, Mary Ann demanded with her hands on her hips.

I am Mary Ann slut and slave.  I do whatever she commands me to do.  I am
nothing but a worthless whore and cunt that is here to please her daughter.

I couldn't believe what she had just said.  My crotch was really starting to get
wet now as I just watched her standing there like a defeated pup all red in the
face in humiliation.

Bend over mother and prepare for your morning spanking, Mary Ann continued.

I watched in awe as Jean turned around and bend over.  Then she lifted her
sundress up in back exposing her large bare ass to the bright heat of the sun. 
I was so excited seeing her being humiliated like this that I was actually
rubbing my crotch as Mary Ann came up behind her.  She quickly raised her hand
bringing it down hard across her big right ass cheek making it spread so that I
could see her brown hole between the mounds.

Thank you mistress, please spank me again.

Mary Ann repeated the performance on the other cheek as I could see her
handprint in red upon her big butt.  I was so excited watching her being spanked
like a child and begging for more that I was rubbing my cunt rapidly and closing
fast on cumming.  After about twenty, Mary Ann stopped and walked to a nearby
tree breaking off a twig from it before returning.  Her mother remained in
position as I continued rubbing watching her ass squirming bend over as she was.

Where do my slut last five switches go, Mary Ann teased when she returned?

Between my big ass mistress, Jean gasped, and then to my surprise reached back
with her hands spreading her ass wide apart so that her asshole was well open. 
I came at the sight.

Mary Ann quickly brought the switch down between her creamy thighs as she jumped
up from the pain and then begged again for another.  The next four was about the
same.

Now get on all fours and crawl back to the house slut, Mary Ann demanded.  Keep
that dress up on your back so Linda can see what a true slut you are.

I watched as Jean got down on all fours and lifted her dress up high on her back
and started crawling.  Her ass was all red and striped from her beating and was
swaying from side to side as she crawled.

How did you do it, I asked in awe at what I had just witness.

It was easy, Mary Ann replied.  First I caught her reading stories and searching
the web on being dominated so one day I decided to try it on her.  I caught her
masturbating with a story at night and then walked in and demanded to spank her
butt right there on the spot.  She was so humiliated she was easy to dominate. 
After that, the rest was easy as I get coming up with new ideas to punish her
and treat her for what she wants to be.  A whore.  Your mother has all the same
symptoms.  I've seen her showing her butt off to the yard boy several times.

I have to admit, I wish it were true, I replied.  I would truly enjoying doing
to her what you just did to your mother.

And that's not all, Mary Ann said.  She will service me in any way I want,
begging to lick my pussy and ass daily.

I was getting more and more excited at the thought of mother kissing my ass
after I had just spanked her butt.

I would love my mother to be my slave, I replied, but it would never happen. 
She is such a tight ass.

Didn't you say you were going to visit your Aunt tomorrow for a week?  Give me a
week with your mother and I'll make her your slave.  Of course, you're will have
to do something for me in return.

I was so excited by the thought that I would have agreed to anything.  Sure tell
me what you want, I replied.

Once your mother is a slave, you'll have to agree to be my slave for a week, she
giggled.  A small price for making your mother a lifetime slave.

I quickly agreed.  I had never been with a woman before but the thought of
mother serving me was so deep in my mind I would have agreed to a month.  Sure,
I replied.

We continued to lie on the chairs sunbathing till Mary Ann said she had to go
punish her slut again.  She told me she probably had masturbated being made a
slut in front of me.  I watched her go and then went inside to my room,
masturbating again.

The next day, I left for my Aunt.  I knew Mary Ann wouldn't succeed but the
thought was still exciting.

One week later.

I arrived home to find the house was empty.  Mother was normally home by now.  I
quickly showered and put on my jogging clothes when I heard the doorbell ring. 
Mary Ann was standing there smiling.

Don't you want to meet your new mother after a week of being gone, she giggled?

I couldn't believe she might have succeeded.  I stood there speechless for a
moment.

She is such a slut.  Always playing with herself.  My hand is all worn out
spanking her big butt and tits, Mary Ann continued.  Follow me and I'll show you
the new slave.

I quickly follow her out the door towards her house.  My cunt was getting wet at
the thought of mother serving her for a week.  I couldn't wait trying to keep
pace as best I could.  We entered her house.

Jean was in the living room dusting the tables with nothing on but an apron.  
There was a duster in her butt that she was wagging across the tables trying not
to knock anything off.  I had to smile at the sight of her plight and
humiliation.

Where is the new slut, Mary Ann demanded?

She is in the bathroom cleaning mistress, Jean replied trying not to look at me. 
She needs to be punished again for the bad job she did in there the first time.

Go get the slut and bring her here this minute, Mary Jane demanded.

Yes mistress, Jean replied as I watched her hurry towards the bathroom.  I was
creaming in my pants just thinking how mother must look.  I would never have
thought it was possible and most of all I didn't know how I would react.   We
both just stood there.

I saw Jean returning down the hall holding mother head by her earlobe.  Mother
was bent over and naked as she entered the room with her huge boobs just hanging
down with little bells attached to her nipples.  Between her legs, I saw a leash
attached just hanging as I smiled at her plight.  She was still looking down
begging Jean to release her ear when she entered and never saw me standing
there. 

Jean immediately turned her around so that her large ass was towards me.  It had
stripes across her white cheeks I noticed.  There was also a plug inserted in
her butt with a tail sticking out that I realized must be her own hair.  I
almost laughed out loud at the sight.

Has my puppy slut been bad today, Mary Ann demanded?

Woof, woof.  Mother replied as I held my hand over my mouth to get from
laughing.

Mary Ann walked over and I noticed she grabbed a belt off the table.  It was one
of mother favorite dress belts, as I remained quiet watching on.  I put my hands
in my jogging pants and started rubbing my pussy dying to see her large ass
being belted.  My wait was not long as Mary Jane brought the belt down hard
across her large orbs.

Ahhhhhh.  Mother yelled.  Woof, woof.

She wiggled her ass.

Whap.

Another slap with the belt and mother repeated the performance as I started
rubbing my clit in haste.

After the tenth hit, Mary Jane stopped.

Is my puppy slut going to be a good little doggy for mistress, she asked?

Woof, woof, mother yelled wiggling her big fanny quickly to reply.

Turn around dog and see your new Mistress.

Mother turned around and immediately recognized me standing there with my hands
in my jogging pants rubbing my clit.

She screamed in surprise and turned red all over before running for the bedroom. 
Her ass was walloping wildly due to the tail in her butt as I started laughing
at her plight.

Slut, go get puppy and bring her back out.  She is going to be punished
thoroughly for that.  We'll be outside on the lawn chairs.

Yes mistress, I noticed Jean smiling for the first time and then started towards
the bedroom.

I followed Mary Ann outside the door asking her a million questions at once.  I
was so excited I almost came in my pants.  Mary Ann explained in detail how she
did it as we undressed and lay in the chairs totally naked.  Both of us were
rubbing our clits masturbating as we rambled on in conversion.  There was no
longer any need to get in our bikinis now.

I saw Jean coming out the door with mother following behind being led by her
cunt leash.  She was begging Jean as she followed and her face was covered in
tears.  Jean was enjoying pulling her cunt lips with the leash as she pulled her
along.

I couldn't believe seeing my own mother with all her pride being cunt led over
to our chairs.  I reached between my legs and rub my cunt eagerly just with the
thought of pulling her leash myself.  She tried to avoid eye contact as she
arrived and stood straight up awaiting a command.

How do you think she should be punished?  Mary Ann asked.

Mom looked at me in shock and desperation.  I figured she hoped I would let her
off easy.  Instead, I got up and went to the nearby tree and broke off a branch.

Walk the slut by the leash, I told Jean, while I beat that big butt of hers.

Mom looked with panic at me for a moment, but Jean immediately began pulling her
leash as mother was forced to follow.  I walked behind her bringing the switch
down hard across her ass cheeks and then on each one as she jumped with each
swat.  It was payback time and I was going to stripe that ass of hers good for
all the times she grounded me.  She was trying to put her hands on her cheeks as
she struggled to get up with Jean walking faster ahead, but I kept up continuing
with the hits.   When I felt her ass was striped enough, I demanded Jean to
bring her back to the chairs were I immediately took a seat to rest.

How does doggy thank her mistress for punishing her, Mary Ann asked her when she
arrived.

Mother face was strained but she immediately got down on her knees in front of
me as I spread my legs wide on the chair.  I felt her face descend in my cunt
and then her tongue lapping up and down on my clit.  I was so horny it didn't
take long to cum on her face.  I pushed her face back and turned around.

Do the other side slut, I demanded.

I didn't think she would but then I felt her tongue wagging between my ass
cheeks.  It was pleasure I have never known before as I laid there enjoying her
lapping sounds.  I could hear a slap to her ass and then Mary Ann command to dig
that tongue in my asshole as I loosen up to accommodate it.  She was working it
in and out furiously to prevent any more swats on her sore butt.

Finally, I patted her head and told her she could stop.  Good pet, I told her,
you can do more of that later.

I turned around in my chair and noticed her look of pain and desperation had
been replaced with lust and desire and knew she wanted to cum bad.  I told Mary
Ann that she looked like she was in heat.

Mary Ann had noticed it also and demanded Jean to go get the puppy toy.  Mother
was told to stay on her knees with head to the grass till Jean returned.  I
couldn't believe how submissive she had become, from a prune to a sex-crazed
slut.  When Jean came back, I had to laugh at the sight.  She had a strap-on
attached between her legs and upon Mary Ann command, drove it in mom cunt with
one push.  Mother yelled out in pain and excitement at the same time.  I
continued to watch as Jean fucked mother cunt recklessly, with little regard to
being tender.  I was getting hot again.

Shove it up her ass, I yelled before I could catch myself.

Jean withdrew the cock as mother woof several times for her to continued and
then press it between her crack at her anus.  I expected mother to try to
prevent it, but instead, she pushed back on the fake cock thrusting it up her
ass.  Jean just stood there on her knees as mother was fucking her own ass upon
the dildo.  I started rubbing my clit in earnest.  I couldn�t care less at the
moment, that I would have to submit to Mary Ann later myself.

Just a fantasy, how was yours

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





