BDSM Library - A Hunter's Moon




A Hunter's Moon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and her 23 year old daughter decide to take advantage of the solitude of an island for a week after the island closes for the season.  They learn too late being a creature of habit can be dangerous.  They live through their rape to be rescued alive, but do they really want to be found this way?
A Hunter's Moon



It's been the same warm evening on the beach for the past week. The family
reunion was just like any other, boring.  The only treat is to see some of the
more attractive relatives showing off their bodies.  It wasn't the bikini's that
she and Esther were wearing.  It was her conversation on the cell, "Yes, I think
we are both going to stay for an extra week, it's so nice down here. You will? 
Thanks, you're a doll, I owe you."

I suppose she was thinking of having the island to herself as it was the last
day after Labor Day and technically the beach was closed.  There would be no
lifeguards or any employees about, in fact it was a 17-mile ferry trip to the
nearest store and the gas station at the dock closed for the season.  It would
be secluded and no one to bother her at all.

I smile to myself, being a trust baby has some advantages.  People are used to
me dropping out of sight.  I made my own cell call. "Jerry? Yeah I think I am
going to take the boat up to the cape, so I won't be available for anything for
a week or two. Great, catch you later."

I have bought my way out of so many situations caused by my hobby. You see, I
rape women for amusement, but this is especially tasty, first and second
cousins, it meant rape and incest.  Patience is fortunately a long suit for me,
so it doesn't cause me any consternation that it will take about three days for
the beach to clear out.  Since I am staying on my yacht, I move about a mile and
half away from the cabins out of sight. 

I spend the three days to good advantage, scouting the area for my spot.  I
watch her and Esther.  Gads, the two of you are like clocks, no surprises in the
three days.  I determine I am going to strike on the fifth day

I start gathering the rope and the tent pegs and other things and caching them. 
I prepare the rape site.  I drag some stones to the middle of the area.  They
are large and it takes a lot of energy to drag them into place.  They looked
like a couple of Druids' alters.

I like this location.   It is a clearing inside the woods.  There is a canopy
overhead and it is far enough away from the cabins that it is out of the
earshot.  It is isolated enough for my purposes.  Their ordeals are going to be
overnight experiences. 

In the evening while Naomi goes to meet Esther with her beer after her run, I go
in and disable the phones and then I steal the five cell phones you have between
you.  The ferry was not scheduled to return for another four days.  Now they are
trapped with no way to call for help.  The other cabins' phones were shut off
already.

I spend the fourth day on the boat establishing my alibi.   While I am well out
to sea, I drop your cell over the side.  I am seen sailing north by several
merchants.  I then turn off the running lights and sail back to the island to a
back cove, well hidden from sight by land or sea.  I sailed under the cover of
dark.   When I had arrived, I relaxed and sipped at some fine cognac,
contemplating tomorrow's entertainment. 

Tomorrow I go and prepare the trap zones on the beach.  Then I retreat to a spot
in the woods that I can see the only occupied cabin  I see through a pair of
binoculars that the routine went right on schedule.  Naomi and Esther walked to
a spot and spread out towels and laid down to sunbathe. Promptly an hour later
they go into the surf and swim.  They returned to their cabin and ate then
napped. They acted like two felines, playing and napping.  This served to lull
then into a careless state.  Ideal for predators, like myself to exploit.

Esther ran just before dusk for a forty-five minute run and Naomi planned to
meet her for a beer on her return.  Except that Esther met me first, twenty
minutes into the run.  I am wearing a ski mask; it's warm, but necessary. 
Esther is concentrating on her rhythm and checking her watch, besides, she has
no reason to suspect trouble.

I came from behind and tackled her and she fell into the sand face first.  I
grabbed a good handful of hair and trapped her body with my knee in the small of
her back.  As she struggled, I slip a makeshift noose over her head and pulled
it tight.   As she fought for her breath, I spoke for the first time, "Ok,
Esther babe, we are going to do this with you breathing or without, which would
you prefer?"  With that said, I tightened the ligature a little tighter.  Esther
is not dense and understood right away.  She calmed down and lay quietly in the
sand, I loosened the noose and said, "Good Girl, now put your hands out above
your head." She complied, still catching her breath.  I tied her wrists
together. 

As I slipped the noose over her head and off, she instantly began to scream and
yell.  I chuckled and put a pillow case over her head.  Then I slipped the noose
back around her neck and cinched it loosely, "Go ahead and yell, if it makes you
feel better, but there is no one around to hear."  I taunt and she seems to
understand she is in trouble as I tightened the rope around her neck again. 
Since, she seemed to be less combative after the demonstration; I loosened the
noose again and slung her over my shoulder.

It was a scant seven minutes treks to the rape spot.   The struggle only lasted
six minutes,  I had thought that Naomi would not start to be concerned for about
another twenty minutes.  I figured I had at least forty minutes before I needed
to worry about Mom.

I tied Esther's noose to a branch, forcing her to come up on the toes of her
expensive running shoes, like being enpointe in ballet, and I tied wrist rope to
the same branch and, stepped back to watch her fight against gravity and feel
rope tighten slowly around her neck. Esther struggled and she was sure that she
was going to choke to death.  I enjoy the scene as Naomi's daughter struggled to
stay on the painful point of her toes.  She probably could have lasted over an
hour at that before I would have to intervene.  However, there was a time table
to meet. So, I unfastened her noose and wrist ropes and took her next to the
right-hand stone and forced her to kneel at the spot.  Then I shoved a ball gag
into her mouth and tightened it into place, next, I took a black scarf and used
it to blindfold her, and I did it all under the pillow case, Naomi would have
been impressed.  Now, I tied tent lines to each of Esther's ankles and a line to
the rope around her wrists, I lifted her struggling body and placed her facing
up with the large stone at her hips.  I pushed the tent peg into the ground to
keep her arms restricted and then caught one leg and pulled the leg at a
forty-five-degree angle and pounded the stake home.  A little struggle and the
second leg splayed out at a right angle to the other.  I realigned her on the
stone to maximize the strain and then pulled the lines tight.  Her hips thrust
out and she was helpless and available.

I looked at my watch and there was a half hour before I needed to be ready for
her.  I removed the pillow case and Esther could not have looked sexier.  I had
time and I wanted to enjoy making her squirm more.  I admired her outfit, she
only wore a sport top or perhaps it was a sports bra, I do not keep tabs on
women's clothing other to see what they look like on women and how to remove
them of course.

But I wander, I wanted my treat, so I took a pair of tape scissors and started
cutting off the sport bra/top.  Esther cooperated nicely, screaming into the gag
and struggling as much as her restraints allowed.  I could see she was well
stretched there was little she could do to move other than her head.  Esther was
not used to granting favors to anyone and now I was taking liberties, that most
of her boyfriends could only drool over.

I envisioned the two mounds would be like twin ice cream sundaes, the nipples
topping them off perfectly.  I was not far from wrong.  But I wanted her
revulsion to her rape and this was the beginning of her subduing.  So I let my
tongue wet the surface of one of her tits and then moved my mouth to the nipple
and suckled.  Then the next tit followed. Then came the groaning. It was not in
pleasure.  Rather, it was a protestation at exciting her without her permission. 
She was not enjoying the moment at all, which suited me just fine.

I untied her sarong cover up and opened her nether regions.  I slowly pulled the
string to her bikini bottom.  Now the squirming started in earnest.  Esther
strained against the lines in vain.  I grinned; this was not the workout she had
in mind when she started her run, she understood that she was being exposed.  I
continued the long torturous pull on the string until the bow popped loose. And
the strings separated, leaving that side open.   I ran my hand on the bare skin
and she fought the bondage in vain.  I take the other side's string and rip the
second string without warning and quickly expose the prize, she lay naked.  Her
small patch of pubic hair neatly trimmed sat on top of a very rarely visited
part of her anatomy. Esther was situated so that both the anus and the pussy
were out where they could be reached.  I toyed with Esther, pushing a finger
between the lips just enough to reach the moist folds.  Esther was openly
weeping now.

I was satisfied, "Ok Esther honey, time to get your mother. Don't go anywhere I
will be back."  I was openly and sadistically laughing now as I walk out of the
clearing.  I stopped when I was out on the beach and headed to a spot just
closer to where I took Esther.  I put the ski mask on again and walked to my
place to pounce.  I had stacked driftwood to make a blind for me and I settled
in to wait.  The hunt is what makes the rape at the end more enjoyable and
worthwhile.

I hear Naomi's voice calling for Esther.  It amuses me that Esther can hear her
as well.  She just cannot answer.  As the mother comes into view, I suppress a
shout of glee, instead of a bikini she was wearing a halter dress.  She ignored
the driftwood and walked on past, intent on the sand ahead.  I allow her to move
past and then I am on a dead run and tackle her just as I did with Esther. 
However, I no longer have a fixed timetable as I had with her, so I was going to
enjoy the fight here.  I had her trapped underneath me and I felt her rock,
twist, push and kick to get free, but I rode her like a cowboy on a bronco. 
Eventually, she wore down and weakened.  As the struggle subsided, I pulled her
arms behind her back and tied her wrists and then elbows.  I pulled the elbows
uncomfortably together and tied them there

I stood, grabbed a handful of hair and pulled mom to her feet.  I marched her
the seven minutes to the clearing and laughed openly when she saw Esther spread
out and cried out, "Oh my God, Esther, what he did he do to you?"  Esther's
answer was a muffled sob.  Mom addresses me for the first time, "You bastard! 
What are you doing to my daughter, you, son of a bitch?"

"Wrong on the first count Naomi, as to my mother, well you may just be right." 
I was enjoying the scene immensely.  The power that I felt with two helpless
women in my grasp was an undescribable high.  "As to what I am going to do to
you and Esther I am going to do whatever I fucking please, including fucking. 
So, do you have any other stupid questions?"

She sputters at me, "You won't get away with this."  It always is a marvel that
women in trouble like this stick with the cliches.  I answer with a great deal
of confidence, "I've heard that one before too, Naomi.  Needless to say I have
gotten away with it, so far.  You and Esther are not my first victims.  Besides,
it's taking the risk that makes it so exhilarating.  But I have a lot to do and
we don't have time to carry on a conversation, so..."

 I take the O ring gag; it is a monster, a full two and three quarters of an
outside diameter.  Not enough to damage the jaw, but still very uncomfortable. 
That is my goal: Their  discomfort. That and their fear and humiliations were on
my list as well.  Naomi twists her head away, fighting against the gag.  I trap
her head and she clenches her jaw tightly, I shrug my shoulders and reach around
with my off hand and pinch the airways of her nose shut.  Patiently, I waited
until the need for air overcame her fight and the mouth gasped open.  I was
prepared for this and the metal ring slid home behind the upper teeth.  She
struggled valiantly. But eventually the metal ring lodged behind the lower teeth
as well.  I pulled her hair up and fastened the device in place.  Then I let the
hair fall back.

"Well, Cousin Naomi now that we have that taken care of; let's see how Mom
compares to her little girl shall we?"  I untie the halter strap, pull them away
and let the tits fall free.  Very little sag and nicely colored, I squeeze them
and pull them up to inspect, if anything a level higher quality than Esther's
rack.  I won't wait to enjoy Mom and I cup the globes and start massaging and
working to the nipples that I roll and lightly pinch.  I smirk as I felt them
harden under the ministrations.  And my cock responds as well, it swells as I
take my due from her.  But it is little early for the main defilement and I
still have some games I want to play before it becomes that kind of physical.

I roll Mom on her face and catch one ankle and tie it up nicely against her
opposite calf, then I catch her other ankle and tie it to the other calf
crosswise,  I take another length of rope and pull her legs up spreading her sex
open for business and making it permanent by tying it off at the elbows.  I
rolled Mother over on her back, her tits jiggling so erotically, I pulled a
large hunting knife from the sack and showed it her.  Then I brought the blade
down to just under her left jaw. The movement stopped and her eyes widened. 
There was real terror in her eyes. Now she was much more convinced of her peril.

I grinned and used it to cut down the front of her dress and then I pulled it
free and tossed it away.  It was then I had to laugh. After imagining the exotic
lingerie she would be wearing all week and then to see cotton briefs covering
her privates.  It was just almost too much. 

"Cotton panties Cousin Naomi?  I am disappointed, I thought you would  at least
wear Victoria's Secret for me."  I see confusion, then horror on her face as I
put the knife against the base of her left breast.  She was trying to make a
sound to convince me not to commit a mastectomy.  I slide   it ever so lightly
cutting the skin.  Then I pull the knife away.  Naomi was sobbing and that only
made me harder.  "However, they are ideal for my next game, but just so you
don't accuse me of being callous.  I am going help you to get into the mood."  I
prop her up against the second stone and I trace my middle finger down the
sternum between the wonderful tits and I loiter for just a moment to play with
her navel ring.  I tug on it gently; at first and then harder, and then I yank
it enough to cause a tiny tear, painful but it would heal, it was merely a
demonstration of her utter helplessness.  Then to the objective, my finger
snakes to the lace-rimmed band around the leg.  I work it inside her panties and
into the velvet slot.  Unlike Esther's probe, this was a serious penetration
into the cunt looking for the clitoris.  When I think I might have located it, I
work a second finger in and trap the knob between them.  I apply a small amount
of pressure and hear mother's sharp intake of air and then ragged breathing
afterward.  I fish my erection from my pants and pull the crotch of the panties
aside and enter her.  The thrust into the soft tissue elicits a cry of anger and
then a groan as Mom fights the sensations, the nerves inside the vagina are
screaming for more and her brain is screaming rape.

Of course, neither of these things means anything to me, I have a mental script
I am following and she is playing her part very well.  I feel my climax close
and now to her surprise I move to complete her domination  I slip out of her and
take a 6-inch dildo and put it in place of me and switch it on low. Naomi was
not even allowed the dignity of the real phallic.  Then I arrange her cotton
panties' crotch to hold it firmly in place.  The tip of the vibrator was close
to the clit but not on it and the vibration buzzed inside her without
compromise.  The damnable thing was causing her to feel the release come close
but not close enough.

Quickly, I stepped from her and in between Esther's legs.  The erection had
grown to 9 inches and was becoming painfully hard.   I placed the head at her
split and pushed in hard bringing the whole of my weight against her stretched
body.  There was a muffled scream as I entered with no ceremony.  Her joints
bore my weight against gravity and her joints were being taxed horribly.  I
thrust into Esther like a cur.  Her body was only beginning to respond to the
fuck, when my cock exploded inside her, pumping my semen into her cavity and I 
held her trapped there, allowing the sperm to work toward her womb.  My initial
conquest of her daughter now done, I walk back to Mother.

She glares at me as she helplessly watched me defile her child.  I leaned over
Mom and gloated, "Do you understand why I came in her, Cousin Naomi?  It's
simple, and it is all about the risk, the danger.  You are past your baby making
days and she is right in the middle of hers. So, I ask you Naomi, hopefully, you
know her better than anyone else.  Has she been taking her pill faithfully?  If
she hasn't, where is she in her cycle?  Food for thought, isn't it?"

As much as she wanted to send a steely eyed message of hate in my direction, she
can't. The incessant humming coming from her crotch has her on the edge of an
orgasm, but just won't let it break. Her bondage will not allow her to help
herself along.  So I watch and laugh as she whimpers.  "Poor Naomi, there is no
relief for you, is there, my dear?  How about this, shall I help my poor cousin
cum.  Would you like that Naomi?"  She glares at the humiliating thought but
then a wave passes over her, so close but release just out of reach.  Finally,
she nods dejectedly. I laugh in triumph 

I take the scissors and cut the panties away leaving Mother naked like her
daughter now.  The smooth abdomen showed the care you took.  There was no body
hair anywhere below your eyes, The pubic area is clean and smooth, no body hair
at all.

My cock has been swinging and was soft.  I take it and put it into Naomi's mouth
and "All you have to do Naomi is to get me hard again."  As you feel me enter
your mouth you try to think what you can do to hurry the erection along and
finally, the tongue starts to work around the shaft and you nod forward to take
more in and then nod back to mimic the  motion of thrusting.  The son of a bitch
that I am, I make no move to help.

However, you quickly have me aroused, faster than I expected.  I take the
swollen member from your mouth and push it into the soft membranes of your
womanhood and start the thrusts: once, twice, three times and finally some deep
thrusts rub along your clit and your scream of release tells me you have
arrived.  But I haven't and I take myself back to your mouth and push it in,
this time I do the thrusting and build until I cum in your mouth.  You are
forced to take the semen and swallow the slimy offering.  My goo now coats your
teeth, tongue and throat.  Your degradation is done for the night.

I take a brief moment to measure you.  And then I drag you over and lay your
mouth immediately under Esther's opening to her piss hole at least where I think
it is. You may get a drink of Esther's yellow nectar that night.

Before leaving, I gather up the clothes and extra things that I decided not to
use.  I go to Esther with a water bottle and loosen the ball gag enough to force
a straw in.  Esther realizes what it is and starts to suck.  It's a pity I won't
get to test that suction out on my cock, tonight, but one must be practical,
there is only limited time.  When she seemed not to want any more water, I
refastened the gag and then walked to Naomi and drizzled water slowly into her
mouth allowing a pool to form so she could gulp and I see to it that she is at
least not going to be very dehydrated.

I leave you two in the dark clearing for your imagination to play tricks on you
all night.  I have another spot picked out for my final game for mother.  I
spend time digging the hole to the right dimensions.  Now everything was ready
to go.  I climbed into my bed and slept soundly.



Their night however, wasn't restful at all.  The small amount of CO2 mom was
emitting from her mouth and from Esther's nostrils attracted mosquitoes and
other biting insects to a nocturnal blood smorgasbord. Each insect landed and
punched their snouts into the skin deep enough to find blood and the suctioned
the life fluids out.  The overall blood loss was negligible, but the small
irritation aggregated into a torturous itch.  Tied in the helpless manner that
the two of them were, they simply were magnets to biting and boring critters. 
There was no part of the body exempt.  They landed on the breasts, vaginas and
underarms all nicely shaved to give access to the skin.  It was a wonderfully
exquisite torture as they were attacked all over their bare bodies and not even
able to swat as the insects feasted.  They could only squirm as much as the
bondage would let them. It left little time to rest.

The next morning I returned to wipe your bodies with cool water and give you
another drink.  Then I left again, leaving the two of you untouched.  They were
totally confused.  But my final game required that everything happened in a time
window.  So, I returned to the yacht and let the elements have at them again. 
It was a stroke of luck that there was a heavy down pouring of rain for just
five minutes or so and the leaf canopy helped  keep some the worst away but they
were still soaked.  It did help soothe the itching of the night ordeal.  But
Naomi felt exposed and began to wonder what their fate was going to be.

Finally, the time had come to start to the next phase, so to speak.  Esther had
been stretched there for almost twenty hours and her for just less than that. 
The two of them were hungry and felt weak.  The ordeal was sapping any hope of
living through it from her.  So my return was a mixed blessing, on the one hand,
she was not abandoned yet.  On the other hand, she was sure I did not have her
well being on my mind, though she is surprised that my first order of business
was to inspect her and her daughter.

 Esther, of course, of necessity had pissed in the night, as had  the mother. 
The difference between the two empties of the bladders was Mom's face's
position, which I had placed in the line of Esther's flood.  Naomi's face was
dry by now but the concentrated urine smell told me the deed had been done.  It
was a pity that didn't think to put up a camera to watch the ordeal. Esther had
been aware that I had put her mother's in the line of fire and strained and held
her bladder until the pain was too much.  The result was a shower of her
daughter's urine all over her head.  It was more painful for the mother to
realize that Esther had been so resilient only to have to fail and know her
daughter felt very humiliated and ashamed. The odor was distasteful and I used a
cloth to wipe Mom's face clean and the smell away.  I quickly wiped their bodies
with cool water.

I propped Naomi up between Esther's thighs, then, I began to fondle those
wonderful breasts, teasing them, making the nipples hard, then I  placed my
mouth on one and sucked it in, only to clamp down painfully.  The bite was not
hard enough to draw blood, but definitely hard enough to bruise.  I twisted to
intensify the painful abuse of the milk ducts.  The tears running down the
mother's cheeks were my reward.

Now, I draw my attention and my hand to Naomi's pussy, poking and probing,
exciting her poor cunt.  I know she is approaching a climax as her breath
becomes shallow and rapid.  I know that she hated me, but she hates her body
more for giving into the need. 

Then I move to Esther and start working her with my finger.  The wiggling caused
her to rub her back against the rough surface of the rock scraping it.  I worked
inside her and found the clit and began to torment that spot until she shuddered
and laid back limp. A forced orgasm.  It was delicious, to cause that in a woman
against her will, I start in on her clitoris again, immediately.  I have no
intention of giving the younger woman any respite at all. I was pinching and
playing with the sensitive tissue. As poor Esther tried to move to avoid pain
and pleasure, straining against the lines that held her stretched and helpless. 
I played her until she heard her screaming for release behind the gag.  Then for
the second time in just a few minutes, Esther reached an orgasm. She strained
mightily arching as that is all the restraint would allow her to do. This time
Esther's pussy juices escaped onto my fingers and hands.

I move quickly to Naomi's gaping mouth, forced open to accept whatever I wanted
to put in there.  I took her daughter's love juices and dribbled the fluids into
her mouth, "A taste of your baby girl, Cousin Naomi." The pungent taste of her
girl juice dribbled on her tongue but, she had no choice, but swallow it.

Now, I  took  my off hand to grasp a handful of mom's hair and pulled her up by
the knot in my hand, until she is only supported on her knees.  I undo my
trousers and pull my cock out and insert it in her obliging mouth.  I use her
hair as a handle and start working her mouth on my member.  Then I take my other
hand and start Esther toward another climax.  My time is getting short though I
and I need to finish mother and daughter up here and move to the next phase.

Ah yes!  I feel my cock expand, as the tender soft inside of Naomi's mouth is
making me hard.  It is time to do Esther again.  I place the mother with a good
view looking up to see Esther's slit, then I take my hard rod and punch it into
the younger woman's pussy.  This was like my last violation of her, rough and
without regard to her comfort or pleasure.  She had been aroused beforehand this
time though and this was bringing her up to the edge, but before she could claim
the climax, I ejaculated into her womb again, Esther cried out in disgust behind
the gag, as my hot seed flooded unimpeded toward the uterus. I felt fatigued but
incredibly empowered.  I had just raped my second cousin, who perhaps was
fertile, and I did unprotected, making pregnancy a potential side effect of her
abuse.  And I did it all while her mother watched unable to stop it.

When I  thought of the  next little drama to come, I almost was aroused then and
there.  I pulled out of Esther's cunt; her sobbing had me wondering if maybe she
wasn't so efficient with her "pill" after all

Well, too late to worry about that now, besides that wasn't my concern. Esther
was the one that had to carry the baby or get rid of it.  It made no difference
to me.  It was my second cousin's headache, not mine.

I picked up anything that indicated that anyone had been here, even to more than
just a casual look around.  Then I returned and gave a more than gentle squeeze
to Esther's tit, "I'll be back for you my dear after I have taken care of your
mother."  Mom's hair seemed so handy that I grab it again to pull her onto her
knees.  Then, I reach under her arms and pick her up and carry her out of the
clearing.

I walk about fifteen minutes down the deserted beach, silently.  We reach the
landmark that told me where I was,   I move onto the beach and take her to a
hole clearly inside of the tide line.  Next to the hole, I had a large pile of
sand.  I walked to it and jumped down in and put her on her knees facing the
shoreline, away form the surf.  I would make it more difficult to gauge things. 
I use her hair as a way to hold her vertical and then I start pulling sand into
the hole until her feet and legs are covered.  I stop for a moment and tamp the
sand into place and now she feels the soft sand firm up around her lower legs.

However, any fight she had was gone with exhaustion.  So, she is relatively meek
as I start to bury her.  I start pulling in sand in again until her thighs are
covered and tamp it into place again. Now  she felt as though her feet and
calves are set in concrete. 

There is a space of about three inches of space between the sand and her crotch. 
I climbed out of the hole and returned with a rock smoothed by wave action.  It
was long and the sides were rounded, an excellent phallus.  Her eyes widen as I
push the 3-inch diameter stony dildo home.  I rest the broader end in the sand
and she feels it inside of her,  filling her up.  Then, more sand up to her
waist before I tamp her in again.  The stone is held firmly inside of her.  She
is impaled and finds it very hard to move her hips. She groans at the mixed
blessing.

I  smile though I am sweating quite hard.  It was taking much less time filling
in the hole than it took to dig it.  I was ahead of schedule again.  There was
more to the rest of today. Though I was going to make sure this was the end of
it al; .  This was more humiliation as Mom is going to believe she is going to
die.  Esther is going to believe she will be too late.  Nothing like the specter
of death to intensify sensations, I chuckled to myself.

The waterline had been creeping toward us and the slap of the waves was louder
in Naomi's ears.  I filled in up to the bottom of her breasts.  Here, I took a
few moments to fondle and squeeze them then pinch and twist the marked nipples. 
The pain on her face was reward indeed. Just to press home my total control over
her, I knelt down and kissed her stretched open mouth, making sure my tongue
snaked in her mouth and the look of horror and disgust just added to my lust.

But time was becoming a factor and there was time but none left to play with
her.  So, I filled the hole up to the bottom of her neck.  Tamped it in and
finished with some sand I had carried from the beach.  She felt encased, unable
to move. Naomi was held rigid on the beach with no escape.  To finish the
humiliation, I took out my cock and pissed on her face. She twisted and avoided
what she could, but there was not very much she could do to avoid the stream. 
Her movement was too restricted.  As much of the piss splashed on target and
into even her mouth as well.  She sputtered and I waited until she recovered. It
was time to set the stage.

I walked several feet away and spoke. "Cousin Naomi, this is where high tide
reaches.  Now I am going to send you some help from your daughter, if she
chooses to cooperate. If she arrives in time, then she can get you out.  If not,
well you will last the longest, if you tilt your head back and breathe through
your nose. I have really enjoyed our time together Cousin Naomi and I wish you
the best of luck."  Then I walked out of sight back to the clearing.

I walked over to the arched and no doubt aching body of Esther.  I dropped the
sack next to her and reached down and tickled the lips between her legs.  She
tensed and prepared herself for the thrust and certainly it was tempting, but
alas there was not enough time, right now,  "Esther, my dear, your mother needs
your help so we need to talk.  I am going to remove your gag and you are welcome
to scream to what have you, but the only people that are going to hear are your
mothers, and I promise you that she is in no position to help you and then of
course me.  So, let me tell you that your mother is in real trouble and the
longer you yell; the worse off she is going to be.  Do you understand that
Esther?"

My second cousin nodded, so I loosened her gag and pulled it free.  "What do you
want you bastard?"

"Very nice, direct and to the point, I like that.  I want to have some fun at
yours and Naomi's expense Esther, and it is as simple as that."  I said as
though it was the most natural thing to be discussing.

"Do we know you?"  Well, this was a pleasant surprise; she still was feisty in
spite of everything.

"Not really, Esther, you don't.  But I learned enough about you to take you, and
rather easily might I add."  My grin was not the least bit humorous, it was more
of a leer.

She realized all of a sudden that you had spoken of time as a problem for her
mother and changed the direction of the conversation,  "Well,  jerk off, what is
that you said about my mother."

"Oh yes, that.  Right now your mother is buried up to her neck in sand.  She is
inside the tide line.  In fact, she has no way of avoiding the tide without
help.  Now as much as you would expect that I would want to volunteer to do that
rescue, the truth is, I just finished burying her myself.  So here is the deal,
if you let me truss you up so there is measure of difficulty in the rescue.  I
do want to assure you it will involve pain for you.  I will provide you a means
to rescue her.  The alternative is that I have to kill you right now and let the
animals take care of your lovely body.  What will it be?"  I stated simply.

"Ok smart ass, as if that was a choice at all.  What do I have to submit to?" 
She glared at my masked face.

"Yes, submit, I think that has the right ring to it.  Ok, I am going to undo
your wrists' line and the retie your hands behind you.  Then I am going to
hobble your feet after I free them   Then, you are going to suck me off and
swallow, you know how to do that don't you Esther?" Her look was menacing, so I
smiled and waited and she slowly nodded.  "Good then, I am going to tie your
tits up, so they are going to turn colors.  Then, it will be up to you to find
and rescue your mother."  I listed the torments as though this was a lark.

"Ok, cum wad, so when do you take the blindfold off."   She is just not being as
deferential as I wanted at this point.

"Really Esther, you really are a little potty mouth.  I was just going to leave
it at that, but, I can see you need some encouragement to take this whole thing
seriously.  So the blindfold stays on and in addition to all that, I am going
whip you with stinging nettle.  I am told the sting lasts for days sometimes,
cousin."

Suddenly, she realized that I was not kidding and she was in my control, Then
there was a contrite Esther pleading, "Look I'm sorry, I really didn't mean to
piss you off, please don't do that. I will need all my concentration for this
whole thing."

"You should have thought of that when you mouthed off.  There is more I can add
though, if you want to return to the old attitude."  I was no longer smiling,
though of course it was lost on her blindfolded face.

Now Esther was meek, "No, let's just get on with it then."

It was just the blow I wanted to strike, capitulation to my demands.  So I
walked to the line holding her wrists tautly and pulled it loose.  Now I pushed
her into a sitting position and the stiffness caused some cramping. I thoroughly
enjoyed the wincing, but I did not wait for her to recover.   I then put her on
her knees before I pushed her face down.  I undid the wrist ropes and then
pulled her arms behind her back, retied the wrists and then her elbows together. 
I undid her ankles and then surveyed my work, the wrists had been rubbed raw, as
well as her ankles.  But the back had become a thing of beauty; the scraping
made it appear like one huge abrasion. 

While she was still on her face, I removed her running shoes.  I quickly
fashioned a hobble that I placed just above her calves.  It would slow her
somewhat but allow her to keep her balance.  Now I used her hair to pull her to
her knees.  "Ok Cousin Esther.  It's your turn to be mouth-fucked.  Any thoughts
of a Bobbit solution ends badly for your mother and you.  Besides, I bet you
have done this for lots of your boyfriends."   My cock, between Naomi's
adventure and the naked cousin in front of me had my erection almost rigid.  As
she took me in her mouth, I knew that I was going to not last at all and I
spewed the spunk into her mouth before she could prepare.  I reached down to
squeeze my own balls to force everything into her mouth.  She had to gulp three
times to get it all forced down and some dribbled out the corner of her mouth.

I pushed her back against the ground, and I was rewarded with another wince. I
removed the noose from her neck and slipped it over her right breast at the
base.  I cinched at the noose and it gathered the breast in nicely causing it to
bulge.  Then, I tightened it more and I heard Esther grunt.  A real trooper was
this one. I cinched it tighter and it didn't move much at all.  I used the
remaining rope to wind around until the tit was a bulb bulging off her chest,
then, I tied it off, the discoloration had already started  I produced a second
noose from the sack and repeated the actions on her left breast.  I could not
help myself and flicked each nipple.  It was enough to elicit a painful whimper
from her.

I looked at my watch and realized I would get behind if I played anymore, "Ok
Esther, you have some luck on your side.  I have to go, so we will skip the
nettles.  I left your hands so you can dig with them.  However, you can hear the
surf from here, so I am going to take you a little deeper into the woods to let
you start.  Since, I am not murderous by nature, here are some hints.  You
shouldn't depend on her making any noise; she may have a mouth full of water. 
Walk, don't run or you will likely fall and that will slow you even more. 
Finally, use your head. You are a bright girl and I won't be around to stop you
from getting any advantage you can."

I walked her about ten more yards into the woods.  This accomplished two things,
first the wind in the trees masked the surf so she would have to listen very
closely.  Second, it was all rough terrain and that was going to be hell on her
bare feet.  I said simply, "You're on Esther."  Then I traipsed further into the
woods. 

Esther is no fool, and she didn't try to follow my lead. So, I double tracked
around and over to the boat, and put out for a thousand yards and stopped and
fixed my binoculars on Naomi. Then I settled back to watch the show.

The surf had reached Mom and she could feel the wet on the back of her neck. 
Then, it splashed around her and she could see the water at the corner of her
eye.  It moved slowly and consistently.  The water now was easy to see.  Soon
after that, she could feel the water to start to creep up her neck.  Of course,
as the wave rolled in it pushed it up higher and then back down.  Now the tide
line was three feet in front of her and the wave action pushed the water to her
chin.

While this was happening, Esther took a few moments first to listen and then to
think. She was in a forest and there had to be a broken or a start of a branch
she could use.  So she shuffled until she bumped up against a tree.  She felt
her way around the tree but there was nothing there to use.  She shuffled to the
next tree and halfway around there was a twig.  She felt it scrape against her
scalp. She positioned herself with the back to the tree and pushed up on the
balls of her feet and tried to catch the knot of her blindfold.

By now the surface of the water around her was above her chin.  And sea water
had invaded her stretched open mouth.  With concentration she breathed in
through her nose and forced the water out with a blast of air.  That worked for
a while, but finally the level of the water was above her bottom lip.  She
recalled my words and tipped back her head.  And she blasted her mouth clear
again, with some air.  But it was only a temporary reprieve, soon the water
level flooded her mouth again.  But now, we see where Esther comes by her
brains.  Naomi began to time the waves so she breathed through her nose on the
downside.  She is sure now Esther won't arrive in time and mother prepares for
her fate.  Terror was in the waiting as she wondered how it will be to drown,
but she was determined not to give in.  Naomi was going to fight right to the
last gasp.  Then something extraordinary happened, the water level began to fall
and now she could clear her mouth.  Then she could tip her head forward.  It was
then she really became angry.  Naomi knew I had planned it this way, she would
survive on her own and Esther would eventually come to rescue her.  But in the
mean time, she was sure that her daughter would realize that she wouldn't have
survived, if I had buried her two inches deeper.  There was no comfortable
margin of error.  However, that was part of the kick in it for me, I had never
killed anyone, but I was willing to chance becoming a murderer if I was wrong. 
That would be little consolation to the family of the girl that I goofed on. But
it was an incredible rush.for me.

Esther was crying as she stretched to catch the blindfold.  Her calves ached and
she was weary.  Finally, the twig latched to the fabric and the blindfold was
off.  Since the sun was beyond the treetops, she recovered her sight quickly and
oriented herself.  It took a couple of falls to convince her that running was a
bad idea.  And there were sharp objects and burrs in her path.  Eventually, she
saw the beach through the trees and moves quicker.  Once she feels the sand
beneath her feet, she hurries looking up and down the beach.  She sees something
in the distance and moves toward it. Sobbing, as she realizes the tide was
ebbing, she took too long.  She slowed to catch her breath and then moved to the
scene.

She can see Esther in the distance and begin to move her head to attract her
attention.  She does not perceive it at first, but when she does she moves as
quickly as her bondage allows.  When she arrives, she drops down and begins to
scoop at the sand pushing as much as she can to the side creating a bowl around
her head.  She is fatigues and stops with her pussy in front of her face to
rest.

The phallic stone has done nothing to stop the arousal she feels and there was a
sweet cunt in front of her face and her tongue flicks unconsciously out to
invite the slit closer.  She understands and shuffles closer and her tongue
invaded the soft flesh.  She groans and says, "Oh yes, mom, do it deeper, tongue
me out.  Eat your baby girl."  She pushed her groin into her face and her tongue
probed deeper until she can feel the shape of the clitoris engorging.  She
encourages it along and Esther arched her back, thrusting her bluish tied tits
out in front of her and ramming her vagina harder against her mouth. Both of you
were oblivious to anything besides the coming climax that both of you were
approaching.

I had brought the yacht back int to cove and quietly made my way back to the
beach was so involved in the sight that I missed the movement as well.  You both
hear the terrifying words, "Well, well, look what I found!  A mother that does
her daughter."  As they see the mini cam in my hands and realize that I had been
recording the whole scene.  "Yes, I can imagine how everyone would take finding
that you two upstanding members of the family were lesbians.  But don't let me
stop you, Esther looks as though she is going to scream Naomi.  Perhaps you
should take pity on the girl you gave birth to and finish her."  My laugh was
anything but comforting.

It was Esther that finally begged her mother, "Oh God...  mommy please...
don't...  leave me...  like...  this. Go ahead.... and tongue... fuck... me... 
please! ." Esther's plea was ragged as she fought to cross the last distance to
sexual nirvana.  Naomi's daughter was so in lust that she could not think of any
thing but that orgasm.  It was almost male in nature.  I just continued to
record.

Mothers are by their nature, inclined to give their children what they ask for
and Naomi was accommodating to her child. But all she could do, was make some
undecipherable sounds through the gag, it was impossible to make out whether she
was saying yes or no, so I decide to offer encouragement.  "Go ahead Esther, put
your pussy on her mouth and she will get you off."  Esther needed no more
prodding than that and rammed her slit into her mother's face and Naomi start to
flick and lick again it for another forty-five minutes and finally Esther
arched, screamed and shuddered as she almost convulsed as she climaxed. 
Drained, Esther fell to the side, breathing hard.

I stop the camcorder and produce a shove.  Then I proceed to dig Naomi out of
her sandy prison.  I stop when I reach the point where I can extract the stone
from her pussy and leave her for a moment and walk the rock over to Esther,
"Cousin Esther, I want you to taste what your mother."  I roughly pull her onto
her back and she meekly opens her mouth and I force her tongue to clean Naomi's
lubrication mixed with sand off the rock.  I twist a nipple, more for show than
effect and let her drop.  I see that Esther's breasts are turning almost black
and I undid her breast bondage as the blood rushed into the tits, Esther
squealed as the ability to feel pain returned to her numbed rack.

I left her to deal with her new painful sensations, top return mother and finish
extracting her from the hole.  I dragged her out and her eyes were pleading with
me and it was time to get the gag out before there were permanent consequences,
so I unfastened the gag and freed her mouth and she spoke immediately, "Thank
you, Cousin.... well thank you but God, I need to finish, the dildo you had in
me has me wanting more.  Please I will do anything as long as it won't hurt
Esther.  Please, dear God, I need you to make me cum."

" You will do anything I ask Naomi?  As long as, it doesn't concern your
daughter?  I asked with real surprise.

Naomi nodded her eyes averted, but she was truly desperate.  "Ok, I will do you
right Naomi I will bring you over the top.  The price will be this: You will be
my urinal afterward.  This is the way it will work, I you will kneel in front of
me and tip back your head and hold your mouth open and I will fill your mouth,
then you will swallow all of it and then I will fill it again and so forth until
I am finished.  That's the deal."

Esther's Mom looked up in disbelief, but the ache was huge and she gave into the
desire. She dropped her head and said, "Ok I agree, I become your piss toy,
please I am dying, please take me now!"

I looked at her sandy body and dragged her to the surf to rinse her off.  Then I
dragged her back.  If she was expecting a quick wham, bam, thank you ma'am, she
was in for a surprise, I started with my head between her legs, my tongue
mercilessly probing and nipping to raise the level of lust.  Then I started up
her shaved pubis slurping and lightly caressing her thighs with my hands I move
to her luscious melons and did not give them short shrift cupping squeezing and
kneading and then I started to play with the nipples rolling them and tracing
the base of the nipple with my fingernails. Until the milk ducts were engorged
and as stiff as my erection.  Naomi's hands were tied behind her so I had to
feed my cock into her cunt. Then I started to move slowly at first in and then
out and Naomi responded by raising her hips to meet me in my thrusts.  I took
her head and then kissed her my tongue probing inside, unlike before hers met
mine and danced inside her mouth.  Her breath was becoming ragged and moans were
coming from behind our entangled mouths, getting louder with each stroke.  The
moans became groans as she approached her peak.  Suddenly she thrust to me and
arched trying to drive my shaft into the mouth of her womb and she shook not
shuddered and collapsed down.  I was so close I pounded into her for a minute or
two more and then unloaded into her pulling out to spray her breasts and face
with my seed, then I collapsed on top of her and we basked in the sexual
afterglow.

I finally, pulled myself off of her, and said, "I believe you got off Naomi."

She replied, "Yes, thank you."

I asked, "Do you want me to take you out to rinse off?"

Naomi said "No, how long before..."

"It'll take a few minutes but not too long."  I answered.  She nodded, I took
her under the armpits and drug her to the pile of driftwood and propped her up
there.  I spoke, "You realize that was just a break and we are back to rape
again."  Again she simply nodded. 

She sighed and said, "Then you better bring Esther over to watch," I was
surprised, She understood the nature of the relationship.  The sex we just had
was the aberration not the other way around.  She asked timidly, "Are you going
to kill us?"  And I knew that Naomi at least had accepted the fact that she was
no longer in control of her fate.

"No, I don't get off on snuff, at least not yet.  You and Esther are going to
end up alive at the end of all this.  You are going to be fucked emotionally for
the rest of your lives, but that isn't my problem, it's up to you two how you
will survive if you ever do.  That's the nature of the rape.  The victim has to
bear the results of the ordeal, not the rapist.  It is good to be the king."
There was no hint of sarcasm in my voice and she nodded again,

"Ok Go get Esther and hopefully you will be ready when you get back."  Sit
tight, Naomi I will be back for payment."  The coldness had returned and the
discomfort with my presence was actually amplified now that she had submitted. 
I wouldn't tell her that but that meant she had hope of coming through the
thing.  As long as the hate was directed at the perpetrator.  People are
surprised that I am aware of this.  Actually one of the charities I support is a
rape crisis center.  I love the irony.

I left Naomi shivering, the sun was down and it was actually a bit cooler on the
beach than in the clearing, I suppose there was an autumn cold front moving
through.  I retrieved Esther and brought her back I selected a log and threaded
her hobble through it and let it drop.  It was several hundred pounds and it
would take some time for Esther to get herself free and she was fatigued so she
was going to stay put. I was feeling the pressure, but I did not want to take
away from the chance to humiliate both women again.

"Esther, I want you to watch and learn.  If you can do this for me before I
leave, I may let you live."  Naomi's daughter looked sufficiently terrified.  So
I walked to Naomi and said, "Ok bitch, you are my toilet, give me a hole to piss
into and you are to swallow all of it or I will stake you out in the crab nests,
got it?"  Naomi nodded and tipped her head back and opened her mouth wide, I
aimed and let the flow start and there was some splashing and foam but I filled
Mom's mouth until I could see the yellow fluid cover her front teeth.  I stopped
the flow.  Naomi closed her mouth and with great difficulty swallowed the stuff
down.  The look of distaste was clear on her face.  She took a deep breath and
tipped her head and opened her mouth.  Esther cried out, "Oh my god Mom how can
you do this that is totally gross."

I stop her there. "Listen, baby bitch, you best swallow your pride and learn how
to swallow this like your mother if you want to live through this thing."

It took all my poker playing skills not to show surprise when Naomi added,
"Esther baby, don't argue, just watch, if I make it through it you can too."

Esther shut up at that and looked frightened and cowed.  She quietly said, "Yes
Mom.  Ok."

I was in urgent need and Naomi tipped her head and opened the mouth again, I
filled it again making sure that her front teeth were immersed each time. Again
she swallowed.  One might expect it to get easier, but it was getting more
difficult for Naomi, it took more effort the second time.  I began to worry that
I might have painted myself into a corner.  A rapist's threat at the victims
failure to do as instructed required that he follow through on the threat and
implicit in this one was that I was going to kill her.  But we were trapped
together in this.  The third time she tipped her head back and opened the mouth
and I filled it again to the brim and she took longer to force it down gagging
this time.

The tension grew and Esther began to sob at her mother's predicament.  I was
concerned.  I was no where near finished. The look on your face is one of total
degradation.  But there was no way to stop now, Naomi tilted her head back
opened her mouth as wide as she could and waited, I pissed into the hole again
just as before I fill her mouth until her teeth are submerged.  Naomi takes
sometime and starts to swallow again taking quick short gulps and manages to get
it down in several before gagging again.  It was clear we were headed for
disaster.  The next mouthful would not make it down successfully.  I hadn't
counted on blood being thicker than water.

Esther sobbed, "Stop, I will finish for her for love of God don't do that to her
again"   I looked at the daughter and said,

"Same deal then, you swallow all of the piss and no complaints because I m going
to fill up your mouth."

Naomi objected, "No Esther I can do this."  She looked at me.

":It makes no difference to me, one mouth is the same as the other, but hurry it
up I am getting tired of waiting.  I said stonily

Naomi interjected, "No, the agreement was with me, I will finish it."  With that
she tipped back her head and waited, I was right there and filled her mouth
again.  This time she closed her eyes and kept her head tilted back and
concentrated on breathing and swallowed in two gulps and quickly opened her
mouth again and I filled it again, three more times and the fourth I dripped the
last of it into her mouth leaving her a third of the way full and she swallowed
it down.

I quickly took her and lay her face down and said, "Go ahead, fair is fair I
didn't say anything about having to keep it down after it was all swallowed." 
Naomi regurgitated up a lot of liquid from her stomach. I et go at it and
selected two pieces of drift wood to make the litter.  I lay them out parallel
and after a few minutes rest I drag the mother over and lay her face up on the
two rails. I tied her on, Then I extracted Esther from the log and lay her face
down face to face with her mother. I pulled her hobbled feet up and tied her
into a hogtie.  Now I pull a curved dildo out and insert in both pussies. I use
a rope to make sure it won't slip out.  Toss my bag on Esther's back and began
to drag them back to their cabin.  The trip back was interspersed with sharp
groans and general indications of lust and then some sloppy kissing.  I think to
my self, I can see that incest is heady stuff.

We finally arrive at the cabin, and I had a lot of work to do there.  I needed
to feed them and take care of them. The idea was for them to survive physically,
emotionally that was not my concern.  So I prepared some soup to start them
with, I brought a bowl with soapy water and sponge bathed Naomi first, I cleaned
her up nicely but not gently.  She seemed to have recovered somewhat and she
kept the soup down, so I fixed some sandwiches and cut them up and fed it to
them.  I bathed Esther next and continued to feed them light snacks and liquids. 
After about six hours I was satisfied they were strong enough for the finale.

Next I put O ring gags on both of them.  The fight was out of them now, so it
was relatively easy.  Then I took everything out of the cabin, there was not a
stitch of clothing or any of their credit card, make up, soap, even the rest of
the food, I stripped the place bare including the telephone.  It was twelve
hours after we had arrived at the cabin again and I had everything back at the
yacht, things stay lost for quite awhile when they are tossed over the side in
deep water. Then I had prepared the front porch for the last event.  I untied
both of their legs, but left their arms bound behind their backs.

I dragged Esther out first, and I took her to the front porch.  I tied her feet
first around the instep and then around the ankle to make sure she would stay
where I put her and then I threaded the rope through pulleys and lifted Esther
up so her cunt was going to be easy to penetrate where I stood and tied her off. 
Then, I fetched her mother, Naomi stared at Esther, but could say nothing.  I
tied Naomi's feet like I had Esther's, but her feet I tied to pulleys at the
ground, then I threaded a rope behind each of their necks and through their
armpits.

I knelt Naomi down and inserted my cock into her mouth and started to fuck it, I
didn't seek cooperation, I just used her hole to start me to get hard.  I worked
in and out of her mouth until I could feel me build toward ejaculation.  I
pulled out of the mother's mouth and inserted my cock into the daughter's pussy. 
I had no concern at all what or how Esther felt I just was going to finish this
right.  I felt my groin contract and rammed hard against her pelvis and shot my
load into her completely, squeezing the last bit in.  Naomi was trying to scream
because she understood what I was doing.  I pulled out and hoisted Esther upside
down and gravity started the warm seed on down to the entrance of. Esther's
womb.  If the daughter was fertile, there was a good chance that Esther would
have a baby by me.  Once Esther was in place and tied off.  I pulled Naomi up
and tightly in place.  Both were facing out to the world and that was how they
were going to be found in a few hours. But the humiliation was not quite done, I
walked to the side of the cabin and returned with four rods and on the end of
each of them was a hard rubber dildo three shorter ones and one longer one.  I
took the longer dildo and slipped it into Naomi's sex and then locked it in
place with a little fixture I installed.  Once I had impaled the mother, then I
took a shorter dildo and fixed Esther in her pussy and locked her in place.  The
other two dildos had air holes to allow air in through the mouths.  That was a
simple matter of holding the head, while I fed the dildo into the mouth.  And
locked them in place as well.  Mother and daughter now looked like they had a
single rod running through them.  I took several shots with a camera and then
spoke for the last time.  "Ok ladies you may not believe it but a rescue is a
scant 90 minutes away.  You can handle this bondage for that long.  I have
enjoyed myself a lot and I am sure you haven't.  This time I really am leaving. 
You are going to live through this.  Have a safe trip home and lock your doors
and watch your backs.  You never know what sort of pervert is waiting for you. 
Adieu"

I walked away and once I was out of sight I broke into a jog.  The boots that
were two sizes too large would be jettisoned along with all the clothes I had
used on the island, along with everything else.  There were several small
islands that would have unattended docks this time of year and I will tie up in
one of them and wait for the whole storm to blow over.

They hung waiting and heard three choppers fly over.  The person I payed to call
was intentionally not specific to the authorities, but very specific to the news
reporter.  So the first people to come upon the mother and daughter had a chance
to record it for posterity.  It was one last slap in the face for my two
victims.  I was very tempted to turn on my satellite television to watch the
news, but that turns on the GPS, so I will make do with my home videos and see
how the news reporter treated it in a few weeks. It was a moonless night as I
pulled out to sea, running dark.  They call it a Hunter's Moon.  And anew case
will be added to the credit of the serial rapist call The Hunter's Moon Rapist.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pangent617


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





