BDSM Library - Dave and Cindy




Dave and Cindy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dave calls his sister Cindy to discuss his obsessions at the request of his analyst Stacy.  Things quickly get out of hand as Cindy takes advantage of the situation.
David & Cindy Chapter 1.



C: Hello, this is Cindy.

D: Hello Cindy, this is David.

C: Hey little bro, how's life now that you are out of college?

D: Pretty good.  Working at my new job, but I'll be out your way this weekend.

C: Cool, we can get together.  Do you need a place to stay?

D: Sure do!

C: Good we'll see you then.

D: Uhm ....

C: Okay, tell me what's bugging you.

D: Well, I've been seeing a analyst you know.

C: Yeah Mom told me. What about it.

D: Well, my analyst, Stacy, well, uhm.

C: Come on, spit it out!

D: Well, she told me that I have some deep seated obsessions.  Or things I think
about too much. And that I need to talk them out.

C: So?

D: Well, she said I have to talk one them out with the persons involved in the
obsession.

C: Cool, so who is it?

D: Different people, but, one of those people is you. And Stacy says I am really
not going to be able to move on, if I don't talk this out.

C: Okay, I guess we can talk about it when you get here.

D: Well, it is kind of embarrassing, so, I was hoping that we could talk it out
on the phone?  You know to get it over with.

C: Hmm, embarrassing (smiling) well sure, we can talk about it now. But I will
probably bring it up while you are here this weekend.

D: I'd rather you didn't, but if you really want to, sure.

C: Okay then, tell me what it is, I am ALL ears.

D: Wow, this is really humiliating. I ... have ... these ... fantasies. 

C: Really, and how do they involve me.

D: Well, gosh this is really hard.  Uhm they involve you being in a dominant
position over me.

C: You mean like your boss, or telling you what to do?  Maybe your teacher or
somehthing?

D: No not really, maybe a little bit.

C: Well tell me what you mean.

D: I don't know if I can.

C: Come on, tell me!

D: Okay, but don't get weirded out please.

C: Damn it, (angry) I am not going to get weirded out. Tell me now!

D: Well, I mean dominant sexually.

C: Sexually?

D: Yeah, sexually. ... You are weirded out aren't you?

C: No, not really.  Tell me more about your fantasies though.

D: What?

C: I mean tell me all about them.  I want to hear the details.

D: There are only a few. I don't see how the details...

C: (Cutting in) Stop it.  You tell me the details now or I am hanging up.

D: No, please don't hang up.  I'll tell you the first one.

C: I am listening.

D: In the first fantasy, you have me over a barrel somehow. Like owing you
money, or you are blackmailing me.  And, you make me strip for you. Then you
torture me and humiliate me, and then you tell me how you are going to keep
doing it for the rest of your lives.

C: How do I torture you?

D: Do you really want to know that!?

C: Fuck yeah. Tell me.

D: Okay, you ... hit me ... in the balls.

C: And your dick too?

D: Yeah that too.

C: Cool!

D: Cool?

C: Yeah, cool.  I want to do it.  I want to do it this weekend when you get
here.  You are coming here, and I get to hit your testicles.

D: What?

C: Yes, I do, and I will. And you have to do it too.

D: Whoa! I do not have to do it!

C: If you don't I am going to tell mom!

D: No! Shit!  You can't do that!

C: Why not, it is your fantasy, and I do have you over a barrel.  SO FUCKING GET
USED TO IT. Maybe I won't like it though and you will only have to go through it
once.

D: Really?

C: Sure, now tell me about your next fantasy.

D: That seems like a really bad idea.

C: I will fucking spell it for you. M-O-M, do you want me to tell her about your
fucked up fantasy?

D: Okay, fine... Well in this one, you make me shave everything below my waist.
And you torture me again. But more severely. You hit my balls, and tie them up
with rubber bands. Finally you stick needles into me.  And the whole time you
have your blouse off, so I can see your breasts.

C: My tits, you want to see my tits. You fucking sick shit. What the fuck, you
want to see my breasts. Why.

D: I don't know I just like them, round, soft, size C aren't they?

C: D-Cup, don't get distracted. Where do I put the needles.

D: Into my cock head, and into my balls.

C: You sick fuck! Is your dick shaved now? And your balls?

D: Yes.

C: Nice, make sure you shave them again before you get here.  I don't know about
the needles yet. Do you fantasize about this much? How often?

D: Yes, I do, probably 20 times a day.

C: Holy shit, I thought maybe 2 times a week, or maybe once a month. I'll think
about it, if I feel like it, I'll stick needles into your testicles.

D: Yes Cindy.

C: That's better. But I want you to tell me that you want me to hurt your balls.

D: ... Yes. Yes I do. I want you to hit them and put needles into them.

C: Okay brother, I will hurt your balls, a lot. How many times can I hit them
this weekend?

D: Twenty times?

C: No, more times, how about 100?

D: If you want to you can hit them 100 times. I don't think you will, but if it
gets this out of my system.

C: Good boy. Tell me your next fantasy.

D: In my next fantasy, you tell me my cock is too small, and you make me take
male enhancement pills.  You overdose me on them in fact.

C: Tell me how big is your cock now?

D: Hard or soft?

C: Both ways. By the way, are you hard or soft now.

D: Pretty hard - 8.5 inches hard. about 7 soft.

C: Mmm nice, but it is too small. Tell me how thick is it?  In detail!

D: 2-3/4 at base and head, the shaft is 2-1/4 but half way up it thickens to
2-5/8.

C: Do you take male enhancement pills?

D: Yes, but just one a day.

C: Double it.

D: I tried that, but it made me sick.

C: (angry) I do not fucking care if it makes you sick, I want you to take them.
While you are here, you are fucking going to take triple doses. Do you
understand.

D: Yes.

C: Tell me another fantasy of yours.

D: I can't, it is too humiliating.

C: Really, tell me anyway.

D: In this fantasy, you torture me like before, but you take pictures and
videos.

C: So?

D: And then you send them to Mom, anonymously.

C: Does mom hit your balls in other fantasies?

D: Yeah.

C: I'll have to think about that one. Little bro, you are a fucking pervert ...
I can't believe you are telling me all of this. You know, I think that I will
make you sign a confession with all of this stuff on it.  By the way. I want you
to bye me some new video equipment so I can tape all this stuff. No, make it all
digital, so that it is easy to post on the internet. 

D: You are really going to hurt me, aren't you?

C: Yes, it is getting me quite hot, just thinking about it.  I definitely wish
to beat your cock and ball little bro.  I want you here at 7:00 PM Friday.  I
want you to write up a confession and sign it here in front of me. I want you to
buy me the camera, and I want 50% of the money in your checking account.

D: What, please don't ...

C: You little fuck, I already have you committed, don't fucking cry about it. 
If you do, I am going to use a bat on your balls.  DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND?!

D: Yes, I am sorry.  I'll do it of course.

C: Good boy. We'll see you Friday.


Chapter 2.

C: Hello Stacy?

S: Stacy here, who's this.

C: This is Cindy, David's sister.

S: Hey! So how did it go the first night?

C: I think it went pretty good. He got here at 7:00, then I made him sit down
and write down every fantasy he could think of. He bought me a nice video camera
too.

S: Hah! Excellent how many fantasies did you get?

C: Eighteen of them, most of them with me. Half a dozen with Mom.  Two with you.
and 4 of them with all three of us!  I made him sign them of course.

S: Fucking-A! That is better than we hoped for.

C: Then I told him to put on his pajamas and get ready for bed.  So he went to
his bedroom and I followed right behind him. 

S: He let you watch him change then?

C: I made him let me. I made him lose the boxers too. I tell you I have been
dying to see that big thick cock of his.  It was completely shaved and he was
very close to a full hard-on as I was looking at it.  I made him stop and I took
some pictures, I'll send them to you in an email.

S: Very nice. Did you start torturing him then?

C: No, I made him take his male enhancement pills. Triple dose.

S: Heh heh, so you did start torturing him.

C: Yeah, I guess so!  Then I put him to bed and tucked him in. I made sure to
bounce my boobs into his face a couple of times doing it.  Then I turned out the
light but left the door open. I spent the next hour reading his stories.

S: Did they get you wet?

C: They were okay, but I got the biggest thrill out of knowing it was my little
brother with all these sick fantasies.

S: Mmmmm, then what?

C: I changed into pajamas and I came in while he was asleep trying not to wake
him up. I crawled into bed with him and slid my hand down his pajamas.  It was
awesome playing with my brothers big dick in the middle of the night.  After a
few minutes he woke up.

S: What did he say?

C: I told him. "Don't say a fucking word."  and I grabbed his balls and squeezed
them. I pulled them around for about a minute until he started groaning. I tell
you he was rock hard!

S: Ooooh sweet, tell me what you did next.

C: I pulled down the covers and undid the fly of his PJs they are the drawstring
type so it was easy. I turned on the lamp so I could see better.  I saw that he
was ogling my boobs.  I slapped his face for it. But then I took my shirt off.

S: Ha hahaha. That will fuck with his head.

C: Exactly! Then I played with my tits while he watched for a minute. Then I
explained to him that I was going to hit his balls for the first time. I said
that if he blocked me while I was hitting them I would stop. Then I adjusted his
balls so that I could blast them. Made a fist, looked David in the eyes and then
punched his gonads as hard as I could.

S: I wish you had that on tape!

C: We'll have plenty of that later. I punched them two more times before he
blocked me. When he did that I got up, put on my shirt and told him. "You filthy
little fuck, you tell me you want something, then you block me when I do it.
Damn you, you fucking piece of shit." Then I stormed out, locking him in his
room.

S: Fucking awesome! He'll be begging you by noon tomorrow. You'll have him
wrapped around your little finger!

C: That's the plan. I can still hear him crying in his room. 

S: Sweet, put the phone over next to the door so I can hear it too.

C: Sure thing, hang on.

D: (Sobbing)

S: Thanks, call me again tomorrow night and tell me what happens!

C: Goodnight girlfriend!

S: Goodnight!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kanashin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





