BDSM Library - Island of Pleasure and Submission




Island of Pleasure and Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An elderly swinging couple takes a vacation to an island where blacks rule and whites submits.  This is one of my newer stories that will be continued unlike the older ones I have posted here.  I will continue posting the older ones if permitted by the site moderators till depleted and hope to keep the newer series updated at least monthly.
Island of Pleasure and Submission

John was a successful lawyer while his wife Sue was just as successful in her
business career.  Both in their late 40s, they found out early that the only way
to keep their marriage and sex life great was to go in to swinging with other
couples.    One day, they had sex with a girl in her thirties, who told them
about this swinging island and gave them tickets for two weeks.  She didn't go
into many details; except for the fact, their lives would be changed forever. 
The first chance they got, they both made reservations at the resort and boarded
the small watercraft plane for the island.  The island was very isolated they
were told and they could see the outline of a large plantation as their plane
neared it from the window.

As their boat departed the airplane for the shore, an elderly black woman
dressed in a mini-skirt well to small for her large size was there to meet them.

"Come on dears."  She said studying them with much interest.  "Leave your bags
on the beach and someone will pick them up later."

John and Sue both followed the elderly lady towards a small office just outside
the gate of the plantation.  Her large ass cheeks were sticking out from
underneath her skirt as John glazed at them in lust with each moment.  He knew
his wife must be doing the same as she never said a word as they finally made it
and entered the small open office space.

"Have a seat on the couch over here." She told them taking a seat herself behind
the desk facing them.  She seemed to be studying them as they sat quiet for a
few moments.

Sue finally broke the ice.

"This island is so beautiful."  She said.  "I can't wait to see inside."

The woman smiled at her.

"You don't have to make small chat, Mrs. Winters."  I have spoken with Denise
who recommend both of you and know exactly why you are here."  "Please stand up
and undress."

Both John and Sue were surprised by the woman's bluntness but both already horny
as hell.  That's why they had come here wasn't it.  Quickly they stood up and
started removing their clothes in front of the woman.  When completed, they
turned to face her.  John already had his cock in hand slightly dripping as he
stroked it slowly.  Sue was just standing rocking from foot to foot as her
glistering cunt was shining in the bright sun coming in the opened windows.  
Both were slightly overweight and Sue's ass was larger than she normally kept in
due to a lack of exercise lately.   The woman broke the silence again.

"Mrs. Winters go the window there and bend over the edge so that only your butt
sticks out in this room."  She commanded.

At first Sue looked stunned in silence and then walked over to the window edge
and bend over to the waist on the bottom window pane.  John watched and stared
at his wife's large but well rounded ass and stoked his cock faster.  Again the
woman spoke.

"Mr. Winters go over there and shove your white cock into your wife nasty fuck
hole."  "I'm sure she has been waiting all day for you to put it in there." 
Mrs. Winters, you may put your foot on the stool by the window side to give him
full access to your cunt."

John didn't have to be told twice as he made his way over to his large wife rear
as she lifted her foot onto the stool by the side of the windows.  He could see
her wet cunt from underneath and knew she needing his cock bad as he stroked it
harder approaching his target.   Setting up position behind her, he drove it
deep in her snatch as she moaned in delight at he entrance.

"Now fuck her hard."  The woman commanded behind them.

John quickly started pushing his cock in and out his wife cunt as he usually
did.  This time; however, being told and watched while he was doing it was
making him more and more excited.  His cock was as hard as he had ever seen it
and judging by his wife reaction knew she was enjoying it to.  He felt a hand
grip his ass in back and knew the woman had a handful of his ass cheek in her
hand.

"At this island you and your wife will serve as sex slaves to our guests along
with all the other white couples and singles."  She told him groping his ass
cheek behind.  "Your genitals will belong to any black mistress or master who
desires to use them and you will obey without question."  "Your full purpose
will be to please them."  "Do you both understand this or else you may leave
now."

Between the woman groping his ass in back and his cock plunging in Sue wet cunt,
John immediately yelled out he did as Sue more hesitate finally agreed between
her moans and rocking on John' cock.

"Good".  The woman continued.  "Now that the rules have been established, Sue
will you tell your husband where you really want his cock.  In your white ass, I
suspect."

"Noooooo."  "Not there."  "He's never fucked me there."  "Its too dry."    Sue
yelled back trying to fight the warm feeling all through her body still rocking
back and forth on her husband delicious cock.

Slap.

John almost shot his load in his wife's cunt as he felt the slap on his right
rear.  He immediately began stood there doing nothing with his cock still
implanting in his wife cunt.

"Be still slave and quit fucking the cunt till she tells me what she really
wants."  The voice reared up from behind.

Sue was nearing climax herself and trying to push her cunt up and down on his
cock.   She knew she couldn't get off this way despite her efforts.

"Please fuck my ass honey."  She finally spat out in desperation.

"What can of ass do you have?"  The woman asked adding to her torment.

"Fuck my big white ass."  "Hurry, I'm near cumming."  She yelled out in panic.

"You hear the bitch."  "Fuck her big white ass."  The woman commanded slapping
his ass cheek again.

John couldn't believe his wife was begging him to fuck her in her taboo hole
after all these years he had longed to do just that.  He withdrew his cock from
her cunt and finding the entrance to her asshole started trying to push in her
dark brownie hole.  She was tight there and he could hear her groaning from
outside the window and knew he was causing her pain as he kept pushing and
pushing driving it in inch by inch till it was firmly inside.

"Fuck my ass."  "Fuck my big white ass."

The sounds of his wife pleading with him were driving him wild with lust as he
started working his cock with slow motions in and out her asshole.  His cunt had
never been this tight around his cock before and he was fighting himself
desperately to keep from cumming to soon.  When he felt his wife ass shaking on
it and realized she had cum, he shot his load deep in her asshole.

They both just stood there for several minutes bent over.  His wife ass muscles
were closing on his cock as he rested on her back.  Her felt another slap to his
ass in back.

"You can't expect your wife to enter the plantation with cum coming out of her
ass."  The woman whispered in his ear.  "Get down there and lick all that white
cum of yours out of it."

The woman gave John two quick spanks to his cheeks as John dropped down to his
knees staring at the brown entrance of his wife asshole he had just ravished. 
His cum was already on the outer edges of the pucker opening.  He felt a kick to
his rear in back.

"Well go ahead you little wimp."  Put your tongue in there and clean her out." 
The woman instructed with another kick to his ass with her shoe.

John had rarely tasted his own cum and normally only from his wife mouth after
sex.  Still his cock was getting hard again at the sight and thought as he moved
his face forward and started lapping his tongue up and down her ass crack.  He
could tell by Sue reaction that she was now fully awake and enjoying the feeling
he was giving her.

"Get it in her asshole worm."  The woman commanded.  "We don't have all day." 
"Guest are just waiting to meet you two."

John started pushing his tongue in and out his wife's asshole as she moaned in
pleasure above.  He knew she was getting excited again and his own cock was back
to full arousal itself as he started to enjoy it despite himself.  Finally, he
felt to shoe toe stub his rear in back again.

"That's good enough."  "Now both of you stand up."

John pulled his tongue out and immediately stood up as directed while Sue bent
back over the ledge and joined him by his side.  Both of them wiggle from side
to side just waiting for the next thing they would be made to do as they watched
the woman go to the desk drawer and pull something out of it.

Two collars with leases.

She walked over as they watched her in lust.  Each of them wanted to favor her
large breasts in their mouth as she came back smiling at them.  First, she put
the collar around Tom neck and then the other Sue smaller neck.  Holding the
chain at the end of Sue's leash she walked between them leading Sue by her side
tightly with the leash. 

"Follow behind us slave."  She glanced back at John whose leash was still
hanging tapping his balls below.

"I'm sure you will enjoy the view."  "From now on you will refer to any black
person as mistress or master and any white person as slut or boy toy."

She was definitely right as John meekly followed behind.  Between his wife large
bouncing naked ass swaying back and forth and the elderly black lady big clothed
mini-skirt rear, he hasten to keep pace keeping his eyes pinned on the two fine
rears ahead.  His cock dripped as the walked to the gates of the plantation
knowing he would do whatever they demanded.  He had never had sex this great
before.  Sue ass had more swings to it as she walked and knew she was as
possessed as he was and eager to get inside.

They stood there at the gate as the woman took the key she was holding and
opened the large doorway.   There was about 10 to 20 people in the courtyard
sitting at small metal tables and chairs.  All sitting that is was black while
each seem to have a white servant on their knees in front of them servicing one
area or another.   It was a heaven come true as they walked in and John cock
reached new heights in length of the sight.  He watched a black couple in their
mid 20s get up and walk towards them.  The woman was beautiful and the man was
much taller and muscular than John.

The elderly woman dropped Sue leash as John hear her gasp realizing it must have
hit her cunt when released.  The couple kept approaching as the woman turn
towards them and patted each one on the face cheek telling them to be good
little toys before departing.

John couldn't help but stare at the beautiful black woman approaching.   He
wanted to drop to his knees and beg to lick that glorious hairy bush between her
legs but instead of going to him she walked over to Sue and placed her hand
behind Sue head pushed her face forward and starting kissing her.  John could
only stare in disappointment till he felt a large black hand grip his smaller
cock and start stroking it slowly.

"Don't worry boy."  The man spoke to him.  "Joy will enjoy your services later
after your bitch has attended to her properly."  "Right now I got something you
need to satisfy."

John watched as the young black woman placed her hand on Sue big round ass and
start walking her over to one of the tables in the courtyard.  His own position
was now awkward.  He had only had homo sex once in his life and wasn't that
thrilled by it.  It was mainly for Sue's pleasure.  The hand had a firm grip of
his cock which was very close to cumming again.

"Get on your knees boy."  The man commanded.

The man was a lot bigger and stronger than John and John knew better than to try
to take him on.  He submissively dropped down staring at the size of the man
large organ.  He knew by the sight if it ever got in Sue's cunt, his cock would
be worthless forever.  He saw the man grab his own cock and push it forward to
his lips.

"Open up boy."  "Service your black master."  The command came.

John glanced over to see Sue on her knees in front of the black woman who was
now seated and knew what she must be doing.  He opened his mouth.  The large
cock filled it quickly.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





