BDSM Library - Lesbian Teachers in Discipline




Lesbian Teachers in Discipline
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two lesbian teachers thought their secret was safe till a young female student finds out.
Mindy was a teacher and a lesbian at at the city high school.  Her lesbian lover
was also a teacher in the same school and both had kept the secret for over 2
years.  During the day, they avoided each other but at night they were furious
in bed testing their limits and enjoying a bdsm lifesyle that they choose.  They
were both submissive but took turns trading off dominating the other.

One summer evening in her class, Mindy noticed that one girl Kerry had her legs
wide underneath the desk and wearing no panties.  She tried to avoid looking at
the young pussy before her but her glaze kept coming back to it and the girl did
nothing but smile at her.  Her words were starting to stammer so she gave the
class the rest of the hour to do homework as she tried to concentrate on the
papers in front of her.  Her glaze kept again glancing up and starting at the
mound.  As the bell sounded for the her last class of the day, she started to
gather her papers and await Jeannie her lover arrival to go home.  Her pussy was
soaking wet from the view he had to endure throughout the day.  As she started
to get up, she noticed Mindy still sitting there with her shirt hiked farther
back and her finger rubbing her mound.  Mindy was dying to get her tongue in
their and tried to sound calm when she told her class was over and she could go
home.

Mindy just sat there.  I don't want to go home.  I think I perfer to have you
come here and lick my pussy.  You and Mrs Bain are lesbians I found out.  I seen
you rubbing and slapping her ass several times in the treacher restroom when you
thought no one was around.  I also know you love to have your fat ass spanked by
her and now it's my turn to have some fun.  Get undress for me now.

Mindy was confused.  She totally desired to be the young lady slave but at the
same time she had a professional job to maintain.  Kerry awoke her from her
thoughts with a warning she was going to tell everyone unless she obeyed her
commands.  Slowly she started removing all her cloths till she was down to her
panties and bra.

I said everything, said Kerry, rubbing her pussy mound more with Mindy standing
their licking her lips.

Minday slowly removed her bra exposing her hugh mounds and lowered her panties. 
She was told to get the ornament paddle on the wall and put it in her mouth and
then crawl over to Kerry.  She wiggled her ass in anticipation as she walked and
got the paddle, put the rope end in her mouth, and crawl forwasd to Kerry desk
wondering what was in store.

Kerry smiling at her picked up the paddle and demanded she laid belly down on
the desk top.  As she complied to get in position she felt the paddle tap her
ass several times lightly as cum leak out her pussy exposing her to the young
student.

Such a naughty little slut, said Kerry.  I guess I'll have to punished you for
looking at young ladies pussies in class.  I think 30 should be enough for a
large ass such as yours.

Yes mam, said Mindy rubbing her mound on the desktop.  Please don't hit too
hard.

Kerry leaned back and brought the paddle hard on the teacher upturned ass
causing her to yell in pain.  That's just a starter she teased and continued
laying the paddle on the wide ass in front.  By the fifteen hit, Mindy was in
tears begging her young mistress for mercy and promising anything she wanted.

I could stop at 20 if you promise to be my slave from now on instead of Mrs
Bain.  I plan to own her ass anyway when she gets here.  So what do you say
teach?  Do you want to be that bitch slave or mine.  She slapped her ass hard
again with the paddle causing Mindy to ass to jump up and her pussy juice to
leak out.

Yours mam, no more please.  I promise to be a good slave and do whatever you
say.  Make me your bitch and Jeannie too.  No more please.

Kerry laid the paddle on the floor and told the teach to get under the desktop
and service her pussy.  Mindy immediately got up and crawled underneath and
started lapping the pussy she had dreamed about all day.  She felt the young
lady reach orgasm but continued as the door open and Jeannie walked in stunned
at the sight before her.

Kerry just smiled up at her.  Your lover is now my slave.  She's such as little
pussy licker.  No wonder you like her so much.  I told you when you expelled me
that day, I would get even and I got a camera hidden in this room recording
everything that is going on.  Your ass is mine now.

Mindy was astoushed at the words above but in such a state of arrousal she
continued her licking.

What do you want, said Jeanie.

Why your ass of course.  You will be a slave like her to me and do anything I
want.  I'm going to pay you back for everything.

Jeannie tried to plea for bargaining but knew it wasn't going to happen.  Not
only did she have her lover on film but knew their secret.  They would be fired
and never hired again anywhere.  Finally she agreed with Kerry holding Mindy
head in her hand guiding it where she wanted.

I want you to strip naked now, she said.

Jeannie removed all her clothing and stood naked in the center of the room till
she was told to get down on her knees.  Mindy head was pushed away and Kerry
demanded she crawl back to her desk and get under it with ass out till she
called for her. She walked over to Jeannie and started rubbing her face cheeks.

My pussy has already came enough for now so what should you lick for me slut and
it better be the part I want licked.

Jeannie looked up with tears forming in her eyes.  Please mistess, may I lick
your sweet ass.

Kerry turned around and press her ass in Jeannie face rubbing her nose deep
within the crack.  Lick my asshole slut and if you don't do a good enough job,
I'm going to paddle that fat ass of yours and throw all your clothes out the
window so you can go home naked.

Jeannie stuck out her tongue and started rimming the brown hole in front of her. 
She had done it several times in the past with Mindy, but for some reason now it
was more exciting.  Her pussy was already wet.  She knew she was at the young
lady mercy and was starting to enjoy it despite her better judgement.

Not bad for a slut, said Kerry pushing her ass off Jeannie face.  Now crawl
under the desk like Mindy there. I sure you both can squeeze in except for those
fat asses of yours.

Jeannie crawled forward and squeezed her way in with Mindy underneath the desk. 
Neither could mover a muscle and was clenched in so tight they were having
trouble breathing.  Kerry meanwhile had gotten the paddle and returned sitting
in the teacher seat and moving it forward so she had a perfect view of the two
large asses in front.

Time for punishment sluts, she said.  By the way Mindy I lied.  You'll get the
ten I didn't do earlier while Jeannie will get 30.   Mindy was begging and after
the first ten on Jeannie ass, she started also.  She continued to give Jeannie
two to Mindy one for the rest of the duration as the teachers asses was totally
red and begging for mercy below.  Neither one of them could move and their asses
made perfect targets.

Kerry got up temporary and returned with 2 pieces of chalk which she inserted
slowly up their asses.  I think I'll take you sluts home with me tonight. 
Mother enjoys a good pussy and ass licking as well as I do.  Do you think that
is a good idea?  Maybe a little more paddling will convince you.

No mistress yelled both teachers.  We'll be good little slaves.  Please take us
home with you and let us lick your mother's pussy and ass.

I guess you'll do, said Kerry pushing the chalk into their asses till it
disappeared.  Get your dresses on but nothing else.

Mindy was a teacher and a lesbian at the city high school.  Her lesbian lover
was also a teacher in the same school and both had kept the secret for over 2
years.  During the day, they avoided each other but at night they were furious
in bed testing their limits and enjoying a bdsm lifestyle that they choose. 
They were both submissive but took turns trading off dominating the other.

One summer evening in her class, Mindy noticed that one girl Kerry had her legs
wide underneath the desk and wearing no panties.  She tried to avoid looking at
the young pussy before her but her glaze kept coming back to it and the girl did
nothing but smile at her.  Her words were starting to stammer so she gave the
class the rest of the hour to do homework as she tried to concentrate on the
papers in front of her.  Her glaze kept again glancing up and starting at the
mound.  As the bell sounded for the last class of the day, she started to gather
her papers and await Jeannie her lover arrival to go home.  Her pussy was
soaking wet from the view he had to endure throughout the day.  As she started
to get up, she noticed Mindy still sitting there with her shirt hiked farther
back and her finger rubbing her mound.  Mindy was dying to get her tongue in
their and tried to sound calm when she told her class was over and she could go
home.

Mindy just sat there.  I don't want to go home.  I think I prefer to have you
come here and lick my pussy.  You and Mrs. Bain are lesbians I found out.  I
seen you rubbing and slapping her ass several times in the teacher restroom when
you thought no one was around.  I also know you love to have your fat ass
spanked by her and now it's my turn to have some fun.  Get undress for me now.

Mindy was confused.  She totally desired to be the young lady slave but at the
same time she had a professional job to maintain.  Kerry awoke her from her
thoughts with a warning she was going to tell everyone unless she obeyed her
commands.  Slowly she started removing all her cloths till she was down to her
panties and bra.

I said everything, said Kerry, rubbing her pussy mound more with Mindy standing
there licking her lips.

Mindy slowly removed her bra exposing her huge mounds and lowered her panties. 
She was told to get the ornament paddle on the wall and put it in her mouth and
then crawl over to Kerry.  She wiggled her ass in anticipation as she walked and
got the paddle, put the rope end in her mouth, and crawl forward to Kerry desk
wondering what was in store.

Kerry smiling at her picked up the paddle and demanded she laid belly down on
the desktop.  As she complied to get in position she felt the paddle tap her ass
several times lightly as cum leak out her pussy exposing her to the young
student.

Such a naughty little slut said Kerry.  I guess I'll have to punish you for
looking at young ladies pussies in class.  I think 30 should be enough for a
large ass such as yours.

Yes mistress, said Mindy rubbing her mound on the desktop.  Please don't hit too
hard.

Kerry leaned back and brought the paddle hard on the teacher upturned ass
causing her to yell in pain.  That's just a starter she teased and continued
laying the paddle on the wide ass in front.  By the fifteen hit, Mindy was in
tears begging her young mistress for mercy and promising anything she wanted.


I could stop at 20 if you promise to be my slave from now on instead of Mrs.
Bain.  I plan to own her ass anyway when she gets here.  So what do you say
teach?  Do you want to be that bitch slave or mine?  She slapped her ass hard
again with the paddle causing Mindy to ass to jump up and her pussy juice to
leak out.

Yours mistress, no more please.  I promise to be a good slave and do whatever
you say.  Make me your bitch and Jeannie too.  No more please.

Kerry laid the paddle on the floor and told the teach to get under the desktop
and service her pussy.  Mindy immediately got up and crawled underneath and
started lapping the pussy she had dreamed about all day.  She felt the young
lady reach orgasm but continued as the door open and Jeannie walked in stunned
at the sight before her.

Kerry just smiled up at her.  Your lover is now my slave.  She's such as little
pussy licker.  No wonder you like her so much.  I told you when you expelled me
that day, I would get even and I got a camera hidden in this room recording
everything that is going on.  Your ass is mine now.

Mindy was astonished at the words above but in such a state of arousal she
continued her licking.

What do you want, said Jeanie?

Why your ass of course.  You will be a slave like her to me and do anything I
want.  I'm going to pay you back for everything.

Jeannie tried to plea for bargaining but knew it wasn't going to happen.  Not
only did she have her lover on film but knew their secret.  They would be fired
and never hired again anywhere.  Finally she agreed with Kerry holding Mindy
head in her hand guiding it where she wanted.

I want you to strip naked now, she said.

Jeannie removed all her clothing and stood naked in the center of the room till
she was told to get down on her knees.  Mindy head was pushed away and Kerry
demanded she crawl back to her desk and get under it with ass out till she
called for her. She walked over to Jeannie and started rubbing her face cheeks.

My pussy has already came enough for now so what should you lick for me slut and
it better be the part I want licked.

Jeannie looked up with tears forming in her eyes.  Please mistress, may I lick
your sweet ass.

Kerry turned around and pressed her ass in Jeannie face rubbing her nose deep
within the crack.  Lick my asshole slut and if you don't do a good enough job,
I'm going to paddle that fat ass of yours and throw all your clothes out the
window so you can go home naked.

Jeannie stuck out her tongue and started rimming the brown hole in front of her. 
She had done it several times in the past with Mindy, but for some reason now it
was more exciting.  Her pussy was already wet.  She knew she was at the young
lady mercy and was starting to enjoy it despite her better judgement.


Not bad for a old slut, said Kerry pushing her ass off Jeannie face.  Now crawl
under the desk like Mindy there. I sure you both can squeeze in except for those
fat asses of yours.

Jeannie crawled forward and squeezed her way in with Mindy underneath the desk. 
Neither could mover a muscle and was clenched in so tight they were having
trouble breathing.  Kerry meanwhile had gotten the paddle and returned sitting
in the teacher seat and moving it forward so she had a perfect view of the two
large asses in front.

Time for punishment sluts, she said.  By the way Mindy I lied.  You'll get the
ten I didn't do earlier while Jeannie will get 30.   Mindy was begging and after
the first ten on Jeannie ass, she started also.  She continued to give Jeannie
two to Mindy one for the rest of the duration as the teachers asses was totally
red and begging for mercy below.  Neither one of them could move and their asses
formed perfect targets.

Kerry got up temporary and returned with 2 pieces of chalk, which she inserted
slowly up their asses.  I think I'll take you sluts home with me tonight. 
Mother enjoys a good pussy and ass licking as well as I do.  Do you think that
is a good idea?  Maybe a little more paddling will convince you.

No mistress yelled both teachers.  We'll be good little slaves.  Please take us
home with you and let us lick your mother's pussy and ass.

I guess you'll do, said Kerry pushing the chalk into their asses till it
disappeared.  Get your dresses on but nothing else.

Both teachers were finally dress except for their bras and panties, which Kerry
laughed and threw out the class window.

Maybe some boy will find them and smell your nasty ass smell on them; she teased
leading them with chalk still in ass out the class to her car.  Both teachers
said nothing as they drove towards Kerry home and arrived at a two story nice
house.  Kerry walked behind slapping their asses as they made their way to the
door.  The chalk in their asses was melting from the heat as if it was a
laxative.

When they entered, Kerry called for her mother who showed up in her housecoat.

These are the teachers I was telling you about mom.  This one is the one that
expelled me and this is her toy.  They just love playing with each other and now
they belong to me.

Kay smiled at the women and told them to strip.  They were told to present their
tits for her inspection and then to spread their pussies as she slipped a finger
inside testing their sizes.  As they were told to turn around, she laughed at
the sight of their white assholes as the chalk had melted on them.

Mindy, why don't you show toy Mindy the playroom and have some fun with her. 
Meanwhile, I have a score to settle with this one for expelling one of my family
members from school.  Jeannie was pleading for mercy as Kerry grabbed Mindy by
the hand and started leading her upstairs.   Jeannie was told to bend over the
couch and awake her punishment.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





