BDSM Library - The Ex-daughter in Law




The Ex-daughter in Law
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ex-daughter in law returns to the home that kicked her out to enact her revenge on the family.
The Ex-Daughter-In-Law Fantasy

Lee went into her house and heard sounds from the bedroom.  She walked in and
saw Tom her husband tied to the bed and Jen her ex-daughter in law teasing his
cock and slapping it.  As she stood and watched, Jen was calling him bad boy and
telling him she was going to spank his ass.  She untied his feet and lifted them
over his head and retied them to the bedpost.

Bad boys need a good spanking, she said, and started slapping his ass as Lee
watched in amazement.  She knew she should walk in and put an end to it but her
and her husband hadn't had sex in a long time and she found herself getting
excited just watching.  His ass was turning bright red and he was telling his
mistress that he would be a good boy from now on and do anything she asked.  Lee
hand was stroking her pussy watching the hot action on the bed.  She hated Jen
since she married her son but at present she wanted her husband to suffer for
cheating on her.  She stroked harder as she saw Jen pushed two fingers in his
ass.

From now on, you are going to do what I say and not what that slut wife of yours
tells you.  Jen asked.

Yes mistress, my ass is yours only, replied Tom moaning from the probing of his
ass.

I'm going to make you dress up in her pantyhose and parade around the room while
I spank your ass, Jen said, untying Tom from the bed.  When he was untied, Tom
immediately ran to the dresser and pulled out Lee pantyhose and started putting
it on.  Lee still watching from the door was getting close to cuming and putting
two fingers in her pussy with her other hand.  She was so close, that she failed
to notice Jen had came around the door and both ladies stood facing each other
with Lee totally red in the face.  Tom was too embarrassed to even look at his
wife.

Well look what we have here, said Jen, noticing Lee fingers in her pussy as she
froze in embarrassment.  Slut is masturbating while I beat her husband.  Did you
like what you saw slut.

Lee didn't know what to say or do.  She needed to come even if Jen had to see
it.  Yes mistress, she replied and pushed the fingers deeper in her pussy.

Get your cloths off slut and get that finger out of your pussy.  I always wanted
to get even with you slut since you help your son throw me out of this house.

Lee undressed in front of the younger Jen.  She was fearful of what she would do
to her but to excited at present to resist.

On you hands and knees slut.

Lee dropped on the floor naked on her hands and knees.

I seem to remember someone telling me I needed a good spanking.  I think it was
you.  Now that the tables are turned, tell me to spank that fat ass of yours. 
Tom get me the paddle.

Please mistress, I sorry.  Please spank my fat ass.

Crawl to the kitchen and get on all fours on one of the chairs.

Humiliated, Lee crawled towards the kitchen with Jen walking behind her.  Ever
so often, she could feel Jen toe push between her cheeks.  Tom was following
meekly behind in her pantyhose only with the paddle.  She slowly made her way on
top of the chair seat with her ass pointed out in back for a perfect target.

I own your husband slut so I just as well own you too.  Taking the paddle from
Tom, Jen leaned back and hit Lee ass hard with it causing her to yelp from the
pain.

Only the beginning slut, she said, hitting her again.

Lee was doing a balancing act on the chair trying not to far off and avoid the
next hit at the same time.  She knew her ass would never be the same again as
tears were forming as she started to cry.  When she could take no more, Lee
started begging Jen to let her be her slut and toy.

Jen seeing she had broken Lee, asked Tom to get behind her.  She lowered his
panty hose and pulled out his cock.  Fuck my bitch in the ass, she demanded.

Lee had never been fucked in the ass before but didn't resist till Tom penis was
in her entrance.  The pain was not as bad as she thought it would be but it
still hurt.  She started begging Tom to go slower but Jen slapped her ass and
told her to get it in now.  The push almost knocked Lee off the chair as tried
to relax her ass muscles for the invader.  As he started withdrawing it she
relaxed momentarily till he pushed back in.  It still hurt but she was excited
again and her pussy was running.

When Jen finally saw Lee pushing her ass back with the rhythm of Tom cock,
walked in front of Lee and lifted her dress showing her pussy to the elderly
woman whom she had despised.

Do slut want to lick mistress pussy? She asked.

Yes, mistress please let slut eat your beautiful pussy, moaned Lee feeling the
urged to cum again.

Maybe later, said Jen.  Turning around she presented her ass to Lee face and
pushed back till she felt her nose buried in her crack.  Eat my ass bitch, she
said, smothering her face with her blossom ass.

Will the cock pushing in back and the ass smothering her face in front; Lee
started doing the only thing she could.  She pushed out her tongue and starting
licking the asshole edges.

In my ass, bitch, said Jen.

Lee started working her tongue in the tight bum hole till she had it loosen
enough to work it.  Jen was rocking back and forth as if it was a dildo.  She
felt Tom cum in her ass as she herself came shortly afterwards.  The ass in her
face silenced her moans as her hold body shook in rhythm.

Jen moved off her tongue and turned around and slapped her face.  Did I say you
could cum slut?

No, mistress, I sorry, I couldn't help it.

Both of you will be punished for cuming without approval.  Tom get down there
and clean your mess from her asshole.  I'll be back in a moment and it better be
clean.  Tom got down on his knees and started licking Lee asshole, as she stayed
balanced on the chair enjoying the feeling.

Jen returned in a moment with two large black dildos in hand.  She pushed Tom
head back and preceded to shove one in Lee ass as she gasped from the onslaught
of her already loosen asshole.  It had little trouble getting in as Jen
proceeded to tape it to her ass cheeks with duct tape.  Tom was a different
matter however, as he pleaded for mercy as it was inserted and taped the same.

Now we are going to play a little game said Jen helping Lee off the chair as she
screamed from the dildo pushing up her ass farther when she got up.  I'm going
to take a seat and watch you little bunnies hop around the table and when you
get to me you are going to wiggle those fat asses of yours till I spank them. 
Now get moving.

Lee almost fell from the first hop and the dildo pushed deep in her ass as she
descended downward and the tape held her ass cheeks tight around it.  She
proceeded on with Tom doing the same behind her.  When she arrived at the chair
again, she wiggled her ass at Jen.

Jen slapped her ass on the dildo causing her to jump up and then proceed on
moaning from the pain in her ass.  She could hear Tom receiving the same dose
behind.  Her pussy was soaking wet but her ass was on fire at the same time. 
She didn't' know which was worse.

After 5 rounds, Jen let the slave get on the floor in front of her with head
down and ass up.  She rested her foot on each one dildo pushing in slightly. 
Tell me sluts whose ass this is.

Both responded it was Jen as she smiled and pushed more.  She had plenty of
plans to get even with these two.  Her dreams of revenge for the way they
treated her when she was part of the family had just started.

Turn around girl slut and lick my pussy.  Boy slut stand up and lick my tits
while that slut wife of yours puts her ugly face where it belongs.

Tom quickly got up and started licking Jen pussy as Lee slowly crawled around
and buried her face in Jen pussy.

Jen was rubbing on Tom cock so that Lee could watch it inches from her red face. 
You see this cock slut, she said, stroking it in and out.  This wimpy dick is
mine now and you are not allowed to touch it unless I give you permission.  Is
that understood?

Lee looked up from Jen pussy.  Yes mistress, she meekly said, burying her tongue
back in Jen pussy. 

Jen climaxed on Lee face.  Putting her feet on her shoulders, she pushed her on
her back on the floor as Lee screamed as the dildo hit the tile.  Just a
reminder, whose boss, she smiled down.  Now get your ass up and mop the kitchen
floor clean.  Tom go outside and weed the flowerbed in back.  No, you may not
remove your plugs.

Tom hobbled out the house with his ass still plugged in his pantyhose while Lee
slowly got up and went to get the mop.    When she had the bucket full and the
mop damp, she proceeded to mop the floor till Jen came up and slapped her ass. 
Do the rest on all fours slut.

Lee protested how she was supposed to use the mop, but Jen slapped her on the
dildo causing her to yelp.

Use our tits, slut.  Dip them in the soapy water and start scrubbing.  It better
be clean by the time I get back from outside. 

Lee soaped her tits and started rubbing the floor with them.  She could hear Tom
yelling from outside and couldn't resist a peak through the glass door.  As she
looked, she saw Jen had picked up a switch and was swatting his ass as he had
his face buried in the flowerbed pulling grass.  His ass was wiggling up from
the bed as if he was stuck and Jen was striking it at will.  She could have
watched forever as her pussy was flowing in wetness, but knew she better get
back to work or no telling what she would do to her.  When she was almost done,
Jen came in with Tom crawling behind with sweat pouring down his face.

You are not done yet slut.  Switch, switch, she struck her ass several times
with the switch.  Hurry up.  I have other things for you to do.  Tom crawl you
butt to the living room.  I'll be there shortly.   Tom crawled past as Jen stood
on Lee side as she increased the pace of cleaning the floor.

Now you know what those flabby tits of your are good for slut, she smiled down. 
When you get done clean up the mess and come to the living room.  I'm going to
ride that stiff cock of your husband for a while and afterwards you are going to
clean my pussy.  Aren't you slut?

Yes, mistress, said Lee not looking up.  She needed a cock herself but dared not
tell Jen for fear she would hit her with the switch again.  Finishing the floor
and cleaning all the tools, she walked into the living room to see Tom on his
back with Jen sitting on his cock bouncing up and down.  Both were moaning in
lust as she saw Jen body shake from her orgasm.

Don't just stand there slut, she said, looking up.  Rising from Tom cock, she
proceeded to lower up to his head and turning around lowered her pussy on his
face.  Clean boy toy she said.  Slut get down here now and clean boy toy cock.

Lee dropped to the floor and crawl over till her head was above Tom cock.  She
pushed her tongue out and was about to lick his cock when Jen grabbed her hair
and told her to open wide.  When she did, Jen shoved her head down so that Tom
cock was buried deep inside.

I want you to get all of it slut.  It may be awhile before I let you have more.

Lee was bobbing her head up and down on Tom cock with Jen directing her speed. 
She hoped her son and daughter didn't show up today to visit.

Jen climaxed on Lee face.  Putting her feet on her shoulders, she pushed her on
her back on the floor as Lee screamed as the dildo hit the tile.  Just a
reminder, whose boss, she smiled down.  Now get your ass up and mop the kitchen
floor clean.  Tom go outside and weed the flower bed in back.  No, you may not
remove your plugs.

Tom hobbled out the house with his ass still plugged in his pantyhose while Lee
slowly got up and went to get the mop.    When she had the bucket full and the
mop damp, she proceeded to mop the floor till Jen came up and slapped her ass. 
Do the rest on all fours slut.

Lee protested how she was supposed to use the mop, but Jen slapped her on the
dildo causing her to yelp.

Use our tits, slut.  Dip them in the soapy water and start scrubbing.  It better
be clean by the time I get back from outside. 

Lee soaped her tits and started rubbing the floor with them.  She could hear Tom
yelling from outside and couldn't resist a peak through the glass door.  As she
looked, she saw Jen had picked up a switch and was swatting his ass as he had
his face buried in the flower bed pulling grass.  His ass was wiggling up from
the bed as if he was stuck and Jen was striking it at will.  She could have
watched forever as her pussy was flowing in wetness, but knew she better get
back to work or no telling what she would do to her.  When she was almost done,
Jen came in with Tom crawling behind with sweat pouring down his face.

You are not done yet slut.  Switch, switch, she struck her ass several times
with the switch.  Hurry up.  I have other things for you to do.  Tom crawl you
butt to the living room.  I'll be there shortly.   Tom crawled past as Jen stood
on Lee side as she increased the pace of cleaning the floor.

Now you know what those flabby tits of your are good for slut, she smiled down. 
When you get done clean up the mess and come to the living room.  I'm going to
ride that stiff cock of your husband for awhile and afterwards you are going to
clean my pussy.  Aren�t you slut?

Yes, mistress, said Lee not looking up.  She needed a cock herself but dared not
tell Jen for fear she would hit her with the switch again.  Finishing the floor
and cleaning all the tools, she walked into the living room to see Tom on his
back with Jen sitting on his cock bouncing up and down.  Both were moaning in
lust as she saw Jen body shake from her orgasm.

Don't just stand there slut, she said, looking up.  Get your face back there and
clean us up.  If you are nice, I may let you sit on Tom face for a little while.

Yes mistress, make momma a dog.  She will be a good bitch.  She has a big doggie
ass and mouth for you.   Please let me be your maid.  I'll do your laundry,
clean up, and bath you.  Please mistress.  She was still lapping Jen ass, as she
was talking not daring to stop.

Lee didn't speak for a while as she was thinking of her situation.  Jen was
giving her a chance to let her daughter out of a most embarrassing situation but
only if she agreed to replace her.  She couldn't make up her mind what to do as
she felt Jen squeezed her right tit hard.

Well slut?  Do you want to be the doggie or maid?

Ashamed of herself, lee replied.  Mistress I want to be your doggie.

Jen smiled down and told Lynn to get up and go to the bathroom and prepare her a
bath.  Take Tom and tie him to the toilet.  I want him to lick the toilet cover
his slut wife sat on before I have to go.  I love to pee on his face while I sit
on it.  Be sure to have his ass nice and red for me to look at.  She smiled as
Lynn got up and grabbed Tom by the hair led him to the bathroom

Well slut, let see how well you can perform.   Start crawling and be sure to
wiggle that large ass of yours while you barked.  You better make it good or I
slap you ass raw.

Lee started crawling as she had seen Lynn do earlier.  It was totally
embarrassing as she yep like a dog and tried to wiggle her large fanny.  Several
times, Jen came over and slapped her hard on the cheeks to get her in the mood. 
The plug still taped to her ass made it very unnatural.  She crawled at least 3
times around the room before Jen called her over to do her favorite doggie
chore.  Picking up Lynn panties she made her come over and then grabbing her
hair, started rubbing them all over her face.

Get a good whisk, doggie. 

Throwing them across the room. She demanded Lee fetch them and bring them back. 
She laughed as she saw her crawling and barking wiggling her fanny.  Picking
them up in her mouth she brought them back as Jen patted her head and proceeded
to do it again.  After 3 tosses she tired of the game and dropped them on the
floor.

Come here doggie and turn around.  You can hump your pussy on my leg.

Lee was despite and crawled forward.  Turning around she started rapidly pumping
her cunt on Jen legs panting like a dog in heat.  She heard Lynn return to the
room and announce to Jen that her bath was ready, but she didn't care.  She was
a dog in heat.  She came as she looked up to see the look of disgust on Lynn
face.  She kept rubbing her cunt till Jen pushed her ass away with her other
foot.  Demanding Lynn get the dog collar and her mother's panties off the floor,
she attached the leash to her neck and told Lee to chew on her panties till she
returned from the bath.

Laughing at her chewing on her own panties, her and Lynn left the room towards
the bathroom.

Jen walked into the bathroom and saw Tom tied to the john with his head resting
on the lid.  His ass was all red in back as she admired Lynn handiwork for a
moment.

You call this red.  She turned and faced Lynn.  If you are going to be my maid
you had better learn to take care of my pets.  Turn around and bend over. 
Spread that fat ass of yours.

Grabbing the brush, she took careful aim and spanked Lynn between the ass cheeks
with the bristle part of the brush.  Lynn cried out in pain.

Next time, his ass better be red inside and out Jen said hitting her again.

Yes mam, said Lynn as the blows rained on her asshole.  Please I'll do better
next time, I promise.  Oh, please.  She started crying promising to do a better
job.

Jen finally ceased and sat on the toilet with Tom face in her pussy.  What do
you say, boy toy.

Please mistress, pee on my face.

Jen let loose peeing on Tom face as she look down as it splattered down his
chin.  Now that your wife is my doggie, I can live here forever. Want that be so
nice.  You won't have to hide and come over anymore.  I can spank you anytime I
want.

Yes mistress, said Tom with piss all over his face.

She got up and got in the tub, demanded Lynn come and bathe her.  Lynn
immediately fell on her by the sides of the tub and started rubbing her hands
with soap.

That's it slut.  You are to clean me all over with your soapy hands and then
tongue each part to make sure it clean.  I don't want to have to spank you
again.

Yes mistress said Lynn running her hands up and around her breasts as Jen laid
back and closed her eyes to enjoy it to the fullest.  The bitch was always
bragging about how rich and beautiful she was and now she was nothing other than
a slut she would use for her pleasure.   She was getting wet as she started on
her pussy and raised her ass up slightly so she could get underneath.  She now
had the whole family except her ex-husband whom she had a friend already working
on.  His ass would be hers soon also.  She was horny with the thought as she
gripped Lynn hair and pushed it down between her legs in the tub.  Ah, that
tongue feels so good she thought as she started moaning from the licking she was
getting down there.  The slut thought she was getting it better going to doggie
to maid, but she had another thing coming, she smiled as she continued to enjoy
the tonguing guiding her face down lower to her asshole.  Looking towards Tom,
she could see his cock pointed out from beneath his legs as he was watching from
the john.

Get your head in that john, she said.  I didn't give you permission to look did
I?

Tom put his head back in the john which hadn't been flushed yet as Jen finally
came.  Gosh, that felt so good.  Pushing Lynn head aside, she told her to get
the towel and dry her off.  As she got out Lynn fell to the floor and dried her
feet off.

Maid, untie Tom and let him clean his face in the tub before you let the water
out.  Be sure to flush the john too.  I'll see both of you when you're done
cleaning in the living room.  I think I'll play with my doggie again for now. 
Leaving the room, Lynn started untying Tom from the john, neither dared to
disobey from fear of punishment.  She couldn't help rubbing his cock as she was
untying him wishing she had a cock in her pussy right now, but knew better
without permission.

Jen entered the living room to find Lee still chewing on her panties with her
ass up still taped and plugged.  What a lovely sight for the woman who had
treated her so bad when she was part of the family.  It's just for starters she
thought as she walked up behind her.

Does doggie lick chewing on her panties?

Lee glanced up barking and returned to the panties.  She had heard most of what
had happened in the bathroom and wished she had seen it.  She was so hot at
present, that she knew she must have made a puddle on the floor.

I'm glad, said Jen.  You have lots of panties to chew on since you don't need
them anymore.  I'll even let you chew on Lynn since she won't either.  Isn't
that nice.

Bark, bark.

I think its time for you to use the bathroom.  Grabbing her leash, she led Lee
crawling behind and outside the backyard.  Lee was too excited now to protest
any longer.  Finding a spot by the bushes, she pointed to it and said this is
your new potty.  We haven't trained you yet for the house so you'll have to use
this till we do.  Now go pee.

Lee crawled forward and squatted on the ground and let loose.  She was a dog in
heat and didn't realize how bad she needed to go till she had felt the breeze of
the cool air on her cunt.  She hated what she had become but didn't know how to
resist it anymore.  She had always been a proud woman who could dominate others
and now found she was more excited by being a slut than any other time in her
life.  Yes she needed it no matter how humiliating it was.

Finishing her duty, Jen had her crawl forward and rub her pussy on the grass to
clean it.  Pulling her alone she led her back into the house.  Tom and Lynn were
already in the living room as they arrived with Lynn standing up and Tom on his
knees on the floor.  Jen led Lee to a chair and then had a seat.

I have decided that I am going to stay here full time so let�s get the rules
straight.  You Lynn will be my maid and serve my every need.  You will be
responsible for anything boy toy and doggie does and will be punished with them. 
So I suggest you learn to control them.  I have enough on you to keep you as a
slave for as long as I want.  Since I cannot blackmail Tom anymore with the
pictures of him and me, he has the option to leave but I will send them to his
company and friends and try to destroy is career.  Do you want to leave boy toy.

No mistress, I am here to please you.

She looked down at Lee humped on the floor watching what was going on.  Doggie
you may leave now if you want but your husband and daughter is mine and you can
take only what clothes you can get in your hands.  The choice is yours.  You can
start a new career moneyless or you can be used by me and live to regret it. 
Which will it be?

Lee didn't need anymore time to think.  She was now as obsessed as the rest of
her family and immediately replied that she was only a dog to be used.

Jen decided to test the situation.  Lynn you are to take doggie and boy toy over
to the corner of the room and spanked their asses till I come.  You know how I
like to see red asses. She laid back in the chair and watched as Lynn pull Tom
by the hair to the corner and then came back grabbing Lee leash and led her to
his side.  Pushing their heads down in the corner she started slapping their
asses while Jen started masturbating her pussy slowly.  She wanted them bright
red and didn't want to come too early.


Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





