BDSM Library - The Boss's Wife Slut




The Boss's Wife Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The boss wife had her own fantasy of submitting to a younger woman.  She decides to visit her husband after hours only to find her dreams come true.
The Boss's Wife Slut I

Elaine was beginning to be obsessed with the thought of being dominated by a
younger girl.  She was in her late forties and married to a man who was wealthy
and had his own business.  She could have anything she wanted except the type of
sex she craved and desired.  Her husband was always too busy at work or too
tired when he got home.  She turned to the internet at first masturbating at the
pictures she found only to find she was more attracted to the thought of a
younger woman dominated an older one.   The thought was sick but she couldn't
help getting wet and cumming at the pictures and stories.  She even tried having
sex with a few guys without her husband knowledge only to find it wouldn't
satisfy her need.

Today, she couldn't find her credit cards and decided to go to John office to
get his.  She had only been there once and that was nearly a year ago.  It was
past closing time and everyone was gone as she arrived.  She let herself in
using the spare key her husband had given her years ago.  The place was dark as
she made her way down the long corridor to the office area where she saw light
underneath the door.  She started to open it when she heard sounds from inside.

Owll, Owll, yes mistress.

Elaine slowly turned the doorknob peeking inside the room.

John was naked by the desk area squatting down on what looked like a long tube
attached to a wooden thing on the floor.  Elaine noticed the top of the tube
disappeared in his asshole and he was rocking up and down on it.  His hands were
tied behind his back and she could make out between his legs that his balls were
tied with a cord.  She could see a young girl in her late teens or early
twenties sitting at the desk chair with her feet on the desk holding a cord in
her hand   Each time she pulled on it, John would rock down on the tube and moan
out in pain.

Are you every going to disobey me again, the girl said with a smile looking down
at him.

No mistress, I promise I'll be good, John replied in desperation. Sweat was
rolling down his back.

The girl pushed her foot up to his face.

Clean my foot worm, she commanded.

John started lapping away at the foot shoved in his face.

You're going to call that slut wife of yours and tell her you have to work late
today, the girl continued.  She probably rather play with her old cunt than have
that tiny worm of yours between her legs anyway.  Isn't that right bitch?  Do
you want me to go over there and spank your wife big butt for you?  I bet you'll
get off seeing me dominate the old hag wouldn't you?  Maybe I'll use her for my
seat cushion.

Yes mistress, John replied, continuing lapping her foot.  Make the bitch your
slave.  Beat her big ass.  She's a slut mistress, John pleaded.  Sit on her ugly
face.

Elaine was stunned at his words closing the door back up and starting back down
the corridor.  Her own husband talking about her like that.  Her cunt had been
soaking wet from watching the action in the room but the humiliation tore at
her.  She could leave the bastard and take everything he had.   The image of the
girl was still in her mind as she made her way to the front door.  The girl was
beautiful and despite the humiliation she found herself wishing it was her
instead of John squatting of that dong worshipping her feet.

She went back to the car and drove home immediately.  Jumping into bed, she came
twice with the thought of the girl dominating herself and drifted off to sleep
without even hearing John come home.

The next morning she awoke to find John had already gone.  The images were still
in her mind as she masturbating in bed thinking of them.  She had to try it or
she'll lose her mind, she thought to herself.  She got up doing her normal
housework and then got dressed deciding to go over to John work that evening
around closing time.

The office was still open as she arrived.   Everyone seem to be gone as she
proceeded back down the corridor till she came to John office and noticed the
young girl was sitting at the secretary desk as she arrived.

She looked up at Elaine with a surprised look on her face.  Can I help you, she
asked?

The beauty of the girl and seeing her up close for the first time stunned
Elaine.  It took her a moment to gather herself.

I'm Mrs. Jenson and I'm here to see my husband, she said regaining her voice and
courage.

He's in a meeting right now and can't be disturbed the girl told her.  You can
wait if you like.

That's fine, Elaine said, taking a seat on the side.  She watched the girl
reading some papers on the desk and admired her legs in the short mini-shirt she
was wearing.  She found herself licking her lips with the thought of crawling
underneath her desk licking them.  She must have been staring as the girl was
looking at her smiling.

Do you like my legs, she asked?

Elaine was shocked at her comment.

I'm sorry, she lied, I must have been daydreaming or something.  She wanted to
say what she thought but the words just wouldn't come out.  She watched as the
girl slowly turned her chair towards her allowing her a glimpse of her inside
thighs.  She almost fainted at the sight of her beautiful white thighs and then
gasped in surprise as she widened them slightly exposing her cleavage between
them.  She had on no panties, as Elaine just remained seated staring at her bush
underneath.  She knew her tongue must have been wagging at the sight but she
couldn't help but stare.

How about now?  Do you like this better, the girl asked with a smile on her
face?

Yes, I mean I'm sorry, yes I do.  There she said it as she flushed red in
humiliation at what she just said.

Thought so, the girl replied.  Getting up she walked over to Elaine who was
shaking.  Come with me, she said.   Your husband will be busy for the next half
hour.

Elaine slowly got up and walked behind the girl watching her ass globes shake in
the tight skirt she was wearing.  Her mouth was watering at the thought of
getting inside that skirt.  She followed her inside the hall bathroom till she
stopped and turned around.

Get on your knees and beg to lick my cunt, the girl commanded.

Elaine quickly fell to her knees like a dog in heat.

Please let me lick your cunt.  Please.

Mistress, the girl demanded.

Please Mistress let me eat your cunt, Elaine repeated.

The Boss's Wife Slut III

She watched as the girl raised her shirt exposing her slight hairy bush to her
face.  She stared at it waiting to favor its pleasures when she felt her hair
being pulled and her face slammed into it.  She quickly pushed her tongue out
working up and down on her clit.  This was her dream come true as she lapped and
lapped.  Her hair felt like it was being pulled out by the roots as she focused
on getting the girl to cum working her tongue in and out and up and down her
clit.  She was close to cumming herself when she felt her cum on her face
rocking up and down on her nose and mouth.

Strip, the girl commanded pushing her face from her bush.

Elaine quickly started removing her blouse and skirt and next the bra and
panties.  She remained on her knees naked in front of the girl on the cold tile
floor.  The girl was running her hand through her hair smiling down at her. 

Suddenly, she felt her hair being pulled as she was dragged on her knees into
the toilet stall.  Her face was pushed down into the bowl as she felt the first
spank on her ass.

Owll, she yelled.  Owll.  Please stop, owl.

Her ass was being slapped as if she was a kid being punished and the girl was
showing her no mercy.  She tried to reach back to protect it only to have her
hands slapped and hurt worst.

Take that you horny old bitch, the girl was yelling.  And this.  Her ass was on
fire as the girl kept hitting it with her palm.  You lesbian bitch.  Your ass
belongs to me, she continued.

Elaine was in tears.  Yes mistress.  I'm your bitch.  Please no more.  I'll do
anything.

Finally she stopped as Elaine remained over the bowl crying.

Stay in that position till I come back to get you if you know what is good for
you, the girl stated and then departed leaving Elaine bent over crying and
humiliated.  It was a good 15 minutes before she finally returned.

Come on bitch, the girl called her.

Elaine slowly got up only to have her face slapped hard.

Get on all fours bitch, the girl said, slapping her again.  I'll tell you when
you can stand up.

Dropping to all fours, Elaine crawled behind the girl out the bathroom stall
back into the hallway.  She had forgotten all about John and was now wondering
where he was as she tried to keep pace.  They entered the office as Elaine
looked up to see John hogtied on the desk with his face over the edge.  His look
of surprise was almost as bad as hers.

Told you I was going to beat your wife slut ass and make her my slave, the girl
told him pinching his nipple till he yelled out.  She's a natural slut just like
you are.

She went to the counter and got some rope demanding Elaine return to an upright
position on the floor.  She tied her hands behind her back and then her ankles
together.

Squat slave, she demanded.  I have a nice little toy for you.

Elaine watched as the young secretary went back to the cabinet and returned with
the floor pole object she had seen on John earlier.  If was a dowel attached to
an xbase smooth at the top. The girl pulled Elaine by the hair till she was
hovering above several small clamps on the floor and then got down and attached
the wooden pole.

Now squat your fat ass on that, she said, sticking her on her right ass cheek.

Elaine could see the lust of John face and turned red in embarrassment.  She had
come too far and her pussy was so hot.  She slowly moved around till she felt
the dowel at the entrance to her asshole and then slowly lowered herself on it. 
The object wasn't very thick but it was long and she had to balance herself.  As
she was still trying to adjust to her ass being stuffed, the girl returned with
several clamps and she watched in horror as she attached them to her clit and
tits.  The pain shot all through her body.   Strings were attached to the ends
of the clamps.

She watched the girl return to the desk with the strings in her hands.

Time for you to put on a show for your hubby, she said.  You are going to fuck
your ass raw on that pole till I feel his pecker is hard.

She pulled the slit strings as Elaine yelled out in pain.

Fuck it, she yelled at Elaine.

Elaine started rocking back and forth on the pole as the girl continued to toy
with her cunt and tits stretching them to their limits.  She was smiling at her
misery as Tom was staring wide-eyed with his mouth still taped.  Her asshole was
burning in pain as she started begging the girl for mercy promising anything she
wanted.

The girl finally quit and got up untying John arms and legs.  She commanded him
to get off the desk and grabbing his cock lead him to Elaine.

Shove your cock up your bitch mouth, she demanded of John.

Elaine opened up.  Her cunt was on fire and she was so horny as John shoved all
8 inches in her mouth with one push.  She heard a slap and felt his cock shove
deeper in her mouth rocking her farther back on the pole.  The girl was slapping
his ass as he was fucking her mouth with each slap.  She had never felt so
humiliated and embarrassed but at the same time she was so horny she would have
done anything.  She was close to coming herself, when her mouth was filled with
his cum and dripping down her chin.

I didn't say you could come; the girl screamed at him and slapped his face. 
Turn around bitch.

Elaine watched as John turned around and the girl made him bent over.  She went
to his desk and returned with a dildo attached to a rubber belt.  She walked
over to Elaine and attached the belt around her face.  There was a small dildo
on the other side that went in her mouth while the larger one was sticking out
in front.

She patted Elaine on the face cheek.  Time to return the favor she said smiling
at her before getting up and grabbing John hair forced him backwards towards
Elaine.

Shove it up his ass and fuck the bitch.  She demanded.

Elaine didn't need any encouragement.  Her own asshole was sore and John's
pounding in her mouth had added to her own misery.  She immediately shoved at
his asshole and tried to push the dildo up his big butt.  John must been fucked
had been fucked plenty of times as she had very little trouble getting it
started and his pushing back on it helped it along.  She was getting excited
watching it go in and out his ass.  Serves the bastard right for cheating on me
she thought as she pushed harder and harder.

The secretary was encouraging her on as John moans from above told her the
rimming was getting to him.  She didn't care at this point as she shoved as far
in as she could

Good little bitches, the secretary said, patting each on the head.  Now that
each of you had your fun it's my turn.

She pushed Elaine face away from John ass as the dildo popped out of his
asshole.  Get up bitch, she told Elaine.

Elaine rose off the floor pole and almost fell to the carpet.  She had been
squatting for so long all the blood had rushed out her legs.  Finally, she
managed to stand up.

The secretary went to the desk and returned with two pens.  She had both of them
turn around as she pushed each pen into their loosen assholes.

Now each of you are going to walk around the room and wiggle your fannies as you
walk.  Bitch, she said, looking at Elaine.  You are going to pull and tweak your
tits as you walk and repeat I am a lesbian bitch.  You, she said, looking at
John, are going to do the same except you will pull and twist on your cock and
say I am a worthless dicky.  Now get moving bitches.

Elaine and John both started walking around wiggling their fannies and pulling
their tits and cocks and saying what their mistress demanded.  The girl had
returned to the desk chair and took a seat watching them and laughing at their
plight.  She was stroking her pussy with her feet on John's large desk.

Slap your asses with one hand, she demanded.

The couple started slapping their wiggling butts as they proceeded around the
room repeating their instructions.  Several times they were told to slap the
others ass because they weren't do a good enough job on it.  When mistress
called them over, they were exhausted and immediately got to their knees as
demanded by her side.  John was commanded to clean her wet pussy, which had just
come while Elaine had to clean her fingers.

Bitch, she said, looking at Elaine.  You will be my new secretary and will work
after hours as your bitch husband.  By the way, I pimp him out after hours and
you will join him.  There are plenty of men and women who will pay dearly to
beat or fuck a corporate manager or his wife.  By the way, the cleaning lady
gets it free once a week.  And guess what?  Here she is.

Elaine looked at the doorway in surprise.  A large black lady was standing there
totally naked with a belt in one hand and a strap-on dong in the other.  Elaine
gasped in fear.

Velma, why don't you introduce yourself to my new bitch?  Bet you didn't know
the bitch had a wife.

Elaine saw the black woman smiling and walking over.  Her hands and ankles were
still tied as the woman grabbed her ear and pulled her over to the window. 
Stand against the pane so everyone outside can see your fucking body, she
whispered in her ear.  I'm going to beat your white ass raw.

Swish, swish.  Elaine was flat against the pain rubbing her tits all over it as
the belt started descending on her ass mounds.  The woman was showing no mercy
as she started crying and begging for mercy.

Do you want me to continue or fuck you butt, the woman said?

Fuck my ass, Elaine shouted.  I can't take any more.  Please.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





