BDSM Library - The Substitute




The Substitute
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The tables of power turn when a ninth grade substitute teacher finds herself the victim of a massive gang rape, culminating in a severe spanking.  Teenagers can be so cruel!
*********************************************************

This is intended for adult audiences, only for those
over 21 and NOT for younger ages and/or anyone who
finds this subject matter offensive or objectionable.
It IS fiction, entirely the product of imaginary
storyform and any similarity to anyone anywhere is
strictly coincidence.

WARNING: Contains controversial explicit sexual
situations! DO NOT read any further if this kind of
material has no appeal to you.


***************************************************




The Substitute

A tale by Dom Master...



Chapter 1 - Morning

Jenny was anxious as she wrote her name, Mrs. Mitchell, on the blackboard.  She
had taught gifted elementary children in a satellite school in upstate New York
for 10 years until her husband was transferred to Los Angeles.  As a corporate
attorney, he had always provided her with the finer things in life, so when his
company asked him to take over the legal department for the Los Angeles
division, she was supportive and confident she would find a comparable position
in the Los Angeles school district.

The way it was explained to her, the gifted program and the special needs
program had been combined into a joint initiative called PACE - Parent and Child
Excellence.  It had been formed as part of the "No Child Left Behind" initiative
to address the needs of the children not served by the general school system. 
Since she had relocated in the middle of the school year, she would have to
serve as a substitute teacher for a period of time.  She didn't mind though
because it would give her an opportunity to meet the school board, and get into
a suitable location.

Today, however, she would be subbing for a ninth grade class for second chance
students.  These were the students who struggled to keep up, and out of trouble. 
The school was located in an impoverished, predominantly Latin American
community and her students would be mostly Latino, some blacks, and a few white
children.  She figured this would also give her a chance to reach out to them
with the message of Christ, since she had strong religious convictions and
usually spent the summers teaching Bible school at her church.

As she wrote her name, her flowing, deep burgundy knee length dress waved
gracefully around her shapely legs.  She was fairly tall at 5 feet 7 inches, and
weighed about 135 pounds.  Although she was 34 years old, she worked out at the
gym with a Christian women's group twice a week, and was pretty well toned.  The
dress covered her full, 38-26-37 inch figure modestly, not quite revealing her
curves.  She had developed rather young, and had always been somewhat self
conscious about her figure and the attention it drew, so she normally wore
dresses to minimize her shape.  She was definitely a woman of taste and means,
and wore fine clothes of high quality, right down to her fashionable 3 inch high
heals, which accentuated her calf muscles as she reached up to the top of the
board.  Her blond hair was cut just above her shoulders, and had natural, loose
curls.  Her eyes were a deep, beautiful blue and her face was squared off, with
a firm jaw and high cheek bones.

The classroom she had been assigned to this morning was actually a mobile
classroom situated on the far side of the campus, somewhat away from the main
building, in a row along with several others separated by about 30 feet between
them.  Being somewhat of a walk from the main building, she didn't think it odd
that the students hadn't shown up by the time the bell rang, and she was
grateful for the extra few minutes she had to freshen up and prepare herself for
the challenge of the day.  Being in a new environment caused her to be somewhat
apprehensive, but she mentally calmed her nerves and stood patiently by her
desk.

Before too long, she began to hear the commotion of 14 and 15 year old kids as
they made their way across the open lot to the classroom.  She moved to the door
to greet them as they came in and was startled by the leering stares that met
her.  She noticed that some of the boys were as big as grown men, complete with
facial hair, and watched their eyes as they looked up and down her body, nodding
in approval.

"Please take a seat." she offered as they milled past, lingering close to her.

As the 14 boys and 6 girls found their seats, they passed knowing glances to
each other and seemed to be rather excited.  She just assumed it was the fact
that she was a new substitute, and a rather attractive white woman at that. 
After all, boys will be boys.

"Good morning." she said, in her upbeat tone.  "I am looking forward to getting
to know each of you, and I am sure we're going to have a wonderful time today."

"You got that right, Bitch!" one of the boys replied.

"Excuse me?" Jenny asked puzzled.  Did she really hear what she thought she
heard?
 
The boy stood up as he repeated his remark.  "You got that right, Bitch!  We're
gonna get to know each other REAL good, and it's gonna be a real fine, fuckin'
day."

Jenny was in shock, but tried to maintain her composure.  She hadn't been
instructed as to what she should do in a situation like this, and wasn't sure
what action to take.  She did know that she needed to get control of the
situation immediately.

"Young man, what is your name?" she demanded.

"Pedro." he smirked as the other students began to laugh and exchange comments
with each other, mostly in Spanish.

"I must ask you to report to the principle's office; right now!" she demanded
with a shaky voice, as she pointed to the door.

Pedro got up slowly and began moving toward the door.  When he got there, he
pushed it shut and turned a deadbolt Jenny had not noticed being there.  She new
she was in trouble as he stepped up right in front of her, blocking her way to
the exit.  He stood several inches taller than her, and appeared to be muscular,
especially for a ninth grader.  She didn't know he had been held back a couple
of years, and was actually 17 years old.  At 5 feet 10 inches and 165 pounds, he
was more than a match for her.

Filled with shock and fear, Jenny was unable to respond as he grabbed the hair
on the back of her head in his hand and pulled her toward him.  She pounded her
fists into his shoulders as he covered her mouth with his, and as she tried to
scream out, his tongue forced its way into her.  He pulled her tightly against
himself, working his knee between her legs as he kissed her forcefully.  Her
protests were muffled by his mouth and the jeering of the other students who,
instead of helping her, seemed to be cheering him on.  She struggled to push him
away as his free hand grabbed at her ass and pulled her crotch tightly against
his upper leg.

"Get her Pedro!" one the girls shouted, laughing.  "Show this white bitch why
she's here."

"Get her Pedro." several of other the other students chimed in, as they began to
gather around the two.

"What are you doing?" Jenny pleaded as he pulled his mouth away from hers. 
"Please.  Please don't do this."  Tears were streaming down the frightened
woman's face.

"Are you crazy?"  Pedro looked at her with a lust she had never seen before. 
"You are too fine.  We wouldn't pass on you for a million fucking dollars!"

As the "we" part of his response began to sink in, Jenny's legs buckled and she
found herself collapsing into Pedro's arms.  He maneuvered her toward the desk,
and sat her on the front edge of it.  As he stood in front of her and held her
arms against her sides, two of the smaller boys moved quickly to the front of
the desk, pulled her ankles apart and held them in front of  the desk legs,
about 3 feet apart.  One of the girls moved behind her, unzipped her lovely
dress down to the small of her back and pushed it over her shoulders and down,
revealing a delicate, white chemise.

Jenny's head bobbed and weaved as she fought to deal with the situation that was
unfolding.  She had no defense mechanism in place to cope with the assault that
was happening to her, and she seemed to be moving and thinking in slow motion. 
Her energy was sapped away, and she realized she was hyper-ventilating.  Her
arms were raised above her head as the chemise was pulled up and off, exposing a
lacy, demi bra.  The sight of her full breasts barely contained in the white
fabric stopped the students in their tracks as they took in the long line of
cleavage.

"God damn!" one of the boys exclaimed in a low, guttural voice.  "This bitch got
some fine titties." he continued as he traced his finger down through the crack.

Her tits were full and bulged above the top of the D cups that held them up.  A
collective sigh emerged as the bra was unhooked and removed.  Though they hung
down a bit, her breasts stood firm and proud on her chest.  Her nipples were
proportionately large, and stood erect from the adrenaline surging through her. 
Her areolas were a light brown, and faded at the edges into the milky white
flesh of her breasts.  She was truly voluptuous.

Jenny's face and chest flushed a bright red as she felt the many eyes staring at
her naked breasts.  She tried to stand and reach her hands up to cover herself,
but was met with a powerful blow to her stomach from Pedro's fist.  Coughing and
trying desperately to draw in a breath, she felt her entire body grow limp as
she began to see stars.  Falling back against the girl behind her, she felt
Pedro hike her dress up over her shapely ass and bunch it up around her waist.

"Let's see the rest of the package." Pedro said excitedly as he pulled her hose
down to her thighs.  Her white French cut panties drew another round of jeers
and whistles.  Reaching into his pocket, Pedro produced a butterfly knife and
flicked it open.  Starting at the crotch, he pulled the sharp blade through the
thin material of the panty hose, separated the halves and slid them down around
her ankles.  The boys quickly tied them to the desk legs to secure her. 
Slipping the knife blade under the waist band above each hip, he separated the
front from the back of her panties, slowly lowered the front half down and let
it hang over the edge of the desk, exposing her soft, light tan pubic mound to
the lust filled students.  The hair was thin and wispy and her vulva clearly
visible.  The girl standing behind the helpless woman held her head up so that
she faced the crowd of kids staring at her uncovered pussy.  She looked at them
in desperation, hoping to find at least one who would stop this madness, but all
eyes were fixated between her legs.  She tried kicking against the nylon
restraints around her ankles in a desperate attempt to free herself, but to no
avail.  She was completely at the mercy of these kids.

"Oh my God, she's a true blonde!" she heard someone say.

Other than her husband and her doctor, no one had ever seen her naked.  Utterly
humiliated to be so exposed and vulnerable in front of a classroom of young
teen-agers, she begged them to stop.

"Please!  Let me go."  Her cries fell on deaf ears.

In fact, instead of letting her go, many hands began to grope her huge tits. 
Her shoulders were pushed down against the desk as Pedro pulled her hips
forward, positioning her so that the small of her back was just at the edge. 
Standing between her legs, he undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. 
He wasn't wearing underwear.  The realization that she was about to be raped in
front of a class of students sent her mind in a frenzy.  What was she going to
do?  How could she stop this?  A hand was placed over her mouth and she began to
cry out as she felt a wet finger push its way inside of her.  "This can't be
happening." she told herself as it worked its way in to the knuckle.  But it was
happening, and she felt Pedro twist his finger around inside of her, lubricating
her.  He used his thumb on her clitoris, which happened to be rather large and
extremely sensitive, another of her body's features she tried to minimize.  She
was extremely self conscious of her vagina, and always insisted that the lights
remained off during lovemaking with her husband.  He didn't seem to mind though,
and was awarded with a very orgasmic wife.

Involuntarily and against her concentrated efforts, her body betrayed her and
began to respond with its own lubrication.  Shame overwhelmed her as she felt
her own moisture aid the probing digit, now joined by a second, as they began to
pump in and out of her.

"Check this shit out," Pedro exclaimed as he withdrew his wet fingers and
displayed them for all to see.  Jenny's shame was immeasurable.  Stepping back,
the boy spread her labia with his thumbs and showed her glistening pussy to the
crowd.  One of the girls actually reached in and ran her index finger along the
opening, pressed her moistened finger to her lips and licked.

"Sweet as honey." she declared.  Being very modest, Jenny nearly fainted from
embarrassment.

Pedro's 7 inch cock was pulsing with each heartbeat as he removed his shirt and
repositioned himself between her legs.  Using his thumb and index finger, he
rubbed the head of his cock up and down her moist slit, covering it with her
juices, and then he lined himself up with the entrance to her pussy and pushed
himself halfway in.  Jenny cried into the hand covering her mouth as she
struggled to keep the boy's penis from penetrating her any further.  Her pussy
gripped him tightly as he pulled himself nearly all the way out, and then sank
his cock completely into her.  He was larger than her husband, the only other
cock she had experienced, and she felt the walls of her pussy stretch to
accommodate the invader.  He held himself there for a minute as he took in the
warmth of her body.  He described the surprising tightness of this 34 year old
to the spectators of his assault, and then he leaned forward and lay on top of
her, with his face touching hers.  His hands found her big, firm titties and
squeezed hard as he bucked his hips and began to fuck her.

Jenny winced at the feel of this foreign cock as he fucked her with long, slow
thrusts.  At first his technique was not too different from her husband's slow,
romantic love making, but after a few minutes he began to pick up the pace.  The
girl covering her mouth released her grip and Pedro again covered her mouth with
his own, and kissed her deeply.  He sucked her tongue into his mouth and chased
it with his as he stroked in and out of her.  His pace quickened to the point
that he was having trouble kissing her, so he began to suck and bite at her neck
and ear lobes.

"You're a stuck up, -ugh- think your shit don't stink, -ugh- white cunt." he
grunted into her ear as he forcefully pounded into her.  "We're gonna -ugh- fuck
you down a notch -ugh- or two.  We know your type, -ugh- you do-gooder piece
-ugh- of ass; think you're gonna -ugh- come in here -ugh- and save us?  Who's
gonna -ugh- save your sorry ass?"

The harsh words drove through mind as hard as his young dick was driving into
her cunt.

Finally, he rose up, supported himself with a firm grip on her tits, and
brutally fucked her, scrapping her body back and forth against the hard surface
of the desk.

"Don't cum in her, motherfucker!" one of the black boys commanded.  "I don't
want yo' jizz runnin' down my leg."

She thanked God for the one prayer He answered during this ordeal.  Although her
husband and she had been trying for years to get pregnant, he had a low sperm
count and they had so far been unsuccessful.  She kept faithful track of her
fertility cycle, and she was at her peak.  She didn't know what she would do, or
how her husband would react, if she became pregnant by a 17 year old Latino. 
Abortion was certainly out of the question.

Pedro told the boy closest to him to empty the glass of water sitting on the
corner of the desk, so he poured the water on the floor and handed the glass to
Pedro.  Pedro worked himself up to the point of cumming, then pulled out and
sprayed his seed into the glass.  About a half an inch of his cum covered the
bottom, but it would not be wasted.

"Look what you did."  The girl held Jenny's head up so she could see the cum in
the glass as Pedro swirled it around.  Jenny watched in despair as Pedro pulled
his pants up, moved out from between her legs and was replaced by the black boy.

Dahryl was only 15, and of average height and build for his age.  He quickly
pushed down his pants and boxers, and then fed his 6 inch cock into Jenny's
sopping cunt.  He had been with girls before, but never a mature, sophisticated
woman, and it didn't take long for the cum in his balls to bubble up to the top. 
Jenny had never considered herself racist, but watching this young, black boy
standing between her legs as she felt his dick pump in and out of her caused her
to feel extremely degraded.  She realized that she was nothing more than their
play toy, to be used however they wanted, and there was nothing she could do to
stop them.

Dahryl pulled out, added his cum to the glass and again swirled the mixture in
front of her.

"I'm next!" the girl who had been standing behind her yelled out.

It hadn't even occurred to Jenny that the girls would want to actively
participate in her rape.  She couldn't even imagine such a thing.  As her arms
were pulled outstretched by unseen hands, Cara, a tough, 14 year old Latino girl
with a slim build and budding breasts, took her place between the older woman's
legs.

"Look at her, she's beautiful." someone behind Jenny ordered.  "Watch and
learn."

Jenny watched wide-eyed as the lithe girl performed a slow striptease, gyrating
to some unheard samba as she slowly unbuttoned her shirt and removed it. 
Expertly, she reached back and unhooked her bra, then worked the straps gently
over her shoulders, and halfway down her arms.  Cara held the tiny A cups
against her chest as pulled the straps off, and then very slowly lowered them
and exposed her developing breasts to Jenny's view.  Her small tits were capped
with dark brown areolas and her nipples were fully erect.  Moistening her index
fingers with her mouth, she then rubbed them against her nipples.

"You goin' to enjoy 'dis." Cara informed her in a heavy, Mexican accent.  "I am
very good."

With that, the young girl slid her shorts and panties down her slender legs with
the same, tantalizing motions she had used with her shirt and bra.  Once naked,
she placed her small hands on the woman's inner thighs and pushed them further
apart.  Lowering her head, she positioned her mouth against her pubic mound and
kissed it.

Jenny was in shock, and could not bring herself to look away as the girl
extended her tongue and traced a line outward against her right thigh. 
Gathering more saliva, Cara retraced her path across the woman's mound and out
to her left thigh, where she planted her mouth and sucked hard while tracing
little circles with her tongue.  Again she worked her way back to Jenny's thin
bush, and moved ever so slowly down.  She let her tongue just brush the woman's
sensitive clit, but then went wide and licked the crease between her vulva and
right thigh.  Up and over, again just brushing her clit, and down the left side.

The teasing was having an effect on Jenny, and she felt herself becoming
aroused.  She hated the fact that her body was responding to this perversion,
but it was.  An electric shock went through her as the girl's mouth made direct
contact on her engorged clit, enclosing it with its warmth.  She shuddered as
the young girl expertly sucked on her bud, not too hard, and flicked the tip of
her tongue against it.  Moving down, Cara let her tongue dig a furrow through
Jenny's vulva, and then gently sucked her labia.  Jenny began to buck against
her.

She couldn't believe the pleasure this 14 year old girl was bringing her as her
hot breath blew against her excited pussy.  She felt overwhelming guilt as she
was filled with the desire to grab the girl's head and bury it in her wet
crotch.  She tried to control her rocking as this child licked and sucked at her
sex.  Her husband and she had never experimented with oral sex of any kind
because they felt it to be an abomination, but now she found herself wanting
nothing else.  She momentarily forgot about the other 19 kids watching as the
familiar thrill of orgasm began to overtake her.  She squeezed her eyes closed
as Cara rolled her tongue and fucked it in and out of her wet hole.  Her hands
clenched in fists as the first wave of orgasm swept over her.  Her whole body
shuddered, then Cara went back to work on her clit, bringing on a second climax
in a matter of minutes, this one lasting much longer.

As the third one approached, Cara worked her thumb into Jenny's grasping pussy
and covered it with her juices.  As she wiggled it around, she traced her tongue
around the tight bud of Jenny's asshole.  Jenny tried to protest, but her own
bodily desires kept her quiet.  The thumb sneaked its way out of her pussy, and
gently began to apply pressure against her ass.

"Please ... not ... there."  Jenny gasped.

"Trust me, you'll enjoy this," Cara replied in her heavy accent.

With a steady, light pressure, and with constant attention to Jenny's clit,
Cara's little thumb worked its way into the woman's virgin ass.  Once completely
engulfed, she held it still as she continued to work her lips and tongue around
the older woman's pussy.  As Jenny began to near her third orgasm, the young
girl began to work her thumb in and out of her, and as she was swept away, Cara
shoved her thumb in as deep and hard as it would go.

"Ooohhhhhhh..." the woman cried as her pussy and ass pulsed rhythmically.  Her
face and chest flushed a deep red and she broke out in a fine sweat as she
experienced the most intense orgasm of her life.  Her clit seemed to double in
size as it filled even fuller with blood and her asshole gripped the girl's
wriggling thumb like it never wanted to let go.  Jenny was floating on a cloud,
mindless of the situation she was in.  Her entire consciousness was focused in
her groin, and in the pleasure radiating through her.

"Now, is my turn." Cara said with a smile.

The young girl scrambled up on the desk, turned to face the classroom and
straddled Jenny's face with her bare pussy lips hovering just inches above her. 
The reality of the situation quickly returned.

Cara squatted down and slid her damp pussy across Jenny's nose and planted it in
on top of her lips.  Jenny desperately tried turning her head to avoid the
inevitable, but a pair of hands held her in position.  As Cara ground herself
against the poor woman's mouth, she looked back at her and commanded, "Get to
work, Cunt, you owe me."

"What are you waiting for, Bitch?  Get to it." she repeated impatiently.

The pleasure of a few moments ago had turned to immense guilt and regret as
Jenny gave up all hope of getting out of this predicament.  She reasoned that if
she cooperated, maybe it would all be over sooner.  The perversity of what she
knew she had to do nearly sickened her, but she tentatively extended her tongue
and tasted the musky flesh.

Drops of Cara's dew collected on Jenny's tongue as she gingerly passed it along
the outline of the young girl's pussy, not daring to venture in between the thin
lips.  She could taste the girl's musk distinctly on the tip of her tongue as it
filled her nostrils with the scent of sex.

Cara groped at Jenny's big tits as she began to gyrate over her mouth and
tongue, but Jenny's futile attempt to pleasure the girl was frustrating her. 
She responded by grinding herself harder against the woman's face, and began to
take out her frustration on her nipples.  She dug her nails into the firm buds,
causing Jenny to squirm under her, but Cara kept herself firmly planted on her
face.

"Use your tongue!" Cara demanded as she twisted and pinched.

The next guy in line decided to join in and worked his way into Jenny's cunt. 
He and Cara exchanged passionate kisses as they jointly assaulted her.

"Someone, give me some dick!" Cara called to the crowd of spectators.

One of the younger boys stepped up on the teacher's chair and Jenny watched in
dismay as his dick disappeared into the young girl's pussy, just inches above
her face.  She watched the way Cara's pussy lips clung to him as he fucked in
and out, as though they were trying to hold him in.  The spectacle distracted
her momentarily from the third dick to rape her as it clumsily banged away.  The
two boys settled into a rhythm and fucked in unison as Cara continued her
assault on Jenny's nipples.

Jenny watched in disgust as the boy's cock slipped all the way out of Cara, and
was trailed by a string of precum that stretched out from her pussy, sagged, and
then dropped against the bridge of her nose and forehead.  She was appalled
when, instead of returning to the girl's pussy, the boy gripped his cock with
his hand, and pressed it against the girl's tight asshole.  Surely he wouldn't
do that, she thought to herself.

"Fuck my ass.  Oh yeah, fuck my ass."  Cara demanded.

The boy obliged, and pushed his dick into her tiny ass.  Cara responded by
returning her pussy to Jenny's mouth.

"Stick your tongue up there," she commanded Jenny.

Jenny slowly complied, and noticed a definite sharpness in the taste, all the
while the boy's sack slapped against her forehead.

"Fuck me." Cara cried out as the boy fucking her ass picked up the pace.

The boy fucking Jenny picked up his pace as well as Cara lowered herself on top
of her, giving the boy in her ass better access.  Before long he began to slow
down.  Cara raised her hips up a bit, and the boy returned his dick to her
dripping pussy.  This time, the boy did not slow down, and as the young couple
began to climax, the boy fucking Jenny did too, pumping his sperm deep inside of
her.

Jenny's mind focused on the warm flood of semen filling her pussy, and began to
panic.  She wasn't given much time to think about it though, as the other boy
withdrew from Cara and the young girl returned to a squatting position just over
her.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue, Bitch." the boy demanded.

Jenny reluctantly obeyed, and as she did so, Cara reached down with her hand and
spread herself with two fingers.  Jenny watched in horror as a thick glob of
sperm clung to the girl's cunt, before falling directly into her mouth.

"Swallow it, you fucking whore." she was told.

She wanted desperately to spit it out, but the cum was too far down her throat. 
She gagged as she swallowed it down, bringing new tears to her eyes.  Two of
Cara's fingers were buried in her own cunt as she fished more of the vile liquid
out.  Another big glob splashed against Jenny's tongue and slid down her gullet. 
Resting on one knee, Cara turned part way around and put her fingers in Jenny's
mouth.

"Suck them clean." Cara ordered her.

Jenny again complied, and with tears streaming down the sides of her face, she
sucked the thick mixture of the young couple's cum from Cara's fingers.  She
barely noticed the lapping of another girl between her own legs, catching the
cum as it oozed from her pussy.

As Cara, spent and tired, climbed down off the desk, the older, heavy, black
girl slid up from between Jenny's legs and covered her mouth with her own. 
Jenny reluctantly opened her mouth for the girl, and a warm trickle of sperm,
retrieved from her own pussy, flooded in.  The black girl swirled her tongue
around the inside of Jenny's mouth, filling her senses with the taste and smell
of semen and her own juices.  It was all she could do to not throw up, but she
managed to hold it in, and eventually swallowed another load of cum.

It had been just over an hour and a half since Pedro locked the door, but to
Jenny it had been an eternity.  She spent the next hour and a half on her back
servicing the students, boys and girls, sometimes alone and sometimes in groups,
in a seemingly unending gang rape.  Sometimes the boys would pull out of her and
add their cum to the glass, and sometimes they would unload inside of her
fertile pussy, each time sending new waves of dread that she might become
pregnant.  Her body ached from the continuous exertion, her pussy was raw and
her face was coated with a sheen of dried cum, both male and female.  She was
exhausted.

As the lunch bell rang, the students formed a tight circle around their teacher
as she was pulled up into a sitting position, her ankles still tied to the desk. 
Her delicate, silk chemise was ripped into strips and used to tie her arms
behind her, at the elbows and wrists, jutting her big tits out even further than
normal.  Her panties were then pushed into the glass of cum, which she,
ironically, noticed was half full.  The panties dripped the thick, egg-white
like fluid across her chest and down through her cleavage as Cara lightly rolled
them up and fed them into Jenny's tired mouth.  Cara pushed on the woman's chin
to close her mouth around the cum soaked panties, which squeezed out in a thick
stream and ran down her throat.  She had to swallow hard several times to get it
all down.  Another student placed a strip of duct tape over her mouth as the
remaining cum in the glass was poured between her tits, where it ran down over
her belly, through her wispy pubic hair and pooled at the mouth of her cunt.

Jenny watched in total despair as the 20 young teens filed out, recounting their
exploits of her body, and not closing the door behind them.  Her shoulders were
cramping up from the unnatural position of her arms and she worried about who
might see her from outside.  She wanted desperately for someone to rescue her,
but was completely embarrassed by the position they would find her in.  Lost in
her thoughts, the defeated woman drifted into semi-consciousness.




Chapter 2 - Lunch

Mr. Harper, the school's principal, stepped quietly into the isolated, mobile
classroom occupied by Mrs. Jenny Mitchell, and locked the door.  The faint
clicking of the dead bolt being latched was enough to garner her attention and
bring her mind back into her naked, exposed body.

Unable to speak through the make-shift gag, Jenny squirmed at the edge of the
desk, trying to convey all that had happened to her through animated gestures. 
Mr. Harper, a 50 plus, balding, single man sporting an impressive pot belly,
watched in fascination as her full tits jiggled, and shook back and forth.

"Well, Mrs. Mitchell, how was your morning?  Were the students well behaved?" he
asked mockingly.  "You have to know what a treat it is for them to meet a woman
of your ... shall we say ... stature.  My, you are quite extraordinary."

As the implication of his words sunk in, Jenny's body went limp.  He was not
here to save her.

"We go to great lengths here, Mrs. Mitchell, to reward our students' good work."
he continued as he brushed the backs of his right hand fingers against the
underside of her full bosom.

SMACK!  His hand circled around and slapped against the side of her left tit. 
Reaching out, he squeezed her right breast between the fingers and thumb of his
left hand, applying enough pressure to cause her to wince.

"Our students are tested periodically against a state exam to determine if our
teaching methods are effective.  Unfortunately, our funds, including those for
your quote - unquote gifted students, are tied to those test results.  Equally
unfortunate, we discovered years ago that these, so called second chance
students, couldn't give a rat's ass." 

He squeezed and pressed his thumbs into both tits to emphasize his frustration.

"We have found that these hoodlums are motivated only by instant, physical
gratification, which in this case, happens to be you.  They performed especially
well, for second 'chancers' anyway, and were thus rewarded with you for the
day."

Jenny's heart sank as he continued.

"If you are to ever make it in this school district, you have to realize who's
in charge, and that, of course, are the students.  It's always for the students. 
Should you complain about the arrangements here, we can make things exceedingly
more difficult than getting laid and slapped around a bit by some high school
punks.  You are in the middle of gang-land here, and that opens you up to some
fairly nasty alternatives.  Make no mistake, we will get you, and you'll never
complain to anyone again."

Jenny listened intently.

"On the other hand, if you prove yourself a team player, we can get you into a
gifted classroom in say, 5 or 6 months.  You just have to make yourself, uh-hum,
available as a substitute.  There are only 4, second chance classrooms, and
they're only tested every other week.  Being new, you would be awarded to the
highest scoring class.  As the novelty wears off, we will have to recruit fresh
talent, and you would go to the second highest score.  So you can see how you
might move through the ranks fairly quickly, like your peers are doing.  The
gifted classrooms are truly gems, and well worth working for.  So, what do you
say?  Are you in?"

Jenny's husband had wanted to make the move to California for years, and would
be so disappointed to lose that.  Besides, she knew there would be no way she
could bear the shame and humiliation of recounting what had happened to her, and
it would definitely make the news.  What would her husband say?  Would he look
at her differently?  And then the real threat Mr. Harper had made couldn't be
ignored.  Already deprived of her decency and ashamed of what she knew she had
to do, Jenny nodded her head ever so slightly.

"Good. Good." Mr. Harper acknowledged as he slowly removed the tape covering her
mouth.

He gingerly gripped the sopping panties from her mouth and dropped them to the
floor.  Reaching his arm around her waist he helped her stand on her spread,
unsteady legs, still securely attached to the desk, and pulled her forward and
down to her knees.

Jenny's arms were still painfully bound behind her back, and at the angle her
legs were spread, the pressure on her knees added greatly to her discomfort. 
Mr. Harper bent down on one knee in front of her and forcefully inserted his
middle finger deep into her, and stroked the inside of her vagina. 

With his other hand maintaining a firm grip on her shoulder, he looked deep into
her eyes and said, "I just want to make sure we have an understanding.  Are you
on board?"

Jenny again nodded her head ever so slightly.

With that, Mr. Harper withdrew his finger, held it under his nose and took in
the musky smell.  He then pressed his fingertip to her lips and she obediently
responded by opening her mouth and sucked it in.  Mr. Harper then flicked his
wet finger over her nipple and massaged her full breasts.  As he stood up, he
unbuckled his belt, and pushed his pants down to his knees.  Fishing his
semi-rigid cock through the fly of his boxers, he placed his hand on the back of
her head and pushed her face toward his crotch.

So far that morning, Jenny had not been forced to suck a dick.  She had tasted
all the girls' pussies, and had swallowed plenty of cum, but the position they
had kept her in on the desk had not lent itself for her to suck cock.  In fact,
she had never even imagined having a dick in her mouth.  It was wrong, and did
not belong there.  It's not what God had intended.

"Mrs. Mitchell.  I am waiting."  Mr. Harper stated coldly as though he were
waiting for his morning reports.

Defeated and beyond resistance, Jenny opened her mouth and took in the nearly
flaccid member.  The rubbery texture of the head felt strange to her as it slid
across her tongue.  Instinctively, she covered her teeth with her lips and
gently sucked on Mr. Harper's dick.  Having learned how to use her tongue from
servicing the girls, she let it flit and swirl around, causing a low moan to
escape from the principal.

"That's nice, Mrs. Mitchell.  That's real nice." he muttered as his cock
expanded in her mouth.

Though not as big or rigid as most of the boys that fucked her earlier, his
growing cock was filling her mouth as he pressed on back of her head.  She tried
to pull away, but Mr. Harper just held her in place.  Shifting his position
directly in front of her, he held her by the shoulders and began to work his 5
inch prick in and out of her mouth, and part way into her throat.  As she
gagged, he leaned up and pushed his way all the way down, until his balls
touched her chin.  She gasped for air as he withdrew a bit, only to have his
dick fed back down her throat.

It didn't take too long for Mr. Harper to reach his climax, and as he began to
cum, he held his dick between his thumb and index finger while stilling holding
the back of Jenny's head with his other hand, letting his hot jizz spray onto
her tongue and down her throat.  She continued to swallow the sticky substance
in her mouth as he withdrew himself, pulled his pants up and tucked in his
shirt.

"Very good, Mrs. Mitchell." he stated matter-of-factly as though reviewing her
daily planner.  "The kids will be back from lunch momentarily, and they tend to
get just a bit boisterous in the afternoon."

Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved a small bottle of what looked like
aspirin.  Refilling the glass with water, he pressed a tablet into her mouth and
lifted the glass to her lips.  Jenny could see remnants of cum floating in the
water as she drank and washed the tablet of Ecstasy down.  She was grateful to
be able to rinse her mouth, and was appreciative for what she thought was
aspirin.

"Have a pleasant day, Mrs. Mitchell.  I'll go ahead and sign you out this
afternoon, but you'll need to do that yourself in the future.  We'll call you
next week to schedule your next assignment.  You're going to do just fine, Mrs.
Mitchell, just fine."

Brushing the front of his pants as he walked out the door, Mr. Harper headed
back to his office with a renewed bounce in his step.

"Good afternoon, students." he greeted the class as they passed him in the lot.




Chapter 3 - Afternoon

"Please stop this!" Jenny again pleaded as the 20 teenagers returned to their
classroom and locked the door.  "Haven't you had enough?  This is so wrong."

"Shit, Lady, this mornin' was jest a warm up." someone said in their Mexican
accent.

"Yeah, just something to take the edge off." added another.

"You do look nice down there, on your knees." Pedro chimed in.  "As long as
you're down there, I've got something for you to take care of."

Pedro again took the lead at the front of the pack, and offered his swollen cock
to the helpless teacher.  Again, she opened her mouth and sucked.  As she
serviced Pedro, some of the other boys released their cocks and began
masturbating around her.  Some of the girls got on their knees and sucked along
with her in an orgy of fellatio.  One of the girls lifted the front of her
skirt, pushed her panties to the side and rubbed her clit furiously.

Pedro came in short order and his dick was quickly replaced.  One after another,
cock after cock was fed to her, each with another load of cum for her to
swallow.  She began to feel light headed as the Ecstasy began to take effect;
the stimulant making her feel all jittery and even more tense.  But, she began
to understand the closeness and bonds this group had formed, and how they were
now using their intimacy to ravish her, like a pack of wolves devouring its
prey.  Satiated for the moment, the group looked at her, as though trying to
decide what to do with her next.

"Untie her arms." Pedro ordered.

Quickly, one of the girls moved behind Jenny and removed the strips of cloth
binding her arms together.  Jenny slowly rotated her shoulders and winced at the
pain, as strings of cum dripped from her chin and ran down her chest.

"Put your hands behind your head and lock your fingers together." Pedro told her
in a cold, stern voice.

As she moved her hands into position, she noticed that the large, black girl was
striking a wooden pointer, about three feet long and a half inch thick, against
her hand.  The teacher's skin had become hot and clammy, and now goose bumps
broke to the surface in waves as she followed the rod's movement through the air
and heard the smack against the girl's hand.

"W-w-what are you going to do with that?" she stammered.

Tanisha responded with a smirk, and motioned for one of the boys to stand her
up.

"Keep yo' hands behine yo' head.  Evey time they move is a stripe on yo'
snatch!" she informed Jenny.

Jenny started to tremble as the big girl moved up and stood beside her.  The
whoosh of the rod as it ripped through the air barely had time to register
before the searing pain from her right breast reached her brain.

"Oooohhhh God, Noooo ...." Jenny screamed, as a bright, red welt rose up in a
diagonal line, cutting just under her nipple.  Her hands spontaneously moved to
protect her delicate flesh.

"There's one for yo' pussy!" Tanisha said dryly.

"You can't do this!" Jenny cried.

CRACK!  The rod landed hard across Jenny's upper chest.

"Ya betta get yo' hands back up, Bitch.  I ain't fuckin' witch ya'"

"Oh my god." Jenny muttered as she repositioned her hands behind her head.

Whoosh - Thwack.  The rod cut another line just above the same nipple.  It was
all she could do to keep her fingers locked.

Whoosh - Thwack.  A direct hit on the left nipple caused Jenny's knees to buckle
and as she fell back against the desk, her hands moved to catch herself.

"That's two!" Tanisha teased.

As her hands slowly resumed their position, the fourth blow landed on the
underside of her right tit, and before she could catch her breath, a matching
stripe was placed on the left.  Jenny's hands splayed out and Tanisha called
out, "Three".

By now, the teacher's tits were on fire, and each additional blow just added
coals to the flame.  With all the will power she could muster, she managed to
keep her fingers together for the remaining six stripes applied to her tits,
covering them with five angry welts each.  She didn't even notice as her ankles
were freed for the first time in over four hours.  Her hands remained behind her
head as she was turned to the side of the desk and laid back.  Her feet were
placed on the desk's edge, her knees up and held apart by two of the girls; her
pussy was displayed vulgarly.  Two of the boys held her shoulders down.

"Now dis is gonna hurt!" Tanisha told Jenny.  "A lot!"

The rod streaked down and landed solidly against the left side of her vulva,
instantly causing it to flash red and double in size.  As Jenny shuddered in a
futile effort to move out of the way, the second blow caught the right side,
creating a match.  With her victim nearly blacking out, Tanisha motioned at
Cara, and the nimble girl went to work on Jenny's clit.  Her expert attention
quickly engorged the sensitive bud and created a momentary distraction to
Jenny's torment.  The young girl caressed her wounds with her tender lips until
she calmed down enough to lie still.

Whoosh - Thwack.  The rod found its mark directly on the extended, exposed
clitoris and the delicate inner lips of her abused pussy.  Jenny passed out
cold.

While unconscious, the students bent Jenny's limp body over the back of the
teacher's chair, on her stomach, and laid her across the desk facing the class. 
Earlier, one of the students had emptied the drawer of its contents, and filled
it with an entire pack of the old fashioned type of thumbtacks, the kind with
flat, metal tops, being sure to stand them upright.  As they moved their teacher
into place, they let her tits fall into the open drawer and closed it tightly
against them, and held it place with duct tape.  Her legs were secured against
the back legs of the chair, and her wrists were tied with long cords to the
front legs of the desk.  Her ass was presented invitingly; her leg muscles
stretched taut.

As Jenny's body began to recover from the brutal attack on her tits and pussy,
her eyes slowly opened.  Nineteen pair of eyes stared into them from a tight
semi-circle directly in front of her as the students leaned back against their
desks.  Some of them were fully dressed, some were nude, and some were in
between.  Several of the boys, and a couple of the girls were actively
masturbating, and one girl was straddling a guys lap, facing Jenny, as she rode
up and down his cock.

Jenny's mind gradually became aware of the sharp points pressing against her
already battered tits along with the pressure of the drawer squeezing into them,
and the tightness in the backs of her legs.  As she squirmed to relieve the
stiffness in her legs, the thumbtacks would poke into her tender flesh, which
would cause her to squirm into a new position only to be met with more of the
sharp points.  The students watched intently.

The dreaded "Whoosh" grabbed her attention just before the rod bit into the taut
flesh of her upper legs.  Thwack!  Jenny's entire body went rigid as white-hot
pain seared through her legs and into her lower back.  Her mouth tried to
scream, but no sound would come out.  As she desperately struggled to remove
herself from this torment, the thumbtacks were driven deep into her tits.  The
more she moved, the deeper they went, pricking at sensitive nerves.

Whoosh - Thwack.  Whoosh - Thwack.  Whoosh - Thwack.  Whoosh - Thwack.

Five bright red stripes, edged with deep purples and greens, stood out in stark
contrast against the background of white skin covering the backs of her legs,
made even paler by the distressed state Jenny's body was in.  Several of the
tacks had buried themselves to the head in each of her tits, and each movement
of her upper body, even just to draw a breath, added to her suffering.  Her hair
was plastered to her head and face, dripping with sweat, and her back glistened
under the florescent lights.

Tanisha was cruel sadist, and especially enjoyed the spasms and the pitiful
attempts Jenny was making as she tried unsuccessfully to alleviate even a bit of
the pain consuming her.  The young girl was without passion.  Instead, she was
filled with glee and excitement as she traded the rod for a wooden paddle.

SMACK!  A ripple could clearly be seen coursing across the fullness of Jenny's
right ass cheek.  SMACK!  She gasped in renewed horror as another ripped across
the left.

SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!

Sometimes alternating cheeks, sometimes twice on the same one, and a couple of
shots that bridged across both; ten hard whacks turned her ass a glowing, cherry
red.  The students watched in fascination as her face contorted and twisted in
response to the severe spanking, with each hit driving her tits harder against
the thumbtacks in the drawer.  They wondered how many had managed to lodge
themselves in, and were even taking a pool.

"I say six."  "I got ten!"  "Twelve."  The wagers were placed.

As the last hour of the school day approached, Pedro made his way behind the
teacher's desk, and positioned himself against Jenny's burning ass.  He dropped
his pants, and then scrapped his nails along the searing stripes crossing her
legs.  After coating his throbbing cock with lube, he grabbed the hot globes of
her ass and spread them apart, exposing the delicate bud of her anus.  With the
head of his dick against the tight opening, he steadily applied pressure until
its resistance finally failed.

Jenny's humiliation reached a new, disgusting height as this was the most foul,
perverted act she could imagine.  The thought of sodomy to her was so immoral
that it was surpassed only by murder itself.  As her mind revolted against the
deed, she forgot about her pain for the briefest of moments.  As the big cock
stretched her asshole wide, a new wave of stabbing pain shot through her nervous
system, to merge and mingle with the pain shooting through her breasts as they
plowed through the tacks in the drawer with each thrust of his cock, and with
the burning still radiating from her legs and ass cheeks.

Pedro pounded his cock into her ass like a madman, occasionally slowing his pace
enough to slap his hand against her hips and the sides of her legs, adding red
hand prints to her other markings.  He jabbed into her deeply as he pumped his
load far up into her bowels.

He pulled out roughly, picked her crumpled dress up from the floor and proceeded
to clean himself with it.

"What a fuckin' cunt." he said to her as he threw the dress back to the floor
and pulled his pants up.

The remaining 13 boys each took another turn with the defeated woman; some in
her ass, and some in her battered pussy, each cleaning themselves with her
dress.  She thought for sure her pussy and ass had been ripped to shreds judging
from the pain each additional dick had been able to extract from them.  Her tits
throbbed as the tacks scraped across the lashes from the rod, and penetrated
deep into the internal tissues. Her mind and heart raced, torn between the
terrifying knowledge of the brutal gang rape she was enduring, and the erotic
effects of the Ecstasy as it peaked in her bloodstream.  She was at her
physical, mental and emotional limits.

At long last, there was just one teen in line; her darling little Cara.

"Well, Teach, eats jest me and you."  Cara mewed sensually.

Jenny was actually looking forward to the soothing touch of Cara's soft lips
against her aching flesh, but it was not to be.  The tape was removed from the
drawer imprisoning the woman's tortured tits, but as the flow of blood returned,
the pain amplified with it.  Jenny's hands were freed and she was pulled
upright.

"Sixteen, motherfucker!" the winner of the pool declared as the tacks sunk into
her tits were counted.

Seven thumbtacks were completely pressed into her right breast, and nine were in
her left.  Many small scratches had drawn blood, and the marks of the rod were
still clearly visible.

"Cup your tits in your hands." Cara instructed Jenny.  "We wouldn't want you
getting infected."

Jenny complied and held her large breasts up in her hands.  One of the boys
tilted the bottle of rubbing alcohol and quickly dowsed them.  Jenny shook and
shuddered as the stinging liquid dug its way into her wounds, and the boy slowly
removed each of the tacks.  Small rivulets of blood mingled with the clear
liquid and ran down her stomach.

"You'll be fine in a day or two." he told her, as he intently watched the
jiggling flesh dance to her shaking.

Cara pushed on Jenny's back, forcing her back down.  Her hands were pulled out
from under her, but left untied.

"Now that you're all loose and wet, you can meet big John."  Cara told her,
mockingly.

Jenny couldn't see that Cara had donned a huge strap-on hard plastic dildo that
had been sanded with rough grit sandpaper.  It was nine inches long and a full
three inches across.  As she pressed the massive head against the woman's
swollen pussy, Cara reached under her and latched onto Jenny's tits for
leverage.  Slowly, inch by inch, the enormous plastic dick plowed its way into
her, aided by the many deposits of cum, until it bumped into her cervix.  Her
labia had been pulled inside by the immense intruder and were scoured even more
raw by the rough plastic as it scraped over them.  Jenny was seeing stars, and
was on the verge of collapse as the giant member was dragged back out.  Cara
slowly fucked the despondent woman's tortured pussy for a good five minutes
before finally withdrawing.

"You're almost done."  Cara said in a soft voice.

Cara removed the dildo she was wearing and placed her left hand on the small of
Jenny's back.  Balling up her relatively small hand into a fist, she pressed her
knuckles against the woman's gapping hole.

"Here we go." she said as she rubbed her fist against Jenny's wet pussy.

Jenny's cunt had gone nearly numb from the extreme abuse it had endured, and
offered little resistance as the girl's fist began to penetrate.  Her pussy lips
stretched to the brink of tearing as the widest part of Cara's hand squeezed
into her vagina.  Once past the entrance, it seemed to suck the girl in as she
buried her hand in up to her forearm.  Cara worked her hand in and out of the
poor woman's cunt as she massaged her swollen clit with the other.  Working her
hands in time, Cara was able to build Jenny up, once again, to another forceful
orgasm.  Jenny felt completely corrupted as her body convulsed and pulsated. 
Pleasure blended with mind numbing pain as wave after wave overtook her.

"Oh, GOD, what have I done to deserve this?" Jenny cried out to the cheering
crowd.




Chapter 4 - Epilog

As the students left for the day, Jenny could hear them commenting about her
body, and what they had done to it, as though she weren't there.  To them, she
was just another play toy, to be used as they wished; a token reward for
improving their test scores.  Her body ached at the slightest provocation as she
clumsily untied her ankles from the chair legs, and her mind continually
replayed the events of the day.  Sitting to undo the knots in the pantyhose
which secured her, her ass felt as though she were sitting on hot coals.  The
pinpricks in her breasts stung maddeningly as the heavy orbs swung in rhythm to
her movements, and deep bruises were rising to the surface.

Jenny placed her soiled and torn panties and the remnants of her hose into her
purse, not wishing to have them discovered and perhaps displayed by one of the
students or janitorial staff.  Her once beautiful chemise had been reduced to
just so many strips of fabric, so she buried them in the bottom of the trash
can.  Her bra was no where to be found and must have been kept by one of the
students as a trophy.  Her burgundy dress was wrinkled and showed obvious stains
from where it had absorbed the cum from the many dicks it had served to clean. 
She saw it as a reflection of her own body.

She arrived home several hours before her husband, and as she soaked her tired
body in a warm bath, reflected on her options.  She was truly afraid of the
consequences she would face if she were to report it and it would surely mean
having to relocate, something she just couldn't ask of her husband.  And what if
no one believed her?  Anymore, it seemed as though the courts and the press were
more inclined to side with the accused, and who would imagine that an entire
classroom, with the principal's knowledge, was in on the gang rape of a teacher? 
Preposterous!  And what if Mr. Harper followed up on his threat to make her
disappear?  She shuddered at the thought as the warm water and fragrant bubbles
absorbed her fears and pain.

Over the following days, her bruises began to fade, and masking the pain of
moving from her husband was becoming easier.  With his new position, he was
rather distracted and didn't really notice her subtle mannerisms.  On the third
night after the rape, as he spooned into position behind her, she responded as
naturally as she could to his caresses and subsequent lovemaking, even though
her breasts, and especially her labia, were still very sore.

Halfway through the second week, she received a call from the school board
informing her of her next assignment at the high school for that Friday.  She
accepted, and as she hung up the phone, she was filled with trepidation as the
vivid memories began to replay themselves in astonishing detail.  She thought
about the fact that she was one week late starting her period.  She was never
late!  Maybe God really does work in mysterious ways.


................................................................................

Comments and feedback can be sent to bemydom@hotmail.com










Prolog

Friday morning had come all too quickly for Jenny as she studied her firm breasts in the mirror.&nbsp; The puncture marks had faded nearly completely, and wouldn�t be noticeable at all if you didn�t know where to look.&nbsp; Slowly, she ran her hands down her chest and over the full, round orbs as she recalled the brutal lashings they had endured just two short weeks ago.&nbsp; She could still feel the bruising deep inside.

As she lifted one leg and stepped into her white lace panties, she painfully remembered the way her labia had been beaten, and then stretched to their limits by the young girl�s fist, and wondered if she would have the strength to endure a similar ordeal today.&nbsp; Maybe the students would be satisfied with just having sex with her; she knew she was kidding herself as she finished dressing.&nbsp; The surreal events of two weeks ago still haunted her day and night, and she was constantly afraid her husband was going to find out.&nbsp; So far she had been able to dismiss his suspicions that something was wrong, but the taste of the many boys� cocks and cum seemed to linger on her breath and she feared her husband would be able to smell it on her.

As she unconsciously backed out of the driveway, Jenny watched the scene play itself out once again, in her mind, as she was gang raped by a classroom of teenagers�


Chapter 1 - Morning

Jenny was anxious as she wrote her name, Mrs. Mitchell, on the blackboard.&nbsp; She had taught gifted elementary children in a satellite school in upstate New York for 10 years until her husband was transferred to Los Angeles.&nbsp; As a corporate attorney, he had always provided her with the finer things in life, so when his company asked him to take over the legal department for the Los Angeles division, she was supportive and confident she would find a comparable position in the Los Angeles school district.

The way it was explained to her, the gifted program and the special needs program had been combined into a joint initiative called PACE � Parent and Child Excellence.&nbsp; It had been formed as part of the �No Child Left Behind� initiative to address the needs of the children not served by the general school system.&nbsp; Since she had relocated in the middle of the school year, she would have to serve as a substitute teacher for a period of time.&nbsp; She didn�t mind though because it would give her an opportunity to meet the school board, and get into a suitable location.

Today, however, she would be subbing for a ninth grade class for second chance students.&nbsp; These were the students who struggled to keep up, and out of trouble.&nbsp; The school was located in an impoverished, predominantly Latin American community and her students would be mostly Latino, some blacks, and a few white children.&nbsp; She figured this would also give her a chance to reach out to them with the message of Christ, since she had strong religious convictions and usually spent the summers teaching Bible school at her church.

As she wrote her name, her flowing, deep burgundy knee length dress waved gracefully around her shapely legs.&nbsp; She was fairly tall at 5 feet 7 inches, and weighed about 135 pounds.&nbsp; Although she was 34 years old, she worked out at the gym with a Christian women�s group twice a week, and was pretty well toned.&nbsp; The dress covered her full, 38-26-37 inch figure modestly, not quite revealing her curves.&nbsp; She had developed rather young, and had always been somewhat self conscious about her figure and the attention it drew, so she normally wore dresses to minimize her shape.&nbsp; She was definitely a woman of taste and means, and wore fine clothes of high quality, right down to her fashionable 3 inch high heals, which accentuated her calf muscles as she reached up to the top of the board.&nbsp; Her blond hair was cut just above her shoulders, and had natural, loose curls.&nbsp; Her eyes were a deep, beautiful blue and her face was squared off, with a firm jaw and high cheek bones.
 
The classroom she had been assigned to this morning was actually a mobile classroom situated on the far side of the campus, somewhat away from the main building, in a row along with several others separated by about 30 feet between them.&nbsp; Being somewhat of a walk from the main building, she didn�t think it odd that the students hadn�t shown up by the time the bell rang, and she was grateful for the extra few minutes she had to freshen up and prepare herself for the challenge of the day.&nbsp; Being in a new environment caused her to be somewhat apprehensive, but she mentally calmed her nerves and stood patiently by her desk.

Before too long, she began to hear the commotion of 14 and 15 year old kids as they made their way across the open lot to the classroom.&nbsp; She moved to the door to greet them as they came in and was startled by the leering stares that met her.&nbsp; She noticed that some of the boys were as big as grown men, complete with facial hair, and watched their eyes as they looked up and down her body, nodding in approval.

�Please take a seat.� she offered as they milled past, lingering close to her.

As the 14 boys and 6 girls found their seats, they passed knowing glances to each other and seemed to be rather excited.&nbsp; She just assumed it was the fact that she was a new substitute, and a rather attractive white woman at that.&nbsp; After all, boys will be boys.

�Good morning.� she said, in her upbeat tone.&nbsp; �I am looking forward to getting to know each of you, and I am sure we�re going to have a wonderful time today.�

�You got that right, Bitch!� one of the boys replied.

�Excuse me?� Jenny asked puzzled.&nbsp; Did she really hear what she thought she heard?
&nbsp; 
The boy stood up as he repeated his remark.&nbsp; �You got that right, Bitch!&nbsp; We�re gonna get to know each other REAL good, and it�s gonna be a real fine, fuckin� day.�

Jenny was in shock, but tried to maintain her composure.&nbsp; She hadn�t been instructed as to what she should do in a situation like this, and wasn�t sure what action to take.&nbsp; She did know that she needed to get control of the situation immediately.

�Young man, what is your name?� she demanded.

�Pedro.� he smirked as the other students began to laugh and exchange comments with each other, mostly in Spanish.

�I must ask you to report to the principle�s office; right now!� she demanded with a shaky voice, as she pointed to the door.

Pedro got up slowly and began moving toward the door.&nbsp; When he got there, he pushed it shut and turned a deadbolt Jenny had not noticed being there.&nbsp; She new she was in trouble as he stepped up right in front of her, blocking her way to the exit.&nbsp; He stood several inches taller than her, and appeared to be muscular, especially for a ninth grader.&nbsp; She didn�t know he had been held back a couple of years, and was actually 17 years old.&nbsp; At 5 feet 10 inches and 165 pounds, he was more than a match for her.

Filled with shock and fear, Jenny was unable to respond as he grabbed the hair on the back of her head in his hand and pulled her toward him.&nbsp; She pounded her fists into his shoulders as he covered her mouth with his, and as she tried to scream out, his tongue forced its way into her.&nbsp; He pulled her tightly against himself, working his knee between her legs as he kissed her forcefully.&nbsp; Her protests were muffled by his mouth and the jeering of the other students who, instead of helping her, seemed to be cheering him on.&nbsp; She struggled to push him away as his free hand grabbed at her ass and pulled her crotch tightly against his upper leg.

�Get her Pedro!� one the girls shouted, laughing.&nbsp; �Show this white bitch why she�s here.�

�Get her Pedro.� several of other the other students chimed in, as they began to gather around the two.

�What are you doing?� Jenny pleaded as he pulled his mouth away from hers.&nbsp; �Please.&nbsp; Please don�t do this.�&nbsp; Tears were streaming down the frightened woman�s face.

�Are you crazy?�&nbsp; Pedro looked at her with a lust she had never seen before.&nbsp; �You are too fine.&nbsp; We wouldn�t pass on you for a million fucking dollars!�

As the �we� part of his response began to sink in, Jenny�s legs buckled and she found herself collapsing into Pedro�s arms.&nbsp; He maneuvered her toward the desk, and sat her on the front edge of it.&nbsp; As he stood in front of her and held her arms against her sides, two of the smaller boys moved quickly to the front of the desk, pulled her ankles apart and held them in front of&nbsp; the desk legs, about 3 feet apart.&nbsp; One of the girls moved behind her, unzipped her lovely dress down to the small of her back and pushed it over her shoulders and down, revealing a delicate, white chemise.

Jenny�s head bobbed and weaved as she fought to deal with the situation that was unfolding.&nbsp; She had no defense mechanism in place to cope with the assault that was happening to her, and she seemed to be moving and thinking in slow motion.&nbsp; Her energy was sapped away, and she realized she was hyper-ventilating.&nbsp; Her arms were raised above her head as the chemise was pulled up and off, exposing a lacy, demi bra.&nbsp; The sight of her full breasts barely contained in the white fabric stopped the students in their tracks as they took in the long line of cleavage.

�God damn!� one of the boys exclaimed in a low, guttural voice.&nbsp; �This bitch got some fine titties.� he continued as he traced his finger down through the crack.

Her tits were full and bulged above the top of the D cups that held them up.&nbsp; A collective sigh emerged as the bra was unhooked and removed.&nbsp; Though they hung down a bit, her breasts stood firm and proud on her chest.&nbsp; Her nipples were proportionately large, and stood erect from the adrenaline surging through her.&nbsp; Her areolas were a light brown, and faded at the edges into the milky white flesh of her breasts.&nbsp; She was truly voluptuous.

Jenny�s face and chest flushed a bright red as she felt the many eyes staring at her naked breasts.&nbsp; She tried to stand and reach her hands up to cover herself, but was met with a powerful blow to her stomach from Pedro�s fist.&nbsp; Coughing and trying desperately to draw in a breath, she felt her entire body grow limp as she began to see stars.&nbsp; Falling back against the girl behind her, she felt Pedro hike her dress up over her shapely ass and bunch it up around her waist.

�Let�s see the rest of the package.� Pedro said excitedly as he pulled her hose down to her thighs.&nbsp; Her white French cut panties drew another round of jeers and whistles.&nbsp; Reaching into his pocket, Pedro produced a butterfly knife and flicked it open.&nbsp; Starting at the crotch, he pulled the sharp blade through the thin material of the panty hose, separated the halves and slid them down around her ankles.&nbsp; The boys quickly tied them to the desk legs to secure her.&nbsp; Slipping the knife blade under the waist band above each hip, he separated the front from the back of her panties, slowly lowered the front half down and let it hang over the edge of the desk, exposing her soft, light tan pubic mound to the lust filled students.&nbsp; The hair was thin and wispy and her vulva clearly visible.&nbsp; The girl standing behind the helpless woman held her head up so that she faced the crowd of kids staring at her uncovered pussy.&nbsp; She looked at them in desperation, hoping to find at least one who would stop this madness, but all eyes were fixated between her legs.&nbsp; She tried kicking against the nylon restraints around her ankles in a desperate attempt to free herself, but to no avail.&nbsp; She was completely at the mercy of these kids.

�Oh my God, she�s a true blonde!� she heard someone say.

Other than her husband and her doctor, no one had ever seen her naked.&nbsp; Utterly humiliated to be so exposed and vulnerable in front of a classroom of young teen-agers, she begged them to stop.

�Please!&nbsp; Let me go.�&nbsp; Her cries fell on deaf ears.

In fact, instead of letting her go, many hands began to grope her huge tits.&nbsp; Her shoulders were pushed down against the desk as Pedro pulled her hips forward, positioning her so that the small of her back was just at the edge.&nbsp; Standing between her legs, he undid his pants and let them fall to the floor.&nbsp; He wasn�t wearing underwear.&nbsp; The realization that she was about to be raped in front of a class of students sent her mind in a frenzy.&nbsp; What was she going to do?&nbsp; How could she stop this?&nbsp; A hand was placed over her mouth and she began to cry out as she felt a wet finger push its way inside of her.&nbsp; �This can�t be happening.� she told herself as it worked its way in to the knuckle.&nbsp; But it was happening, and she felt Pedro twist his finger around inside of her, lubricating her.&nbsp; He used his thumb on her clitoris, which happened to be rather large and extremely sensitive, another of her body�s features she tried to minimize.&nbsp; She was extremely self conscious of her vagina, and always insisted that the lights remained off during lovemaking with her husband.&nbsp; He didn�t seem to mind though, and was awarded with a very orgasmic wife.

Involuntarily and against her concentrated efforts, her body betrayed her and began to respond with its own lubrication.&nbsp; Shame overwhelmed her as she felt her own moisture aid the probing digit, now joined by a second, as they began to pump in and out of her.

�Check this shit out,� Pedro exclaimed as he withdrew his wet fingers and displayed them for all to see.&nbsp; Jenny�s shame was immeasurable.&nbsp; Stepping back, the boy spread her labia with his thumbs and showed her glistening pussy to the crowd.&nbsp; One of the girls actually reached in and ran her index finger along the opening, pressed her moistened finger to her lips and licked.

�Sweet as honey.� she declared.&nbsp; Being very modest, Jenny nearly fainted from embarrassment.

Pedro�s 7 inch cock was pulsing with each heartbeat as he removed his shirt and repositioned himself between her legs.&nbsp; Using his thumb and index finger, he rubbed the head of his cock up and down her moist slit, covering it with her juices, and then he lined himself up with the entrance to her pussy and pushed himself halfway in.&nbsp; Jenny cried into the hand covering her mouth as she struggled to keep the boy�s penis from penetrating her any further.&nbsp; Her pussy gripped him tightly as he pulled himself nearly all the way out, and then sank his cock completely into her.&nbsp; He was larger than her husband, the only other cock she had experienced, and she felt the walls of her pussy stretch to accommodate the invader.&nbsp; He held himself there for a minute as he took in the warmth of her body.&nbsp; He described the surprising tightness of this 34 year old to the spectators of his assault, and then he leaned forward and lay on top of her, with his face touching hers.&nbsp; His hands found her big, firm titties and squeezed hard as he bucked his hips and began to fuck her.

Jenny winced at the feel of this foreign cock as he fucked her with long, slow thrusts.&nbsp; At first his technique was not too different from her husband�s slow, romantic love making, but after a few minutes he began to pick up the pace.&nbsp; The girl covering her mouth released her grip and Pedro again covered her mouth with his own, and kissed her deeply.&nbsp; He sucked her tongue into his mouth and chased it with his as he stroked in and out of her.&nbsp; His pace quickened to the point that he was having trouble kissing her, so he began to suck and bite at her neck and ear lobes.

�You�re a stuck up, -ugh- think your shit don�t stink, -ugh- white cunt.� he grunted into her ear as he forcefully pounded into her.&nbsp; �We�re gonna -ugh- fuck you down a notch -ugh- or two.&nbsp; We know your type, -ugh- you do-gooder piece �ugh- of ass; think you�re gonna -ugh- come in here -ugh- and save us?&nbsp; Who�s gonna -ugh- save your sorry ass?�

The harsh words drove through mind as hard as his young dick was driving into her cunt. 

Finally, he rose up, supported himself with a firm grip on her tits, and brutally fucked her, scrapping her body back and forth against the hard surface of the desk.

�Don�t cum in her, motherfucker!� one of the black boys commanded.&nbsp; �I don�t want yo� jizz runnin� down my leg.�

She thanked God for the one prayer He answered during this ordeal.&nbsp; Although her husband and she had been trying for years to get pregnant, he had a low sperm count and they had so far been unsuccessful.&nbsp; She kept faithful track of her fertility cycle, and she was at her peak.&nbsp; She didn�t know what she would do, or how her husband would react, if she became pregnant by a 17 year old Latino.&nbsp; Abortion was certainly out of the question.

Pedro told the boy closest to him to empty the glass of water sitting on the corner of the desk, so he poured the water on the floor and handed the glass to Pedro.&nbsp; Pedro worked himself up to the point of cumming, then pulled out and sprayed his seed into the glass.&nbsp; About a half an inch of his cum covered the bottom, but it would not be wasted.

�Look what you did.�&nbsp; The girl held Jenny�s head up so she could see the cum in the glass as Pedro swirled it around.&nbsp; Jenny watched in despair as Pedro pulled his pants up, moved out from between her legs and was replaced by the black boy.

Dahryl was only 15, and of average height and build for his age.&nbsp; He quickly pushed down his pants and boxers, and then fed his 6 inch cock into Jenny�s sopping cunt.&nbsp; He had been with girls before, but never a mature, sophisticated woman, and it didn�t take long for the cum in his balls to bubble up to the top.&nbsp; Jenny had never considered herself racist, but watching this young, black boy standing between her legs as she felt his dick pump in and out of her caused her to feel extremely degraded.&nbsp; She realized that she was nothing more than their play toy, to be used however they wanted, and there was nothing she could do to stop them.

Dahryl pulled out, added his cum to the glass and again swirled the mixture in front of her.

�I�m next!� the girl who had been standing behind her yelled out.

It hadn�t even occurred to Jenny that the girls would want to actively participate in her rape.&nbsp; She couldn�t even imagine such a thing.&nbsp; As her arms were pulled outstretched by unseen hands, Cara, a tough, 14 year old Latino girl with a slim build and budding breasts, took her place between the older woman�s legs.

�Look at her, she�s beautiful.� someone behind Jenny ordered.&nbsp; �Watch and learn.�

Jenny watched wide-eyed as the lithe girl performed a slow striptease, gyrating to some unheard samba as she slowly unbuttoned her shirt and removed it.&nbsp; Expertly, she reached back and unhooked her bra, then worked the straps gently over her shoulders, and halfway down her arms.&nbsp; Cara held the tiny A cups against her chest as pulled the straps off, and then very slowly lowered them and exposed her developing breasts to Jenny�s view.&nbsp; Her small tits were capped with dark brown areolas and her nipples were fully erect.&nbsp; Moistening her index fingers with her mouth, she then rubbed them against her nipples.

�You goin� to enjoy �dis.� Cara informed her in a heavy, Mexican accent.&nbsp; �I am very good.�

With that, the young girl slid her shorts and panties down her slender legs with the same, tantalizing motions she had used with her shirt and bra.&nbsp; Once naked, she placed her small hands on the woman�s inner thighs and pushed them further apart.&nbsp; Lowering her head, she positioned her mouth against her pubic mound and kissed it.

Jenny was in shock, and could not bring herself to look away as the girl extended her tongue and traced a line outward against her right thigh.&nbsp; Gathering more saliva, Cara retraced her path across the woman�s mound and out to her left thigh, where she planted her mouth and sucked hard while tracing little circles with her tongue.&nbsp; Again she worked her way back to Jenny�s thin bush, and moved ever so slowly down.&nbsp; She let her tongue just brush the woman�s sensitive clit, but then went wide and licked the crease between her vulva and right thigh.&nbsp; Up and over, again just brushing her clit, and down the left side.

The teasing was having an effect on Jenny, and she felt herself becoming aroused.&nbsp; She hated the fact that her body was responding to this perversion, but it was.&nbsp; An electric shock went through her as the girl�s mouth made direct contact on her engorged clit, enclosing it with its warmth.&nbsp; She shuddered as the young girl expertly sucked on her bud, not too hard, and flicked the tip of her tongue against it.&nbsp; Moving down, Cara let her tongue dig a furrow through Jenny�s vulva, and then gently sucked her labia.&nbsp; Jenny began to buck against her.

She couldn�t believe the pleasure this 14 year old girl was bringing her as her hot breath blew against her excited pussy.&nbsp; She felt overwhelming guilt as she was filled with the desire to grab the girl�s head and bury it in her wet crotch.&nbsp; She tried to control her rocking as this child licked and sucked at her sex.&nbsp; Her husband and she had never experimented with oral sex of any kind because they felt it to be an abomination, but now she found herself wanting nothing else.&nbsp; She momentarily forgot about the other 19 kids watching as the familiar thrill of orgasm began to overtake her.&nbsp; She squeezed her eyes closed as Cara rolled her tongue and fucked it in and out of her wet hole.&nbsp; Her hands clenched in fists as the first wave of orgasm swept over her.&nbsp; Her whole body shuddered, then Cara went back to work on her clit, bringing on a second climax in a matter of minutes, this one lasting much longer.

As the third one approached, Cara worked her thumb into Jenny�s grasping pussy and covered it with her juices.&nbsp; As she wiggled it around, she traced her tongue around the tight bud of Jenny�s asshole.&nbsp; Jenny tried to protest, but her own bodily desires kept her quiet.&nbsp; The thumb sneaked its way out of her pussy, and gently began to apply pressure against her ass.

�Please � not � there.�&nbsp; Jenny gasped.

�Trust me, you�ll enjoy this,� Cara replied in her heavy accent.

With a steady, light pressure, and with constant attention to Jenny�s clit, Cara�s little thumb worked its way into the woman�s virgin ass.&nbsp; Once completely engulfed, she held it still as she continued to work her lips and tongue around the older woman�s pussy.&nbsp; As Jenny began to near her third orgasm, the young girl began to work her thumb in and out of her, and as she was swept away, Cara shoved her thumb in as deep and hard as it would go.

�Ooohhhhhhh�� the woman cried as her pussy and ass pulsed rhythmically.&nbsp; Her face and chest flushed a deep red and she broke out in a fine sweat as she experienced the most intense orgasm of her life.&nbsp; Her clit seemed to double in size as it filled even fuller with blood and her asshole gripped the girl�s wriggling thumb like it never wanted to let go.&nbsp; Jenny was floating on a cloud, mindless of the situation she was in.&nbsp; Her entire consciousness was focused in her groin, and in the pleasure radiating through her.

�Now, is my turn.� Cara said with a smile.

The young girl scrambled up on the desk, turned to face the classroom and straddled Jenny�s face with her bare pussy lips hovering just inches above her.&nbsp; The reality of the situation quickly returned.

Cara squatted down and slid her damp pussy across Jenny�s nose and planted it in on top of her lips.&nbsp; Jenny desperately tried turning her head to avoid the inevitable, but a pair of hands held her in position.&nbsp; As Cara ground herself against the poor woman�s mouth, she looked back at her and commanded, �Get to work, Cunt, you owe me.�

�What are you waiting for, Bitch?&nbsp; Get to it.� she repeated impatiently.

The pleasure of a few moments ago had turned to immense guilt and regret as Jenny gave up all hope of getting out of this predicament.&nbsp; She reasoned that if she cooperated, maybe it would all be over sooner.&nbsp; The perversity of what she knew she had to do nearly sickened her, but she tentatively extended her tongue and tasted the musky flesh.

Drops of Cara�s dew collected on Jenny�s tongue as she gingerly passed it along the outline of the young girl�s pussy, not daring to venture in between the thin lips.&nbsp; She could taste the girl�s musk distinctly on the tip of her tongue as it filled her nostrils with the scent of sex.

Cara groped at Jenny�s big tits as she began to gyrate over her mouth and tongue, but Jenny�s futile attempt to pleasure the girl was frustrating her.&nbsp; She responded by grinding herself harder against the woman�s face, and began to take out her frustration on her nipples.&nbsp; She dug her nails into the firm buds, causing Jenny to squirm under her, but Cara kept herself firmly planted on her face.

�Use your tongue!� Cara demanded as she twisted and pinched.

The next guy in line decided to join in and worked his way into Jenny�s cunt.&nbsp; He and Cara exchanged passionate kisses as they jointly assaulted her.

�Someone, give me some dick!� Cara called to the crowd of spectators.

One of the younger boys stepped up on the teacher�s chair and Jenny watched in dismay as his dick disappeared into the young girl�s pussy, just inches above her face.&nbsp; She watched the way Cara�s pussy lips clung to him as he fucked in and out, as though they were trying to hold him in.&nbsp; The spectacle distracted her momentarily from the third dick to rape her as it clumsily banged away.&nbsp; The two boys settled into a rhythm and fucked in unison as Cara continued her assault on Jenny�s nipples.

Jenny watched in disgust as the boy�s cock slipped all the way out of Cara, and was trailed by a string of precum that stretched out from her pussy, sagged, and then dropped against the bridge of her nose and forehead.&nbsp; She was appalled when, instead of returning to the girl�s pussy, the boy gripped his cock with his hand, and pressed it against the girl�s tight asshole.&nbsp; Surely he wouldn�t do that, she thought to herself.

�Fuck my ass.&nbsp; Oh yeah, fuck my ass.�&nbsp; Cara demanded.

The boy obliged, and pushed his dick into her tiny ass.&nbsp; Cara responded by returning her pussy to Jenny�s mouth.

�Stick your tongue up there,� she commanded Jenny.

Jenny slowly complied, and noticed a definite sharpness in the taste, all the while the boy�s sack slapped against her forehead.

�Fuck me.� Cara cried out as the boy fucking her ass picked up the pace.

The boy fucking Jenny picked up his pace as well as Cara lowered herself on top of her, giving the boy in her ass better access.&nbsp; Before long he began to slow down.&nbsp; Cara raised her hips up a bit, and the boy returned his dick to her dripping pussy.&nbsp; This time, the boy did not slow down, and as the young couple began to climax, the boy fucking Jenny did too, pumping his sperm deep inside of her.

Jenny�s mind focused on the warm flood of semen filling her pussy, and began to panic.&nbsp; She wasn�t given much time to think about it though, as the other boy withdrew from Cara and the young girl returned to a squatting position just over her.

�Open your mouth and stick out your tongue, Bitch.� the boy demanded.

Jenny reluctantly obeyed, and as she did so, Cara reached down with her hand and spread herself with two fingers.&nbsp; Jenny watched in horror as a thick glob of sperm clung to the girl�s cunt, before falling directly into her mouth.

�Swallow it, you fucking whore.� she was told.

She wanted desperately to spit it out, but the cum was too far down her throat.&nbsp; She gagged as she swallowed it down, bringing new tears to her eyes.&nbsp; Two of Cara�s fingers were buried in her own cunt as she fished more of the vile liquid out.&nbsp; Another big glob splashed against Jenny�s tongue and slid down her gullet.&nbsp; Resting on one knee, Cara turned part way around and put her fingers in Jenny�s mouth.

�Suck them clean.� Cara ordered her.

Jenny again complied, and with tears streaming down the sides of her face, she sucked the thick mixture of the young couple�s cum from Cara�s fingers.&nbsp; She barely noticed the lapping of another girl between her own legs, catching the cum as it oozed from her pussy.

As Cara, spent and tired, climbed down off the desk, the older, heavy, black girl slid up from between Jenny�s legs and covered her mouth with her own.&nbsp; Jenny reluctantly opened her mouth for the girl, and a warm trickle of sperm, retrieved from her own pussy, flooded in.&nbsp; The black girl swirled her tongue around the inside of Jenny�s mouth, filling her senses with the taste and smell of semen and her own juices.&nbsp; It was all she could do to not throw up, but she managed to hold it in, and eventually swallowed another load of cum.

It had been just over an hour and a half since Pedro locked the door, but to Jenny it had been an eternity.&nbsp; She spent the next hour and a half on her back servicing the students, boys and girls, sometimes alone and sometimes in groups, in a seemingly unending gang rape.&nbsp; Sometimes the boys would pull out of her and add their cum to the glass, and sometimes they would unload inside of her fertile pussy, each time sending new waves of dread that she might become pregnant.&nbsp; Her body ached from the continuous exertion, her pussy was raw and her face was coated with a sheen of dried cum, both male and female.&nbsp; She was exhausted.

As the lunch bell rang, the students formed a tight circle around their teacher as she was pulled up into a sitting position, her ankles still tied to the desk.&nbsp; Her delicate, silk chemise was ripped into strips and used to tie her arms behind her, at the elbows and wrists, jutting her big tits out even further than normal.&nbsp; Her panties were then pushed into the glass of cum, which she, ironically, noticed was half full.&nbsp; The panties dripped the thick, egg-white like fluid across her chest and down through her cleavage as Cara lightly rolled them up and fed them into Jenny�s tired mouth.&nbsp; Cara pushed on the woman�s chin to close her mouth around the cum soaked panties, which squeezed out in a thick stream and ran down her throat.&nbsp; She had to swallow hard several times to get it all down.&nbsp; Another student placed a strip of duct tape over her mouth as the remaining cum in the glass was poured between her tits, where it ran down over her belly, through her wispy pubic hair and pooled at the mouth of her cunt.

Jenny watched in total despair as the 20 young teens filed out, recounting their exploits of her body, and not closing the door behind them.&nbsp; Her shoulders were cramping up from the unnatural position of her arms and she worried about who might see her from outside.&nbsp; She wanted desperately for someone to rescue her, but was completely embarrassed by the position they would find her in.&nbsp; Lost in her thoughts, the defeated woman drifted into semi-consciousness.

Chapter 2 - Lunch

Mr. Harper, the school�s principal, stepped quietly into the isolated, mobile classroom occupied by Mrs. Jenny Mitchell, and locked the door.&nbsp; The faint clicking of the dead bolt being latched was enough to garner her attention and bring her mind back into her naked, exposed body.

Unable to speak through the make-shift gag, Jenny squirmed at the edge of the desk, trying to convey all that had happened to her through animated gestures.&nbsp; Mr. Harper, a 50 plus, balding, single man sporting an impressive pot belly, watched in fascination as her full tits jiggled, and shook back and forth.

�Well, Mrs. Mitchell, how was your morning?&nbsp; Were the students well behaved?� he asked mockingly.&nbsp; �You have to know what a treat it is for them to meet a woman of your � shall we say � stature.&nbsp; My, you are quite extraordinary.� 

As the implication of his words sunk in, Jenny�s body went limp.&nbsp; He was not here to save her.

�We go to great lengths here, Mrs. Mitchell, to reward our students� good work.� he continued as he brushed the backs of his right hand fingers against the underside of her full bosom.

SMACK!&nbsp; His hand circled around and slapped against the side of her left tit.&nbsp; Reaching out, he squeezed her right breast between the fingers and thumb of his left hand, applying enough pressure to cause her to wince.

�Our students are tested periodically against a state exam to determine if our teaching methods are effective.&nbsp; Unfortunately, our funds, including those for your quote � unquote gifted students, are tied to those test results.&nbsp; Equally unfortunate, we discovered years ago that these, so called second chance students, couldn�t give a rat�s ass.�&nbsp; 

He squeezed and pressed his thumbs into both tits to emphasize his frustration.

�We have found that these hoodlums are motivated only by instant, physical gratification, which in this case, happens to be you.&nbsp; They performed especially well, for second �chancers� anyway, and were thus rewarded with you for the day.�

Jenny�s heart sank as he continued.

�If you are to ever make it in this school district, you have to realize who�s in charge, and that, of course, are the students.&nbsp; It�s always for the students.&nbsp; Should you complain about the arrangements here, we can make things exceedingly more difficult than getting laid and slapped around a bit by some high school punks.&nbsp; You are in the middle of gang-land here, and that opens you up to some fairly nasty alternatives.&nbsp; Make no mistake, we will get you, and you�ll never complain to anyone again.�

Jenny listened intently.

�On the other hand, if you prove yourself a team player, we can get you into a gifted classroom in say, 5 or 6 months.&nbsp; You just have to make yourself, uh-hum, available as a substitute.&nbsp; There are only 4, second chance classrooms, and they�re only tested every other week.&nbsp; Being new, you would be awarded to the highest scoring class.&nbsp; As the novelty wears off, we will have to recruit fresh talent, and you would go to the second highest score.&nbsp; So you can see how you might move through the ranks fairly quickly, like your peers are doing.&nbsp; The gifted classrooms are truly gems, and well worth working for.&nbsp; So, what do you say?&nbsp; Are you in?�

Jenny�s husband had wanted to make the move to California for years, and would be so disappointed to lose that.&nbsp; Besides, she knew there would be no way she could bear the shame and humiliation of recounting what had happened to her, and it would definitely make the news.&nbsp; What would her husband say?&nbsp; Would he look at her differently?&nbsp; And then the real threat Mr. Harper had made couldn�t be ignored.&nbsp; Already deprived of her decency and ashamed of what she knew she had to do, Jenny nodded her head ever so slightly.

�Good. Good.� Mr. Harper acknowledged as he slowly removed the tape covering her mouth.

He gingerly gripped the sopping panties from her mouth and dropped them to the floor.&nbsp; Reaching his arm around her waist he helped her stand on her spread, unsteady legs, still securely attached to the desk, and pulled her forward and down to her knees.

Jenny�s arms were still painfully bound behind her back, and at the angle her legs were spread, the pressure on her knees added greatly to her discomfort.&nbsp; Mr. Harper bent down on one knee in front of her and forcefully inserted his middle finger deep into her, and stroked the inside of her vagina.&nbsp; 

With his other hand maintaining a firm grip on her shoulder, he looked deep into her eyes and said, �I just want to make sure we have an understanding.&nbsp; Are you on board?�

Jenny again nodded her head ever so slightly.

With that, Mr. Harper withdrew his finger, held it under his nose and took in the musky smell.&nbsp; He then pressed his fingertip to her lips and she obediently responded by opening her mouth and sucked it in.&nbsp; Mr. Harper then flicked his wet finger over her nipple and massaged her full breasts.&nbsp; As he stood up, he unbuckled his belt, and pushed his pants down to his knees.&nbsp; Fishing his semi-rigid cock through the fly of his boxers, he placed his hand on the back of her head and pushed her face toward his crotch.

So far that morning, Jenny had not been forced to suck a dick.&nbsp; She had tasted all the girls� pussies, and had swallowed plenty of cum, but the position they had kept her in on the desk had not lent itself for her to suck cock.&nbsp; In fact, she had never even imagined having a dick in her mouth.&nbsp; It was wrong, and did not belong there.&nbsp; It�s not what God had intended.

�Mrs. Mitchell.&nbsp; I am waiting.�&nbsp; Mr. Harper stated coldly as though he were waiting for his morning reports.

Defeated and beyond resistance, Jenny opened her mouth and took in the nearly flaccid member.&nbsp; The rubbery texture of the head felt strange to her as it slid across her tongue.&nbsp; Instinctively, she covered her teeth with her lips and gently sucked on Mr. Harper�s dick.&nbsp; Having learned how to use her tongue from servicing the girls, she let it flit and swirl around, causing a low moan to escape from the principal.

�That�s nice, Mrs. Mitchell.&nbsp; That�s real nice.� he muttered as his cock expanded in her mouth.

Though not as big or rigid as most of the boys that fucked her earlier, his growing cock was filling her mouth as he pressed on back of her head.&nbsp; She tried to pull away, but Mr. Harper just held her in place.&nbsp; Shifting his position directly in front of her, he held her by the shoulders and began to work his 5 inch prick in and out of her mouth, and part way into her throat.&nbsp; As she gagged, he leaned up and pushed his way all the way down, until his balls touched her chin.&nbsp; She gasped for air as he withdrew a bit, only to have his dick fed back down her throat.

It didn�t take too long for Mr. Harper to reach his climax, and as he began to cum, he held his dick between his thumb and index finger while stilling holding the back of Jenny�s head with his other hand, letting his hot jizz spray onto her tongue and down her throat.&nbsp; She continued to swallow the sticky substance in her mouth as he withdrew himself, pulled his pants up and tucked in his shirt.

�Very good, Mrs. Mitchell.� he stated matter-of-factly as though reviewing her daily planner.&nbsp; �The kids will be back from lunch momentarily, and they tend to get just a bit boisterous in the afternoon.�

Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved a small bottle of what looked like aspirin.&nbsp; Refilling the glass with water, he pressed a tablet into her mouth and lifted the glass to her lips.&nbsp; Jenny could see remnants of cum floating in the water as she drank and washed the tablet of Ecstasy down.&nbsp; She was grateful to be able to rinse her mouth, and was appreciative for what she thought was aspirin.

�Have a pleasant day, Mrs. Mitchell.&nbsp; I�ll go ahead and sign you out this afternoon, but you�ll need to do that yourself in the future.&nbsp; We�ll call you next week to schedule your next assignment.&nbsp; You�re going to do just fine, Mrs. Mitchell, just fine.�

Brushing the front of his pants as he walked out the door, Mr. Harper headed back to his office with a renewed bounce in his step.

�Good afternoon, students.� he greeted the class as they passed him in the lot.

Chapter 3 � Afternoon

�Please stop this!� Jenny again pleaded as the 20 teenagers returned to their classroom and locked the door.&nbsp; �Haven�t you had enough?&nbsp; This is so wrong.�

�Shit, Lady, this mornin� was jest a warm up.� someone said in their Mexican accent.

�Yeah, just something to take the edge off.� added another.

�You do look nice down there, on your knees.� Pedro chimed in.&nbsp; �As long as you�re down there, I�ve got something for you to take care of.�

Pedro again took the lead at the front of the pack, and offered his swollen cock to the helpless teacher.&nbsp; Again, she opened her mouth and sucked.&nbsp; As she serviced Pedro, some of the other boys released their cocks and began masturbating around her.&nbsp; Some of the girls got on their knees and sucked along with her in an orgy of fellatio.&nbsp; One of the girls lifted the front of her skirt, pushed her panties to the side and rubbed her clit furiously.

Pedro came in short order and his dick was quickly replaced.&nbsp; One after another, cock after cock was fed to her, each with another load of cum for her to swallow.&nbsp; She began to feel light headed as the Ecstasy began to take effect; the stimulant making her feel all jittery and even more tense.&nbsp; But, she began to understand the closeness and bonds this group had formed, and how they were now using their intimacy to ravish her, like a pack of wolves devouring its prey.&nbsp; Satiated for the moment, the group looked at her, as though trying to decide what to do with her next.

�Untie her arms.� Pedro ordered.

Quickly, one of the girls moved behind Jenny and removed the strips of cloth binding her arms together.&nbsp; Jenny slowly rotated her shoulders and winced at the pain, as strings of cum dripped from her chin and ran down her chest.

�Put your hands behind your head and lock your fingers together.� Pedro told her in a cold, stern voice.

As she moved her hands into position, she noticed that the large, black girl was striking a wooden pointer, about three feet long and a half inch thick, against her hand.&nbsp; The teacher�s skin had become hot and clammy, and now goose bumps broke to the surface in waves as she followed the rod�s movement through the air and heard the smack against the girl�s hand.

�W-w-what are you going to do with that?� she stammered.

Tanisha responded with a smirk, and motioned for one of the boys to stand her up.

�Keep yo� hands behine yo� head.&nbsp; Evey time they move is a stripe on yo� snatch!� she informed Jenny.

Jenny started to tremble as the big girl moved up and stood beside her.&nbsp; The whoosh of the rod as it ripped through the air barely had time to register before the searing pain from her right breast reached her brain.

�Oooohhhh God, Noooo �.� Jenny screamed, as a bright, red welt rose up in a diagonal line, cutting just under her nipple.&nbsp; Her hands spontaneously moved to protect her delicate flesh.

�There�s one for yo� pussy!� Tanisha said dryly.

�You can�t do this!� Jenny cried.

CRACK!&nbsp; The rod landed hard across Jenny�s upper chest.

�Ya betta get yo� hands back up, Bitch.&nbsp; I ain�t fuckin� witch ya��

�Oh my god.� Jenny muttered as she repositioned her hands behind her head.

Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; The rod cut another line just above the same nipple.&nbsp; It was all she could do to keep her fingers locked.

Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; A direct hit on the left nipple caused Jenny�s knees to buckle and as she fell back against the desk, her hands moved to catch herself.

�That�s two!� Tanisha teased.

As her hands slowly resumed their position, the fourth blow landed on the underside of her right tit, and before she could catch her breath, a matching stripe was placed on the left.&nbsp; Jenny�s hands splayed out and Tanisha called out, �Three�.

By now, the teacher�s tits were on fire, and each additional blow just added coals to the flame.&nbsp; With all the will power she could muster, she managed to keep her fingers together for the remaining six stripes applied to her tits, covering them with five angry welts each.&nbsp; She didn�t even notice as her ankles were freed for the first time in over four hours.&nbsp; Her hands remained behind her head as she was turned to the side of the desk and laid back.&nbsp; Her feet were placed on the desk�s edge, her knees up and held apart by two of the girls; her pussy was displayed vulgarly.&nbsp; Two of the boys held her shoulders down.

�Now dis is gonna hurt!� Tanisha told Jenny.&nbsp; �A lot!�

The rod streaked down and landed solidly against the left side of her vulva, instantly causing it to flash red and double in size.&nbsp; As Jenny shuddered in a futile effort to move out of the way, the second blow caught the right side, creating a match.&nbsp; With her victim nearly blacking out, Tanisha motioned at Cara, and the nimble girl went to work on Jenny�s clit.&nbsp; Her expert attention quickly engorged the sensitive bud and created a momentary distraction to Jenny�s torment.&nbsp; The young girl caressed her wounds with her tender lips until she calmed down enough to lie still.

Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; The rod found its mark directly on the extended, exposed clitoris and the delicate inner lips of her abused pussy.&nbsp; Jenny passed out cold.

While unconscious, the students bent Jenny�s limp body over the back of the teacher�s chair, on her stomach, and laid her across the desk facing the class.&nbsp; Earlier, one of the students had emptied the drawer of its contents, and filled it with an entire pack of the old fashioned type of thumbtacks, the kind with flat, metal tops, being sure to stand them upright.&nbsp; As they moved their teacher into place, they let her tits fall into the open drawer and closed it tightly against them, and held it place with duct tape.&nbsp; Her legs were secured against the back legs of the chair, and her wrists were tied with long cords to the front legs of the desk.&nbsp; Her ass was presented invitingly; her leg muscles stretched taut. 

As Jenny�s body began to recover from the brutal attack on her tits and pussy, her eyes slowly opened.&nbsp; Nineteen pair of eyes stared into them from a tight semi-circle directly in front of her as the students leaned back against their desks.&nbsp; Some of them were fully dressed, some were nude, and some were in between.&nbsp; Several of the boys, and a couple of the girls were actively masturbating, and one girl was straddling a guys lap, facing Jenny, as she rode up and down his cock.

Jenny�s mind gradually became aware of the sharp points pressing against her already battered tits along with the pressure of the drawer squeezing into them, and the tightness in the backs of her legs.&nbsp; As she squirmed to relieve the stiffness in her legs, the thumbtacks would poke into her tender flesh, which would cause her to squirm into a new position only to be met with more of the sharp points.&nbsp; The students watched intently.

The dreaded �Whoosh� grabbed her attention just before the rod bit into the taut flesh of her upper legs.&nbsp; Thwack!&nbsp; Jenny�s entire body went rigid as white-hot pain seared through her legs and into her lower back.&nbsp; Her mouth tried to scream, but no sound would come out.&nbsp; As she desperately struggled to remove herself from this torment, the thumbtacks were driven deep into her tits.&nbsp; The more she moved, the deeper they went, pricking at sensitive nerves.

Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; Whoosh � Thwack.&nbsp; Whoosh � Thwack.

Five bright red stripes, edged with deep purples and greens, stood out in stark contrast against the background of white skin covering the backs of her legs, made even paler by the distressed state Jenny�s body was in.&nbsp; Several of the tacks had buried themselves to the head in each of her tits, and each movement of her upper body, even just to draw a breath, added to her suffering.&nbsp; Her hair was plastered to her head and face, dripping with sweat, and her back glistened under the florescent lights.

Tanisha was cruel sadist, and especially enjoyed the spasms and the pitiful attempts Jenny was making as she tried unsuccessfully to alleviate even a bit of the pain consuming her.&nbsp; The young girl was without passion.&nbsp; Instead, she was filled with glee and excitement as she traded the rod for a wooden paddle.

SMACK!&nbsp; A ripple could clearly be seen coursing across the fullness of Jenny�s right ass cheek.&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; She gasped in renewed horror as another ripped across the left.

SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!&nbsp; SMACK!

Sometimes alternating cheeks, sometimes twice on the same one, and a couple of shots that bridged across both; ten hard whacks turned her ass a glowing, cherry red.&nbsp; The students watched in fascination as her face contorted and twisted in response to the severe spanking, with each hit driving her tits harder against the thumbtacks in the drawer.&nbsp; They wondered how many had managed to lodge themselves in, and were even taking a pool.

�I say six.�&nbsp; �I got ten!�&nbsp; �Twelve.�&nbsp; The wagers were placed.

As the last hour of the school day approached, Pedro made his way behind the teacher�s desk, and positioned himself against Jenny�s burning ass.&nbsp; He dropped his pants, and then scrapped his nails along the searing stripes crossing her legs.&nbsp; After coating his throbbing cock with lube, he grabbed the hot globes of her ass and spread them apart, exposing the delicate bud of her anus.&nbsp; With the head of his dick against the tight opening, he steadily applied pressure until its resistance finally failed.

Jenny�s humiliation reached a new, disgusting height as this was the most foul, perverted act she could imagine.&nbsp; The thought of sodomy to her was so immoral that it was surpassed only by murder itself.&nbsp; As her mind revolted against the deed, she forgot about her pain for the briefest of moments.&nbsp; As the big cock stretched her asshole wide, a new wave of stabbing pain shot through her nervous system, to merge and mingle with the pain shooting through her breasts as they plowed through the tacks in the drawer with each thrust of his cock, and with the burning still radiating from her legs and ass cheeks.

Pedro pounded his cock into her ass like a madman, occasionally slowing his pace enough to slap his hand against her hips and the sides of her legs, adding red hand prints to her other markings.&nbsp; He jabbed into her deeply as he pumped his load far up into her bowels.

He pulled out roughly, picked her crumpled dress up from the floor and proceeded to clean himself with it.

�What a fuckin� cunt.� he said to her as he threw the dress back to the floor and pulled his pants up.

The remaining 13 boys each took another turn with the defeated woman; some in her ass, and some in her battered pussy, each cleaning themselves with her dress.&nbsp; She thought for sure her pussy and ass had been ripped to shreds judging from the pain each additional dick had been able to extract from them.&nbsp; Her tits throbbed as the tacks scraped across the lashes from the rod, and penetrated deep into the internal tissues. Her mind and heart raced, torn between the terrifying knowledge of the brutal gang rape she was enduring, and the erotic effects of the Ecstasy as it peaked in her bloodstream.&nbsp; She was at her physical, mental and emotional limits.

At long last, there was just one teen in line; her darling little Cara.

�Well, Teach, eats jest me and you.�&nbsp; Cara mewed sensually.

Jenny was actually looking forward to the soothing touch of Cara�s soft lips against her aching flesh, but it was not to be.&nbsp; The tape was removed from the drawer imprisoning the woman�s tortured tits, but as the flow of blood returned, the pain amplified with it.&nbsp; Jenny�s hands were freed and she was pulled upright.

�Sixteen, motherfucker!� the winner of the pool declared as the tacks sunk into her tits were counted.

Seven thumbtacks were completely pressed into her right breast, and nine were in her left.&nbsp; Many small scratches had drawn blood, and the marks of the rod were still clearly visible.

�Cup your tits in your hands.� Cara instructed Jenny.&nbsp; �We wouldn�t want you getting infected.�

Jenny complied and held her large breasts up in her hands.&nbsp; One of the boys tilted the bottle of rubbing alcohol and quickly dowsed them.&nbsp; Jenny shook and shuddered as the stinging liquid dug its way into her wounds, and the boy slowly removed each of the tacks.&nbsp; Small rivulets of blood mingled with the clear liquid and ran down her stomach.

�You�ll be fine in a day or two.� he told her, as he intently watched the jiggling flesh dance to her shaking.

Cara pushed on Jenny�s back, forcing her back down.&nbsp; Her hands were pulled out from under her, but left untied.

�Now that you�re all loose and wet, you can meet big John.�&nbsp; Cara told her, mockingly.

Jenny couldn�t see that Cara had donned a huge strap-on hard plastic dildo that had been sanded with rough grit sandpaper.&nbsp; It was nine inches long and a full three inches across.&nbsp; As she pressed the massive head against the woman�s swollen pussy, Cara reached under her and latched onto Jenny�s tits for leverage.&nbsp; Slowly, inch by inch, the enormous plastic dick plowed its way into her, aided by the many deposits of cum, until it bumped into her cervix.&nbsp; Her labia had been pulled inside by the immense intruder and were scoured even more raw by the rough plastic as it scraped over them.&nbsp; Jenny was seeing stars, and was on the verge of collapse as the giant member was dragged back out.&nbsp; Cara slowly fucked the despondent woman�s tortured pussy for a good five minutes before finally withdrawing.

�You�re almost done.�&nbsp; Cara said in a soft voice.

Cara removed the dildo she was wearing and placed her left hand on the small of Jenny�s back.&nbsp; Balling up her relatively small hand into a fist, she pressed her knuckles against the woman�s gapping hole.

�Here we go.� she said as she rubbed her fist against Jenny�s wet pussy.

Jenny�s cunt had gone nearly numb from the extreme abuse it had endured, and offered little resistance as the girl�s fist began to penetrate.&nbsp; Her pussy lips stretched to the brink of tearing as the widest part of Cara�s hand squeezed into her vagina.&nbsp; Once past the entrance, it seemed to suck the girl in as she buried her hand in up to her forearm.&nbsp; Cara worked her hand in and out of the poor woman�s cunt as she massaged her swollen clit with the other.&nbsp; Working her hands in time, Cara was able to build Jenny up, once again, to another forceful orgasm.&nbsp; Jenny felt completely corrupted as her body convulsed and pulsated.&nbsp; Pleasure blended with mind numbing pain as wave after wave overtook her.

�Oh, GOD, what have I done to deserve this?� Jenny cried out to the cheering crowd.

Epilog

As the students left for the day, Jenny could hear them commenting about her body, and what they had done to it, as though she weren�t there.&nbsp; To them, she was just another play toy, to be used as they wished; a token reward for improving their test scores.&nbsp; Her body ached at the slightest provocation as she clumsily untied her ankles from the chair legs, and her mind continually replayed the events of the day.&nbsp; Sitting to undo the knots in the pantyhose which secured her, her ass felt as though she were sitting on hot coals.&nbsp; The pinpricks in her breasts stung maddeningly as the heavy orbs swung in rhythm to her movements, and deep bruises were rising to the surface.

Jenny placed her soiled and torn panties and the remnants of her hose into her purse, not wishing to have them discovered and perhaps displayed by one of the students or janitorial staff.&nbsp; Her once beautiful chemise had been reduced to just so many strips of fabric, so she buried them in the bottom of the trash can.&nbsp; Her bra was no where to be found and must have been kept by one of the students as a trophy.&nbsp; Her burgundy dress was wrinkled and showed obvious stains from where it had absorbed the cum from the many dicks it had served to clean.&nbsp; She saw it as a reflection of her own body.

She arrived home several hours before her husband, and as she soaked her tired body in a warm bath, reflected on her options.&nbsp; She was truly afraid of the consequences she would face if she were to report it and it would surely mean having to relocate, something she just couldn�t ask of her husband.&nbsp; And what if no one believed her?&nbsp; Anymore, it seemed as though the courts and the press were more inclined to side with the accused, and who would imagine that an entire classroom, with the principal�s knowledge, was in on the gang rape of a teacher?&nbsp; Preposterous!&nbsp; And what if Mr. Harper followed up on his threat to make her disappear?&nbsp; She shuddered at the thought as the warm water and fragrant bubbles absorbed her fears and pain.

Over the following days, her bruises began to fade, and masking the pain of moving from her husband was becoming easier.&nbsp; With his new position, he was rather distracted and didn�t really notice her subtle mannerisms.&nbsp; On the third night after the rape, as he spooned into position behind her, she responded as naturally as she could to his caresses and subsequent lovemaking, even though her breasts, and especially her labia, were still very sore.

Halfway through the second week, she received a call from the school board informing her of her next assignment at the high school for that Friday.&nbsp; She accepted, and as she hung up the phone, she was filled with trepidation as the vivid memories began to replay themselves in astonishing detail.&nbsp; She thought about the fact that she was one week late starting her period.&nbsp; She was never late!&nbsp; Maybe God really does work in mysterious ways.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Master


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





