BDSM Library - Maid Takes Charge




Maid Takes Charge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An older woman dreams of serving a black woman and then she gets caught playing with herself thinking about it by the maid.  The maid readily takes charge of the situation.
Maid in Charge

Mary had thought she had put her magazines and plugs back up after she had
masturbated but after her shower, she walked back to the bedroom to see her maid
Sharon sitting in the chair looking at them.  Sharon was her black maid for the
last three years and didn't know anything about her desire to serve and worship
a black woman.  At 45, Mary had a fair shape body that a lot of men would have
really desired with a slightly oversized ass.   But one man was enough.  Her
daughter Jane had moved back in with her after her divorce when she lost her
job.  Mary had a good pension from her ex for both of them to live on.

Sharon was a larger black lady who served twice a week as the house maid. 
Cleaning up and doing laundry and such for the white family.  She had large
breast and a butt slightly bigger than Mary's own.  Mary had thought about
bringing up her desires on several occasions but just couldn't do it.  Sharon
was one of her fantasy women she dreamed of as she laid in bed at night
masturbating.

Bout time you got your big white butt back in here, Sharon looked up at her. 
Seem like I was serving a white bitch all this time who wanted to worship my ass
the whole time.  What these bitch, she continued, pointing to Mary large dildo
and butt plug still on the bed table.

I'm sorry Sharon, Mary got out, trying to get over to the table and grab the
objects quickly to put them away.  How could she have been so dumb with Sharon
in the house?  Her face was crimson as she covered her breast and cunt with her
hands passing by Sharon to the table to retrieve and put the objects back in
their drawer.

Whap.

Owwlllllll..  Mary screamed as she felt a sharp pain on her ass cheek.  What the
hell?

Whap.

Owlllll.

I didn't tell you to get your toys, Sharon yelled up at her as Sharon reached
back grabbing her sore ass cheek.  From now on, your ass belongs to me white ho. 
Now get on your stomach on the bed now!

Mary was more surprise at the tone of voice Sharon used.  She was always used to
Sharon saying "yes mam" and "no mam".   She hesitated confused as what to do.

Whap.

Owlllll.  God that hurt, Mary yelled out.

It's going to hurt a lot more if you don't get your white ass on that bed now. 
Move it bitch, Sharon yelled slapping Mary large thigh making her jump with the
slap.

Mary quickly jumped on the bed on her stomach.  She was totally aware of her
nakedness' to this woman who was once nothing more than her servant.

Spread your legs white bitch and reach behind you and spread your big white ass
too.  Sharon commanded.  I'm going to finish this magazine and you better not
move and not look over.  Keep that nose of yours in buried in the sheet.

Mary ass was still sore from the slaps but her cunt was getting wet at the tone
Sharon was using and the humiliation of what she was expected to do.  She spread
her legs wide apart and reached back grabbing her bountiful ass mounds spreading
them apart exposing her twinkling brown asshole between them.  She maintained
the position getting wetter and wetter with dark desires as she waited for a
good ten minutes as Sharon read her magazine.

Finally Sharon got up and picked up the butt plug on the stand.

Now I'm going to ask you again white ho.  Sharon asked; hold the black butt plug
inches from Mary face.  What is this and what is it for?

Mary face turned red.

It's my ass plug and I shove it up my naught ass at night before I masturbate,
she said.

You used to masturbate, Sharon laughed.  From now on you will be wearing it more
frequent unless I tell you to take it out.   Is that understood?

Yes, Mary said.

Whap.

Owlll..

That's yes mistress, Sharon yelled.

Yes mistress, Mary yelled out.

Now ask mistress to shove your plug up your naughty white whore ass, Sharon
demanded.

Please mistress, Mary whispered, shove my ass plug in my naughty white ass, Mary
repeated.  Her asshole clinched at the thought of Sharon shoving it in.  She was
still holding her ass cheeks apart in back as she glanced to see Sharon walk
behind her and then the cold end of the plug at the entrance of her butt hole.

Ohhhhh.  Owlllllll.  Oh please not that fast.   Owwllllll.  Mary screamed as the
plug was quickly rammed deep in her asshole.  She felt her ass was being split
apart from the intrusion.  Oh, oh, she cried out in desperation.  She had always
inserted it slowly in her asshole.  Never had she felt this much pain as it
entered.  She tried to reach back only to have her hands roughly slapped and
told to keep her butt spread.  She grasped for air trying to adjust her asshole
to the intruder now buried deep within.

I guess you never had a real woman shoved it up your asshole, Sharon laughed
behind her, as Mary squirmed on the bed trying to keep her ass cheeks wide.  Her
cunt was starting to wet the bed in lust despite the pain.  Sharon continued
laughing.  From now on your white ass is mine to do what I want and is to serve
me.  Is that understood ho, she laughed, pushing the plug as deep as she could
up Mary's asshole.

Yes, yes, Mary screamed out, anything you want mistress.  Not so hard mistress
please.

Don't worry sugar, your big white ass will get used to it, Sharon laughed, and
then stepping back she quickly removed her dress and panties.  She took a seat
back in the chair and grabbed the dildo from the table looking over at Mary
pitiful face.  And now I am going to enjoy my new cock, Sharon smiled at her,
while you watch.

Mary watched as Sharon moved her dildo down to her pussy.  Even though Sharon
was slightly overweight, Mary stared at her large breasts and hairy cunt with
awe.  She was more beautiful than she had imagined in her dreams.  Her cunt was
getting wetter and wetter as she groveled in envy as Sharon was massaging her
cunt with her own dildo she had used plenty of times in the past.   She needed
it right now bad.

Poor little bitch wants to play with her mistress big cock, Sharon said,
noticing Mary squirming on the bed. Too bad, this is now mine.  Reach back and
fuck yourself with your new ass cock bitch.

Mary reached back and grabbed the knob of the back plug in her ass and started
pushing deeper in her ass enjoying the feel of it.  She needed some kind of
relief.

From now on bitch, Sharon smiled at her, I am going to be full time night and
day here and you are going to be my new maid.  You are going to take care of all
my needs.  Lick my ass, cunt on command.  Crawl around like the bitch you are
and grovel at my feet to be allowed to play with yourself.  I'm going to spank
your ass regularly and sit on that pretty white face of yours whenever I want.   
That's it fuck your whore ass faster.    After I come, I'm going to turn you
over and sat on your face while you worship my beautiful black ass.   Beg me to
sit on you bitch.

Please mistress, Mary yelled out, sit on my face, whip my ass, and make me your
whore.  She was now pushing the plug in and out her ass as fast as she could. 
She glanced up to see Sharon rise from the chair walking over to her while
stroking her clit.

Turn over bitch.  Time for your meal of black ass.

Maid Takes Charge II

Mary turned over on her back and watched as Sharon crawled up on the bed and
slowly lowered her bountiful ass downward towards her face.  She moaned in
desire as she the puckered asshole made it's way downward towards her mouth as
she pushed up to reach it.  She swirl her tongue around the hole and then
started working it slowly in and out.

That's it bitch, clean my ass.  Sharon demanded.  Keep you legs spread or I'll
slap those big tits of yours.

Mary spread her legs as far as the butt plug in her ass would allow her and
started working her tongue deeper and deeper in her new mistress asshole.  It
was a dream come true as she royally worshiped the puckered ring.  The degrading
remarks Sharon was making about only made her more excited and determined to
please her.   Her tongue had loosened the opening as loose as it would go as she
was now easing her tongue in and out with ease.  As Sharon started to rise off,
she tried desperately to keep it inside.

Sharon rose from the bed and walked to the center of the room and placed her
hand on a chair to balance herself.  She was glowing in her new found glory.

Get your ass off my new bed and get on your belly on the floor.  Worship my feet
bitch, she yelled.

Mary quickly rose off the bed as the plug drove deep in her ass making it very
awkward and lay down on her stomach on the floor at Sharon feet.   She
immediately started kissing and lapping her foot.

That's it cunt.  Pay your respect.  Sharon demanded.  Keep those legs wide.

Mary quickly obeyed spreading her legs wide wishing she could touch her cunt
which was dripping on the floor in a pool.  Her ass cheeks were clenching trying
to get off.  She felt Sharon hand grabbed her hair from above and moving her
head around her feet pushing her mouth flush against them.

That it bitch.  Lap my feet like the dog you are.   Wiggle that big cottontail
of yours and show me you like to be treated like a bitch by your black mistress. 
You white cunt.  Lap.  Sharon was telling her.

Mary started swinging her ass in back as her face was pressed down hard on
Sharon foot as she lapped it as best she could.  She was in a climax fever and
the carpet was providing some fiction on her cunt lips to make it feel good.

You cunt!  Sharon yelled noticing the woman was trying to get off.  Get on all
fours.  I'm going to kick your ass all the way down the stairs for that and beat
it with that big frying pan of yours.  Hurry up bitch.

Mary immediately got on all fours as Sharon walked behind and planted her foot
hard on her ass in back sending the plug deep in her asshole making her yelp in
pain.

Crawl bitch.  Hurry up.  Sharon yelled.

Mary quickly crawled out the room with several more quick kicks to her butt and
started to make her way down the stairs with much difficulty.  She was glad
Sharon didn't kick her going down or she might have slid down them instead. 
When she got to the bottom; however, the kicks started coming as she hurried as
fast as she could making her way to the kitchen.

Take that plug out of your ass and put it in your mouth.  Sharon walked over to
the stove and opening the bottom drawer and taking out the large black frying
pan.  Now bend over that chair over there she pointed.

Mary shoved the dirty plug in her mouth and walked over to the chair and bent
over the seat of it with her ass sticking up.

Now I'm going to own your butt bitch and you better not move off that chair till
I tell you., Sharon remarked walking up behind Mary's white ass.

This is for ordering me around, Sharon shouted, bringing the pan hard on Mary
big butt in back.  Mary feet leaped up in the air as her whole backside felt
like it was on fire.  As the next blow landed her feet shook wildly to the side
of the chair.  She dared not drop the plug and yell in pain for fear of what
would come next as tears started rolling down her cheeks as the blows fell one
by one on her pitiful white ass.  She wanted to scream as loud as she could.

Bitch, whore, white cunt; Sharon was yelling about.  Take that and this.   When
I get though with your ass you want be about to sit for a week.

Just when she thought she would faint, Sharon quit, as she squirmed in pain on
the chair seat.  Sharon let her wiggle on it for awhile trying to get from
feeling back in her ass before kicking her foot down below.

Get up bitch and make me a cup of coffee before I decide to beat your butt
again.  And shove that cock of yours back up that hole you got back there.

Mary slowly got up in pain as Sharon slapped her ass before sitting down.   She
removed the plug from her mouth moaning in agony and returned it to its new home
in her asshole with difficulty.  She tried to rub her ass cheeks only to have
Sharon yelled at her to quit rubbing her butt.  She made her way over to the
coffee pot filling it up with grinds and water as she wiggled her butt in pain. 
She had lost all her excitement during the spanking but was now starting to get
wet again with the thought of Sharon looking at her humiliation behind her.  She
tried to turn around but Sharon demanded she pay attention to her coffee brewing
and her ass exposed to her view.  Mary knew she was playing with her cunt
enjoying the sight of a white woman humiliation; especially her previous boss.

She poured the cup and walked back over placing it on the table beside Sharon.

Get on the floor and massage my feet with those white tits of yours while I
enjoy my coffee, Sharon demanded. 

Mary was totally humiliated as she got down and placed her tits on each side of
Sharon foot and started rubbing her foot with them.  She massaged the first for
a good five minutes before Sharon demanded she get to the other foot and repeat.

Be still bitch, Sharon yelled after a moment and then placing her feet beneath
Mary tits grabbed each of her nipples between her large and index toe and
pinched them hard.  Mary yelled in pain.

Next time I expect you to massage them with more interest, Sharon remarked.  She
squeezed them several more times as Mary yelped in pain like a dog at her feet.

Crawl around the room and bark bitch, Sharon demanded.  Wiggle that tail of
yours. I starting to get excited just thinking of what I'm going to do with it
next.  Move bitch.

Mary started crawling giving her best dog barks and swaying her ass in back
around the kitchen floor.  Her cunt was dripping again in excitement as to what
her new mistress might do next.  Maybe she let her lick her ass again.

Maid Takes Charge III

Sharon watched as the grown white woman crawl around the kitchen floor barking
like a door.  She still wasn't satisfied with humiliating the bitch.  The woman
had been a bitch of a boss ordering her around the last two years and now it was
payback time.  Maybe, even set herself up for life.  She sipped more of her
coffee enjoying the show on the floor.  As Mary passed by her chair, she kicked
her ass as good measure.   She reached down rubbing her clit imagining the uses
for the bitch and that brat of hers.  She would have to figure out how to get
control of the brat later.    She spread her legs wide in delight.

Come here bitch.  Lap my cunt.  She demanded.

Mary quickly crawled over burying her face in Mistress Sharon twat and started
licking her clit.  Sharon could tell the woman was fully in her control now as
she laid back in her thoughts and enjoyed the tonguing of her clit.  She wanted
to humiliate the woman more than ever now as she quickly climax grabbing Mary
hair and roughly shoving it deep within her cunt.  Damn bitch did have a good
tongue, she thought.  Better than any man she had been with.  She roughly pushed
Mary head back.

Mistress, I need to cum, Mary glanced up pleading at her.

Tough shit bitch, Sharon smiled.  Your cunt is mine and you can only cum with my
permission.  Get your ass of the floor and go clean the living room.  It better
be clean by the time I finish this coffee.

Sharon watched as Mary full disappointed finally was able to get up on her feet
and struggled to the cabinet to get the dust rag and polish.  She was walloping
badly as she made her way out the room as Sharon enjoyed the redness of her
face.  She read the paper on the table and finished her cup before noticing 20
minutes had passed and decided to get up and go abuse her cunt again.

She walked in to find Mary sitting on the floor relaxing with her hand down in
her cunt.

Bitch.  Did I say you could play with your cunt?  She yelled.

Mistress, I completed the job, Mary replied quickly seeing the fire in Sharon
eyes.

Sharon roughly walked over and grabbed Mary ear pulling her up to her feet and
bent over in pain.  She reached down and rubbed her hand along the side of the
dining room table and then pushed it in front of Mary face.

You call this clean bitch.  Get your ass on the floor and lick this table clean. 
Sharon demanded.  She pushed Mary down by the ear and started slapping her ass
hard in back.

Owlllll...  Owllll...

Mary started licking the side of the dining room table as Sharon kept swatting
her ass in back.

Next time I tell you to do something, it better be done right.  Swat. 
Understand bitch.  Sharon yelled down.  Swat.

Yes mistress.  Owlll.  Mary yelped in pain continuing her humiliating tonguing
of the table legs.  Yes mistress.  Ooollll.

Sharon had gotten her ass a nice shade of pink again before finally stopping to
rest.  Mary was crying and tonguing the table.

The phone ranged.

Sharon walked over picking up the receiver.

Yes, who is this?  This is Sharon.

I'll tell your mother you will be coming over tonight.  Yes, she knows you don't
have enough money for the trip you are planning for the weekend..  If you get
you lily white butt out and work maybe you would.

Listen honey, I don't care if you like my attitude or not.  You can tell her all
you want when you get here.

So you are going to get my ass fired, uh?  Go ahead and try bitch.

Sharon slammed the phone back down on the cradle pissed.  She'll take care of
that bitch when she gets here.  She needed something to take out her frustration
on as she glanced at Mary still cleaning the bottom legs of the table.  She
walked over and grabbed her hair roughly turning her over on her back and then
grabbing her legs roughly pulled them over her head and holding them with one
hand.

This is for not teaching your bitch daughter proper manners, she yelled.

Swat, swat, swat, swat.....

Owlll..owllll..owllll.  Mary was yelling in pain as the blows were coming down
repeating on her poor sore white ass.

When she gets over here tonight, I'm going to show that bitch proper manners
when addressing a black lady, Sharon yelled.

Swat, swat.

Yes mistress, Mary yelled.  Please no more.  Beat her ass.  It's her fault. 
Mary was yelping in pain.  Anything you want mistress.

Sharon released Mary legs as they dropped to the floor and she cried I pain as
her poor ass hit the carpet.

Get your ass up to your daughter room and bring me all her clothes.  Put them in
the garbage can outside.  I think I'm going to burn them so the little bitch
will have to walk naked if she goes anywhere.  Did you hear me bitch. 

Mary leaped up and started running up the stairs holding her big white ass cheek
as she ran.  Her ass couldn't take anymore of a beating and Sharon was really
pissed.  Let the bitch take her own punishment, Mary thought, as she hastened
up.  She's been spoiled all her life.  Maybe it will teach her a lesson or two. 
Her own cunt was getting wet; despite, knowing it was totally wrong with her. 
She quickly grabbed the bed cover and started opening drawers and throwing all
her daughter cloths on the cover and wrapping them up.  Hauling the bundle cover
up, she quickly made her way downstairs and out the back door, pushing the
bundle in the large trash can outside.  Her cunt was still dripping with the
thought of her daughter being made to lick Sharon beautiful butt.  She was
getting more and more excited as she ran back in the house to find her mistress.

Sharon was in the living area going through her purse.

I'll take these credit cards and checks in case you change your mind bitch,
Sharon demanded.  Some now on no one buys anything except what I tell them they
can buy.

Yes mistress, Mary replied.  Everything is yours.

Even that brat of yours cunt?  Sharon asked.

Yes Mistress, make her  your slave.  Make her lick your ass.  Flush her face in
the toilet.

Sharon laughed at the woman humiliation and surrendering of her property and
daughter.  Come on bitch, I think you want your face need to be flushed first. 

Maid Takes Charge IV

Jane entered the house slamming the door as hard as she could.  Damn bitch, she
thought.  Wait till I get her big ass fired.  Tell me off will she.

She entered the living area and froze at the sight.

Sharon was sitting on the couch nude with her mother Mary on her hands and knees
on the floor licking her thighs and legs.

Bout time you got home cunt, Sharon said as she saw her standing there stunned
and frozen.

Mom how could you, Jane yelled out.

Hush cunt, Sharon yelled at her.  Bitch tell this cunt of a daughter the new
rules of this house.

Mary turned to face her daughter staring at her with a stunned and worried
expression.

Jane dear, she said, Mistress Sharon now owns my ass and everything in this
house including the car, my belongings, and all yours.  I worship her ass for
the honor of serving her from now on so if you do not want to join me you may
leave and go your own way.

Fine, Jane finally replied, I'll just get my things and leave.  You can be a
whore if you want but I'm not.

By the way dear, Mary continued, your car now belongs to her also along with all
your stuff.  So you may leave but you can't take anything.  I even gave her your
band account.

Jane was totally stunned and panic.  She noticed Sharon smiling at her as she
stood there trying to decide her next course of action.  That bitch of a mother. 

Finally Sharon spoke.

Cunt you may stay here and still use your car to go to work but you will serve
me as my personal slave like your bitch mother here.  You will lick my ass upon
command, be spanked regularly, and beg to be used as the whore you are.  If not,
get your white butt out of my house.  Bitch get your fuck face back down to my
feet and lick, she yelled at Mary who quickly obeyed.

This is insane, Jane replied.  You can't be real.

Oh yes dear, Sharon smiled at her.  We even burned all your clothes earlier for
that voice you used on the phone.  All you have to wear is what you have on and
no money to buy anything.   So make up your mind and I'll let you enjoy your car
and provide you some security with a weekly allowance or you can get your ass
out on the street.  You can go to the police but your mother has agreed to deny
everything.   She thinks your white ass should belong to me.  I don't have all
day, so decide now.  My cunt is getting wet at the thought of sitting on that
lily white face of yours.

Jane was fried and knew it.  If she stayed, maybe she could somehow get out of
this.  With no money or vehicle she couldn't do much else.  She had no friends
anymore because of the way she treated them.  She wasn't even a virgin having
been fucked by several guys and even had by one girl.  Sharon did have a
beautiful body as she looked on at her.  She was even starting to get wet with
the thought.  Later on, she could try to get the upper hand.

I would like to stay, Jane finally said.

I can't hear you cunt.  Sharon yelled.  Did you say this whore wants to be a
black mistress whore?

Yes mistress, Jane replied, I want to be a black mistress whore.

Strip cunt and let me see your lily white body of yours.  Sharon continued.  I'm
going to spank that white ass of yours good in a minute to adjust your attitude
properly.

Jane slowly started removing her clothes.  Her cunt was getting wetter and
wetter.  Maybe she was a whore like her mother after all.  Her mother lapping on
Sharon feet was making her more and more excited as she finally lowered her
panties which were the last item.

Turn around cunt and bend over.  Sharon commanded.

Jane turned around and bent with her white ass pointed towards Sharon.

Spread your ass and show me what an asshole you really are, Sharon continued.

Jane reached back and spread her white mounds.  She couldn't help buy wonder why
she was getting so excited.  Sharon made her maintain the position for a good 10
minutes.

Bring your lily white ass over here cunt.  I'm going to teach you some manners
this cunt down here didn't have balls to do.  Come here whore, Sharon remarked
loudly.

Jane knew she was in for a good ass whipping but was getting more and more wet
at the thought.  She hurried over as Sharon grabbed her arm and swung her
roughly over her lap.

Now we are going to play beat the whore ass while she oinks like the little
white piggie she is.  Doesn't that sound exciting cunt. 

Yes mistress, Mary cried out.  Beat the little piggie ass. 

You hear your mother, Sharon laughed.  If you don't oink to my pleasure, I guess
this big white ass of yours so much that you want be able to sit on the john.

Slap, slap.

Oink, Oink, Oink.

Damn that hurt.  Jane wanted to yell out as she squirmed but knew she must oink
for Sharon to stop.

Slap, Oink, slap, slap, Oink, Oink.

Jane was squirming madly now on Sharon lap as her ass was beginning to get
totally red in pain.  She was now oinking well before the slaps and starting to
panic as she felt like she had reached her limit.  She was now trying to get off
Sharon lap but was unable due to the hold Sharon had on her waist.  She was now
oinking in succession.

Has my little white piggie learned her lesson on whose boss, Sharon stopped to
ask her.

Yes, yes mistress, Jane yelled frantically.

Show me what a piggie you are.  Wiggle your white ass for me.  Sharon laughed.

Jane immediately started wiggling her butt on Mistress Sharon lap.  She knew she
couldn't go through another ordeal like that.

Cunt, Sharon yelled at Mary.  Go to the kitchen and bring me a carrot.  I think
its time to feed this little piggie.  See how her little puckered asshole is
winking at me to shove something in it.  Hurry up.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





