BDSM Library - An Interracial Fantasy




An Interracial Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A white wife and husband turned into a slave by a black neighbor wife and daughter.
Interracial Fantasy.

About ten years ago, I had an interracial fantasy involving me, my wife, and a
neighbor.  Our daughters had got into a fight and the black family mother had
come over to settle the incident.  Unfortunately, it was settled pretty easily
but I had this fantasy through the years of what would have happened if it
wasn't.

The doorbell rang and the wife answered it

 A large well built black lady stepped in explaining who she was and why she was
there.  She seem to be pretty upset about something the daughter had done, so I
went back outside to continue the lawn mowing and let the wife handle the
problem.

After about 30 minutes, I stepped back into the house and was frozen with the
sight before me.  The black lady was setting on the couch nude with her legs
spread over the edge and my wife was on all fours between her legs eating her
pussy.  Her ass was all red from a recent beating she had received from the lady
and didn't move as I came in.

Get out of those clothes white boy.  You and your wife are now my slaves and if
you don't comply immediately I'll get my husband over here to beat your wimpy
ass.  I had seen her husband on several occasions and knew he could really do it
and the sight before me was too much and too soon to think about, so I complied
immediately.

She immediately stood up, pushing my poor wife redden face from her crotch and
turned around so that her ass was pointing towards me.

Crawl here and lick my ass she said.  By now, that was all I needed as I
immediately crawl towards the large lady and started lapping her ass like there
was nothing better I had ever tasted.  She forced my wife resume her duties on
her pussy till she climax a couple of times and then push us away.

Get your asses in the kitchen now slaves and crawl all the way.

My wife and I crawl into the kitchen and she lined two chairs up side by side
and had us get on all fours with our asses sticking out.  We both had to tell
her how we was nothing but white slaves needed discipline while she took out two
large pan spoons from the kitchen drawer and stuck them in our asses.  We had to
continue to beg while she probed our tail holes until she was satisfied of our
pleading to be her servant.  She then paddled our asses with several items
around the kitchen while reminding us if our plugs fell out she would get
something larger.

When she was done, we had to crawl around every room of the house and worship
her in any way she wanted.  Both of us had to take turns on her beautiful full
butt.  The wife in the bedroom and myself in the bathroom.  We had to give her
our enema bag which she filled and gave each of us an enema and made us show her
our butt plugs to which she inserted afterwards.  We had to get flat on the
floor and worship her feet, which she enjoyed shoving into my wife mouth more
than mine.  She would have us turn over so she could sit on our faces and move
her butt around while we tried to satisfy her.  We were both leaking bad and had
to come soon.

When her amusement was done, she put our panties around our necks and tied a
rope to each.  Come on slaves, it time to go to my house.

We were then led naked by our ropes and panty bondage out the house towards her
home.  Both of us were hoping none of the other neighbors was home yet.

There we were buck naked, tied by a rope and panty getup, and led by a black
lady fully clothes towards her house.   It seemed liked hours before we arrived
and she finally led us in.  We prayed none of the neighbors had seen us but our
sex drive was too far advanced to turn back now.

On your knees slaves, she said, as we walked into the room.  Then the lady went
into another room and returned with her daughter Gayle, an 18 yrs old goddess in
her own right.

These are the parents of that girl that call you names today.  I think it time
they showed proper respect for a black lady.  I'm sure you can find some good
use for the slave boy here while I show this slut her proper place.

Of course, mom, she said. As I watch the mistress tug on my wife leash and led
her crawling on the floor to another room.

Come here and lick my feet white boy, Gayle said.  I immediately complied and
began to worship her feet in earnest.  After about five minutes, I was told to
get on all fours.  She then immediately sat down on my back and had me crawl
around the room while swatting my ass at least 20 times and directing my
movements by my panty lease.  I was made to squeal like a pig while I crawled
and if I failed to squeal to her liking a rough kick to the side was applied. 
When she finally stopped and got off, I was exhausted and just laid there with
head on floor and ass still up in air.

A hard kick to my ass awoke me immediately.

She walked over to the chair and sat backwards with her ass sticking out towards
me.  Get over here and lick my butt slave.

I crawled to my new young mistress and began to please her with my tongue.  My
earlier training with her mother must have been real good because she came
shortly afterwards.  She rewarded me with her pussy to which I complied with
little resistance.  I had gone too far to stop now and accepted my new fate.

By now her mother had returned to the room with my poor wife.  Her hair was tied
in a pony tail and a large black dildo was inserted in her ass with some of her
cut hair glued to it.   Two small bells were attached to her nipples, and she
was crawling directly behind our new mistress with her face in her ass.  When
she stopped, I could hear her licking her ass.

I think we should take the slaves out back and washed them off she said.

Her daughter took my leash between her legs and led me as my wife towards the
backyard.  My face firmly imbedded within her large buttocks.  As we passed by
her mother, she stopped and a large object was inserted in my rear.  Three swaps
with her large black paddle and I was pushing my young mistress ahead with my
face deeply in her rear.


Both my wife and I were bent over Mistress Jan and Gayle lap while they spread
our asses to check to see if they were clean.  Both of us were embarrassed as we
were told to tell our mistress who they belong to while they slapped them and
spread them wide.  We then had to get on the floor while they pulled and twisted
our tits for amusements.  Several kicks to my balls were to remind me not to
come or I would have to clean it off. 

Mistress Jan went to the bathroom and returned with two large enema bags and had
us get on the floor with asses high while she and Gayle inserted the nozzles in
our butts.   The water was extremely warm and Mistress Jan teased us by telling
us she had pissed in each container.  When she removed the nozzles, they
inserted two dildos in our asses and told us to get dressed in the clothes we
wore to their house.

I was barely able to get the pants buttoned up and noticed the wife was having
the same trouble with her pants.  A bulge was sticking out in back from the
dildo as she bent over.

A lease was attached to our necks as we were led out the door to the front yard.  
Both mistresses started walking us down the sidewalk of the neighbor hood as we
tried not to look anywhere but straight ahead.   After about 5 minutes in the
walk, a lady neighbor about 45 years old came out and asked what we were doing. 
The neighbor was a lady the wife hated and always complained about.

Mistress Jan explained to Tina that we wanted to be her slaves and she finally
decided to put us in our proper place.  The wife was trying to hide in back of
Gayle, as Tina was stunned but smiling at the same time.  Mistress Jan told her
that she would demonstrate our slavery and had both of us bent over and show the
bulge in our pants.   We had to tell her we were being punished for wearing
clothes to her house that day and we served them in anyway they wanted.

Mistress Jan told us she could spank our filled asses if she wanted and Tina was
more than willing to agree, as we remain bent over.  She spanked my ass about 20
times ensuring she hit the dildo on the last five and then started on the wife's
bent over butt.  Her slaps were harder than mine were and more was placed on her
plug.  With the last hit, my wife started peeing in her pants to the laughter of
the mistresses and Tina.  She was totally red in the face as Mistress Jan said
since her pants were wet; she would have to remove them to dry out for the walk
back.  Tina laughed and said she would wash them later and bring them over as
the wife removed her pants and panties and shamefully presented them to Tina. 
Tina said I should have to also for not buying my wife diapers and I slowly
removed mine also.  She was still laughing at us as we were led back to the
house will out butts wiggling and plugged.  I'll bring them over about nine she
yelled at the Mistresses.

Don't worry, said Mistress Jan; I'm sure the slaves will pay you back for the
cleaning when you arrive.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





