BDSM Library - The Cheerleader Coach




The Cheerleader Coach
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cheerleader coach goes to an adult book store to get items to get herself off only to find one of her black studies running the counter.  She is blackmailed into submission by her and others as well as having to watch her cheerleading squad follow her decline.  Part 1 of what I hope to be many.
The Cheerleader Coach

Janice Sanders was in her late 30s.  She had been a teacher and cheerleader
coach for going on ten years.  She was well off money wise and had a good
reputation in the local town of Taylor.  She should have been very happy,
except.....

Janice was unmarried and hadn't been laid since high school.  It wasn't that she
didn't have the looks but seem like the guys just got turned off by her attitude
which she probably inherited as a cheer leader coach.  Watching the senior girls
getting undressed in the showers everyday was turning her own and at night all
she could do was masturbate with little relief.

It was late Thursday evening as she drove to the dark side of town.  There was
an adult book stores that had been there for years that she wanted to go in and
pickup something to give her some relief.  She felt that she had planned it well
tonight.  She would arrive around 11:30 when all the school kids would be in
bed, pickup what she needed fast, and get he fuck out before anyone saw her.  As
she pulled in the parking lot behind the store, her pussy was getting wet at the
thought of all the toys she was going to buy and enjoy tonight.

She got out the car and walked to the door and opened it slightly to see only an
elderly black man at the counter.

Good, she thought, walking in and ignoring him.

She immediately made her way over to the plugs and dongs.  Gosh, she needed one
of them now.  She picked up a couple of black butt plugs in different sizes and
a huge black dildo for her cunt which was getting wet at the thought.

Glancing to the side, she saw a couple of videos with black women dominating
older and bigger white women and picked them up also.  Her cunt was on fire as
she looked at the pictures on the cover.  Turning back, she saw a pair of nipple
clamps which she grabbed and headed back towards the counter with her stash. 

As she came around the bookcase to the counter, she saw one of her senior girls,
Kayla standing there.  She almost dropped her items at the sight.  Kayla was a
black girl and a senior in one of her classes.  She had suspended her on several
occasions for disrupting the class.

"Thanks for looking after the store while I was gone," Kayla said to the black
man.  "I'll take care of this woman."

Janice froze in panic as she watched the smile on Kayla lips and the black man
departing the store.  As he exited, Kayla turned the lock.   Janice was still
frozen and red all over as Kayla stepped back up the counter and looked down at
her smiling.

"Well, well.  What has my favorite white teacher brought for herself?" I thought
you were a frigid bitch up to now.  "Come on; put them on the counter so I can
check them out."

Janice was in panic and fear.  She had been caught.  To make it worst by the
girl she had wanted to kick out of school.  She slowly made her way to the
counter on weak knees not knowing what else she could do and laid the items in
front of Kayla.  She tried to look down to avoid the stare of the young girl.

Kayla picked up the smaller of the butt plugs in her hand.

"Well teach, I don't know about this one."  She smiled.  "It seems too small for
such a large ass as you have."  "I think you should try it on to see if it fits
first, don't you."

Janice face turned bright colors of red as anger flared up inside.

"Just check the damn things and let me out," she yelled at Kayla like she was in
her own classroom.  How dare the girl.

Kayla only kept smiling.  Finally for what seem like an eternity she spoke again
as Janice just stood there shaking.

"I don't think so," Kayla smiled.  "The kids in school would just love to see
you on the store camera picking up your toys," she continued.  She was lying but
Janice didn't know that.  "Undress dearly and I'll help you try it on."

Janice was scared to death.  She was on tape now.  Her career and reputation was
destroyed and the little bitch wouldn't surely do it too.  Better please her and
hope she keeps her mouth shut.

Slowly, Janice raised her dress over her head and dropped it to the side below. 
She kept glancing down at the floor as she stood there only in her bra and panty
hose.  She had worn no panties that night.

"What big cow tits you have," Kayla smirked at her discomfort.  "Show them to
me."

Janice reached back and unhooked the bra letting it drop.  Her huge white tits
dropped downward as she became aware of Kayla eyes staring at them.  She watched
as the young girl got up and came around the counter up to her.  Kayla grabbed
each of her tits by the nipple and started tweaking on them as Janice squirmed
from the touch and pain.  Her cunt was betraying her and getting wet despite her
attempts to try to maintain some sort of respect.  A grown escape her lips as it
were starting to excite her beyond belief.

Finally it stopped to her disappointment.

Kayla walked back to the counter and selected the smaller black plug and walked
behind her as she squirmed knowing what was going to happen.  She felt the plug
rubbing up and down her ass crack through the panty hose as her excitement was
building inside.  She couldn't control herself anymore as she started rocking
her big white ass back upon the plug to increase the traction.  Her ass was
moving up and down on it till she felt it removed and then a hand gripping her
panty hose in back and then the hose dropping down below her large white ass.

"Bend over teacher," she heard Kayla say.  "I'm going to shove this plug up your
asshole."

Janice was beside herself in ecstasy and slowly bent over till her head was near
knee height.  She felt the tip of the plug at her asshole entrance teasing it by
slightly moving in and out.  She needed it bad as she tried to push back only to
have it move back with her.  Damn, shove it in girl she wanted to yell.

Ahhhhhhhh.

Kayla had inserted the plug in her asshole with one push as Janice screamed out
in pain and tried to get used to the full feeling in her ass.  She had never
been fucked there and it wasn't the same as when she would shove a finger in it
while she masturbated.  Her cunt was soaking wet as she started to get used to
the feeling and start to enjoy it.

She stood standing there bent over with the plug inserted wiggling her butt to
enjoy the pleasure as Kayla walked back over to the counter and reached in
Janice purse and got her credit card.  Janice didn't resist as she maintained
her position still trying to enjoy the feeling in the asshole as the cash
register began to ring.  She didn't know what else to do as her cunt was on fire
and she needed to rub it now.

"Put your clothes back on teachie," she heard Kayla say from the counter.  You
are going to wear it home tonight and I'll check tomorrow to see if it fitted
correctly.  

She held out the bag as Janice immediately pulled up her pantyhose and grabbed
her dress throwing it over her head.

Kayla was standing by the door unlocking it holding the bag in her hand smiling
as she finally got the dress on and tried to walk with the monster still shoved
in her asshole.

"Have a good night with your toys and we'll see you tomorrow in school," Kayla
spoke to her as she passed by and grabbed the bag of goodies she had brought. 
She felt a slap on her ass in back driving the plug deep inside as she exited
the door and tried to get the car as fast as she could.  She didn't care about
her career at the present.  Her only thought was getting back to her home and
masturbating her cunt.  God, I'm going to cum before I get home, she thought.

Janice awoke late and jumped out of bed in a hurry.  She had missed the alarm
and would be late for her teaching class.  At least it was Friday morning.  Her
asshole and cunt was very sore from the brutal work over she done on them after
she got home from the adult store.  She hastened to wash and get dress and
jumped in the car without thinking of anything else.  Her mind was still
drifting back to last night and orgasm she had.  It had been so long and felt so
good.

She entered the classroom late and noticed Kayla was sitting up front today as
she tried to avoid her stare.  She started her lecture as usual avoiding her at
every chance she could.  She couldn't help noticed that the girl was wearing no
panties and had spread her legs out so Janice could see a dark patch of hair
underneath.  When the bell rang, she thanked goodness that this class was over
so she could spend the rest in the gym with the cheerleaders.  All the kids had
exited except for Kayla still sitting at her desk.  She tried to ignore her and
return to her desk to get her gym bag.

"Did you wear your butt plug today;" Kayla spoke out like a mother talking to
her daughter.

Kayla, about last night, she started to say.

"Hush teachie."  "You will address me as mistress if you don't want the whole
school to know about your escapades at night."  "Now did you wear your butt
plug?"

Janice turned red in the face staring at the defiant black girl smiling back at
her.  She knew she had no choice.

"No mistress", she whispered.

"I told you I was going to inspect it to see if it fit," the girl scorned back
at her.  "You better be at the store tonight at 11:30 or you'll be in more
trouble than you are now," Kayla piped up.

She watched the girl jump up and go out the classroom as Janice just froze in
fear.  Half of her wanted to chase the girl down and beg to be her slave whiles
the adult in her kept rejecting it.

Damn, she woke as if from a dream.  I'll better hurry or I'll be late for my
cheerleader job.  She grabbed her bag in a hurry and ran off towards the gym. 
She'll worry about Kayla later.

The rest of the day was fairly easy.  The cheerleader squad was all white girls
of prominent families.  Janice had selected them because of their parents to
help her climb the social ladder.  She watched them get showered after practice
but couldn't get her mind off of Kayla and her demand to be there that night. 
Her cunt was wet at the thought as she tried to keep it on the job at hand. 
After school, she stopped at a fast food place and got lunch constantly telling
herself that she wasn't going over that night.  The after thought of being
exposed to the whole town and school; however, kept pushing her towards going. 
She just couldn't afford to lose this job and will her disgrace never be able to
get an endorsement for another.  She just sat at the house dreading the hour
when she finally got up and dress and drove to the store.

As she entered, she noticed Kayla was sitting behind the counter with a smile on
her face.

"How you like my new blouse and skirt teachie," Kayla said as she entered.  You
brought it for me with your credit card you left last night.

Janice heart thumped at the words.  She had never thought to ask for her credit
card back.  How could she have been that dumb?

"Teachie did you wear your butt plug?"  Kayla retorted.

Janice panic.  She had forgotten what the girl had told her.  She tried to find
her words.

"No mistress," she whispered.

"Then you will have to buy a newer one," Kayla said.  "Go over there and get you
a plug and make sure it is a bigger one this time since the last one your ass
swallowed up."  "And while your there, pick up that horse whip and bring it to." 
"I'll ring it up for you."

Janice felt like running but her cunt was dripping on the floor as she turned
and headed to the plugs picking the next largest and a horse whip on the shelf. 
She knew what it would be used for.  When she returned, Kayla was standing in
front of the counter.

"Give me that whip and plug while you get undressed teachie."  Kayla told her.   
"I guess I'm going to have to punish you tonight for not obeying me."

Janice hands trembled as she quickly unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra. 
She unsnapped the skirt letting it far below and stepped out of it.  Reaching
back she pulled her pantyhose below her ass and bent over as she had done last
night knowing what to expect.  This time her cunt was drooling with excitement
as the monster plowed its way up her sore asshole.  The pain was a lot worse
than before but she knew it would lessen later as tried to adjust to its huge
size.

"Tonight is your special night," Kayla said, going to the counter she picked up
a handful of coins and opened her hand just in front of Janice face.  "You are
to go to booth 6 over there and put these coins in the machine," she smiled. 
"Be sure to bend over while you are watching and ensure your big ass is sticking
out the curtains."

Janice glad to get beyond the stare of the girl grabbed the coins and started
walloping towards the coin booth.  Her large butt was swaying from side to side
as the plug made it impossible to walk straight.   When she entered the dark
room she put the coins in and bent back so that her large ass was protruding out
the curtain.  She figured Kayla was going to whack it with the horse whip but
she didn't care at the present.

The movie came on and Janice froze at the sight.  There was Linda her prize
cheerleader naked on all fours with Kayla sitting on her back striking her ass
with a horse whip much similar to the one she had picked out earlier.  Janice
cunt was dripping at the sight as she watched Linda crying and yelling with each
hit of the whip.  She was getting so excited at the sight and started wiggling
her own ass outside the curtain hoping Kayla would start whipping it.

As the scene started to change to Linda licking Kayla ass, Janice could hear
several voices behind the curtain.  Fear rose in her mind, but the sight on the
movie was too much to resist as she kept watching.  She could now hear Kayla
outside the curtain.

"See what I told you."  Kayla voice could be heard from behind.  "See her big
white ass wiggling wishing I would spank it."  "Each of you can have 10 swats on
it like I promised."

Janice was pleading in her mind to run but the scene before her was of Linda
shoving her finger up her own ass bend over in front of Kayla licking her feet. 
She felt the first sting on her own ass as she jumped in pain and almost came
herself.

Owwllll.  She screamed.  Then she wiggled her ass again for another.

Owwlllll.

The pain was unnerving but she was close to cumming as she kept wiggling as
strike and strike was delivered to her big ass sticking out.  She was no longer
watching the screen but instead reaching down stroking her cunt in earnest.   
Finally, she came as her ass lowered in back and rapid strikes began to rain
down on it.  Her body shook all over in pain and lust.

She could hear the girls laughing at her for cumming while she was being whipped
and plugged.  Suddenly light appeared as the girls opened the curtain exposing
her.  She glanced back with her hand still in her cunt to see 4 black girls of
her class standing behind laughing at her humiliation.

"Enough for tonight teachie," Kayla finally said.  "Go home with your new toys
and the girls and I will be over to inspect you."  "Is that understood this
time?"

Janice was at a lost for words and totally humbled.  She tried to turn around
and standup at their smiling faces.  Her ass plug was slipping out as she
reached back holding it in and walked as fast as she could back to her clothes. 
She was totally embarrassed and humiliated as they were laughing at her
situation trying to keep the plug while getting dressed.  When she had got her
dress halfway down she made a beeline for the door with their remarks and laughs
still echoing in her ears.

Janice ass was sore and hurting all the way home.  She was close to climax again
from the humiliation and shame she had suffered in front of her students.  She
was so horny at the moment, she didn't' care who they were as she pulled in the
driveway, jumped out and ran towards the house holding her plug as she trotted.

Inside, she jumped on the bed grabbing her dildo shoving in and out her cunt as
fast as she could.  She passed out from her second climax in two days. 

Janice woke up the next morning as sore as she had ever been in her life.  She
stumbled into the bathroom and took a hot shower to wake up.  Throwing on her
gown, she went down to the kitchen and prepared her a cup of coffee.  Despite
her soreness, her cunt was still warm with the thoughts of her escapade the
night before.  She took several sips enjoying the feeling when the doorbell ran. 
Who the hell is coming over at 9 in the morning, she thought getting up and
tightening the robe around her waist.  If it is a salesman, I am going to kill
him, she thought.

Opening the door, Janice was stunned to see the 4 students who had abused her
the night before and her darling cheerleader Linda behind them dressed in her
cheerleader uniform.  She stood frozen as the black girls pushed her aside and
walked in with the red face Linda following behind.  Janice closed the door
hoping no one else in the neighborhood was up yet and turned around to see the
girls all seated on her couch except for Kayla and Linda.  Linda was on her
knees in front of the couch and Kayla was standing up looking at her.

"Does my favorite teachie have her butt plug in," Kayla exclaimed.

Janice almost choked when she heard the words and her face beamed red as saw
Linda look up from her position on the floor.  She couldn't find her words as
she glanced back at the young star cheerleader.  A quick slap to her face
brought her back to reality.

"I said do my teachie have her plug in today," Kayla barked out louder so anyone
in the house could hear.

"No mistress," Janice whined trying to hide her face looking down.

"Remove your clothes teachie," Kayla demanded.

Janice felt the heat on her face as she unhooked the robe and letting it fall to
the floor.  Her ample breasts and cunt was available for all to view which they
were.

"Bend over teachie," Kayla yelled at her.

Janice slowly bent over glad to be relieved of seeing their smirking faces at
her humiliation.  She felt Kayla spreading her ass cheeks in back exposing her
neither hole for all to view.  Then she let them go and Janice felt a hard slap
to her right ass cheek.  She flinched in pain as another and another was being
delivered in continuous moment.  Her ass started wiggling to avoid any blow on
the same spot as the girls were laughing at her plight.  She finally broke down
and started crying begging to please her mistress.  It must have been what Kayla
wanted to hear as she finally quit hitting her large ass.

"Shove two fingers in your asshole teachie and go upstairs and get your biggest
plug and put it in."  She demanded.  "Hurry up."

Janice stood up and reached back shoving two of her fingers in her own asshole
and waddled towards the stairway to the bedroom.  Her face and neck was bright
red as the girl's barked comments about her body as she tried to maneuver the
stairs.    Inside her room, she picked up the biggest plug and tried to put it
in.  It seemed like eternality as the plug seemed too big but she kept at trying
to shove it and stroking her pussy to try to get wet.  Finally, the pop as it
plowed in.  She almost fell down from the stretch of her asshole but grabbed the
bed for support.

Gosh it hurts, she thought stoking her cunt quickly to try to get as horny as
she could to relax it.  She heard Kayla yell from downstairs and knew she better
hurry as she turned around and tried to walk back out.  She felt bowlegged as
walking was really a choir with that big monster up her butt.  She had to use
the stairwell rail to keep from falling.  As she reached the bottom, she saw
Linda in the middle of the room doing some of the cheerleader stunts she had
taught her.  This time; however, she was naked and struggling to maintain her
balance.  Janice could see a butt plug in her ass and a dildo in her cunt as she
passed and was getting wet already looking at the young girl whose mother was
the manager of the town bank.  Linda was sweating all over as the plug was doing
their job in her openings.  She heard Kayla telling the others that it would be
so nice to see all the cheerleaders doing their cheers for them.  She proceeded
on till she arrived in front of the girls.

"I don't think she is doing it right teachie," Kayla glanced up telling her. 
"Why don't you go beside her and show her how it is supposed to be done."

The plug in her ass was really hurting but Janice knew better than disobey.   
She waddled over to the side of the girl still jumping up and down trying to
kick her legs out to the side and try it herself.  As she jumped up and pushed
her legs out, pain shot up her asshole and as she landed it felt like the whole
plug had been pushed all the way up her asshole.  She almost stumbled to the
floor as she tried to jump again.  She could see the black girls laughing at
their misery as she heard Linda dildo slid out of her cunt on the floor.

"Bitch, what did I tell you would happen if you drop it," Kayla yelled out.

Linda was begging for mercy and stood crying.

"Teachie get down and get that dildo in your cunt."  Kayla demanded.  "You
better hold it better than our little bitch here if you know what is good for
you."

Janice reached down and grabbed the cunt soaked dildo and shoved it in her cunt. 
It offered no resistance and she knew it wasn't going to stay in there long. 
She glanced over to see Kayla grab the crying Linda by the ear pulling her over
to the couch area.  The girls had reached in their purses and each had picked up
a small paddle of sorts as Kayla and Linda approached.  Janice started to jump
as she watched Kayla force the young white girl forcefully bent over and picked
up a paddle herself.

Janice watched in awe as the four girls started paddling the girl all over.  Her
tits, ass, and thighs were being slapped by the paddles as the girl tried to
maintain her positions and swinging her hands wildly to block any hit.  Janice
cunt was flowing as the dildo dropped out on the floor.

The girls stopped beating poor Linda as they heard the sound also and had turned
their attention back to her.  Janice froze expecting the worst.  It was sure to
happen.

Kayla told Linda to go to the kitchen and get a plate and fill it with all the
ice in the freezer.  As she walked over to Janice she had a large smile across
her face as Janice shivered in fear.  She felt her reach out and grab her
earlobe and twist it in her grip as she yelled in pain and was forced to bend
over.  Kayla maintained her in this position till Linda returned with the plate
full of ice and was told to sit it on the floor.

"Since teachie has a hot ass today,"  she laughingly told the others.  "I think
we are going to cool it off,' Kayla remarked to Janice discomfort. She felt
herself being dragged over to the ice and with a twist on her earlobe being
force to sit down on it.  Chills ran up her spine as she felt the cold ice on
her ass cheeks and lower cunt opening.  She tried to get comfortable when she
heard Kayla yell to the others.

"Okay girls, its time to beat this cow jugs." 

She felt her hands being pulled back by Kayla and locked up as another girl
grabbed her feet at the same time.  She looked up in panic as the other two
girls approached and yelled as both started slapping her tits with the paddle. 
Her ass squirmed wildly on the cold ice trying to get free as the paddles were
beating her tit black and blue as she yelled for mercy.

Janice squirmed madly on the ice cubes as Kayla held her hands in back while the
other young black girl held her feet.  Her tits were being battered by the other
two girls with their paddles as she screamed out for mercy and promised them
anything they wanted.  She was close to passing out when the girls quit beating
on her large tits as she looked down to see the bruises covering them.  Her ass
was totally frozen but the present pain of her tits were beyond belief.  She
felt her arms and legs being released as she rolled over grabbing her sore
mounds with her hands.

The girls were making remarks about how no boy will want to suck on those cow
tits any more as she squirmed on the carpet trying to get some relief.

"I think the coach knows better than disobey now," Kayla remarked.  She kicked
Janice on her frozen ass.

"Make us some sandwiches cunt," she continued as Janice reached back grabbing
her frozen ass cheeks.  Some of your white pampered cheerleaders are coming over
today and we have a big surprise for their cute little asses.

Janice struggled to get up pondering Kayla words she stumbled into the kitchen
glad to get away from the crazy girls.  Her cunt was no longer wet as the pain
of her tits and ass had silence her lust.  She made some quick roast beef
sandwiches and placed them on a tray dreading going back into the living area.

As she arrived, the girls were all seated on the couch and chairs as Linda was
taking turns licking on their pussies. On the sofa table, Janice could see
various photos had been laid out on the table.  Passing them, she noticed they
were of various photos of her cheerleaders in the shower, john, etc.    She only
wondered for a moment, before realizing that they must have blackmailed Linda
into taking them with a cam or camera that could be hidden.  She grimaced with
the thought of what they were going to do with them till a slap on her right ass
cheek brought her back to her own current situation.

"What you waiting for you old bitch," one of the girls yelled at her.  "Serve us
and you better curtsy as you offer."

Janice felt ridiculous as she curtsy for the first girl who took a sandwich and
drink off the tray.  She had offered the last sandwich as the doorbell rang.

To be continued.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





