BDSM Library - The Ebony Towers




The Ebony Towers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: White couple goes on line and fine a black mistress to own them.  She shows up with her sister and the two black ladies show the couple what slavery is all about.
The Ebony Towers

Cindy and Jack were very happy that they had found an ebony mistress on the web. 
They had corresponded with the woman for two months now sending photos she
directed and obeying her every commands of lewd activities.  Both had decided
that they wanted it for real life.  Their daughter was out of college on her own
now and neither had to work anymore being fairly secured financially.  When the
mistress agreed to come live with them, they were overexcited and fucked all
night long.  Her sister was also coming along to help in their training she
wrote them.

The day of their arrival, both waited nervously at the door.  They were totally
nude with only handcuffs on and leg cuffs the mistress requested they purchase. 
When the door ranged, Jack opened it hoping it was them or they would be
exposed.

Two large black ladies appeared in the doorway.

"Get our bags out of the car white boy," Mistress Darlene told Jack.

They walked in and took a seat on the couch with Cindy still standing nude in
the center of the room.  Neither paid too much attention to her except for an
occasional glance.   They were talking about some woman they had met at the
airport that evening.  Cindy stood still awaiting their command.  Her pussy was
already wet from anticipation.  She was extremely disappointed that they were
ignoring her.  Surely she was attractive.

Jack came back with two suitcases in his hands both fairly large.  His cock was
sticking straight out.

"In the bedroom boy," Mistress Darlene demanded.  "When we come in there, you
better be on your knees with your fuck face to the floor."

Jack proceeded to carry the bags to the bedroom as the mistresses watched his
ass wiggling while he prodded along.  Finally, Mistress Marcie got up and walked
over to Cindy.

"Slut bend over the kitchen chair," she demanded.   "Bend over the back of it."

Mistress Marcy proceeded to get some cord in her purse and tied Cindy hands to
one side of the chair and legs to the opposite.  Her ass was sticking up over
the back of the chair.  Marcie gave her a hard slap on the ass.

"I just love to teach white sluts like you whose boss," she said and reached
down and pulled Cindy tit hard downward.  Cindy yelled out in pain.

"Get use to it slut."  She continued.  "Your ass is mine later after we tame
that wimp ass first."  "We'll be back for you later."

Mistress Darlene and Marcie both left leaving Cindy tied to the chair still
excited.  The bedroom was on the other side of the house as she listened
impatiently for any sounds.  At first there was little noise and then Cindy
could hear Jack yells.  She got excited as she heard his begging and yelling for
mercy and imagining what he must be going through.  She tried to rub her thighs
together to masturbate her pussy in desperation but failed to get enough fiction
to do any good.  As Jack yells were getting lower and lower, she suspected he
was licking their pussies by now and imagined it was her.  Maybe he was tonguing
their asses, she thought.  Oh how she needed something to rub her cunt against.

Thirty minutes went by as Cindy continued to wait.  She would do anything they
wanted she thought if they would only come out here.  Finally, she heard noises
down the hallway and waited her turn in anticipation.  She looked to the side
hoping to see them enter.

As they entered, Cindy was stunned.  Jack was on his hands and feet with his ass
straight up in the air.  Mistress Darlene was walking upright between his legs
with a black strap-on cock shoved up his ass and holding his ass so she could
fuck it while he crawl forward.  Mistress Marcie had a lease around his neck
leading him in.   Cindy could hear the slapping sound on his ass and knew
Darlene was shoving the fake cock to the max in his ass.  She couldn't see his
face down below but saw the stripes on his ass cheeks and knew he must have been
in hell.  Her pussy was no longer strobing as she looked with fear as they
approached.  This was more than she had anticipated and a touch of fear rose up.

Pulling a stool to Cindy side, they made Jack bend over it as Darlene continued
to pound his asshole.  Marcie tied the lease to the bottom of the stool.  Jack
was panting heavy underneath and Cindy could see the dildo was near the same
size as his own cock which she had had in her ass only 3 times before.   She
still couldn't see his face, but his panting was heavy and knew his asshole was
being ripped apart.  She felt Marcie grab her by the hair and lift her head up. 
Both Mistresses was naked as she stared at the hairy cunt in front of her.

"Your wimp husband was no fun," she said.  "He's just a sissy boy to be use." 
"How about you slut?"  "You want to lick my pussy."

"Yes mistress," begged Cindy, eyeing her mistress cunt eagerly.

"No, I think you're an ass licker."  "Aren't you?"  "Tell me you want to put
that tongue of yours in my butt slut."  Marcie commanded.

"Yes mistress."  "Please let this slut lick your ass," Cindy begged.

Mistress Marcie turned around presented her large ass to Cindy view.  Bending
over she started pushing it back towards her face till Cindy nose was pressing
in her asshole.

"Do what white girls do best," she said. "Tongue my ass slut and I better get
excited or you'll feel my belt on that big ass of yours."

In her awkward position, Cindy had trouble getting her tongue to Marcie asshole
but finally was able to reach it and started licking around the rosebud.

"In my ass slut."  "If I wanted an ass teaser, I'll get a boy."  Marcie yelled
back at her.

Cindy started working her tongue in the entrance of her asshole, which was
already loosened, and then inside.  She felt her ass muscles clinch her tongue
as she tried to work it in and out to please her mistress.  She felt a hand on
her ass and knew Mistress Darlene must have come up behind her.  Her ass was
being spread in back as she feared she was about to shove something in it. 
However, nothing happened as the hands left her behind and she continued her
tonguing.

Slap.  Slap.

Cindy felt the sharp pain of a hand on her ass.  She couldn't yell due to her
tongue was embedding in Marcie asshole.

Slap.  Slap.

She withdrew her tongue from Marcie asshole and yelled in her ass from the pain.

"Did I tell you to quit slut."  Marcie commanded.  "Get your tongue back in." 
"If you remove it again, I'll whip that ass of yours till you can't sit for a
week."

Cindy tried to work her tongue back in as the slaps continued on her ass.  Her
ass was stinging in back as Darlene was taking no mercy on her position.  Her
face was pounding in Marcie large ass from the walloping as she continued to get
her tongue back in with little results.

"I don't think she likes your ass Marcie," Darlene said.  "I'll go get my toy
and play with her for a while."

"No, please," yell Cindy trying to get her tongue back in but Mistress Marcie
had already move forward.  She walk over to Jack still lying on the stool with
the dildo still buried in his ass and took a seat on his back.  Jack moaned from
the weight.

"You want to lick my ass, don't you boy?" asked Mistress Marcie.

"Yes mistress," replied Jack in a shrill voice.

Marcie reached down and gripped Jack balls from behind.  "Oink for me pig," she
said, squeezing them hard.

Oink.  Oink.

"See," said Marcie looking over at Cindy disgusted face.  "Boy knows how to
please his mistress."  She gave him a couple of more squeezes on the balls.

Oink.  Oink.

Cindy didn't have time to watch as Mistress Darlene had returned to her side
with a large black strap-on dildo around her waist.   She had one of Jack's
belts in her hand.

"Time to train this slut's mouth," she said pushing the dildo to Cindy lips.

Cindy didn't open her lips.  The dildo was very large and she knew she would
choke on it.

Swish.  Agggh.

Darlene had brought the belt down on the back of Cindy already red ass.  When
she opened her mouth, Darlene pushed the fake cock in.  Cindy was gulping trying
to accommodate the huge object as Darlene now had a good grip on her hair to
prevent her from dislodging it.  She took her time pushing it farther and
farther in as Cindy eyes were about to pop out from the strain of her mouth
being opened that far.

"At least she's a good cocksucker," laughed Marcie.  She slapped Jack ass. 
"Come on boy get that butt of yours moving."  "I need a good ride."

Jack was trying to rock on the stool with Marcie still slapping his ass and
telling him to move it.    The weight on his back was preventing him from doing
much more than shaking his ass and legs in vain.  He was doing the best he could
with his ass already beaten.  Marcie heard a whistle sound and looked up.

"Your slut is peeing on herself," she laughed and slapped Jack ass harder.

Darlene had shoved the dildo deeper in Cindy mouth.  She had lost control of her
bladder choking on the cock.  Both mistresses were laughing at her plight as
Darlene slowly withdrew the cock from her mouth as she gasped for air in
humiliation.

"So excited, she couldn't wait to get to the bathroom," Darlene teased.  "I
think she'll lick better this time." "Want you slut?"

"Yes mistress," pleaded Cindy in desperation and embarrassment.

Mistress Darlene bend down and started untying her hands and feet. 

"Go clean yourself in the tub slut." "I'll be there in a minute to check up on
you."  Darlene told her.

Cindy didn't hesitate to get away as she practically ran out of the room with
her ass wiggling wildly.

Marcie had untied Jack and led him over to the coffee table by the side of the
couch.  Asking Darlene for help, they proceeded to tie him over the table with
his head underneath it and his legs stretched out over the top and tied in back.

"I'll have a cigarette while you check on the slut," Marcie said.  "Don't see an
ashtray so boy will have to do for now."

Jack heard the ladies from above and started stashing around underneath.  He
felt a hard slap to his ass.

"Don't move boy or my cigarette may touch those white cheeks of yours."  She
pointed out.  "I'm going to use your asshole as my astray and if you move I may
shove it up your butt."

Jack stopped moving immediately as Marcie lit her cigarette.  She dumped the
first ashes in his ass as she heard him gasped in pain. 

"I'll be back later," said Darlene watching with amusement.  "I better check on
the slut."  "Probably rubbing her cunt on the john."

She proceeded to the bathroom and saw Cindy still in the tub showering off. 
Pulling the curtain aside, she swatted her ass hard between the cheeks.

"Turn that water off and get out of there, now!"  She demanded.

Cindy immediately turned off the water and grabbed a towel drying off.  She was
almost dry when Darlene grabbed her hair forcing her to her knees by the john.

"Clean my toilet slut."  Darlene demanded.

"No.  Please mistress not that," Cindy yelled, but Darlene grip on her hair
forced her head down to the rim of the toilet seat.

"You still don't know whose boss," she said.  She reached back and started
slapping Cindy's ass hard with the palm of her hand.  "Clean it slut."

Cindy started running her tongue around the edge of the seat cover as she tried
desperately to avoid the swats on her ass.  She had tongue the whole cover by
the time Darlene quit hitting her ass.  Taking a seat on the john and still
holding her hair, Darlene demanded her bitch to eat her cunt.  As Cindy was
tonguing her clit, she teased her by threatening to piss on her face if she
didn't do better.  Cindy was working hard to please.  She was using her tongue
like she used to force Jack to do on her and hoped Darlene would be please.  She
was relieved to feel her cum on her tongue and glanced up at her mistress with
triumph in her eyes.   Her triumph was short lived however, as piss hit her
face.

Ahhh.  She tired to back away, but Darlene still had her hair in a knot.  Some
of the piss went in her mouth but most fell down her chin back in the toilet.

"Now clean it and then wash you face," Darlene yelled.

Cindy went back to her tonguing her clit in humiliation.  Finally Darlene
released her hair and told her to get back in the living room in 2 minutes with
her makeup on.  She put her face in the sink and turned the water on full force
trying to get the smell off her face.  She knew better than be late.

Jack's ass was full of ashes by the time Darlene returned to the living room.

"What did you do with the butt", she asked Marcie smiling?

"I gave him a choice of his asshole or his mouth," Marcie replied.  "I let him
split on it first before feeding him."

"The slut will be back in a minute," Darlene told her.  Then we can have some
real fun.

The woman just sat and talk for till Cindy returned from the bathroom.  She
could tell Jack was cramping up very bad from the position he was in and all the
ashes made his asshole look like a black hole.  She walked to where the
mistresses were sitting on the couch and got down on her knees.  Mistress
Darlene grabbed her chin and holding it tight in her hand spoke down.

"Slut."  "You and boy will always refer to us as mistress from now on."  "You
will do anything we request without question or delay.  "Everything you now own
will be ours and your only purpose will be to attend to our needs." "You will
not be allowed to have sex unless we tell you." Do you understand slut." 
Darlene asked pressing tighter on her chin.

"Yes mistress."  "Slut is here to please mistress."

Marcie slapped Jack hard on his ass.

"What about you boy?"  She demanded.

"Yes mistress, boy is in to serve your needs."  Jack screamed out.

"Good."  Darlene responded.  "Slut clean Mistress Marcie astray before it spills
on our new carpet."

Cindy crawled over to where Jack was bent over and started lapping the crack of
his ass to clean the ashes off.  The mistresses watched in amusement as Jack
cock was getting large from the tonguing in his ass.  When it was clean, they
made Cindy untie him as he lay on the floor trying to get the cramps out of his
back and thighs.

"Slut, prepare us a drink."  Mistress Marcie added.  "Boy get over here and
tongue our feet."

Cindy immediately got up and went to the kitchen to prepare the mistresses a
drink while Jack crawled over and started worshipping the large black feet
before him.  The mistresses were discussing plans for their new slaves when
Cindy arrived back with a tray of two glasses.  She bent at the knees before
each mistress as they took the glass and told her to put the tray back and
return.  Quickly she did as requested and returned to her position on the floor.

"Boy toy is doing such a good job on our feet; I think he should be rewarded." 
Mistress Darlene told Cindy.  "Slut get behind him and milk his cock with your
hand."

Cindy moved to behind Jack and grabbing his cock started pulling it up and down
like she was milking a cow.  Her cunt was soaking wet wishing the mistress would
let him shove up her cunt for relief.  He came very quickly as the mistress
laugh at his poor lack of control and made him crawl back and lick it up from
the carpet below.

"Crawl here slut and pleasure our cunts."  "Mistress Darlene said."  You have
five minutes to make each of us cum or you'll be punished for being worthless."

Cindy immediately crawl to the nearest mistress Marcie and started lapping her
clit in earnest.  She was panting hard trying to get the larger black lady off
and finally managed but with only one minute left.  Crawling to Darlene, she
tried to make up time but without result as Mistress Darlene yelled at her how
worthless she was and she would just have to punish her.  She told her to walk
to the nearest door and bend over which Cindy did without question. 

Her wait was not long as Mistress Darlene returned with rope and tie I around
her neck to the doorknob.  She then tied behind her knees and same and her
ankles keeping her firmly planted with her face to the doorknob and her ass
pointed out in back.  She left her for a minute and then returned behind her. 
She felt her ass being spread and then a cold object at her asshole entrance.

Owlllllll.

Whatever the object was, it had been roughly shoved deep in her asshole.  Then a
slight withdraw and something liquidly was shooting up her asshole.  She didn't
know what it was till she heard Marcie tell her to shoot all that dishwasher
soap up her big ass.  She started feeling a tingling and burning sensation in
her asshole as Mistress Darlene kept squirting the body till it was totally
empty. 

"You better hold it if you know what's good for you."  Mistress told her pulling
the bottle out quickly as Cindy yep and tried to tighten her asshole as tight as
she could.  She felt her ass cheeks being spread again and another object there.

"Ohhhhhhh.  Shit."  She yelled.  She squirmed again the door side trying to
relieve the pain.

"That carrot should hold it in for awhile."  Mistress Darlene laughed.  "You
better not shit it out slut."

"She'll be shitting bubbles for weeks."  Mistress Marcie was laughing.  "We may
have to start calling her bubbles."

"Boy."  Darlene yelled.  "Get your white ass over here and lick my cunt.  You
have one minute to make me cum."

Jack crawled over as if processed and started lapping her clit.  She was already
near climax and had little trouble getting her off.

"Why don't we take boy outside and have a nice little piggy ride while we look
around there."  Marcie suggested.

"Love to."  Darlene replied slapping Cindy hard on her ass cheek.  "Don't lose
that carrot slut."

Cindy remained frozen holding her ass cheeks as tight as she could.  She heard
the ladies laughing kicking Jack's ass as he crawled outside. Darlene suggested
they find something to stick out of his tail to make it more real as Cindy heard
the sliding glass door close from inside the kitchen.

She needed to shit as she cliched her ass cheeks as hard as she could.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





