BDSM Library - Short Stories by WolfenDom




Short Stories by WolfenDom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Collection of short stories by WolfenDom 

  ...Surprises... 
  
...you coming home after a very long day of the usual 
frustration and feelings of normalcy...the house is 
darkened and you just drop off your purse and take those 
annoying ear rings out of your ears...slipping out of those 
uncomfortable shoes... 

...you hear a quiet movement behind you...and my words, 
"shhhh...don't move"...you know it's me, and comply... 

...I come up behind you, telling you in a whisper to be 
still, 
don't move one muscle...and I softly touch the nape of your 
neck with my breath...warm...and my lips...ever so soft... 

...and you instinctively flinch, but I tell you again to 
stay still... 

...and then I begin, slowly, with the gentlest of 
touching... 

...soft kisses along the back of your neck, under your hair 
as I lift it away from your skin...nuzzling your ear...with 
a nibble, from only my lips...my tongue lightly touches 
your earlobes... 

...your nipples harden...and your breathing begins to tell 
me that you're feeling very aroused...rather quickly... 

...I tell you to put your arms over your head...and when 
you do I gently attach leather wrist cuffs to 
them...holding them in my one hand while I let my other 
hand trace your lips, your chin...your eyelashes... 

...gently I lead you to a wooden post in the far end of the 
room, an eye-hook with a climber's carabiner attached up 
about seven feet where I leave your wrists, secure and 
fixing you at a place where you're now mine to enjoy more 
to my satisfaction...I always enjoy seeing you like this; 
your arms so slender yet toned; your legs, athletic and 
well-muscled at the calves; your waist slender, inviting 
anyone to admire that firm tight ass you have; and those 
breasts of yours...ahhh, so well proportioned with the 
nipples now so hard I can see them jutting from your 
dress... 

..."shall I just slice these clothes off of you, so you'll 
know how much I need to touch your soft warm skin?"...you 
shake your head, but don't say a word...you know how I love 
to have you like this...silent yet compliant and willing to 
enjoy whatever I want to have of you... 

...I open the curtains to the large window in front of you, 
knowing how you're always self-concious in moments like 
these, but in time, you forget all about the chance of 
someone seeing you like this...you're totally engaged in 
what's happening at the moment and have no regard or care 
for anyone or anything else...the soft flickering glow of 
the candles around you illuminate you so sensuously to me, 
and give you that look of being captive, incapable of 
anything but what is waiting for you inside my 
imaginations... 

...I move to your dress, unbuttoning all the buttons down 
to the very bottom, and soon you're in your thong panties 
and wonder bra, the way I like to imagine you when you're 
away from me...the bra unsnaps and your ample mounds of 
incredible pleasure are free now so the dark nipples can be 
touched, wound inside my thumb and forefinger as I increase 
the pressure until you moan...making you let me hear your 
sounds as you know I love to... 

...the thong, so luminescent in its satin purple with the 
candles giving it a surreal look of shimmering teasing, I 
have to cut off...so with my sharpest hunting knife I slip 
the blade out of its scabbard, drawing it down under your 
heaving breasts, across your nipples now screaming to be 
sucked so hard, and over your tight stomach..."Is it sharp 
enough for my precious girl tonight?"...I smile as you nod 
your pretty luxurious hair approvingly...and with a turn of 
my wrist the razor sharpness is inside your spaghetti strap 
and with another quick snap I render the garment useless to 
covering your mound of pure hedonistic pleasure...the thong 
falls to the side, still clamped by your tight little 
ass...with a grabbing of the fabric in one hand, I drag the 
dull edge of the knife blade up the small of your back as 
you gasp, thinking I may have incised your ribs with a 
careless movement...as your wide gorgeous eyes gape in 
questions to me, I smile and cover your succulent lips with 
my own and deeply kiss you back into a state of utter and 
relaxed pleasure, again awaiting whatever it is I may have 
in mind for you... 

...now properly naked in my presence I walk away, leaving 
you to open your eyes and strain to see if someone may have 
stopped outside and peered inside to see just how much of a 
slut you are, posing for them as you're doing 
now...goosebumps roam over your fine body...and from a 
distance I just watch you, sitting in a favorite chair and 
admiring your absolute gorgeousness, letting my entire 
being absorb you... 

...I catch you looking over your shoulder, trying to find 
out where I must be, and my smile completely covers my face 
as I know you're ready for more and insisting I do 
something about it... 

..."Now, now precious girl...you know you're not to do 
anything without me telling you," as I bring a flat hand 
rather sharply across her ass making her yelp and jump all 
at once...taking her hair in my hand I bend her face back 
towards me...her breathing is quickened now, and with the 
other hand I smooth across her stomach to the wonderful 
juncture of her groin, feeling the pouting wet lips of her 
expressive pussy, so warm and immediately responding to my 
nearness with a small eager thrusting for me to enter 
her... 

..."You are such an absolute slut, you horrible little 
creature"...and with another smack of my hand I pull her 
hair harder, whispering into her ear, "It's not your pussy 
I want this fine night...at least not for now...I want to 
enjoy how tight your ass is for me first."...and with a 
final smacking that has to really hurt, I tell her to move 
her legs so wide, for I want to put the spreader bar in 
place, after she slips on her 6" heels that I've brought in 
for her...I place the shoes, nice and shiny black, in front 
of her and she maneuvers well enough so that with the least 
effort on my part, she's donned the sexiest shoes I've ever 
enjoyed on any woman... 

...the spreader bar in place, she's now at just the right 
height for my concrete-hard cock to finally get its dessert 
for the moment..."I bought you a new toy today, 
slut-fest...it's a wonderfully shaped black vibrator that 
you may find to be a bit too big for your small pussy, but 
I think you're wet enough now for a barge to jam its way in 
if needed."...Loosening my pants, and taking my cock from 
inside my boxers I slide back and forth under her soaking 
wet cunt, getting so much of her lubricating juices on me, 
it seems a shame I just don't jack off in front of her so 
she can see how aroused she makes me, just by being here... 

..."you are wanting something very hard and rough tonight, 
aren't you my baby girl?"...she nods and with a rough 
jamming into her tight pussy I shove the long appendage of 
this black-looking cock well up into her, again bringing a 
rush of shock and excitement from her mouth..."shhhh you 
little she-wolf", as I smack her hard again on the 
tightness of her ass, loving the smoothness of her skin, 
the warmth of her being so aroused, and the pleasure of 
knowing...she's all mine... 

...without wanting to be troubled with making the vibrator 
move, I switch it on, attaching straps around her, much 
like a jock strap so it's held in place...driving her 
absolutely crazy with carnal excitement..."Don't you dare 
cum, you whore, for if you do before I say you can, you'll 
be wishing you never ever gave me permission by your birth 
to have you here tonight."&nbsp;She was totally taken by the 
strength of the vibrator sending her up on her toes as she 
tried to shake it loose before she failed to keep my 
orders...it was totally pleasing to me to see her so 
frantic in trying to get that schlong out of her before it 
was too late... 

...grabbing her by the hips, I told her to be still, and to 
make sure she was further impeded with this maniacal 
bucking I place nipple clamps on her hardened rocks and let 
the chain attached to them go around the wooden post so 
that further excitement on her part would be rewarded with 
some rather painful biting into her luscious nipples...I 
wanted her to let me see this...so I started telling her 
what I had in store for her...how I wanted to bring her out 
like this in public, so others could see how much of a 
sex-slut she was, offering anyone who had to desire to use 
her young whoreflesh for their own decadent pleasure...this 
only condemned her further into giving away with an orgasm 
that had been building since I first touched her right 
after she came home...she came...and she came with an 
orgasm that completely took me by surprise by the 
animalistic strength it gave her as she tore herself off of 
the clamps, slamming her body into the post as time and 
time again she stifled screams with moans of such 
degenerate pleasure...whoa...that was some potent stuff for 
my slavegirl...good things the clamps didn't have alligator 
teeth in them to hold fast... 

...keeping with my mystique, you know...I had to render 
some appropriate punishment...and just as she was finally 
coming down to earth again from her incredible display of 
decadence, I moved behind her and with the vibrator still 
going strong, I slushed my steeled shaft under her dripping 
cunt, wiping her flowing juices all over and around my 
meat, and with one disgusting shove I impaled her ass to 
the hilt while she finally could no longer hold her screams 
inside her and wailed to the four winds as I pounded inside 
and out of her precious tight ass, holding her tits in my 
hands now as I dragged her down while I went up with my 
cock, now devouring her for its own needs of conquest... 

...the vibrator did its intended work for me too...as the 
distance from her cunt to her ass, inside of her is so 
thin...I felt the sensations of it equally as powerful as 
she did...fucking her like this would have to become a way 
of life...it was so damn good I hated not thinking of this 
before...just like her giving me a well-oiled hand-job with 
a vibrator, except this was way better in every sense of 
the word... 

...I pounded her harder and harder..."Tell me how you like 
this baby...tell me how you want this big cock of mine to 
ravage your tight ass and make you beg me for it from now 
on"...she was lost now in her complete abandonment of any 
sense of morality..."Yes, yes...ohhhhh...yes...fuck me, 
fuck me fuck me...so hard...yesssss...ahhhhh!!!"...she goes 
again into fits of orgasmic explosions as I squeeze her 
tits so tightly against her chest and with a growl that had 
to instill fear in cavemen I spewed my huge load of cum all 
up into her ass...filling her full of my seed...and as I 
jacked off again and again up inside her, I said..."My 
precious little slut...oh, yes...you are my finest little 
whoregirl ever"...I left my thick meat inside 
her...smoothing my hands over her wet body, covered with 
sexy sweat-sheen...the smell of our fucking all over the 
place...the red light of the camcorder still promising to 
give me many memories of the first time I put this two-way 
fuck to use for my pleasure alone...and found out she 
didn't mind it one bit at all either... 

...her face was covered with sweat...I turned her head back 
towards me and with tenderness mixed with a desire for more 
in just a little while I kissed her deeply again, mingling 
my tongue into hers...telling her with just that movement 
that I adored her completely, and she was mine... 

...as limpness did its duty for my sprocket I let it slowly 
slip out of her along with a small glob of spunk that hit 
the floor...leaving her again to attend to my own needs, I 
took the robo-vibrator out of her spent pussy and let her 
lick off her own juices from it before I put it back into 
its case, locked away so that only I could decide when and 
if she'd get to enjoy it again... 

...normally she'd be doing all the maintenance here, giving 
me such a nice blow job, expertly learning from me how to 
give me the ultimate pleasuring from her mouth and throat, 
and eyes...but seeing the time, I had to get going... 

...finally taking her wrists down off the post, I told her 
to clean up all the clothes she'd littered the floor with, 
and take the toys back to the locked closet where I kept 
all of her paraphenalia of pleasure...quickly she sanitized 
the place, and coming to me on her knees she waited for my 
next instructions... 

..."Hurry up and get a good shower in...your brothers will 
be coming home soon and they think you're to be their 
exclusive fuck-fest this weekend."...with a smile in her 
eyes and a sweet kiss on my cock, she looks up into my eyes 
and says simply..."Yes, Daddy"... 

...copywright 2001... 

WolfenDom 
WolfenDom
 Particpant/Witness
The instructions came by courier...you are to meet me at a certain location,
  you've never been
  before...Knowing my way of enjoying your surprises, while you learn more of
  my way as a
  Dominant Male...leading you selectively into the pleasures of submission...you
  immediately feel
  the arousal of your lips, engorging with sweet blood, as the nectar of your
  juices seep into
  your sexy new panties...ordered by me to be worn today. Your nipples harden
  responsively,
  pushing against the soft silken lace, just low enough to expose the lovely
  darkness surrounding
  them, and their erotic power if that sheer blouse were removed.
Taking only the directions with you, finding the chauffeured car, just where
  it should be...you
  open the door to see an enormous black man at the wheel, resplendent in his
  immaculate uniform;
  just as the huge limousine is as well, elegantly appointed with every convenience.
  Assuring
  you that it would be him, I have included not only his picture, but one of
  the car with license
  plates verifying as well, to remove any anxiety you may be feeling...so far...
You slide in, along the soft leather seats, soothing your body as the car
  moves away...the
  windows becoming darker...as a soundproof partition glides to isolate you from
  the driver.
  Just as you feel the need to ask, a tape comes on, soft music as a prelude
  to my familiar
  voice, deep, calm, and absolutely sensual. &quot;Hello my Precious Girl...I
  want you to know of my
  pleasure that you have willingly allowed me to relish these past weeks, and
  how I adore your
  submission, your willingness to become even more immersed into this way of
  being.&quot; The smile
  crossing your lips is earned, as the plans for this evening are further exposed.
&quot;The car will bring you to an older, stately mansion...along the bluffs
  of a river, overlooking
  the canyon and beautiful forests beyond. The chauffeur will escort you to the
  inside of the
  grand hallway, on into the enormous rooms where he will then leave you to yourself,
  just
  within a suite of rooms resplendent in comfort, lacking nothing for your most
  exclusive
  desires.&quot;You settle back into your secluded chariot, enjoying the delicious
  fruits provided
  for your hunger, light and sweet...as you are. 
  What seemed like a few moments, actually was a span of two hours, as the immense
  car swiftly
  covered more ground than you imagined. The immense size of this place awes
  you as the windows
  lose their darkened tint, and reveal night has come, incredibly beautiful on
  this warm summer
  night. Finding everything exactly as it was indicated, you roam the suite...finding
  all you
  ever imagined for your comfort...and pleasure... 
&quot;I see you've found the toys...I selected for you. Will you be a nice girl...take
off those
  clothes for me...so seductively like you do...and let me watch you...?&quot; Startled,
  you look to
  see a camera has been following you since you entered. &quot;He probably hasn't
  had his 'eye' off
  of me, since I entered the car!!&quot; Knowing his pleasure in watching, she
  moves so sensuously
  as music fills her senses, enveloping her to an arousal she never knew before...in
  front of
  this camera, recording her every turn...she senses a primal urge to be viewed
  as the prey she'd
  become...welcoming the instincts of this man, she craves. Taking the post of
  the large,
  canopied bed...she slid her legs around it, bending back to let its knobs...rub
  against her wet
  clit...the panties soaked...she takes them off along with the bra, revealing
  a body hard,
  toned...and exquisitely gifted...On top of the bed...she reaches luxuriously
  stretching her
  long legs...opening herself for a wonderful close- up of her swollen, wet lips...as
  she returns
  with a large, purple vibrator...wide at the base, with balls that look more
  like melons...her
  hands free to entertain her firm breasts, licking her nipples as she slowly,
  seductively slides
  onto the thick barrel of the shaft...again...up...and down...deeper... deeper...
  each time.
  Finally, she quivers in long, hard shudders, grasping the shaft as the orgasm
  rips through
  her...shrieking with pleasure, the erotic sensations of this entire experience. &quot;My
  god,
  girl...I had to do myself, just watching you!!!...I can't wait to have you!...get
  into the
  bath!...wash yourself completely, and in 30 minutes...come to the outside of
  your door with
  only the robe you'll find inside the bath. This night is going to be especially,
  a 'hard' one
  for you now!&quot; 
  Smiling that inward glow, as all women know they are blessed with the immediate
  ability to
  arouse the men of their species, she slips off the rumpled satin spread and
  pads quickly into
  the bath, as instructed ...her firm ass bouncing just so, as she knows the
  camera is still on
  her...and wll be when she closes the door too. 
&quot;What does he have in mind...he's mentioned a dungeon...and me knowing what
ower and command he
  would have over me, but now...what did he mean...'especially a hard time now'?
  He does have
  that gorgeously, thick and oh, so long cock...the veins so prominent...and
  he uses it like a
  maestro...playing my body like no one has ever before.&quot; 
  Indulging herself amidst the warm bubbles of the immense tub, large enough
  for four at least,
  she remembers the sound of his voice, earnestly demanding her attention to
  serving his needs,
  and without teasing the cameras &quot;too much&quot;, she towels dry, smoothing
  herself entirely with the
  fragrances abounding there, and with a last look in the floor-length mirror,
  she fluffs her
  luxuriant hair above the collar of the terry-cloth robe, and quickly moves
  to open the door.
Standing outside the door is an enormous man, completely covered in black
  leather, except where
  his eyes indicated he could have been the chauffeur...not knowing for sure
  since she didn't get
  a real good look at him before...and certainly not now. Saying not one word,
  this goliath
  turns and heads down the long corridor, with her scurrying to keep up with
  these massive
  strides he's taking. Into an elevator...they descend...down...down...down...and
  when it
  stops...he speaks, &quot;Leave the robe here, turn around, while I apply this
  blindfold to cover
  your eyes.&quot; Shocked by this almost cold, uncaring tone, which absolutely
  invaded her sense of
  decency, knowing this would be part of the night made her tense, anxious...at
  just what was
  ahead. In the briefest of mental exercises, she concludes her &quot;Master&quot; was
  completely in
  charge of everything so far, and judging on his thoroughness, she should do
  as instructed. The
  robe gathers at her feet in a soft, warm clump...as she turns away from her
  escort, not
  allowing him to see her body. With exercised precision, a blindfold is draped
  securely over
  her head, removing her eyesight, and she knew her nipples immediately jumped
  to alertness. 
&quot;How will I know where to go?&quot;, she asks...genuinely. &quot;With
  this&quot;, she hears the deep
  resonating voice of her giant...and he slips a choke chain over her head, causing
  her to react
  in a jerk...feeling the immediate tightness around her neck. Moving her hands
  to free herself,
  she is caught in a massive vise, as he says...&quot;Be still, you are to have
  these straps wrapped
  around your wrists, and your arms are to be in front of you...NOW!!&quot; Absolute
  silence, not
  wanting to even breathe, she offers her wrists to him, just as she feels the
  jerk of the
  leather as it circles her arms...tying her wrists into an almost uncomfortable
  knot. The door
  is opened and she smells the dankness of the place...&quot;The Dungeon!!!&quot;...she
  only dares
  scream...inside her head. &quot;Where is he??!!...doesn't he know how terrible
  I feel now??...is
  this the idea he had for me...to be treated like a tramp by this monster of
  man??&quot; Nothing
  would soothe her dread, as she stumbles to keep up with him...pulling at times
  to keep the
  tautness of the chain from squeezing her neck so tight...only to be met by
  a tug, that would
  almost send her tumbling ahead...she began to cry...not wanting any more of
  this idea of
  pleasure. Finally...they stop...she almost running into the back of Godzilla...&quot;Lay
  back 
  on this table&quot;...she moves as he leads the chain...&quot;Put your arms
  over your head&quot;...quickly
  they are there...as she feels a latch snapping shut, securing her arms tightly...allowing
  no
  movement as they squeeze against her face. She feels the chain loosen around
  her neck...giving
  her once again, the freedom of breathing normally...except for her breasts
  heaving, as she
  fights this demon of panic rising inside her...each minute worse than the last... &quot;Spread
  your
  legs&quot;...oh my gosh...the tears come freely...wetting the blindfold, but
  not being seen outside
  this restraint...she moves her legs apart...as she feels a spreader rod attached
  quickly with a
  likewise snap of a latch...absolutely insuring her that resistance is impossible...and
  whatevertheheck he had in mind...she was not going to enjoy it...not one bit...and
  he'd damn
  well know about it too...as soon as she got any chance of making any decision
  at all about her
  welfare. For now...she just lay there on that cold slab...and as her giant
  left, she could
  only be grateful he does not allow himself any small freedoms with her ever-so
  vulnerable
  body...aware just now of her nipples, still as hard as rocks, and more than
  anything she would
  have imagined...she knew the juices between her legs have already run onto
  this table!!! How
  humiliating to know you felt so miserable and all your body could say was &quot;Fuck
  me!!&quot; An hour
  passes, maybe two...the table once frigid has at least absorbed your warmth...making
  some
  things better than they were. Almost without any warning...her head jerks to
  attention,
  hearing something, as the remaining senses quickly accommodate the lack of
  vision, in what was
  an obviously threatening environment...except those nipples and that pussy
  couldn't be more
  ready to have some action...&quot;Stupid cunt&quot;...she never knew they had
  a mind of their own.&quot;There
  was someone coming...more than one!!&quot;... and as they rounded a corner
  she could tell that
  another woman was crying desperately for something...absolutely hysterical
  with panic...and
  from the sounds of it...being dragged along the stones more than she could
  get up and
  stumble...The panic was immediately electrifying...as they enter the room...heavy
  wooden
  door...shuts the entire world away...from this crazily tortured soul, and whoever
  had her.
&quot;Please...please...oh, please...I'll do anything you want--anything you
say...no matter
  what!!!...Please do whatever you want to me...just don't let it happen...don't
  let it be
  done...I'm not trash!!!...I'll never refuse Him again...never act as if I don't
  crave and love
  for Him to be my Lord and Master...please, please, please...help me...don't
  let them do this to
  me!!!&quot; Straining to avoid what she couldn't anyway, her reflexes naturally
  tried to allow her
  to escape this terror, just a foot or so away...&quot;Heh, heh, heh&quot;....&quot;HIM...the
  Giant!!!...&quot;Oh,
  Lil' Miss High and Mighty...ain't forgettin' how you acted towards John and
  the res' of my
  boys...ever sinceyou came, you always too proud to even notice us...just lik'
  we was somethin'
  you couldn't associate with...Now look atcha...telling me you'll do whatever
  I want...just so I
  don't let my boys all fuck ya, spoiling you from ever again bein' good enough
  for Him...Ya
  see...ever time you gave us the cold shoulder, not even decent enough to look
  our way...we been
  awaitin' for this very moment...to get that blonde hair of your's all over
  our thick, hard
  cocks...and let you swallow all three of us...at the SAME TIME!!!&quot; Hearing
  him slap her, it
  wasn't clear where he hit her...but it was more apparent whenhe slung her over
  the table,
  across her own hips...like she wasn't even there...and told her to keep quiet,
  while he'checked
  her out'. Hair cascading to cover her pussy, she felt the tears drop onto her
  stomach, asshe
  also felt the shudders of pain, as this poor wretch was prodded, poked, and
  slapped...feeling
  ahuge paw reach under and move the dangling, full breasts off of her, as she
  could almost &quot;see&quot;
  the pain twist this one's face into a 
  mask of misery, while her nipples were practically stretched and pulled to
  tearing off of her
  heavy breasts... &quot;Hmmm...for an uppity bitch...I may just think of a way
  you can help ole
  Johnhere get rid of some of his own tensions...an' if you good enough...maybe...and
  I
  ain'tpromising one thing...but maybe...if you reallygood at what I needs...then
  I could see fit
  to give you a slip out the backgate and letcha have a start afore my boys find
  out you gone.&quot;
  Yes, oh god yes, thank you, John...whatever ...whatever I can do for you...whatever
  you want me
  to do... anything...let me know...I'll do it...please...please...&quot; Tears
  fell again, as she was
  yanked by the hair, back off of her...standinga foot away...facing John. &quot;Tell
  you what,
  bitch...you...suck my cock...and do it for all ya's worth...cause if you ain't
  gagging on my
  cum in ...hmmm....30 seconds after I say go...deal's off...and you...get more
  than one cock to
  worry 'bout then.&quot; &quot;Yes, please...oh, yes...thank you, John...thank
  you&quot;... she shudders,
  being pulled off of her waist and legs and being led to the end of the table
  where her legs
  were spread wide...Tying this one's wrists to her own ankles, she feels the
  giant at the edge
  of the table, making this one's task more difficult as he stands to the side...her
  head to
  twist awkwardly and just as he pushed her onto the stones, her knees taking
  a bruising by his
  roughness...&quot;Look at this bitch ...take my cock out and take a good look
  at yo next meal...&quot;
  Hearing the leather pants unzip...you could almost feel her eagerness at servicing
  this huge
  man...&quot;Ha, ha, ha...now that ain't whatyou been used to having slide up
  yo tight body...now is
  it??&quot;...With nothing but, &quot;No Sir&quot;...escaping her lips...John
  says, &quot;NOW!!&quot; and lets her hair
  loose as rams her head down onto his huge cock...like a piston...again and
  again...harder, the
  sounds of her sucking so loud as she slurps and groans, ignoring all but getting
  this massive
  cock to hurl its wad deep down her throat...eager like she's never known...this
  black monster
  spearing her each time she dives on it again... &quot;15 seconds&quot;....so
  wet...frightened...feeling undeniable waves of pleasure building between her
  own legs...so
  aroused...beginning to move her hips...hoping for something...anything to make
  this same
  incredible animal passion release you...squirming now...you hear... &quot;20
  seconds&quot;...this one
  sucks...her blonde hair swirls as she pumps this cock again and again....barely
  able to breathe
  as it fills her throat... breasts,full and bouncing against your foot...as
  she is
  frantic...swallowing his juices...madly ramming herself, punishing herself...incredibly
  eroticized she has lost the ability to mask this welling inside her own loins...twisting
  with
  her own strains of pleasure, knowing the crescendo builds to a molten pitch
  soon, so very soon,
  inside her own stoked inferno...she ceases to care of whoever knows...she's
  about to
  cum....straining against her own bonds, incited with the sounds, smells, and
  feeling of bodies
  earnestly in heat, she pulls tightly...stiffening...as the moans, the wildness
  of this sucking,
  slobbering...mouth straining, tongue lashing...up and down this huge, enormous
  cock...as
  thepower of this instant collects... &quot;5............
  4.....ohhhhhh......geeeezzzzgirl............... 3............... ah...ah...ohhhh
  .....ohhhhhh............2....................ahhhhhhhhh ohhhhhhh..........
  1.............unnnnnnhhhhhhhhh...............ahhhhhh....................god
  ...
  god.....ahhhhhhhh............0.............................................
  ...
  ................ ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.........taking his huge, massive, wet
  stiff cock out of
  her tortured mouth, as he shoves her head away.......he grabs onto this monster...and
  with huge
  jags of creamy, white cum...bursting all over her face, hair and breasts..........&quot;Din't
  do it
  , bitch....ya din't do it...in time&quot;......as he pulls again to make sure
  the last bit of his
  load hits her in the eyes. Oblivious to all around her, she came with an incredible
  shudder of
  an orgasm
  that tore her inside out, with her body contorted as much as it ever as...twisting
  to have
  something, anything give her that firmness between her legs, that would topple
  this wave
  entirely..... Nothing there...except when his hand dropped onto the table...
  precisely between
  her legs....&quot;Ahhhhhhhhhhhh......Ohhhhhhhhhh........
  Unnnnnnnnnnnnhhhhhh....Ohhhh.....Ohhhhh.....Ahhhhhhh....Ohhhhhhhhh....&quot; &quot;Damn...done
  forgot
  'bout yo lil white ass...while this bitch here was sucking her heart away...making
  ole John
  smile like a catfish!!!....But, bitch...you din't do it...din't do again what
  you needed to do
  to keep yo fine self in all yo glory....Now...I gotta keep my word...and get
  the boys in here
  to take care of business... like they been wantin' to do for a very....long
  time...&quot; Not
  hardly a sound is heard...as she is forced up...bending at the waist...still
  strapped...her
  wrists to your ankles...as the table, extended reminds you of a doctor's examination
  table...but it is almost to her thighs...not quite...a ball gag...slipped over
  a sore
  mouth...hardly caring anymore...and the door opens again...&quot;Come on in
  boys...just like I told
  ya she'd be...ready and willing...&quot;.....She senses one positioning himself
  under this worn-out
  misery, between her legs, roughly shoving her wide apart...his back actually
  across the
  spreader bar attaching your ankles so open and vulnerable... Feeling the strength...anxious
  and
  brutal...she knows the blonde is drug down onto another hard, greedy cock...and
  just like her
  own reaction, this one's pussy is wet with the instinctual link between the
  bodies erogenous
  zones...helping the process, that much more, as he quickly begins to thrust
  up into
  her....lifting her, as the wrists pull against these ankles...until another
  is heard....by a
  loud crack of a huge hand against soft flesh...no words...only the cry of surprise
  from the
  exploited...as another passing hand slaps a tight, ass with a little lubricant
  to let one more
  hardened cock push into her with no concern but its own pleasure....with moans,
  grunts...and
  the fullness of the smell of unbridled fucking, the poor girl's breasts bounce
  as the two cocks
  get into unison...pumping inside her as if she's to be split wide open...this
  slave...fastened
  to this table, incapable of resisting... finding her own misery in the fate
  which is
  her's...and still her body gives away to these animalistic beasts the natural
  pleasure her
  pussy and nipples can not refuse...as she moans...in a deep, guttural feeling
  that rises up
  from within...her head lifting...back arching to let the angles of access be
  pleasurable...and
  within moments of this assault, she is responding to each thrust with a groan
  of pleasure, that
  again makes our blinded witness feel her own... ...John...sees the juices streaming
  from her
  fresh pussy...so hot and alive it is...squirming as the hips again ask for
  some
  attention...moans accompany the tight nipples...breasts moving with each shock
  of the fuckfest
  at her feet... &quot;Ummm....lil girl...you need John to help you get that
  lil cunt of your's off
  right now, too??&quot;... &quot;mmmmm mmmmm&quot; ,she can only allow as she
  knows in her head the scene
  layed before her how nasty and humiliating it is for this one...but...at the
  same time...her
  body is screaming for some release which is so cruelly denied...with the bonds
  so tight and
  restrictive...the bar so denying her legs...and all she can do is keep hovering
  in her orgasmic
  misery of release...&quot;ah....yes...my fine lil trophy...you can be good...and
  let your hot, wet
  cunt rub up against my long, snake of a tongue...as it laps yo pussy up and
  surrounds that
  hardbead of yo clit like a python....would you like a lil tongue action...fine
  lil cunt? You
  want to be a lil nasty with John...maybe even find out what this feels like
  up inside you
  too?&quot;...as he drops his huge cock on top of her breast, she can't help
  but be more excited and
  hungry for sex...anyway, anyhow ....Unable to say a word...he continues to
  taunt...as she knows
  he can bring her to anything he wants...misery, ecstasy,
  humiliation, degredation...and as she keeps building this explosion between
  her legs...she
  iswilling...anything...anything....&quot;mmmmm .....mmmmmm....... yessssss
  ..... please......
  yesssssss&quot; &quot;Alright...fine lil thing...hold onjust a minute...let
  me drag this huge monster off
  yo tight hard nipple...and see what you look like up close...down at yo hot,
  squirming pussy.&quot;
  ....The blonde has cum...over... and over again...not at all caring how she's
  fucked...just
  that she needs more and more of what these two will give her...slaps on her
  face, being pulled
  down with huge grips in her hair, as she's sucking their cock...twisted nipples
  as they ram up
  into her pussy or ass from behind; great smacks of pain she's loving as they
  slap her ass to a
  bright red...cum draining down her legs, dripping from her face...her breasts
  ...she is
  absolutely lost in this world of being used like an animal, a whore, fucked
  like a
  machine...degraded like the bitch she is...and ...loving it...cumming like
  never
  before...asking, begging for another cock...in whatever hole was last left
  vacant...milking
  each thick root of all it has each time, sure to finish it all....her mind...lost...maybe
  forever, in an orgasmic fog of pure sensual excitement and delight...addicted
  to this feeling
  of humiliation, degradation, exposure and most of all...these stiff, cocks...commanding
  her
  nasty body to cum...on demand...as they unload their balls over and over again,
  deep inside her
  hot, slick, tight body. Having used absolutely all of their cum for one bitch...the
  two who
  have had her for over an hour, laugh to themselves...and kicking her off of
  them...knocking her
  back to the stone floor...with direction from John...untie her from the spreader
  bar...her
  wrists once again free...and taking the choke chain lying nearby, they put
  it over this one's
  blonde, cum-soaked hair...and lead her, as quiet as a fawn...out the door...laughing
  as to how
  they &quot;really fucked this one up.&quot;....taking her to their own homes...to
  use for pleasure, for
  money...whatever she's good for...awkwardly swaying and stumbling behind them...the
  naked
  blonde...cares little for anything, anymore...she knows her place and is glad
  of it...never
  again thinking of what is no longer of any relevance to her...she is a bitch...a
  filthy,
  cum-sucking cum-fucking whore... deserving only cum for her meals...if she's
  good enough to get
  that. Alone...once more...just as she was brought in...escorted by John...the
  room is
  quiet...again...as he left apparently with them...oh...so hot for so long...and
  now needing,
  egging, pleading for him to give her whatever he chooses for her own cunt to
  explode...rushing
  over her body like a swollen river...plunging her in and out of a frenzy long
  overdue to be
  satisfied. Nothing...no sound...nothing... She must have dozed asleep...not
  realizing the
  stupor of sleep which slips in...for in an instance, she bolts rigid, forgetting
  the straps
  andbar holding her...as she feels a deliciously talented tongue... languishing
  alongher
  clit...stroking in muscled contortions along her lips...pushing her legsfurther
  apart...she so
  soon retains that hover she had thought gone before...hips moving that pussy
  to meet
  him...letting John have all of her...not wanting anything more than to feel
  his huge cock...so
  deep inside her....&quot;ohhhhh&quot;....she moans.....&quot;ahhhhhh.....yessss.....please
  yesssss......ohhhhmmmm....unnnhh.....ohh....yessss....do me.....lick me.......fuck
  me......please...yesssssss.&quot; Her joy returns asshe wiggles her ass to
  let him have full access
  to her cunt...wanting all that he'll give her....ready to ask for his cock...in
  her mouth...her
  ass...her pussy...as she feels this huge orgasm bursting inside her with almost
  no
  warning....erupting like a geyser...as she screams....so loud and so powerfully
  inside that
  stone tomb of decadence...as this tongue keeps coaxing more and more of her
  to unleash all that
  pent-up passion so needing to be freed...and she rips the tides of
  pleasure...again...again...over...and...over.....every 30 seconds...a new one
  crashes on her shores...arching....screaming....contracting against the spreader
  bar....pulling
  against her wrists so tight....arching her back as her ass comes up off of
  the
  table....crashing...back again...this tongue....riding inside her lips like
  a cowboy on a
  bucking bronco.... nothing she's ever known is anything close to this....and
  as she's able to
  catch her breath...the shudders still coursing through her body....she is thinking
  to thank
  this huge monster of a man, John....
&quot;ohhhhh....baby......geeez.......never.....known...anything...like that.....oh...
  ....J---&quot;....&quot;Well darling...I told you it was going to be a very,
  very ard night&quot; &quot;Oh, my
  god!!!!! HIM!!!!&quot;....she is shot with a jolt of realizing thatit wasn't
  John...licking her
  pussy...giving her this huge orgasm and now...almost without knowing...she
  was about to worship
  John....when it was Him!!!!....&quot;Oh, baby....oh....oh....oh....I can't
  even begin to tell you
  what this entire night has meant to me...Please...let me loose so I can sit
  up and be with you
  again...I have no idea how long I've been down here.&quot; &quot;Relax, Precious
  Girl...the cameras have
  recorded it all...and it was overnight...for sure...the sun is just coming
  up...but
  now...shhhh...don't get ready too soon to get loose...this cock of mine has
  been denied all
  night long...and now...it certainly deserves to ride that hot pussy of your's
  while I hold
  those hips, lick those breasts...and kiss that sultry, salty mouth of your's....but,
  I will
  take the blindfold off, so you can enjoy for once, seeing this room.&quot; with
  the blindfold
  removed, it was actually a huge room, indicated earlier by the echoes as the
  screams of passion
  had caromed off the ancient stone walls. And as she smiled at her Dom...this
  wickedly perverse
  man who had taken her naivete and exploited every sensual passion of her mind,
  and
  body...shegave herself willingly...as his cock thrusts deep...and long inside
  her still-
  starved pussy. Her eyes closed...she let both of them enjoy their individual
  postures....her's
  the slave...his the master....and as she began to cum again, arching herself
  to open up to her
  Master in all that she is...she opens her eyes, turns toward the ceilings,
  and behind a two-way
  mirror whose usefulness is compromised with the sun rising and shining brightly
  through windows
  behind...she sees John...above, inside what must be the camera room...and as
  her master slams
  into her...again, and again...she smiles, and mouths....&quot;thank you...&quot; to
  this huge black
  stud...as she willingly wants him watch her being fucked by this master who
  she willingly
  serves, however he chooses. 
copywright '98... 

The following is as close to the truth as I have ever written. I did the 
obvious, to allow the confidentiality of the participants, but be assured 
this is more of a factual account than it is one to generate any tantalizing 
imagery. Do enjoy it as you read along and know this is happening today, in 
the US of A.
Breeder
My early evening stroll carried me further among the wings of the compound, 
  away from my comfortably appointed office area. I enjoyed this time of the 
  day, when things were winding down peacefully, and the real persona of the 
  girls could be more enjoyed, as the instruction phase was over. This time, 
  prior to the evening meal, was personal time, just as they preferred to spend 
  it. the sanctuary now housed several young girls with that rare opportunity 
  of enjoying their sexuality and its enormous potential. Because of the 
  intent here for pure sexual freedom as submissives, all of the cultural mores 
  had been stripped from their thoughts and consciousness. As sexual creatures 
  of immense needs, they relished this particular time of the day when the 
  scheduled regimen allowed them to explore their own bodies with the approval 
  of their mentor, me. 
This walk led me to the cloistered confines of the cells where the girls 
  lived. As my boots made their familiar clicking sound of metal, leather, and 
  stone connecting from my ascension of the spiral stairwell, I heard the 
  gorgeous utterances of moans coming from one of the newer novitiates. I 
  stepped further towards her open door, as nothing is kept from me here, and
  I 
  witnessed her in the throes of utter pleasure as she was obviously enthralled 
  with pleasuring herself by means of her own hands. Only 19, blonde, 
  brown-eyed, firm and tanned, she had only a wisp of material over her 
  shoulders, as her knees were supported softly by a pillow, and she was 
  intentionally in full view of the courtyard outside. A sheen of glistening 
  sweat covered her firm breasts, resting so high on her chests, nipples hard 
  and upturned. Her eyes were closed as her mouth was opened, drawing her 
  breaths in between the shudders of her orgasm. Fingers of both hands were 
  attending to her shaven lips, clit, and pussy, with her arms squeezing her 
  tits together that made me instantly aroused. She let her hands work along 
  with her hips as she simulated being atop a man's cock, forcing her wet pussy 
  to engulf her hands again and again. I could tell she had delighted in her 
  g-spot being rubbed as she almost toppled over in her amazingly powerful 
  rapture. Almost parallel to the floor, her nipples actually grazing the cold 
  stone in front of her, she jerked again, then again, moaning with absolute 
  abandon. When she only then opened her eyes, saw me standing there, her 
  Master, with my cock hovering above her, so erect and dripping my own juices, 
  almost pointing to the ceiling, she smiled a soft self-conscious grin. Then, 
  just my eyes were telling her what her pleasure was next to be, not a word 
  needed to be uttered.
Motioning that her hands were to continue this touching she had enjoyed, she 
  raised herself up on her pillow to bring her gorgeous face within inches of 
  my throbbing, full, hard cock. Velvety smooth, the head of my cock glistened 
  in the sunlight as if it were of satin. The skin, so tight around its shaft, 
  was laced with bluish veins, still pumping more blood into this member of 
  pleasure. This anticipation of her pleasing me was making it even more 
  rock-hard as the anticipation of what was to come caused a drop of my clear, 
  pure juices to dribble over onto her chin. She tried to catch it with her 
  sweet, pointed red tongue, but it passed on down to where it also dropped 
  over onto her chest, between her soft, globes of warmth and intrigue. With
  a 
  nod, she enclosed onto the softness of my cock's head, instantly moaning, 
  feeling its excitement inside her warm, wet mouth as her tongue softly traced 
  and caressed the neck of my cock giving me that immediate gasping of air, as 
  I put my hands softly into her golden tresses.
She knew how much I loved this from my girls, and she was also much better 
  than most at knowing just how to please a man with her skills. Her eyes 
  looked up at me, as she slowly, deliberately positioned her head to take 
  inches of me inside her swirling heat. Never taking those wondrous big brown 
  eyes off of mine, she took me soon into the back of her mouth. Relaxing her 
  gag reflexes until she had to break eye contact to allow my cock to impale 
  the very back of her throat, she began to even work those muscles around my 
  thick cock, squeezing and releasing me by those very talented muscles alone. 
  My hands gripped her hair now with an even more urgent strength, as my hips 
  began to slowly pull my cock from the depths of her throat to the edge of her 
  lips, enjoying every inch of this girl's mouth. Her breathing was deep once 
  more, as she knew I would push again, and she would likewise, till this spear 
  of mine impaled her once again, to its limit. Controlling the tempo, as I 
  preferred, I could gauge from her insistent tongue and breathing that her 
  fingers had again aroused a rushing of the waves that were building without 
  pause inside her body. Catching the urgency of this creature's needs, my 
  cock though, began a venture all its own inside her slickened mouth. Feeling 
  the cum inside my balls begin to make their journey from the now tight 
  leathery pouch of my balls, I took her hair into knots now...as my needs 
  overtook this concern for her timing. With shudders again causing her to 
  moan and throw her head deeper toward my hips, my own situation caused me to 
  likewise use her head as a cunt and face-fuck her with a vengeance now. Hot 
  and steamy, the glistening sweat drained from her body, as her wet hair now 
  remained in my clutches as I shoved my cock once again down into her open 
  throat, the spunk slamming with an animal's lust deep into her body. Over 
  and over again she moaned as the thrashing of my legs, hips, and arms totally 
  took on their own expression of this lust-fuck. Her own hands thrust inside 
  her hot cunt so deeply, as she stretched her lips to the limit, roughly her 
  knuckles running over her clit in this same desire for this hard, cold 
  fucking that I knew she wanted.
My hips and grip continued to pump her mouth with the jags of cum that jerked 
  from my cock's head. She swallowed so greedily, knowing not to lose anything 
  I offered her of me. Just as I felt the ending of the contractions of my 
  balls, she began to swallow the last, but as my cock moved once more, a bit 
  of sperm escaped as the seal she had made around my thick shaft was broken. 
  I smiled down at her opened eyes, pulling her head back to look fully into
  my 
  face...and with a touch of my fingers, I wiped the drop of cum onto the 
  swollen head, and let her smile coincide with the cutest lil lick of the 
  remainder of my gift for her. 
 She is marvelous, more than any novitiate to date has shown of absolute 
  servitude with a passion that is expressed in her essence every hour of every 
  day. Her personal story was one I think you'll like to know. 
  
  Her mom married her step-dad when she was 5 and he had always told her he 
  married her mom so he could get to her. She became his slut. 
  At first she just showered with him, but when she was 8 he started coming to 
  her room at night. She used to pretend to be asleep when he came in. 
  At first he would spread her legs and lick and finger her tiny pussy only, 
  and 
  it actually kind of frightened her only a little, but yes... she did begin 
  to enjoy the attention and eventually began to crave the sex and the 
  attention even more. 
 Her mother didn't find out until she was 12, and by then they were 
  having sex everywhere on the ranch. Inevitably, she got pregnant...her mom 
  found out when she was 6 months along, as her pants didn't fit anymore. 
  Her mom called her &quot;his whore&quot; and left, but she always thought,
  however that 
  it was her mother's excuse and her way of escaping. She never felt her 
  mother wanted her, anyway, that she was basically a burden, and like so many 
  children, any attention was far better than none. 
 She still lived with him, still had sex and a daughter was born. 
  Her step-dad was partial to her breast milk which is why he wanted her 
  pregnant to begin with, he says. He bedded her in his bed at night to 
  relieve himself of his own sexual needs and to suckle himself from her 
  breast. Then, she returned to her own room when he was done.
  
  Another particular favor she loved to give him was knowing that he was 
  filming every time she submitted to the other men on the ranch, and that he 
  could see it for himself on the cameras that were always monitoring the 
  stalls in the barn. She would pose, stretching so sexily, tied in chains 
  while the ranch hands would find time in their day to have her among the 
  animals, and straw of the barn floor. Sometimes with her collar, buckled to 
  a horse lead, she'd be tied to a swivel, her legs spread, cunt so wet, as a 
  flogger or crop would have her begging to be fucked, screaming to be fucked 
  so she could cum like the breeding slut she knew she was. She loved having 
  him watch her either alone or with others through cameras in their barn. He 
  taught her to masturbate when she was 10 and she hasn't stopped since. 
  Having him see her so aroused with another or just masturbating for him kept 
  her pleased as she lived to serve him.
 Usually, she was fucked mostly by the guys that worked around the ranch,
  but 
  she has been used as barter with their butcher for some choice cuts of meat. 
  On a few occasions she was the main course for the ranch hands and their need 
  for group sex. The first time was when she was 7 months pregnant with her 
  first child, and her step-dad had her bring some beer down to a card game 
  they were enjoying. Drunk already, when she came in with the beer, he lifted 
  her shirt to show them her tummy, being so big for such a little girl. 
  Eventually her shirt came off and she ended up giving them all blowjobs while 
  her step-dad looked on approvingly. 
 Most of the time she had more than one find her in the barn or somewhere
  on 
  the ranch and they'd stop her from her chores to have sex with her. She 
  learned a long time ago never to say 'no' to them when they wanted to be with 
  her, so it was easy for them. Once she denied her step-dad, was dragged out 
  of the house, tied naked in the barn for two days, and brutally fucked 
  whenever he chose to use her. From then on, she understood her priorities. 
  It was from those two days though, that she found her passion, 
  submissiveness, BDSM style. 
Only the ones who were full-time ranch hands could enjoy her charms, not the 
  day labor or weekend help, and there were 6 of them not including her 
  step-dad. Usually, during any week, she is taken three or four times by the 
  hired help. As a result of years of this environment, she masturbates 
  thinking of being tied in the bunk house for days, used by all the guys... 
  more than one at a time...swimming in their cum...drinking it...letting it 
  ooze out of her pussy and ass...oh yes...she wanted that so much, but she was 
  too shy to ask them to do it to her. She loved it so much when they just 
  come up to her and start to unzip their pants or feel under her shirt, and 
  she just let them completely control her. But she could never ask, that was 
  not her choice, in anything. Her purpose was to be available for breeding. 
  
  She has had 3 children and loved making him happy and proud of her. She 
  knows this may sound hard to believe, but she only knows for sure who her 
  first child's daddy is. She is not sure about the other children since she 
  had sex with others and her step-dad loved the thought of them possibly 
  making her pregnant. He didn't care, for it excited him even more that she 
  was a breeder for him just like one of their mares. She nursed her children 
  and loves them, and it doesn't matter who the daddys really are.
  
  Her step-dad called a nurse he knew from Vietnam, when she was first 
  pregnant because she was only 12, and he didn't want her to go into a 
  hospital. So she had her first child at home. When she was not pregnant and 
  when the nurse said it was all right to have another baby, her step-dad 
  wanted her to do every man under the sun. However, she always had to come 
  back to him immediately so he can feel their cum inside of her and inspect 
  her, just as he would a horse.
This blonde creature loved the idea of this ritualized offering, which made 
  her feel special, in getting pregnant again. When she had been seeded and he 
  knew she was pregnant his face would light up, beaming, knowing his use of 
  her was again fulfilled.
Sadly though, she ached to sleep a full night in his bed, having him hold 
  her, adore her, but she always returned to her bed when he finished with her. 
  She couldn't bring herself to ask him to let her spend the night, afraid of 
  his anger towards her. He would tell her to leave his room, yet she enjoyed 
  that he suckled her full breasts, often falling off to sleep as her own 
  babies would.
  
  This sexy, blonde girl ached to be tied at night at the end of her step-dad's 
  bed, and have her ass high in the air. Sleeping with her shoulders on a 
  pillow and her arms inside her legs, wrists cuffed to ankles to make sure she 
  was spread wide to be taken whenever the desire hit him, for once she would 
  want him to have her tight ass, just to let her feel that need he had for her 
  to serve him as his bitch, his slutslave.
She lived this existence from the time she was 5, and now at 19, her step-dad 
  suddenly was taken by a massive heart attack; the ranch dissolved, and none 
  of the ranch hands would take her as their own, still in homage to the man 
  who had created that world for them all. Word finally reached the town 
  nearby, and when that happened her world was vaporized in the stroke of 
  simple fate, and his death. She was alone, and soon the social services took 
  the children into &quot;temporary&quot; care at various foster homes in the
  area. That 
  is how she came to me. Broken, totally alone and in despair, she had no 
  place to go until she stumbled across my web page, and found that indeed, my 
  provisions were far more than she could have enjoyed anywhere else, and my 
  understanding of her needs for slavery were the precise security she had 
  always known. She was brought to the sanctuary a month ago, and is 
  progressing well. When she's ready to depart this place the placement will 
  certainly have that priority that she'll have her children back with her, as 
  she finds a Master to replace the one she lost so suddenly, the only man 
  she'd ever known as a father/lover/master.
My precious morsel rapidly has adapted to the environment here, and if there 
  isn't a suitable Master to be found by the time her training is over, then 
  she'll remain with me for another three months. At the conclusion of a full 
  six months at the sanctuary there will be a mutual agreement as to her 
  servitude here, to me, with her children kept nearby, in a secure home, so 
  that she can at least have some semblance of the only life she's known. 

copyright '99
  wolfendom@yahoo.com

It was time to show my exquisite creature off...and what better way than at a 
BDSM club...her totally unaware of what was to happen...an actual story, as 
my slave relates it in her own perspective 
Public Viewing
...My Master informed me of an outing he had once considered with me,
  yet until now, he thought i wasn't deserving of such
  pleasure...Mystified, i wonder...i have served him totally now for 3
  months, and he had not shown any certain degree of disapproval...just
  what i considered his methods preferred in allowing me to understand him
  and his desires for me...i was willing to do and be anything he
  mentioned...any fantasy, any demand, any desire he cared to experience
  with me...anything...
...Three nights later, he instructed me to adorn myself with a certain
  favorite perfume...my hair sexily up on top of my head...so my neck
  could be tickled by those few dangling curls he loved to taste, tug on
  with his teeth, when he kissed me softly and ran his hands over my more
  than willing nipples...hard stomach...and that special &quot;triangle of
  light&quot;, as he calls it, that occurs when i am standing, keeping my legs
  together, just below my always available pussy...
...Collar and wrist cuffs in place...my usual attire...he blindfolded me
  with a soft silky scarf...i love the feel of the blindfold being
  placed...i am otherwise completely naked, firm and toned from my daily
  desire to keep my body as pleasing for him as possible, in every
  respect...With my wrists cuffed behind me, i follow him appropriately
  from behind as he leads me with a short leash attached to my neck
  collar...to my surprise, he is taking me outside...into his car...and we
  drive for some time...stopping in the city...for the sounds have kept me
  somewhat aware as to at least what the surrounding may be...he leads me
  into a building, then a room...there are others there, the sound of a
  bar possibly, a gathering place...not loud and boisterous, but public
  just the same...he undoes my hands and places me facing an apparatus
  where my hands and fastened out to each side, above me...my legs are
  fastened open also, spreading my legs wide, almost to the point of
  pain...
...i feel my body, my alert nipples, firm stomach and moistening cunt
  pressed tightly against this rough wooden apparatus while he moves his
  body against me from behind...i feel the coolness...and his warmth at
  the same time...and i feel his hands touching me all over...his breath
  on my neck...he knows i instantly respond...i hear muffled voices then
  too...close...but i am unable to discern words...i hear *click*!..the
  sound of a camera shutter!...all of a sudden i feel something brush
  along my nipples...i feel fingers touching them now...i hear the voices
  closer now but i am still unable to discern them, how many, how
  close...i am feeling different touches to both my nipples
  now...pinching... sucking... licking... touching...i feel Master
  pressing behind me still...still touching...now another *click*!...&quot;oh,
  my god&quot;...there are thick fingers now touching my pussy...rubbing my
  wet, so slick and so hard clit...thin fingers sticking inside
  me...several at a time, pulling my lips apart, pinching them too...my
  nipples still being played with and touched...he moved back away from me
  and then i felt his flogger upon my back!...*whack* *whack*
  *whack*...over, over and over again...he began somewhat harshly, more
  than he usually does at the beginning...and then continued to cover
  every inch of my shuddering ass...*click*!...my straining legs...as my
  nipples and pussy were occupied i found myself awash in sensation...some
  intense...some gentle...and arousing...i could feel someone's finger
  touch my asshole now...as i was being touched by others this finger
  delves into my asshole making me squirm though i could not move...he
  now...thank god... whispers into my ear how helpless i am...what a
  slutty lil slave i am to enjoy what is happening to me with so many
  witnesses seeing my depravity and whorishness...now he presses up
  close...closer...and i feel his hard cock now pressing against then into
  my tight asshole...*click*! ...so soft yet so firm...into me...into
  me...soooooo deep...fucking me now slowly...then with a complete abandon
  like an animal...this huge beast seared with primal lust...holding my
  spread hips in his strong hands so roughly...until i screamed, bucked
  out of control against the bonds and against those others who continued
  their pleasure with me...and came so hard and
  fast...*click*!...*click*!...their fingers never stopping their
  manipulations....i could also, with complete joy, begin to feel his
  passion build inside his gorgeous cock until i felt that inevitable
  certainty of his hot creamy cum shooting deeply up into me...his body
  pushed into me... surging into me...loving my body in its own special
  way, slick, thick and oh, so hard...he kisses me now gently... touching
  me softly all over...telling me what a good girl i was...so beautiful
  and so deliciously sexy in my submission to him...and for my pleasing
  him so, whispering again...he's going to honor me with a ring to be
  pierced throught the outer lip of my slick wet pussy when we return to
  our home...he unties me soon... massaging me all the time from the
  stiffness of my body...and we then leave this very special room, this
  building somewhere in the city, as quickly as we came...my blindfold
  never allowing me to really know all there was about this wicked place
  of pleasure...
As i'm writing this now...i can't help but tug slightly at the small
  bell attached to my new ring of servitude, down there at my tight and
  enslaved pussy, my reminder of ensuring that his pleasure is my reason
  for existence...and also thinking, &quot;God how i love that room!...i wanna
  go back!&quot; My wonderful Master knows this too...
...copywright '99...
Author's Pen Name: WolfenDom
Fan E-Mail Address: wolfendom@yahoo.com
Title of Story: The 9th Hour
Suggested Category: BDSM/Spanking
Abbreviated Keywords: M/f; Master; slave; sadism; branding; splitting; 
  imprisonment
The
  9th Hour
It was one gorgeous, sunny afternoon; the air so crisp as the first clean 
  hints of the autumn approached. Just the sort of day that makes you want to 
  enjoy the outdoors and soak in all the warm rays from a brilliant, blue sky. 
  She just had to get outside and enjoy a drive with the top down on her new 
  red convertible.
The last few months had been a studied focus on her making sure her health 
  was primo, her body gorgeously tanned and firm. With her natural beauty and 
  looks, she so wanted to just be outdoors to stretch her long sleek legs that 
  seemed to never end and wear some of the sexy lil shorts and a top she just 
  loved to tease men with. She decided...&quot;Enough work for today, I owe it
  to 
  myself to enjoy this one for what it's worth.&quot; And with that, she turned 
  slightly in the mirror, admiring herself, and headed out the door.
Greeted with that wonderful feeling of nature, as she closed her front door 
  and headed for the car, she squinted slightly in the bright sunlight. Taking 
  her sunglasses down now and over her beautiful blue eyes, her gaze wandered 
  along the tree-lined avenue, glad she chose to take the day off so much now. 
  Her long blonde hair, now below her breasts, seemed caught up in the breeze 
  as if nature itself was wow'd with her sexiness. She slid behind the wheel, 
  knowing how potent she was for the looks from men, and backed out of the 
  driveway and started down her quiet neighborhood street. 
Arriving at a stop sign out toward the more bustling side of traffic, she 
  turned right to make her way towards the beach. Slipping a favorite CD in by 
  the Indigo Girls, it couldn't have been a better day, as she picked up the 
  tune and began to sing along. All too soon, her mind was shaken into another 
  world, an entirely new experience.
She was aware immediately of the motorcycle policeman behind her, having the 
  automatic cringe to check her speed and make sure her seat belt was fastened. 
  As quickly as she knew she was all right, the blue light on back of the bike 
  came on with the siren, and her mouth opened as she knew he meant her. 
  Pulling slowly over, and just down an empty side street, her mouth was dry
  as 
  she was totally clueless as to what she might have done. He parked his 
  motorcycle directly behind her, and in the rear view mirror she watched the 
  crisp navy blue uniform, white helmet, ray-ban sunglasses, and black leather 
  boots approach.
&quot;Ma'am, may I see your insurance and driver's license?&quot; She fumbled
  in her 
  purse, heart racing, palms sweaty, and meekly held her identification out as 
  she leaned over to get the insurance papers out of the glove compartment.
&quot;Step out of the car, Ma'am and move towards the back.&quot; Breaths
  of shock ran 
  into her lungs, unable to speak, lightheaded...all she could do was wrestle 
  with the seat belt, and have cold fingers pull the handle of the door up, as 
  she slid her legs over onto the pavement, her nipples jutting through her 
  cotton top from absolute panic.
Glancing only briefly at this helmeted, hidden man who towered over her at 
  least 6 inches, shoulders broad and tight under his starched uniform, she 
  didn't feel her feet even move as she took two paces, he touched her elbow 
  and had her face the trunk. The image of that gorgeous afternoon immediately 
  crumbled into the darkness of that supercharged, terrified moment...nothing 
  was noticed, except suffocating blind fear.
Facing him, he motioned with his head and black-gloved hand to turn around, 
  face the car. He tapped her white sandals with his right boot, indicating for 
  her to spread her legs. Touching her in the middle of her bra strap, he 
  ordered, &quot;Bend over; put your hands up wide on your trunk, Ma'am.&quot; Tears 
  dropped off her cheeks and she bit her bottom lip to keep the trembling from 
  showing. A deep sob shook her body, but she froze immediately when his 
  large, gloved hand covered her left shoulder as his right patted just under 
  her right arm, fingers stiffly violating the soft flesh of her right breast.
Proceeding down to her small waist, he stayed with his meaty hand over her 
  hip, fingers curling, flexing as if he was motioning her to move back towards 
  him. Frozen...the tears ran off her high cheekbones onto the gleaming finish 
  of her car. His left hand now began to fondle her body, not at all 
  businesslike as the right side of her felt; taking its time, assured she 
  would not move. The long legs trembled as he slid his strong fingers 
  deliberately over her nipple...lingering, making sure she felt an 
  unmistakable pinch. She heard him grunt some approval, as if he were 
  inspecting a side of beef. He came to her waist, and with a cupped hand 
  firmly slaps her hip, as if he'd known her for years. Knees crackled as he 
  began to squat; his left hand around, towards the front of her thigh, right 
  hand juts up under her crotch like a hatchet, gloved finger smacking her 
  pussy. The sound of well-treaded tires and a powerful engine suddenly fills 
  her ears, and comes up behind both of them. The hot engine smell reaches her 
  mind as the ignition is turned off, and both doors almost in unison open and 
  close. Heavy duty police cruiser.
Energized all over again with adrenaline, shivers run up her spine as her 
  arms begin to tremble from the drawn-out search tactics. The bike cop, pops 
  his knees again, as he throws out a breath of frustration, and stands up. 
  Heels click on the hot black asphalt as she's flanked now, just out of her 
  peripheral vision with two more brooding monsters. Sensing them, her 
  breathing stops once more. Blonde tresses cover her face from the sides.
&quot;We have a warrant for her arrest; 'afraid she'll have to come with us
  down 
  to the precinct.&quot; Breaking, the first guttural sounds escape her throat. 
  Sobs...deep, jerking sobs.
That right, gloved hand pulls her roughly to a standing position, instep of
  a 
  right boot pops her leg above the ankle to close towards the other. &quot;Put 
  your hands behind you, Ma'am.&quot; Breasts firm; the sweat that's formed between 
  them is cooled as a breeze again caresses her face. Vise-like grip of a hand 
  over left wrist draws her arm behind her...*click*...cold steel squeezes into 
  her thin arms....*click&quot;...right wrist quickly seized and snapped too.
Pulling her back into him, she gasped as she felt the pressure of a straining 
  crotch touch her fingers thrusting up into her manacled hands... 
  imperceptible, except to her...and him. Spinning her around, she's within 
  inches of the sunglasses, still unaware of whose eyes bear into her. Such an 
  evil grin spreads as his white teeth show the carnivore, leering at its prey. 
  He comfortably looks down at her breasts, firm and high, and perky, and with 
  a slow grin rotating up again, his low growl keeps her motionless and pliable.
An impersonal push of his muscled right arm moves her over to the side of
  the 
  cruiser and in a few seconds, head covered with a heavy glove, she's into the 
  back of the gleaming white police car. The smell of cigarette smoke, old and 
  new, leather, equipment, radios...sight of the wire cage...hood of the car 
  gleaming through the bug-spattered windshield as the three officers briefly 
  discuss the matter. Chuckles rudely insisting her predicament is grave. She 
  repositions herself onto the seats, away from the door. Soon tilted by the 
  swaying of the heavy car as two giant officers again mount their positions
  up 
  front, the slamming of their doors denies that the outside world exists.
Tears dropping again over the dried ones from what seems like weeks ago, she 
  sees the brute on the right look back into her eyes and just smile, that same 
  evil sort of grin she'd seen the predator reveal. Before she managed to find 
  her voice and ask what this was all about the massive machine pulled out and 
  heads down the side street with amazing acceleration. Her head lowers as she 
  hoped she'll have some idea soon to make this all a very, very bad dream.
Blocks away, within perhaps five minutes of meandering streets off of the 
  main drag, she recognizes the local precinct building with it's governmental 
  cold construction. A small alleyway delivers them into a concrete courtyard 
  surrounded by more harsh brick, and the car quickly is heeled to a stop, as 
  the two almost immediately are out. One at her door reaches in and 
  manhandles her to stand on the ground, the other ascends four steps to ring
  a 
  doorbell/buzzer outside a stern steel-grey door. In no time flat, she is 
  swallowed inside the maw of the precinct hive.
People, civilians, policemen, all sorts explode upon her solitude. Hardly 
  noticing her, all within their own needs at the moment, she only glimpses 
  ashamedly into the eyes of a few uniformed officers, as it's too apparent 
  that her nipples are still erect and teasing under her small top. And even 
  more provocative are those shorts barely covering her cheeks now from her 
  sitting in the cruiser. Passing into her, as tightly as the aisle of a movie 
  theater, her breasts are brushed, hips bumped as one strong direction 
  continues to march her forward into the maze of hallways, doors, and offices.
A huge, black, steel-enameled door with a barred opening at face level, 
  funnels the sounds of captives, prisoners, criminals from the other side. 
  Looking in terror to her escort, the keys jingle, slide in and turn the large 
  bolt. Swinging its heft wide...she looks down a hallway where arms minus 
  bodies are moving with no apparent meaning outside of caged cells, cigarette 
  smoke puffed into the common walk from unseen sources, and that immediate 
  clamor and smell of too many people using a facility that's been far too 
  neglected for cleanliness. Down the slick, glaring hall she stumbles, 
  assured of no tripping from the giant of an officer that half-pushes, 
  half-lifts her along with abruptness and apathy. It has been over two hours 
  now, and she's yet to make one word understood or even said.
At the very end of the hall, as catcalls spewed putrid words of shame and 
  humiliation at her, embarrassing her even more than she had been before. 
  Stopping in front of a door less than three feet wide, she again is left as 
  the keys are found that once more find rusty hinges yielding to male 
  strength. Thrust inside, she almost slips on the condensation of the floor. 
&quot;Turn around, and when I have your cuffs off, remove your clothes and give 
  them to me through the bars.&quot; &quot;Why???&quot;, the first word she's
  managed since 
  she looked into her convertible's rear view mirror. &quot;Do you want me to 
  remove them far you, Ma'am?&quot;, as he reaches again to find the key to place 
  her with him again. &quot;No...no...please...no...I'll do it.&quot; Turning
  away from 
  him, into the seemingly protective shadows in the corner, as no light enters 
  except for what comes from the hallway. She slips her quivering fingers to 
  the shorts, sandals, top, bra, and panties...and miserably hands them to him 
  through the painted, chipped bars. His face still is hidden from her, as the 
  light is behind him and only on her body and terror-filled face. &quot;Come 
  closer.&quot; He reaches and envelopes her right breast, squeezing cruelly,
  as 
  she gasps and immediately pulls away, not even realizing her hands are now 
  free. 
The 9th Hour...Part 2
&quot;Where do you think you're going??,&quot; leering at her predicament.
  A piteous 
  mournful expression covers her face as the shock of the afternoon is now 
  revealing its ugliness, and her complete helplessness to avoid it. &quot;Come 
  back here bitch, or I'll come in there and get these cuffs back on you for 
  keeps.&quot; As if the tears shed already were not plenty, they erupted all
  anew 
  as her body trembled . Gut-wrenching knots compelled her to submit to this 
  man whom she knew had no intention of providing her safety and protection. 
  Eyes wide, she moved toward him, her arms but a weakened appendage offering 
  no defenses against his steely gaze, piercing her torn soul.
&quot;Get on your fuckin' knees bitch and let me find out if you're good,&quot; as
  he 
  reaches in the cell and pushes her to the cold floor. Crying without a 
  breath being taken, she's swirled into a dreamlike place where blurs and 
  images seem real or not...nothing appears to make sense. Until she feels the 
  warm head of his cock pressed to her lips, as her hair is mangled into his 
  urgent grip...and she opens her mouth slightly. Then she passes out.
Hours, days, weeks...her mind swims to the surface of the gloomy darkness 
  from the depths where she was completely alone. Hyperventilation, shock, 
  dread, fear...all the negatives crashing into her mind finally gave way to 
  easing her trauma, and now she looked down on her body being covered by this 
  man twice her size, suffocating her all over again. Her face was tossed 
  sideways as his hand covered her mouth, and his hips unmistakably pummeled 
  her depths with a cock thicker than she'd ever know, thrusting in and out 
  like a beast-fucking animal. She felt nothing...seemed and literally was 
  only a spectator watching this surreal movie of herself being raped in some 
  dank jail-cell by a sadistic guard. Her eyes were blank, non-registering, 
  face presented as of one who's mind was not present.
After some weeks, days, hours later she feels a huge weight being lifted off 
  of her torso. Witnessing this brute of a beast raising off of her, panting 
  heavily, cheap aftershave mixing with her own cold sweat, she falls back from 
  her perch overhead in the corner of the ceiling. Into herself again, she 
  feels the pain from his savage violation, the sickness of the ordeal. Before 
  he's to the cell door, convulsions of bile retches out of her stomach as she 
  lunges towards the drain in the middle of the floor. &quot;For a pretty bitch 
  like you, I'll have to make damn sure you know how to fuck a man proper, 
  before I let you out of here, you dumb cunt.&quot; Matted hair, chills coursing 
  through her, the sick taste of vomit on her lips, as her hand brushes along
  a 
  torn lip, she only looks with bruised eyes in his direction to make sure the 
  door is locked. Feeling, realizing now the enormous extent of his assault, 
  she rolls over onto her back, looking blankly up to a distant ceiling, black 
  and hollow. Shaking, her arms cross her breasts, as she curls into a fetal 
  position, and wishes this horror could have some answers to ending. 
  Sometime, much later, her eyes shut.
Hours past, she noticed the hallway lights remained on all the time, and 
  there must have been night sometime, for sleep happened, she realized. 
  Actually, despite being completely nude in a cold, damp jail-cell, she would 
  have continued her restorative slumber, except for the clamor of another day 
  where people are caged against their will. The noise outside indicated 
  breakfast was being &quot;served.&quot;
He came again to darken her cell door. She retreated impulsively to the back 
  of the small enclosure. &quot;Girl, getchur damn ass up here to getchur damn 
  breakfast....NOW!!!&quot; The mind strain immediately jumped into her again,
  as 
  she barely realized she was edging forward once more, despite all of her 
  senses telling her to run. But in a jail, no one runs, no one hides ... you 
  just learn to exist...by their rules.
&quot;I see you ain't too stupid, now,&quot; as she timidly reached for the
  metal tray. 
  Just as she was touching the edge, he pulls it back. &quot;Now, you fine piece 
  of pussyjuice, I want what you forgot to give me yesterday. I want you to 
  guzzle my cum down that pretty throat of your's.&quot; She lurched backwards. 
&quot;Now one piece of prison garb you might like is this wool blanket I brought 
  with me, and if you suck this long, thick cock real good, I'm gonna let you 
  sleep tonight in comfort. You be real good to me, and I may even get you 
  some clothes...sometime. Either way, you get on your pretty little knees 
  right now, and suck me off nice and hard through these bars, or I'm gonna 
  make you think yesterday was just a picnic, slutbitch.&quot; She had enough
  of 
  this hell being far too real, and she held the bars as she softly put her 
  knees down on the cold, hard floor.
Moving her hands to his pants, she pulled his zipper to its length, and 
  gently prodded his massive cock from inside his boxer shorts. Leaping out at 
  her like a moray eel, she felt his hand grab again into her blonde hair and 
  roughly pull her towards him as he thrust his hips to the limits of the steel 
  bars separating them. Without a word spoken, she began to lick the soft warm 
  head, already evoking the clear juices from his balls. He grunted 
  approvingly and pulled her head further down his shaft and with tongue 
  flicking all over, she felt the massive head reach the back of her throat. 
  The stiff rod gave her cause to gag and she almost panicked, until her mind 
  again came to her rescue and she concentrated on relaxing her reflexes, her 
  muscles and just breathe. Until he kept pushing down, down, down her throat 
  even more. Squealing in protest, around this monster, she pushed against the 
  bars, as she realized her forehead was now against the cold steel bars, and 
  his grip was much more powerful than she could fight.
Without relief or concern, he poked his huge member into her face, more and 
  more savage thrusting, grunting with delight. She felt her lack of oxygen 
  quickly coming to an end, trying to snort air into her nostrils, to no avail. 
  Practically trembling, the shaft quickly began to expand; she felt the head 
  of his cock thicken, his balls tighten into a leathery pouch, and within 
  seconds thick goo was spewing into her stomach. He was growling with pain, 
  it seemed, as jolt after jolt of slick, creamy cum slickened up her insides 
  even more as it threw itself to its limit. She managed, knowing it was 
  almost over, to keep her throat open, take this degradation, and get air back 
  into her tortured lungs, soon. 
With a final growl of pleasure, he pulled her head back, lifting her 
  painfully to her feet as she stumbled to keep her balance while also reaching 
  to hold her hair, breathing once again, finally. His ego stroked, lifting 
  her onto her tiptoes, he brings her face to the front of the bars. Mashing 
  her cum-slickened lips and cheeks against the cold steel, the barbarian 
  heaves a load of spit and phlegm into her eyes. Laughing he dropped her 
  along with her breakfast, onto the floor, shoving the blanket behind them. 
&quot;Fucking good bitch...eat up...you're gonna need your strength when I come 
  back reloaded full of fresh cum this afternoon before I get off.&quot; Picking 
  the putrid bits of food off the nasty floor gingerly, she puts the first 
  morsels of food into her mouth in over a day, as she wishes she could wash 
  the taste of his sperm juices away forever.
Finding some warmth in the nasty, tattered wool blanket she kept reliving
  how 
  she could have had this happen to her. Gratefully, for some hours, she was 
  alone, and relatively safe. Flashbacks suddenly blinked into her mind, as 
  she glimpsed only token moments of something like this having happened 
  before. A surreal movie, in scattered form, soon dissolved away. 
Back into a corner of her cell, she only had the drain available to relieve 
  her bladder, not daring to empty her bowels there. The stench from the 
  cesspool assaulted her sense of smell, as it consumed every breath of air, 
  almost as much as this beast who was her source for life. Thinking of his 
  brutality, and shuddering, she suddenly froze, aware now of the sound of his 
  shoes on the prison floor. Alerted now, she heard him coming back.
Contorting her knees up to her chin, pulling the blanket to cover her 
  nakedness, she felt his sneering as he said, &quot;Well, pretty fuckface, ready 
  for your afternoon exercise?&quot; She refused to answer him, and he opened
  the 
  door, without hesitation.
&quot;Seems like you just don't learn,&quot; as she slapped her across the
  face, 
  reaching and jerking her to her feet. &quot;But now, I got to 'do my duty,'&quot; he 
  laughed, &quot;and bring you to the judge.&quot; Again, she was off-balance
  in her 
  mind and body as her clothes from yesterday were thrown on the floor for her 
  to get dressed in. &quot;We want to make sure you look pretty, for his Honor,
  you 
  know, cuntslut. Get dressed, we got places to go, people to see...and 
  then...ha ha ha...things to do,&quot; as he gave her such an evil sideways
  glance.
Slipping her tired, bruised body into the skimpy outfit she meant to enjoy 
  herself, she thought how utterly stupid she felt for ever wanting to entice 
  any man ever. Within a minute, she was once again quickly moving down the 
  long cold hallway of prisoners on each side, lowering her head as the 
  catcalls of the community now had special meaning to her, as she realized 
  their taunts knew what she'd endured at the far end, in her cell.
Through doors, the maze renewed as she traveled with her jailer/rapist along 
  places less populated as the precinct buzz of the day before. Feeling so 
  exposed and violated, she knew to only do as she was told, and was already 
  conforming to the role of a sexslave, without cause or reason, except what 
  others wanted of her. His voice hisses, &quot;GirlFuck, you don't know this
  yet, 
  but you were captured...you committed no offense. We have cops on the street 
  who look for girls like you...fresh, gorgeous, and single. Your car was 
  reported 'stolen,' but now it's an itty bitty crumbled lump of mashed metal, 
  sold as scrap. No one has any idea what has become of you, and an official 
&quot;missing persons bulletin&quot; is already prepared and waiting for another
two 
  days before it can be issued...if anyone files it, that is. You, fuckflesh, 
  have been taken into a world where we make the laws, we make the rules, and 
  we enjoy all the power and privilege that comes with it. Now, you're going 
  before the head man, the judge, and he's going to decide if your sorry 
  whorepussy is worth having or not. Anyway if he wants you or not, till the 
  day you're taken from my hall, I'll still make sure your ass and cunt are 
  full of my cock, unless he thinks you look a little too beat up, and that 
  you're just some cheap crack-addict off the street. Then we'll dispose of 
  you, like we do every week, with our &quot;animal shelter girls&quot;...those
  needing 
  to be put to sleep.&quot; Nothing could have been more accurate to finally
  answer 
  her tormented mind. 
Soon, the area got more &quot;official looking&quot; and she realized she
  had come up 
  through the labyrinth of the back halls to a court, a judge's world. 
  Entering the paneled double doors, the room was full of people, the gallery, 
  the jury, the lawyers, the bailiff, the recorder, etc. She was ushered down 
  to the very front, as if all these were waiting on her. Again, her mind 
  reeled as to this impossible dream that seemed to be without end.
Left directly in front of His Honor, she dared not look except to her feet, 
  so embarrassed and humiliated to be in such a state of disarray and shame. 
&quot;Look up at me, young lady.&quot; She raised her bruised face slowly, and
when 
  she realized he was squinting at her now from understanding some of what had 
  happened to her in the last 24 hours, she immediately felt the first sense
  of 
  compassion, yet dropped her head once again, instinctively.
&quot;No, don't do that again, young lady...I want to see beyond the surface
  of 
  your wounds and see if your soul bears anything worth redeeming.&quot; She
  raised 
  her swollen lips, strained eyes, and held his gaze as directed. For some 
  minutes, nothing seemed to move, as his facade indicated nothing, his eyes 
  absorbing all of her, barely able to tell if he moved them at all. What 
  seemed again an indeterminate amount of time passing, she heard, &quot;Bring
  her 
  to the platform the ninth hour of this day,&quot; as his gavel smacked down 
  resounding a silence unprotested among all the multitudes witnessing. The 
  beast sizzled as he reached seemingly with a gentle grasp. Yet she felt as
  if 
  he were trying to break her upper left arm in an ever-tightening vise that 
  had no limit to its pressure.
Pushed toward the front doors of the courtroom, she found again what seemed 
  to be a honeycomb of further passages. Almost pushing her ahead so fast that 
  she stumbled, he grated, &quot;It seems the judge thinks you're worth saving...and 
  damn if I didn't do my best to fuck you up so bad he'd let me hide you on my 
  hall for a few weeks, or if you were really a good fucking cuntwhore...a few 
  months, before I'd broken you into nothing but a crazy pile of fuckflesh, a 
  babbling idiotwhore.&quot; And with that, he shoved her into a small conference 
  room where he pushed her over a gleaming wooden table, ringed with plush 
  executive chairs. Without a word, she felt her shorts pulled off, panties 
  ripped...and his massive erection shoved deliberately up her dry, tight ass. 
  She screamed as he slapped her repeatedly, screaming at her to shut up and 
  take it...as he pulled back out, ran it up inside her battered cunt a few 
  deep strokes, then reinserted it to its depth back into her virgin ass. The 
  pain was unimaginable as she passed out again, falling into a blackness of 
  nothingness.
Looking down again, with a chandelier almost blocking the view, she saw her 
  body being thrust into over and over. Sliding on the shiny oak table, as 
  this monster cock, red with her bloody ass, continued to assault her, nothing 
  but blank awareness confirmed that she was watching herself being raped 
  again, by this animal. Nature itself protected her from feeling this 
  torture, splitting once again to keep from going insane. Her consciousness 
  to him would only give him reason to perpetuate the brutality, and he didn't 
  care for her welfare in the least, just getting his evil load of snakejuice 
  again to violate her sense of who she was as a person, before this ordeal 
  began, only a day before.
Nothing registered...nothing. Finally, she saw him raise his ugly, skewed 
  face up to the ceiling, not noticing her watching this depravity from her 
  perch. Screaming his lust-filled victory roar, his cum ran up from his 
  enormous balls along and into the serpent-like beastial shaft of his cock. 
  He shuddered and convulsed over her back as his ass jerked spasmodically 
  while his essence assaulted her, the one thing that seemed to have power even 
  over his own Herculean strength. He slowed, panting again...and slid that 
  six inch wide, ten inch long phallus out of her torn ass, streaked with a 
  combination of white, creamy cum and fresh bright red blood. The ugly, 
  smeared cockhead fell out, along with a discharge of mixed fluid. Pushing 
  her back into the table, he moved off of her...still unconscious.
The vortex of nature brought her instinctively again back into her body, 
  whirling down from the ceiling, into her body once more. She drew a deep 
  breath as if coming out of a trancelike slumber. Hearing the sounds of the 
  room, almost silently now, the senses returned to her immediately. Too 
  quickly she bit her lips while screaming inside from that searing pain of her 
  torn rectum. Eyes opening to see the far wall, she dared not look to see, 
  for she felt him still there, knowing he was waiting for her to acknowledge 
  his sadism. With only a growling chuckle, he grabbed her shorts and wedged 
  them up her bottom, stemming the flow of blood and cum that now ran down the 
  inside of her left leg. &quot;Let's go you worthless, piece of shitmeat.&quot;
Almost feeling the darkness sweep over her eyes again, she was jerked up 
  again to standing on her feet. She reeled as the door rushed towards her, 
  somehow opened and she was again propelled down the hall, the direction she 
  was in before her sidetrip to the table. Sore and in genuine pain from this 
  depravity, she stumbled again, not given the consideration of even walking
  at 
  a normally fast clip to get where they were going. Rounding a corner, she 
  heard before she saw...the holding cell for whatever it was they kept people 
  in there for...women...women's voices. For some reason, her soul washed in 
  the comfort of her gender.
&quot;Step back, ya damn fuckbitches!!,&quot; he roared. The keys did their
  deed, door 
  opened and she was pushed in before the tide of cramped women swept forward 
  again to fill the void. He was known by them, and she knew how. 
Comfort, safety, sympathy, community...??? No. Death still living, for when 
  she looked up...she immediately realized who they were. The &quot;kennel women,&quot; 
  the &quot;animal shelter girls,&quot; destined to be terminated when and, even
  more 
  horribly, as invasive and as deliberately cruel as such beasts who reigned 
  here preferred. Their eyes were blank, listless. Whatever life they had 
  before they came to be here, it had long ago been ruined forever, and instead 
  only the unmistakable look of living death perpetuated these zombies from one 
  minute to the next. Her next thoughts were...&quot;Was she one of THEM??? Had 
  the judge cruelly fooled her??? Had the creature who raped her so horribly 
  been fucking her mind as much as he had been her destroyed body???
No one said anything as they saw themselves in her. The torn clothing, blood 
  stained shorts, bruised and cut face, mauled arms and legs, scratched with 
  ragged nails of animals' paws...all knew the signs. Vacant acceptance of 
  another member of this secret world in their midst.

The 9th Hour...Part 3
The horror of her stay in the prison broke into the depths of her mind. The 
  flashbacks of something similar having occurred seemed to be as unreal as her 
  splitting. She realized, the more she thought of what had happened, the more 
  it seemed real for her, in her early years. There inside that overcrowded 
  cell full of demoralized and broken women, the past rushed back to haunt her.
She was conceived and birthed as the result of a brutal rape, and never had 
  she known what true love was. Her mother cared nothing for her, allowing the 
  stepfather to abuse her in any way he saw fit. But, as far as she was 
  concerned, what she did know was real, it was true. She had no other way of 
  gauging anything else, other than her own experience. She was extremely 
  intelligent, far above what most &quot;smart&quot; people would ever know,
  and that one 
  trait alone kept her surviving from a living hell where she was brutalized 
  continuously. From even before her preteen years until she finally escaped 
  the torturous horror at age fifteen, her life was one unspeakable assault 
  after another, never knowing what each sick day would bring. She had been 
  treated by several psychotherapists and without realizing until now what had 
  occurred during those therapy sessions, she'd been hypnotized to such a 
  degree that her real life experiences were mostly blocked out and forgotten. 
  She was conditioned to take life in small sequences, a week, perhaps a month. 
  But to look back and remember, was more than difficult; it was impossible, 
  thanks to the benefits of skilled hypnotists. It took a nightmare just like 
  she'd known as a child to wreck all the years of therapy, and bring her back 
  to the hellacious horror she knew all too well. Totally overcome as she fell 
  to this bleak, nasty jail-cell, she cried uncontrollably. More pitiful than 
  this alone, she was hardly noticed by the others present.
Crumpled into a soiled, broken heap on the ever-cold chipped concrete floor, 
  she barely looked up to see the door swing open. When she did, her heart 
  froze, as she looked into the menacing eyes of a hooded brute. His arms were 
  wrapped with leather cuffs, reaching to his elbows. His chest was bare, and 
  his pants of black leather ended in shined, black boots. He was without 
  challenge from the other women in the cell, as he reached down and lifted her 
  to a standing position, wobbly now from so much time spent in her reclusive 
  pose.
Slamming the door behind them, again she was ushered down endless hallways, 
  impossible to remember. When he spoke, she recognized the voice as one of 
  the two in the heavy police cruiser, glancing again at his eyes to confirm. 
  He shook her, and without pause now, she lowered her eyes obediently. Just 
  before a heavy door that seemed to be one that would lead outside, she was 
  turned around and put roughly up against the wall. A strong hand was dipped 
  deep into her shorts, unzipping them to allow him to cup her mound. As he 
  leaned closer into her, enjoying her discomfort, he felt her warm juices 
  automatically begin to flow. He smiled and continued stroking her with his 
  fingers, two of them deep inside her, curled to rub her g-spot.
&quot;We know of your background; of your childhood.&quot; She cringed with
  open mouth 
  and began to slink down the wall. &quot;You were selected months ago by the 
  Judge, and now he's going to make you one of his own. We are about to enter 
  the courtyard where you will be ultimately marked with the Judge's &quot;official 
  seal,&quot; and from this day forward you are to be of service to him in his
  harem 
  of slaves. There is no choice of your's to make; everything is decided for 
  you. That's why the jailer had his fun with you, for within an hour, you 
  will be totally untouched by anyone, other than what the Judge allows. By 
  the way...an interesting bit of trivia...the Judge purchased you from your 
  stepfather, instructing him how to raise you...and until now, you've had no 
  idea how your life unfolded as it has.&quot;
A sweeping wave of incredible awareness crashed over her, more intense now 
  than anything she'd ever known. She realized that what was imprinted in her 
  from the time she could possibly remember, was for a purpose. This 
  purpose...to be a slave, bought and paid for long ago. Now it all, for 
  once...made horrible sense to her, as memory upon memory of sadistic sexual 
  torture once again became alive. She saw herself, as if she was viewing it 
  all over again, from being split. The faceless men buying her for a few 
  dollars or a stuffed animal, the intense sessions of bondage, pictures and 
  videos being made, the images of her own mother masturbating while watching, 
  the beatings... many of them on her cunt, the scars...physical and 
  emotional...left from an overzealous fanatical idiot of what she thought was 
  her &quot;daddy.&quot;
All the terrible reality seemed to explode upon her now, more desperately 
  real than any imaginations had ever led her to believe. Incredibly, a wave 
  of orgasmic energy suddenly surged upwards from her troubled loins as she 
  remembered all of this. Totally complicated images flashed over her, as she 
  shook upon the shoulders of this masked assailant, clicking her memories back 
  to times when she was so out of control and so used for others' pleasures. 
  The brute realized her turmoiled mind, and with desperation, grabbed his 
  thick shaft from his pants and thrust his bulging cock up into her, catching 
  the last jolts of energy coursing through her. With only a few strokes, 
  impaling her into the wall, his bursting load of steamy cum shot into her,
  as 
  she almost immediately came again. This time, her body surrendered to what 
  she'd always been, as far as she knew. With a negligence from years of 
  protective therapy, once again this gorgeous fuck-toy responded as the 
  slaveslut she was. Her moans were not of agony now, but of complete and 
  ultimate pleasure of being used as a toy. 
Just as suddenly as she was about to drop to her knees from blissful 
  weakness, the steel door swung open and a huge glare of bright sunlight 
  bathed the two. Her captor picked her up roughly now, by the elbow, and 
  pushed her into the back of a cart, being hitched to a mule. Hands once 
  again cuffed, she was linked to an O-ring at the front of the cart, as this 
  huge, disguised man continued to rip her clothes off, using a sharp dagger 
  for any of the soiled garments that hesitated. Totally naked again, the two 
  began their medieval journey to a long, broad platform in the midst of dozens 
  of howling men, on the far side of this huge area surrounded by high walls. 
  She looked up, blinking against the harsh sunlight and spied a gallows in the 
  middle with the unmistakable 'X' of a St. Andrews Cross in front of it. The 
  arm of the gallows extended in front of the cross, and a long link of shiny, 
  thick chain dangled from the rotating snap above. Despite the jeering crowd, 
  who pressed against the cart to run rough hands along her firm legs, she saw 
  at one end of the platform a burning cauldron with handles of iron pointing 
  into the middle. She recognized the Judge in white flowing robes just then, 
  as he looked up and held her in his gaze. 
Her eyes never left his, as she felt some sense of closure in the awful 
  wandering years of her youth. She drank him in, knowing that for once, she 
  understood some of the questions that never were allowed to be asked. And 
  her eyes were still on him, when she heard his voice reverberate over the 
  mob. &quot;This one has been chosen by me from the time she was born. I have 
  waited until now to claim her, and she is surely mine to have from this 
  moment on, as the ninth hour is about to strike. Until that exact moment of 
  time, I will have her prepared for my personal touch, by using this chain. 
  Much like a Japanese style of Wooden Pony, this chain will stay attached to 
  the strong arm of the gallows above. It will pass under her invitingly firm 
  ass and gorgeous pussy to be linked in a very tight enclosure, as it circles 
  her tiny waist in a most sadistically pleasing &quot;thong.&quot; She will
  then be 
  lifted off of her straining legs and toes so that her entire weight will be 
  focused on her most tender of feminine charms. Her balance will be 
  maintained by her handcuffs passing around the chain, and over her head. We 
  have thirty minutes until three p.m., the ninth hour, and until that time 
  comes...our delightful young slave will entertain us with her pelvic 
  gyrations as the steel links will assault her like no hardened knuckles could 
  ever achieve. Gather 'round and wager your bets as to when she will first 
  scream in agony, and when she will indeed pass out. The winners of each are 
  allowed a full forty-eight hours with her, as my guests, in my personal 
  dungeon.&quot; 
With that, she was taken off of the cart, turned to face the crowd, as her 
  arms were held aloft, chain sent down and in between her cuffs and her back. 
  A twinge of pleasure almost creased her mind, as she not only looked fully 
  into the eyes of her new Master, but also knowing that she was finally about 
  to be the person she was intended to be for so many years. Yes, she was 
  indeed reacting to this with a degree of pleasure.
The cold links were pulled tightly by her hooded escort, under her ass and 
  spreading her pussy lips. He held it at her navel, then circled it around 
  her tiny waist, fully to come around in front of her again. Looping it on 
  the links he originally held, he pulled it tightly again, back on itself, to 
  form an exquisitely tight knot of chain that bit into her warm flesh from 
  every direction. The chain was ratcheted up slightly, bringing her to the 
  tips of her toes, then off the platform, so that her weight naturally went 
  forward. She felt the intenseness of the pressure totally on that one point 
  of her wet pussy. Her arms kept her aligned vertically, but the incredible 
  pain shot through her like electricity, as her eyes quickly shut out all 
  sight as the searing pain almost choked the very breath from her lungs. 
Squirming immediately, she found there was no comfort from this insidiously 
  sadistic torture device. The only intention was for her to entertain these 
  men with her gorgeous body being used for such cruel pleasures. Soon, she 
  was &quot;riding the pony,&quot; as her reflexive attempts to find some comfort
  eluded 
  her. The thick links of chain only rolled over a bit perhaps, to reveal the 
  same terrible force as her body weight made its own demands on her softened, 
  tenderized cunt. So cruelly passive in nature, it was perhaps the most 
  sadistic pain she'd ever imagined. Before dozens of men, now, she was 
  enduring it...hurting so badly that tears began to dampen the hot wooden 
  beams below her. Finally, she could bear it no longer and screams of 
  absolute hysteria broke over the usual, heaving hum of these gathered 
  sadists. 
Again, and again, she screamed...begging for some relief...for some attitude 
  of comfort. Crying uncontrollably now, between the shrieks of maddening 
  torture, she felt the roughness of her head pulled back, as her white-blonde 
  hair was jerked upward and back by the Judge. Into his eyes she saw her life 
  possessed, as his smiling face indicated his pleasure at sadistic tortures.
&quot;You have done only ten minutes, my dear, and you have another twenty
  to go. 
  Have you given up on my wishes so soon?&quot; She could only nod slightly,
  and 
  through parched lips, croak, &quot;Please, sir.&quot; &quot;Very well then,
  for I am a 
  considerate Master of my slaves; I will let you decide now whether you will 
  want to endure another twenty minutes of this entertainment for my guests or 
  enjoy a very special gesture of my 'ownership' of you.&quot;
&quot;All of my personal slaves have one special identifying mark that is 
  permanently sealed into their bodies at the moment of my taking them into my 
  harem. You saw the cauldron with the irons inside them, I believe, when you 
  were headed this way in your cart. Those irons have my special seal of 
  approval fashioned onto them...an emblem that many would call a &quot;brand,&quot; and 
  I prefer to call a &quot;Monogram.&quot; You have another twenty minutes to
  endure 
&quot;The Thong,&quot; as I like to refer to my little chain ordeal. If you can
last, 
  and not make one sound, then you are spared from the branding for a month. 
  At that time, another test of your resolve will be offered you, unless you 
  choose to have the brand placed on you, which it inevitably will anyway.&quot; 
He turned her tear-streaked chin upward, while she was still squirming 
  uncontrollably now. The judge slowly licked her salty cheek, and asked her, 
&quot;More of this torture, my sweet, or do you want to go ahead and take 
  advantage of the numbness your cunt already has long since passed?&quot; She 
  could only squeeze a piteous, &quot;Please, Sir,&quot; out of her enflamed
  soul. He 
  countered, &quot;The Thong?&quot; &quot;No, Sir&quot;...she clenched her teeth...&quot;the 
  Monogram...please, Sir.&quot;
&quot;Ah,&quot; as he drug her head up for all to see the intensity of pain
  on her 
  gorgeous face, &quot;she has chosen to have the branding done, instead of more
  fun 
  with The Thong. Let's take her down from this nasty contraption and make 
  ready for some sizzling entertainment, shall we?&quot;
The hooded escort dropped her quickly to her feet, and as wobbly as ever, 
  made sure she didn't fall to the boards below. Hastily rearranging her arms 
  to be opened onto the cross behind her, she was soon spread into an &quot;X&quot; with 
  all of her charms visible to these men below. The cauldron was rolled over, 
  heavily creaking the weathered wooden platform, as carefully, the irons were 
  kept from jostling loose from the white hot core. A choke chain was passed 
  over her head, and down upon her soft, white neck as a leather strap was 
  wrapped around her forehead and snugly tightened to keep her head absolutely 
  still. The hooded monster was behind her, making sure the choke collar was 
  so effective. She felt her blood vessels swell in her neck as she found her 
  air strangled. Gasping with panic all over again, she looked down to see the 
  judge choosing one of the irons. 
Another hooded guard placed thick leather gloves on the handle and raised
  it 
  up for her to see. In an oval shape, she could make out the letters &quot;PW&quot; 
  backwards. The man then turned to show the throng how incredibly hot it was 
  by spitting on it to reveal an instant curling of steam skyward. With a grin 
  under his mask, and the Judge beside him, he turned towards the girl, now 
  moving to get away as her last gasps of ragged breath warn of her impending 
  blackout. She slumped as again the murky darkness covered her eyes. As her 
  waist is caught up in the wide leather belt that will insure she can't move, 
  the branding iron is positioned, its heat radiating already into her.
The Judge, knowing all is set, and his slave won't object physically now, 
  gives the nod. Just above her pubic bone, amongst the softness of her downy 
  hair, a red-hot piece of steel is placed at a depth of a quarter of an 
  inch...sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssizzling into her 
  virginal skin. Left there for 15 seconds, it burned a permanent fixture into 
  what was a totally unblemished part of her beautiful skin.
Forever now, she'll be labeled as a &quot;Police Whore,&quot; a &quot;PW&quot; kept
  in the 
  buildings there, or the Judge's estate, as he chooses. However, now her life 
  does make sense, and she knows what she was groomed for...knowing all along 
  that this is her fate, she embraces each day with a peace she's never known 
  before. In time, the wound heals into a symmetrical diagram of her status.

WolfenDom
  Copyright '99
WolfenDom's Toy
.......she was rewarded with a wonderful hot fragrant bath......enjoying
  feeling the heat of the water on her body....then the coolness of the
  air....and the soft sweetness of the water.....she languished.......she
  came out to the bedroom afterward....drying herself with a soft plush
  towel.....and on the bed were laid out silk thigh high stockings......a
  garter belt....and 3 inch heels......and the black restraints.....and
  blindfold.....she smiled.....then trembled....knowing already her Master
  had some plans for her tonight...as usual he loved to let her
  imagination run wild...the better for him to get at the animal in
  her......he knew her so well......she dressed carefully for her Master,
  always wanting to please him...looking for that wonderful look he gives
  her when he is.....she is done...and she stands in the middle of the
  room, waiting.......and then he is here.....he is looking right at
  her...a vision in her submissive pose, and garb......&quot;come here
  baby&quot;....she walks to him and he takes her hand.....pulls her close, his
  hand at the back of her neck, fingers entwined in her hair, pulling her
  head back to look deeply in her eyes.......and kiss her deeply.....she
  feels weak....and wet.....and devoured by him already......
 lie down now sweetheart........on your back......yes .......ok, now put
  your arms up.....good girl....he ties them together above her
  head......she feels the familiar feeling of resignation...giving in to
  his will totally as she is tied......and she feels her clit
  throbbing....now your legs baby...yes thats right...open up...he knows
  how she loves to open up so wide for him.......good girl....he ties one
  leg to one end, and the same to the other...and he stands and looks at
  his handiwork...and into her eyes...and he can see her
  helplessness...and he is pleased......now he places the
  blindfold.......she is excited....she can feel her nipples harden, the
  soft sensitive skin around the nipple wrinkling...her clit
  throbbing...and she listens........and tries to feel where he is.....she
  hears him go over to the drawer where his toys are kept......and her
  excitement mounts......he knows this....he moves
  slowly...methodically.....even seeming to move into and out of the room
  at times...she couldn't always tell...her senses were not clear at
  all...her sense of excitement high.....her desire and passion
  overwhelming now......and then she feels him on the bed...next to
  her.....and he is touching her body...her face...her neck....her
  breasts....then her very hard nipples...where he stopped and touched and
  pinched..making her squeal a little.....and sucked and nibbled...making
  her squirm...then beg him to not stop.....you love me to play little one
  dont you?......you want more?........ please yes Master please...i love
  your touch Master.....and with that he pinches her left nipple and she
  feels a tighter pinch! then the same with her left nipple pinch! he has
  placed clothes pins on her nipples...driving her wild now!!!!! She was
  moaning lightly squirming pulling at her restraint...he watched her for
  a bit...then he took his fingers and flicked! first one clothes pin
  flick! then the other....sending her into a frenzy of movement and
  sound! Oh was he enjoying her so......!
 he felt between her legs now......rubbing her clit as he slid a finger
  into her pussy....she was so wet! he took the finger and put it up to
  her mouth....suck it! she does greedily...she loves the sweetness of her
  own pussy....he takes 2 fingers...then 3.....finger fucking her
  hard...her body moving wildly her tits boucning...she was feeling the
  clothes pins so much...the intensity of feeling was overwhelming...she
  had a wild orgasm against his hand....screaming out as she came...so
  deep so soulful......he acted surprised and told her she came without
  him saying so! now she would have to punished!!!! ...she wasn't even
  down yet from that orgasm and now she was being untied her legs first
  then her arms....he placed a couple of pillows and told her to lie on
  her tummy....over the pillows......he tied her hands above her head
  again, together...the clothes pins still pinching her nipples.....please
  Master may I have the clothes pins off?....NO! you may have them off
  when I want them off...with that he places a gag in her mouth.....he
  opens her legs wide now....tied at the knee to the bedsides......he
  loves the site of her like this...her ass up in the air..ready to be
  spanked...her pussy wide open...her clit swollen...and her asshole! all
  there for his enjoyment! .......first she needed to be punished for her
  impertinence...he started out by spanking her ass with his hand.....not
  slowly building as she loves but quickly..hard slaps! lecturing her on
  her place...and pulling her head back a bit talking into her
  face.......but he is aroused by her position and her helplessness ...and
  the possibilities of his play is overwhelming to him......so he tells
  her next time she will cum when he says!!!!.....and he begins to rub her
  bottom..already hot and pink......he takes a vibrator and puts it in her
  pussy.....then he takes a butt plug and puts it in her ass.....she is
  squirming.......already feeling so open and exposed...so hot and
  tingly...she knows she should not have felt aroused by his
  spanking...but she did......and now that he has filled her....and taking
  away senses...and she was so full and so helpless.......and then she
  felt his flogger.......first on her back....he knows how she loves the
  flogger...as he gets to her ass he gets more intense...she is again
  beside herself....he moves down to her legs...and feet......sometimes
  stinging...mostly just caressing her with it......he was so
  masterful.....she is just moaning now....he can tell she is going into
  sub space.......he takes his small flogger...he starts to flog her
  between her legs...catching her swollen clit...and pushing her closer
  closer.......touching her ass now enjoying the feeling of
  heat........and he puts his finger on her clit.......and he slaps
  expertly...her ass......as he feels her climax rise...and he whispers
  into her ear......cum for me baby...just for me...give me my
  orgasm.....NOW!!!!!!!!.....and she explodes!!!! and he makes her ride
  out her orgasm spasming over and over his finger never leaving her
  clit......until she comes down.......and collapses limply......he takes
  off her restraint.....one by one...and rubs and massages her limp
  body.......taking the clothes pins off ouch ouch!! and he touches and
  caresses her for the longest time.......
because it is his turn now....
The Bowl
What first attracts me to all women is the vibrancy of life I see in 
  their eyes. There is where a woman tells you so very much without ever 
  saying one word, and for those men who are aware of the enormously varied 
  ways women communicate, there is an abundance to be discovered from eye 
  contact.
Usually I won't hold the gaze of most women. I see all I want in the 
  slightest glance, and immediately know there is nothing worth pursuing. My 
  predator nature instinctively tells me who is and who isn't devourable, and
  I 
  have a developed taste for those who have more than just the average going 
  for them. There is an aura about the woman I want, call it a hormonal 
  influence or whatever, but I sense her, and am drawn into her immediately 
  when I notice her presence. When that is present...that aura...I indulge 
  myself, look into her soul, and make an impression that causes a catch to 
  come to her throat...all in my eyes alone. 
For many whom I notice, she is not thinking of submission at all, to me 
  or to any other man. Her situation usually has her in some psuedo-dominating 
  role in the workplace, at home or whatever. That in particular, is of no 
  concern to me, for it's my choice, not her's, that she will immerse herself 
  into my world as I choose to bring her to me. That seems odd, doesn't it, to 
  most people...that I can do these things I propose? I admit, that it's not 
  always productive, but from experience, I can take my time, much as a wolf 
  would select his prey. I wait them out, feeding them morsels of curiosity 
  and desire for sometimes months before I know they are pliable and ready to 
  be taken. It was just such a woman that I want to tell you about now.
She was an aspiring executive on the junior level with her ambitions 
  matching her presentation as a determined, sexy, intelligent strong woman 
  capable of handling much more responsibility and power than she currently 
  enjoyed. To her, the potential for the good life was only limited to her 
  ambition to make the most of her opportunity, regardless of the personal cost 
  to herself and others...a real corporate personality of the '90's. She used 
  her sexuality as an asset, to propel her along the ranks of the others who 
  didn't have as much to offer the fantasies of the older, more senior male 
  executives. True to her nature, this was just another skill she'd developed 
  along her path of broken hearts and misplaced affections which pointed her
  to 
  the Goddess of Acquisitions and Mergers for her own personal glory. She had 
  yet to be noticed by me.
I thoroughly enjoy the hunt, which is why, in a large degree, I write 
  these stories of my experiences. Letting women, such as the ones I write 
  about, know that I am very real, and very intent on finding &quot;her,&quot; the
  one 
  who'll embody all the characters I write about. I go about the actual 
  pursuit in ways that seem, as I choose, nonthreatening and elusive, such as 
  broadcasting stories to the world of online readers. Sometimes I choose to 
  pursue my pleasures with my &quot;Corporate America&quot; power look, and at
  others I 
  enjoy being the independent blue-collar worker who makes his living with his 
  hands and wit. In any and all of these, I find those women who are lonely, 
  deprived, neglected, in need of release, and able to be so much more sexually 
  than they've ever allowed themselves to enjoy.
I approached this company as an Independent Informational Technology 
  Recruiter, a position I had with Oracle a few years back, where I learned the 
  world of both high tech and recruiting...totally boring, stifling, yet 
  monetarily lucrative and with intelligent, sharp young women bursting to be 
  noticed. Precisely dressed in my Hart, Schaffner, and Marx suit, a 1/4 inch 
  of heavily starched white linen shirt showing below the navy pinstriped 
  sleeves, with crew neck T-shirt underneath, one of the current prestige pens 
  in my pocket, the outer first impression was resplendently and masculinely 
  sexy. Most of all though, the attitude I exuded, an air of enthusiastic 
  confidence, properly restrained, that said with my mere presence, I owned the 
  place. I surveyed my territory. With one last weapon, a specific cologne 
  immediately arouses the sensory desires of women, and has been on the shelves 
  for years, working so much better than anything else since. I saw her 
  underneath the drab office flourescent lights, her head, luxuriously 
  shampooed and prepared, just above the gray cubicle. Without averting my 
  gaze a degree, I walked towards her as surely as a predator moves to his next 
  meal.
No word was spoken as I entered her personal space, closer than is 
  politely allowed in western culture without an uncomfortable sense of 
  impropriety. Her initial look told me to back away, but I ignored it and she 
  realized I did, making myself doubly a nuisance. My handshake, offered first 
  to command a reply, another impropriety when dealing with a &quot;lady,&quot; was 
  returned with a grasp meant to be firm, yet already yielding to a disturbance 
  in &quot;the force&quot; she wielded as one of her weapons. Her handshake was
  cold, 
  halfhearted and limp...as opposed to mine that was warm, firm and lasting 
  longer than again is proper in a business situation. My smile, the tilting 
  of my head, and open eyes went into her body as she felt an involuntary 
  response meant to disrupt her balance of her space, unnerving her in my 
  psychological domination that ignored her as an equal in any way whatsoever. 
  With introductions fumbled on her part, I drove my point home further when
  I 
  made sure she heard me inhale her essence, as if I were smelling the 
  muskiness of her crotch mingled with the expensive perfume she'd dabbled 
  between her satin-lined breasts. My eyes slowly and achingly went from her 
  eyes, wide open and decidedly bothered to those orbs of pleasure within 
  inches of my suit lapels, until I saw the responsive hardening of her 
  nipples, despairing her completely. With a soft smile both on my lips and my 
  eyes, I let her hand drop limply to her side and walked off as if she were 
  nothing more than a momentary distraction from my otherwise far more 
  important agenda of the day. I was imprinted in her soul.
The following days found us in some sort of contact with one another, 
  and with each occurence I waited for her to make a flushed gaze in my 
  direction before I even gave her the courtesy of noticing her presence. She 
  now vacillated from emotions of anger, frustration, and tenseness to wonder, 
  self-consciousness, and extreme uncomfortableness as if I were watching her 
  from a position of vantage rather than how she was accustomed to from other 
  males in this office. The difference was, they were drones, and I was the 
  alpha male of the pack. She knew her situation was now different from before 
  I arrived, and I so enjoyed the tension I created with her almost daily.
The time came for the holiday office parties, an excuse when there was a 
  bit more alcohol consumed than is usually allowed during Happy Hour at the 
  local watering hole. I used it for my benefit, even though I knew she'd be 
  on her most defensive posture with me. With her second glass of champagne 
  inside her now, I made my way from my totally boring group of bovines to her 
  sharply attired body, ripe for my attentions, primed for the kill. Backed 
  against a column, in the protection of knowing I couldn't come from behind,
  I 
  again strode confidently over to her. Proceeding in a hushed tone, as if 
  whispering sweet nothings in her ear, &quot;There are those women who use their 
  sexuality as a weapon, and those who use it as bait, and then even some who 
  use it as a begging to be taken and used as the slut that they really are. 
  You, my dear, are a slut, and I intend to show you that beginning tonight.&quot; 
  With my fingers demanding her upper arm to follow me, my eyes and voice in
  no 
  uncertain terms, I directed her into a side room, &quot;Come with me for a
  moment. 
  There is something I want to show you.&quot; Unable to protest such an overt 
  assault, she opened her mouth for only the briefest moment and complied.
Quieter now, with only the buzzing noise of the outside to let us know 
  we weren't completely alone, I told her, in the briefest terms, that I found 
  her attractive and intended for her to serve me as my chosen submissive. 
  Confusion covered her face as she wandered from shock to hilarity to 
  awareness that I was dead serious, and it was only then that she began to 
  understand what had been going on with my psychological complexities from the 
  beginning. &quot;Take off your blouse, I want to see those ripe breasts ready
  now 
  for my attentions.&quot; She looked at me as if I were delusional, gasping
  at my 
  assuredness that she would comply. I took the belt immediately from around 
  my waist, hearing the popping sound as it slapped between loops. *Whack*, 
  *whack* *whack*, I brought it around her hips to end with lashes on her firm, 
  tight ass, backwards and forwards. She instinctively let out the beginnings 
  of a cry until my hand covered her mouth and nose, pushing her back over a 
  couch, pinning her under my weight. &quot;Do not think to disobey me, again.&quot; 
  She cowered now, exposing that vulnerability I knew was there all along, 
  probably as a result of some sexual mispropriety from years before when she 
  was threatened if she ever told. 
&quot;Good, now I'm going to release my hand, precious girl, and I want you 
  to know that you will not be harmed in any way if you obey me, and with no 
  hesitation...do you understand?&quot;, as my eyes drilled into her brain a
  focus 
  she'd never forget. A meek nodding followed, eyes full of tears and fear, 
  with my removal of my hand and repositioning myself to kneel above her. 
  Looking down in carnal admiration on the heaving perspiration between her 
  breasts, along the bottom of her neck, I could see her resistance evaporate 
  before me eyes. Her look to me showed that lost little girl who had been 
  used sometime previously, somewhere before and had no where to turn, as again 
  she was entrapped into a web of deception of what showed on the outside and 
  what was true on the inside. She was mine, but it would take some discipline 
  before she truly believed I was to her what I intended to be.
&quot;Take your blouse off now,&quot; and she hesitated with another look
  to see 
  if I truly meant to be so serious at this moment. My hands immediately 
  reached again for my belt, and she even more quickly began to unbutton her 
  blouse from the top down. The bra boosting her firm breasts into a most 
  delicious bundle made my cock harden just as instinctively as her nipples did 
  from this humiliation. &quot;Squeeze those tits together for me, slut, as I
  want 
  my cock sliding in and out, between them, dripping juices onto your talented 
  tongue.&quot; She hesitated, and with my grip vising her brown luxurious hair 
  between my entangled fingers, I pushed her again back down onto the couch, 
  straddling her with one leg as the other came over to complete the process
  of 
  pinning her under me. Unfolding my pocket knife to expose its razor 
  sharpness, I lifted the juncture of this expensive bra and with one twist of 
  the blade, split it open to expose those heaving delicious tits, now inches 
  from my constrained cock.
&quot;Unbutton my fly, bitch...and take my cock in your hands.&quot; Pulling
  her 
  arms now from underneath me, she awkwardly fumbled with my zipper as I 
  gripped her hair again sadistically and hissed, &quot;Now you sleazy piece
  of 
  white trash, I want you to put that cock between your fucking tits and 
  squeeze them together like your ass depends on it...cause *hahaha*...it 
  does!!&quot; She knew the routine now, and willingly did as I told, me looking 
  down into those shimmering pools of her brown, luscious eyes with tears 
  forming at the corners and running over her perfectly smooth face. Sliding 
  my hips forward and back now, I commanded, grabbing her head with my grip and 
  pulling her neck roughly to a 90 degree angle, &quot;Get your fuckin' whoreslut 
  mouth up here, you slutmachine, and get ready to suck the head of my cock as 
  I ram it harder between these hot slick tits of yours.&quot; She was beginning
  to 
  know her worth to me, and I was enjoying it even more, evidenced by the blue 
  veins along my slickened shaft as it was warmed with her insulating, wet 
  breasts. &quot;Reach out and lick it; kiss it as it comes out from this titmeat, 
  and get that juice down on your lips and taste me good, bitchfuck.&quot; I
  was 
  really beginning to enjoy this sight of her humiliation, being degraded so 
  intensely with so many of her coworkers so close by. &quot;Yeah, that's it;
  you 
  do know how to do this for me, don't you?&quot;
When I was as hot as I wanted to get from such a talented titfuck, I 
  pushed further past her firm tits and lodged my cock into her open mouth, 
  riding her as if she were a hot cunt open and ready for some rough fucking. 
  My soft cock's head sliding past her lips, her teeth, then plunging 
  deliberately and cruelly into her throat, causing her to buck underneath me 
  as she gagged from this enormous and uncaring assault on her. She no longer 
  could feel the head particularly, although she knew it was firmly restricting 
  her breathing, as it pushed past her reflexes and the hardness of my shaft 
  now replaced any guise of care she may have thought I'd have for her.
Leaving my cock deep now in her spasming throat, I said, &quot;Until you stop 
  fighting this, I'm going to have your breath cut off completely with this 
  wonderfully happy cock of mine, bitch.&quot; She was beside herself now with 
  panic, and it showed...as she lurched back and forth to disrupt this 
  penetration of her airway, gargling some sounds of terror, as she got closer 
  to her limits of endurance. I rode her like a bucking filly, enjoying 
  everything about it. She was beyond control, and soon eased into a stupor of 
  unconsciousness, as I felt her rigid body calm then grow completely limp. I 
  pulled out of her throat, not having once had her teeth graze me. I finished 
  this moment by holding my glistening pole and sending tremors of delight up 
  and down its length, until my balls formed their leathery sack and I felt 
  that wonderful urging of my cum as it flowed through my thick shaft and spurt 
  in jags of cum all over her face and hardened tits. With a sadistic twisting 
  of her nipples, pulling them roughly up towards me and letting them snap back 
  to their previous spot, I aroused her painfully to the point of gasping again 
  and bringing that much needed lungful of air back into her spent body. Had 
  her nipples not done the job of reviving her breathing, my belt slapping 
  repeatedly across her clit would have.
When she groggily came up from the black emptiness of her vacuum, she 
  awoke to a feeling of my stickiness covering her mouth, eyes, chin, neck and 
  tits. She looked at me with a newfound fear, and awareness that I was deadly 
  serious, but I also knew she had the resolve to bolt from me and even report 
  this assault to any and everyone who could make my life miserable. 
&quot;I have noticed how you treat young Porter, the intern. He is not to
  be 
  run like a dog because you have control over him, my pet. In fact, you are 
  about to show him how much you appreciate him being a part of your team. 
  When I leave here in a minute or two, I am going to have him come back in 
  alone. You are to apologize to him for disrespecting him as a man, and show 
  your sincerity by kneeling before him and sucking his cock till he comes in 
  your whorish, tramp mouth. When I know the deed has been adequately 
  performed, I am going to return here for more of what you need in order to 
  become aware of your newly gained status in regard to me.&quot; Of course she 
  looked at me again with wide-eyed denial, beginning to voice some verbal 
  regrets, when she only gargled some barely audible words.
&quot;If I discover that you have fallen short of this order, then I have
  no 
  choice but to accelerate your discipline to the point whereby you'll never 
  again deny me anything, anytime, anywhere.&quot; Deferring to my dominance
  over 
  her at this moment, she could do little but nod her head in agreement, get
  on 
  your knees on the couch, and wait for Porter. &quot;Take those clothes completely 
  off too; I don't want you to look like you've just been forced into doing 
  anything.&quot;
&quot;When I mentioned to Porter that she wanted to speak to him in the side 
  room, he gave me a quizzical look and proceeded to go into the room. Finding 
  our newly christened slutslave in her gorgeous finery, he about left without 
  a second look, except I was right there when he did turn around to leave. 
&quot;Go in, she's been needing to apologize to you for a very long time.&quot;
  With a sweeping awareness illuminating his face, the door closed behind him. 
  I could barely make out the sounds coming from within, but it did seem 
  appropriately short enough that I didn't have to figure she was recruiting 
  Porter to be a one-man task force sent to rescue her from anything perverse 
  or desirable on my part. When it grew quieter, I was able to imagine how she 
  greedily went about her mission, knowing that the faster she got him off, the 
  sooner this nightmare might end. Like with me and her gorgeously talented 
  mouth, Porter soon came with a groaning eruption of semen that I had to cover 
  up with a resounding cough, so that others wouldn't be able to hear our 
  intern getting his Christmas Bonus so intimately from his boss.
As he exited, and our eyes met, Porter smiled a most welcomed expression 
  to me, face flushed, and I likewise indicated to him that he well deserved 
  it. Entering again to the room where our gorgeous slutslave waited, I told 
  her to get her clothes back on and come with me. Those long, supple legs 
  that reached so very far into her 4 inch heels, was framed with a garter 
  belt, and panties to match. &quot;Let me have those panties, bitch...you're
  not 
  going to need to have anything to deny me for some time to come, this 
  evening.&quot; She was a most incredible specimen of a &quot;handsome&quot; female.
  She 
  did exude her ability to manage, but it also created for her a crust that she 
  found hard to leave behind when she went home from work. &quot;Forget the bra; 
  you can stuff it into this trash bag. I want you to be ready to leave this 
  little passion pit in one minute, with hair fixed, cum off, and a smile that 
  is going to turn every man's pole into the most uncomfortable tight squeeze 
  their pants have ever given them.&quot;
With the party becoming more comfortable now anyway, no one but Porter 
  noticed us leaving, and as soon as I got her outside of the door, she turned 
  to me, &quot;Why are you doing this to me?&quot;, she whined. &quot;Because
  I want to; now 
  shut up and do exactly as I say, or you'll really regret how nice I've been 
  to you so far.&quot; She sniffled back more tears, wiping her eyes and nose,
  and 
  became my &quot;date,&quot; my companion, as we seemed like any two other coworkers 
  just going somewhere for some fresh air, or drink.
As we headed to my car, leaving the building behind and entering a more 
  private zone, I quickened the pace. Finding the SUV in a remote corner of 
  the garage, out of camera surveillance, I brought her around to the driver's 
  side and pushed her with an elbow over the front hood, taking her hands 
  behind her with one hand clasping, and the other hand winding in her 
  shimmering tresses. Pushing her face down on the metal, I snarled, &quot;Take
  my 
  cock out of my pants, bitch, I want you to make sure it's nice and warm on 
  this chilly evening.&quot; She cried now, &quot;Please, please don't hurt 
  me...please.&quot; Hissing, &quot;I told you to shut up,&quot; and with that
  I pulled her 
  head back till she groaned in misery, I released her arms, and pulled her 
  skirt up over her hips myself, loosening my fly to let my bulging rod of 
  pleasure free from it's bondage. &quot;You just don't figure it out, do you?&quot;, 
  and with no warning held my cock to burst inside her pussy, already wet and 
  swollen from her episode of the last hour. Plunging it in with a single 
  ramming, I caused her to grunt, and arch, giving me ample opportunity to 
  reach around and rip her blouse off, exposing her firm, taut breasts to the 
  chill night air, not that the cold was needed to make her nipples as hard as 
  sweet pebbles of pleasure. Pushing her back down onto the cold metal once 
  again, I pulled my cock out, held it with my hand, and found her tight ass 
  completely shut off to me. With one more maniacal plunge, violating her ass 
  with disgusting and cruel brute force, I smiled in sadistic splendor as my 
  entire cock was, in the blink of an eye, surrounded by her shuddering 
  pain-racked ass. &quot;I will give you one more chance, you fucking piece of 
  whoremeat...you do exactly what I say, and you do it immediately, with no 
  hesitation, nor regard for anything but that you do it to the best of your 
  ability for my pleasure...YOU GOT THAT???&quot;, as I pulled away maybe an
  inch or 
  two and rammed it to the hilt once again for good measure, grinning in 
  perverse joy as she writhed painfully underneath me, giving my cock the 
  pleasure it deserved. &quot;Now get inside this vehicle, and lick my cock 
  completely clean, and before we stop, you better have swallowed your third 
  dose of creamy cum for the evening.&quot; Taking her torn blouse off completely 
  as she raised up, I held my hand out, looking into eyes that admitted defeat, 
  and she also proceeded to give me her skirt, leaving her with only her 
  garter, hose and heels on in a very worthy slut outfit for my evening's 
  pleasure. &quot;Good girl...you can understand me so much more now from a 
  perspective as my chosen sexslave, than you ever could before,&quot; as I smiled 
  and locked her and her loose attire in the back of my SUV.
Getting into the front, I lowered the passenger seat to horizontal, and 
  told her to make her way up to where she could properly fuck my cock with her 
  talented face. I really fantasized about seeing her beautiful brown hair 
  bobbing up and down on my cock, here in the vehicle, as I heard her slurping 
  my juices and moaning in pleasure. Slapping a nice hand on a tight ass 
  cheek, I told her to get started as I headed out of the place, toward my 
  home, far from where she could know. She was really beginning to accept this 
  moment, from all appearances, but what she didn't know was that I planned on 
  making this a very long standing engagement...as long as I wanted, no matter 
  if I worked alongside her or not. And what I was going to make sure of, was 
  that this experience so far was less than a wisp of vapor of a drop in the 
  proverbial bucket.
Within a few miles of stop and go traffic, her being visible to those 
  who had vehicles of similar height, I began to really enjoy her techniques
    of 
  oral sex. Lolling around the neck of my cock's head with a swirling tongue 
  that sucked me loudly, she would make sure the shaft stayed wet and warm by 
  every now and then plunging her head to where I felt the back of her throat. 
  She would stay there every time, until I tapped her head, whereby she could 
  again raise up and breathe into her nostrils. I liked her intelligence, as
  a 
  good lil cocksucking bitch and I told her that with a nice slap on her smooth 
  ass every now and then, just to get a grunt out of her.
I held her off from drinking my cum, as I pulled her head up, to signal 
  her to stop. She knew not to protest anything by now, and continued to wait 
  until I again let her lower her mouth onto my quivering shaft. I had her 
  hands massaging my balls, with one of her little fingers twirling inside my 
  ass, when I knew it was not going to be too long before I again spewed up in 
  her. As the moment drew closer, and she knew I was beginning to stiffen, I 
  once more pulled her head up by her hair, then began to plunge it up and down 
  on my swollen rod by my tempo, injecting pain for her with pleasure for me,
  a 
  very nice combination of erotic sexuality. When I knew I was cumming, I held 
  her halfway down so that my spunk could squirt into her mouth and she could 
  easily swallow it, and as I rammed my cock up into her warm mouth, I growled 
  as an animal as she snorted and bucked when she felt the bitter sweetness 
  splash against the back of her throat. Nice cocksucking bitch, as she 
  devoured every last morsel of my seed and juices.
Arriving at my home, I directed her to stay in the vehicle as I turned 
  off the lights and closed the garage door behind me. Within less than two 
  hours, she was compliant. Placing a leather hood over her head, I fastened 
  her arms behind her with leather padded cuffs, and again directed her into 
  the home, then down to my dungeon. I meant to mold her in a way that would 
  make her totally serve me, and that meant to break her will as it was, giving 
  her back what I interpreted to be desirable in terms of how she and I 
  related, and that was...she was my slave, I was her Master.
As she descended the cold, cavernous steps of the basement dungeon, I 
  said nothing, guiding her again with my hand on her upper arm. As we entered 
  a smaller room, I ordered, &quot;Kneel,&quot; which she did with no hesitation.
  I 
  removed her hood, although the room remained totally blackened. I twisted 
  small yellow ear plugs between my fingers so that they would expand inside 
  her outer ears, depriving her of her sense of hearing. I placed a dog's 
  choke chain over her neck and attached the free end to a nearby hook on the 
  wall, about waist high for me. There was a sanitary sort of antiseptic smell 
  to the entire dungeon, because I used that sort of room deodorizer to prevent 
  any mustiness from pervading the pleasantries I enjoyed there. I chose not 
  to deny her that sense, this time. 
I gave her my instructions, &quot;You will remain here until I have decided 
  you are properly conditioned to knowing that I am all that matters to you.&quot; 
  With nothing more, I kissed her forehead, warmly squeezed her right breast, 
  nipple hard as usual, and turned on the light. 
In front of her was a halogen work light, much like those used at 
  construction sites for brilliant illumination...blindingly so. She had just 
  been in darkness for nearly thirty minutes, so her eyes were completely 
  dialeted and when the shock of the light hit her, she recoiled in pain, 
  finding one very important thing out. She could not stand up nor lay down 
  with the positioning of the choke chain. She had to kneel, and even if she 
  turned her eyes down, closed them, or otherwise avoided the onslaught of this 
  intense brilliance, it mattered very little in robbing her of her peace and 
  solitude and comfort. 
She quickly lost all sense of time, and from being on her knees, she 
  began to hurt from my passive discipline like she'd never known before. 
  Pulling down she choked herself, her knees were aflame from bending for so 
  long. She could only bend over if she did manage to get to her knees, and as 
  she grew more weary, her balance became so unsteady she threatened to 
  severely choke herself if she did happen to sway at all. Her need to relieve 
  herself became an issue, and the blinding light began to really give her 
  delusions and a sense of numbness to reality. Within two hours she was 
  crying, and within four hours she was broken.
Having seen all of this from my remote camera, the illumination was 
  positively superb. She behaved as I thought she would, no longer than others 
  who have endured similar attention. I reentered the room, to find her as 
  passive and meek as a newborn fawn. Lifting her up by her chin, she opened 
  her eyes, worthless in seeing me from the blinding, and found as her first 
  sort of attention, a soft brushing of her parched lips with my finger and 
  another kiss on her forehead. &quot;My sweet, I am here to give you what you 
  need; are you wanting some water and a chance to relieve your bladder?&quot; She 
  nodded 'yes', and I smiled at this change of attitude from the robowoman of 
  this earlier evening. I then unchained her neck from the wall and allowed 
  her to roll over off of her knees to recline on her side, which she did with 
  painful appreciation in a moment of immense relief. She lay there for 
  several minutes, breathing, her breasts calming in time to show the stress 
  that this night had demanded of her, for now it was early morning of the next 
  day, some hours before dawn.
Finally, legs stretched, knees somewhat satisfied, I asked 
  again...&quot;Should you like to relieve yourself, first, or have some cool
  water 
  for your parched throat?&quot; &quot;Please...may I pee?&quot; &quot;Why, of
  course you can, my 
  sweet pet, there is a coffee can over in the corner, and it should fit your 
  needs splendidly.&quot; By this time, only a small sense of revulsion or shocked 
  dismay spread over her. She knew she was mine to do with, and she hesitated 
  no longer at anything. Within seconds she had crawled over to the can, 
  squatted over it, and splashed into the sides of it, filling it up in a warm 
  swirl of amber liquid. &quot;Very good, my sweet girl, now come over here and
  let 
  me give you some water.&quot; With the least amount of suspicion darkening
  her 
  eyes, now adjusted to the dimmed lights of the room, she crawled over again, 
  and with goblet in hand I proceeded to turn the purest, clearest, coolest 
  water up into her upturned mouth so that she got her first taste of 
  sustenance from me, as I chose. As the first sip emptied into her stomach,
  I 
  then reached for a silver bowl, and filled that with the remaining water I 
  had with me, about a quart in amount. Placing it on the floor in front of 
  me, I directed, &quot;Now this is how you begin, knowing that you are mine,
  to 
  enjoy as I please, and that everything you are and will be is determined by 
  me. I desire you as my slave, but tonight has been a severe test of you and 
  who you really are. I will not condemn you nor fault you to walk away from 
  here, and prosecute me to the fullest extent of the law. But I do not think 
  you want to do that, and I am willing to now take that chance. If you choose 
  to remain with me, you will be my slave, my submissive. To the outside world 
  you may subtly change, but to me there is only one Master and one slave, and 
  when you are with me, anytime or anywhere, you will serve me as my slave in 
  any and all things. I will proceed with your training until you have earned 
  the right to wear my collar, signifying my absolute ownership of you. In 
  time you will be elevated from sleeping nude in a cage, to finally sleeping 
  in my bed when I choose. You will understand the world of discipline, in all 
  of the pleasures I desire, and from tonight you may understand that I thrive 
  on passive discipline, such as what you've endured, the wooden pony, and 
  other devices I have invented for the specific purpose of sexual torture. In 
  this I commit to you that there will be no other slave to compete for my 
  attentions, and from you, I expect to hone your spirit, and your heart until 
  you are completely mine, in all that you are and do. That bowl of water in 
  front of you signifies the bond you accept to become my slave, as I have laid 
  out in these past few minutes. Accept this offer by lapping up the water 
  without the use of your hands, using only your mouth and tongue. Deny this 
  offer and I will escort you back to your vehicle, with a freshly purchased 
  outfit similar to what you wore earlier this evening. You have my word of 
  honor. It is yours now to decide.&quot;
Eyes now focused on me, full and wide, boring into me with a look I'll 
  never forget...ever...she slowly bent forward, eyes looking at mine the 
  entire time...hesitated, breasts hovering, ass tipped upwards...then lapped 
  the water with her tongue, giving small ripples to bounce off the far end of 
  the bowl.

...WolfenDom...copyright '99...

Unexpected Guests/Unwelcome Too
tired and alone, the end of a miserable week of work ...you come home
    to an empty house you turn the key...open the door...and
    sense....something...senses alerted you enter..with one step
    inside...and then your're pulled roughly by some strong vise-like
    monster of a hand...inside...
    
totally dark...you scream... but immediately his hand is over your
    mouth, smothering not just your screams, but your entire face...
    kicking, you come off of the floor but you don't hurt him at all 
    as he grabs you by your slim waist...and keeps your mouth
    covered..almost smothering you to delirium when...you feel two more
    hands...grab your ankles.. 
    
crazed with fright...hyperventilating...you are completely...helpless 
    your swing your arms...unable to do anything...you feel the ankles
    being bound quickly with rope your arms...caught behind you...hand
    cuffed your coat...torn off of you your blouse....ripped open and
    your mouth...tightly gagged to where no sound...can be heard...
    blindfolded tightly, hurting your eyes, it's so tight...
    
you are thrust up on a shoulder...and brought out the back of your
    house quickly, quietly, and without a witness...and in the space of 3
    minutes....you are gone kicking...screaming into your soundproof
    gag...you hear only laughter 
and then you hear a van door slide open.. tossed roughly like a sack
  of potatoes, you feel your body sail thru the air...anticipating a
  hard fall but you hit foam mattresses bouncing softly...as you are
  aware...of another one...in the van....3 MEN!!! 
you are crying..with fright...knowing you are helpless..and no one
  expects you to be anywhere....tomorrow...a Saturday no one will miss
  you until Monday you cry...and are met with a slap across the face... 
&quot;Shut the fuck up, BITCH!!!&quot; you whimper..and draw up into a fetal
  position 
  
  the drive...you have no idea where..is long you hear traffic...
  until....you are fitted with ear plugs..you are beyond sensing
  anything, tears saturating your gag, along with your own saliva,
  crazed like a mad dog...but the dread in your heart...the panic in
  you mind...and the hardness of your nipples...are exposed to them,
  excited and pleading for attention...and what they will do in their
  own way of dealing with you 
  
  seemingly hours later..those same rough, calloused hands...push your
  pussy wide open and plunge inside your warm wetness to degrade and
  abuse your wet cunt...they laugh while hurting you sadistically until
  you almost pass out and your breasts being squeezed, bitten and
  slapped...so roughly without any concern to you your nipples pulled
  almost off of you a slap in the cheek again.. they ask you ...close
  to your ears..to spread your legs..you don't...and they hit you hard
  in the stomach..knocking the breath out of you...
  
  and then the van stops gasping for any air...almost crazy with this
  ordeal...you fear the worst...after they rape you, what will they
  finish you with...they drag you out...one holding your shoulders..the
  other your ankles...into the cold dark air you sense the inside of a
  building... and feel your body again flying thru the air this time
  landing on a huge bed...totally quiet...you are told...with the ear
  plugs removed to stand up...as they undo the ropes that have reddened
  and chafed your smooth skin so savagely...and take your remaining
  tattered clothes off...to music...keeping the blindfold on....you
  begin to take off..what is still not shredded and long gone they have
  a whip that lashes your legs, the cadence not measured, so it brings
  a sharp cry of pain each time it strikes your porcelain flesh,
  creating bright red welps all over your tender flesh 
...someone tells you to dance while they watch...strip for them...
  make them hard...they want to fuck you so bad or let their dog...have
  you...if you don't fuck them well enough...
  
  if you fuck them as the best cuntfuck they've had...they may let you
  live...but if any one of the three say you're not the finest whore
  they've ever abused...the huge dog...with a cock like a horse..is
  going to split you wide open and then...they are going to let
  you...be sold to a white slaver...to take you somewhere to be sold on
  the market...perhaps in the orient or deep into some isolated spot in
  Africa...
or just kill you...and be done with you if you don't appreciate them
  enough 
  
  you hear the dog... it is huge..pacing...around the same room 
  the dog moans...too...as he's leashed and kept away for now 
  
  without clothes...without hand cuffs..or ankles even tied they tell
  you to lay on the bed... spread eagle...arms to the corners too...and
  don't move if they have to tie you..they will beat you senseless... 
  and then fuck you the same..nothing now from you but obeying... 
  you are nothing but warm fuckflesh...waiting to be fucked as they
  choose...your pussy is wet, swollen, and eager...but your mind is
  crazed to almost unconcious fear...
a hand drags your head up to slam a 6&quot; thick, 12&quot; long cock down
  your
  throat...you never imagined such blue veins, pink flesh, and this
  enormous cock head ever being possible to push inside your waiting
  orifice of a mouth...your tongue gets out of the way then pulls it
  in...the back of your throat gags, breathing stops...and his hands
  pull and push your head up and down on this massive rod, uncaring
  that you can't breathe...as you feel another hard, sadistic slap on
  your pussy...just before your eyes grow wild with pain when a huge
  cock shoves to the hilt in one uncaring thrust of mean sadistic
  pain...another hand grips your nipples and tearing them away from
  your breasts so that you turn instinctively to that harsh pull to
  keep those nipples attached...and you flip immediately over...
  when the huge cock pulls you over on top of him and the facefuck
  grabs your hair and turns his cock in you 180 degrees when you flip
  to expose your wet, tight ass to the one who began to rip those
  hardened nipples... breathing again, you accept this torture, knowing
  you mean nothing but wet hot flesh to these sadists... 
  
  knowing this other's cock is about to fill your tight ass with more
  or the same cruelty, you try to relax as the head rams past your
  rim... shuddering with pain you feel both these cocks against one
  another fucking back and forth on their own measured cadences... 
  as you gargle the spit and juices of this cock so deep in and down
  your throat...your face pushing into his pubic hair each time he
  thrusts your head down again...faster and faster... 
  
  tits bitten, ass slapped, face slapped...you know you're about to
  taste and feel hot loads of vicious cum spewing up into your body and
  down your throat...and you fuck them all with intensity bordering
  crazed insanity...your body alive as if electrified...you fuck like
  this animal they want you to be... 
  
  laughing at this bitch you are...they begin to gasp and shudder as
  the hot spunk rises inside balls covered by their leathery sack... 
  moaning now, facefuck grabs your head and violently slams deep in
  your throat...erupting in huge wads of cum his cockhead swells and
  burst his load down deep past your throat...slapping your face he
  fucks relentlessly, bucking his hips into you...as the cum continues
  to gag you even more than your swallowing allows... 
  
  and before he's done... cuntfuck and assfuck begin their own fevered
  clutchings of your tits and hips...cursing loudly, slapping you so
  hard your ass and tits sting long after each smack...you are lost in
  this dance of degradation...your mind separates from your body...and
  you look down to see this person so ravaged...not realizing you see
  yourself...and you become aroused to the highest degree...zapped back
  into your body by your own instincts to orgasm...your pussy expands
  inside and your ass tilts to fuck them both senseless, as you are... 
  explosion of cumpower devastates your sense of rightness, morals...
  and you scream around the thick cock in your mouth...as you meet the
  eruptions of sadists with your own spewing of cunt juices when your
  pussy explodes in resonating crashes of animal lust... you shake,
  scream, and tremble as you fuck deeply back and forth, breasts
  jiggling while bitten... brutally realizing that finding your own
  depraved needs of evil erotic punishment to be what you've needed for
  so very long to fill that vastness of sadistic passion you've never
  known... 
  
  the cocks pump loads of cum, squeezing out of your ass and pussy... 
  draining and dripping from the holes, mouth included...you become a
  canvas for their cum to be smeared in your face, hair, on your
  back, tits, and ass... 
  
  regaining their breath...they laugh and mock you, stupidfuck...
  pull your hands together, tying them to a bar in the middle of the
  headboard...
  loosening the dog, and tying his collar around you while your head is
  jerked up and tied back... 
  so you can watch this dog fucking you in a mirror angled in front of
  you...the beast approaches...already his massive cock exposed... 
  
  (more later about the dog and his needs met) 
  
  ...copywright '98...WolfenDom
Unexpected Guests - Part Deuce
...when we last witnessed our pretty victim, she was so gorgeous, a sheen
  of
  lustsweat covering her entire toned body, cum spewed in and all over her,
  tied so uncomfortably to a bed...her head in a position to watch the large
  male beast approach her, and with his long red cock glistening with
  need...she, unfortunately...passed out from all the evening's events...tsk
  tsk tsk...and there was so much more of her to be enjoyed...oh, well...the
  wolf is really being upset that he didn't have his promised meal of her open
  flesh...
...as she was delivered back from whence she came...she was delicately placed
  back into her own bed, in her own home...washed, perfumed, and dressed in a
  very provocative lace teddy...she could have awakened during this entire
  time, but didn't...as her heart rate was monitored by my specialists, whom
  to
  her were marauding predators...but actually doing their jobs as my trained
  and very well rewarded assistants...
...sleeping the sleep of the dead practically, she slept for 21 straight
  hours...totally worn and exhausted by her encounter with me...her future
  master...with her intentionally and totally unaware as to what really
  happened inside her mind and her emotional core...
...beside her bed a bountiful bouquet of flowers were soothing the room with
  their fragrant scents wafting across her mind...the select wine and basket
    of
  fruit, breads, and cheese was only to allow her to know that much more was
  indeed in her future with me...and the cassette recording, beside my card,
  directed her to listen to what I needed of her now...
...three days is the usual amount of time a woman can stand not to know...
...she listened...and without one shred of doubt...I knew I had captured my
  next slave, emotionally, spiritually, physically, and mentally...she was
  mine...
...within a month, because I do such extensive covert research ahead of time,
  as I prepare for my choice of submissives, she was a novitiate in the
  sanctuary, my training resort where willing females learn the art and life
  of
  being a well-trained and proficient slave...
...it takes a great deal of time and effort to insure that the selection of
  a
  slave is correctly executed and handled with the utmost consideration of her
  needs; discretion and anonymity being entirely the utmost of priorities...so
  many women will defy that awareness and even more will deny it pertains to
  them personally...but, inside every woman...is that desire to be possessed
  by
  a man who cares nothing for her comfort...only wants to use her for his own
  pleasure...a simple slave to her master...every woman, everywhere...
...the following weeks allowed her to become aware of who she was always
  afraid to be and who I was in particular...finding me totally open to
  discuss with her all that I am, and all that I intended her to be...a
  sexslave totally devoted to my pleasures...or to my short list of
  clients...whichever I preferred...
...she resented and resisted, as they all do...citing her need for
  independence, self-direction, respect/honor, all the imaginations she had
  ever used to vindicate herself from becoming totally immersed into any
  man...and of course...none of these held any signifigance to me...I had seen
  the puppies playfully go round and round before...trying to nip but not be
  caught...this winsome game of tag...she knew I knew her...and she just had
  to
  be given some time before she had no more excuses to fool herself with...
...she came to me...exactly 32 days after the abduction and sadistic pleasure
  of her first night with me and my men...hmmm...I have to analyze why she
  resisted as long as she did...the usual time was 30 days...
...join in now; view if you will, as you so willingly did before, as I relate
  precisely how I allowed her to encounter me, when she returned to my abode,
  here at the sanctuary...so lavishly ornate in dungeon paraphenalia...et al...
...&quot;welcome my dear; it's been far too long to be without your attentions.
  I
  have yet to enjoy your body personally, and my wolf, that you may have only
  briefly remembered, is long overdue for you as well&quot;...
...&quot;yes master...i am here to fulfill your desires in whatever way you
  may
  choose to enjoy this slave of yours.&quot;...
...&quot;you are my prettiest lil bitch...ever...and I need to have this energy
  inside me satiated...I'd so love having you....near me to play with...expose
  and fuck....in any and all ways possible&quot;...&quot;yes&quot;
...&quot;chains...leather...nylon...anything...that is what I need...tying
  you for
  long periods of time...to delight your senses...feeling you responding to
  me...knowing that all your defenses are melting before me, as you have no
  other choices left, but my choices for you, and you willingly give all you
  are to me...&quot;
...&quot;Yes Master...I need to serve you; it has been too long&quot;...
...&quot;take your clothes off then, woman&quot;...&quot;Yes sir&quot;...::stripping
  quickly::

...&quot;taste your wet cunt to enjoy your nectar, my young sexvixen&quot;...
...&quot;pinch your small breasts...and then your nipples...twist and pull
  them...for me&quot;...&quot;Yes Master&quot;...&quot;ache...for me girl...open
  those windows so
  that you can look out, and be seen&quot;...::pulling and tugging each
  nipple::..&quot;Yes sir&quot;...
...&quot;rim your ass with lubricant...and slide the butt plug in...all the
  way to
  the hilt&quot;...&quot;Yes sir&quot;...::pushing it in::&quot;mmmmmm&quot;...
...&quot;clamp your pussy lips...spread them...clamp them&quot;...&quot;yes
  master&quot;...
  ::doing as told::...&quot;slide this thick black vibrator...inside your wet,
  dripping cunt...and turn it on&quot;...&quot;Yes sir...Mmm&quot;...&quot;now
  with these nipple
  clamps...put them on your hardened buds, and let me see your face when you
  release their bite&quot;...&quot;Yes Master..sssssssssssss......ooooooooooooooo&quot;....
&quot;good girl...now kiss me...and tell me you love me&quot;...&quot;i do sir...mmmmmmm...
  i do love you, master...ohhhhh, this hurts so much on my breasts, sir&quot;...
&quot;you'll get to where you feel naked without them my sweet slavepet&quot;...
...&quot;stand closer to the window now and show anyone who might be able
  to...that you're enjoying being so nasty for your master...that you will do
  anything to please him&quot;...my wolf, chained to his wall is licking his
  chops
  by this time...
...&quot;take this flesh-toned dildo&quot;...&quot;Yes sir&quot;...&quot;and
  push it down your
  throat&quot;...the wolf's red cock is now getting so red and so wet...and so
  very
  long...&quot;turn now, my hot little slut, and see the wolf whom you have met
  earlier...see his enormous cock...play with it...with your feet&quot;...&quot;mmm
  mmmmm
  mmmm&quot;...&quot;push his hard cock with your feet&quot;...::rubbing his
  cock with her
  feet::...&quot;take your dildo further into your mouth&quot;...::forcing the
  dildo down
  her throat, deeper, deeper::...&quot;now take that out of your mouth, I have
  other
  plans for that warm talented tongue of yours&quot;...&quot;yes, Master&quot;...
...&quot;lick your hands,and grab hold of his shaft&quot;...exposed, red,
  wet, and oh,
  so swollen and alive...&quot;pump his cock...a few times......for he's going
  to
  fuck you...soon&quot;...::licking her hand::...&quot;want to taste him, do
  you?&quot;...
&quot;I...yes Master, I do&quot;...&quot;lick him baby....just one small lick&quot;... &quot;Master...
  no...I shouldn't ...it would be so bad of me&quot;...&quot;yes...you know you
  want to
  do that, you want to taste his cock in your mouth&quot;...&quot;Yes sir&quot;...&quot;you
  are so
  delightfully bad for me&quot;...::licking his cock once::
...&quot;I adore you slavegirl&quot;...&quot;Yes master&quot;...&quot;is that
  turgid cock pulsing?&quot;...
&quot;Yes...it is, sir&quot;...&quot;do you want to be my slave?&quot;...&quot;Yes
sir, I do...more
  than anything, sir&quot;...&quot;do you want to lick my cock...feel it inside
  you...as
  this wolf does?&quot;...&quot;Yes sir...i want to please you in any way...i
  need you
  sir&quot;...
...&quot;do you want to let my wolf fuck you...so you'll cum&quot;...&quot;it
  will please me
  if it will please my master too&quot;...&quot;first though, cum for me...before
  he gets
  to have you...cum for me, my sexy slavevixen&quot;...&quot;Yes master...to
  cum for you,
  sir&quot;...&quot;let your vibrator and dildo...do the pleasures&quot;...::leaning
  into all
  her toys::...&quot;loudly&quot;...::feeling hot everywhere:: she is moaning...the
  wolf
  begins to bark...he wants her...his cock...out, extending...throbbing...
...&quot;let him lick your cunt&quot;...&quot;Oh yes sir&quot;...::rubbing
  her clit::...&quot;spread
  your legs...and let him eat you&quot;...::spreading legs wider::...&quot;fuck
  his face
  slave&quot;...&quot;Oh yes...mmmmmmmm&quot;...&quot;pinch your tits, butt plug
  in deep
  bitch&quot;...&quot;Umm&quot;...&quot;let him make you cum with his rough salty
  tongue&quot;...&quot;Oh yes
  sir&quot;...the wolf begins to nip at her wet nether lips in this excitement
  he
  thoroughly enjoys...&quot;he wants you for his bitch, and I've let him have
  one or
  two, just for himself alone, to keep him satisfied over the years&quot;...&quot;sir,
  he
  is biting me!!!&quot;...&quot;He's taking you for his bitch...but you're mine;
  pull
  your lips wide apart now for him...and let him have more of you...take the
  vibrator out, so he can lick your nasty lil cunt so very deep now&quot;...&quot;please
  sir&quot;...she looks at me with that mournful look of resignation, knowing
  she's
  to be whatever I choose for her to be...and now realizing it's also what she
  wants, but still has to show some signs of restraining decency...if that at
  all could matter to me, her, or my wolf...now highly excited and enjoying his
  feast of her magnificent flesh...she is so aroused despite her shame and
  humiliation...I smile knowing her future already is made from this moment
  on...
...I harshly remove the attached, tight clamps now from her hardened nipples,
  causing her to wince in pain...sucking in the air so swiftly between her
  teeth...calming barely as the wolf keeps up his lapping of her juiced
  cunt...shamelessly searching for his snout, as if it had a will of its own
  now...&quot;You love this, don't you...my sweet slave...my pretty lil bitch?&quot;...&quot;I
  love making you happy, Master; I do it all for you&quot;...&quot;Maybe I'll
  let him
  lick you..while I fucked you're lonely ass from behind&quot;...&quot;Ummmmmm&quot;...&quot;you
  sitting down on my cock, facing away from me, as he likes to continue licking
  your cunt and my balls at the same time, me thick and full all the way
  impaling your tight rim, slavefuck&quot;...&quot;ohhhhh, yesssss&quot;...&quot;as
  your tits
  bounced&quot;...
...&quot;may I cum now, Master???...please sir&quot;...&quot;noooooo&quot;...&quot;please
  master&quot;...&quot;no, don't cum...push the wolf away for now&quot;...&quot;ooooohhhhhhh,
  yes
  sir&quot;...she was so close to a deliciously wicked orgasm...I love to keep
  my
  slaves hovering at that edge...of total surrender to their needs for
  release...taunting and sadistically teasing them for my own wicked
  pleasure...&quot;bring him back now...let him lick you again&quot;...&quot;i
  will cum
  sir&quot;...grabbing a fist full of her hair, jerking her eyes to look deep
  into
  mine...menacing...sadistically cruel...&quot;when I tell you to...and only
  then
  will you cum for me, my pretty lil whorefuck&quot;... the wolf is on her again,
  devouring her quivering snatch, licking all her juices, as her clit is
  shamelessly rubbed deep into his snout... &quot;Mmmmm...Master please!!!!&quot;....
&quot;finger your clit now...my slave..and now...CUM!!!!!!&quot;....::moaning::...&quot;Yes
  master&quot;...::screaming::...convulsions take over her as if she's a rag
  doll,
  tossed in the wind...totally out of control as her arms flail...her hips jerk
  as if juiced with electricity...mouth wide open as her screams curdle the
  hairs on the back of my neck...I have never yet seen such a hideous display
  of raw animal pleasure sweep over any woman...ever before...she truly is his
  bitch... and she wants nothing more than to be just that...
...with tears streaming down her cheeks...sighing deep gulps of fresh air
  into her labored lungs...I reach up to pull her head back down to my
  face...cruelly twisting her hair in my grasp...&quot;whose bitch are you now,
  my
  whorefuck?&quot;...&quot;i am your bitch, sir...your whorefuck...your slave...forever&quot;
...&quot;next time...my pretty lil girl...you'll have both of our cocks devouring
  your tight sexy body, if you earn that privilege...now...crawl out of here,
  dogswhore...and back to your cell, where you'll find a cage has been made for
  you to learn all there is to being a bitch...I see that your secret dark
  desires are now in the light&quot;...
...copywright '99...
She had evolved her desires into a flavor and need beyond a man's 
attention...still devoted entirely to me, though...she could not deny her 
urges for my wolf...and I allowed her to develop her personal need to satisfy 
them...as she loved to do for me...
&quot;Wolf
  Lust&quot;
The evening ushered in the cool nocturnal breezes amidst the last yawns 
  of summer. I was inside my comfortable dungeon, windows so open to enjoy 
  these breaths of nature, when I summoned my prettiest slave to attend to me 
  for that evening...
&quot;Girl, I have had nothing this day to quench my need for pleasure...and 
  for that matter, neither has my wolf&quot;...
&quot;Nor I, Master&quot;... 
&quot;You mean to say, since I have been gone on business for an entire 
  two weeks he hasn't had his slickness up in you again?&quot;...and with a small 
  grin creasing the corners of my mouth...&quot;or do you not really care for
  that 
  so much?&quot; 
::grin::&quot;No Master...&quot;He hasn't, Sir.&quot; 
&quot;Hmmm...why not?&quot; 
&quot;Master, I don't know how I feel actually...&quot;
&quot;Vixen, I told you that he could...&quot;
&quot;Yes, Sir...but...&quot;
&quot;But also...I much would rather have you for just me...and let this 
  beast find another for his needs...you are that special to me...yet I 
  understand and give you your personal desires for such pleasure as you find 
  in serving him too...&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Master&quot; 
&quot;But what&quot;?
&quot;In the heat of the moment I enjoy it, Sir, I like to be the dog's 
  bitch...but not if the moment isn't right.&quot; 
&quot;I see...and you are my prettiest lil bitch...ever...you do know that, 
  slave?&quot;
::grin::&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; 
&quot;Now, girl, I need to have this energy inside me satiated...I so love 
  having you....to play with...expose and fuck....in any and all ways 
  possible...in chains...leather....nylon....anything...that is what I need 
  tonight...precious bitch...tying you for long periods of time...to delight 
  your senses...feeling your responding to me as my body empties into you...all 
  that I am...&quot;
&quot;Yes, Master...I need to cum too...it's been far too long for me too,
  as 
  you've been away, I am feeling so needy, Sir...&quot; 
&quot;Begin pleasuring me; take your clothes off then, cutest slut... 
&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;::stripping quickly::
&quot;While I sit here watching you...dip your finger inside yourself; taste 
  your wet cunt and let me watch as you enjoy your nectar.&quot;
&quot;Mmmm, Sir...so yummy too...&quot;
&quot;Now my pretty young whore...pinch your small breasts...and then your 
  nipples...twist and pull them...for me&quot;...
&quot;Yes, Master.&quot;
&quot;I want you to ache....for me baby...open these windows more so that
  you 
  can look out and be seen...to be enjoyed...&quot;
&quot;Yes, Sir&quot;::pulling and tugging each nipple:: 
&quot;Sexy slut...now rim your ass with the lubricant there...and slide the 
  butt plug in...all the way to the hilt&quot;...
&quot;Yes, Master&quot;...::pushing it in::&quot;Mmmmmm...ohhhhhhh...Sir&quot;...
&quot;Now, my hot lil whorefuck...clamp your pussy lips...spread them...clamp 
  them...TIGHT...&quot; 
&quot;Yes, Master&quot;...::doing as told:: 
&quot;Good, my pretty girl...now take this huge thing...slide this thick 
  vibrator...way deep inside your wet cunt...and turn it on...show anyone who 
  might be able to pass by...that you're enjoying being so nasty for your 
  Master, and will do anything to please Him...&quot;
&quot;Yes, 
  Sir&quot;...&quot;ohhhhh...ohhhhhhh...ahhhhh...ohhhhhhh...mmmm...ahhh...Thank
  you, 
  Master&quot;... 
The wolf is pacing now...licking his chops... 
&quot;Such a sweet sexy girl you are, Slave...Now...take the other dildo and 
  push it down your throat&quot;...
&quot;Yes. Sir&quot;...::inch by inch disappearing down her upturned throat... 
&quot;Ah...I see the wolf's cock is getting wet...and long...play with it, 
  slut...with your feet...my pretty fuck...push his hard cock with your 
  feet......since you're so busy with all the rest of your charms now&quot;... 
::rubbing his cock with her feet:: 

&quot;Take your dildo down your throat even more...as deep as you have ever
  had 
  anything...my pretty fucktoy&quot;...
::forcing the dildo down her throat deeper, deeper, until it is almost 
  entirely inside her throat and mouth...such exquisite servitude I enjoy with 
  this gorgeous creature:: 
&quot;Pretty bitch...slide that dildo out of your throat now...and lick your 
  hands...and hold his shaft...so exposed now, and red...pump his cock...a few 
  times...soothe him to be still...for he's going to fuck you....soon...soothe 
  him with your hands for now&quot;... 
&quot;Yes, Master&quot;...::Licking her hand::
&quot;Want to taste him, do you&quot;? 
&quot;I...Yes, Master...I do&quot;...
&quot;Lick him...baby....just one small lick&quot;...
&quot;Master..no, please, Sir...I shouldn't...it would be so bad of me.&quot;
&quot;Yes...it is okay for that...you want to and you are so delightfully
  bad 
  for me, my nasty lil slaveslut&quot;... 
::licking his cock once:: 
&quot;Ah...I adore you serving me, as I watch my wolf's cock pulse in your 
  sweet mouth&quot;... 
&quot;Yes, Master, I want to please you in any way...I need you, Sir.&quot; 
&quot;Do you want to be my personal slave, to serve me as long as I care to 
  have you?&quot; 
&quot;Yes. Sir...I do...more than anything, Sir&quot;... 
&quot;Now...my hot lil slut...As I see your body so tuned now for 
  pleasures...do you want to let this wolf fuck you...so you'll cum...as my 
  precious fuckslave?&quot;...
&quot;It will please me, Sir...if it will please my Master too.&quot;... 
&quot;I want your first wave of orgasmic energy to sweep over you as you cum
  for 
  me...before he gets to have you...let the vibrator and dildo....do the 
  pleasures...as you lean into the toys...with you moaning and squirming so 
  loudly...anyone can hear your release&quot;... 
::feeling hot everywhere::...moaning, as her body is lost in the 
  pleasure of this moment enraptured with me watching her orgasm helplessly in 
  her attitude of service to me...the wolf paces nervously...chained to the 
  wall...back and forth...yipping...barking now...as she knows his need for 
  her...wanting her...needing her...his cock...out...throbbing...so long...wet 
  and red...slick from his rough pouch...distended to the floor... 
&quot;Pretty bitch...let him lick your cunt...spread your legs...and let him 
  eat you&quot;... 
&quot;Oh, yes sir.&quot;...::spreading legs wider:: 
&quot;Fuck his face slave...give him all of your wet pussy to smear all over 
  his snout.&quot;
&quot;Oh Yes Sir!!!...oh...he's so hot for me, Sir...he's licking me so 
  deep...up inside my cunt, Sir...His tongue...is...mmmmmm...ummmm...soooooo 
  deep...salty tongue...rough...not stopping Sir...oh...oh....ohhhhhh&quot;...as
  she 
  began that inevitable tumble into her own bestial urges of the shuddering 
  spasms she ached for...constantly... 
Nipping at her with his teeth...into her soft flesh...my slaveslut...came 
  with an energy only my wolf could give her...making her his bitch once 
  more...and knowing the night would have her attending him inside her 
  cage...as she presented herself to him on all fours...as long as he cared to 
  use her... 
...This night I enjoyed two other younger slavegirls in my chambers...as just 
  outside the view of my bed...on the portico...the bars of the cage rattled 
  throughout this summer's eve...my pretty slave insuring her wolf had his fill 
  of her body...till the morning's dawn...
Copyright '99
  WolfenDom


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WolfenDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





