BDSM Library - Transformed into a Frenchmaid Bondage Bitch




Transformed into a Frenchmaid Bondage Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ron is a fetish bondage enthuiast who is transformed and punished with stringent bondage as his alter ego - Frencmaid Rhonda.
  TRANSFORMED INTO A BALLGAGGED FRENCHMAID BONDAGE BITCH                                                 
                              PART ONE

 My name is Ron/Rhonda. I have been interested in fetish and erotic bondage,
along with crossdressing, since I was a young man. Fantasies of tightly laced
black leather corsets,short sexy Frenchmaid outfits, tightly cinched leather
restraints,stiff leather discipline collars, and moist deeply painted bright red
lips wrapped around a deeply set ballgag continually lingered in my mind. As I
grew older, I began to collect the implements necessary to turn me into my
fantasy - a stringently bound and ballgagged Frenchmaid named Rhonda. I ordered
a black latex Frenchmaid costume over the internet,  along with a stylishly, but
short, jetblack wig and the proper undergarments, including black fishnet
stockings. The six inch black leather sandals were expensive, but worth every
penny.From another bondage gear site, I obtained a great variety of gags,
including every type of ballgagging device I could locate. It would be fair to
call me a gag enthusiast.

  At first my adventures were all confined to self-bondage.I would spend hours
practicing my makeup application, until the face in the mirror was of a heavily
madeup younglady, including pouting red lipsticked lips and eyes with dark long
eyelashes and heavy deep colored eye shadow.Very erotic and at the same time
very sensual. I would then fit and comb my black wig to continue my
transformation from man to maiden.Next would be attaching my 2 inch long
dangling rhinestone earings and adding the three inch black discipline collar,
cinched tight!

  Picking up the bright red two inch ballgag with the one inch wide buckling
strap was pure heaven!! Ever so sensually I would part my painted lips and
slowly force the two inch hard red rubber ball between them until I felt it
seated deeply behind my teeth.The wide strap forced me to wrap my moist red lips
more deeply around the large rubber sphere. Once my gag was buckled tightly, I
would be ready to move on with my transformation. My leather bra and panties
along with my black fishnet stocking were next in the process. Finally strapping
on my spiked bondage sandals, I was enthralled by the way they arched my fishnet
clad legs. I couldn't help turning every so often to get a glimps in the full
length mirror of the ever progressing transformation. As always, the bulge in my
leather panties was growing. I was getting excited and would fumble somewhat as
I dressed in the short black latex maid outfit. Adding the final touches of the
brief white apron, matching headpiece, and opera length black latex gloves,
always raised my level of excitement. Once again I would view the image in the
mirror and marvel at the eroticism of the latex costume and the  potency of the
jaw stretching ballgag!! Now for some stringent self-bondage.

 Over a period of time, I had amassed quite a collection of leather restraints.
Seated fully dressed as above, I would seat myself in a straight backed chair
and begin the binding process. With crossed ankles,the usual method of binding
my legs consisted of eight black leather straps, cinched as tightly as possible,
in progression, between my ankles and upper thighs.My flesh would bulge around
the staps as they bit deeply into my fishnet clad legs. The tingling sensation
was very erotic and sensual as it again raised my level of excitement. Placing a
powerful vibrator against my bulging panties, I would slowly bring myself to an
explosive climax with my red lips quivering around the ballgag emitting muted
sounds of a deep and exciting climax.Eventually, I came to realize that partial
self bondage was not enough and I became determined to find a partner who would
place this sensous Frenchmaid, called Rhonda, into the truly stringent hogtied
bondage bitch that was her real self.

  The ad on the internet was quite to the point. " BONDAGE MODEL AVAILABLE - DOM
OR SUB - FLEXIBLE and ABLE TO TRAVEL - LOVE HOGTIES-STRINGENT PROLONGED BONDAGE
AND MOUTHGAGS- CONTACT---" After some initial conversations, Beth,as I came to
know her, and myself agreed to meet.The first session was strictly as Beth being
the sub. After a couple of scenes ( we videotaped all scenes) it became apparent
that she could indeed handle strict ties and mouthfilling ballgags -She knew her
way around the bondage scene. It was an afternoon filled with her being bound
and gagged in a variety of positions while very stringently ballgagged and she
even asked me to make her elbows touch-no problem. At the conclusion of the
session, I explained that for our next session , I would be dressed as Rhonda,
in my Frenchmaid Costume, she would be the Dominat Mistress, and I was to be
completely at her mercy as she would be in charge for the entire afternoon and I
was to be strngently bound and gagged in a variety of super tight positions.She
readily agreed with a knowing smile, that in retrospect, was a foreshadowing of
demanding things to come.

  The day of our next session, I had laid out my hugh collection of bondage gear
and nervously awaited her arrival.I was attired in my Frenchmaid outfit and full
heavy makeup when she arrived. She was wearing a short leather skirt along with
long gloves, black stockings, and six inch black spiked heels. Her nipples
protroded from her black leather bra. With a stern look on her face, and without
saying a word, she motioned me to sit on the couch. My arms were twisted behind
my back and I heard the click as a pair of handcuffs were quickly applied. I
started to say something, but she put her finger to her lips as a message to
remain quiet.I watched apprehensively as she picked up a two inch red  rubber
ball harnessgag and approached me, smiling ever so slightly."Open wide,Rhonda"
she mused as she stepped behind me and lowered the giant orb in front of my
painted lips. I eagerly opened my mouth to receive my gag.The ball spread my
jaws and popped behind my teeth as she strapped it to a tightness I had never
felt before. Straps on either side of the ball passed on either side of my nose
and were connected to another strap that went over my head and connected to the
main ballgag strap at the nape of my neck. Another strap went from the main
strap under my chin. All the straps were cinched tightly and pressed deeply into
my flesh. I grimaced and tried to complain, but only deep mutted sounds escaped
this most severe gag. My lips were pulled back around the gag producing an
expression of surprise at the severity of the gagging process. Another attempt
to complain brought a sharp slap across my face and cheeks - I remained silent."
Well my little ballgagged Frenchmaid, you are about to find out what REAL
BONDAGE is all about",she said with a haughty look on her face. My legs were
next bound with a succession of black leather straps from my ankles to my upper
thighs. She grinned as she tighented each strap until it almost disappered into
my flesh. This was no tingling sensation, but a deep biting pain, with a
resulting numbness, but somehow I was still becomming more excited. I bit down
on the ball of my harness gag as she began to immobilize my arms.Tight leather
straps were placed encircling me above and below my protruding breasts. She
removed the handcuffs and replaced them with a leather wrist restraint which
forced my hands into a tight palm to palm constriction. As she tightened the
leather keeper, I knew there would be no escape.I didn't think it was possible,
but the Mistress tightened each of my upper body restraints untill I bucked back
and forth in the unforgiving leather bonds."Learn to live with it honey", was
all I heard. " Now Rhonda, what was that you mentioned about a stringent hogtie?
You are about to find out."

  My bound ankles were drawn up as tightly as possible to my already aching
wrists, and secured with yet another of her binding straps.My quivering body was
placed in a bowed position with tension I had only immagined in my wildest
dreams. My lips were working the ballgag in a frantic expression of hogtied
horror, but somehow I was getting even more sexually excited with the bizarre
mistreatment." One final touch and we will see", she murmered as yet another
strap was fastened to the o-ring at the top of my harness gag and tethered to my
bound ankles. She pulled back until my head was in the most stringent of
positions and I knew truely like what it was to experience the ultimate  high of
being a severely hogtied and ballgagged Frenchmaid bondage bitch. My Mistress
took a seat across the room to enjoy her handiwork. I struggled as much as
possible with my erection reaching a level never before experienced. What a
sight I must have made for the Mistress. Rocking furiously back and forth as
much as my bowed hogtie would permit, I found myself pressing my heightened
member into the carpet until - I exploded with the longest and most satisfying
climax I had ever experienced. Shaking in my bonds and drooling from my gag, I
felt a satisfying release unimaginable prior to now. She looked down at my
quivering form and said softly, " That will be three hundred dollars and what
time should I arrive next week?" My gagged words came out as " Vat are yoou
dooling tomerrow?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R. Trent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





