BDSM Library - Kelly & Connie




Kelly & Connie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A straight and somewhat uptight teacher is transformed into her butch friend's pussy girl.
This is Kelly's story, "Lesbian Pussy," re-written as a love-offering by connie.    



Kelly & Connie

by 

Kelly M. and sub_connie




From the moment she moved into the neighborhood, until, 10 years later, when 
I suddenly discovered boys (and they discovered me), Kelly was my best 
friend.  We made a good pair -- she was big and tough and athletic and 
shrewd, and I was developing into a real "brain."  We rather drifted apart 
the last couple of years of high school, though, and pretty well lost touch 
when I went away to college.  Four years ago, when I came back to teach in 
the university here, we became re-acquainted.  Whereas my life had 
progressed along a pretty straight academic path, Kelly had wandered.  She'd 
gotten married young and soon divorced.  She had two kids -- twin girls then 
age 9.  She had done power-lifting for a while, and, thanks to her large 
divorce settlement -- which she had invested shrewdly -- was at least 
semi-independent financially.  She was also heavily into New Age 
mumbo-jumbo, "alternate life style philosophy," and weird pseudo-science.  
She had had a series of gurus or swamis or psychics or whatever the current 
buzz-word was.  And she kept trying to interest me in that stuff.

She was my old friend, but all that just bored me silly.  

As much as we differed mentally, we differed physically more.  I am almost 
5'2" tall, 110 lbs. (more or less), 32A-23-33 -- with reddish brown hair, 
hazel eyes, and fair skin.  I have to admit I'm rather flat-chested (though 
my nipples are pretty well-developed and quite sensitive).  My legs are slim 
but okay, I guess.  Even now, people often refer to me as a "cute little 
girl," and I find that both embarrassing and exciting. 

Kelly, in contrast, was 5'7" tall, 160(!) muscular pounds, maybe 36C-26-38.  
She had short black hair, pale blue eyes...and a number of tattoos!  She 
looked good when she was well-covered, but, in summer, in a crop-top and 
short-shorts....   

This year, early June was unseasonably hot.  I had just finished turning in 
the last of my grades and was so looking forward to 3 months of rest and 
relaxation, when Kelly came by for a visit.  To be polite, I asked about her 
girls.  (In actuality, I found them not a little intimidating.  At 13, they 
were already bigger and heavier than me -- with bigger breasts.  I suspected 
they were natural bullies.)  Kelly had just gotten back from a trip to 
Mexico and was dying to tell me about it.  She flopped onto my couch and 
immediately began droning on about "May-hee-co."  I was off in the kitchen 
making us some iced tea and wasn't really listening, so I missed most of the 
long story about some necklace she wanted to show me.  When I sat down 
beside her, she held up a sparkling pendant.  
   
She said, "Look at this, Connie.  Isn't it pretty the way it glitters and 
changes colors?  If you look real close, you can see beautiful designs in 
it.  Look hard...concentrate on the pendant...concentrate...." 
    
The next thing I knew it was four hours later, and Kelly was gone.  I phoned 
her immediately, and she told me that I'd fallen asleep.  She thought I must 
have been very tired, end-of-semester-working-too-hard-blues, so she had 
quietly let herself out.  I apologized, and we made plans for her to come 
over again the following day.
    
I couldn't believe I'd done that -- fallen asleep when entertaining a 
guest.  I had been tired, but....  Well, I felt rested after that nap.  
Rested and a bit restless.  As the day wore on, I realized that I was more 
than a little horny.  As usual, masturbating felt really good, but, very 
unusually, I just couldn't cum.  I'd work myself up to the flash-point...and 
then I'd just subside.  I tried off and on all afternoon and evening and 
for about an hour in bed that night.  Finally I gave up, putting it down to 
nerves.  Maybe Kelly had been right about the blues.  

The next morning I woke up just as horny, maybe more so.  I spent the whole 
morning in bed, naked, with my fingers in my pussy.  I was getting very 
needy, but I just couldn't quite cum.  I eventually had to quit and get up 
so I could shower before Kelly came over.  

And she showed up right on time.  (Dammit!  I wanted to play with myself 
some more.)

But she was a friend...and a guest.  "I'm sorry I dozed off yesterday," I 
said.  "I must have been more tired than I thought."
    
She smiled.  "That's okay, dear.  I just wanted to show you my pendant." 

She held it up and twirled it so that it caught the light beautifully.  I 
couldn't take my eyes off it.

"Just look at this pendant, Connie.  Isn't it pretty the way it changes 
colors?  If you look real hard you can see wonderful designs inside it.  
Look close now...concentrate on it...concentrate...." 

I couldn't believe it, but I fell asleep again.  "She's going to think I 
don't care about her necklace," I thought.  "Which I don't, but I do care 
about her feelings."  So I phoned her, and we had the same conversation as 
the day before, and she agreed, once again, to come over the next day.  I 
ordered a pizza and opened a beer.  By the time the pizza had arrived, I was 
so horny I ate with my left hand and diddled myself with my right.  I badly 
needed relief, but I couldn't cum.  I was at it late into the night...and 
achieved nothing but a sore twat and incipient tennis elbow.  

The next morning was a repeat.  Two days in a row I wore myself out 
masturbating, and I still couldn't reach orgasm.

The rest of the week went the same way.  Every time Kelly tried to show me 
her damn necklace I would fall asleep.  Later, I'd apologize, and we'd make 
plans to try again.  Every moment I had alone my hand was at my pussy, and 
I was trying to find that elusive orgasm.  The whole week was a horny, 
frustrating blur.  I was desperate now.  I was finger-fucking myself and 
sobbing in frustration at the same time.  I needed to cum more than I ever 
had.  I'd do anything...or so I thought.

On Friday, I'd been at it for three or four hours and was tired, extremely 
frustrated, and on the verge of tears, when the doorbell rang.  I didn't 
know whether to be furious to be interrupted or relieved that someone was 
breaking this rotten cycle.

I answered the door; it was Kelly, of course.  She obviously wanted to try 
to show me that stupid necklace again.

"What's wrong, Connie?" she asked.

I was a little embarrassed.  I probably looked terrible, and my house must 
have smelled like my overworked pussy.  I didn't know what to say.  I hoped 
she didn't notice the smell, but she must have, it seemed to hang like a 
fog throughout the house.

"Nothing.  I'm just a little tired, that's all," I answered.

"Do you want me to come back later?" she asked.  

(Yeah, she noticed the smell.)

"No, come on in.  I'm fine," I told her.

She sat beside me on the couch.  After some desultory small talk, she said, 
"I know what's wrong with you, Connie."

"Really?  What?" 

"You're horny and frustrated because you can't cum," she said.
 
"Wh-what?"  

("How does she know?" I thought.  "Is it that obvious?  I know she can smell 
me, but that doesn't say I can't orgasm.")

"Well, I have a little confession to make," she said.

"You've been spying on me?" 
 
"No, no, nothing like that.  I...um...hypnotized you."

"What the hell are you talking about?" 

"You know that string of days when I'd come over, and you'd promptly fall 
asleep?" 

"Yesss," I said, cautiously.
   
"Well, I've been hypnotizing you.  Well, not so much you, more your tongue 
and your cunt." 
    
"Huh?"  I thought she must be losing her mind.  This made no sense.
   
"Yeah, well, of course I've been conditioning your mind, but in effect, I've 
been hypnotizing your tongue and cunt.  I've been making them lesbian.  The 
only way that cute little cunt of yours is going to cum is if your tongue is 
is busy doing as it's told." 

Well, I'd heard enough crap.  In a huff, I ordered Kelly out of my house.  
She was laughing as she left, saying, "I'm a patient gal.  The kids'll be 
away all summer, so, when you're finally ready to orgasm, you can visit me 
anytime...but, before I let you cum, you're going to pay dearly for being so 
snotty."

                              *****************                 

A week passed.  Originally, I had thought she was crazy with all of her talk 
of hypnosis.  But I had begun to think there might be more to it.  I still 
hadn't been able to cum, and it wasn't from a lack of trying.  I had 
masturbated three or four times every day.  My frustration reached the point 
where I cried every time I masturbated because I couldn't cum.  It was like 
I was hanging on the brink, but just failed, again and again, to get 
myself over the edge.   

I needed relief so badly I was willing to try anything.  (And I wanted to 
find out exactly what she did to me.)  On the drive to her house I began to 
think this was a stupid idea.  She couldn't have hypnotized me like that, 
could she?  And if she did, just what was she going to make me do?  This 
whole thing didn't make any sense to me.  Why would she want to do this 
anyway?  I was getting mad, and the closer I got to her house the madder I 
got.  By the time I arrived, I was steaming.  

Before I could ring the bell, she opened the door.  Smirking, she said, 
"Well, well, well....  Looks like Connie's little lesbian pussy is calling 
the shots now."

"Okay, what did you do to me?" I asked, angrily.

"How rude," she said and slammed the door.  I was stunned for a moment.  
Then I did ring the bell.  "What?" she said, through the door.  

"You'd better change me back!" 

"Nope."  

"I'll go to the police!" I shouted.

"And tell them what exactly?  That you were hypnotized and can't orgasm 
now?  They'll just laugh at you.  They've got more important things to do 
than listen to a crazy woman, don't you think?" 

"Please stop doing this to me," I said, almost crying.

"What was that?  Did 'please' just come out of your mouth?" 

"Yes."  

"Well, now I need an 'I'm sorry,' and I might let you in." 

"I'm sorry.  Please let me in so we can talk."   

As the door opened, she said, "You can come in, but any more rudeness and 
you'll leave.  And I won't let you come back for a long time.  What would 
your little lesbian cunt think of that?"

"Don't talk to me like that," I said sharply.

"Well, well...Shirley Temple on her high horse.  You're very close to being 
rude, you know.  I'll talk to you any way I like.  I'm in charge here." 

"Okay, okay...I'm sorry.  Just change me back to normal."

"I don't want to, and, even if I did, I can't.  What's done is done.  Come 
out into the back."

She lead the way out onto the backyard deck.  I was rather intimidated by 
being outside, though it looked like we were safe from nosy neighbors.  I 
found her appearance unsettling, too.  She was barefoot and topless (with a 
ring in her left nipple!), wearing only a brief, wraparound sarong.  She was 
sweating, and her muscles were rippling, and, as usual, I had a twinge of 
jealousy for her hard, womanly body.  I felt so very small and vulnerable.  
But I desperately wanted to know what was going on.  

"What exactly did you do to me?" I asked, not sure I really wanted to hear 
the answer.

"I told you.  I've been hypnotizing you, implanting the belief that, though 
your cunt is ultra-horny, the only time you can orgasm is when you're 
tonguing my pussy or asshole.  Your actual sexual orientation hasn't 
changed.  You're still super-straight Connie, who despises lesbians, but you 
now have a nasty little slit between your legs that will only be able to get 
off when you're kissing my pussy or butthole.  I like the idea, don't you?"

"No," I said.

"The question was rhetorical, but it's okay, the deeper you're in denial, 
the hotter I get."

"You sick fuck!  I don't give a shit what makes you hot or gets you off."

"You'd better begin to or I won't let that queer little cunt of yours ever 
cum."

"I don't believe you.  You can't do that to anybody...and certainly not to 
me." 

"Well, the only way to find out for sure is to go for a test ride, isn't it?" 

"I don't know," I admitted.
 
"So take off your clothes, and we'll find out real quick.  You know that I'd 
have no trouble stripping you myself without breaking a sweat, but that 
wouldn't be playing the game."

"Fuck the game.  But okay, you b...okay....  But, when this doesn't work, I 
insist you undo what ever you did to me."

She grinned. 

When I was naked (and Kelly had thoroughly looked me over), she had me 
stretch out on the deck.  Whipping off her sarong, she straddled my head and 
slowly lowered herself until her crotch was hovering just above my mouth.  I 
was beginning to sweat.  I'll admit that I had occasionally fantasized about 
something like this, but this was real life, and it was nauseating.  It was 
also the stupidest thing I had ever done.  She leered down at me and asked, 
"Are you ready for the best feeling you've ever had in your cunt?"  I felt 
like just getting the hell out of there...but my pussy wouldn't let me.

"Yes, dammit, just get it over with," I told her.  

When her pussy touched my lips, it was like nothing I had ever felt before.  
It was wonderful!  I was in heaven, and, at the same time, I was sick to my 
stomach, because I knew she'd been telling the truth.  The only way I was 
going to cum was if I was kissing her privates.  And, just like that, she 
stood up...and I hadn't cum yet.  My pussy wanted more.  I wanted to cry.  
My pussy was in charge now...my lesbian pussy.  I was so overheated from the 
last two weeks, that I knew I would do anything she told me just to be able 
to cum.

"More...I need more, please!"

"If you want more, you'll have to work for it," she told me with a smile 
on her face.  

She pulled a chair in front of the mirrored sliding door and told me to sit 
down.  What else could I do?  She then produced a dildo. 

"I want you to sit there and watch yourself masturbate," she said.

"Don't make me do this," I whined.

"You want to cum or not?" she asked.  

So I sat down and started playing with myself.

"Open your legs wide, bitch, I want to see that cute little cunt."  I opened 
my legs wide for her amusement.  I was shaking; it was so humiliating.

"Here, use this dildo," she ordered.  I took it and rubbed it on my pussy.

"No, fuck yourself with it," she said.  I couldn't believe I was going to do 
that in front of this sick woman, but I did.  I closed my eyes and tried 
to think of something else while she continued to bully me.  

"Look at that nasty wet cunt of yours," she said.  I looked in the mirror 
and saw that my pussy was red and puffy.  Juice was actually leaking out of 
me onto the chair.  I wanted to cry.  I knew I wasn't going to cum this 
way.  So did Kelly.  She just wanted me to humiliate myself for her, and I 
did.

"Fuck yourself harder!  Ream that cunt out, bitch!"

"Yeah, that's it, whore.  Fuck that horny cunt!  Fuck it like it's never 
been fucked before," she said.  I did.  I was fucking myself so hard it 
hurt.  The dildo was a blur as it pounded my pussy.  There was a puddle of 
pussy juice on the chair now.

"Are you watching yourself in the mirror, bitch?" she asked.

"Yes," I said between sobs.

"Watch that nasty drooling cunt.  It's oozing juice out all over the place.  
I don't think I've ever seen one cunt leak so much juice before.  Have you?" 

"No," I managed to choke out.

"Is your cunt a nasty cunt?" she asked.  

"Yes," I told her.

"No, I want you to look right at it and say it."  

So I looked directly at my poor abused pussy in the mirror and said, "My 
cunt is a nasty cunt." 

"That's better.  So go ahead and cum.  Let your nasty pussy cum all over the 
dildo," she said.

"I can't cum," I said, crying and looking at my pussy in the mirror.

"Why not?" 

"Because I have to kiss your pussy; my pussy is a-a lesbian...." 

"Your what?  That's not a 'pussy.'  Look at it, leaking like a faucet.  No, 
that's not a 'pussy.'"  I knew what she wanted me to say, but it was hard.

"My leaky cunt is a nasty dyke cunt," I said.

"That's right.  And you need to kiss my sweet little pussy to cum, don't 
you?"   

"Yes, ma'am," I said.

"Because your nasty dyke cunt is in love with my pussy, isn't it?" she went 
on.  I was still crying and fucking myself hard with the dildo.  And I still 
couldn't cum.  I had to say all of those nasty things for her.  She had 
control of my pussy, and my pussy -- cunt, rather -- had control of me.

"Yes, my nasty dyke cunt is in love with your pussy," I told her.

"Okay, stop fucking your dyke cunt.  That's a dildo not a pussy, so it's not 
going to make your cunt cum.  Is it?"

"No, ma'am."  The dildo made an obscene sucking sound when it came out of my 
cunt.  
  
"Well, don't just sit there.  Clean all your nasty cunt juice off of my 
nice dildo, bitch," Kelly said.  I got up, intending to go in and wash it 
off.  She stopped me, saying, "Use your mouth." 

It was humiliating, but I sighed and began to lick the dildo.

I had never tasted myself before.  It didn't taste like I thought it would.  
Well, I don't know what I thought it would taste like.  It wasn't really bad 
-- a little salty but not unpleasant.  Wait, what was I thinking?  I should 
be grossed out, shouldn't I?  I didn't know.  I was getting so confused. 
While I was licking the dildo, she lay back on her deck lounger and said, 
"If I'm going to let your nasty queer cunt cum, you're going to have to do 
a real good job with your dyke mouth first.  Got it, pussy girl?" 

I looked at her with tears in my eyes and said, "Please don't make me do 
this."  

As she spread her legs, she smiled at me. "You'll get use to being a slave 
to your nasty cunt.  I think your cunt already likes being a slave to my 
pussy, don't you?"  

"Y-yes," I said, lowering my eyes.  I couldn't stand to look at her.  
   
"Look at me and say it," she said forcefully.  I looked at her and said, 
"My dirty dyke cunt loves being a slave to your pussy."  It was the hardest 
thing I'd ever had to do.  But I knew it was just the beginning of a lot 
of hard things I was going to have to do.

"Very good.  Now, if that dyke cunt of yours wants to cum, it better get you 
over here on your hands and knees.  So that dirty dyke mouth can lick my 
sweet pussy and make me cum.  You got that, bitch?" 

"Yes," I said, as I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled over between 
her legs.  

God knows I didn't want to do it.  I'd never licked a woman's pussy before; 
I'd never wanted to lick a woman's pussy before.  

As I touched her with my lips, she laughed and said, "That's right whore, I 
want you to fuck my pussy with your cute little face.  I want to cum all 
over it.  So when I let you cum, I can look at that straight face with my 
pussy's cum all over it and know that, while your cunt is getting off, all 
you can smell is my sweet pussy."  

I started licking faster hoping to get her off quicker so she'd shut up.  
This was the first time I'd tasted another woman.  I had an idea what she 
would taste like now, after tasting myself.  She tasted similar to me, but I 
think her flavor was a little more pleasant.  I can't believe I thought 
that.  "No," I told myself.  "This is gross.  She tastes gross."  It was bad 
enough that I had to do this, but the way she talked to me and made me talk 
was so awful.  Yet I could feel the fire burning in my cunt.  I was getting 
closer and closer.... 

"Slow down a little, bitch.  We've got a lot of time.  I've got my very own 
straight girl to be my pussy-licking whore.  Oh, that feels good.  Look at 
me and tell me what you are," she said.  

I looked up at her with tears in my eyes and her pussy juice all over my 
face.  "I'm your pussy-licking whore," I whispered.

She gyrated her hips up and towards me and said, "Suck that pussy, bitch." 
I put my mouth over her whole pussy and started sucking as hard as I could.

"Oh, that's right, bitch.  You'll be doing this a lot.  You never know, you 
might start to like being my pussy-sucking whore." 

("I don't think so," I thought.)

"You'll be doing this whenever and wherever I want.  Do you understand that, 
slut?" she said.  

"Yes," I said through her pussy.  

"No, bitch, you say it...all of it." 

"I'm your pussy-licking whore.  I-I will lick and suck your sweet pussy any 
time and any place you want." 

"And why is that?" she asked.  

"Because my dirty dyke cunt is in love with your sweet pussy." 

"That's right, bitch," she said, as she bucked her hips into my face.  

She started humping my face fast and hard, grinding her pussy into my 
mouth.  The whole time exulting, "I'm fucking your face!  I'm fucking your 
face!  Straight girl Connie's got a mouth full of pussy!  Straight girl 
Connie is my personal pussy-sucking bitch.  Come on, bitch, make me cum all 
over your pretty straight face," she said.  I was crying and sucking as hard 
as I could, trying desperately to get her to cum.

"Yeah, slut, I'm going to cumming!  Suck my cum, suck my cum," she said, 
over and over, until she finally came down from her orgasm.  

"Whew, that was good.  You are one of the best pussy-suckers I've ever had.  
After you've had a couple of months' practice, you'll be the best one in 
the whole town.  I might even let my friends borrow that mouth of yours.  
Just imagine my little straight girl Connie being prostituted out as a 
cunt-sucker to all the lesbians in town.  Won't that be nice, bitch?"  
 
"Yes," I muttered.  

"Tell me you would love it, slut," she said.  

"I would love to be prostituted out as a cunt-sucking whore to all your 
lesbian friends."   
 
"Yeah, I bet you would.  You sure you're not a gay girl after all?  Either 
way, every time you went whoring, you'd come back to me afterward with that 
nasty dyke cunt of yours dripping down your thighs, showing me how horny it 
is for my pussy."

She looked down at me complacently.   

"Does your sick little dyke cunt want to cum?" she asked me sweetly.

"Yes, my sick little dyke cunt wants to cum," I answered.

"Well, I'm not going to exert myself.  If that nasty dyke cunt of yours 
wants to cum, you've got a lot more work to do.  Lie down here so I can sit 
on your face.  I want you to French kiss my sweet asshole now."  
    
I did as she ordered.  She positioned herself on top of me so that I could 
stick my tongue up her none-too-clean asshole while burying my nose deep in 
her pussy.  She had a curious sweet-and-sour taste.  But the important thing 
was that, when I kissed her asshole, my cunt began to simmer.  I gasped.  It 
felt so good.  I wanted to cry.  How could she do this to me?  I started to 
dart my tongue in and out of her brownhole.  My cunt was purring.  I started 
to moan into her bowels.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" she said.

"Yes," I mumbled.  

"What feels good, pussy girl Connie?" 

"My mouth making love to your asshole," I moaned.

"And why is that, bitch?" 

"Because my cunt is a nasty little dyke that's in love with your pussy." 

"That's right, bitch," she said as she pinched and pulled on my nipples.  
She was tugging my nipples hard now, as she asked, "Are you getting close to 
cumming, whore?" 

"Yes!"

"Do you smell my pussy all over your face, slut?  You taste my asshole in 
your mouth?"  

"Yes!"  That was all I could say.  My brain was overloading on all the 
pleasure my cunt was experiencing.  

"So is straight girl Connie going to cum with her senses awash in goodies 
from my pussy and asshole?" 

"Yes!" I screamed into her asshole, tonguing and sucking as hard as I could.

"So cum for me, bitch.  Cum for me knowing that this is the only way you 
will ever cum again, whore.  Cum knowing you will be my pussy girl for a 
long time."  She twisted my nipples and laughed.

"Cum for me, pussy girl.  Cum for another woman.  Cum for a pussy.  No more 
cock for Connie; it's pussy from now on," she said, taunting me.  I was 
crying and licking her asshole like a crazy woman, feeling more humiliation 
and more pleasure than I ever had.

"Cum bitch, knowing that nasty little gash between your legs will be 
slobbering all over itself whenever you see a pussy, or even hear the word 
pussy," she said, laughing and tormenting my nipples.  

"That's right, bitch, your nasty dyke cunt just loves it when you kiss my 
asshole.  It's laid itself wide open.  I can see your clit...red and 
swollen.  Are you going to cum, bitch?"

"Yes!" I screamed, teetering on the brink.

"Do you smell my pussy, whore?" 

"Yes!" 

"When you start to cum, I want you to tell me you are cumming while smelling 
my sweet pussy and tasting my sweet asshole."   
  
I was inhaling her pussy and slurping at her asshole, and she was pinching, 
twisting, and pulling on my nipples.  It was painful and degrading, but the 
most pleasure I have ever experienced.  I was in heaven and hell at the same 
time.  I loved it and hated it.  A woman's pussy was giving me more pleasure 
than any cock ever had.  I wasn't a lesbian, and she knew it.  And she also 
knew I was about to get off harder than I ever had...and she loved that.  My 
orgasm started to overtake me.  I was moaning louder, and jerkily licking 
and sucking her.  

"Are you cumming?" she asked, knowingly.

"Yes, I'm cumming!  I'm smelling your pussy and eating your asshole and 
cumming!"  Then the most powerful orgasm I'd ever had burned through my body.

"Take a deep breath.  Smell my sweet pussy while you cum, whore," she said.  
I started breathing deeply, and my nostrils and lungs were filled with her 
smell.  

"That's right, bitch, the only way my pussy girl is going to cum is if she's 
smelling and tasting...ME.  You'll get used to it.  Other pussies and 
assholes will turn you on, but only mine will get you off." 

It was the best orgasm of my life, and I hated it.  It was the most intense 
orgasm I'd ever had.  The pleasure from it was incredible.  It was so strong 
I blacked out for a couple of minutes.  When I came around she was smiling 
down at me.  Tears started to well up in my eyes.

"Cover that nasty hole of yours with your hand.  I don't want it leaking 
any more of that gross dyke juice onto my furniture."

When I covered my cunt I couldn't believe how wet and open it was...and how 
nasty it felt.  I was glad she didn't make me look at it or show it to her. 

She bent over.  "Get your dyke mouth back to my asshole.  You've got it so 
loose and well lubricated, I think I might be oozing a little.  Clean it up, 
pussy girl."   
  
I licked her asshole some more, cleaning it perfectly.  Every time I licked 
it, my cunt would spasm on my hand and leak out more juice...like it was 
trying to say thank you to Kelly for letting it cum.  

While I was busy, Kelly murmured, "Mmmmmmm!  Gotcha now...."  And then she 
said more loudly, "Without help, hypnotic suggestions might not have stuck 
long, pussy girl, but I've also been feeding you a drug that has all sorts 
of nasty side effects.  But we won't need either, anymore.  That orgasm of 
yours just sealed the deal.  You might as well throw away any dildos and 
vibrators you have.  None of those things is going to work for you any 
longer.  The only thing your nasty cunt wants now is me.  So you better get 
used to being my bitch.  You got that, slut?"  

I started to cry.  I knew she was right, and I couldn't do anything about it.

"Is my sweet little asshole clean, bitch?" she asked.  

By now I knew how she wanted me to answer, so I said, "Yes, your sweet 
little asshole is squeaky clean." 

"Good.  See, you are learning.  Now, stand up and spread your legs, but keep 
that nasty gross slit of yours covered with your hand." 

It was hard to roll over and get up without using both hands, but I did it.  
I was standing in front of this woman I hated, naked, with my legs spread 
wide and my hand covering my cunt, waiting for her next order.

"Now, keep your hand cupped, but take it away from your cunt," she said.  As 
I took my hand away, I could hear the pitter-pat of juice dripping onto the 
deck.  I couldn't believe I was that wet.

"Look at your hand, bitch," she said.  My hand actually had a pool of my 
cunt-juice in it.

"Look at how much that nasty dyke cunt of yours loves my pussy.  It gets 
that wet even when all you do is clean me up, knowing I'm not going to let 
it cum again tonight.  Drink that gross dyke juice up, bitch," Kelly told 
me.  I brought my hand to my mouth and lapped up my juice and started crying 
again.

"Yeah bitch, you better develop a taste for the juice from pussies and 
cunts, 'cause you'll be drinking a lot of it from now on." 

As I was leaving, she sneered, "When that nasty queer cunt needs to cum 
again, you know where to find me.  Be prepared for more humiliation.  I love 
doing that to you."  

I drove away crying, but I knew what I was going to do.  I was going to be 
Kelly's little straight girl pussy-licker, slave to my nasty dyke cunt.

                              *****************

Two weeks passed since I'd had an orgasm, and I was starting to get truly 
desperate.  I knew what I had to do, but I'd kept delaying the inevitable.  
Finally, I just couldn't delay it any longer.  I phoned Kelly.  

"What do you want?" she asked.

"I need to talk to you about something." 
 
"I think you want more than just talk, don't you?  Tell me exactly what you 
want.  And maybe I will help you...depending on how nicely you ask for it."  

I had no choice.  She was going to force me to degrade myself for her 
amusement.  I said, "Please allow my nasty dyke mouth to make love to your 
sweet pussy so my stinking queer cunt can cum."

"You seem to be learning your place," she said.  "You can come over today at 
11:00.  Don't be late or there's no pussy for Connie's tongue.  Oh, yes.  
Shave your nasty cunt.  I want to see it drooling all over itself for me." 

I went directly into the bathroom after I got off the phone.  I was very 
nervous about shaving off my pubic hair.  I had never done anything like 
that before.  All kinds of things were running though my head.  Why does she 
make me do these things?

I lathered up my mound and got out the razor.  I was shaking so badly I was 
worried I might cut myself.  When the razor touched my skin, I felt a low 
pulsing begin in my clit.  As I worked, my pussy -- my cunt, rather -- 
become smooth, and I could see it leaking its arousal.  

I hated this, yet part of me was clearly enjoying it.  This made it even 
worse.  When I was finished I looked at myself in the mirror.  I resembled 
an embarrassed school girl.  My pussy was hairless and my face was red.  At 
the same time, I looked like a wanton slut with juices leaking down my 
thighs.  I got dressed and headed out the door.

During the drive, I could feel my pussy becoming wetter the closer I got to 
Kelly's house.  This humiliated me...which in turn made me angry.  It was 
anger I'd have to swallow.  Not only was she bigger and stronger than me, 
but I really wasn't as clever when it came to "street smarts" either.  And, 
finally, I wanted to cum, and only she could give me relief from my constant 
damn horniness.

Of course, we had to go out on the deck again.  It was beastly hot, but 
Kelly didn't mind.  She was sitting in the shade, in front of an electric 
fan, with a big pitcher of iced tea beside her.  I, on the other hand, was 
already sweating heavily.
 
To begin with, she made me do was a striptease until I was entirely naked.  
I've never stripped before, and I didn't know what to do.  It was so 
humiliating.  I must have looked clumsy and even more uncoordinated than 
usual.  She probably liked it that way.  I gyrated my hips and played with 
my nipples, trying to look sexy.  I wanted to cry.  The whole time, she was 
taunting me, saying things like, "How does it feel to be stripping for a 
girl, just so you can get her pussy interested, straight girl Connie?  Won't 
be long before you're not 'straight girl Connie' any more.  You'll be 'queer 
girl Connie.'  Or...maybe you've already crossed the line...."

When I was finally naked, she had me dance around a little more.  Her long, 
fat, dark red nipples were already fully erect.  They looked...tempting.  

"Spread your legs, bitch, so I can look at your disgusting cunt."

When I spread my legs, I caught a breeze from the fan and felt a rush from 
the air hitting my cunt.  My cunt-lips were fanning out, and they glistened 
with the juice that always seemed to be flowing these days.

"Oh, look at that.  Your dyke cunt is opening up for me.  It just looooves 
to be humiliated."

I was shaking with rage and frustration...and lust.   

"Look at it.  It's so gross.  There's dyke juice running down your thighs 
and dripping on the deck.  It's slobbering all over itself at just the 
possibility of getting close to my pussy."  

I couldn't help myself; I started to cry.  Her taunting was too much.  

She saw me crying and, with a smile on her face, said, "There, there, 
straight girl Connie, it's okay.  I just turned your nice little pussy into 
a gross disgusting dyke cunt, and I love knowing that I have changed it 
forever." 

She got up and put two chairs face to face.  I was dreading what she had 
planned.  I knew it will be full of humiliation for me.  "Sit down and 
spread your legs as wide as you can," she said.  "I want that nasty queer 
cunt to open up and put herself on display for me."

I sat down, spread my legs as wide as I could, and looked at my cunt.  Kelly 
was right.  It spread itself open just like she said it would.  It was red 
and very swollen and very wet.  It stank abominably and itched almost 
unbearably.  I started to cry again, for she had turned my nice little pussy 
into a nasty gross dyke cunt that would worship her from now on.  And I 
would have to worship her pussy because my cunt was in control.

She reached into a box beside her and pulled out two dildos.  She looked 
directly at my cunt and smirked.  "Oh, isn't that nice.  I've got my very 
own nasty dyke cunt in heat lusting after my pussy.  I've never seen a cunt 
that wet before, and it's wet for MY pussy.  I love knowing that I have 
turned a straight girl's pussy into a nympho dyke cunt."

I sat in that chair with my legs spread as wide as I could, with my cunt on 
display for her and tears in my eyes.  She loved every minute of my 
humiliation, and I knew it was only just beginning.  She smiled lecherously 
and said, "I want you to rub your cunt while I undress, whore."  

She shrugged out of her light wrap and stained pair of cotton panties.  
Naked, she posed and flexed for me, showing off her muscles and washboard abs.  
Involuntarily, I licked my lips.

When I obediently touched my pussy, I got a jolt like some sort of dyke 
static electricity.  It disgusted me.  I wanted to throw up.  My cunt was 
her pussy's bitch, and it was permanent.  I started to cry again.  "What's 
wrong, straight girl?" she sneered.  "Does that nasty dyke cunt of yours 
like watching me undress?"

"Yes," I admitted, my fingers strumming my clit.  

When she was finished strutting, she sat down in the chair in front of me.  
She picked up the two dildos.  "One for me," she said, "and one for you."  
Hers was smooth, of normal thickness, and 7 inches long at most.  The one 
she handed me, however, was a monster.  It was long, and thick, and covered 
with wart-like protrusions.  There was no way it could fit inside me; it 
would ruin me.  I started rubbing it against the outside of my cunt....  

Kelly looked into my eyes and said, "No!  Fuck that dirty cunt of yours, 
bitch."

"I can't...." 

"Do it, bitch."

I tried to push the monster inside of me.  I was very wet, but that dildo 
was a lot larger than anything I had ever had in there.  It just didn't 
fit. 

"Ram that cock in there," Kelly said.  Her eyes glittered.  "Show that dirty 
dyke cunt what it's supposed to be used for.  It's supposed to be for cock, 
not pussy, isn't it, slut?"

"Oh God, yes!" I screamed in pain, finally forcing the head into my hole.  
"My dirty dyke cunt is supposed to be for cock, not for pussy."  With 
final grunt, I got it to go in.  My pussy was stretched full...stretched to 
the limit.  

Kelly looked at me with a smile on her face and said, "Yeah, bitch, stretch 
that cunt out.  Make it feel good."  

She was busy playing with her pussy while watching me ruin mine by 
stretching it out too far.  I started pumping the dildo in and out.  Every 
time it came out it was wetter and wetter.  The pain started to subside, and 
pleasure came creeping in.  We were both moaning now.
 
"Oh, yessss, this feels good, straight girl Connie," Kelly said.  "Does it 
feel good to be fucking yourself while watching another girl masturbate?" 

"Yes," I moaned.  

"Yes what, bitch?" she said.

"Yes, it feels good to fuck myself while I watch you masturbate."  I was 
panting now.  Panting like a dog.  Her dog.  

She was building rapidly toward an orgasm. 

"Your dirty cunt of yours looks so good being stretched out," she sneered.  
"Maybe that's all it needed.  Maybe you'll be able to cum if your nasty 
hole's filled up and stretched out."
 
I was moaning and panting louder.  Maybe she was right.  Maybe that was all 
my poor cunt needed.  A big cock, not a girl's pussy, could make me cum.

"I think you'll be able to cum," she said.  "From a cock.  Just like a 
straight girl should."

I was almost there.  The pleasure was rippling through my body.  I was 
shaking uncontrollably. 

"Are you going to cum?" Kelly moaned.  "Is straight girl Connie going to 
orgasm with a cock jammed all the way up inside her cunt?"  

I screamed, "YESSS!"  Just as I thought I was going to cum, it receded a 
little...and stayed there.  I fucked myself harder, madly trying to 
recapture the moment.  However, the harder I tried to catch my elusive 
orgasm, the farther it ran from my reach.

"I can't cum, I just can't cum," I cried.  

With my admission, Kelly started bucking wildly on her dildo saying, 
"Connie, I'm cumming all over a cock.  Like you used to, but can't any more, 
because you've got a pussy-hungry dyke cunt between your legs.  Ohhhhh, 
yeaaah, this feels good.  Knowing you can't cum pushed me over the edge.  I 
love knowing straight girl Connie can only cum when she's going down on my 
pussy or asshole.  And I made you that way.  I made a straight girl into my 
very own dyke whore who'll do everything I say."  She slowed down as her 
passion subsided.

I was crying uncontrollably now in my frustration, still fucking myself hard.
  
"Oh yeah, baby, yeah, my little dyke slut," she said.  "Ram that dildo into 
your dirty cunt while you cry."  And she started cumming again.  When she  
finally calmed down, she brought her dildo to my mouth and said, "Here, 
clean my cum off of this cock while you fuck yourself, bitch."

She twisted my nipples and pumped the dildo in and out of my mouth.  "Pretty 
soon you'll be used to girl-cum."  Eventually, she told me to stop fucking 
myself.  I pulled the dildo out.  Angry, she said, "Put that cock back in 
your dirty dyke cunt.  I told you to stop fucking it, not to take it out!"

Kelly handed me my panties.  "Put these back on with that cock inside of 
you."  I pulled up my panties with what must have been a puzzled look on my 
face.  The panties held the dildo tightly inside me.  Kelly patted my 
panty-covered crotch and giggled.  "There, now the dyke is all nice and 
filled up."  She also handed me her own panties and said, "I'm satisfied 
tonight, so the only thing you get is my panties.  Go home and fuck your 
nasty dyke cunt all night with that cock while you smell my panties.  When 
you come back tomorrow, I will check to make sure your face smells like my 
pussy.  

I began pleading with her.  "Please let me come, Kelly...Miss Kelly, ma'am.  
I need it.  Oh God, I will eat your pussy and asshole and let you do 
anything you want with me,"  I bawled.  

"You'll eat my pussy and asshole, and I can do anything I want already.  
You're my dyke slut, my pussy girl.  You're just a sex toy...like a dildo, 
nothing more.  I use you to get off.  Tonight I got off watching you fuck 
yourself, knowing you can't cum.  I made you that way.  I made it so all 
the things that used to get you off won't anymore.  Only I can let you cum."

She tossed me a dirty, sleeveless t-shirt, one of hers.  "That's all you get 
to wear home, and you should be damn grateful for that.  Now go home and 
fuck that nasty cunt while you smell my panties, pussy girl.  And don't wash 
your cunt.  As a matter of fact, don't wash anything.  You were always 
so...so fastidious...almost obsessively clean.  It'll do you good to get a 
little funky.  Be here tomorrow at noon...and wear just the t-shirt."

I scampered to my car.  I threw her foul panties onto the passenger seat and 
climbed behind the wheel -- carefully, because of the dildo inside of me.  
On an impulse, half-way home, I picked up her panties and smelled them.  
Instantly my cunt began gushing liquid.  I couldn't help myself.  I pulled 
the car over and started playing with myself, rubbing my hand hard onto my 
cunt and pushing the dildo in deeper.  It felt so good that I kept rubbing 
and pushing.  I wanted more.  I started playing with my nipples.  My hips 
were bucking as I fucked myself with the cock.  I pinched one of my nipples 
and felt it in my cunt.  I humped forward while I inhaled Kelly's aroma.  I 
was so close to orgasm.  Then I realized just what I was doing...fucking 
myself with another woman's dildo while I smelled her panties.  And it so 
turned me on.  I started to cry and threw the panties down.  I drove home in 
tears.

The rest of the evening was spent in frustrating agony.  Oh, how I wanted to 
cum.  I couldn't face cooking, so I ordered a pizza.  I imagined that the 
delivery boy could smell me even over the hot spiciness of the pizza.  

As I lay down for the night, I realized I'd left Kelly's panties in my car.   
I started to cry because I had a desperate urge to go get them.  I couldn't 
believe I wanted to play with myself while smelling her panties...and 
knowing I can't cum.  How was she able to do this to me?  I hated her, and, 
at the same time, I wanted to smell her panties.  I went out to my car and 
retrieved them.  

Before I got back into my house, I already had them against my nose, 
inhaling deeply.  Immediately my pussy started leaking around the dildo, 
juice running down my thighs.  I was turning into her pussy girl, and knew I 
could do nothing about it.  I lay down with her panties on my face and my 
hands between my thighs.  My nasty cunt loved every minute of it.  I rubbed 
and fucked it for about an hour, smelling her panties the whole time.  I 
couldn't stop myself; my cunt felt so good, it kept refusing to let me stop. 

I tried to take the panties away from my nose, but the pleasure in my cunt 
would fade.  I knew the only way I would be able to cum now is while I 
smelled her.  I started fucking myself harder, inhaling great deep breaths.  
I was in heaven.  My pussy wanted more, and I wanted to give it more.  I 
licked her panties while I worked the cock, fucking myself hard, pinching 
and twisting my nipples.  If I could only do this forever.  It felt soooo 
good.  But I couldn't quite cum.  I kept thinking about it, and then a 
strange thing happened.  The situation started turning me on.  (Me, not my 
cunt.)  Kelly had been able to turn me, a super-straight girl, into her 
little pussy girl.  A sex toy.  I got so turned on remembering how we'd 
masturbated together.  And she could cum any time she wanted, but I could 
cum only if and when she let me.  She had taken away my ability to cum 
without her permission.  She could use me any way she liked, and I realized 
loved it.  I loved having to do everything she wanted.  I loved having a 
nasty gross dyke cunt between my legs, and I loved her for making me this 
way.

I pulled the dildo out of my dirty dyke cunt and sucked all of my nasty dyke 
juice off it.  I knew she would like that.  I put her cock back in me and 
pulled up my panties.  I went to sleep with her panties under my nose, 
hoping to dream of her pussy. 
 
The next day when I drove over to Kelly's house, my dirty dyke cunt was full 
of her cock.  My nose was in her panties, and I was leaking nasty dyke cunt 
juice all over the seat of my car.  Ang I loved it.  My car smelled like 
nasty dyke cunt, so strong because she wouldn't let me wash it after 
everything we did yesterday.  I arrived at her house and rang...once, 
politely, though I was stewing with anxiety.  My cunt was so excited that 
my juices ran all the way down to my ankles.        

Kelly answered the door and said, "Ohhhh, look at you.  Isn't that 
precious?  You are leaking dyke juice all the way down your legs.  Do you 
want my pussy, straight girl Connie?" 

Her words made my pussy spasm.  They still humiliated me, but that made me 
even hotter.

"YES!" I said while walking through her house, "I want your pussy." 

"I know," she said with a smile.  When we got outside, she said, "You know 
what to do, bitch,"  I stripped off the t-shirt and spread my legs for her.  
She said, "Very good whore."  While she was looking at me, the dildo started 
sliding out.

"Oops, looks like that tight cunt of yours isn't so tight any more."  Her 
words were turning me on, and I started to wiggle my hips.  I reached down 
to push the dildo back in.

"No," she said.  "Let it fall out.  That cunt wasn't made for cock anyway.  
It was made to please pussy."  Her words electrified me.  She was right.  My 
cunt and mouth were made for pleasing pussy.  She picked up the dildo and 
sniffed it.

"Whew, that cunt of yours is ripe, isn't it, bitch?  It smells nasty...a 
nasty-smelling cunt for a nasty dyke whore."  She put the dildo to my lips.  
"Suck that nasty dyke cunt juice off."  I opened my mouth.  The dildo was 
too big to fit inside, so I licked and sucked at it, cleaning it with my 
tongue and my face.  

"Yeah bitch, show me what you are good for, sucking up that cunt juice.  Do 
you love it? Do you love cunt cream?"  

I was pinching my nipples and nodding my head yes.  Kelly sat down on the 
edge of the lounge.  She spread her legs and hiked up her skirt.

"Come over here and show me what else that mouth of yours is good for, pussy 
girl Connie," she sneered.

I was too far gone to care and quickly scrambled over between her legs as 
fast as I could.  I put my mouth on her pussy and started sucking right away. 

"You love my pussy don't you?" she said.  

I just grunted in her pussy and sucked harder.  She started to grind into my 
face, saying, "Yeah, bitch, you looove my pussy.  You love being my pussy 
girl slut.  Don't you whore?"  I just kept sucking.  She grabbed me by my 
hair and pulled me away from her pussy and demanded, "Tell me bitch."  I had 
her pussy cream dribbling down my chin.

I said, "I love being your pussy girl slut."

"Are you straight girl Connie?" 
   
"No, I'm your pussy girl dyke slut that can't get enough girl-cum."

"I know it, bitch," she sneered.  "I made you that way, and I took away your 
ability to cum.  Does that excite you, pussy girl?"

"Yes.  It makes me hot to think about you turning me into a dyke slut that 
can't cum unless you let me."  And it was true.  
  
She pulled my face back into her pussy.  "Good, keep fucking my sweet pussy 
with that dyke mouth of yours, pussy girl.  Just think -- I may not let you 
cum today.  I may not let you cum ever again." 

Wheb she said that, my cunt actually squirted juice out.  I didn't cum, but 
I shot juice all over her couch.  I couldn't believe how excited I was, 
knowing that I couldn't orgasm unless another woman let me.  I loved being 
controlled.  She could keep me this excited forever if she wanted.  Wherever 
I went, my cunt would be squirting juice all over itself and me.  I wouldn't 
be able to hide that I was a nasty dyke in heat.  

She started humping my face hard.  "I'm going to cum in your mouth, bitch.  
Do you want my cum?"

In between sucks, I begged for it.  "Yessss, I want your cum.  Please cum in 
your pussy girl's nasty mouth." 

And she did just that.  

"Fuck!  This is so fucking hot," she cried.  "I can cum all I want...any 
time I want.  And you can cum only when I say."  

As soon as she started to cum, my pussy began squirting again.  I couldn't 
cum, but my cunt was squirting.  Powerfully.  Uncontrollably.  Oh, God....

After a bit, she asked, "Thirsty, bitch?"  

I nodded.  "Yes, ma'am!" 

"Then torment your nipples while I give you a drink."
 
I began pinching and twisting my nipples, and pulling them out as far as I 
could and letting them snap back.

And then she let her bladder go.

I had a long drink...hot and salty....

"Ohhhh, what a relief!  And now that I've filled your belly with my 
delicious piss, it's time to fill your cunt with my cum.  I think your cunt 
wants my girl-cum all up inside it.  And I'm willing to oblige.  How does 
that make you feel, pussy girl Connie?  To have my cum inside your cunt?"

"It makes me hot.  I'm hotter than I've ever been.  I want your cum inside 
me.  Cum in your pussy girl's nasty cunt."

"Yeaaah, bitch, I'm going to fill up your dyke cunt with girl-cum.  You want 
to be full of girl-cum don't you, whore?"

"YESSSS!" I screamed.  "Yes, fill me up with girl-cum."

"Once I fill you with my girl-cum I'm not going to let you orgasm.  I don't 
want you squirting it all out.  I want you to keep my girl-cum inside your 
gross dyke cunt,"

"I don't care!  I want you to fill me with your girl-cum."

"That's my dyke slut.  Now you don't even care about cumming yourself.  You 
just want to be filled with my girl-cum."  She produced a beaker of rather 
murky fluid...and a turkey baster.  "I've been saving this up for two 
weeks...thawed it out last night and then warmed it up real nice in the 
microwave.  We'll fill up that nasty cunt...and then you'd better get busy 
cleaning my asshole.  I'm afraid I did a very poor job of wiping today...."     
                              *****************                       

Much later, as it was getting late, she looked down at me with a maternal 
smile and kissed me on the forehead.  "That's my good little bitch," she 
said.  "It makes me happy -- and makes my pussy happy -- that I turned straight 
girl Connie into a dyke slut hungry for my girl-cum.  Do you like 
being my personal cunt-sucking dyke slut, bitch?"

"Yes, ma'am, I love being your cunt-sucking dyke slut," I answered.

"You're the best pussy girl I've ever had.  You make me cum better than any 
of my other girls.  Now, stand up and let me see that nasty cunt."

I stood up, covering my cunt with my hand.  She told me to move my hand, and 
when I did, her cum started running out of me.  

"Oh, that's so gross!  You've got another girl's cum dripping out of your 
cunt," she taunted.  "Cover it up and keep all of that girl-cum in it."

That's what I wanted to hear.  She knew exactly what to say to get the most 
humiliation out of me.  My clit tingled and my nipples swelled with her 
words.  I loved everything she said to me.  I covered up my cunt and put the 
t-shirt back on.

"Go home and play with your dirty cunt all night," she said.  "And maybe -- 
just maybe -- I'll let you cum tomorrow."  

On my way home I reached into my cunt and got her cum all over my fingers.  
I brought them up to my face and rubbed some under my nose so I could smell 
it all the way home.  I sucked my fingers clean.  I was happy.  Any time I 
wanted to taste her cum, I could just get some out of my own cunt.  Life was 
going to be easier, simpler from now on.  No need for me to try to reason 
my way through life, to strive and fret and wither.  No need for difficult 
decisions.  All I had to do was one thing: whatever Kelly said.

I loved being her pussy girl.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kelly M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





