BDSM Library - Executive Decision




Executive Decision
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman executive wants to find more to life than just running a business.  She tries a bar her secretary suggests.
Executive Decision

Joan was an executive lady at the age of 42 and never been married.  She was
totally successful in her business life but at a cost of social life.  She had
no sex life at all.  Her young secretary Lucy said she was always too tight and
gave an address to a nightclub she said would help her loosen up.  She liked
Lucy but at the time she just stuck it in a drawer and ignored it.  Today
however, she was really tired of work and didn't want to go home for another
sandwich and TV so she decided to stop by and check it out.

The place was a total dump with a sign on front Mama Pet House.  She knew it
must be some kinds of a strip tease show but since she had driven this far, she
just as well get a drink before heading home.  As she entered the bar, she
noticed that most everyone there was women of all color and age. She had a bad
feeling that it might be a lesbian bar and would have to curse Lucy when she get
back.  She found a stool at the bar and asked for a drink as an old woman in her
older 50s came over and pour her one.  She noticed several women had their
shirts or dresses pulled up and hands were moving underneath them as she looked
around.  There was female kissing and fondling as she found herself getting
excited at the sight she would have thought taboo earlier. She was not a lesbian
but the sight was arousing anyway.

A young blond girl in her mid twenties sat down beside her and she noticed she
was very attractive.  She was wearing a short skirt and blouse, which displayed
her tits, which she tried to ignore.

"Hi," said the girl.  "My name Melissa."

"Hi Melissa," replied Joan.  "I'm Joan.  Good to meet you."

"Well Joan," said Melissa, "are you a bottom or a top?  I bet you're a bottom
and I would love to dominate you myself."

Joan unaware of the terms got the message that Melissa thought she was gay and
told her she had just dropped in for a drink and didn't get into such things as
this.  She told her after this drink I am going home. 

"I bet your wet," said Melissa and before Joan could object she felt her hand go
between her legs and touch her pussy.  "I knew it she said with a smile on her
face."

Joan stunned by the hand didn't say anything as Melissa fingers had found her
wet spot and was rubbing her clit.  It felt so good and she couldn't stop it as
she spread her legs wider for more access.  Sweat was forming on her face as the
hand found her rose spot and started stroking it.  She knew what she was doing
with her hand and it was driving her clit wild in excitement.  Her breathing was
becoming harder as she felt a thrill she hadn't felt in years.  She knew it was
wrong but she couldn't force herself to tell her to remove it.  She closed her
eyes as she felt Melissa unbuttoning the top of her blouse and pulling it apart
to expose her large breasts.  She could hear the others in the room in the
background but the hand in her cunt and other on her nipple was turning her so
much she didn't care.  Her bra fell off as Melissa was pulling on her nipple.

"Tell me you want to be my slut tonight whore."  Melissa tweaked her nipple to
get her meaning across.  "I want to hear you beg you old slut."

"Yes," replied Joan.  "Make me your whore.  Please don't quit now.  I need it
bad."

She felt a hard slap to her face from the hand that was on her tit.

"Stand up and undress you old bitch."  Melissa demanded.

"Please not here there are others watching.  Anywhere else is fine," she replied
as she felt a second slap to her face.

"Shut up slut and undress now."  Melissa demanded again.

Joan got off the stool in total surprise at how this young girl had dominated
her so easy.  She didn't have the will to resist as she removed the rest of her
blouse and then pulled her skirt down and stepped out.  She stepped out of her
heels.

"Remove the slip and panties too," demanded Melissa looking her down.

Slowly Joan removed her skirt and closing her eyes lowered her panties down to
her knees and then stepped out of them.  She could hear whistles in back and
name-calling but she ignored them and stood in front of the girl half in age
totally naked with others looking at her.  She didn't dare look elsewhere as she
knew her face was totally red in embarrassment.

Melissa picked up her half empty glass and threw her drink on her tits.

"On your knees slut in front of my stool."  She yelled at her.

Joan dropped to her knees in front as Melissa spread her legs exposing her bare
pussy in front of her face.  She had never made love to a woman before but
couldn't help but stare at her pussy in lust.  She wanted her face so bad in
there.

"Lick my cunt slave and it better be good."  Melissa commanded her.

Joan leaned forward and put her face in the young girl pussy and started lapping
at her clit.  She tried to lick as she would want someone to do her and hoped it
would be enough to please the young mistress.  Her own pussy was soaking wet and
noticed that Melissa was also as she continued her tonguing of it.  There seem
to be other events behind her going on but at present all she could think about
was licking the cunt in front of her.   Finally she felt Melissa come and then a
foot on her shoulder pushed her on her back on the bar floor.  She looked up
around the room and saw some of what she had heard earlier.  There were women
totally naked around her.  Some were being spanked.  Some was licking their
mistresses asses, pussies, or tits and even some getting an enema.  She was
still watching when Melissa kicked her between her legs causing her to yell out
in pain.

"On your hand and knees slut.  I'm going to ride that ass of yours."  Melissa
directed.

Joan got up and turned on her hands and knees as she had seen a woman do seconds
earlier.  Her will to resist was gone and replace with the need to come.  She
felt Melissa weight on her back and her hair being pulled by the roots upwards. 
A hard slap on her ass and a command to crawl got her started across the bar.  
Several women made lewd comments as she passed wanting a turn with her latter
but Melissa would tell them she was hers for the moment and maybe later.  Her
continued swats on her ass kept her moving till they returned to the bar and
Melissa got off.

"Is my slut thirsty again?"  Melissa asked.

"Yes mistress.  Slut needs a drink."  Joan gasped in relief.

"Bend over the barstool slut on your stomach.  Mabel."  Melissa turned to the
older woman; give me that small sample bottom of Scotch over there. 

The older woman gave her the bottle as Melissa walked behind Joan to her
surprise and place the bottom at the entrance of her asshole.

"Tell me to fill you up slut.  Tell me to shove this bottle up your big ass." 
Melissa laughed.

"Please mistress," cried Joan, "shove it up my ass."

Joan felt the bottle driving sliding up her ass as she tried to relax her
muscles to keep from breaking it.  Liquid was pouring into her bowels as if she
was receiving an enema.  When it emptied out, the bottle was removed.

"You better hold that in while I slap your ass slut," said Melissa behind her as
the first slap hit her ass and she screamed from the pain.  She held her ass
clenched as she could fighting the urge to take a dump while the slaps were
being applied.  She was in tears and totally humiliated at being spanked as if
she was a child.

"Do my slut need to go to the bathroom.  Ask me for permission slut."  Melissa
remarked.

"Please mistress.  I need to go to the bathroom."  Joan cried out in
desperation.   "Please mistress.  I can't hold it any longer."  Tears were
rolling from her face as she awaited the answer.

"Go to the john slut but you better be clean when you get back."  Melissa
replied to her relief.

Joan waddled to the restroom trying to hold her ass tight with her hand. 
Several stalls were already occupied with women doing lewd acts in them as she
went by fast to find the empty one.  She sat and relieved herself as she felt
her first climax for the night.  Damn, the girl had made her cum without even a
cock in her pussy.  She cleaned up as best as she could and used the sink to
make sure.  She saw one lady face shoved in a john while her mistress was
striking her ass with a short strap of some kind.  She didn't want to go through
that as she walked back in the bar room and saw Melissa still sitting on a
stool.

Melissa called her over and told her to sit on the stool beside her.  A drink
was already on the bar.

"Drink up slut," demanded Melissa.

Joan took the drink and tried to down it in one gulp in her excitement.  The
taste was salty as she realized she had just drink pee.  She almost choked as
she saw Melissa smiling face to her side.

"Drink it all slut." Melissa whispered in her ear.

Trying to keep from throwing up, Joan drink the rest of the drink in one swallow
and held her breath to prevent it from coming back out.

"You better get use to the taste slut," said Melissa reaching behind her and
goosing her ass.  "I have great plans for you."  She reached her hand in back
and worked it on her clit again while she sat on the stool.  She couldn't help
from wiggling her ass allowing her more access to it.

"Such a good little slut," smiled Melissa.  "You love to have your pussy rubbed
don't you."

"Yes mistress," Joan pleaded. "please rub my slut pussy."

Joan was totally embarrassed.  She was in her mid 40s sitting naked on a bar
stool with her ass over the back edge and a young girl fingering her pussy from
behind.  She just couldn't move.  This girl had total control of her body as she
wiggled her ass to allow more access in back.

Melissa, I see you have another big ass slave and it didn't take you long
either.

Joan recognized the voice and froze.  It was Lucy her secretary.  She tried to
hide her face.

"Well I'll be darned if it isn't Mrs. Cartel," laughed Lucy.  "Melissa this is
the bitch boss I've been telling you about for months.  And here she is all
naked at your command.  I can't wait to spank that ass of hers.  Do you know
Joan that Melissa and me are roommates and we share our slaves?"

She pinched Joan on the ass and sat on the other side of her as Joan tried to
look forward only.

"If I knew she was your boss Lucy, I would have had her fuck her ass with a
bottle on the counter," smiled Melissa.  "I'll be more than happy to share her
fat ass with you anytime you want."

Joan face was totally red from the way the girls were talking about her.  She
felt Lucy reached in back and then a finger at her anus opening.  Soon it was
shoved in as she moaned from the excitement.

"I always thought she was a tight ass," announced Lucy, "but I guess I was
wrong.  You can drive a truck up this asshole.  Why don't we take her to the
bathroom Melissa?  You know what I like to do too our new slaves."

"Why not," agreed Melissa, removing her hand and demanding Joan get up.

Joan had seen things there and didn't want to go back as she pleaded with
Melissa and Lucy not to go.  Lucy grabbed her right ass cheek in a tight grip
and pushed her forward marching her in.  They found a stall not being used and
Melissa demanded she get on her knees in front of it.  Raising her lid, she
demanded Joan put her head in.  Joan was crying but did as told as Melissa
lowered the lid back down on the top of her head.

"Warm that big butt of hers up while I get ready" said Lucy.  "I want to see
those bumps on her ass bright red."

Melissa started swatting Joan ass as she tried desperately to keep her face out
of the water.  Her hair was already wet and several times the slaps were so hard
her face plunged in.  Finally it ceased and she thought she had a moment to
relax when she felt something cold and wide at her asshole.  She realized
immediately what it was and tired to get up only to find Melissa had a tight
hold on the john lid pinning her down.

The dildo entered her virgin asshole as she screamed from the pain.  Her face
plunged in the water momentarily and came up only to have the dildo plunge
farther up her butt.  Her asshole was on fire from the onslaught as she tried to
yell for mercy only to have your face plunge in and out the water by the push of
the dildo by Lucy in back.

"I always wanted to shove something in your ass she was yelling behind."  Lucy
yelled out loud.  "Take this bitch."

Joan face went deep in the water of the john as the dildo pushed all the way in
her ass.  She tried to yell but water filled her mouth cutting her off.  Finally
it withdrew as she gasped for air and started working it way in and out slowly
as she started getting accomplished to it for one.  It was finally starting to
feel good as she felt her body reacting to it and her butt pushing back in
anticipation.

Melissa sensing she was enjoying it got up and squatted over the john and
started peeing on the back of her hair.

Joan was close to cumming when she felt the pee and cried out.  The smell was
strong and it stopped her from cumming.  She felt the dildo withdraw as soon as
Melissa was finished.

"Slut wash you face and hair before you come back out."  Melissa laughed.  "It
better be good.  We are going to take you back to the apartment tonight and have
some fun with you."

She heard both leave her in her humiliated and frustrated position.  She raised
the lid of the john and removed her head.  As she turned around several women
had witness the event and her face blushed bright red as she tried to stand up
and walk to the sink to clean up.  Several women were making lewd comments about
her and what they would like to do with her.  She hurried as fast as she could
leaving her wet hair hanging down uncombed to get out of there fast.  She
practically ran out the toilet and into the bar with head low to keep from
seeing anyone.

Melissa got off her bar stool as she arrived and grabbed her wet hair in one
hand.

"Come with us slut," she said pulling her alone by the hair.

Lucy had gotten in back and was slapping her ass while she walked with Melissa. 
She was their slut now and there was no escape from the feeling deep inside. 
She would do whatever they told her.  Others were watching as she was led out
naked to the parking lot.

"Should we get her car," said Lucy.

"Naw leave it here."  Melissa replied.  "We'll drop her off tomorrow before work
to pick it up."

They led her to Melissa car as Melissa got in to drive and Lucy and Joan got in
back.  As soon as they were in, Lucy pulled her skirt back and grabbed her head
pulling it down to her snatch. 

"Lick my clit cunt."  She yelled at her.  "I better come before we get there if
you want any skin left on that fat ass of yours."

Joan started licking as if her life depended on it.  She knew people passing
back could see her ass in the window but right now she better please her
mistresses or she may not have one left.  She worked her tongue fast on Lucy
smelly pussy hoping to get her off fast.  The bumps in the road drove her nose
deep in her mound as she continued.  She smiled as she felt her cum in triumph
only to have Lucy move sideways in the seat and tell her to tongue her ass since
she got done early.  Disappointed she started working her tongue around her
asshole and then inside.  She hoped they would get there soon.  Her pussy was on
fire.  She wanted to be their slut.  It was an executive decision.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





