BDSM Library - Motel Convention




Motel Convention
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A motel clerk watches an elderly black lady check in with her white slavegirl and wonders what it would be like.  She decides to try it.
Motel Convention I

Sue was working the evening shift at the town's only motel when she noticed an
elderly black lady walk in with a young blonde to her side.  The ebony lady was
in her early 30s, very attractive, tall and well developed while the blond was
slightly overweight, in her 40s, and smaller.  What was stranger was the black
lady had her hand down on the blond ass and was rubbing it and she was dressed
like a slut in leather skirt and blouse. 

"I have a reservation for a week", the elderly lady said.  We're here for a
convention this week.

Sue checked the records and indeed noticed the lady did have a reservation but
what was strange was the bill had already been paid by the motel owner wife, her
boss, Denise.

"Yes mam, I have it here she said.  You are in room 302 and the floor is empty
this week so you will have all the privacy you want.  Can I get you a room," she
asked the blond handing the key to the woman.

"She is my slave and will stay with me," the woman replied.  "Slut get the bags
and carry them up to the room."

Sue watched in silent as the blonde left and went to the car.  She was amazed at
what she had just witnessed.  Surely it was a joke or something.

"Is something wrong?" the ebony lady asked.

Sue turned flushed in the face.

"No, I was just surprise at what you said," she stuttered. "I thought for a
moment she was your slave or something."

"She is my slave.  I do with her what I want and when I want.  Does that brother
you."  The lady inquired.

"No," replied Sue, "to each there own."  She returned to her work as the blond
walked past hauling large bags in her arms struggling with each step.

"When you get off work tonight, maybe you would like to join her.  I always
enjoy training a new girl."  The elder black lady smiled at her.

"I'm not into that kind of thing," Sue told the lady.    She tried to avoid
looking up at her.  The woman was beautiful but she had never been with a woman
before and wasn't planning on it.

"Suit yourself," the woman said.  Turning away she shook her butt at Sue and
smiled.  "This is what you will be missing; she said and then proceeded on."

Sue watched her ass wiggle out of the lobby and she had to admit she was getting
excited looking at it.  She returned to her work trying to ignore what she had
witnessed earlier but her thoughts kept drifting back to the woman.  Her name
was Doris according to her records.  Her mind drifted to the thought of the
blond on her knees licking the woman ass.  Then she started placing herself in
that image.  She was getting wet and tried to break the thoughts off and get
some small work done.  Twice she had to go to the restroom to wipe her cunt from
the images she was imaging.  Surely she wasn't lesbian.  When the late night
woman came who was a young black girl in her late teens and quite an airhead,
she immediately passed on the job stuff and headed for the car.  The thoughts
were still in her mind and she couldn't get them out.  Maybe she could try it
for one night.  She had nothing else to do since her divorce years ago.

She turned off the key and went to the back door of the motel and made her way
up to the third floor.  She listened in the doorway and could hear moans from
within before she finally got the courage to knock.   The blonde answered the
door dressed only in a robe.  Her mouth was wet and her hair was all messed up
like she had been in a fight.

"What do you want?" she asked.

"Doris asked me to come up," Sue replied and heard Doris in the room tell the
woman Ann to let her in.

Ann stepped aside as Sue continued in the room with her weak knees wishing she
had never come up.

Doris was lying on the bed when she walked in totally nude with her legs spread
wide and her head against two pillows propping it up.  Sue had her first look at
the black lady pussy and it was so delicious as she stared at it.  It was
oblivious she had interrupted the blond eating her pussy out as she stared at
how wet and open it was.

"Are you just going to stand there slut," Doris asked?  "Strip for me bitch."

Sue hands were shaking as she slowly removed her blouse and bra.  She lowered
her pants stepping out of them and stood up.

"Drop your panties too," demanded Doris looking at her body.  "Show me your
twat."

Sue reached down and lowered her panties knowing she was providing the Ann a
close up view of her ass as she stepped out of them.  Standing up she awaited
the next command as she felt the air breeze on her privates.

"Turn the chair around and sit backward in it," Doris commanded.

Sue turned around and got the desk chair.  Placing the back towards the bed, she
sat backwards on it with her rather large ass sticking out over the edge.

Doris sat up and rubbed her cunt with Sue viewing at it.

"Ann," Doris yelled, "tie her hands and ankles to the chair.  I don't want her
moving when I shove my cunt in her face."

Sue knew she should get up and run but she was so excited at the thought of
licking her cunt she couldn't resist.  She felt Ann at her side pulling her hand
down and tying it to the chair leg and then her ankle.  She repeated on the
other side till she was fully immobile.  Doris was now standing with her cunt
only inches from her face and she could smell her sex.

"Does my little white slut want to eat my pussy," she asked.

"Yes.  Please let me eat it," Sue replied.

Doris pushed her hip forward smothering her cunt in Sue face as Sue pushed her
tongue out into her clit.  She was stoking it up and down like she used to have
hers done when she was married.  It tasted so good, she thought, lapping it like
a dog lapping a hand.

"Ann give her some incentive to do better," Doris said.

Sue felt a hand slap her ass in back hard.  She yelled in Doris cunt and then
resumed her licking faster.  It came down again on the other cheek and then
between them.  Her ass hurt as she starting lapping in earnest to please her
mistress.  She couldn't move her butt as the Ann was slapping it at will as she
screamed and licked as fast as she possibility could.

"That's better.  Ann you can quit now."  She told her white slave.  "She finally
got the message.  Loosen her asshole for me dear."

Sue didn't know what she meant as long as she didn't spank anymore.  She
suddenly felt a tongue between her cheeks and then at her asshole.  It felt so
good as the tongue in and out her asshole.  The rimming was driving her over the
edge as her pussy was soaking the chair below.

"She's ready mistress," Ann called up stopping her licking.

"Good get my strap-on.  I want to fuck my new slut puppy." Doris commanded.

"No." yelled Sue.  "I've never been fucked there."

"What did you say?  Did I say you could speak?" Doris asked looking mad as hell
at her?  "Ann slapped her ass till she begs for me to fuck it."

Ann immediately got behind and started slapping Sue ass cheeks as she yelled out
in pain.  Finally she couldn't take it any more and begged Doris to fuck her. 
She wasn't going to be able to sit for weeks her ass hurt so much.

Doris brought the fake cock to her mouth.

"Open up and get it nice and wet for me unless you prefer a dry cock up your
ass?"  She asked.

Sue opened up sucking on the rubber dong trying to get it as wet as she could. 
When it was withdrawn, she held her breath in fear as she felt it at her asshole
entrance.

"Take this up your virgin ass white slut," Doris said as the dong penetrated her
opening with her first push. 

She yelled in pain as it remained just at the opening till the pain started to
cease and then felt it slowly working deeper in her ass.  The initial pain had
lessened and she was finally starting to get use to the feel of it in her ass. 
She felt like her bowels were stuffed as it finally made it way inside to where
Doris wanted.  She begged her to go slow as she worked it slightly back out and
then pushed in again.  It had been so long since she had been fucked and it was
beginning to fell good as she tried to push her ass back to keep it in with each
stroke.

"I'm going to rim you ass good girl," Doris said from behind.  Ann present you
ass to my new slut puppy so she can return the favor you did earlier.

Sue saw Ann large ass pushing back on her face.  She didn't care anymore, as the
cock in her ass was feeling so good.  She thrust out her tongue wagging it on
the older woman asshole and then working her way inside her loose hole.  She was
close to cumming and didn't want to quit now.  Doris must have realized it too
as she withdrew the cock in one quick motion from her ass as she yelled in Ann
ass for her mistress to keep fucking her.

"Ann come finish pleasing your mistress," Doris said removing the strap-on and
climbing back on the bed and spreading her legs.  Ann immediately crawled at the
foot of the bed and started lapping her cunt.

"If you say anything without permission, I'll have Ann put you in the hallway
still tied to the chair," Doris said staring at Sue.  "Your ass is mine and I'll
use it when I want."

Sue watched Ann lapping Doris cunt and making her cum as she lusted for the
chance.  She was soaking wet and so near cumming as they got up to shower
leaving her tied up.  She knew not to speak but only listened at their chat in
the shower as she wished it were her there.  She heard a knock on the door, as
she remained frozen in panic.

Sue heard the voice of the young black girl who had replace her that night at
the door.  She was staring in fear as Doris opened it letting her inside.

"All the quests have arrived," Diane the young girl told her and have been
assigned rooms.  The motel is locked up for the night so we can do what we
want."

She then saw Sue tied to the chair behind Doris and her eyes lit up.

"Can I have her later," Diane asked smiling at the pitiful sight of Sue
struggling to get loose.  "I would love to spank that fat white ass of hers."

"Of course you can later when we come down," Doris said.  "But I must tell you
she has a loose ass and won't be too much fun."

Sue was ashamed of what she had gotten herself into as she tried to look
straight down at the floor in humiliation.

"That's okay, Diane replied, I'm sure I can find something big enough to shove
up her butt."  She left smiling at Sue.  "See you later honey.  If you're nice,
I'll let you lick my sweet ass."

Ann came out and dried Doris off while Sue dangled in the chair wondering what
she had gotten herself in for.  Was everyone in on it including her boss.  She
was still in thought as Doris slapped her tit hard waking her from her dream.

"Got to get you ready for the night's activities," Doris said.  Ann undo her
hands and tie them behind her back.  I want her feet tied so she can barely walk
and a nice plug shoved up her lily-white asshole.  Better shove a cock up her
mouth too."

As soon as Ann released her hands, Sue immediately started swinging trying to
get the women away so she could untie her legs and run but both women was easily
able to overpower her and retie them.  She was so short of breath she offered no
resistant as they tied her feet together with about a foot apart.

"You're pay dearly for that later," Doris said slapping her face.  "Never
disobey me again or you'll wish you never."

"Here it comes bitch," she heard Ann in back as she felt a sharp pain in her
asshole.

"Owwlllll," she screamed as Ann rammed the fake cock deep in her ass.  She was
still gasping for air from the pain when Doris pulled her hair back and shoved a
dildo in her mouth before she could speak.  She muttered her displeasure as the
plug hooked around her head.

"Don't lose the one in your ass dearly or I'll have Ann reinsert it for you. 
She just loves that you know."  Doris yelled.  "Time to go down and enjoy the
activities."

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





