BDSM Library - English Girls at the Auction Block




English Girls at the Auction Block
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two female british officers are kidnapped by white slavers in the Middle East during World War 2 and treated harshly prior to be sold as slaves.
An Ancient Rite

Part One : Stolen to Order

Abdul al Rafiq was famous for his parties. Even in the darkest hours of the
second world war he still managed to find luxuries to entertain the British
defenders of Egypt. He was a magnificent host, who despite his ancient blood
line was as Anglisized as could be. He was throwing a party on this night at his
Alexandrian mansion, on the outskirts of the city. The white women thrilled at
the smartly dressed urbane middle aged egyptian in his elegant black dinner suit
but they thrilled even more when the rumours that his ancestors had bought their
power with profits made from the aqcuisition of white women taken as slaves by
the Barbary pirates and sold to the Harems of the east. Indeed it was known that
he kept a palace fortress out in the desert that had been built 200 years
earlier as a place to keep and train this valuable commodity.

Amongst the guests of both colonial administrators and British military
officials there were two young ladies who were yet to hear the salacious
rumours. As their host circulated amongst the throng on the large open balcony
and sumptious dining hall, plying his guests with drink stockpiled in more
plentiful times chatting casually they felt in little danger, in fact they were
too excited by the enormity of their adventure. Both well educated young women
they had signed up for service early in the war and had been commisioned
straight away. Abdul never let the hunger show in his eyes as he exchanged
pleasentaries with them and they thought of him as nothing but a sycophantic
colonial trying hard to curry favour with his imperial rulers who for the time
being were all that stood between his business interests and the fascist armies
only a few hundred miles away across the desert.

No one noticed as Abdul slipped through a small door concealed under the stairs
in the main hallway. He passed down a series of corridors, unlocking two more
concealed doors as he went. At each he was careful that no one could have
slipped through behind him and that each portal was secured before he proceeded.
Eventually the noise of the party grew louder as he entered into a luxuriously
appointed apartment.

'Is this my new addition to the house of Attla?' He asked as he entered. The
small weasly Arab man who had been sat at the desk leapt to his feet and
salaamed deeply.

'Yes Lord, she has already been cleared as having left for the Indies, she won't
be missed.' He gestured towards a large blackman wearing cream slacks and a pale
blue shirt stretched tight over his magnificent physique. The muscles of his
left arm bulged as he pulled tight on a leash which in turn pulled around the
throat of a girl on her knees. She looked terrified her wrists bound behind her
back wearing a beautifully tailored silk dress of bergundy with large white
polka dots.

Abdul ignored the two men as he gripped her chin and lifted her head. She tried
to turn away but he slapped her hard across the face.

'Look at me, whore!' he yelled in Arabic. The girl didn't understand the words
but she knew she had to look at him. She was a Russian girl, the daughter of
aristocrats who had been rescued by the Allies in 1919 after the civil war
started. Her parents had her educated around Europe but now poor she had drifted
the world living like so many as a virtual refugee. She had short dark hair and
pale skin. 'At least she has grey eyes. They will command a good price,'He
dropped her chin and strode past her to a screen in the next room. 'Come
faithful servant I will show you how we will profit greatly'.

The passages had led to position overlooking the main room of the party, where
everyone was gathering away from the chill night air. He gestured at the two
young women who had arrived on the troopship only a few weeks earlier. They were
talking to a general as well as a senior RAF officer and his wife. They were
both stunning. The shorter of the two was a sublieutenant in the Wrens or womens
royal Naval service. In the smart black uniform, tricorn hat, white blouse and
tie, with blue embroidery that showed her position as an officer. She was of
medium height and slim build but the reason that he was so interested in her was
her shimmering short red hair and even at the range the emerald green slightly
almond shaped eyes. Oh yes she was very valuable. Her colleague was taller,
almost six feet tall and was dressed in the Khaki uniform of the army. Her
shoulders carried the rank of full lieutenant. She had bright blonde hair
elegantly coiled under her uniform cap humorous blue eyes as well as that slim
figure. The line of her uniform disturbed by her large breasts that you rarely
saw on such a slim white woman. As he watched them in his house smoking,
drinking conversing with men as equals he knew that he could never give them the
punishment they deserved for such temerity. These hussies, these whores, these
concubines of Satan.

'I think my faithful gatherer that we shall have the overseers start their
training. It would be a shame to let such wantoness in my home pass.' Strangely
for a slave trader Abdul had never been known to use any of the women that
passed through his hands. Indeed he only had one wife who he had a loving
relationship with. The members of his organisation though knew how much he hated
white women for all their lack of virtue and he would watch with relish the
black overseers put them through their paces as they were prepared for the
auction block. Once they were sold he loved to hear the customers tell what they
had done to the little whores once they were irretrievably locked in the Harems
far out into the desert.

'Make the usual arrangements but don't bring them here. Arrange a trip to the
ruins and from there take them to the desert. Now shall we see how our Russian
friend dances?'

With that he settled back in his chair and motioned the huge black man to start
with the terrified grey eyed girl.




Chapter two

The day after the party a car called at the Alexander Hotel to take the two
young female officers to some Roman ruins out by the coast. Leiutenant Jessica
Barratt of the ATS and Sub-Leuitenant Allison Viollet of the Wrens looked
immaculate in the early morning sunshine. There was no sign of the tiredness
they had experienced after last nights party as their enthusiasm for their new
adventure meant they could go with very little sleep. So far the war for them
had seemed like a party. The clear warm air of the Mediterranean made such a
difference to the drab smoke shrouded bomb induced danger of London and Plymouth
where they had spent their training that it was more like a holiday than actual
war work.

The car was an old Buick of uncertain vintage and obvious luxury. Mr Al Rafiq
had taken a liking to the girls at the party and had generously offered them the
use of his car during their day off to see what he described as the fascinating
ruins out by the coast. The driver was very polite to the tall blonde army
officer and the younger equally pretty Wren officer but he spoke not one word of
English. In fact both the girls (as they were 21 and 19 respectively) had found
all the people that they had met so far pleasant and had dispelled the fear of
maiden aunts, raised on the racy literature of the Edwardians, fears that all
Arabs were just waiting for the first opportunity to drag white women off into
their Harems.

The coast road was as spectacular as any road they had ever seen. The road dived
into cuttings one minute where shear walls disappeared into the sky and a chill
from the burning sun came as quickly as you entered the shadow to precipitous
cliff top roads that the Buick handled with comfortable aplomb. Despite not
speaking any English other than please and thank you the driver kept up a
running commentary the whole way. Despite the driver's obvious skill the two
girls were glad when the car pulled up at a huge defensive stone gateway in a
wall that stretched to the steep hills on either side.

Jessica and Allison dismounted from the car and walked towards the ruins. The
driver intimated that he would stay with the car and they were glad that he
wouldn't be with them, with his enthusiastic but unintelligible commentary. Both
women were wearing their uniforms but wished that military procedure had allowed
them to wear more summery dresses. This was for two reasons, firstly they were
on active service so they were supposed to be in uniform and secondly the local
Islamic leaders under great duress had agreed not to object to Allied service
women flouting religious dress codes as long as they were in uniform. Both women
were wishing that they weren't wearing the heavy serge and stockings of their
uniforms but neither wanted to enrage the authorities so shortly after arriving
in the country. However both were yearning for the moment they got to the far
side of the ruins were there was a secluded bay for swimming and they could
change into their bathing costumes and dive into the cool waters of the sea.

Both were classically educated young ladies from very good schools, indeed their
education had been far more geared to giving them interesting conversation with
which to attract a husband rather than preparing them for the life of conflict
that had coincided with their coming of age. But their schooling did mean that
they could look around the roman ruins with a trained eye as they wondered at
the ancient architecture. After an hour or so walking in their somewhat
impractical shoes which their officer status granted a two inch heel, Jessica in
her brown lace ups and Allison in her Black court pumps a small Arab man
appeared out of a door way wearing a tatty suit and a hat bearing the word
'porter' embroided under a fine layer of desert dust.

'Ladiezz', He motioned the doorway he had just left, 'Pleazze Ladiezz very
interesting, a shilling, very interesting Ladiezz.' At first they didn't know
what he was talking about but when they looked up they saw the large stone
phallus hanging out over the doorway.

'The randy little sod wants us to see the knocking shop.' Giggled Jessica.
Allison looked shocked but giggled too. 'Well shall we?' Both girls feigned
shock but they were both fascinated by sex as only virgins can be. Ladies of
their class and especially officers weren't supposed to think about such things
but then who would ever find out. They handed the attendant a handful of local
coins and he beamed at them, handed them a torch and motioned them inside.

They entered the Atrium of the building and used the torch to look at the
paintings around the walls. They both giggled girlishly as they realised that
the walls were decorated with a sort of menu of the services offered. Each
painting despite being faded by the centuries depicted a variety of sexual
excesses with roman looking men and North African looking women. The two girls
were having difficulty understanding why so much variety was needed as the only
talks they'd had were of the lie back and think of England variety and they both
felt a strange arousal as they saw the women in the pictures enjoying themselves
as much as the men. Indeed at least one frieze showed female patrons enjoying
the establishment's hospitality.

The frieze led to the end of the atrium and they went through a door into what
was obviously the business end of the brothel and again they giggled to the
attendants delight as they looked at the small rooms and the tiny beds that the
girls had to perform on.

'They would never have fitted you in here!' Allison teased Jessica about her six
foot statuesque build.

'But you would have made an ideal Latin tart.' retorted Jessica who had always
been self conscious about her height. Indeed the only advantage that she'd found
was that ATS stores had no uniform to fit her so she'd had hers tailored and
somewhat snugger and more flattering than most. At the end of the hall with the
boudoirs they passed through another door into a second more opulent but smaller
atrium.

Here their heels clicked on a mosaic floor that simply showed a picture of a
huge cage. And the murals were different too. They showed Roman soldiers with
drawn swords and galleons but also women naked and in chains being led to the
ships. The two girls shocked but strangely titillated looked closer and saw that
the women were mostly white with blue, green and grey eyes, fair, blonde or red
hair and they realised that they were slaves taken by conquest from around the
Latin Empire. Some of the women were also depicted in crowns or jewellery
showing them as women of high birth. They didn't look at the next set of murals
for long; they soon grew uncomfortable as the pictures showed the women still
chained being abused. One showed a blonde woman chained spread eagled on a bed
as a man used her sex and a large black man shoved his phallus in her mouth.
Another depicted a small roman man in gowns of office flogging a red haired
slave fastened into a set of stocks again as a grinning Negro defiled her mouth.
Some didn't show sexual activity at all just poor slaves once of high status
being physically abused and again it was sometimes women doing the defiling.

The girls left quickly, their disgust obvious to the attendant as they handed
him back the torch. He laughed like a drain as soon as they were gone. These
despicable white whores need to learn their place he thought.

The two girls were glad to be out of the damp musty air of that horrible brothel
and hurried through the rest of the ruins to the sea. They felt dirty, they
needed to swim to feel clean again.




Chapter 3

From the ruined Roman city a set of steps led down to a small beach from which
the cool blue sea stretched as far as the eye could see. The two girls, the tall
blonde army officer and the pretty red-haired Wren, looked around them. As
promised the cliffs and the defensive walls of the city hid the beach from view.
Both girls unravelled their towels and took their bathing costumes from the
webbing packs that they had been carrying. Desperate to feel the cool water and
certain of their privacy they stripped out of their heavy serge uniforms and
began to dress in their swimming costumes. Having both been to all girls
boarding schools they were quite comfortable being naked in the presence of
another woman.

Unbeknown to the two young English women the beach was visible from the shore.
High up in a watchtower in the old city an Arab man and a massive Negro were
watching them through very powerful German binoculars. The black man whistled
his appreciation for the fine white bodies both in perfect physical shape from a
combination of war rations and military training. The tall blonde had large full
breasts that had just enough movement in them to delight the viewing men. The
smaller redhead had smaller but equally pert breasts. In fact they were as great
an example of white womanhood as either had seen. Far superior to that skinny
little Russian whore that the black man had 'broken in' only the night before.
He smiled at the prospect of making these two high and mighty bitches squeal as
she had. The Arab man cast his eye over the two women with a more marked sense
of disgust. Firstly he hated white women and thought that they should be forced
into servitude, to satisfy the whim of their master and secondly he never
understood how they could allow themselves to grow such a disgusting amount of
pubic hair. He personally would take the razor to both of them leaving only the
small triangle that his Lord insisted on. Some unscrupulous dealers had been
known to dye a woman's hair to command a higher price for her but for some
reason it was more obvious between their legs.

Jessica had dressed in a two piece bathing suit with a bustier type top and a
skirt around the shorts that covered her most decorously or would have if her
large breasts weren't constantly threatening to burst free. Allison had squeezed
her smaller frame into a one-piece number but the skirt part was shorter and
showed both the men watching the beautiful curve of her buttocks. Both men were
slightly disappointed when they covered their hair with stretch rubber bathing
caps but in pure economics they knew that a woman with good hair was always more
valuable.

The two women raced each other to the sea and cavorted happily in the waves.
Their horror at the beastly pictures of the sexual mistreatment of female slaves
was forgotten as they plunged deeper into the sea, their firm strong bodies taut
as they cut effortlessly through the water as only athletic bodies can. There
wasn't much to see for the two observers though so the Arab man left to send a
message leaving the black man on guard. The huge West African dreamt of the day
he would be allowed to deal with such perfect white flesh. He was becoming
aroused as he saw the pair of them tied down at his mercy, begging him not to,
as he plunged in anyway, feeling that firm white skin against his. He panicked
when he looked up and saw that they were no longer in the water.

The two girls had been in the water for about half an hour, now tired but happy
they went back up to the beach and sat on a towel. They took turns drying each
other with the remaining towel. When they were both dry Jessica knelt behind her
colleague who sat cross-legged and they wrapped the towel around themselves as
now in shade they felt a chill in the air.

'Damn!' Swore Jessica almost ruining a perfect moment. 'Have you got any
cigarettes left? I forgot to fill my case this morning.'

'There should be some in my jacket pocket.' Jessica reached over to the pocket
of Allison's black Wren officers jacket with the single pretty blue stripe
around each cuff and found a packet of Players. Inside there was only a single
cigarette left which they shared as they relaxed in front of the big blue ocean.

'Do you think people really do those horrible things like the ones in the
pictures?' Allison shivered deliciously against Jessica as she asked the
slightly older Army officer.

'Nothing that people do surprises me. We had a games mistress at school who used
to spank girl's bare bottoms for very little reason. She did that for
enjoyment.'

'I know that but all the tales of Harems and white slaves and such do you think
that's true?'

'Well for them a Harem is a way of life and I guess they get a bit bored with
all the girls looking the same so vive la difference as they say. Don't worry if
any randy Arabs come after you I'll give them the old Hockey Team captain act.'
The girls finished smoking in silence and then went through the laborious
process of getting back into the knickers, bras stockings, petticoats, skirts,
shirts, jackets, ties and caps of their uniforms. The last thing that the Black
man watching saw as he hurried off to tell the Arab man what he had found out
was the two young women lifting the backs of their skirts to check each others
stocking seams.

And so it was that about 20 minutes later two perfectly dressed and refreshed
female British officers reached the road where they had left their driver
several hours earlier but he was gone. Instead of the old Buick there was a very
new Rolls Royce of the design that has the driving sitting out front and the
passengers in a cabin behind. Their driver wasn't there however. Instead there
was a large West African gentleman wearing chauffeur livery and an Arab man in a
linen suit and a panama.

'My apologies ladies, your driver was called away by My Lord on urgent business
and he asked me to collect you.' Said the Arab man as he ushered the two women
into the waiting car. The driver closed the door behind them took his seat and
drove off. 'Cigarette?' He proffered the case that was in the car and smiled
obsequiously as they both took one of the exotic cigarettes and lit them. They
both smoked luxuriously the black man glancing in the mirror as the pouting red
lips were touched to the paper cylinders, the Arab man was pleased that his
servant had been correct.

The girls were surprised by the strange taste but thought that it was just the
unusual tobacco that they had never come across before.

'I say these are jolly strong.' Exclaimed Jessica as she felt her head spin.
Then she noticed that Allison appeared to be out cold. 'I say what's going on?
Stop this car at once!' She made a grab for the door handle but never made it as
she too was blacking out. The last things she saw were skid marks on the road
and the old Buick smashed over some rocks by the waters edge.

'Sleep whore, you'll need it.' Said the Arab man.




Chapter 4

Jessica awoke slowly. She was unsure of where she was, her head pounded, she had
a strange taste in her mouth and she had only the slightest sensation in her
limbs. She just lay looking at a rough wall of unmade stone wondering what the
strange circular metal objects were that she could see in two neat rows, one
near the top of the wall and one near the bottom.

After lying still for a few moments she found she could lift her head just
enough to look around. She saw all the walls were much the same except one had a
barred window through which light diffused as if from a courtyard. She felt a
chill in the room so unlike anything that she had felt since arriving in this
country. She tried to sit up but found that she couldn't. She couldn't move her
hands from down by her sides and when she tried to swing her right leg off the
wooden pallet that she was lying on she found movement restricted to only a few
inches and their was a sharp tug on her left ankle. She managed to lift her head
to see why she was so immobile but all she could see was her heaving chest still
covered by the course khaki drill of her uniform. Her elegantly coiffeured head
fell back heavily onto the wooden slope that passed for a pillow. She arched her
back and tried moving her hands again and realised that they were fastened
together.

Where was she? What was happening?

'You awake bitch?' Jessica couldn't see the man who had asked her the question
but could tell from his accent that he was a West African. She tried to feign
unconsciousness but her writhing about was a bit of a giveaway. Suddenly she was
grabbed by the hair and hauled upright, the chain between her wrists was caught
under her bottom and her arms were yanked back in the sockets. The black man
leaned right into her face; he wore an expression of malicious amusement as his
breath stank in her face, flecking her with spittle as he asked again. 'Are you
awake bitch?'

'Yes I'm awake.' She sighed hopelessly.

'Good, the boss is waiting for your skinny white ass!' With one hand under her
arm and the other still grasping her blonde hair he hauled her to her feet. As
he held her there and she scrabbled to balance on her chained legs he roughly
shoved her cap back on her head and dragged her out of the cell door. He made no
allowance for her bondage as he marched her down the corridor. Jessica was
reduced to a desperate stumbling hobble. She repeatedly fell against him but he
just pushed her away with his shoulder enjoying the sensation of the large firm
breast that often pressed against the back of his hand.

'Oh yes you're gonna learn today girl. Learn that being a whore is it's own
reward. You should never have annoyed the Boss like that bitch.' He kept up a
running commentary that she didn't rise to. She knew that he was only a lackey,
obviously a strong and vicious one but a lackey all the same. She was more
worried about who the Boss was and how she could have annoyed him.

Her dark custodian grew silent as the corridor grew more opulent. He had gone
from vindictive to reverent and she knew she would soon learn why she had been
brought here. She was marched into a large square room with a door in the centre
of each wall. In the centre of the room were two long padded bars about waist
height parallel to each other. There were what looked like manacles at the
bottom of the legs that supported the bars about a yard apart. There were more
manacles hanging from a chain from the ceiling.

Standing in the six foot gap between the bars was a man in Arab dress who
Jessica thought that she recognised. With a gasp she realised it was Abdul al
Rafiq and with a cold fear spreading from her belly she knew that the scandalous
gossip was true.

'You know what to do with the whore.' He spoke english to the black man so that
his prisoner may understand. 'and hurry the other arch bitch is on her way and I
want these two saphic sluts to fully appreciate their predicament. The third man
in the room, the weasly Arab who had actually kidnapped the two girls adjusted
the height of the padded bar slightly and nodded to Jessica's guard. He pushed
her roughly up to the bar which was level with the tops of her thighs and then
pulled her wrists together into one of his huge hands. With his free hand he
unfastened the cuffs that she was wearing on a chain and let them fall to the
floor. Then grabbing her by the jacket collar he forced her forwards and forced
her wrists into the cuffs that were hanging from the ceiling. The arab man
secured her wrists as the black man held her there. Jessica now found her arms
drawn uncomfortably up her back as she was forced forward over the bar bent at
the waist so that her bottom pressed back hard against her skirt.

'I think we can dispense with this.' Spat the dealer of slaves as he unbuttoned
her skirt and let it fall to the ground. The black man drew the discarded item
of clothing away as he pulled Jessicas feet apart and cuffed her ankles to the
legs of the bar. There bent over and in pain from the cruel position of her arms
Jessica resolved to remain inpassive. She was scared, she knew what they were
planning to do to her as they lefted her jacket clear of her bottom and just
ripped off the silk petticoat that her mother had given her when she was posted.
Now her cheeks burned red in shame all that protected her dignity from these
evil men was a pair of extremely flimsy silk knickers in the style known as
French knickers where there is no elastic around the leg holes. She could feel
the material had ridden up between the globes of her buttocks and the straps of
the suspenders holding up her tan silk stockings were digging into the firm
unyeilding flesh of her bottom. The black man loved that little strip of white
flesh that she was showing between the bottom of her knickers and the double
weaved top of her stockings.

Jessica looked up in time to see Allison being marched in through the opposite
door as unceremoniously as she had been.




Chapter Five

When Jessica saw Allison being dragged through the door she had mixed feelings.
At first she was upset that her younger colleague had been kidnapped too, she
had been hoping against hope that she had somehow managed to escape, but she was
also relieved that the pretty red head was safe, at least for the time being.

Allison was dragged in by a black man who could have been the twin of the huge
negro that had brought Jessica in. She seemed to be more alert than Jessica as
she had inhaled a lower dose of the drug and her eyes darted around the room
even as her guard lifted her chained hands up her back to ensure her compliance.
Allison's bar didn't need adjusting as the taller Jessica's had been and the
black man pushed the pretty red head against it and held her bent at the waist
by shoving his knee into the small of her back. Jessica couldn't see Allison's
face now as the black brim of her tricorn hat hid her face but she could see her
arms lifted and secured in the same way that hers had been so that she was bent
forward over the bar. They removed her heavy black skirt as they had done the
army officer's but Allison tried to struggle which was hopeless as she would
never break the grasp of the huge man holding her ankles.

This time the blonde army officer saw with interest that the weasly arab man who
had taken her skirt also took Allison's but folded it neatly and placed it on a
small table. The younger woman sniffed sadly as they removed her skirt although
Jessica knew that she was wearing a panty-girdle which was somewhat more
decorous in this position than her own flimsy french knickers.

'Now, now. Two pretty bitches for the price of one, some would call me a lucky
man.' Laughed Abdul al Rafiq. ' But we shall see how these crusader sluts
dance.' With this he produced a long whippy cane about three feet in length and
tested it through the air with a couple of vicious sounding slices. 'But wait,
gentlemen, they should be able to enjoy each others company, too, as all wayward
harpies desire.'

Suddenly the two black men grabbed the prisoners by the hair and tugged their
heads back sharply so that both girls squeeled in pain and surprise. Allison
watched them put a slim silver collar snugly about the blondes throat just above
her stiff khaki shirt collar but didn't have long to wait until her neck was
similarly restricted. The collar was just tight enough to cause discomfort
without any risk of oxygen starvation to the brain. Then both girls found the
collar attached by a silken cord to the same chain as their wrists. This served
to pull their heads back until they were looking straight at each other and in
even greater discomfort. They both eyed the once trusted Arab gentleman who
stood between them with contempt and a hint of defiance.

'Such pretty jewellery and so lucky that it is such a good fit.' All the men
laughed at the joke, Jessica realised that this wasn't a crime of opportunity
but something they had been planning probably from the moment the two girls
stepped ashore. ' Now where was I? Oh yes we were going to start your dancing
lesson. Now who shall we start with?'

He walked out of Allison's field of view and stood behind her. Her bondage
presenting him with a view of her stockinged legs, her tight pantygirdle
straining against her bottom. He lifted the tail of her white shirt higher with
the tip of his whip causing the young English girl to stiffen.

Allison concentrated her green eyes on Jessicas blue eyes to try to distract her
from what may be happening behind her. The army officer tried to give her a
reassuring look but she was also drawn to stare in horror at what may follow.
'Maybe we should see the paces of this pretty little whore. See how she responds
to a little gentle encouragement.' Allison squealed as he flicked the tip of the
crop lightly against the bulge of her bottom just below where her panties ended
and her toned white flesh was exposed. Allison bit her lip as he began to stroke
up the insides of her thighs with the crop, the extreme gentleness of his
actions merely proving his skill with the device rather than any sensual
intention on her part. She let out a gasp as he stroked it back and forth where
her legs met pressing it firmly upward. Allison shifted uncomfortably as much as
the padded bar, chains and collar would allow her.

'You wog bastard leave her alone!' Yelled Jessica, her middle class womanhood
enraged. There was colour in her cheeks showing the fury that she felt at this
horrible man trying to defile a british officer and her only a teenage girl at
that. Abdul looked at her with a look of fury in his eyes. It faded quickly but
his body remained taut as he strode heavily around behind Jessica.

'Why do you object you amazon bitch! Have I not seen you with my own eyes
casting your glance about you like a cheap bazaar whore. And that little bitch
you seek to protect cavorting in the sea like a pair of greek sirens. And if you
find the touch of a real man so distasteful why do you wear garments such as
these for our delectation.' And with that he brought the flat of his hand down
hard on each of Jessica's silk wrapped buttocks. 'Or maybe you are jealous,
Amazon. Jealous that I may pay her more heed than you and you having dealt with
shaitan for good men's souls in exchange for the pleasures of your corrupted
white flesh.' Again he spanked both her buttocks. This time the blows on areas
already made sore caused Jessica to exclaim.

He leant close into her face, 'Don't worry bitch, you will get what you crave so
badly before long.' Again the men laughed sycophantically.'I could punish you
bitches for behaving like sluts in my house. IN MY HOUSE!' Again there was the
fury but it soon passed again as he recovered his veneer of composure. 'But the
care of the house of a man should really be a woman's work.' Again he was stood
between the two bound women and he motioned for someone who had been waiting
just outside the doorway.

The only thing that the girls could tell about the new arrival was the click of
her heels on the marble floor until she was stood right in front of them. It
turned out to be a dark haired russian girl with grey eyes. At first she
appeared naked but she was actually wearing a very short transparent smock. The
two english girls wrinkled their noses in disgust seeing this white woman so
openly on display. Her slim girlish figure clearly visible, her small pointed
breasts, the tiny triangle of dark pubic hair failing to hide her sex and her
slim white legs down to to the high heeled sandles with the leather thongs criss
crossed up to her knees. She was also wearing a veil of the same slightly white
hued transparent material as the dress, her hair pulled back into a simple
ponytail.

'Now my house trained bitch which of these English sluts would you like to prove
your obedience with first?' The Russian girl looked at both of the young
officers before pointing at the red haired Allison. Then she spoke a few words
in Russian. The smaller arab man translated:

'She wants to beat the red haired one so that the arrogant blonde bitch can see
what she has coming to her.' He handed her a leather paddle and she clicked on
her high heels behind the young Wren. The tall army officer still stinging from
the short spanking watched transfixed in terrorised anticipation.




Chapter six

The russian girl stood looking down at Allison's vulnerable bottom, her bondage
specifically designed for this very purpose. Her harms were stretched painfully
up behind her, twisting in their sockets so that she was forced forward over the
bar pushing her buttocks back towards the dark haired girl with the leather
paddle. Her head was pulled back by the restrictive silver collar about her
throat that was leashed to her wrist chain forcing her head back meaning she
could only stare in desperation at the tall blonde army officer facing her.
Allison was also conscious that in this position not only was her pantygirdle
clearly on display but it was also pulled up tight between her legs which was
both uncomfortable and causing that warm sensation in her loins rather like when
she had felt the course heavy rope that she had to climb in training sliding
roughly between her thighs.

As if he could read Allison's mind, the slave dealer held the russian girl back.

'Now where is the fun if we can't see the Harlot's blushes?' He motioned to the
russian girl and she tucked the leather paddle under her arm. She pushed
Allison's heavy black serge jacket further up the young red head's back and then
rolled the bottom of her crisp white blouse up to her waist. Allison flinched as
she felt the girls fingernails run down the bare flesh of her back and under the
heavily elasticated waistband of her underwear. Jessica blushed in shame for her
young friend as she could tell what they were doing. Allison stiffened visibly
as her the pantygirdle was dragged down over her bottom and was left bunched at
the tops of her thighs. She felt the suspenders holding up her heavy stockings
go slack but worst of all her head drooped even against the choking grip of the
collar. For now the rubbing against her sex was relievedly gone and yet the cool
air made her realise that her sex had been responding to the pressure.

She was so ashamed that these beasts had seen this. She knew that the slave
driver, his maid and his one of his black man servants could all tell that she
was unable to control this brazen urge. She thought that she was going to cry,
she couldn't even look Jessica in the eye now, convinced that she had let the
taller stronger girl down. She managed to swallow the wail of pity that was
growing in her throat and it came out as a resigned sob.

Then she yelped. She had been so wallowing in self pity that she had forgotten
why they had pulled her underwear down. She was soon reminded as the leather
paddle landed with a sharp crack on her right buttock. At first it was just
surprise at being struck and then for a split second nothing happened. And then
a sharp heat started to build at the site of the blow and just as the heat
turned to pain there was a crack on her left buttock.

The first blow had taken her by surprise but she was determined not to cry out
again. Now she looked at Jessica, her only friend in the room. The blonde locked
eyes with her and she concentrated as hard as she could.

'crack' on the left cheek then 'crack' on the right. Each time the blow numbed
the pain from the previous one but then it built up again starting higher going
higher as the other firm white curve of flesh was struck. Her vision was going
cloudy and she could feel the hot salt tears running down her face and dripping
from her delicate jaw line and still the blows fell. She had lost count even
though she could see that Jessica was counting them off. She knew how terrible
this must have been for the officer for although she alone knew how excruciating
was the pain the army officer could only wait in anticipation. After half a
dozen strokes to each side of her bottom the blows stopped.

It was enough to drive Allison mad, she was so desperate to put her hands to her
sore behind and try and rub some of the pain away. She was glad of the respite
she felt that she must be glowing by now, every single nerve ending was in pain
where the paddle had landed. She sniffed hard convinced that the worst must be
past as she blinked tears away and saw that her vision was starting to clear.

She saw that the russian girl and her arab master had moved away and stood
behind Jessica. Jessica was defiantly taunting them. Jessica came from a rich
family whilst Allison's father had been an engineer and now the tall upper class
blonde was giving forth in that female English accent that had demanded respect
and required correction around the globe.

'I went to Harborne ladies college, you can't intimidate me with your toys you
wog bastard. You and your little commie tart.'

'Oh this one has a mouth on her, but then she also comes with the means of her
own silence.' Barked the enraged white-slaver. Indeed Jessica was stunned into
silence as she felt her white silk french knickers being rent assunder, torn
from her body leaving her naked and exposed. Abdul grabbed her by the hair and
yanked her head back as she vainly tried to bring her bound legs together to
hide her shame. 'This should keep you quiet you arrogant whore!' he hissed
viciously in her ear. Her head was pulled back so hard against the collar that
her red lipsticked mouth was wide open and he shoved the torn silk garment hard.
The material had been balled up but it cut off Jessica's protestations to a
muffle. 'There, that's better. And I want you to make this bitch dance or I'll
let our two negro friends have you again.'

Allison shocked by the ferocity of the assault could barely guess what was in
store for the blonde, she felt like her own flesh had petrol burning on it and
they didn't seem to have a burning hatred of her as they did for Jessica. As she
felt the silk wad in her mouth soak with her own saliva Jessica braced herself
knowing that they had something special for her that she wasn't going to like.

Jessica still struggled in her bonds, trying to ascertain what was happening
behind her. Her whole body was tense knowing that at any second she would feel
the frightful sting of the paddle. She could still feel the sting from her
earlier spanking and even whilst no further blows had fallen she pushed her
thighs further into the bar to escape the coming fury.

'Crack' Even though she knew it was coming, the first blow shocked her in its
ferocity. It pushed against the firm white skin of her bottom and she felt the
shock travel in ripples as far as the tops of her legs and her lower back. Her
yell muffled by the silk knickers forced into her mouth. Even Allison was so
surprised that she leapt deliciously much to her black attendants delight.
Before Jessica could recover from the first blow the second landed with equal
ferocity. Her body still pressed hard against the bar had nowhere to go so the
energy of the blow was transferred entirely to her body.

Jessica tried not to cry out again. She felt the saliva from her mouth rolling
down her chin as the french lace and silk stopped her closing her mouth and
swallowing. As a flurry of blows landed with seemingly more speed and intensity
even than had been dealt to Allison Jessica was burning with physical and
emotional pain. It was only a few hours since she had been lying happily on a
beach with barely a care in the world. Now here she was burning with pain even
as the blood rushing to her bottom caused a stirring that she had barely felt
before, her shame that she was exposed to a room full of strangersand her
embarrasment that she couldn't even stop herself from dribbling down her chin.

The blows lasted for what seemed like an eternity, Jessica's tears rolled down
her chin mingling with the drool as it dripped from her chin into a pool on the
floor in front of her. Allison counted a dozen blows to each side of her
friend's bottom and could only guess at the pain she was in. It was maddening
that burning sensation unable to do anything about it, that was worse than not
being able to protect herself from the blows in the first place. Eventually the
russian girl, panting sheened with sweat stopped. By this point Jessica was
slumped forward over the bar. She barely noticed the tearing at her shoulders or
the ache in her neck.

'Very good my pretty.' Abdul stroked the dark haired girl's face. 'You have
pleased me but I suspect that this whore is made of strong stuff. Maybe we
should try something else to ensure the bitch remains silent.' Jessica stomach
lurched as she heard the swish of the crop through the air behind her. Allison
looked on in terror of the device being proffered to Jessica's bottom. Abdul
stood behind Jessica smiling, it was that smile that really frightened Allison,
he was taking pleasure from this for the pure joy of hurting someone. Jessica
seemed to detect something of the Slave dealers air of arrogance and she braced
up defiantly. She expected the stinging blow to fall any second but she didn't
know how she was going to deal with the new pain, she'd just have to deal with
that when it came.

It wasn't a sharp stinging blow, it was a delicate flick with just the leather
loop at the end of the crop. It flicked teasingly at the lips of her sex, that
were already engorged from the spanking. It was like the flick of a girl's
tongue like she had dreamed about but never experienced. She squirmed, this was
worse torture than simple pain, it was the root of her fears. As the soft
leather swiped back and forth she could feel she was losing control of her own
body, the cool air cold against the moistness that was gathering at the tops of
her thighs. Then it stopped.

Jessica burned in shame as she realised that even though the flicks had stopped
she was still moving her hips in time to the rythm of the blows. She was
grinding her belly against the padding of the bar. She woke from her revery with
a start when she heard al Rafiq speaking from in front of her. Both the bound
women could hear the amusement in his voice.

'Now it's time to see exactly what we have and take them on a trip to the
doctor. Strip them naked.'




Chapter 7

Allison felt physically relieved as first the leash attached to the tight silver
collar was released and then the cuffs that had held her arms so uncomfortably
up her back were unfastened. She had no concept of how long she had been bound
for but even with the black men holding one of her wrists each she could feel
the leaden sensation in her arms as the blood returned to her hands. She felt
the material of her pantygirdle scrunch between her thighs as her ankles were
released and the two men holding her were forced to take some of her weight as
her legs weakened by the bondage and the savage beating failed to support her at
first. She felt glad to be standing in an almost natural stance after the
humiliating position she'd been forced to hold and for the moment was not even
thinking about what had been said about stripping them.

They dragged her backward about a yard from the spanking bar so they had room to
work but Jessica could still see what they were doing to her pretty red headed
friend. Allison looked at the tall blonde army officer with a mixture of pity
and dispair. It was harder to see her blue eyes past the brim of her cap from
this standing position but she could see the white silk of the other girls
panties protruding past her still red painted lips. She could see the watermarks
left by her tears down to her jaw line and the trail of saliva down her chin to
wear it dripped to a pool on the floor. Jessica had been so cruelly treated for
protesting that Allison kept quiet for the moment prepared to tolerate
embarrassment whilst the pain was still fresh on her buttocks. She awoke from
this daze as she felt the arab man unfastening the laces on her issue shoes and
gently removing them from her feet. He grabbed the bunch of her panties from
between her legs and Allison stiffened but nothing more as the felt the cruel
insistent grip of the two men holding her arms. He dragged her underwear down
over her thighs drawing the stockings with them and tossed them to one side. The
he unfastened the gold gilt buttons of her uniform jacket and smiled in her face
as he pushed it back off her shoulders. The two men holding her arms deftly
removed the jacket without seeming to loosen their grip and passed it back to
the weasly looking arab who folded it neatly and placed it with her skirt. Next
he unfastened her black silk tie again smiling callously in her face as he
slowly dragged the tie around her neck from one side. Sliding it through the
stiff starched collar.

Allison felt the breathing of the men holding her arms quicken as the arab
popped the front stud of her collar open and he smiled in her face with mounting
amusement as he slowly unfastened the pearl buttons of her neat uniform shirt.
He let the blouse hang in place until he had unbuttoned it right to the bottom
and this time he pushed it back off her shoulders, slowly luxuriously. The two
negros were staring down at her as they again disrobed her until all she was
wearing now was her bustier, her hat and the restrictive slave collar. The
bustier was very firmly wired and gave her breasts a pointed stiff appearance.
The young naval officer gasped as the man came back from folding her blouse with
a knife held point up towards her.

'Pretty.' Again that lecherous smirk as he slid the knife under the shoulder
strap of her bustier. He lifted the blade sharply and the strap parted and fell
from her shoulder. He repeated this on the other strap so that the only thing
holding the garment in place was the underwiring around her breasts. He deftly
drew the knife down between her breasts, slicing through the material but not
even touching the skin fractions of a millimetre beneath. The garment hung from
her breasts for a heartbeat. She felt perspiration on her forehead as all the
men in the room held their collective breath. Then in a twinkling the remains of
the bustier had landed on the floor and she could have sworn she heard a whistle
as her busom was exposed to their gaze. Her young breasts were pert and firm,
white and blue veined. She could feel the animal lust especially from her two
captors and she almost expected them to start mauling her body now that it was
exposed to them but instead they fastened a chain around her waist and secured
her wrists with cuffs to it. The lead was re-attached to the collar and given to
the Russian girl to hold. Allison realised she was breathing hard, warm despite
the cool air of the room. It was as if someone was thrumming a guitar string
that was connected directly from her breasts to her sex as she watched the two
massively built black men walk over to Jessica.

The tall blonde ATS officer had watched in fascination as the Wren had been
stripped naked except for her tricorn hat and the mark of their captivity around
her neck. Despite the pain  burning in the skin of her bottom and the
humiliation of being sexually teased by a stranger she too had felt the
insistent tugging in her body as Allison had beed exposed. She should have
protested, she wanted to cry out as they unfastened her bonds. She however
managed to stand first time, she didn't want to give them any satisfaction nor
did she want to waste her energy and risk another beating by resisting.

Again the weasly arab undressed her with that smile in his eyes. When he sliced
through her bra one of the black men did actually whistle as her large shapely
firm bosom came into view. She was bound as Allison had been, the statuesque
blonde and the shapely redhead stood side by side, leashed and held by a
conteptuous Russian slave girl. Abdul al Rafiq stood before them.

'In a moment I am going to have you inspected by my doctor who is an expert in
assessing a slave girl's qualification and stamina. First I wish to see you as
intended.' At this the other arab man removed Allison's cap and pulled the hair
slides from her bobbed red mane. He ran his fingers through her hair so that it
fell loose. Then he removed the grips from Jessicas much more elaborately
arranged blonde hair. It fell loose down over her shoulders and in two blonde
cascades either side of her face. She no longer looked as severe as she had
done, softer almost, with the soft blonde hair about her shoulders just above
those eminent breasts. 'Very good, you really will be most valuable, even if I
only shave you and sell that to the wig makers. And Hassan,' He addressed the
weasly arab by name.'Once they have been to the doctor's, do something about
those.' He pointed at the girls bellies but Hassan knew what this honour from
his master meant.

At this point Jessicas leash was taken from the Russian girl by one of the black
guardians. The English girl had so far found no way of differentiating the two
men. He wrapped her leash around his enormous fist so that the silver band
pulled uncomfortably against her throat and his knuckles rested against the nape
of her neck. Then he forced her forwards towards the door, her bare feet padding
on the cold marble floor. Once in the corridor his manner relaxed as he marched
her towards 'the doctor'.

Josh Horner had grown up in poverty in West Africa. In those days he never saw a
white person and would probably have not been bothered if he had. At the age of
fifteen he had taken a job aboard a tramp steamer, ploughing its trade up and
down the African coast. The captain had been an Englishman with a furious temper
that got worse when he was drinking. He had beaten the young Josh and the other
boy on the cruise, Billy Bothwell. Billy was currently holding Allison's leash
back in the marble punishment room. When drunk the captain would beat the boys
more severely and would bugger them once he had thrashed them. Then after 2
years of this he had taken the boys ashore in Cairo and had kept them locked in
a hotel room whilst he went out drinking and then he would come back and
sodomise one or both of them. Then one night he came back the worse for drink
and even though he had bound their wrists the two boys had beaten him to death.
Pursued by the police in a strange country Abdul al Rafiq had rescued them and
taken them into his employ.

Their duties ranged from general domestic, bodyguard, kidnapping women, usually
local but quite often intricate plots to get hold of white women and training
and punishing those women that they took. The captain who had sodomised Josh and
Billy had a daughter at home in England, a beautiful blonde girl. Josh's one
regret about murdering the captain was that before he killed him, he wanted to
force him to watch the two black men violate his daughter. He had found Abdul
more than willing for him to practise this by sodomising any recalcitrant white
slaves.

'Not so high and mighty now, huh, bitch?' He spat in Jessica's ear as they
marched. 'Bet you'll scream them panties right out with a black monster in that
lilly white ass, huh bitch?'. Jessica ignored him, she was in too much pain to
think much past the terrible stinging in her backside or the thirst and hunger.
She couldn't help thinking of Allison's naked body just for a second as she was
led into a room equipped with an examination chair fitted with stirrups.




Chapter 8

Standing by the chair was a european man wearing the white coat of a doctor. He
had black hair heavily flecked with grey and had needed a shave about a week
ago. This was the first white man that Jessica had seen since her ordeal began
but she could tell from the lewd grin that there was no point appealing to him
for help. Josh released her leash but before she could react he spun her around
by the shoulders and shoved her so that she fell backwards onto the chair.
Unable to protect herself because of her bound wrists her beaten backside landed
heavily on the leather with a firm slap. All she could manage was an animal
grunt at the pain as the wind was knocked from her by the fall. Josh grinned as
he easily held her down and fastened a thick leather strap around her waist to
hold her in place. Then he fastened another strap around her shoulders and she
was totally helpless once he had fastened a third strap around her throat.

He then grabbed her right ankle and even though Jessica tried as hard as she
could she couldn't break his grasp. He placed her foot into a stirrup and
fastened it there with a buckling leather strap. Then he did the same with her
left leg. He stood back to admire his handywork. The tall blonde, her hair
fanned out around her head, the marks of her tears down her face, her blue eyes
burning hate at the two men, even as the white silk of her panties still showed
past her parted red lips. She was completely immobile, her magnificent long lean
body strapped down hard to the chair, quivering with horror and the burning pain
in her bottom, those long slim shapely legs spread in the most undignified
position exposing her sex surrounded by the thick bush of blonde hair.

Her eyes darted from one man to the other wondering what was to happen next.

'Funny, big tits like that and the boss hasn't even beaten them.'

'Oh she's special, gonna make a lotta money out of this bitch. Pair of bitches.'
Josh couldn't hide the lust in his voice from Jessica, she knew this was a black
man who liked his women white and reluctant. The doctor walked closer and
started at her head. Firstly he tidied her hair up so that it wouldn't get in
his way. Then even as she looked imploringly at him he brought his lamp closer
to inspect her. He checked her eyes pulling them wider open to check the whites
fully. Then with a deft move he hooked the sodden lump of her French knickers
out of her mouth. Before she had a chance to speak though he hooked his thumbs
under her lips and pulled her mouth open to inspect her teeth and gums. He made
appreciative noises at the flawless white teeth and healthy pink gums. He
released his thumbs but immediately slapped a large rectangle of zinc oxide
plaster over her mouth.

He then moved down to her large breasts. Even though she was slim for her
height, Jessica had a full, firm pair of D cup breasts with small pink nipples.
Even though she had acquired a healthy light tan since being posted to North
Africa her breasts had kept their native whiteness. The flawless ivory skin
punctuated here and there by a blue vein just visible below the surface. He
cupped her breasts with his cold hard hands, she could smell the reek of alcohol
as his breath grew deeper and she was horrified to realise that he was obviously
becoming aroused at the sight of her naked body. Josh just smiled down at her
not even attempting to conceal the partial erection that pressed against the
tight material of his trousers.

The doctor manipulated her breasts, rolling them back and forth, squeezing them,
pushing them, checking their firmness. He seemed pleased with the result. Even
grasping a nipple between his first and second finger and then circling his hand
as he pulled on the teat. Both men laughed as Jessica, breathing hard through
her nose, felt the nipple crinkle to erectness. She felt tears roll down her
cheek again at the inhumane treatment, they were using her like they were
examing a sow at market. And she grew even less comfortable as Josh unfastened
the waist button and flies of his trousers and began to stroke himself. He took
two strides forward so that he was standing right by her head. Inches from her
face he was manipulating his penis.

The doctor momentarily looked at Josh and smiled. If only Josh was the worst
this girl could expect but he he knew better as he worked his fingers against
the tight muscles of her abdomen. He knew from the English service women that he
had examined for the slavers before that they were in great physical shape but
he'd never seen a girl as well built or as fit as this 21 year old. As the
doctor walked around her outstretched leg and seated him self on a stool facing
her sex, Josh took out his massive and still only partially erect penis and laid
it on Jessica's face. Again the doctor did nothing to restrain him as Jessica
stared, mesmerised by the enourmous black snack resting against her cheek and
nose.

The doctor clicked on a torch and fished something metal sounding off a tray.
Jessica jumped as much as the thick leather strap would allow as she felt first
the doctors cold fingers and then the colder steel touch the opening of her sex.
She let out a strangulated squeel, audible through the tape gag as not only were
the petals of her sex pulled open suddenly but also Josh had started rubbing his
penis up and down her face. She was forced to screw her eyes shut as he started
to slap the heavy bulbous black head against her face, he used it on her chin,
against the tape over her mouth, her nose, the cheek on the side that he was
standing, her forehead and even her eyes. At one point she felt the splash of
something warm and wet against her face. She was sure that he had ejaculated but
it was only a drop of pearlescent pre ejaculate.

She wanted to scream as she felt the cold metal device slide inside her but knew
that for the moment it was hopeless. She just lay there with her eyes screwed up
tight hoping for the nightmare to end. Then she heard a whistle from the doctor.

'Joshua old friend, I don't think you're going to get to play with this one,
she's even more valuable then we thought.' He released the metal device and
tapped his cold hand against her sex as it contracted back to normality. 'What
we have here is virgo intacto as they say.'

'What the fuck's that Doc.' Josh asked not liking the patronising tone in the
doctor's soft irish accent. For the moment his penis out of contact with
Jessica's face. Jessica opened her eyes realising that something was up.

'She's a virgin. And I doubt very much that the boss will want her deflowering
before selling. You may have to content yourself with her magnificent bosom and
mouth assuming that her new owner doesn't require your much vaunted skill.' Josh
was somewhat deflated, so much so that he actually put himself away. He had been
so looking forward to using this magnificent white slut. 'Tell 'the barber' that
I've finished with this one for the moment and he might as well have her whilst
she's here.'

As the doctor stood up the weasly little arab man entered the room and took his
place on the stool between Jessica's thighs. He worked from a tray of his own
fetching up a shaving mug and brush. After working the brush for a few seconds
he began to liberally apply frothy shaving soap around Jessica's sex. He applied
it to the v of hair upwards towards her belly, either side of her sex and even
in the space between her vaginal opening and her anus. Jessica couldn't move her
head enough to see the look of disgust and concentration on his face but she
could hear the strop of the cut-throat blade against the leather strap. The
sharpened steel scraped harshly across her skin as it removed the pubic hair in
the order that the soap had been applied. She dared not even breath lest the
razor cut her in her most intimate and sensitive of places as the man removed
the last shreds of her dignity with the short curly blonde hair. Finally she
felt herself rubbed clean with a towel and she sighed in relief that she hadn't
suffered further physical pain.

The sensation of being shaved 'down there' was an odd one. The skin was so much
more sensitive and she felt cleaner somehow. The arab man stood and smiled at
his handywork.

'Hold this one outside in the drinking room whilst I inspect the other one.' The
doctor ordered. Josh quickly unfastened the restraints, Jessica's feet falling
weakly to rest on the floor before he hauled her to her feet by her hair.




Chapter Nine

Jessica was quickly rebound with her wrists cuffed together behind her back.
Then Josh breathing hard but taut with sexual anticipation fastened a broad
leather belt around her elbows and then pulled it tight drawing her arms
together hard. Jessica let out a squeal but for the moment was too weary to
resist for long. She just stood outside the examination room with her head bowed
as an enormous black man kept her on a short leash. At least the gag was gone
but its effect was to leave her mouth dry, which combined with her fear gave her
a raging thirst. She managed to look up and smile as Allison was dragged past
her into the room. Despite their predicament Allison's pale skin was beautiful
to Jessica, so firm and pure and sweet. Even as they dragged the younger girl
past Jessica watched the poor girls reddened bottom.

Jessica didn't have long to wait until Allison's examination was complete and
they brought her back similarly bound and stood the pretty redhead next to the
amozonian blonde. As well as the furtive arab who now viewed the girls with
slightly less contempt after his ministrations, the two black handlers, the
doctor also stood waiting for Abdul al Rafiq to make an appearence. The slave
trader strode proudly towards the two white English women followed by the dark
haired Russian slave girl. The once aristocratic eastern European was carrying
what looked liked two silver dog bowls. She placed the containers that appeared
full of water before the two British officers.

The doctor spoke quietly to Abdul but not so quietly that Jessica and Allison
couldn't tell what it was about. He was revealing that the Slave masters prized
catches were even more valuable than they had previously thought. In a middle
eastern slave market who knows how astronomical a price would be payed to not
only dominate these two English beauties but also to deflower such despicably
arrogant bitches. The white slaver grinned wickedly as he approached the two
girls. He looked up and down their perfect white bodies as if they were made of
pure gold, which at that moment they might as well have been. They fitted the
two archetypes that his customers wanted in a white women.

One so sweet and cute, with her striking red bobbed hair, beautiful green eyes
and petite body with just enough feminine curve for a man to admire. The taller
girl, blonde full figured and blue eyed. How much would his customers pay to try
and break this one, or more likely to use and abuse her with enough spirit left
in her to try and resist.

'You impress me ladies.' He stroked Allison's and then Jessica's cheeks in turn.
'You aren't the wanton sluts that I thought you were.' He underwent one of his
sudden and spontaneous mood swings. 'But not actually being whores doesn't mean
that you haven't wanted to be. You may be virgins but you are little more than
bazaar prostitutes in thought. Have I not seen the way that you stare hungrily
at every man in the room, wanting to take a good Muslims soul using your womanly
wiles.' Jessica felt obliged to tell him what a lot of rot he was talking but
she felt Josh tightening his grip on her leash and knew that whatever she said
would make very little difference but would hurt a lot.

'But I am not a harsh man, I realise that guests must have refreshment.' He
stepped back behind the bowls that the Russian girl had laid out. 'It's not
champagne I'm afraid but I'm sure that you are feeling thirsty at the moment.
And of course I no longer have to keep up that pretence of 'Western'
civilisation.' He spat out the phrase and was about to launch into one of his
rants but controlled himself in time. 'So you will drink like the bitches that
you are.'

Allison was stunned. She was desperately thirsty, she hadn't had anything to
drink and the drug that they had used to bring her and Jessica here had left her
with a blazing thirst but she wasn't going to drink like this. Abdul knew that
the light punishment the girls had already recieved had not yet prepared them
for this level of self degradation and indeed he wanted them to remain insolent
and resistant as that was sure to command a high price for the pair when he got
them to the viewing room. He nodded to his two overseers.

With a fluid movement Josh and Billy kicked out the back of the girls knees so
that they feel heavily into a kneeling position. Then they used the collars to
force the English girls' faces to about an inch above the level of the water in
the large silver dog bowls. Jessica and Allison were helpless, their arms bound
at wrist and elbow meant that they had no leverage at all to try and sit
upright. Despite the pain in the nape of her neck, the muscular tension of her
bound arms and the barely faded pain of her spanked bottom Jessica was almost
relieved to feel the cooler air near the surface of the water. Forced over into
such a compromising position she hoped that no one would notice that as her
large breasts touched the refreshing coolness of the stone floor her nipples had
actually crinkled to erection. In fact despite everything that was happening
around her and to her she had that feeling that she sometimes got when she had
consumed one too many glasses of wine and had been in close proximity to
handsome men and beautiful women. That feeling that made her go back to her
billet and very surrepticiously slip one and under her night dress and stroke
her bosom as the other hand stroked her own thighs. She silently chastised
herself, how could she be having such thoughts at a moment like this?

Jessica was woken from her day dreaming as Abdul started to speak.

'You have two ways of drinking the water. My faithful retainers will hold you in
this position so that you may lap up the water like the bitches that you are or
you may drink like this...' With this he placed his foot on the back of
Jessica's head and pushed down forcing her face into the water. Depite her
bondage, Jessica's survival instinct gave her the strength to thrash violently
but not sufficiently to break free. She could feel the water forcing up her
nose, her eyes screwed tight shut, instinctively she opened her mouth and
inhaled a mouthful of water. After what seemed an age as she started to feel her
consciousness slipping away, Abdul lifted his foot and she was hauled free of
the water. The tall blonde coughed hard, trying to clear her airway so that she
could get her breath back. With great heaving breaths she eventually managed to
regain her composure. 'Now will you drink my blonde bitch?'. Jessica was a well
brought up young lady so she barely knew how to swear let alone what any of the
words meant. She decided to reply with something she once heard a street urchin
yell at a police constable back in London. It was all she could think of to show
this vicious bastard her contempt.

'Piss off you wooden topped twat.'

'Oh well down we go again.' And with that he put his foot on the back of
Jessica's head again and pushed down. The tall blonde realised what she had to
do, she knew what he wanted her to do but she wasn't going to give him the
satisfaction so Jessica began to drink. Having anticipated his reaction to her
resistance she had quite calmly calculated that the bowl could only contain
about a pint and a half of water and by tipping her head forwards she only had
to remove about a pint of the liquid until her mouth was clear of the surface
and she could breath again. She started by thrashing her head around which
tipped a substantial amount of water out of the dog bowl and then she started to
take great gulps of water. She could only hold her breath and drink for a short
time until the water in her nose would make her inhale by reflex so she sucked
down the water as hard as she could. Her lungs were almost bursting but she
concentrated on the liquid as hard as she could and after what seemed an age she
felt air around her lips. She then took the most satisfying lungs full of air
she had ever known.

'Well well. The bitch isn't as stupid as she looks. Sit her up.' The naked
blonde girl was hauled back to a kneeling position, her hair matted around her
face, her large breasts heaving deliciously as she tried to regain her
composure. 'Now what about you my firey haired harpy?' Allison was still
kneeling with her mouth just above the water. The younger of the two English
girls had realised what Jessica had just done but she didn't know if she could
do that. She felt that she had already let the Army officer down but then she
didn't know what else to do so she started lapping at the water. It was barely
enough to wet the inside of her mouth and she felt ashamed as she heard the men
laughing at her. Jessica watched the Russian girl with abject hatred as she too
smiled at the red haired English girl's debasement. The expression 'just like a
bitch' seemed to be the abuse of choice. Eventually when they started to grow
bored Allison was hauled back upright and as Jessica looked over to try and
catch her eye, Allison just cast her eyes downward in utter embarrasment.

That didn't end the proceedings though. Both girls had a large rubber ball
forced into their mouth wedging their teeth apart and secured by a strap behind
the head and under the chin. They were kept on their knees for the moment. As
the Russian slave girl removed the dog bowls Abdul stepped forward.

'Your compliance shall be rewarded, you slut shall join us for dinner.' He spoke
to Allison. 'Whereas for your persistent disobedience, you whore shall attend to
other needs.' And with that he snapped his fingers and the two girls were
dragged to their feet and frog marched out of the room in opposite directions
much to the amusement of the men who knew what was in store for them.




Chapter 10

As the slim and pretty red head was dragged off down the corridor she felt that
the dinner invitation had to be more sinister than it sounded. For one thing she
was still bound at wrist and elbow which prevented her from wiping the excess
water from her face so that it dripped down onto her small naked breasts. For
another she was being handled not too kindly by a large black man who had
already demonstrated his dislike of her and all that he thought she stood for.

Unlike his friend Josh, Billy preferred to taunt the new slaves with actions
rather than words and he had been somewhat disappointed to learn that both of
the latest acquisitions were virgins and it was highly unlikely that he would
get to play with them. Another difference between the two West Africans
currently working for an Arabic white slaver was that he hadn't just left his
village in search of money and adventure. Billy had been well educated by a
liberal and well-meaning Scots engineer who originally employed the 14 year old
boy as a general assistant and later as a clerk. He had taught Billy correct
English as well as reading writing and arithmetic and the young man would have
had a bright future ahead of him but for a change in his circumstances.

After 3 years the Scottish engineer grew ill from the tropical heat of Africa
and should have been sent home to rest but his boss, the chief regional
engineer, an Englishman of poor training but good connections had forced him to
stay so as not to disturb the lucrative contracts then in place. The Scotsman
grew more bitter about his employer and the poor relationship between England
and Scotland over the years and so by the time that he died in a site hut next
to a red sand road deep in the jungle Billy too had developed a hatred for the
Anglo Saxon race.

When the chief engineer replaced 17 year old Billy's dead mentor with an
Englishman it was bound to cause problems. If the man appointed had been in any
way competent then he would have nurtured the innate intelligence of the young
clerk but out in the tropical heat good white men were few and far between and
he made the situation worse. The new engineer immediately relegated Billy to a
menial role believing that Negroes were only good for hard labour and would
never amount to anything. This angered the teenager, as it was exactly what the
Scotsman had said of the English attitude towards his race.

The only bright spot in this was the English engineers young wife. She was a
kindly but dim blonde girl who had married the Englishman knowing that one day
he would inherit his father's money so that for a few years in the sun living
like a Rajah she would be able one day to return to a country seat in the Shires
a very wealthy woman. She had the European woman's distaste of the black
labourers but at the same time felt that they were treated dreadfully by the
regional engineers. Not knowing how best to deal with these coarse brutes who
eyed her with undisguised lust she decided to do what she could for young Billy.
He after all was so much more civilised in his shirt trousers and boots.

So for a while at least Billy's education continued. Elspeth, for that was the
wife's name, took him on as her valet. She continued his education and he helped
her with errands and even accompanied her on trips to local markets to seek out
African curios. They grew close over time and this was to be Billy's downfall.
One day Elspeth had an angry row with her husband and stormed out of the
engineer's residence and stormed off. Billy realising that a white woman was not
safe alone any distance away from her own kind in this part of Africa followed
her discretely to make sure that she was alright. He had another motive, over
the weeks and months he had come to admire the dark hair, pale skinned beauty of
the woman. The way her fine cotton dresses clung to her feminine frame, the
little beads of sweat that would run down her cheek as the temperature reached
its unbearable noontime zenith, and the cute satin lace up ankle boots that she
wore constantly. Billy at the age of 17 had developed his first crush on a girl,
7 years his elder but still girlish in her body and mannerisms.

Eventually Billy had caught her up and they had sat talking beside the path for
what seemed hours. She was friendless in the whole continent of Africa and he
was the only confidant that she had so she poured out her heart to him. And then
as the sun sank and the air grew cooler Billy very gallantly draped his jacket
over her smooth sun kissed shoulders. As they were so close she uttered some
word of thanks that Billy misinterpreted as something more. And he kissed her
lips.

'Ugh! You filthy black bastard!' She pushed him away as much as a petite young
woman can push a strapping great man.

'But I thought...' Billy no longer knew what he thought.

'You thought.' She laughed in his face. 'I could never be attracted to someone
of your sort.' By his sort she obviously meant a black man, a Negro, a nigger, a
jungle bunny. She hated him for the colour of his skin and openly laughed in his
face. Billy was angry. He hated to be mocked, he detested being the butt of a
joke and here he was subjected to a humiliating rejection. She stopped laughing
when she saw the burning anger in his eyes but by then it was too late.

Billy was so angry that he raped her. So angry that even as she screamed in pain
and humiliation he sodomised her. So angry that even as he ejaculated in her
face, squirting into her screaming mouth he slapped her face with his enormous
black cock. His anger had subsided by the time he finished but by then he knew
he couldn't go back. He punched her into unconsciousness and escaped into the
bush. From there he made his way to the coast where he signed up with a tramp
steamer, no questions asked. On that steamer he met Josh with whom he would form
a lifelong bond and the abusive captain who they would murder together and so
begin Billy's second flight from the white man's law.

The upshot was that Billy would always be damned for raping a white woman so
that in effect there was nothing to stop him from doing it again, they can only
hang a man once. It also cemented his hatred of this English. What had started
as a dislike of a race derived from romanticised tales of Scottish freedom
fighters and come via anecdotal experience to a deep seated despising but with
the perfect foil in his abuse of English women. And this was the man who
currently had a pretty English Wren officer naked on a leash.

Allison had been led through various corridors and chambers that appeared to be
part of the living area of the desert fortress where she was being held. The
fact that her legs were unfettered this time meant that it was easy to keep up
with her captor. Eventually they reached the door to the chamber that was their
destination and Billy shouldered the door open and dragged her inside.

Allison caught a glimpse of a large dining table covered by a spotless white
cloth and plain green and white tiled walls. The room was cool, fresh and smelt
of flowers. If she was genuinely going to be a dinner guest she could think of
worse places than this to eat but as always there was a catch.

Billy caught up the petite naval officer and dumped her on the table in a
kneeling position. Allison couldn't help feeling useless that even using the
strength of her whole body she still couldn't break the grip of one hand of her
captor. With her wrists and elbows still bound she felt Billy fastening manacles
around her ankles too. Suddenly the West African flipped her over backwards and
secured her ankles to her wrist chain. She was now lying on her back with her
knees apart exposing her freshly shaved sex to anyone at that end of the table.
This view was further enhanced by the fact that her feet were trapped under her
buttocks thrusting her belly upward. Her back was arched thrusting her breasts
at anyone near her head, and her neck was bent at an acutely uncomfortable angle
and all she could see was the delicately tooled plasterwork of the ceiling. The
after making sure that she couldn't move on the table she heard Billy leave the
room and suddenly she was alone.

Despite this being her first moment of privacy since the ordeal started she
found it hard to concentrate. The light beating of the buttocks that she had
received earlier made the pressure of her heels against her bottom doubly
uncomfortable and between the angle of her neck and the rubber ball gag she had
to concentrate to swallow. All she could think of at that moment was what horror
was currently awaiting Jessica. Allison worried that the tall blonde army
officer was playing into their hands with her sullen resistance. They seemed to
enjoy punishing her, enjoyed it even more when she gave them an excuse to do it.




Chapter 11

Jessica had been dragged off in the opposite direction to Allison by her keeper,
Josh. None of the other men or the Russian girl had followed them and this
worried the tall posh girl. Anytime that Josh had been alone with her and even
in the presence of the doctor he exuded a sexual energy that frightened Jessica.
In the inter-war period young girls were taught that one of the first things
that evil men would do is rape young women. It had after all been a famous
recruitment campaign during the first world war. Now, here she was, with a man
who had told her that he was going to rape her and violate her in even worse
ways. And the size of his penis, she wasn't sure if that snake was normal but
she was sure it would be agony to have that forced into a place she had only
gently explored with her own slim fingers.

This time her captor did not speak to her as he led her down various corridors.
He seemed to be sniggering to himself, a very dirty sounding snigger indeed. He
even seemed less harsh with the way he led her but that could have been due to
the fact that she was less heavily bound and getting used to her treatment. They
arrived in a chamber tiled in plain white. Oil lamps provided a harsh glare as
there was no natural light streaming in through the windows. On one side of the
room there was a bench with hooks above for hanging clothes, on the other side
the was a tiled shelf bearing bowls, water jugs, towels and soaps. Jessica was
more struck by the small pretty Arab girl who rose to her feet on their
entrance, she was dressed in a classic Arabian Nights harem costume that could
have been lifted straight out of one the more salacious illustrated magazines.
Josh unfastened the restraints on Jessica's wrists and elbows but controlled her
by pulling upward on the leash so that she had to stand on tiptoe so as to avoid
choking.

The Arab girl then brought forward what looked like Jessica's uniform shirt
which she slipped up the arms of the captured girl. She fastened only the collar
stud though so that the blouse failed to cover any of Jessica's embarrassing
nakedness. Then she fastened a tie around the blondes neck so that it hung
neatly between her ponderous breasts. Josh said something in Arabic to the girl
that Jessica didn't understand but the girl dropped her eyes from the statuesque
body of the blonde and dropped to her knees quivering. Then without bothering to
re-tie his captive Josh led her on tip toes into the next chamber.

This room had plain stone walls and was only a few feet square. There was a
window high up in the back wall but also the harsh glare of the lamps, this was
a room for spectacles so lighting was important. The stone floor appeared to
slope towards a drain at the far end of the room. Halfway down the gentle slope
there was a strange wooden device, a strip of wood about six inches high and
about a foot long. On top of this there was a wooden rod about 3 inches in
diameter that ran the whole length of it. Behind the wooden device there was a
set of manacles the chain attached to a loop set in the floor and above it there
was a metal version of those medieval stocks. The large hole in the centre was
obviously for the neck and there was a smaller aperture on either side for the
wrists. Although this collection looked uncomfortable, Jessica couldn't see any
further point for it so she was somewhat acquiescent as Josh turned her around
to secure her in the room.

Her large black captor laughed at the noise she made as he took her legs out
from under her and her weight landed on top of the wooden rod. Now she was
beginning to see what the room was for. The bar was applying painful pressure to
her clitoris, the opening of her sex and even her tightly puckered anus. It was
dreadfully uncomfortable but forcefully stimulating, the contradictory feelings
that the girl was experiencing made her want to either leap off it or straddle
back and forth on it like trotting in a well fitting but hard saddle. She barely
noticed her head and arms being fitted into the iron stocks, her whole attention
was now focused on the concentration of nerve endings between her legs. When her
ankles were secured she found that her knees were drawn apart making it
impossible for her to lift her weight off the bar for more than a few seconds
without excruciating pain in the backs of her thighs.

Having secured his victim Josh arranged her blouse so that it was clear either
side of her breasts, checked that her tie was straight and pushed her long
blonde hair back behind her ears and down the back of her shoulders.

He smiled down at his handiwork, blew her a kiss and left for the other chamber.
Jessica was left all alone with the maddening itch of the pressure between her
thighs wondering what would happen next. From the other chamber she heard a
noise that sounded like wet kissing. This noise continued but was joined by a
strange whimpering sound that grew in intensity to be joined by a series of
animal grunts. It sounded like Josh and the girl but Jessica in her innocence
and distraction couldn't figure out what they were doing to each other. Then the
animal grunts grew to a loud strangulated sigh of satisfaction and after a few
more moments the door opened and then closed again.

Jessica desperately uncomfortable but also maddeningly aroused tried with all
her strength not to masturbate against the bar. She was sure that was what the
bastards wanted but she wasn't going to give them the satisfaction. However that
was actually secondary to why she had been brought there.




Chapter 12

Allison had no idea how long she had been left hogtied on the table for. There
was a torrent of emotions flowing through her consciousness. She started to feel
relief that for the first time since the nightmare began she was alone and her
abuse amounted merely to discomfort rather than actively inflicted pain. She
also felt shame that she was being so compliant, she knew what they were doing,
they were tormenting Jessica knowing that she was the strong one, knowing that
if the proud blonde failed to resist their efforts then she would have to comply
eventually. Allison felt humiliated at her lack of resolve, maybe if she was as
resilient as Jessica then she could at least keep a sense of herself. She also
felt a certain amount of despair, after all no one knew they were here, no one
would know to rescue them and she would be a slave, subject to who knows what
revolting whims. Finally she settled down, tried to clear her mind of the fear
and the pain.

The quaking redhead was aware that people had entered the room long before she
really heard them or one of them passed through her restricted field of vision.
They sounded like they were setting the table. She heard the unmistakable sound
of crockery and cutlery being placed on the table as well as the sound of high
heels clicking on the cold stone floor. For all his hatred of Western
civilisation her Arab master had adopted one very European item of clothing. The
items on the table grew heavier sounding, presumably this was the food being
laid out. Allison could smell oil, spices and fruit and vegetables. A pretty
Asian girl wearing an almost music hall harem costume appeared by her head, as
the girl looked down at the young English woman, Allison could see her eyes
smiling though most of her features were hidden by a dark blue veil and
headscarf. The girl spoke to someone else in the room and they both giggled. The
red haired beauty bound to the table didn't like the tone that the girl had used
it sounded mocking and ominous all at once.

Allison started as she felt something cold touch both her cheeks. It was hard
and yet cold and clammy and smelt of fresh vegetables. She involuntarily arched
her back as something similar was pressed between her spread thighs, the
coolness almost painful against her freshly shaved sex. She struggled to see
what was going on around her but her painful bondage prevented her from looking
around at all.

If she had been shocked by the chilled objects placed against her delicate skin
what happened next to her naked body stunned her. The stream started by landing
between her breasts where it started to pool oozing slowly from the point where
it hit her skin. Then whoever was pouring the liquid, and from the giggling it
sounded like the two girls who had set the food out, moved the stream down her
body. The liquid flowed down her belly pooling in her navel, then lower, down
her abdomen so that it poured down around and over her sex. It moistened her
thighs as little rivulets followed the pull of gravity down off her body. The
liquid was so cold that her firm white skin goose bumped where the liquid sat,
viscously forming a thin layer over most of her body. Allison started to shiver
gently, as much as her hogtie would allow her.

The pouring returned back up her body over her breasts, over her small pink
nipples that crinkled under the sensuous flow. Allison felt a small feminine
finger teasing the oil around her right nipple and the giggling momentarily
changed to a malevolent laugh. The remainder of the oil was poured over her
chest, her arched back  allowing the salad oil to flow down over her shoulders.
It formed a puddle in the well formed in the notch of her neck, it ran down so
that it dripped deliciously off the shivering girls throat. Her whole body had
been covered in the oil but more was to come.

Satisfied that the captive's body was sufficiently coated they started to
sprinkle the chopped salad over her body. The fruit and vegetables clung in the
embrace of the dressing so that before long Allison was covered in the finely
sliced fruit. A few pieces began to slide sensuously over her body, like dozens
of gentle fingers stroking across the firm surface of her skin. The effect of a
human salad serving was completed as herbs and spices were sprinkled over the
English girls upturned feminine frame.

The giggling and the click of the serving maids' heels receded as they withdrew
from the dining room. Allison was left with the tiny bumps across her pale skin,
shivering under the layer of salad and dressing. She didn't have to wait long
before the rustle of robes and the click of shoes on the marble floor alerted
her to someone new entering the room. She could tell from the sound of the shoes
that it was a man and a woman but the sound stopped as they sat either side of
the bare captive.

They started talking in a foreign language and Allison was surprised at the tone
of their voices. Although she didn't know what they were saying they sounded
like any married couple over dinner discussing their respective days. This
illusion of domestic simplicity was disturbed as they started to eat the food
arranged around and on the naked red haired girl's body.

It started innocently enough. They started by taking the bread sticks that had
been placed in silver serving bowls by Allison's head. They used these to mop up
the flavoured olive oil off the bound girls belly and chest. The sensation of
the rough hard sticks of twice baked bread toying over her goose bumped skin
lubricated by the oil, moving the soft food around focused all of Allison's
attention on that small area of her body. It was at once sensual and yet
humiliating as the girl who until only a day or so ago had commanded a dozen
Wrens in the convoy control centre. They were using her as nothing more than an
object. Apart from the fact they were obviously taking pleasure in teasing her
she was nothing more than a serving platter for their convenience. The arrogant
young woman was simply an object to them, an object to be used for own ends, as
if she were no more than a piece of furniture. A tear ran down Allison's face
into her ear and only the large rubber ball secured in her mouth stopped the sob
that rose up her throat.

Allison shifted in her harsh bondage as both diners simultaneously started to
run the tips of their bread around her erect nipples. Her back arched further to
the erotic touch, as an invisible chord from her achingly erect nipples tugged
between her legs. What was more disconcerting was that despite the sexual
torment, Allison realised that the couple were carrying on their conversation as
if they weren't eating dinner off a girl who was currently straining against her
leather strapped hogtie like a brazen hussy.

There was a moments pause. Abdul said something to the woman and they both
laughed at the English girls predicament. The woman spoke one of the few words
of the heathen's language that she knew but it seemed appropriate as she landed
a swiping slap on one of Allison's over sensitised breasts. 'Slut!' she
exclaimed in a husky tone. Allison continued to writhe within her bondage,
hoping that if she pushed her breasts up high enough the erotic sensation would
return. She no longer cared what they thought of her, she wanted that sensation
to continue. If she had not been gagged she would have begged them, promised
anything, just for them to release one hand so that she could stroke herself as
she had done before. Teasing herself between her legs as she lay in her bunk,
biting her lip so that her outburst as the damn of sexuality burst over her
wouldn't be heard by the other officer cadets who had lain sleeping around her.

Allison's shoulders and thighs were burningly painful as she strived to force
her limbs into ever more difficult positions to try and get the sensual pleasure
to return. Even as she cried at her discomfiture and agony, it was like her body
was no longer hers to control, she knew that she should be resisting but years
of teenage sexual frustration made her long for some sort of release.

She didn't have to wait long for the teasing to restart with a vengeance. The
couple's conversation was more laboured now. They were obviously trying to
remain calm but that was difficult as they saw the girl's reaction as they took
the carrot sticks that had been placed between her thighs. Now they virtually
ignored the salad and the oil and used the English girl's natural 'dressing'.
They slid the cool slices of vegetable either side of her sex, coating it in the
moisture that had started to ooze from the young girl. Allison's bottom leapt
several inches upwards from where it had rested on her heels bound beneath her.
The muscles in her shoulders screamed at the unnatural strain and her head was
forced so far forward by this sudden lunge that she was almost choking herself.
But still they continued.

Instead of her own fingers gently caressing herself to a quiet orgasm they used
two hard cold sticks cut from carrots, of all things, to insistently press her.
They were tasting her with every mouthful of food that they took, chewing,
swallowing Allison's sexual lubricant. The redhead was all consumed with what
was happening between her thighs, her whole mind focused on that small, usually
undisturbed area. She could feel the sensation in her belly like an earthquake,
she knew that an orgasm was imminent and yet she fought against it. It wasn't
like she hadn't yearned for so many years to feel the warmth of a sexual
explosion but she didn't want it to happen like this. She had always imagined
that it would come on her wedding night, with a man. Yet here she was desperate
to cum in front of two strangers if only that would give her control of her body
back.

Suddenly they stopped. She heard their chairs scrape back as they stood.

'How remiss of me. I have another guest that I should attend to.' He spoke in
English for Allison's benefit rather than his wife's. He strode from the room.
Allison continued to push her hips up and down hoping that by sheer willpower
she could achieve the release that she was so desperate for, or at least for the
wife to finish what she had started. Instead the middle aged Egyptian woman
walked around the table so that she was looking down at the English naval
officer's face. She had such a look of contempt that Allison's sexual urge
evaporated instantly.

She stood for what seemed like a long time staring into the beautiful green eyes
of the redhead before she spoke another of her few words in that accursed
language of the infidel.

'Whore!' She screamed at the English girl. Then she spat in Allison's face and
left the room, leaving the despondent English girl hogtied and covered in oil,
salad, spit and her own sexual lubricant sobbing quietly through her ball gag.




Chapter 13

Jessica had been left for a long time. All through Allison's torment she had
remained bound somewhere below the dining room in that odd stone chamber with
its sloping floor and drain. The hard insistent wood that her sex was resting on
was driving her mad. She had tried to shift her weight against it at one point
to try to help the circulation in her cramped muscles but whoever had made this
contraption had been a sadist of the highest order. The wood although free of
splinters was textured so that it rasped against her delicate petals if she
tried to move against it. This had caused her to squeal into her ball gag and
she was just thankful that no one had been there to hear this sound of weakness.

Despite her pain she had found the calm gave her time to think but she had not
been able to keep the dark thoughts at bay. She had looked around as much as the
steel stocks built into the wall that secured her throat and wrists had let her
and she realised a possible use for the room. She had read somewhere that
Muslims ate Halal meat, a process that involved the animal being bled to death
rather than killed with a bolt to the brain. The plain walls, sloped floor and
drain made this an ideal chamber for such a practise. Had she resisted too
strongly? She had thought they had been taken as slaves, as some sort of
statement against their liberal British attitude and she had acted accordingly.
She had tried to exercise her personality as much as the situation allowed
hoping that despite what happened to her she would still remain her, still be a
British officer. Had she simply annoyed them to the point where she was a
nuisance to be disposed of? Was this torment the last statement of the man who
know owned her and was effectively discarding her?

These were dark thoughts, she knew that as long as she was alive there was hope
and so she tried to look at the situation as objectively as the insistent
pressure on her intimate areas and the ache in her limbs would let her. Why had
they redressed her if they were going to kill her? They had put her shirt and
tie back on and not her bra. If they were going to kill her and dump her body so
that it looked like a simple murder they would have put more of her clothes back
on. And didn't that rough black brute say that she was worth a lot of money,
something that was confirmed more than once, surely they had taken her for
profit and wouldn't risk valuable trade.

By the time she heard the door in the outer chamber open she had reassured
herself that she was just about safe for the time being, depending of course on
your definition of safe. Abdul al Rafiq stood framed in the doorway of Jessica's
chamber beaming an enormous smile. His torment of the other English bitch had
gone well and now he was looking forward to seeing this recalcitrant whore
degraded.

'Don't worry, slut of Shaitan, your little friend is quite safe. She served us a
most pleasing meal and showed her very great appetite for my wife and I.' He
stroked Jessica's cheek, ensuring that her long blonde hair was clear off her
face. 'But you I feel can offer other forms of relief.' Jessica quaked at the
leering smile and wondered just what the hell he had done to Allison. Then Abdul
drew his flaccid penis from beneath his robes.

Jessica stared at it in terror. It wasn't the first penis that she had been
shown that day after Josh had rubbed his over her face whilst that beastly Irish
doctor had been pawing at her but she still wasn't used to the sight. She had
only ever seen two men exposed previously and both those were accidental and
embarrassing to both parties. What was he going to do?

She was effectively closed off because of the bondage that the slave trader was
making no effort to release. The edge of the wooden board rammed between her
thighs protected her virgin sex and even her tightly puckered bottom that the
black man had threatened to violate. She even knew that some men could take
pleasure from a woman's mouth but hers was firmly blocked by the rubber ball
jammed between her teeth and strapped into position about her head. The rubber
ball that meant from time to time she had had to make that revolting slurping
noise as she sucked the saliva back off it so that it didn't drip down onto her
large firm breasts.

Was he going to masturbate in front of her. She had overheard conversations in
the street or on omnibuses where women had allowed men to do this, even help
them to do it so as to avoid full sex. Despite her relative innocence, Jessica
knew about perverts.

Abdul pointed his cock at her, she noted with interest that it was smaller and
less thick than Josh's, quite attractive if it hadn't been attached to such a
horrid man. But what was he going to do to her. The slave trader looked her in
the eyes as he seemed to be concentrating on something. Jessica was disgusted as
he broke wind noisily and tried to communicate her contempt with her eyes,
angling her head up as much as possible. The effect of her look was lost
completely.

Abdul al Rafiq released a steady flow of urine that hit Jessica square on the
forehead and sprayed outward as the bulk of it ran down over her firmly closed
eyes, nose, tight shut mouth and dripped heavily from her chin to soak her
breasts. Jessica fought back against her gagging reflex, knowing that if she
vomited she would choke on it as it would be trapped behind the rubber ball. All
she could do was close her eyes as tight as she could and try not to breathe,
even as the pungent stench seemed to scorch her nostrils. Some of the flow even
managed to make it past the edges of her lips and into her mouth such that she
could just about taste it. Now the effort not to spew was making her dizzy. She
had a man's piss in her mouth!

The stream lasted for what seemed an eternity. It was flowing all the way down
her body now. The liquid being at body temperature was felt by touch more than
heat. It was a feeling that tickled even as it disgusted. It soaked the bar that
her sex rested on, clammy and disgusting as the sensitive skin between her legs
was soaked and became doubly uncomfortable. It ran down her body to run down the
gradient of the stone floor to the drain and still it came. Her hair was soaked
around her face so that it matted and stuck, its natural blondeness darkened
slightly. It had soaked her tie so that it clung wet and uncomfortable between
her breasts, it had soaked the collar of her uniform blouse so that the extra
weight constricted around her throat.

He had thoroughly drenched the arrogant English bitch in urine. As the flow
stopped Jessica curiously opened her eyes only to realise to late as they began
to sting with the effect of the urine. Fortunately it was at the moment that she
started to cry in earnest for the first time. She almost wished that he had
raped her, or had let that vicious African brute bugger her than this. She was a
British officer, her father had a country estate and a fashionable London
address, she was welcome at the smartest clubs and parties in the capital and
yet this man, nothing but a cheap Arab whoremonger was using her as a toilet.

As she hung her head and wept she barely noticed him dry the last drips from his
penis on the dry tail of her uniform blouse. She couldn't think of anyway that
she could feel more violated. Abdul al Rafiq put himself away and spat at the
English girl, the wad of spittle landing on her cheek and slowly rolling down
her face, tracing the wet slightly yellowed route of the urine.

'Don't forget you are my bitch now. I own you and can do with you whatever I
want. You can try and keep your mind but your body is mine and you don't even
have a name, except slut.'

Jessica continued  to weep but she didn't have to wait long for her next
customer. The Lord of  the fortress didn't have to issue an order as everyman
wanted to see this tall proud beauty on the receiving end of some poetic
justice.




English Girls at the Auction Block


Chapter 14

They left both the girls alone for a while. Firstly because rushing never helped
to train a slave and secondly so they could watch the two stunned English girls
through the elaborate network of spyholes. Torment was such a sweet thing for
them to enjoy especially for Billy and Josh, who would normally be allowed to
fuck the captives but were in turn frustrated by the girls' virginity.

So Allison was struggling in  her bondage on the dining table, every sexual urge
burning desperately for release. Jessica on the other hand burned with
humiliation and the pain from her knees and the wooden bar that her crotch
rested on. They didn't leave the two English girls for long but for the young
officers it seemed like days.

They were removed from the scenes of their respective humiliations and dragged
in simple bondage to what appeared to be a bath room. They stripped Jessica's
urine soaked uniform blouse and tie off of her body before showering the pair of
them down with warm water to removed the outward filth. They were then tied to
cross frames whilst the Arab Harem girls got to work with oils and styli to
alternately soak and then scrape the skin. If the two naked girls hadn't been so
weary and nervous they would have appreciated how effective this ancient
cleaning regime was and how good it made their skin feel. After another hot
shower Billy and Josh took their charges back to their cells. With their hands
cuffed before them they were allowed to eat fruit and drink as much water as
they needed.

Both the girls ate and drank greedily, not only driven by the privations they
had suffered but by their ignorance of when they would next be granted such
luxury. So greedily, in fact, that Josh actually instructed Allison to slow down
or she would suffer dreadfully from cramps. Finally both of the girls were
allowed to sleep, still naked and bound upon hard wooden pallets that served as
mattress and pillow in one. Strangely they were given pale grey silk sheets to
sleep under to protect them from the chill in the room but in such a way as to
show their delectable bodies still.

Jessica determined to stay awake so that she could have time to appraise their
situation after her guardian had left but it seemed that the food had been
drugged or she was more worn out than she thought because she dropped
immediately into a deep dreamless sleep. Allison took slightly longer getting to
sleep, the chill of the dungeon air added to her over indulgence at the dinner
table meant that she was desperate to relieve herself. Eventually she succumbed
and padded over the hard cold stone floor to the small drain hole where she
squatted down and pissed for what seemed an hour as she tried to finish before
anyone had the chance to see her. Unknown to the poor young English woman she
was under constant surveillance via a series of spy holes in her cell wall.
Feeling more comfortable in herself Allison dropped into the dark veil of the
drugged sleep.

Allison was still half asleep when she started to feel the wonderful sensation.
Being a stranger to sex it took her a moment to work out what it was. Something
hard but gentle was stroking back and forth between her legs. Forwards and
backwards it went, feather light but insistent, like the teasing she had
received at the dinner table but this time it was directed at her, not against
her. She let out a discrete groan as what she assumed to be a thumb started
circling the front of her sex, inexpertly but effectively massaging her
clitoris. She began to lift her hips up off the pallet in time to the rubbing.
Her breathing ragged and deep. God she knew she was getting damp again and she
hadn't even opened her eyes to see who was doing it to her.

'You are such a fucking honky slut.' Spat Josh as her rubbed his fingers now
soaked in Allison's moisture across her lips and under her nose so that she
could smell herself and taste herself.

Now suddenly awake she would have gagged but had been dragged upright by the
hair so violently that she had no time to react to one torment before the second
over whelmed her.

Jessica awoke in the warmer light of morning but kept her eyes tight shut. She
didn't want to know if yesterday's privations had been a nightmare or not and so
it was best to just keep her eyes closed to shut out the nastiness. She wasn't
going to be so lucky. As of the previous day, Billy dragged her up from her bed
by the hair and marched her down the corridor. She was completely disorientated,
barely awake, the light stinging her eyes and the smell of the African man's
sweat stinging her nostrils and making her almost retch in disgust.

Billy and Josh had drunk heavily the night before to drown their disappointment
at not being allowed to rape such prime white bitches and they were both paying
with horrific hangovers. All Billy managed to say to his charge that morning was
a repeat of the promise that she would beg him to rape her bottom just to stop
the treatment that she was going to receive. It was almost a relief for both of
them when he threw Jessica onto her knees in the presentation chamber and stood
back to hold her by her leash.

Jessica realised that she was beside Allison and that they had been interfered
with whilst asleep. They had been partially dressed. Both girls had been put to
bed naked with their wrists cuffed before them. Jessica could tell that, even
though her long blonde slightly wavy hair still hung down loosely, her khaki
peaked cap had been put on her head and fastened in position with hair grips. A
quick glance revealed Allison's red hair supporting her black tricorn hat with
the intricate wire badge. Jessica glanced down to check, she was wearing her
uniform tie but no blouse, so the brown neckwear acted like a second collar
beneath the steel slave collar and hung down between her breasts. Her jacket had
been restored to her but not fastened so that after her arms had been place in
harsh bondage behind her back, elbows and wrists tied tight together pulling her
shoulders back, he large breasts were sticking out. In fact the way that the
heavy serge jacket hung from her shoulders and was tucked against her bosom
served to accentuate it quite marvellously.

Allison was bound much the same way but her jacket had been tucked up behind her
so that her smaller breasts were displayed like Jessica's. Both women had also
been redressed in their stockings, held up with elasticated garters rather than
suspenders, and what looked like slightly more feminised versions of their
shoes. If Billy and Josh could have got away with it they would have ravished
the two white beauties there and then.

Both the girls were on their knees but held up by the leashes attached to their
collars. This was how Abdul, their chief tormentor found them as he strode into
the room. He was dressed in riding gear, heavy boots, breeches and a pyjama like
top. Worrying as ever for the girls was the fact that he was carrying a riding
crop.

'Good morning crusader sluts. I hope that after a night's reflection you have
decided to be better behaved to day.' He stood massively bearing down on the two
British officers. 'I do not wish to treat you harshly. Well maybe a little.'

With little more than a flick of the wrist the leather tip of the riding crop
landed a stinging blow on each of the girl's left breast. Allison squealed with
the pain, Jessica managed a more controlled hiss of breath between gritted
teeth.

'Tonight you are to do me a great service as I am short of some furniture for a
little party that I am throwing.' He grinned down at the two captive white
girls, who barely understood what her was talking about. 'But first though I
have a treat for you. Even though I wish to sell you intact doesn't mean that
you can't at least learn what a man tastes like.' He motioned to the two black
captors. 'The Russian pig slut is waiting, make sure that these English whores
get what is their due.'




Chapter 15

Having received their orders, the two African gaolers dragged the two British
officers away to a different chamber. They deliberately took them the long way
around the palace fortress. They wrapped the white women's leashes tightly
around their fists and then walked with their powerfully muscled arms straight.
This in turn forced the women to walk bent double at the waist. Jessica's
ponderous un-contained breasts swinging pendulously from side to side, whilst
the weight of Allison's smaller bosom dragged her tits down to small points.

Joshua and Billy loved white women's breasts. It may not have been that they
like them to look at but they just loved the way the women hated to have them
exposed, mauled, fucked and whipped. The second reason for marching the women
around in such an indecorous posture was the way that they were dressed and
bound. With their arms bound painfully behind them they were forced by their
position to stick their firm, white backsides out. Backsides that were exposed
and unprotected, there was after all nothing covering the girls from the bottom
of their jackets to the stocking tops rolled around the garters.

Every servant girl in the palace had found an excuse to be on the route that the
two white girls were taking. Every servant girl in the palace had got hold of a
fly whip for when the English girls passed. The corridors of the palace fortress
reverberated with the swoosh of the leather thongs slapping across firm toned
buttocks and the squeals of protest from the two arrogant bitches as they were
dragged from one humiliation to the next. It was no where near as painful as the
beating that they had received the previous day but the punishments always
seemed designed to be hidden from Jessica and Allison's gaze. They knew what was
coming and they were over prepared for it, therefore every single blow made them
shudder and squeal.

Eventually they were stopped in a chamber and allowed upright. Even though their
hands were behind them they couldn't reach down to rub their sore bottoms. The
room was devoid of any furniture but hung with heavy dark fabrics. Electric
light glared from the ceiling driving out all shadows. The only current occupant
of the room was the Russian girl. This time she was naked except for the high
heeled thong sandals. Her hair had been drawn back into a tight ponytail and she
gulped nervously and fiddled with the thick steel slave collar.

'Okay Ginger bitch, I reckon's you the whore out of you two. That frigid bitch
wouldn't know a fuck if she found it coming out her ass.' Both girls were
revolted by the language that Josh used but fed and rested they stared
resolutely ahead, determined not to show any emotion. Josh leaned in close to
Allison, so close that his head pressed against the brim of her uniform cap. She
tried to pull away but all that served to do was drive the heavy steel band
around her throat painfully into the flesh. 'So what you want, slut, heads or
tails?'

It seemed such a completely innocent question that Allison was taken aback. She
knew that she was being asked to play some sort of game of chance but it
couldn't be all that bad. Jessica had learnt the signs of when Billy was amused.
And he was amused now. She knew it was some sort of trap, that there was no
choice at all.

'Tails.' Guessed Allison.

'Damn, I knew you was a whore.' Josh crowed in triumph as the girls were forced
to their knees and Billy handed Jessica's leash to him.

Billy walked over to the Russian girl, Josh settled in to watch the show and
make sure that the two white sluts were watching too. Billy towered over the
skinny Russian girl. Her skin was such a pure white it was a wonder she had ever
been out in direct sunlight. Billy placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed
her down onto her knees. For a few seconds she just stared at the bulge in the
jeans of the strong black man barely inches from her face. Then she sighed,
resigned to her fate, and began to unbutton the fly buttons in front of her.

She had a small amount of trouble getting his semi erect cock out. The firmness
had forced it down one trouser leg and it became more rigid as it was handled.
She didn't want to hurt him by pulling too hard so she was ineffectually tugging
at the black bar inside his trousers.

'Fucking get on with it you silly bitch.' Spat Billy slapping her hard across
the face and then pulling out his own penis. Jessica had seen it before and
still didn't believe any normal woman could take something that size inside her.
Allison felt her head spin and didn't know whether to throw up or faint. She had
never seen a man's member before and this was her introduction to the male
organ. It was terrifying. She knew where it was meant to go but surely that
would rip her in half. Neither girl was particularly keen to watch this
spectacle but Josh, holding their leashes and obviously excited himself, was not
going to let them turn away.

Natalia, for that was her name before she was pig slut bitch, started doing what
she had been trained to do. She wrapped both her hands around the shaft about
half way up. She had to use both hands as she could barely close her fingers
around it. Then she started massaging up and down, at the same time she murmured
endearments to the top of the cock and from time to time kissed it. She
performed this mechanical routine for a minute or so. She then put the very tip
inside her mouth and sucked as she rubbed.

To do this she was straining upwards , having to reach to get her mouth around
the cock head. The two British women were feeling that strange mixture of
emotions again. Whilst curious and somewhat titillated to be learning something
about sex at the same time they were disgusted, they were revolted and having to
look at something so dirty and scared that before long it may be happening to
them.

They were also becoming aware of the impatience of Billy and Josh. None of the
girls had enough experience to know that Natalia's routine performance was
anything but arousing. It was the sight of the naked white girl's body and the
anticipation of what he was to do to her, that had given Billy such a raging
erection. Now, to the Russian girl's horror she realised that rather than
getting harder his cock was softening. It was at this point that Billy decided
to take matters into his own hands.

The strong African reached down and grabbed the Russian girl by the head. He
would have grabbed her by the hair but the way that it was arranged meant that
he actually painfully grabbed her ears. Lifting the girl's head he began to move
her head back and forth. Each time he pulled her further forward. He was ramming
her onto his now rigid penis, impaling her face, each time deeper. She was
dizzy, she was having trouble breathing and it took so much concentration to
avoid gagging, especially as the monstrous black cock was bumping hard into the
back of her throat.

She whimpered behind the member in her mouth. Her breath hard through her nose
as she tried to synchronise with the violent jerks of her head. Billy had
stopped staring down and the subservient girl. He was staring at Jessica. He was
staring her down, letting the stuck up bitch know that he wanted to do that to
her. Jessica dropped her eyes, terrified at the intensity of his lust, but
couldn't help but look back at him. His eyes were narrowed in hate, he wanted to
fuck her until she cried, make her crawl to his cock. Allison tried to turn her
head away but Josh forced her to look back.

Billy completely forgot about Natalia and was moving his hips in opposition to
the movements of the girls head. He was now literally fucking her mouth. He'd
gritted his teeth and was moving the Russian girl about like a rag doll. She was
having difficulty remaining conscious as with each thrust he was actually
impaling her throat. He started chanting 'yeah, fuck!' with each thrust. He even
stopped staring at Jessica feeling his own orgasm building in the girl's throat
he had closed his eyes, his head lolling back. He was sweating so hard he was
sheaned with it. It dripped down onto Natalia's head ran down into her eyes, but
she no longer cared, she was no longer an active participant. It was then that
he let out a strangulated gasp and held her head firmly so that just the end of
his penis was inside the delicate lips of the Russian girl.

She was struggling not to swallow as a flood of semen was shot in her mouth. She
even tried to use her tongue to block the wads of sperm from going straight down
her throat. Jessica was stunned as her hair was yanked down her back tipping her
head back and forcing her mouth open. At the same time Allison saw Billy almost
lift the naked Russian girl by the ears and drag her over to Jessica. The girl
was still on her knees and protested feebly trying to hold the Black man's
ejaculate in her face. Billy lifted her so she was looking straight down into
the blonde English girl's face, about 6 inches away.

'Okay bitch, spit! Spill any and I'll fucking beat you. Spit!' The Russian girl
balled up the sticky mess in her mouth and spat it into the British officer's
mouth. 'More slut!' She'd spat the cum out so she spat a wad of saliva into the
other girls mouth. The Russian girl was literally thrown aside as Josh pinched
Jessica's nose.

'You swallow it bitch! You swallow it and if you throw up I'm gonna kick your
face off.' Jessica thought that was a lie but her head was swimming. She
swallowed, disgusted with herself but not wanting anything to happen to Allison.
Her head swam for the seconds it took to swallow the disgusting mess down and
keep it down. Billy and Josh were laughing as the face rapist wiped his cock,
wet with saliva over Jessica's face and hair.

'I bet you're wondering what tails involves aren't you whore.'




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Uniform Vicky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





