BDSM Library - The Factory




The Factory
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Characters from 'Modern Dairy' start a business with a new business plan
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ...
ETC then go on to the next posting.

              You have been warned!!!


This is a continuation of my story A Modern Dairy but here there is a different
business model. What do you think??



                     The Factory # 1
                        by Paladin

                      The First Pickup

Betty sat in the only booth, in her neighborhood gin mill, nursing her little
rug rat. Her huge tits, the source of her worth, were just getting bigger with
use and the nursing was giving her pleasure. The poor infant innocently sucking
up her gin soaked milk, was just another source of pleasure to Betty. 

&lt;Should have had two of um.&gt; She was thinking through the mild gin induced buzz.

In future, who knows, she might just sell the little bugger to some rich couple,
and then have all the money she would ever needed .. till next time, but, of
course, then she could just get pregnant again and have another one.

Little shit usually was soo much bother. Cry ... wet ... shit ... etc .. but
there was other inducements.

She picked this place to nurse the baby because, the attention he drew. Usually
this got her more free drinks than she ever had when she was alone. This new
attention would soon translate into a new source of capitol for her depleting
bank account she felt. Even the older conformed bar flys seemed interested in
the sucking of her mammorys by the innocent baby.

The pickings of bar patrons today were few, and she was just trolling now.

John, the bartender, hated the display she put on, but the law says that as
long as no disturbance was created, and she stayed in a booth, he could do
nothing but serve her. She had her rights. If he raised an objection, his
business might suffered but that was his problem. Why even the normally serious
drinkers were pausing to watch the workings of old mother nature.

(Sure most of them would rather have those straining nipples spouting cold beer
in to their mouths but .....)

Then the door opened suddenly.

A bust of blinding light filled the darkened room, and a tall woman with a sever
look and pulled back blond hair, appeared in silhouette seeming to study the
scene and the patrons.

Satisfied with what she saw, without hesitation the woman walked in, marched to
the end of the bar, and ordered a pink lady. All eyes took in her appearance,
but soon returned to the action in the booth.

While waited for her drink, she glanced around. She seemed to be trying to
adjusting to the bars darkened interior. Finally her gaze stopped on Betty and
the little nursing innocent in her arm.

Maybe her maternal instincts were called to the front, of her mind. As she
casually walked over, drink in hand, to the booth occupied with the nursing
mother and her infant.

"You sure have the equipment for the job there." she observed as she sipped her
drink, motioning toward the large milk filled utters being drained by the tiny
sucking mouth.

"Yea they are beauties, aren't they, and the little sucker sure gives them a
workout. You ever nursed a rug rat?" Betty said, proud of her mammarys. 

"It is kind of thirsty work though, and these losers don't seem to know how to
treat a real mother in here."

"I can guess how thirsty it would be. What can I get you? Something .. non
alcoholic as your are nursing? Right?" The strange woman said.

"I'm nursing, not fucking dying. I'll have a scotch .. neat. And make that prick
John get it out of the uncut bottle he keeps under the bar." Betty ordered. "And
make the fuck get me a clean glass. I'm a lady!"

"You sure you should drink scotch? I thought that would affect the kid
adversely." the stranger interjected.

"Look if you want to buy me a drink do it. If not take a hike. You skinny shape
is blocking my view of the window." Betty retorted.

The new woman, shrugged her shoulders, but walked to the bar, ordered the scotch
neat from the bar, took it back, to the booth, and handed it to Betty.

As soon as she grasped the glass, Betty downed it, all, in one gulp, and slammed
the glass to the table.

"The only bad thing about that stuff is it goes soo fast. Be a dear and get me
another... will you honey..." Betty ordered holding the empty glass up to the
woman.

The woman walked back to the bar with the empty shot glass and ordered another
shot of the good scotch.

The bartender, John pored the pale brown liquid into the glass saying to woman,

"Look you are a woman. You know that shit over there ain't right. Do that kid
and me a favor, get her the hell out of here. I'll give you the damn bottle, if
you get her out of here. She and the kid are bad for my business. Ain't good for
the kid either or so I hear."

The woman smiled, then taking the half full bottle walked slowly back
to the booth,

"I got us a present, here, but the deal is, we go somewhere else to drink it.
Feel like a private party? We got the whole rest of this to share??"

She held up the shimmering gold liquid shaking in the familiar triangular
bottle.

"Well ain't John generous, the prick. Sure this place is a dive anyway, let's go 
over to my place and split it. Seems like the best offer I going to get today.
You ain't a lez are you... I don't go for that kinky shit. Just booze. That is
all I want OK .." Betty said.

"No I like my sex the old fashioned way. You go out the back way and I'll bring
my van around there and we can go to your place." the woman told Betty.

Betty wanted to carry the bottle and the kid but the newcomer without saying a
word took the bottle and left. When Betty got to the back door carrying her son,
she saw a sleek silver van with the side door open and the woman standing there
beside it with the bottle.

"Put the baby inside on the back floor. I don't have a car seat. That'll be
safer for the kid till we get to your place. You said it is just around the
corner. Didn't you?"

Without a thought Betty set the baby down on the floor and started to straighten
up., when the woman swung the sap to the perfect place behind the right ear.

Betty went out like a light.

The woman caught her dropping the bottle on to the van floor, before the mother
crushed the baby under her dead weight bulk. Then the woman shifted Betty to the
van floor beside the infant.

Quickly she cuffed the unconscious woman hands behind her back and tangled a 
second set of cuffs in the chain separating the hand cuffs and then secured the
unconscious woman's feet and wrists together. Next she retrieved a large red
ball gag and stuffed it  into Betty's unresisting mouth. Now she picking up the
discarded bottle and swigged a long burning slug of the amber liquid.

&lt;Bitch was right. Stuff goes down soo fast.&gt; She thought.

Straightening up she saw that her actions had not been observed. She proceeded
to slam the van door shut. She climbed over the seats and slid behind the wheel.
Taking another belt from the bottle, she then locked it in the vans glove
compartment and started the engine.

&lt;So far soo good,&gt; she thought. &lt;One down and two more to go. This big titted
cow didn't even know what hit her. The rest'll be just as easy.&gt;

The rush of the scotch began to hit her and added to her sense of humor.

&lt;This bitch would never again use those tits too .... draw a man again. Not
after I get through her.&gt;

She reached back and assured that the now soiled baby was rapped in the
newspapers that was the only packing material she could find.

Then she drove carefully to the Franklin home. The baby, obviously accustomed to
his state or worse drifted off into a troubled sleep.

When she arrived at the set back home, Mary ran down the drive to meet her.


"Is he here?? Did you get him??" she asked out of breadth from her jaunt down
the cement. She tried to peer around the half open door to catch her first
glimpse of the now squirming, crying infant that would be her new son.

Betty, now continuos, tried to make her displeasure known, but with the removal
of the infant, interest was now totally on the crying infant. Chained as she was
Betty could only gurgle and roll around on the van floor. This too ceased as the
door slammed shut and the darkness again engulfed her.

&lt;She would.... Where the hell was she and who was this bitch. She would make her
pay for this... She would...&gt; Betty fumed behind the ball gag.

"I'm sorry Mary, he is all dirty. I didn't have the time to clean him up. I hope
you will forgive me." the woman began.

"Forgive you ... Forgive you ... I owe you more than I can ever repay ... Is he
all right? He seems a little glassy eyed. Should I take him to the doctor?" Mary
inquired as she took up the little bundle of joy, wiped his face, and in general
started, all mothers chore of cleaning him up on her journey to introduce him to
his new home surroundings.

"He may be drunk. The bitch I acquired him from was drinking, as she nursed him
at the same time in a bar. She made me soo angry. I could not stand to see him
with her for ANOTHER MINUTE!" she commented. "Now you have told Jim that I got
him from the agency that I knew, of didn't you?"

"Of course I did, and he was soo happy, he did not even ask the name of the
agency. I got those papers you told me about, and they appear to be all legal
and proper. I do not think anyone, but that bitch will be any the wiser." Mary 
answered her preoccupied with the squirming new life in her arms.

"Well she isn't going to be a problem any more. Want to come over and play with
the bitch some day..." she asked her friend.

"Sometime, but right now. I have a baby, and you know how demanding they are,"
then seeing her dejected look Mary quickly added, "but yes some time when Jim
wants to spend some male bonding time with him. I'll come over and help you. I
promise. We owe you!"

"Make it soon. I'm sure, she would like to meet you and the longer you stay away
the less she will remember about who he is. What are you going to call him?" she
asked.

"Robert" Mary answered, snuggling him to her breast. "I'll bet he is hungry. Do
you want to stay for dinner?"

"No. I got you know, 'Who', in the van to take care of and put away. If you
could just give me the check, I'll be on my way." she explained.

"Of Course. I have it right here and it is worth every penny. I'm soo happy...
Thank you, Thank you soo much.. See you soon.." Mary said as she rushed up the
drive to the Franklin home with her new son in her arms.

The woman slid behind the wheel of the van.

She reached over and put the check into the glove compartment and noticed the
bottle. She took another big swig and heard.

"AHAAAA AHAAAA" from the back of the van.

She smiled and started the motor. She adjusted the mirror and looked into the
glaring eyes of the trust up Betty.

"AW!... I promised we would split the bottle and party. Well I decided that
alcohol is bad for your, in your condition. Lactating women should not drink at
all, and as I'll be needing your milk for a long time to come, you can forget
scotch, ever again. In fact you can forget all alcoholic beverages at all. I
want all that tit juice, to be pure, plentiful, and wholesome for all the little
kiddies you are going to be feeding." She explained to her mirror.

"AHAAAHH  AHHAAASEHH" Betty argued trying to show her displeasure at her current
predicament.

"OH now don't worry, though we'll have a party I promised you, when I get you
home. You are going to be fixed up soo good ... You won't believe how good ..."
she commented as she drove out of the city.

Through the long trip, Betty rolled around on the van floor. Now her breasts
were spiriting their spoiled milk all over the floor and her dress. She cursed
and shouted and argued as best she could but the cloth stuffed into her mouth,
caused it all to come out all but unintelligible.

After quite a time, the van slowed, and turned off the paved road onto a rough
gravel trail and then stopped.

The driver got out, without a word to her trussed up passenger, and opened the
garage door to the large suburban home. Her big mutt, Barney, barked and made a
big scene of her home coming as he all ways did.

She walked inside and opened the trap door in the cement floor. As she decended
the stairs, she reached up and snapped on the lights. She went down the stairs,
to insure that the things were ready for her new charge.

Inside the inner room, there were a number of "X" frames mounted vertical,
standing there ready. These were to be used for securing her new charges. The
securing chains were there ready to insure they would hold the present and
future charges so that they would present no problems to her.

Then satisfied all was ready she said,

"OK! Lets get the show on the road."

To no one in particular, as she ascended the stairs, and opened the sliding van
door. She grabbed Betty's now stringy damp head, and dragged her all the way out
of the van. Rather than try to stand Betty up she let her fall unhindered, onto
the gravel drive way.

Betty, with her hands and feet, joined, could not protect her self from the fall
to the ground. She landed, tits first into the gravel. Now the woman loomed over
Betty's hurting carcass and with a pair of tin snips began to denude the
objecting hurting woman of her dirty milk stained clothes.

She did not pay any attention to her twisting charge. In no time at all she had
cut or shredded all Betty's clothing. Again grabbing the sweat soaked hair, in
both her hands, she lifted, the squirming woman up to her knees and asked,

"Now you are going into the garage and down stairs. We can do this the easy way
... that is, you walk there, under your own power, or I drag you across the
ground and gravel on your tits to that opening and drop you down the hole."

Betty waited for a another choice. Their was none. So when Betty started to
object when the woman resumed her grip on the hair and started to drag.

"AHUUUAUHAUUA" Betty objected as her tits were abraded.

"OH !You wanna walk?" She asked.

Betty reluctantly agreed.

Dragging across the ground on her tits was not good.

She released Betty's legs, allowed her to stand, and then forced her to walk to
the garage. She gripped the sweat soaked ear and started down the stairs to bomb
shelter floor. There she secured her captive to the first of the "X" frames,
facing the sturdy wooden members. Next she used a chain to secure Betty's neck
to the top of the frame.

Now she fed the lactating woman's tits through two holes in the frame. She
positioned the tits into a specially designed pair of cups. Where she could
captured the milk and stored it in an refrigerator right there in the basement.

Now she removed the spit soaked gag and began fitting a bag over Betty's head.

Betty objected and tried to shake the think off.

"You let me go you bitch. You got no right to .. "

"This is the feed bag bitch. You are going to eat .. good wholesome grains and
dried fruit and what ever else I put in front of you. You got that?" She
ordered.

"You can not make me ... Now let me go and I ... " Betty started but the sight
of the flame of a cigarette lighter just beyond her nose stopped her in mid
sentence.

"Bitch from now on, you are my SOW! You will eat .. when I say eat. If I hear
one more word about it now, we will see how well you eat .. with a blackened
nose. Want to argue or eat?"

Betty thought better of it and started to eat. Afterwards she meekly accepted a 
gag upon the completion of her filling healthful 'meal'.




                      The 2nd Pickup

Leslie a very tall and obviously very pregnant woman, was on the down elevator
after her monthly visit to her doctors office.

There she had been reassured that the pregnancy was going according to the plan.

Her normal 44D bust would soon be filled with rich milk soon. She had a warm
feeling just thinking about it. Her female lover on one nipple, and the innocent
baby on the other one.

"UMMMMMM" Leslie grunted after she received a sharp nudge in her left tit from
the elbow of a tall thin women standing in front of her in the cramped confines
of the full down elevator.

"OH I am sorry. I did not mean to. OH MY GOD!! You are pregnant!! Let me help
you. We will take you to a doctor."

The tall woman began expressing real concern for the wounded tit barely nudged
by her elbow ..

Having just been through the long dull wait in the doctor's office, Leslie
demanded,

"NO! OH GOD NO! I just got away from that butcher. Let me get out of here. If I
can just sit down, for a minute, I'll be fine. I think .. I don't think ..
anything is damaged. Just help me to sit down!" 

Leslie was really sick of sitting in doctors offices. The cold humiliating paper
shifts .. her feet stuck up there in the stirrups .. then that leering male
goon, starring up her cunt. No she wanted OUT!!

No she just wanted to go home, and forget it.

Although, maybe, she could get this rich bitch to give her cab fair ... Or maybe
something more .. something of a more personal nature.

"I'd get a cab home, and lay down and rest, if I had the money .. then I know I
would be fine."

Leslie stated emphatically, with just that touch of dejection in her voice and
that stare of desperation in her eyes. She would get something from this
obviously rich bitch.

"The bus will .... along some ti .. "

"OH! You poor thing! At least let me drive you home. I feel responsible. If
anything happened I would never for give myself. You come with me. My van is
parked in the basement. Please let me help you." the woman said. "I feel soo .."

&lt;Got her,&gt; Leslie thought not paying further attention to the woman's further
babbling. &lt;Now what else will I take her for. That's a nice dress, she has, 
worth at least a hundred or so. I wonder? Can I get her  to .. and after a
little lickie lickie. It's the swelling belly. Gets to normal caring bitches
everyone of um. I wish I could stay this way forever. Ron (the sucker) is paying
off nicely, so I don't tell his wife, and now there is this bitch ... What a
good day this is getting to be. &gt;

"Well OK. I live on 96th street. If it is not too far out of your way. It would
be ever soo helpful if you take me there." Leslie acquiesced again with that 
humbleness in the voice and the blank stare she had perfected in dealing with
the have's of this world.

The elevator emptied out almost totally at the 1st floor lobby and, then with
only the two women, it descended to subbasement garage. Finally the door opened
onto the mostly deserted parking spaces.

The two women walked slowly to the waiting sleek shiny van.

&lt;Not bad. New! With leather upholstery .. This bitch has money! I'll have her
licking my ass and giving me money soon. My lucky day.&gt; Leslie thought when she
saw the woman's vehicle.

Stepping aside the woman opened the sliding side door, and helped an obviously
pleased Leslie, slide into the plush spacious back seat. After assuring herself
that Leslie was comfortable, the woman slid the door to a solid snap, assuring 
that all was safe and secure in the sleek steel enclosure.

"Now you just sit back there, and relax, while I get us to 96th street, in no
time. What number was it again?" the kind woman, asked as she fitted her keys
into the steering column. A twist of her right wrist and the van's engine came
to life. In moments she whisked them out of the parking space.

"2734 apartment 23B." Leslie answered as she settled into the plush comfortable
back seat.

&lt;This is how Tina should treat me. Maybe I'll make this clumsy bitch 'help' me
upstairs, and lick my cunt right before Tina's eyes. Bet she will be such a good
licker with a little encouragement. The preggie pussy seems to turn on all these
old barren bitches. Yea. If she balks .. then I'll hint at a lawyer, and see
what else I can get from her.&gt;

"$5.50 mam." the parking lot attendant demanded at the exit of the building's
underground parking enclosure.

It didn't even occure to Leslie that she was all but hidden from view, by the
captains chairs in the front of the van. The set back position of the rear bench
seat obscured the attendant vision and he did not even notice her at all.

The woman looked through her purse, and passed over the required amount to the
clerks eager hand. Smiling at him the woman got her receipt, (Tax deductible.
You know.) and drove out into the afternoon traffic.

She immediately started up, onto the on freeway ramp.

A startled Leslie peering out the front window and exclaimed,

"Wait a minute. This is the way out of town, you dumb bitch, not 96tstreet. Turn
this thing around ... Now!!! I have people waiting! I going to sue your ass off
if you try anything with me."

&lt;What a ninny! She probably forgot I was here. Well she sure is going to rememb
.... &gt;

The smiling woman, pushed a button under the dash, and a mesh gate slid in
place, and sealed off the back seat from the driver's compartment. It also
locked all the doors. The woman also turned up the radio, to drown out the
screams and now pleading of her captive now agitated in her rear. From then on
she did not even acknowledge their was a presence, in the back of the van, as
she drove surely, through the light afternoon traffic to the farm house.

In her metal enclosure Leslie was as secure as in a jail cell. No amount
of screaming of banging would attracted the attention of other drivers sharing
the traffic lanes. As this was the out bond direction, no tool stop would be
required.

As it was early, the traffic allowed the woman, a reasonably good homeward
commute to her rural hide away. She was proceeding right on schedule. Her 
captive was by now begging and pleading for release, but the volume control on
the stereo was louder and more persistent. Leslie finally gave up, and slunk
back into the seat and shielded her ears from the din of the music, the woman
was playing in the forward part of the vehicle.

&lt;Now just one more to collect.&gt; the woman thought as she neared her lair, &lt;And
this one's personal and doesn't have to be handled delicately like these two.&gt;

When she arrived in front of her farm house, she drove to center of the empty
yard, and parked in a place guaranteeing maximum sun exposure. She rolled down
the drivers windows about two inches, turned off the air conditioning, and
exited the vehicle being careful to lock all the doors.

Without a backward glance the woman went into the isolated house and got herself
a cold ice tea from the refrigerator. She glanced at her watch and noted the
time.

&lt;Half an hour should be about right. Then I'll go out and collect her, if
she is willing. If not well I have the rest of the day before I have to be
some ware. Sun feels real nice out here, if you have some shade ... and
something cold to drink&gt; The woman thought as she sauntered out of the house
into the yard and the now baking van.

She approached the drivers side door and felt radiating of heat off the sides of
the van. She  smiled and called through the partially open window,

"How is it in there bitch. You about done? Or should I leave you in there to
baste, for an hour, or two more?"

"You let me out of here you bitch." A very subdued Leslie answered back, "When I 
get out of here I'll have my lawyer ... "

The woman didn't even bother answering. She shrugged, and went over to a point
where a shaded bench was visible from the front window of the van. She sat in
the shade and enjoyed her ice tea. She was aware of Leslie's eyes trying to
catch her attention and her longing for relief from the roasting heat inside the
van interior.

Leslie was indeed roasting. Sweat was flowing off her body like salty rain.

&lt;If she thinks I'm going to .... Oh god! Look at her, out there! She's all nice
and cool ....  While I'm dying in here. If only I could get something cool to
drink.&gt; Leslie thought.

"Please, please I'll do anything... I'll...." Leslie began to beg.

After finishing her tea the woman walked over beside the van and called out,

"Hush up you big cow .. Listen to me .. and you better listen good. Strip off
all those clothes you have on .. and be quick about it! Then push them out
through the slot. And I mean EVERYTHING! Now! And you better hurry up. Or I will
just go back inside for another hour of so ... No back talk. Just do it and be
quick about it." the woman demanded with the empty glass in her hand. "It's hot
out here .."

Leslie was infuriated, but she was trapped and the heat was unbearable ...

&lt;She had no choice ... What did this bitch want??&gt; She wondered as Leslie began
taking off her dress. When it finally slid off her wet back, she shoved it out
through the small slot.

"I've done what you wanted. Now please let me out!!" She demanded.

"Look you dumb sow! I said want that hide of yours naked .. like the day you
were born, and I mean all of it. Now! Or I going back inside and get another
cold drink. Sure is thirsty work. When I come back ... in an hour or so...Maybe
you will have basted enough to be more responsive." the woman called out.

"NO ! NO ! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME .. HERE I'M DOING IT! SEE THERE IS MY BRA ...
AND THE PANTIES .... NOW!! PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME!!!" Leslie pleaded. "PLEASE LET
ME OUT OF HERE!"

"The shoes and stockings too bitch and be quick about it..... OK now get down on
all fours, like the pig you are. Now bend down! Head and shoulders on the floor
and put your hands behind your back. Now stay that way till I tell you 
different. I have a taser with me so don't even think about fucking with me or
.... " the woman called out from outside the van.

"You fuck with me and I'll fry your pussy to kingdom come. You want a taste or
you going to be a good little sow?"

Leslie, weakened by the heat, with her massive sweating mamories covering most
of her face, could only grunt as she struggled to get her naked body into the
required position. She hope the woman let her out if she did as told. The heat
would kill her soon, she knew that for sure.

SlIPPPPPPPP went the sliding door and a mass of cooler air washed over Leslie's
naked, exposed upturned ass. The woman easily snapped a pair of cuffs on 
Leslie's sweating wrists thus imprisoning then behind her back.

From her position beside the naked captive the woman reached down and grabbed
the wet brown hair and dragged a very subdued, naked Leslie, up from the oven,
that was the vans interior, out into the bright sunlight dirt driveway.

Leslie was blinded by the bright sun light, but thankful to be out of the van's
roasting interior. Even being nude in broad day light was at first preferable.
Another tug on her hair started her waddling, doubled over toward the garage of
the house. Through the journey she was directed by her captor's consstant tugs.

"What do you want from me? I didn't do anything to you. You have no right to
.... OWOWOWOW. Stop that it could cause cancer .. " Leslie started to protest as 
the woman acquired a pinch hold on her defenseless left nipple and used that to
direct the naked bent over captive toward the open garage.

Then a slap to her right tit by the woman's riding crop shut her mouth as the
woman commented,

"You will find out when I'm ready to tell you bitch. For now shut, that hole
before I put my foot in it." the woman demanded ... as she lead the way to the
interior of the enclosure.

In side the garage the trap door was open. The woman dragged / lead her
reluctant captive down the steep stairs, to the secrete basement.

Leslie was again blind but this time now by the interior dark. She was easily
placed onto a waiting "X" frame. Her neck was imprisoned by the waiting chain
and then her legs were spread and secured to the supports. A belt snubbed her
waste to the middle of the "X".

"Now bitch, I'm going to release your hands. You are going to reach up and let
me attach the nice chains around your wrists." the woman explained.

"You just try and I'll scratch your eyes out and ... AWWAWAAAA WW ..... OH Stop
.. STOP! that!! You bi ...... AWWAAAWWWAAWW ... " Leslie began only to feel the
repeated cuts of the dog whip on her defenseless fully exposed rich full white
ass flesh.

The woman released her hands from the steel cuffs and ordered,

"Reach way up there NOW SOW!" With the whip raised up in front of Leslie's
regained sight.

With tears in her eyes and her neck secured she knew she had no choice. She did
as she had been directed, and surrender her wrists to her captor.

The woman leisurely walked around the frame, and pulled Leslie's developing tits
through the frame for future attachments. Then the woman stuffed Leslie's mouth
shut before she could protest further.

To the all ready secured Betty, in passing the woman commented, 

"Company for ya!" 

Then she turned on the vacuum pump to relieve the milk build up in the lactating
mammarys.

"Wanna keep these in good working order."

The woman commented rhetorically. Then with the flow slackening, she shut down
the pump and placed the new milk extract inside the refrigerator ... for future
use ..

She looked about to assure all was secure and then walked back up the stairs, to
her garage interior.

She closed the trap door and drove the van over it. No one could open that door, 
from the bomb shelter. No one short of Superman!

Now she went to grab a couple of hours shut eye. The other bitch's flight was
not due in the airport for hours, and so the pick up would come much later.

Rest! She thought as she climbed into the own soft bead with the air
conditioning going full blast ...




                               The 3rd Pickup

Later that night with two secured producers, in her basement, she got into her
van and started to the condo complex where her next acquisition, held title to a
penthouse suite. She knew the woman would be there tonight!

The others were mer chattel for future product. This one was personal! This
bitch had ....

Aw! Forget about it for now.

Concentrate on the job at hand. That's what DADDY all ways said.

Vengeance is a dish best served cold.

She parked at the service entrance to the complex and opened the door with the
copy of the key she had bought from the corrupt security guard.


Stupid people, live in a guarded high rise and hire an excon to guard them ....

She punched the elevator button for the 15th floor, and proceeded unobserved
to the bitches front door with a large empty traveling bag, on the hand truck in
toe .. She appeared to be just another stewardess, on her way home from a late
flight, a common enough sight in this complex.

Using a copy of the pass key she had gotten for this pick up, she let her self
into the living room silently. There she left the bag and hand truck.

Silently she stole to the bedroom, and took the tools for her attack from her
small shoulder bag.

Their were two forms on the bed.

&lt;Bitch was at it again, and he .. after he swore to me it was over. Bastard!
Well she and he better have enjoyed it as it was their last screw .. ever...
I'll take care of him later .. but maybe I'll leave him a little reminder  after
... Yea a reminder that'll scare the shit out of him.

She went to the right side of the bed and uncovered her pepper spray canister
and checked her tazer. Thus assured, she leaned way over and doused both the
slumbering faces with the acrid spray.

The nice thing with this stuff was the victim was soo overcome with the pepper
that they could not catch their breath. Screaming or cries were impossible ..
for a while!

As she suspected the male reacted first. He sat up choking, rubbing his burning
eyes, and attempted blindly, to feel his way out of bed. While attempting to do
this the covers fell away from his nude form. She easily ducked under his
flaying arms and stuck the tazer on the exposed sticky disgusting ball sack.

Smiling she touched the  trigger and had the satisfaction of watching him wind
up like a coiling spring, trying to protect, those, now oh so aching balls.

He was out of it for the moment.

&lt;Good one down. Now for the bitch!&gt;

She walked around the bed to attend to the gasping female. The hands were
attempting to rub the pepper spray from her eyes and get out of bed at the same
time. Smiling she grabbed the left defenseless nipple and twisted it nearly full
circle.

The choking sputtering form responded as desired. The hands sought to ward
off the new attack to the now aching breast.

This gave the attacker the opportunity to positioned the spray, again, just as
before, the tearing, burning eyes and choking mouth.

Satisfied with the position, she gave the nude choking bitch, another nice long
dose of the burning chemical.

The female, now in desperation, turned, and dove back onto the bed choking and
rolling around. Anything to get away from the burning, stinging stuff.

Satisfied with the state of her preparations, she turned and went out into the
living room. She retrieved the large bag and dolly, and brought it into the
bedroom, and opened it up on the floor in front of the bed. Then she grabbed the
blinded, sobbing bitch by her hair, and with a mighty heave forced her head
first half into the bag. Then when the female form attempted to fight back, she
retrieved the tazer from the night table.

"OK bitch let's see how you like this." she commented and she zapped the
struggling female form directly in between the spread open legs. After a
fountain of yellow fluid unconsciousness resulted.

This opposition dealt with, she unceremoniously started stuffing the vanquished
female all the way into the bag. The arms and legs had to be twisted like 
pretzels, but she didn't care.

When she had the unconscious bitch safely screwed into the bag, she zipped up
the heavy nylon fabric sides quickly, before the tangle mass of naked female
could try to unwind itself, and then she secured the heavy external straps which
covered the large bag to itself with a pad lock.

&lt;That'll hold you till I want you, bitch.&gt; she thought.

With one down she turned her attention with disgust to the aching male putz
still coiled around his balls.

He was still out of it. She glanced at her watch.

&lt;Plenty of time .. I'll just fuck with his little mind.&gt; she thought.

She went out to the dining room table. There was the bitches type writer. She
found a sheet of paper and pecked out a short note.

Smiling she then went back to her small bag. She fumbled in it till she found
the small metal item and a small plastic tube.

&lt;You going to love this fucker. Teach you to fuck around on me.&gt;

She picked up the note folding it neatly and returned to the hurting male putz.

The male was coiled into an almost fetal position, desperately trying to 
covering his aching manhood. She disengaged the male hands and straightened him
Out as much as she could. Lulled into a false sense of security, thinking 
someone had come to his aid, he let himself be straightened out. His hands went
to his face and started to rub his eyes again.

"Wha... wa..." He began as she sprayed him again. He began to choke. He ceased
rubbing his eyes again and tried to reach out to the source of the irritant.

Disgusted at his feeble efforts, she put down the spray, folded the note as she
wanted and using the safety pin from her purse stabbed and scurried the paper.
Then carefully she position it before the reaction. She stabbed the pin through
the back skin of the defenseless ball sack of the now again coiling male. She
quickly withdrew from the thrashing choking body. She retrieved the tube from
the table.

When she returned to the unconscious male the thrashings had subsided. She
lowered the tube and super glued the safety pin shut. Imbedded it to his family
jewels for a long, long time.

&lt;Yea he's gonna remember this and this bitch, for a long time .. Wonder what he
excuse he claims when he comes buzzing around me again? Probably get really
infected... Poor baby&gt;

&lt;Then the bastard will get this message big time. For now even when he gets the
paper off he'll have a time of it. Wonder who he'll go to, to get the thing out
.. Yea he'll get it off, but it will take the shitty worm a long time. And all
the while he'll be thinking of the little message.&gt;

Observing her handy work ..... She felt ... He seemed too comfortable there, all 
curled into a ball on the bitches bed.

So she pushed the unconscious lump over and off the bed.

He landed with a thud onto the thick bedroom carpet but offered no response.

&lt;Good you bastard. I hope you broke something. Suffer .. and when I get you back
on the farm ... &gt;

Satisfied with her new brood mare's position and his position on the bitche's
floor, nude, with a note pinned to his balls, she turned on her heels and went
out to the living room trailing the bag carrier with her captive safely tucked
inside.

Silently she opened the door, and went out like a good little stew on her way to
a new work day. She trudged wearily down the hall. Waited for the elevator and
took her burden to her waiting van.

She lowered the migshift ramp and dragged the dolly up into the van. She got out
and closed the door. Wearily she slid behind the drivers seat and started for
home. She had her own personal victim and she had delivered personally the
message to that two timing son of a bitch, Dave.

She looked at her watch. &lt;Plenty of time to get there before the morning rush
hour traffic. God how I need a cup of coffee.&gt; She decided.

At the all night donut shop, she met a cop coming out. She smiled sweetly but
didn't strike up a conversation.

&lt;God that coffee was good .... &gt;

*****************************************

Later on in the morning, Dave awoke to find himself naked on the floor with his
burning eyes and aching balls. They were swelled up to twice their normal size.
He had to hand carry them to the bathroom, when he could get up, to prevent
their painful motion from tearing his poor aching head clear off ... He sought
to relieve the stinging sensations in both eyes with cold water.

When he managed to be able to see he stumbled to the toilette and during his
mandatory morning piss, he felt the note pinned to the back of his throbbing
ball sack. After several unsuccessful attempts to remove the safety pin
convinced him, he left the aching thing where it was. More movement only brought
needless pain. He gently tore off the paper, and through bleary red teary eyes
read:

        "I catch you with this bitch again whitie and these here nuts
        be dangling from your ears. Bitch done give me the clap so I
        taking her for the cure. Gona clear her out with a broom
        stick ... She be my bitch and I better never find your
         white ass messing round her hole again, got it whitie??"

Dave's blood ran cold. *CLAP* and who ever wrote this note could have just as
well emasculated him. I mean after all she was just a lay to him. He better go
get treated and ..... OH GOD! That hurt when he tried to walk. He had to leave
his pants open and hold them up with his hands. He limped out of the apartment
and vowed to never again fuck this or any strange piece of ass again. If only he
got away with it this time he would be on the straight and narrow forever more.

Then he thought,

&lt;The attacker might be hurting her ... He should call the police .... He didn't
even wanna to get involved. Besides he had to go get treated for clap. That
bitch ..... Hope the black bastard kicks the shit out of her .... CLAP! Shit
what will Lory say ... if she ever finds out she will ... &gt; Dave thought with
his blood running cold.

*************************************************

She was really tired when she drove into her yard. She went into the glove
compartment and took a slug of the pinch bottle's amber fluid to build up her
strength. Thus fortified she turned back to the task at hand.

She dragged the bag on the hand truck down the ramp, into the garage. Then
without even a pause she dragged her burden then down the steep stairs. So the
bag bounced at every step .. So the bitch would be shaken up. She would show
this bitch ..

Once safely down in the basement she paused to catch her breath and look over
her previous acquisitions.

Both the women were still secured to large "X" members positioned in a circle
around the room. These "X" members were locked to the floor and ceiling. Both
prisoners looked hopefully to their captor for some relief. She just checked the
security of their bonds. Then she went over and opened up the straps on the bag.
Unzipped the zipper and dumped out her latest victim.

The naked woman rolled over, groaning, rubbing her eyes, and attempted to
straighten out her cramped sleeping muscles. The woman raised her right leg and
drove her heel into the dazed nude's defenseless right tit.

"AHAHAHAHAHA" the girl shouted as she attempted to roll back into a defensive
ball to protect her aching mammary and guard against further attacks.

The woman leaned down and grabbed the nude's hair and dragged her to her feet.
Then she slammed her into the third "X" member head first, and secured her
unresisting neck to the frame. Soon she had secured the captives wrists to the
top of the X and then secured the ankles similarly. She went around to the other
side of the frame, and reached through the elastic holes, at tit height, and
pulled the naked mammarys through. Then she secured then, there with the a pair
of serrated spring loaded metal clamps.

The steward's tits were now held in the center of the frame's holes. Thus they
joined Leslie's and Betty's as captives of this obviously mad woman.

The woman now retrieved a curved wicked looking knife and a hollow penis gag
from a side table. She stepped up in front of the steward's tearing face.
Holding the knife in front of the new captives left right eye she demanded of
the shut mouth,

"Open up bitch, or I'll flick this little toy and one less eye. Then maybe I'll
flick off a nipple or the other eye right here and now. You see I'm tired and
maybe just a little bit cranky so I do not want any shit from you."

The blade slipped down her captive soft smooth mammary skin and rested
above the left nipple.

Having no choice, the terrified woman opened her mouth and attempted to say,

"Lory pl...",

But she was deterred in mid sentence, by a burst of tears, as the hollow penis
toy was stuffed into the opening. So now it was secured in her open mouth.

"Now I have to get some sleep. In the morning ... Or when ever I get the urge, I
can come down here and visit you. Then I will begin to extract my retribution
for your past sins. For now you just stand here and wait right there, till I
feel better and want to playing with you. See you then, or when ever I feel like
it. OK?"

Wearily she left the underground shelter, closed and locked the steel door, and
made her way up the stairs, being careful to turned out the lights leaving all
her captives trussed up naked and gagged. Waiting for her return!

The questions burning in each of their minds ....

"Why am I here?   Why me? .... Why? "

                              The why!

Lory woke up in her bed. It was a little before noon. She felt refreshed
and very pleased with her self. She had three secured, and her plan for the new
profit center was .... going fine! During her morning ablutions, she remembered! 
**Dave**!!

&lt;That bastard&gt;

She frowned and dialed his office number to see if he had recovered from last
night's little visit, enough to go to work. She smiled when she remembered how
she had left him ...

&lt;Poor Baby! Balls all swollen up and hurting!! I bet!&gt;

Tania (Dave's secretary) answered.

&lt;Well she did not really expect him to be there. Poor baby. Where does it hurt
... Show mommie the bu bu ..... &gt;

"He called in sick." Tania informed her, "and your Father is pissed. This is his
third time this month. If you ask me he is in real big trouble."

"Well the poor baby is delicate. You know that. Let me talk to Daddy." Lory
demanded.

*********************************

"Hello Daddy, This is Lory ..... "

The other end of the conversation went on and on ... till she finally
interjected,

"I know Daddy ... You were right ... I know .. "

Again the voice on the other end, picked up the initiative ...

"I know what you said. We both knew he would be like this .. but forget .. him
for a minute DADY! I started my new venture ...... "

Again the long reply in a louder voice this time ....

"Daddy .... Daddy please ... I know! But I think this venture, in future, will
more than make up for ... "

Again the loud response from the other end ...

"I know but I'll take care of Dave. You just forget about him and leave him
to me ... "

Again the response...

"No I have a use those ... No! I want him in tact, for now. Maybe later."

Another long response.

"I tell you, I will take care of him and them.... You can trust me Daddy ..
really."

Another response but lower volume ... this time.

"Of course! Daddy You know I am your little girl aren't I?"

Another response...

"Well then just trust me. I even delivered the first one Tuesday morning ...
Yes! I got the check  .. and no one will miss her or the rug rat."

Another response.

"Daddy! Daddy!  I have to go and feed my animals. I am alone here, remember? You
did not even give me my old nurse maid .... "

Another response.

"I know.. I..."

Another response.

"OH You will!!! Oh, Thank you... Thank you ... Daddy... No, No I can take care
of him myself."

Another response.

"You just send me, old Beverly and I can manage things from there on out.
Bye for now .."

She pushed the disconnect and then dialed their city apartment.

&lt;With Bev to help with the animals, everything would be so much easier. Now for
that bastard, Dave .. &gt;

She dialed. The phone rang and rang... then the answering machine picked it
up. She waited for the message and then began,

"Dave ... Dave it's me ... Are you all right? Please pick up baby...'m soo
worried... OH! Maybe I better come over there and ..."  She started to flush him
out of his hiding place.

&lt;He is probably just standing there with those swollen balls hiding out from
Daddy ... and me ....&gt;

"Hello honey!" Came Dave's pained response.

"Dave you sound terrible .. I called the office and they told me you are sick.
Poor Baby! .. "

"Darling I feel soo bad ... I just ache all over." he began.

"I know. I called Daddy and have HIM send over some of his people. You know they
will nurse you back to health." She smiled as she thought,

&lt;and cut off those little aching balls of yours off...&gt;

"NO, NO! No need to do that. I'll be ok by tomorrow. I know it."

Dave said in desperation. He knew the nursing Daddy's people would give him
especially with .....

"Well I don't want you there, all alone and so sick. I know! I'll pop into the
car and come right over to the service and ... " She began knowing that she now
had cornered him.

&lt;Probably standing there trying to soothing his aching balls scared out of his
mind.&gt;

Dave knew if Lory found him .. like this ..

 &lt;If she comes here and finds my balls swelled up and I'm suffering from the
clap... she'll call HIM and .. &gt; went through his mind, &lt;Maybe it would be
better if I go there and see how she takes it. If she freaks, I'll have more
running room. .. Yea I'll go over there.&gt;

"Well honey, you know, I think the country air would be better for me. Why don't
I come on down there in a couple of hours." Dave offered.

"You sure you don't want me to come over and ... " She started,

&lt;Ya, you come on over here and I can put those swelling balls to a real good 
use. Besides he'd be a bitch for me to have to drag into the van. Ya you bring
those aching little nuts right over here .. to mama!&gt;

"Don't worry your pretty little head about it I'll be there around lunch, OK??"
he proposed.

"Well if you 're sure. I'll wait lunch for you." she offered.

&lt;Bet he going to try to find someone to cut out the safety pin. Poor baby. DADDY 
would do it for him. That and all that other hairy thing.&gt;

"See you soon" she offered brightly. 

Things were falling into place nicely.

"Love you!" Dave closed.

&lt;Hope those balls still work. If not well then I'll have DADDY over and I'll
cook um and then watch him eat um. Poor baby.&gt; She thought as she hung up the
phone and went on to her morning shower.

&lt;Now let me see...&gt; She thought as the warm water washed over her body. &lt;I have
to collect Lesia's little friend. She looks like she too might make a good brood
mare. Don't want to leave any lose ends, or Daddy will be pissed. Then if she
doesn't work out here ... well we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.&gt;

She stepped out of the shower and went down to sit and dry in the warm air by
the pool. Thus refreshed she slipped on her bikini bottoms and went to see to
her three new 'animals'.

****************************************************

She had to move the car off the hidden cellar door and descended to see to her
'animals'. They were still as she left them. She want to the lactating Betty and
milked her for real this time. (All the alcohol having worked itself out of her
system.) She put the milk away to be processed later. She took off their gags
and brought out their feed bags.

She paid no heed to the curses and entreaties of the naked captive women
imprisoned on the 'X' frames.

The bags she filled with grain from a barrel, mixed some of Betty's whiskey
polluted / contaminated milk from yesterday and proceeded to feed her 'animals'.

"Eat up my little brood mares. Or Lory's going to spank." She chided them.

Betty tried to shake off her feed bag, complaining of her treatment. So Lory
went to the wall and got down a thin rattan cane. She applied it across the
large white moon of Betty's' big fat posterior.

Crack ... Crack ....

Two horizontal red stripes now dissected the smooth white flesh. These caused 
Betty to stopped her complaining and started to crunch the grain amid the salty
tearing of her eyes. She did not like it but the bitch had convinced her to eat
her mush. More complaints she knew would bring more pain.

"And you cunt." Lory addressed the shapely nude she had acquired last night,
"You thought you would get away with my man? And after you promised me it was
over. Why I might not have even acquired you .. if you kept your word."

Crack

Lory delivered one underhand stroke into the wide spread cunt of her hated young
slim captive.

"That hot ass of yours belongs to me, now and I'm going to take a particular
interest in making you pay for what you and Dave have done in the past, Dorris."

"Please I didn't want to ... He made me ... I told him you would be .. " Dorris
began and ended in a scream as Lory delivered another crisp uppercut to the
spread open lips.

"The less you say the better bitch. Your screams will be all I want from you
right now. Now eat that feed. I want any more shit from you I'll just whip your
hot cunt. See if this can cools it down."

Lory went over to Leslie and ran her hand over the swelling belly.

Leslie aware of the cane and it's effects on the other two captive women,
crunched noisily and hoped that she would escape the canes attention. She did
not even object to the other woman's hands exploring expanding her pelvis.

"Good little heifer," Lory said as she felt the captive cunt folds. "Yea I hear
this will throw a good little rug rat, and from a lezzie bitch like you. You
figure!"

Lory lifted the large breasts from their straining positions on
pregnant woman's torso.

"These give good milk? I'll make good use of it, and you thought that that bitch
Fran was going to drink it. Tough tittie for her. Maybe I'll bring her here and
have her help you speed up with the delivery. We'll see."

She waited till the women were finished their 'meal' and then she unfettered
Dorris and, directed by the cane, forced her 'to clean out the barn'.

Dorris did not relish the job of toilette maid but she was given no choice. When
Lory was satisfied she secured an aching Dorris back to the 'X' member and went
up stairs to await that cheating bastard, her husband, Dave.

******************************************

She saw him driving through the gate. She was feeling rage at his arrogant
attitude, as he waved to her.. She would change that and soon, but for now a
little 'lovie dovie' was called for ....

"Hello darling" her cheating mate said, as he got out of his car and made
directly for her, "I miss you so much, when you come up here. You leave me soooo
alone in the big city."

"Well you could come up here and keep me company. You know I was trying to start
to make this place pay." Lory said.

"How?? I mean I don't see any animals and the fields are all fallow. You know I
love to help you but I do have a job to go to. Your FATHER is a tuff boss."

"Well Dave you know I am still a board member of Daddy's company and ... well I
have thought up a completely new twist to it." Lory began. "A totally new
business plan!"

"Now Lory, I know that whatever you thought up will be good for your FATHER but
HE soo wanted you to go to College and make something of yourself. Now out here
what are you going to do? Start another milking heard herd like HE has?" Dave
chided her.

"Well it is easier to show you than explain verbally. Come on down stairs with
me." Lory said taking his hands and gleefully noting his discomfort at standing
and walking into the garage. She purposely speeded up at the stairs when she saw
his discomfort.

They descended the stairs to the old bomb shelter. Lory had him lead into the
subtranium room. Once inside she slammed the door closed and switched on the
bright overhead lights. She had positioned herself, with the door at her back
and she latched it. She reached up and secured her handy tazer hanging on the
wall.

Dazed by the bright lights, Dave finally comprehended what was before him.

"What ... What are these women doing ... Dorris?? Lory what did you .." Dave
began but Lory zapped him on the neck. Stunned by the electricity, he fell
like a bag of wet laundry.

She stripped him and used the overhead come along hoist, on the ceiling, to
position him on a vacant 'X' frame. She secured him hand and foot, but facing
out not into the frame like her female captives.

Now she went to work with the bandaging scissors and cut off all Dave's
expensive clothes. That done Lory looked over her former lovers 'equipment'.
Hanging limp from Dave's crotch was the relaxed dick and a pair of balls.

The balls were red and swollen. She checked and found the safety pin just where
she had left it hours before.

&lt;Poor Baby. Probably afraid whoever he asked to remove it would tell me or
DADDY.&gt;

Dave awoke to the acrid smell of ammonia.

"Lory .... please I di.. She ma... I mean..." he began but the sight of Lory
there with a pair of tin snips in her hands froze him to his very soul.

At the sight of the cutting implement in her hand Dave's blood ran cold. He had
heard that she had castrated a number of men while working with her FATHER. She
even had a jewel box with who knows how many pairs of testicles she had
personally acquired.

"Dave baby why did you fuck Dorris? Wasn't I enough for ya?"

SNIP .... SNIP ....

"Please Baby I didn't mea .... No don't!!! Please No .. I ...." Dave
commenced to grovel and beg his angered lover.

Lory, smiling and happy lifted the ball sack and positioned the tin snips at the
base of the bag ....

"One little snip and all the shit comes out. Dave did you ever see a really
fresh pair of ..... "

"Please baby! She made me. I didn't want to do it but she came at me ..." Dave
tried to shift the blame to the now cringing Dorris.

"She came at you??? Did she overpower you? She did not seem like she was really
doing anything but sleeping after getting a good fucking when I came in ... "

"Dave, you are going to have to do better than that. Try again I'm waiting."
Lory added.

Snip ... Snip ....

"Please don't I did not mean .. to I mean. I'll never do it again. Never ...
Please Lory ... "

"Well you are going to be happy to hear that I'm going to let you keep the nasty
little things ... for now ... If they work and if they combine with these mares
to throw good rug rats. If they do that .. then I'll leave um where they are
now. But you give me any more of your shit, or fail me in your duty, and I'll
cut um off and serve um up to you .. with onions. You like onions don't you
Dave?" Lory taunted Dave from her ball hold on his jewels.

Dave watched down his stomach as Lory's slender hands wielding the cutting
implement in his delicate area.

She guided the snips back behind the sack and deftly snipped off the safety
pin from it's secure place. She carefully threaded the now open metal pin out of
his ball sack and held it up for his inspection.

"You just give me one little bit of trouble and next time I'll drive this sucker
into one of these seed pods and then watch it turn black." Lory admonished a
sweating, much relieved, Dave.

He vouched to never give her 'one bit of trouble', ever again.

"Dorris as he seems to prefer you to me so from now on I'm going to have you
milk the sucker." Lory said unshackling Dorris from her prison cross.

Lory handed her a small bottle with a cather tube attached.

Dorris's muscles were faltering and she fell on her knees but crawled over
before the captive spread out Dave. She looked at the bottle and tube and then
at Lory for guidance.

"Go on you dumb cunt. Stick the tube down in the little hole. Dave here likes to
give out his seeds to you and everyone else. Well now I am going to put um to
good use. Milk the sucker and be quick about it before I take a notion to cut
off those puny tits of yours." Lory said, as put down the tin snips, and 
retrieved the cane Dorris had become acquainted with before.

Shuttering Doirris hurriedly tried top thread the tube into Dave's piss hole. It
was too big and would not fit. Dorris looked up pleadingly at the advancing
Lory.

"Don't worry about Dave here. It's just like fucking if it don't fit ... you
just stuff it in. Sort of like when he fucks a pig like you. Come on and get
milking." Lory demanded with the cane poised for an over head stroke to Dorris's
defenseless tits ..

Dave winced, and then, manliness be damn, he screamed, like a baby, as Dorris
forced the unyielding plastic tube onto and then up inside his limp pecker.

"Wait till she gets the damn thing all the way inside." Lory commented knowing
the tube was not that long. As she wanted the sperm and not piss.

Dorris forced and drove the tube to a place nestled deep inside Dave's pecker's
piss hole. She looked up expecting praise from her demanding mistress.

She got a crack across the tits, and the admonishment,

"Get on with it I want those little seeds in that bottle pronto. Then we will
see if he gets to keep them balls. Get on with it slut. Only this time you don't
get to eat up the slimy stuff. I get it and I'll put it to good use. From now on
you are just going to be a cum milker .. for me!" Lory demanded.

Dorris quickly started to jack off the now stiff pecker with her small soft
shaking hands but it had little effect. She looked up and hoped that she did
not get another crack to her aching mamories.

"Don't play the innocent with me... Use some of your slut ways. Make nice nice
with the damn thing. You know, like you did last night. Maybe you should lick
the balls ... or better yet ... get your nasty tongue up the his shitty ass
hole. Bet that'll get the fucker off." Lory demanded.

Dorris rubbed the swollen nuts against her aching tits. She kissed the stuffed
squired head and finally Dave started to respond. Dorris kept up a stead 
jacking motion to Dave's pleading. That caused Lory deliver to crack to Dorris's
plump naked ass as a little squirt appeared in the bottle.

"Don't tear that thing off just yet bitch. I might have some use for it later
on." Lory said. "I could maybe take it off and use it as my toilette flush
handle, to remember you by, Dave love, if these little swimmers ain't up to
snuff."

"Well don't just leave um there .. pull it out of there and give it to me. I
got shit to do. ... Just pull the sucker out. Dave here is a big boy. He can
take it! .. Kant ya Dave darling .. "

Dorris did as ordered. Dave felt as if the inner parts of his precious pe-pe was
being pulled almost inside out.

Over his shoulder Lory ordered. "On your stand bitch."

Dorris got on to her stand and waited docilely as Lory attached her arms and
legs to the waiting restraints.

Lory then carried the bottle to the lab section of the room and commenced to
prepare a slide from the gooey white stuff that was Dave's seed.

She peered and tested and then with a serious look on her face she walked over
to the bench where she had placed the snips. With a somber expression she took
them to their place on the wall.

Dave breathed a sigh of relief. His nuts were safe. She found they were still
....

Lory reached um and took down the bolt cutters.

"Sorry Dave but well you know business is business." Lory said.

"Do you want onions or maybe a nice ...."

"Lory please I'm your husband for the love of god! Please don't. I'm sorry I
strayed and I .... "

She positioned the curve cuter blade to encompass his nut sack and
took hold of the end of the handles.

"Dave you didn't care one iota about me last night, so I going to do this slow.
That way you'll feel the blade going through every millimeter of it. Or I can do
it quick .. and then in either case they'll be off. OK?"

"Choose Dave... Quick or slow....."

"Please.....Ple....a..s....."

Dave was now blubbering like a new born baby at the thought of the loss of his
family jewels.

"OH yea .. when I have um off, what do you think I should serve with um ... I
mean you are contributing to the main course to the feast. Smothered in onions,
with corn or peas .. or plain with just some parsley on the side."

Dave continued to blubber and would offer no response to Lory's choices, so she
tried again,

"Dave .... Dave ... Now be a man... come on now. Make a choice. After all you
had me and you wanted this shitty piece of shit on the side. Well you got both
... for a while .. (Still only sobbing from Dave!) Ok OK I'll be a sport. I'll
give you both. I'll serve the nasty things, steeped in onions and with parsley
on the side" Lory said with a devilish light in her eyes.

Fingering the ball sack, she looked up at Dave's tear stained face, and inquired
again,

"Won't that be tasty?? ... Aw poor baby ..... Won't you please answer me ... I
mean if you can't answer me I could serve up your tongue also."

Dave was now unintelligible ... His only response to sobb all the louder.

Lory stepped back and gently .... and without his even noticing, removed the
sharp curved steel blades from around his precious nut sack.

Without another word, she turned around, and replaced the bolt cutters onto the
peg board, and walked out of the room leaving Dave babbling and still begging
her long after the door slammed shut and the lights went out.

A naked disgusted Dorris was thoroughly boiloing with the pitiful excuse for a
man she had been sleeping with. She had fallen for him and now he was reduced to
.... this shuttering heap by ... &lt;Why he even tried to blame her for forcing her
self on him ..

&lt;The bastard.&gt; she thought, &lt;I wish I had had that cutter in MY hands.&gt;

Upstairs Lory went to her lonely bed and tried to sleep. But she was so keyed up
that it was not to be. She had to do .. something. So she got up and went back
down to see to her animals.

She stopped before her naked pregnant brood mare. While running her right hand
over the expanding belly she inquired,

"Leslie you look so lonely here. I know you are going to write a letter to your
roommate Fran. I felt very bad about separating you two love birds, so we'll
just bring her here too. And then you can be together. OK?"

Leslie began to shake her head violently. NO NO she would not do it.

"Well I would not think of hurting you, and in turn possibly, the baby, so I
will use these." Lory said holding up a huge plug and a long catheter tube.

Lory greased them up and with great difficulty plunged the long tapered thing
into the struggling woman's vitals. Smiling with satisfying with her deed
Lory remarked, as she clamped shut the catheter tube,

"There now all nice and comfy. You just stand right there while I go up stairs
and have a nice dinner. I did not really want to fight the commute traffic
anyway. I'll let you think on, the little letter and I'll have my dinner. After
that we'll talk again."

As she passed Dave's frame she petted his flaccid crotch. "I think I might want
to have some fresh ..... soon. So for now, you can keep these." She lifted the
objects under discussion. "These still seem to be making vigerous little
swimmers, like I want. Keep it up Dave, and I might even forgive you ... ya ....
in about a million years." She gently released the shrinking nuts. "Keep um
working Dave or I might use um for extra protein for my little heifers. Dorris
over there would, I bet just love to eat the little meatie things, wouldn't you
bitch?"

&lt;Just give me a chance! I'd bite the damn things off, and eat um RAW!&gt; Dorris
wished.

Dave cringed as he looked over at his former lover. There he saw only the hate
in her eyes.

"Dave, you don't know how to treat a woman. You are supposed to love um. And
keep up so that they want more, but look what you have done. You pissed off both
Dorris and me. Why now we both hate you .... Well I'm sure you will have a lot
of time to reflect on your past life while I use you both down here. See you all
after a while. And you Leslie think on that letter I want ... Think real hard
... I hope you see it my way ... before something breaks in there."

The door closed and the lights go out again. The captives were miserable before
but now their hopelessness was building with each visit from Lory.

Betty breasts were swelling and her milk need draining. Leslie was already
straining to relieve the pressure in her kidneys from the plug catheter, and the
former love birds were really p o at each other.

Ah well the modified fall out shelter was not meant to be a prison with all the
amenities, was it??

Lory, always the cautious one, closed the door to the secrete cellar and placing
Dave's car over top of the entrance this time.

Then Lory went into the kitchen and cooked up a sumptuous meal, for one, with
all the trimmings. She even added a small bottle of dry white wine, as a treat
for herself. As she cooked and fussed, she made sure the exhaust fan kept the
captives below aware of the feast being prepared above their heads. A feast they
were not having any part of.

Then after her meal, with her appetite sated Lory, felt drowsy so she went into
her bedroom and took a nap.

About 6 PM, when she woke up, she fixed herself coffee and had a small desert.

Later as she was finishing her coffee, her old nurse, named Beverly, arrived to
assume her new chores. Lory went about explaining the duties that were expected
of her above ground. Then she moved the car and they descended to inspect and
service the 'animals'.

Lory demonstrated, that the "X" frames would rotate 180 degrees, so that the
female 'animal's' sex opening would be gaping open, facing the ceiling and
easily accessible from a comfortable standing position to whomever wished to
inspect or service the them.

Lory got down her rattan cane and demonstrated the sickening *SPLAT* as she
applied it over hand into Dorris defenseless cheating cunt. When she had tired
herself she observed,

"These lips are swelling up nicely. I do think I like the 'puffy look' best in
this cunt." Lory explained to her new employee.

"Now I want you to take the temperatures of each of these cunts, four times a
day. You will record the readings on a seperate charts for each cunt. I will
inspect the records twice daily. Remember this a it is very important!"

"This one is proving difficult so I think .. *SPLAT* a few taps whenever you
like, will speed the results, I want."

The two women moved on down the line of "X" frames, and Lory began,

"Now the current holder of this dick and balls is not to be beaten on any of the
sex parts. Him, I want disciplined on the bottom of his feet. Pay particular
attention to the arch ... Here ... Like  this ... *SPLAT*  *SPLAT*. You see?"
Lory continued as she inflicted the stinging cuts first to Dave's right then
left foot arches.

"Yes mistress," Beverly answered.

&lt;She had been briefed by Lory's FATHER before she left the Condo. She was on a
vital mission for HIM. She would not fail HIM or HIS daughter.... ever.&gt;

Lory then milked her assistant, and supervised her nurse in the milking, of
Betty's, small by  comparison, tits. The issue of both sets of utters was mixed
with grain and dried fruit to make a mush. Then after the temperatures of each
of the naked vaginas were measured and recorded, the 'animals' were provided
with feed bags and fed. Of course each of the animals were rotating, after their
temperatures were recorded, to right side up for digestion.

Lory had returned to Leslie while Barbra milked her lactating charge and stooped
down. She addressed the straining pregnant woman,

"I need that letter to Fran. Are you ready to write it or do I have to wait till
midnight. For your sake I hope not. I get real cranky at that time. Why I might
just cut these labia off with a butter knife then. You want that?" Lory's hand
on the her neither lips left no doubt in Leslie's mind it would happen.

She had better write the letter...NOW!!

Leslie shook her head

"No!"

"Well that is more like it. Here let me right this thing." Lory said as she 
rotated the frame 180 degrees. After she was upright Leslie saw spots before her
eyes and felt faint as all the blood rushed from her head, to her Leslie's feet. 

Lory produced paper and a pen. If she were not tethered to the frame Leslie
would probably have fainted but chained to the frame that did not happen.

Lory released Leslie's right hand and affixed a writing surface with a tabled of
paper, to the frame right arm.

"Now write exactloy what I dictate:

       "Dear Fran:

        I have to hide from him. He wants to take the baby.
        Please get the household money together and a change of
        clothes for me.

        This woman will take you to me if you want to come. Be
        sure to bring my bank books and yours too, if you want

        Please Fran honey come quickly and tell no one.

        Leslie"

"Let's hope she falls for it. If not well I might have to get real nasty with
her first and you later, when I get back here." Lory explained.

Leslie began to vocally try to protest ... as Lory stated to walk away.

"Oh yea you want to be unplugged. Well I will ... Just as soon as I get back 
with Fran. Why I'll even let her do the honors. What do you think?? ...... Well
you took too long soo now you'll have to wait."

After the animals finished their 'meal' Dave was milked of his second load of
sperm for today. This load too was frozen in liquid nitrogen, stored for future
use. Then the keepers ascended the stair way to the garage. They replaced the
car over the door. All was secure on the home front.

Lory instructed Beverly to do the same things they had just done, if she did not
return before midnight. Then she got in her vehicle and started out to tonight's
pick up.

This Fran was a real beast, but Lory did not want to leave any lose ends, with
Leslie's acquisition besides maybe she would throw a good fold. Look at Leslie's
former issues.

Lory went right to the apartment on 96 th street, double parked, and knocked at
the door.

"YES??" Fran said as she answered the door.

"Is he here?" Lory asked. "Did he come by?"

"WHO???" Fran demanded.

"OH good! Here this will explain." Lory said pushing the note from Leslie into
the woman's face.

Fran recognized the hand writing, and quickly read the thing.

It was from her lover. She had been frantic and now this .. If he was trying to
get the baby ... It would explain Leslie's sudden absence, and the mystery. The
cops refused to take her report till monday. They hated lezzies anyway.

Fran reread the note and quickly went about the apartment gathering the things
requested. She came to the door with two suitcases and said.

"There, now.  I'm ready. Let's go."

"Wait a minute. He might be outside and see if we leave together. I'll go out,
empty handed, and drive my van around the block. Then when I see I am not being
followed I'll come back. Is their a back entrance to this place?" Lory asked.

"Yes! Ok, I'll go out the back and meet you there." Fran answered.

"OK but leave the lights and TV on so he will think you are still here. Then
when I drive up I'll open the side door. You throw in the bags and climb in.
Then I'll drive off and you can close the door. Be careful not to fall out."
Lory said.

She rushed out to her van and drove off like she expected pursuit.

She waited 10 minutes and then returned to the apartment building's back door.
She slid out of the seat and opened the van door. Then she returned to the
drivers seat and waited.

Fran threw the two suit cases. Then she bent over and crawled into the metal
floor, as Lory sped away into the night.

"Look out the back window and see if we are being followed." Lory commanded.

Fran did as ordered and called over her shoulder. "Don't see anyone. I think we
made it clean away."

"Well come on up here and get into your seat belt. It is dangerous riding in a
van not strapped in." Lory ordered.

Fran did as commanded and relaxed through the long drive to the farm.

When they turned off the highway Lory pulled over and stopped.

"Let's see if we are being followed. I think I might of seen some lights behind
us for a long way there." Lory commented.

They sat there in the dark for a long time then Lory said

"Well looks like we lost um. Can not be too careful. Now lets go on to meet
with Leslie."

A much relieved Fran sat back and waited to meet her lover.

Lory pulled into the farm and drove up to the garage. She opened the van door
and carefully handed out the first cases. Then she clumsily dropped the second
one and when Fran bent to retrieve it, her trusty tazer put out Fran's lights.

Beverly came out and helped denude the unconscious woman and then helped hog tie
her. Lory moved Dave's car and the two women dragged Fran's inert body down the
stairs to the underground holding area.

The unconscious Fran offered no resistance as she too joined the group of 
captives chained up on the "X" frames.

Bev rotated the 'animals', cunt high, and stuck in the thermometers in
preparation for the required readings.

After the readings were recorded, Lory milked her Bev, and then Bev milked
Betty. The readings were compared to the previous ones on the charts. The mush
was prepared and the 'animals' fed.

Again an unresisting Dave was milked and his sperm was frozen along with the
earlier 'deposits'.

After Lory inspected the temperature charts and removed Leslie's catheter.

Then she and Bev retreated to the upstairs. The captives were left there in
their misery awaiting her pleasure.

****************************************

A routine was established and repeated four times a day.

The lights went on and Lory and Bev went through the routine of milking,
feeding, and inspecting the animal's charts.

Lory took delight in directing Denise to 'clean out the barn' after each
session, and then the free women left.

******************************************

The routine took hold for about two weeks.

Leslie's belly had swelled appreciably. The development was good.

Lory said so.

Dave's sperm supply, built up and up.

Then one day, on inspecting the charts, Lory exclaimed,

"Fran you lucky bitch you are ovulating. Just like a nice little brood mare
should."

She rotated the frame so Fran's sex was vertical and wide open, facing the
ceiling. She withdrew 10 bottles of Daves frozen sperm and gradually heated them
to room temperature. Then she carefully heated all in a modified fish tank, to
98.6 degrees. Next she had Bev pored all the milky white fluid in to a large
turkey baster specially prepared for this event.

Now standing on a step stool Lory placed the implement deep inside the now
distraught objecting Fran's vagina till the small opening found the waiting
cervix. Lory squeezed the bulb, forcing the seminal fluid out of the implement
and into the captive breading ground. To insure that all the semen had every
chance to work, Lory left the tube deeply inbedded inside her brooder.

(All her life Fran had detested male sperm, or really anything male, and now she
could only hunch up and watch as the slimy sperm descended down into her
precious waiting body's organs. The horror, of the act was abhorrent to her but
she could do nothing to stop the relentless downward progression of the little
swimmers. As she tried scream out her objections, the shaking plastic column
issued bubble after bubble.)
                                                
"Go on you little suckers. SWIM ...  SWIM ... you bastard makers." Lory 
commented after she stepped down and began to needed Frans quivering belly.
Smiling she then demanded. "You make nice nice to Dave's little swimmers. Let um
get at that nice egg of yours, then you can make me a new rugrat for some nice
lucky rich couple."

Seeing that Fran was horrified and the rest of the company were gagged, Lory
observed,

"Hope it is a boy. They bring the most money. Try real hard bitch. Make me happy
... or else ... "

Satisfied that the procedure was well underway, Lory walked over to Dorris. She
grabbed Dorris left tit and used it to point at Fran.

"And you wanted that shit in you. Well you just ovulate and I'll give it to you
too. Old Dave there going to give me gallons and gallons of it. The old baster
here will be working overtime."

"If you fail me bitch. I'll use that stuff that will give you multiple little
bastards. And if that fails I'll implant you with something else useful. Maybe a
nice pigmy goat or multiple dog clones, anything that needs a nice warm place to
develop. One way or the other you will brood for me till you are too old. I hear
one woman had a bastard at 66. Just think of it .. Dorris I'm going to give you
a dozen or more of old Dave's bastards, or something else useful, till your cunt
wears out. Don't you worry. I'll find a use for you and those balls you
coveted."

Seeing the whore in Dorris's face Lory turned and as she ascended the stairs
with her assistant she informed all the captives, "You cunts are now working for
me. You are my brood mares and I want you to produce. Their is a ready a great
market for the little rug rats and so get on with it. Produce .... If not then
I'll dispose of you and get another mare to take your place. I will acquire a
few more soon and if any of you fail me ... then your feed for the pigs ....
Cunts are easily acquired ... and disposed of .. "

Slam! The door closed and all were left with the horror of their situation.

Fran could only lay there with her blood rushing to her head, as the little
swimmers continued on down in their journey and did their damnedest to
impregnate her.

The end for now ...........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





