BDSM Library - New Boarder




New Boarder
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman moves to town and finally finds a place to rent but finds out the family has a weird lifestyle. Will be continued in the months ahead.
New Broader

Donna had just arrived in town a week ago.  She was hired to manage a factory in
this small town and had been living in the only hotel in town for the whole
week.  She had found an ad about a family renting the upstairs area of their
home and had applied with the man.  After Friday's work she got all her
belongings and gathered them and drove over.  Joyce Jones and her husband Bill
was waiting and helped get her stuff up the stairs into the large room and bath
upstairs.  Joyce was fairly chubby and in her late 40s while Bill was early 50s
with white hair.  The room was very lovely except for children toys, which were
still lying around.  When Donna asked about them, Joyce just said they belonged
to the kids in their younger days but with both in their teens they had just
stored them here.  Joyce told her supper would be ready by 5 and don't be late.

Donna took a quick shower and reviewed her surroundings with gleam.  The room
was really nice and the bath was great.  She noticed the rocking horse at the
side and sat down on it and started rocking.  At 40 she would have been
humiliated if someone walked in on her but it felt so nice to sit and remember
the nicer times.  She almost missed her clock as she realized supper was ready
and got dressed and walked downstairs to the kitchen.   Two older teen-age kids
were already there both in their late teens.  Bill was sitting the table while
Joyce was finishing cooking.

Donna took a seat at the opposite side of the table and noticed the girl and boy
was both staring at her as if she was something new.

"May I help," she asked Joyce trying to avoid their stares.

"No need," said the young girl across the table, "Mom is very good at cooking. 
Aren't you mom?"

"Yes dear," Joyce replied, "no help is needed."

Donna felt awkward letting Bill prepare her plate and Joyce placing the food on
it.   The kids were already eating when she started and then noticed that Bill
and Joyce were just standing.

She felt like she missed something and stop for a moment.  "Are we waiting to
say grace or something she asked?  If so, I'm truly sorry?"  She asked.

"No." replied Joyce.  "We like to have the kids eat first before we start.  We
are so proud of them."

Donna felt weird at the thought but continued to eat.  She noticed the son was
continuing to look down her blouse as she ate.  She felt like he was undressing
her.

"How long are you going to stay with us," the girl asked breaking the stare. 
"My name is Kim and I think you are very pretty for your age."

Donna blushed at the comment.

"Just for a month or so till I can find a house.   Seems to be very few of them
around here."  She replied.

"Then we can have some fun this weekend," Kim said.  "This house as you noticed
is off the beaten path and we have nice woods to walk in.  Maybe we can go this
weekend.  Mom, Dad eat your meal."

"That would be nice," Donna replied.  She noticed that both Bill and Joyce had
started eating like they were being told what to do.  Strange folks, she
thought.  After she finished her meal, she offered to do the dishes but Kim told
her that was Dad job and just relax.  These kids were really being spoiled she
thought, as she told Kim she was going to go up and finished unpacking and try
to get some rest tonight.

She got up and started walking out as the boy; Todd lifted her dress slightly as
she passed.  Pushing it back down she gave him a cold stare and proceeded on
trying to get upstairs as soon as possible.  Figures, she thought, nice place
but with some strange folks.

Quickly she unpacked her processions and put them up.  Putting on her teddy, she
lay back in bed and turned on the TV to see what was happening that day.  She
could hear noises from downstairs.  Her curiosity was up and she decided she
would go to the stairs and take a peek.  Putting on her robe, she made her way
to the balcony and glanced down below.

Both Bill and Joyce was standing in the middle of the living room totally naked
and bent over.  Kim was behind Bill with a large paddle in her hand while Todd
was standing behind Joyce.  Donna noticed their asses were very red and looked
like they had been spanked by their own kids.  Both were promising to be good
little slaves as Donna held her hand over her mouth to keep from laughing at the
sight.  Her own cunt was wet looking at the pair in their humiliated sight.

Bill was commanded to get on all fours while Kim in a see thought nightee sat on
his back.  She slapped his large ass and he started crawling around the room as
if he was a pony.  Todd meanwhile had dropped his panties and was totally nude
in front of Joyce.  Donna noticed the hardness of his cock as he guided it to
Joyce mouth and demanded she suck it off.    The size of it made her hornier
looking as the scene unfolded.  Somehow she wished it was her down there sucking
on his huge cock.  These folks are sick she thought but at the same time put her
hand down between her legs and started rubbing her pussy.  Sick or not, it was
pleasuring her to watch them.

Kim meanwhile had gotten off Bill and turned around so that her ass was to his
face.  He pressed his face in her tight ass and Donna noticed his head bobbing
around in her buttocks and knew he was licking her asshole.  God, she wished she
had his tongue in hers right now.

She turned back to look at Todd who had turned Joyce around and noticed he was
inserting his cock up her asshole as she remained bent over.  She was begging
him to fuck her ass as she wiggled it in back to tease him.  Donna heard her
gasped as the cock penetrated her butt and knew it was inside.  Her own pussy
came as she watched.  She screamed out as she came on the balcony.  Fearing they
may had heard, she ran back to the room as fast as she could and got under the
covers and tried to watch TV.  After about 15 minutes there was a knock on the
door as she asked who it was.

"Just came to see how you were doing," Kim replied through the doorway.  "Can I
come in for a while?"

"Sure," Donna replied wishing she would go away.  Pulling the sheet all the way
up she watched Kim enter the room in her nightee she had seen earlier. 

"I just love the rocking chair," Kim said as she straddle it and starting
rocking as Donna looked at the girl, admiring her shapely body.  She was so
beautiful on the chair rocking.

"Do you have a boy friend," Kim asked.

"No, I was married several years ago but it didn't work out," Donna replied. 
She didn't know why she had told her that.  She was only a kid.

"Do you think I am very pretty?" Kim asked lifting her leg up from the side of
the horse so that both legs were facing her.  Donna couldn't help noticed that
she had nothing on beneath and she had a good view of her pussy.

"You're very pretty," she replied, fighting the urge to stare between her legs.

"Todd and me are quite old for our age," she said.  "We take care of most things
here while Mom tends to the house and Dad works.  Neither of them is very good
at managing things so they pass it on to us to take care of.  You probably find
that weird but we enjoy it."

Donna knew what she meant but wasn't going to tell her that.

"I saw some of that at the table tonight." she replied. "Do they always do what
you and Todd tell them."

"Of course," Kim replied, "they just love to be bossed around.  Makes them feel
important.  How about you?  Do you like to be told what to do?"

That was a loaded question that Donna didn't want to reply to.

"No really." She said, "I'm rather tired tonight, can we finished tomorrow."

"Sure," said Kim getting off the horse and wiggling her butt as she walked to
the door.  "I'll see you in the morning at breakfast.  Be there at 7am or mother
will be disappointed."

Donna signed a breath of relief as the girl left.  Her cunt was wet again
looking at her snatch on the horse as she put her hand back down to rub it
again.  Damn what was wrong with her she thought as stroked her pussy till she
came and laid back to fall asleep for the night.  Her dreams were filled with
Kim and her family.

Donna was awakened by the clock early the next morning.  She had 15 minutes to
take a quick shower and get downstairs before breakfast.  Hurrying quickly she
ran down noticing she was at least 10 minutes late.  All the family was there
seated.  The Kids had completed their breakfast and the parents were eating.

"You're late," Kim announced turning toward her as she took the last seat at the
table.  Her plate was empty.  "In this house when a person is late they are
punished."

"I'm a little too old for that," replied Donna.  "Besides it wasn't but a few
minutes."

Todd got up from the table and walked around.  "Let me show you what happens if
you break the rules," he announced.

Donna watched him approached.  She till remembered his large cock she saw last
night and was wet thinking about it as he approached.

"Mother get up and show our new guest what to expect." He demanded.

Donna turned and saw Joyce stand up and turn around like a domestic dog would
do.  She lifted up her gown to expose her large ass globes.  Donna couldn't help
but stare in shock at her.  She watched Todd approached from behind and then
heard the sound of her ass cheek being struck by his hand.  Donna would have
never dreamed that such a thing would be done right in front of her eyes as she
stared at the scene.  Her own cunt was moist watching Joyce ass squirm from his
slaps till her ass was bright red. 

Bill and Kim were just sitting there watching as if everything was normal as
Donna continued to watch Joyce spanking till Todd announced that was enough for
now.

"Get up and cook your breakfast," he said turning to Donna still frozen in her
chair.

Donna got up and walked to the stove starting to prepare her breakfast.  Her
cunt was soaking wet and knew her face must be also.  She kept her back to the
family as she felt Kim walk up behind her and turned too face her.  She started
to say something as Kim hand went up her gown and quip her pussy in her hand.

"Tsh, tsh.  Wet are we."  She told her.  "You enjoyed seeing mother get her
spanking didn't you?"

Donna was startle and excited at the same time having her hand on her cunt.  She
was stunned for words to say as she felt Kim massaging her cunt in front of the
family.

"You were late for breakfast and that deserves a spanking," Kim said, staring
her directly in the face.

No, I mean.  Slap.

Kim had slapped her face.  Her face had never been slapped.  Especially by a
young girl.  She just stood there frozen in time wondering what to do.

"Turn around and bend over," Kim commanded.

With shaky feet, Donna turned around and bent over knowing her butt was on
display to all.  She felt her gown being lifted up in back and then her panties
were lowered to the ankles.  She tried to keep her ass cheeks tight as she
thought about the sight she must be exposing too the men.

About twenty should do for now," Kim yelled at her.

Slap.  Slap.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





