BDSM Library - A Slut is A Slut




A Slut is A Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The bank owner meets the daughter of her college mistress who decides to continue the family tradition.
A Slut is A Slut, Unless Of Course ..

Sue Kelly looked up as the young lady walked in her office.  She was the owner
of the only bank in town and had hired the girl only a week ago.  Today, after
she had got on to her for messing up, she noticed the girl gave her the finger
as she was leaving.  Too bad.  She can find her somewhere else to work.  It
wasn't going to be here.  As the girl sat down across from the desk, she sneered
at the low cut skirt she was wearing.  Her panties were showing underneath.

"Young lady," she said, "I am writing you a check for this week and your out of
here.  I'm tired of your behavior and you can just go work your butt off
somewhere else in town."

"I think I prefer to work here twinkie," the girl replied, smiling at her.

Sue was taken back.  No one had call her that since she was in college over
twenty years ago.  She had met up with a girl named Lynn who was a dominant who
found out she was submissive and used her in every humiliating way she could. 
Finally, she left college and married a guy leaving Sue alone in her own shame
and humiliation.

She stared at the girl.  "How did you.........."

"Mother kept a diary of her affairs in college and plenty of pictures too," the
girl replied with a smirk across her face.  "I'll bet your ex would love to see
them; especially, with that child custody thing ya are going through.  Don't you
think so twinkie."

Sue wanted to stand up and slapped that smile off the girl face but she couldn't
afford to let Tom have Jamie and besides her bank would be in jeopardy.  She
hesitated twisting her pen over the paper below.

"What do you want?"   She asked.  "I can pay you a check if you like but I want
the pictures and diary."

"Don't need the money," the girl returned.  "Mom left me plenty before she
passed away.  Naw, I think I prefer to have your ass to play with.  My own
little slut to used as mom did.  I enjoyed your pictures so much, I used to cum
thinking about how I could use my own little pet."

"That was years ago," Sue replied, "I'm much older now and surely not in the
best of condition.   Surely you can't get excited with a woman my age."

Sue felt a tinkle between her legs and hated herself for it.  It had been so
long and she had loved ever humiliation moment of it.  And to think it was Lynn
daughter in front of her desk.  Surely she couldn't be serious.

"Get your butt up and lock the door," the girl commanded, "unless you want to
take a chance of someone seeing that big ass of yours. I am going to enjoy this
evening.  I even call your ex and asked him to pick up Jamie for you since you
had to work the weekend."

"As my slave of call," she continued smiling.

Sue stared back at her for a moment and realized she didn't have much choice. 
All of the employees should be gone, but she couldn't risk being caught in her
town status.  Slowly she got up and walked to the door closing it.  She turned
back to see Lucy sitting in her chair behind her desk.

"Now strip for me twinkie.  Let me see what I have to play with this weekend,"
Lucy commanded.

Sue slowly pulled her dress up and over her head and then on the floor below. 
Her shoes were next and then her bra.  She hesitated till Lucy demanded the
panties too before lowering them and stepping out of them.

"Looks like my twinkie has gained some weight," Lucy laughed, looking Sue all
over with an evil smile on her face.  "And that hair down there.   Too much, we
will have to work on that.  Now turn around and show me what an ass you have.  I
was dying to kick it this evening as you were walking away."

Sue turned around.

"Spread those big cheeks of yours twinkie so I can see what you have hidden in
there," Lucy laughed.

Sue reached back and spread her huge mounds exposing her puckered asshole to the
young girl.  Her face was turning red in embarrassment but at the same time she
was getting excited like in the old days when she was a true slut slave to the
girl's mom.

"Much better," Lucy continued.  "It looks like it has been lonesome for a while. 
Here."

Lucy pitched the pen Sue was using earlier at her hitting her back and falling
to the floor by her feet.

"Shove that up your butt and loosen it up," she commanded.

Sue bend down and picked up the pen.  She reached back and pulled her left ass
cheek wide with her left hand and worked the pen slowly up her asshole with the
other till it was fully in.  Her cunt was getting wet in excitement at her
sluttyness.

"I said loosen it up, twinkie.  Fuck you butt with it," Lucy demanded.

Sue started working the pen slowing in and out her asshole getting it spread so
the girl could watch.  She noticed Lucy was leaning back in her chair with her
feet on her desk.  No doubt masterbating her pussy as she watched her
humiliation.  At the moment; however, it didn't matter as she was getting more
and more excited herself and started working it in faster and faster.  She was
finally getting into a rythem and near cumming herself.

"Enough.  Get on your hands and knees and crawl her twinkle," Lucy called out.

Sue stopped  disappointed.  She was so near to cumming.  Slowly she got down on
her hands and knees and started making the way around the desk to where Lucy was
sitting.  As she turned the corner, she could see Lucy pussy spread and dripping
on her seat. 

"Crawl under and eat me," the girl demanded.

Sue crawled in front and under the desk.  Her cunt looked so tasty as she stuck
out her tongue and started lapping it up and down.  It had been so long since
she had eaten a girl and it tasted so good.  She continued with the laps for a
while before focusing on her tender spot working it in earnest.  Lucy moans
above told her she was doing a pretty good job and she soon found her glushing
in her mouth.  She continued licking till Lucy reached down and grabbed both
side of her face cheeks pushing them inward.

"Pucker up for me twinkie.  I'm going to enjoy watching you kiss my ass like
that.  I'm getting excited all ready, aren't you?"  She inquired.

"Yes mistress," Sue tried to say with her mouth still puckered up by the
pressure on her face cheeks.

"Maybe later," Lucy laughed.  "I'm hungry and I'm sure you want to buy me a good
meal before tonight activities.  Don't you twinkie dear?"

Sue face was still crutched tight as she told her she would love to buy mistress
a meal.

"Put your clothes back on twinkie," Lucy continued.  "But no bra or panties.  I
want my bitches available at any time I command.   Hurry up and don't stand up."

Sue started crawling out from under the desk.  She was as excited as she had
ever been and her own cunt was dripping.  It was going to be hard not to show
any wet spots on her dress.  Her thoughts were stopped as she felt a hard kick
to her ass as she proceeded around the desk.  When she got to her clothes, she
put the dress and shoes back on the floor just in time to see Lucy standing by
her side.  She started to get up.

"No twinkie, you can crawl to the car," Lucy said.  "If you hurry, no one will
see you since it fairly dark outside.  She gave Sue another kick on her lower
ass cheek.  Maybe we'll have some dogs tonight for a meal.  I bet you have tried
to put one of those up your big butthole.  Probably will go right on up Lucy
laughed."

When they arrive at the bank door, Lucy let Sue finally get up and lock the bank
up for the night and walk to the car.  Sue was told to drive to a nearby diner. 
Sue was trying to keep the wetness of her dress from showing as they went in and
Lucy picked a table alone near the back to her relief.  They were seated only a
few minutes when the waitress arrived.

"Mrs. Kelly, I so glad to see you.  I really need that loan.  Can we talk about
it tonight after the meal?" the waitress said.

Sue looked up to see Ann Richards.  She had turned the woman down the other day
for a loan she needed badly.  She had to get rid of the woman as fast as she
could in the predicament she was presently in.

"Ann you know I couldn't approve the load because of your unsecured credit." 
She quickly replied.

"Come back next week and I'll see what I can do," Sue continued hoping to get
rid of her.   Her face was reddening in her haste.

"Too bad," Lucy piped up from the other side at the waitress.  "You probably
just caught her at a bad time.  You should catch her when she is a slut slave
like tonight."

"If you let her lick your butt, she will give you anything you want," Lucy
continued with a smile.

Sue was about to die in embarrassment as the waitress just stared dumbfounded.

Lucy continued to her humilation.

"She never told you she was a lesbian slut who enjoys being used as a whore. 
Did she?"  Lucy said.   "She's the best cunt licker I have ever seen."

"Are you serious," Ann said starting at Sue totally red face?

"Sure." Lucy replied.  "Just take her to the bathroom yourself and rub your butt
all over her face and watch her promise to approve that loan.  Isn't that right
Twinkie dear?"

Sue was dying in shame trying to look away from the staring eyes.  Her fate was
now sealed in the young bitch.

"Yes mistress," Sue whispered looking down.

Ann was grinning wildly as she kept staring at Sue.

"Come on Twinkie," Ann smirked.  "My ass is dying to see that tongue of yours in
action."

She turned around and wiggled her fanny at Sue and walked to the bathroom.

Sue started begging Lucy not to make her go through this only in disappointment. 
She finally got up and followed the waitress down the hall towards the bathroom. 
Her legs were weak and she was having trouble walking as they entered inside. 
Ann, however, was in haste as she walked to the center and immediately
unbuttoned her jeans in front and lowered her pants and panties to her knees
before slightly bending forward.

"Come on Twinkie, put that face of yours in my gorgeous butt and get that tongue
of yours working," she yelled back.

Sue stared for a moment at the woman big and hairy ass crack as she slowly
walked forward and got down on her knees behind the woman.  The smell of working
all day was fairly strong, but she held her breath and pushed her face forward
in the massive mounds and starting working her tongue around the rim of Ann
asshole.  The salty taste quickly disappeared as Sue found herself getting
excited again at her disgusting act and started working her tongue in and out
the pucker hole.   Ann was in heaven pushing her ass backwards more and more to
get her tongue deeper and deeper inside.  She grab Sue hair pushing her head
forward calling her whore, cunt, ass licker, brown noser, and other words Sue
hadn't heard in years.  She must have licked for a good twenty minutes before
she felt Ann cum almost choking her air supply off in back.  She moved forward
abruptly almost causing Sue to fall forward on her face below.

"Better get back to your mistress, Twinkie." Ann said.  "I expect my loan to be
approved Monday.  Now get out bitch."

Sue quickly got up and walked out rubbing her mouth of the foul smell.  Her cunt
was dripping on the floor and all over the front of her dress as she almost ran
down the hallway back to the table.   She didn't say anything as she saw Lucy
smiling having her drink.

In a few minutes, Ann appeared and brought a drink with her laying it by Sue
side.

"I'll take your meal orders now," she said, half out of breath.  "By the way, I
sweeten Twinkie drink for her while I was in the bathroom.  You don't mind do
you?"

"Of course not," Lucy replied.  She loves mixed drinks.  "Don't you Twinkie."

"Yes mistress," Sue replied whining.

Sue knew what Ann had done in her glass but there was nothing she could do about
it as she knew Lucy would make her drink it.

"I think I'll have a nice juicy steak tonight," Lucy said, "and for the slut
here; how about a hot dog with fries so she can practice her lip muscles for
tonight."

Ann laughed at the comment.

"You know," Ann said, she is making a scene.  "Those guys up front noticed the
wet spot on her dress as she walked out.  If you like, I can have her take a
proper seat in the bathroom for her royal butt and feed her in private.  That
way you can enjoy your food without everyone staring at the slut."

"Oh, I would like that very much," Lucy said.  "She is such a tramp you know. 
Twinkie go take a seat in one of the bathroom stalls and Ms Ann will come in and
feed you.   Be sure to take your drink with you.  Don't want to waste any of it
since it is so expensive."

Sue was awed by the way they were treating her but her cunt was gushing at being
humiliated this way.  Quietly she got back up and grabbed her drink and headed
back to the bathroom as Ann patted her ass as she went by.

"Be sure to take off all your clothes before you have a seat," Ann whispered in
her ear passing.  "Hate to spill any of your food on that expensive dress of
yours."

Sue may it back to the bathroom and found a stall at the end.  She quickly
disrobed and lowered the john top and took a seat awaiting Ann arrival.  Her
cunt was so hot she had to rub it.  She knew she shouldn't but she couldn't
stand it any longer.  She came almost immediately and was starting to feel
another climax when the stall opened and Ann stood there with a bag in her hand.

"You bitch," Ann yelled.  "Playing with your cunt without permission.  After
your meal, I'll have to report you for that."

Sue pleaded with Ann not to tell but Ann ignored her, opening the bag, she
grabbed a hot dog out and then a mustard pallet. 

"You are going to love what we are serving tonight," she smiled at Sue.

Putting the mustard all over the dog, Ann turned around dropping her pants again
and started pushing the dog up her ass hole as Sue watched in horror knowing
what was going to happen.  She had it almost halfway up, when she looked back
over her shoulder at Sue tearful face and smiled.

"Suck on it for a while dear and then you can start working it in your mouth." 
She commanded.

Sue leaned forward and opened her mouth taking the end of the hot dog inside. 
She started bobbing her head on it like she was giving a blow job only she had
to stare at Ann large ass as she was giving it.    After about a minute, Ann
commanded she start working it out biting a piece at a time off.  It was totally
humiliating and tasted horrible as Sue tried to get it all out without having to
throw up.  When the task was finally completed, Ann made sure she tongued inside
to get all the mustard out of her asshole

Ann turned around and demanded Sue get up and turn around bending over.  She
took a fry and started working it in her asshole and slowly withdrew it. 

"Time to enjoy your fries, Twinkie." She demanded holding the fry to her mouth
and telling her to eat it.  She made her take a sip from her drink and then
repeated the process over and over till the fries and drink was consumed.

"Your mistress said to tell you she will be in the car waiting for you to pay
the bill," Ann laughed.  She reached down and putting a finger at Sue asshole
drove it inward with one quick push as Sue head bounce off the wall above the
john.

"This is for good measure tonight," Ann laughed.  "I'm sure your mistress will
enjoy putting bigger objects in such a wide hole as yours."  She withdrew the
finger and wiped it on tissue before throwing it on Sue back.  "Better hurry up. 
By the way, the meal was 100 dollars.  I'm sure you enjoyed it."

She left leaving Sue still bent over exposed with the stall opened.  Finally,
she regained her composure and started getting dressed.  Her cunt juice was all
over her legs as she cleaned up as best as she could before getting dressed.

She wondered what else was in store for her tonight.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





