BDSM Library - Third Party Guardian




Third Party Guardian
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happens when an aging neighbor makes a beautiful coed into his sexual toy.
Persons under the age of 18 or living in areas where this type of material is
prohibited are advised to go elsewhere.  This is a fantasy story about Control,
torture, and love.  If explicit acts are offensive to you please do not read.

This story is pure fiction and does not relate to any real situation.  It is
pure fantasy and anyone who tries the tortures presented really needs help. You
Have Been warned!!!!! 




Third Party Guardian

By Masterinc

Jackie Short was just 19.  She was a bright, energetic, fresh-faced sophomore in
college.  Her whole life was ahead of her.  There was just one problem; she was
in jail!  She had been arrested for murder.

What really happened was that she had supplied her best friend from high school,
who was a senior, with some designer drugs and her friend had died from an
overdose.  The prosecution had brought second degree murder charges and Jackie's
attorney had not been able to get the charges reduced to manslaughter.  Bail had
been set at $500,000 and Jackie's family did not have that kind of money or the
assets to secure her release.  Friends came forward and they raised the
requisite 10% cash and with the family home to secure the rest, a release
hearing was held. 

The prosecution was adamant that very restrictive release provisions be in place
before the judge would release Jackie on bail.  Of course two of the provisions
were that Jackie was to have no contact with her friend's family or her
boyfriend or his family.  Those restrictions didn't concern Jackie's parents or
Jackie.  Even though Jackie wanted to express her sorrow at her friend's death,
she would forgo that need in order to be released.  At the bail hearing the
prosecution presented one other requirement: a 24/7 sight and sound third party
guardian.  This request was granted by the judge plus the added caveat that the
family could not be considered for the third party guardianship!  The judge felt
that placed too high a burden on the parents as a breach of any of the
provisions, no matter how small, must be reported. That emotional stress, plus
the forfeiture of the 10% cash deposit and the loss of the family home was an
unreasonable burden to place on the parents.  Particularly since a failure to
report even minor violations could result in jail and fines for the parents as
well.  This was a devastating blow in Jackie's parent's efforts to get her out
of jail until her trial.  

Melody and Jack Short were hard working parents who had tried to do everything
right.  Their daughter had been an honor student in high school as well as being
very involved in many of the extra curricular activities in the school and
community.  They were active and involved parents in the PTSA, Boosters, Chamber
of Commerce, YMCA, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts and other professional groups within
the community. 

No one could understand why Jackie had turned to drugs and why she would involve
a student two years her junior in their use.  It was incomprehensible!   Many
people came forward to offer to help with the "guardianship" issue but the court
would only allow for two such appointments.  Anyone wishing to provide such
service must demonstrate how they could provide the 24/7 sight and sound
provision.  This was most difficult unless there was a female involved to cover
the times Jackie needed to have privacy for her personnel necessities.  It would
also mean that the "guardian" had to be in the Short home or that Jackie would
be placed in the "guardians" home.   It seemed no one was willing to commit to
these stringent requirements. 




Chapter Two

(Getting Released)

Bill Wiley was a next door neighbor to the Short family and he and his wife Bev
were close friends of the Shorts.  Three years prior to Jackie's arrest, Bev
Wiley had died of cancer and Bill had become somewhat of a recluse.  He was a
retired electrical engineer who had been very successful in developing a number
of innovative applications of technology to the security industry.  One such
development had been the electronic tracker.  It was a wristband that was locked
on an individual which broadcast a signal to a receiver when it passed through a
special field set up around an area.  It allowed the release into the community
of certain individuals while keeping track of their whereabouts.  Bill had also
done substantial remodeling on his home after his wife's death and had added a
small studio apartment in his basement with the only exit being through the main
part of the house.  He had also installed a security system that included
cameras inside and outside the home. 

Bill had known Jackie all her life and she considered him her "Uncle Bill". 
When he came forward and offered to be the "third party guardian", Jackie and
her folks were elated.  Before signing any formal papers, Bill wanted to meet
with the Shorts and Jackie to make sure everyone understood the parameters he
would insist on before he would make the commitment. 

Bill met with the Jackie's parents and explained that Jackie would have to live
at his house but that she would be using the basement apartment.  He also
explained that he had taken out the phone and had created an interference screen
around the apartment so Jackie would not be able to contact anyone via the
computer network in his home. 

In other words, Jackie would essentially be in isolation when in the apartment
and could only communicate with Bill via an intercom system.  She would not be
able to leave the apartment without Bill's permission and he would have to open
the door to let her out as he had removed the standard door and had installed a
steel door which could only be opened from his side of the door without a key. 
From the apartment side it took a special electronic key coded only to Bill's
fingerprint.  He also explained that Jackie would be subject to the rules of his
home and that if she violated any of the provisions of her bail requirements or
was unwilling to follow the rules of his house, he would immediately report her
and have her sent back to jail thereby causing the Shorts to lose the cash
deposit as well as their home. 

Although the Shorts had some reservations about these arrangements they were so
anxious to get Jackie out of jail that they agreed and signed a document Bill
had prepared to that effect.   They didn't pay real close attention to all the
provisions of the document so didn't pick up on the fact that Bill could punish
Jackie as he saw fit for any violations of his rules including restricting her
contact with her parents.  Bill told them that he would take good care of Jackie
and that they shouldn't worry.  He wouldn't let her fail in performing all the
necessary requirements.  Bill then met with Jackie and went over the same things
with her and made sure she understood that he was totally responsible for her
behavior when she got out.  He made sure she understood that he would report any
infractions of her bail release provisions and would have her sent back to jail. 
He also explained that if she didn't obey his house rules she would be punished
by Bill.  Jackie agreed and signed the same document, including the punishment
provision that her parents had signed.  The release hearing was then scheduled
for the next morning. 




Chapter Three

(House Rules)

The bail release hearing went as expected.  Bill had brought with him an
attractive bracelet that was locked on Jackie's wrist. This allowed Bill to
track her presence where ever she went.  It also had a small but sensitive
microphone built in which allowed him to monitor everything Jackie said.  This
last capability was not known by anyone but Bill.  There was a good reason for
this which Jackie would soon learn. 

The judge was impressed with the security arrangements Bill had in his home and
was also impressed that the apartment would allow her to have privacy but also
be secure.  The Shorts paid the cash and signed the papers securing the rest of
the bail with title to their home.  Everyone left together and when Jackie got
outside the courthouse, after being allowed to change back into her street
clothes, she took a deep breath and did a little twirling dance.  She laughed
and hugged her mom and dad and Bill.  When they got to the parking lot Jackie
went to get into her parents car but Bill said no she had to ride with him.  He
now had to be within sight or sound of her 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 
Jackie's parents said they would stay within his sight as they drove home so
that Jackie could ride with them.  Bill said he was sorry but that he insisted
she ride with him.  Jackie was mad and the Shorts were very surprised with
Bill's attitude but when he reminded them that they could go right back in and
tell the judge that they had changed their minds and wanted Jackie back in jail,
they grudgingly got in their car while Jackie got into Bills.  Jackie started
complaining to Bill right away about his attitude.  Bill let her whine and
complain for several blocks and finally told her that she had better keep quite
or he would be forced to punish her when they got home.  Jackie looked shocked! 
"Punish me" she said. "What do you mean?  Bill said he would explain when they
got home but in the meantime she needed to be quite.  Jackie sat back in the
seat and sulked the rest of the way home. 

Once they arrived, the Shorts came right over to Bill's house and wanted to talk
with their daughter.  They also wanted her to come have lunch at their house and
promised Bill that they would watch her so he didn't need to worry about what
she was doing.  Bill smiled and again said he didn't think they understood. 
"When I agreed to do this we discussed in detail what the 24/7 sight and sound
provision required.  Jackie will not be out of my sight or sound ever until her
trial.  You and she have both signed an agreement with me that covered this
provision.  I fully intend to honor my part of the agreement and all the
provisions and requirements of the court.  Jackie and I will be glad to come to
your house for lunch or dinner later on but right now I want to get Jackie
settled in her new home and go over the house rules with her.  We will be over
later this afternoon or early evening so she can pick up some clothes and get
her personal hygene things.  With that he took Jackie's arm and escorted her
into his home.  Jackie's parents stood there with shock on their faces.  This
wasn't quite what they had expected and they were now having some serious
misgivings about this arrangement.  Turning around, they slowly walked back
across the yard to their house.

Once inside his house, Bill told Jackie to stop in the middle of the living room
and to wait right there for him.  He then went to the window and watched until
the Shorts had returned to their house.  Bill then went over to Jackie and said
"Jackie, from this point on, I own you.  You will do exactly what I say, when I
say, and how I say.  If you don't, I will see to it that your parents are
destroyed financially, and that you suffer additional charges of bail violation,
and theft.  If you do exactly what I tell you to do and follow all the rules,
accept your punishment for infractions, your life and your parents life will
resume on a more normal course after your trial.  So now it is up to you.  Which
shall it be?"  Jackie was dumbfounded.  This wasn't the "Uncle Bill" she knew. 
This was a stranger.  She was becoming very afraid.  Jackie believed he would do
exactly what he said he would, so she said she would do what he said.  "I do
have one question," she said.  "What do you mean that you own me?"  "Exactly
what I said, I own your body, mind, and soul until your trial.  Now let me show
you your apartment."  They headed for the stairs to the basement.  Once they
were in the basement, Bill showed her through the rec room to a small hall that
led to the new steel door and into the moderate sized bedroom and bathroom
utility apt.  There was a queen size bed an attractive dresser, a dressing
table, bedside table and lamp.  There was also a lounge chair and end table.  It
was a very attractive room and Jackie was surprised with how nice it was.  What
she didn't notice was that once they stepped through the door they were in a
soundproof room.  She also didn't notice the rings, hooks, and rails running
throughout the ceiling and the well hidden cameras that showed every part of the
bedroom and bathroom. 

When they were both in the apt. Bill shut the door and it locked closed.  There
was no way out until Bill pressed his thumb on a key pad next to where a door
handle is usually found.  That was the only way to unlock and open the door. 
Bill showed Jackie where the intercom was located and how to use it.  He then
went over the "house rules".  	

1,  From this moment on you are not allowed to wear any clothes when in this
house except by my permission.

2.  You will follow all my commands or face severe and immediate punishment.

3.  When I enter this room or we are alone, you are to kneel with your knees
widespread and your hands clasped behind your head and elbows back, eyes down.  

4.  You are not allowed to speak or say anything but Yes Master unless given
permission to speak normally.

5.  You are never to try and hide your body or deny me any liberties with your
body. This means that you must be clean shaven from your neck down.  No body
hair to hide your beautiful assets.

"I have written these rules down and they are on the dresser.  I am going to
leave you now to memorize these rules.  When I return I expect to see you naked,
on your knees in the proper position and be able to recite these rules verbatim. 
By the way, the bracelet you are wearing has a microphone in it and I can hear
anything you say.  Once you have conformed to the rules and understand what is
expected of you, we will go over to your house and I will help you pick what
clothes I will allow you to wear in public.  You will not say anything to your
parents about your enslavement or I shall see that they are ruined and you go
back to jail.  Of course I won't call the police until after severely punishing
you for not following orders.  Everything clear?"  Jackie had stood open-mouthed
all through this speech.  She shook her head and tried to talk.  "You...."
SLAP!!  Her head spun sideways and she fell down.  Bill had slapped her hard
enough to turn her head causing her to lose her balance and fall.  She looked up
with tears running down her face.  Her cheek burned and was turning red.  Bill
hoped he hadn't hit her hard enough to cause a bruise as that would complicate
things later when they went to get her clothes.  She started to say something
but when Bill reached down and pulled her up by her hair and got ready to slap
her again she shut her mouth.  "I asked you a question!  Now answer me!"  he
said.  Jackie again started to say something other than what she was supposed to
but this time Bill didn't slap her he just took hold of her nipple and squeezed
as hard as he could.  Jackie had some protection because he had a hold of her
with her blouse and bra acting as some cushion. Even so the pain was terrible
and Jackie screamed and tried to reach up and pull his hand away from her
breast.  Bill brought up his other hand and grabbed the other nipple and the
pain doubled.   She could not get enough of a grip or any leverage on either
hand to stop the terrible pain.  She thought she would faint.  "Again, I asked
you a question and you didn't respond properly.  You also seem to have forgotten
rule 4.  Now let's try again.  Do you understand?"  Sweat had broken out on
Jackie's brow and the terrible pain was reducing to a severe ache so she knew
she wasn't going to faint.  Rule 4, What was rule 4?  Oh yes, Rule 4... No
talking except to say "yes master".  With tears running down her cheeks Jackie
replied "yes master".  Bill immediately let go of her nipples and stepped back a
step.  Jackie reached up to cup her breasts but Bill told her to stop and put
her hands down.  "You will be further punished for trying to stop me from
punishing your tits for your violation of rule 4. 

Every time you attempt to stop me from any action on your body or anytime you
fail to follow my orders, you will be punished.  I will leave now and give you
time to prepare yourself for my return.  Remember I will test you on the rules
and for every mistake you make you will suffer 15 minutes of punishment.  With
that he turned and placed his thumb over the plate and the deadbolt slid back
and the door swung open.  He walked out and shut the door behind him. 

Jackie just stood in the middle of the room and cried.  She put her hands up to
her breasts and tried to rub them lightly to stop the ache but it just made it
worse.  This was a nightmare!!!  She would have been better off to stay in jail! 
Now she was trapped by this madman and if she didn't become his slave and sex
toy he would ruin her family and she would probably spend another few years in
prison.  What a mess.  She finally sat down on the bed and picked up the piece
of paper with the rules written on them.  Jackie wasn't really focusing on the
rules but it looked like she was studying them.  She was really trying to figure
a way out of this dilemma. 

Bill watched and smiled.  It wouldn't take much more to completely break her and
then her training would start in earnest.  What Bill intended to have happen and
what he had planned all along was to make his gorgeous 19 year old neighbor his
personal slave.  Little did the Shorts know of the true perverse nature of the
pleasant and helpful Bill.  All his plans were coming together.  Setting Jackie
up to take the fall for her friends death had been easier than he had expected. 
No one knew that he had found Jackie's stash and traded the cut product with one
that was full strength thereby stopping the heart of anyone taking it.  Everyone
thought it was a tragic accident but the prosecution saw it as murder once they
analyzed the drug.  Everyone knows that drugs have to be cut or serious harm can
occur. 




Chapter 4

(Training Begins)

Bill had planned to give Jackie about 30 minutes to get herself under control
and begin to memorize the rules.  He made himself a drink even though he knew
that if you were going to participate in a BDSM activity alcohol should never be
taken.  As he sipped his glass of wine, he watched Jackie as she explored the
little apartment.  She carefully examined the door and quickly understood that
she would not be able to get it open.  She checked out the bathroom and was
surprised with the attractive decorating that had been done.

In reality the apartment was very well done and Jackie would have been quite
happy to have it as a place to live while waiting for her trial.  But under the
conditions that Bill had set forth she saw it as a very secure prison cell
outfitted like a regular apartment.  She didn't know how long Bill would be gone
but had decided she had better get started on learning the rules before he came
back.  She had also decided that she would not take off her clothes and when she
and Bill went over to her house she would find a way to let her parents know
what was going on.  Jackie was a little nervous about the punishment Bill might
impose but figured that it couldn't be too bad or they would not be able to go
to her house later.  If they didn't, she was sure her parents would come over
here and Bill would be forced to let them see her.  On the other hand she
thought being able to recite the rules might lessen Bill's anger at her refusal
to get naked.  It was a compromise that she hoped would work.  Unfortunately
Jackie didn't know that Bill could see everything she did and knew when she had
made this decision by her actions and facial expressions. 

Bill smiled and said to himself "I was right" she is going to try and fight me." 
Just what I hoped she would do.  He looked at his watch and realized he had
dawdled long enough.  The 30 minutes had stretched to 45 and he knew he needed
to start her training so she would have a clear understanding of the rules
especially when they went over to her house later that evening.  She must be
convinced to cooperate by that time or he would have to begin the destruction of
the Short family.  That was something he really didn't want to do but was ready
to proceed if forced to.

Bill made sure to lock the upstairs doors and then proceeded to the basement and
Jackie's training.  When he got to the door he pushed the intercom button and
told Jackie that he was coming in and she had better be ready to receive him as
instructed.  He activated the small monitor by the door so that he could see
inside before he opened the door.  Jackie was sitting in the overstuffed chair
facing the door and had a determined expression on her face.  She was fully
dressed.  Bill smiled and licked his lips.  This was going to be fun. 

He opened the door and entered the apt.  He closed  the door and made sure it
clicked shut so it was locked and he would be the only one able to open it.  He
looked at Jackie and said, "I see you haven't learned the rules yet."  Jackie
looked up and began to recite the rules verbatim.  When she had finished she
just looked up and smiled.  "See I learned the rules, but I have no intention of
following them or becoming your sex slave.  If you harm me my parents will know
and they will notify the Judge and then you will go to jail.  Bill walked over
to stand in front of the chair and just looked down on Jackie.  "Stand up" he
ordered.  Jackie just shook her head and said "NO".  Bill stepped back a pace
and then began to recite the errors she had made since Bill had entered the
apt..  Did not follow any of the rules which will result in 15 min of punishment
times 5 for a total of one hour and fifteen minutes.  Bill then stepped forward
and reached for Jackie's arm.  She yanked her arm out of his way and tried to
kick him in the balls.  Bill had expected this and turned away from the kick and
grabbed her foot.  He pulled her out of the chair and she tried kicking him with
the other foot.  Bill just laughed.  He was far stronger and agile than many men
20 years younger and easily avoided her kicks.  He twisted her ankle and forced
Jackie to roll over on her stomach.  He then bent her leg up and sat on her ass. 
He reached down and grabbed her other ankle and bent that leg up also.  With
both legs bent at the knee and the heels of her feet being forced into her ass,
Jackie began to scream.  Bill pulled two long sections of rope from his back
pocked and quickly secured her ankles to her butt by tying the rope around her
lower leg and her thighs.  He now had her in the beginnings of a hogtie. 
Without the use of her legs, Jackie began to try and turn over and thrash around
to free herself.  Bill just swung around and grabbed her hair and yanked her
head up.  Jackie tried to beat on his hand and arms to get him to let go of her
hair but he just pulled harder.  "Put your hands behind your back" he ordered. 
Jackie didn't obey immediately and Bill pulled on her hair even harder and
Jackie began to fear that he would break her neck or pull her hair out by the
roots.  The pain was terrible.  He legs, back neck and scalp were now on fire. 
She was bent backwards in a position that the human body was not supposed to be
able to do.  She quickly put her hands behind her back and surrendered.  Bill
released her hair and allowed her to lie back on the floor.  He then fastened a
pair of handcuffs which he had in the other back pocket to Jackie's wrists and
secured them to her ankles.  She was now securely fastened in a moderately tight
hogtie.  Jackie was now crying openly and began to beg Bill to let her go.  Bill
just looked down at her and smiled.  He said, "You will learn to follow the
rules or your stay here will be one of intense and continuing pain."  With that
he began to cut away her clothes with a pocket knife.  He soon had her clothes
in shreds and her body totally naked.  He rolled her onto her side and was
amused by the fact that she was actually blushing because he could now see her
completely nude form.

"This could have been much easier if you had just followed the rules."  Bill
then went to a small setback panel in the wall and pushed a button.

One section of the wall opened and a special cabinet that Bill had built into
the wall was now available.  He withdrew a pair of strong alligator style nipple
clamps and after playing with Jackie's nipples and getting them hard, applied
the clamps.  Jackie screamed and squirmed as much as possible but could not get
away from the awful pain radiating from her tortured nipples.  Next he took some
thin hemp rope and began to wrap it tightly around the base of Jackie's breasts. 
He wrapped it as tight as he could causing her breasts to swell and the blood to
be trapped in them.  They immediately began to turn red and within a very short
time were turning purple.  Jackie was in intense pain.  She thought the nipple
clips were the most excruciating thing she had ever felt but now both her
breasts and nipples were burning and causing severe pain.  She began to beg Bill
to release her breasts and take off the clips.  Bill just laughed and said we
are just getting started.  You have one hour and 15 minutes of punishment due to
your failure to follow the rules.  With that statement Bill walked back to the
hidden cabinet and pushed another button.  A faint whirring could be heard and
then a panel opened in the middle of the ceiling and a thin chain began to
descend.  When it was about three feet from the floor, Bill released the button
and the chain stopped moving down.  Bill grabbed Jackie and carried her to the
chain.  He then went back to the cabinet and got some more of the rough hemp
rope and braided it into Jackie's hair.  He then made a loop in the end of the
rope and attached it to the chain.  Going back to the cabinet he again pushed
the button and this time the chain began to retract into the ceiling.  It began
to pull Jackie up right and eventually she was hanging from her hair.  She began
to beg and scream as the pain continued to build.   Bill then took a timer from
the cabinet and walked back to Jackie as she hung in the middle of the room.  He
told her that she still had a little over an hour to go on her punishment and
that he would be back then to see if she was ready to follow the rules.  He set
the timer for one hour and five minutes then walked to the door and pressed his
thumb against the panel walking out when the door opened.  He closed the door
and went upstairs.  He turned on the monitor upstairs and watched as Jackie
swung from her hair while being hogtied, and her breasts being tortured.  She
was whimpering and screaming and begging and promising anything if he would only
let her down and remove the breast restraints and nipple clips.  Bill made
himself a drink and sat to watch her torment.  He was sure that by the end of
the hour Jackie would be very compliant.  The first phase of her training was
underway.

Chapter 4b

(the next phase- pain and pleasure)

Jackie was sure she was going to die before the hour was up.  She prayed she
would faint or pass out or something but she didn't.  She just kept suffering. 
As the time went on her scalp felt like it was on fire and she was sure she
would end up being scalped before she was let down.  Her arms and legs were
cramping from the strain of the hogtie and her breasts felt like they were going
to explode.  She just knew that this crazy old man was going to permanently
damage her body.  The other thing she knew was that at least for now she was
going to try to do anything he told her.  She didn't want any more of this kind
of punishment.  She was sure that her parents would see that something was wrong
and would discover her predicament and free her.  She just had to convince Bill
that she was going to be a good slave so they could go over to her parents house
later in the evening.

Jackie didn't hear the door open so was surprised when Bill stepped in front of
her and asked "ready to end your punishment?"  "Yes Master" she replied as best
she could through her mountain of pain.  "Very good, your punishment time is
about up.  Just a few more minutes and I will release you " he said.  Bill went
over to the cabinet after checking the timer and got ready to lower Jackie to
the floor.  When the timer went off he pushed the button and Jackie began her
descent.  When the pressure was off her hair and her body was again lying on the
floor, Jackie was surprised that her scalp was still hurting and the burning
sensation didn't go away.  The pain wasn't as bad but her scalp still burned and
ached.  Bill came over and removed the clips from her nipples.  They had almost
gone completely numb but when the clips came off there was a prickling sensation
and sharp pains started shooting through her nipples.  Bill then released Jackie
from the hogtie.  As soon as the pressure was off her legs and arms and she
tried to move them back to a normal position she screamed with the pain of that
effort.  She was now laying on her back with her bound breasts sticking straight
up and almost black in color with the trapped blood.  Bill let her adjust to her
new position and waited for the pain in her arms and legs to recede before he
began to unbind her breasts.  After a few minutes, Jackie could control her arms
and legs but it still hurt somewhat when she moved them.  Bill assured her that
by the time they went over to her parents house she would be able to move them
freely without much pain.  They would be a little sore and might ache some but
she should be able to move normally.  Bill knew that when he released her
breasts, Jackie was going to feel greater pain that she had yet experienced. 
When the blood was released from her breasts and rushed out and new blood rushed
in, the pain would spike and she might even pass out.  He was ready for such an
eventuality.  He decided she wouldn't be able to tolerate both breasts being
released at the same time so he started with her left one.  He untied the hemp
rope and quickly unwound it from her breast.  When the pressure was released
Jackie began to scream and thrash around on the floor.  "Oh my God!!!" She
screamed.  "It hurts so bad.  Please make it stop.  She tried to gently rub it
but it was so sensitive that just made the pain worse.  Expecting the pain to
begin to recede quickly she realized that it seemed to be getting worse.  She
just knew that some permanent damage had been done and she was probably going to
lose her breasts.  As the pain built and she thrashed and screamed, Bill stepped
back and moved the chair out of the way.  Finally Jackie passed out for a minute
or two and when she finally came around the worst of the pain had gone and now
her breast just ached terribly and she couldn't tolerate anything touching it. 
When Bill came over to release the other one she begged him to give her
something to help with the pain but Bill just told her that this was all part of
the punishment.  She started to raise her hands to stop Bill from undoing the
right breast but remembered the rules and quickly lowered her hand.  She pleaded
with her eyes and hoped he would relent on the rules this time as she realized
she had broken another of the rules by speaking words other than "yes master". 
Bill also knew that but under the circumstances and since this was her first
experience with real pain he planned to ignore these infractions.  As her
training proceeded, he would not be so lenient.  All infractions would result in
punishment.  Bill released the right breast and Jackie suffered the excruciating
pain again.  She again screamed, thrashed around for a short period and passed
out.  When she came around this time she found herself being lowered into a nice
warm bath.  Bill gently lowered her into the water and eased her tortured
breasts slowly into the water.  Jackie screwed up her eyes in a little pain as
the warm water enveloped her breasts but surprisingly the pain quickly went away
and Jackie was finally free of pain.  She had been in constant pain for almost
two hours.  She didn't have any energy and just let Bill do what he wanted with
her body.  He gently began to wash her all over.  When he began shampooing her
hair, Jackie moaned as her scalp was still very tender and washing her hair
caused the pain to return.  Bill worked on her hair as gently as possible but
wanted to be sure he got it squeaky clean.  Jackie was a little embarrassed but
made no effort to stop Bill when he began to wash her vagina and rectum. 

He was gentle but made sure to clean both areas well.  He then emptied the dirty
water but made Jackie stay in the tub.  He began to refill the tub with water
and increased the temperature little by little until it was steaming.  By doing
it this way Jackie's body slowly adjusted to the hot water and all her muscles
began to relax.  Bill then began to massage her arms, legs, and breasts to speed
the blood flow and reduce the muscle pains from her earlier ordeal.   Although
her breasts were very tender this treatment reduced the swelling and helped make
them less sensitive.  She thought she could probably even tolerate a bra now. 
Oh my God she thought.  Bill cut up the only clothes I had here.  I wonder how
he plans to get around this problem.  Maybe he made a mistake already.  She had
the beginnings of a smile when she felt Bill begin to gently caress her sex
under the water.  She opened her eyes wide and looked up at him. He just smiled
and said, "relax and enjoy I won't hurt you.  I am going to give you pleasure
like you have never had before."  Jackie was so embarrassed but Bill knew just
how to arouse a woman and before long Jackie was moaning not in pain but in
sheer pleasure.  Bill was true to his words.  He seemed to know just where every
pleasure nerve was located and caressed, teased, pinched and rubbed them in a
way Jackie had never experienced with her younger lovers.  Bill brought her up
to the point of climax three or four times but wouldn't let her go over the
edge.  He would back off just enough to keep her from cuming but not enough to
let her come clear down.  After keeping her on the edge for about thirty minuets
and just before Jackie broke a rule by pleading to cum, Bill worked his whole
hand into her cunt and inserted a finger in her asshole.  Bill's fist pressed on
her G spot and his finger in her ass massaged the lining between the two
channels.  Jackie had never felt such ecstasy and exploded in an orgasm of
unbelievable force.  It lasted nearly a minute and when Bill removed his fist
and finger she had several strong after shocks.  Bill then let Jackie just soak
in the hot water and went out into the other room. Later he told her to get out
of the tub and dry herself off and come into the bedroom.  Jackie lay soaking in
the tub for a few more minutes and tried to get her head around what she was
feeling now.  She was confused.  She hated what Bill was doing to her, but she
had never had such a powerful orgasm and Bill had been very gentle with her
after the punishment time.  Jackie knew she should still be angry at Bill but
after this last treatment couldn't generate any anger.  She got up from the tub,
dried herself off and went into the bedroom.  Bill was sitting in the chair and
watched her come into the room.  Would she remember the rules and present
herself as she was supposed to.  Bill hoped so as he didn't really want to
punish her again so soon but would if she didn't follow the rules. 

Jackie looked around and saw Bill sitting in the chair.  She wondered what was
next. She started to walk towards him and then remembered the rules.  She
quickly dropped to to her knees and crawled over in front of his chair. She
moved her knees wide apart, sat up straight and put her hands behind her head
pulling her shoulders and arms back to present her breast to Bill.  Bill smiled
and said "good girl." "There are just a couple of other things we need to clear
up before going over to your parents house.  From now on you don't have breasts,
vagina or rectum.  They are called tits, cunt and ass.  If you refer to them in
any other way you will receive 15 minutes of punishment.  Do you understand?" 
"Yes master" Jackie responded.  "When we go over to your parents house you must
act as if everything is good here.  You will describe your apartment but will
make no reference to the house rules.  You will invite your parents over for
dinner on Saturday night and will cook it upstairs.  You will show them the
apartment and how the intercom works and will do everything you can to assure
them that this arrangement will work out until the trial.  If you can do this
successfully, you will be rewarded.  Should you fail in convincing them that
everything is OK, I will see that they lose their house and you will be severely
punished before I call the police and tell them you violated your bail
conditions and must go back to Jail.  Do you understand?"  "Yes master, she
replied and decided she must do this to protect her family.  Also when Bill
isn't angry or punishing me it has been very pleasant.  What is the matter with
me she thought.  I should be trying to figure a way out of this but that orgasm
shattered my resolve.  Well the first thing I have to do is convince my parents
that this arrangement will work out and reassure them that I will be alright.  I
hope I will be.




Chapter 5

(the visit)

Bill watched Jackie hold the position for a few minutes and when he began to
sense her fatigue and that it was becoming an effort for her to maintain the
position told her to relax.  She could put her hands down and sit back on her
heels.  She was to keep her knees spread but could relax her upper body.  Jackie
sighed and let her hands and arms drop to her side.  She looked up at Bill and
said thank you with her eyes.  Bill got up and went over to the regular closet
where he removed a pair of designer sweats.  They were a light green and
complimented Jackie's complexion.  They were very soft and when Bill told her to
put them on, Jackie hastened to obey.  They didn't irritate her sensitive tits
and felt very good on her body.  Her nipples got hard and pushed out the
material around them.  Bill looked at her and said that this would be her
typical outfit while wearing anything in the house.  Bill then gave Jackie
permission to speak.  Jackie said "thank you master"  Am I to wear this outfit
to my parents?"  "Yes you are. You are to tell them they are a gift from me and
you really find them comfortable."  Jackie then asked if she would be allowed to
wear a bra and panties.  Bill said "no.  These shall be the only covering
allowed at this time.  Your days of wearing a bra and panties are over.  "What
if my parents, especially my mom notices that I am naked underneath this
outfit?"  "If she should ask, you will tell her that the material feels so good
you wanted to experience the feeling all over your body."  Jackie was a little
shocked that Bill wanted her to tell her mom that she wasn't wearing any
underwear because it felt so good not to.  She wasn't sure how her mom would
react.  It was nearing 5:00 p.m. so Bill had Jackie call her home and ask when
the Shorts wanted them over for dinner.  Jackie called and her dad said dinner
would be ready around 6:00 p.m.  Jackie thanked him and said they would be there
by 6:00.  She hung up the phone and Bill told her she did a good job with that
call.  He told Jackie that after dinner they would go to her room and he would
pick out the clothes she could bring over here to wear outside.  "You can't wear
the sweat suit all the time so you will need a few other outfits.  I will pick
them for you.  In no case can you wear any underwear.  I will choose several
sets of underwear and once we are back here I will take them and put them away
for safe keeping.  (Little did Jackie know that she would never wear
undergarments again.)  With these directions and understandings, they went over
to the Short residence a little before 6:00 p.m. 

When Bill rang the doorbell Jack answered and welcomed them in.  He gave his
daughter a kiss and looked quizzical when he realized she wasn't wearing a bra
under the sweat shirt.  Jackie just gave him a dazzling smile and asked her dad
if he liked her new outfit.  Jack said "it looks really great on you!"  Jackie
smiled and said "thank you.  Bill gave it to me as a reward for getting out of
jail."  Jack looked at Bill and said "thank you for thinking of Jackie."  Bill
just smiled and said "a third party guardian has great responsibilities and I
thought it only fair to provide Jackie with something much nicer than prison
garb even though it may feel like a prison to her having to stay at my place in
a secure apt. in my basement. 

Just then Melody, Jackie's mother came in from the kitchen and gave her daughter
a kiss and had the same reaction Jack did to finding she wasn't wearing a bra. 
She looked askance of her daughter and Jackie asked Bill if she could help her
mother in the kitchen with dinner.  Bill acted like he wasn't sure this would be
OK.  He again repeated that he was supposed to be in sight or sound of Jackie at
all times.  Jack laughed and said we can fix that.  He then went to an intercom
unit and dialed up the kitchen.  He told Melody to go to the kitchen and start
talking.  Melody did as told and Bill could hear every word she spoke.  Bill
smiled and told Jackie that she could go help her mother but she was to remember
the rules about using the phone writing notes etc. without Bill's explicit
knowledge and approval.  He also reminded Melody about their agreement and that
she shouldn't jeopardize her daughters bail by encouraging her to do things that
she shouldn't.  Melody glared at Bill and said "do you really think I would do
anything or allow my daughter to do anything that would send her back to jail?" 
Bill smiled and said "maybe not on purpose but if both of you are not careful of
your conversations one or the other might unthinkingly do something that would
violate the bail provisions.  I was just warning Jackie to be careful so she
isn't the one or I won't be able to help her."  "Oh" Melody replied and then led
Jackie into the kitchen.  Jack offered Bill a drink and when Bill said a glass
of wine would be nice, Jack poured him a generous glass of a good Merlot he had. 

Once in the kitchen, Melody motioned Jackie to be silent and produced a pad and
pencil.  She wrote "lets talk this way for a bit.  I need to know what is going
on over there."  Jackie got very nervous.  She knew if she wrote anything down
and Bill found out, he would ruin her parents and send her back to jail after a
terrible punishment.  Yet she also knew she had to convince her mother that
everything was all right.  Jackie spoke up and said "What are you preparing?  Is
that the recipe on the counter?" Her mom looked at her funny and then realized
that Jackie was talking for Bill's benefit.  She said "yes that is the recipe." 
Jackie picked up the piece of paper and said "you didn't write the name of the
recipe on it.  Here let me do it."  She then quickly wrote, "everything is fine. 
We can talk openly.  I am only afraid that if I do anything that looks like a
violation of my bail requirements I will be sent back to jail and you and dad
will loose the house.   Please don't try to get me to do anything I am not
supposed to.  If a problem develops, I will find a way to let you know.  So far
Bill has been very nice and the apt. is very nice.  The only bad thing is that
once I am in it and the door closes I am locked in.  Bill explained that is so
he will be able to sleep and not have to worry about me trying to escape.  He
can also monitor all conversations via the intercom so he is meeting the
obligations of the 24/7 sight or sound.  Now find me a recipe quickly that I can
write on in case Bill comes in.  If he catches us doing this I will go back to
jail and you will lose the house.  Melody quickly pulled a recipe out of her
recipe box and handed it to Jackie.  Jackie quickly made a note on it so if Bill
came into the kitchen everything looked like it should.  Melody wanted badly to
ask Jackie why she wasn't wearing a bra but with the intercom on she didn't want
to have that conversation where Bill could hear.  Jackie began helping her
mother prepare the rest of the meal. 

Bill knew that Melody was trying to communicate with Jackie without him hearing
but based on how Jackie responded was confident that she was doing what she was
supposed to.  Just to be sure, Bill walked into the kitchen on the pretense that
he wanted to get a glass of water.  When he entered Melody gave a start and
tried to cover up the notepad that was lying on the counter by the phone.  Bill
asked for a glass of water and Jackie quickly got him a drink.  Bill walked over
to Melody and asked to see the notepad.   Jack had come in to the kitchen and
asked if anything was wrong.  Melody and Jackie had turned pale when Bill asked
to see the notepad.  Melody said, "No nothings wrong and tried to move the pad
away from Bill.  Bill said "Melody, were you trying to write messages that you
didn't want me as third party guardian to see?"  Jack looked stricken.  "What
did you do Melody?"  Bill looked at the pad and what was written on it.  "It
seems Melody tried to get Jackie to violate some of the rules she is supposed to
live by while in my custody."  Bill tore off the notes and stuck them in his
pocket.  He looked and Jackie and said, "lucky for you that you responded
appropriately to your mothers efforts to circumvent our agreement and the
provisions of your bail otherwise I would be forced to contact the police to
come get you.  He turned to Melody and said, "under the circumstances I think we
had better leave now.  Jack, I'll see you tomorrow and we will work out some
kind of visitation schedule with you and your daughter. Since Melody has shown
herself to not be trustworthy I am going to have to cancel dinner tomorrow at my
home and restrict her from being with Jackie alone from now on.  If that is not
satisfactory with you, I will be forced to let the police know I cannot fulfill
my duties and Jackie will have to go back to jail."  All three of the Shorts
looked stunned at Bill's reaction.  Jackie started to say something but the look
Bill gave her made her change her mind.  She could see that if she tried to say
another word Bill would probably punish her when they got back to his house. 
Jack tried to argue with Bill but to no avail.  Melody began crying and promised
not to try anything again but Bill just said sorry and began to escort Jackie
out of the house.  What could have been a nice evening was turning into a
disaster for the Shorts.  Jack and Melody didn't understand Bill's hard stand. 
He was acting entirely different than what they had come to expect.  Once Bill
and Jackie had left, Jack turned on Melody and said, "what the hell have you
done?"  Melody was crying and tried to tell Jack that all she tried to do was
have a private conversation with Jackie.  She didn't think she did anything
wrong and Jackie told her that Bill was treating her good and that the apt was
nice.  It was all very innocent!"  Jack just shook his head and said, "all you
had to do was ask her out loud instead of trying to hide communications with
Jackie which is a violation of her bail provisions.  She is not to communicate
with anyone without Bill's knowledge and supervision.  I will talk to Bill
tomorrow and see if I can get him to relent on allowing you more access to
Jackie.  I am sure he will soften up some once a routine is established and he
is convinced that we and Jackie have no intention of violating her bail
provisions."  Melody knew her husband was right and just hoped that Bill would
relax some but she wasn't sure he would anymore.  He wasn't acting like the
person they thought he was. 

Once Bill and Jackie entered Bill's home, Bill stopped Jackie just inside the
door and told her to remove her sweats.  Jackie stopped but gave Bill a pleading
look but it did no good.  Jackie pulled the sweat shirt over her head and then
removed the pants.  She stood there nude and had turned a little sideways to try
and hide herself.  Bill just shook his head and said, "Rule 5, what is it?" 
Jackie turned white but correctly recited it. "You now have earned 15 minutes of
punishment.  It is a shame because I was going to reward you for your actions at
your parents home."  Jackie lowered her eyes and said "Yes Sir." Bill led Jackie
down to her room and once they entered had Jackie stand in the middle of the
room.  He then activated the panel that opened the hidden cabinet and removed a
collar with rings in the front and back, wrist and ankle cuffs and a pair of
nipple clamps.  He placed the collar and cuffs on Jackie and then made her play
with her nipples until they were hard.  He then placed the nipple clamps on her
and she hissed as they tightened on her tender nipples.  At least this time they
were not alligator clips but Bill tightened them down until tears were rolling
down Jackie's cheeks.  He then had Jackie kneel and fastened her wrist cuffs to
her ankle cuffs.  Left to right and right to left.  That placed her in a very
uncomfortable position in a partial hogtie position.  Bill then lowered the
chain and attached it to the back of her collar.  He raised the chain until
Jackie's neck was stretched taunt and she was near strangling.  With her wrists
fastend to her ankles, she couldn't straighten up which increased the tension on
her neck and restricted her breathing.  Bill then placed clamps on her pussy
lips and taped them to her thighs thereby opening up her cunt.  He next put a
clamp on her clit and tightend it down until Jackie began to cry out and finally
to scream and plead for Bill to loosen it up.  Bill said sorry but this is
punishment and it must hurt to be effective.  He then set the timer for 15
minutes and left the apt.  Jackie was again in severe pain.  She had to remember
the rules and she must immediately do what Bill commanded.  She vowed not to
forget again.  When the timer went off, Bill returned and released Jackie.  The
pain again came in waves as he released the clamps and the blood returned to the
clamped and tortured flesh.  Bill took Jackie upstairs and had her eat the
chicken salad he had prepared while she was being punished.  He also gave her a
glass of wine.  It was now near 9:00 pm so Bill told Jackie to go to bed.  He
escorted her to her apt. and locked her in.  Bill then went to his room and
turned on the monitor so he could watch Jackie as she got ready for bed.  He
would have to let her get some of her things tomorrow.  All in all the day
turned out quite well he thought.  Melody had done just what he thought she
would and it gave him an excuse to isolate Jackie even more from her parents. 
Things were progressing nicely.




Chapter 6

(The next morning)

Bill woke up around 6:00 a.m. and checked on Jackie via the monitor.  She was
still sound asleep.  Bill began preparing a breakfast for them and also set up a
schedule for Jackie.  He wanted to make sure she stayed in good physical shape. 
He also decided to push the envelope a little more on her training as a sex
slave.  She would be required to do a certain amount of household chores each
morning.  Of course she would have to do this while nude and all of the curtains
in the front of the house would be open so anyone walking along the sidewalk
could see in and see her.  Bill knew this would create a little risk but wanted
to get Jackie used to following directions even if it embarrassed her and
particularly if it was something she really didn't want to do.  She had to learn
that Bill was in charge and when he made decisions regarding her, they were to
be obeyed. She had no control over her life at this point. 

About 7:00 a.m. the phone rang and when Bill answered it was Jack.  He asked
Bill if he might reconsider his decision of the night before as Melody really
wanted to see her daughter and spend some time with her.  She also wanted Jackie
to help her with some of the yard work since she wouldn't be able to do any work
for pay while out on bail due to the court restrictions.  Bill told Jack that he
was sorry but he would not change his mind at this time.  If Melody could show
by her behavior that she could follow directions and not try to circumvent the
court provisions in the future, Bill might be willing to back off his decision.  
Jack asked, "how long before you would believe that Melody wouldn't try a stunt
like last night?"  Bill said, "If Melody can follow the rules as described and
the additional provisions that I have imposed over the next two weeks, I will
consider allowing her to have more contact with Jackie.  This reminds me, Jackie
and I plan to come over right after lunch so Jackie can pick up some clothes and
personal items to have here.  If Melody can plan to be gone during that time it
will be a step in convincing me she can follow the requisite rules.  Let me know
if I will need to be on guard or if she will leave the house for at least an
hour while we are there."  Jack said, "I'll let her know and have her call you
back with an answer."  With that he hung up and Bill went to see if Jackie was
awake yet. 

Jackie was awake and in the bathroom caring for her morning rituals.  Bill
smiled, as he knew she would be horribly embarrassed if she knew he was watching
her taking care of her bodily functions and examining her breasts and genitals. 
She also spent a little time caressing herself but not to the point of orgasm. 
She then went to the intercom and pushed the page button letting Bill know she
was awake.  Bill responded and told her he would be down when he had finished
getting breakfast ready.  He then finished the preparations for a light
breakfast of cereal, juice and coffee.  Just as he prepared to go down and get
Jackie, the phone rang.  It was Melody.  She was crying again and began to beg
Bill to let her see Jackie today.  Bill asked if she had gotten the message from
Jack regarding his request for her to be gone after lunch for an hour.  She
sobbingly said yes but that she promised to be good and not talk about anything
she wasn't supposed to and that Bill could be there the whole time if she was
allowed to stay and visit with her daughter.  Bill again said no and that if she
was unwilling to leave the house when they came over, she had to be out of site
and not attempt to talk to her daughter.  Bill reminded her that she was
responsible for this problem by trying to circumvent the rules of the 24/7 sight
or sound provisions.  Melody gave up and said she would go grocery shopping at
1:00 p.m. and be sure she was gone for a full hour.  Bill also reminded her that
she was not to try and leave any notes or correspondence for her daughter and if
she did Bill would be forced to assume Melody had no intention of following the
court or his orders.  That would mean that Jackie would most likely have to go
back to jail.  Melody promised and said goodbye while under her breath she
called Bill a "Bastard". Bill smiled to himself and thought you don't know the
half of it! 

He then went down to get Jackie.  When Bill opened the door, Jackie was kneeling
in the prescribed position.  Bill smiled and said, "very good.  You may get up
and come with me upstairs."  Jackie looked a little alarmed and said, "Can't I
have a robe or put on something while upstairs?"

Bill replied, you know the rules, no clothes in this house nor speaking unless I
give you permission.  I have not given you permission. You have earned yourself
15 min of punishment by speaking without permission."  Jackie blanched and then
hesitatingly followed Bill upstairs and into the kitchen.  Bill directed her to
one of the snack bar stools and placed a glass of juice and a bowl of cereal in
front of her.  He asked her if she wanted coffee and if she needed cream and
sugar.  Jackie said "yes Master" and told him she drank coffee with lots of
cream and a little sugar.  Bill gave her a cup of coffee and let her pour in the
cream and add sugar.  As Jackie perched on the high bar stool she unconsciously
crossed her legs and brought her elbows in close to her body to shield her tits
some.  Bill knew this was an unconscious act but also knew he had to make her
pay attention to what her body was doing and change her habits to conform to his
rules.  Bill came around the counter and suddenly reached out and grabbed
Jackie's nipples with both hands and squeezed hard.  Jackie let out a yelp and
started to grab Bill's hands.  Just as she touched his wrists she remembered
rule #5.  She immediately raised her hands and put them behind her head.  Tears
were rolling down her cheeks because of the pain radiating from her poor tits. 
She quickly asked in a subservient tone, " Master, what have I done?  Why am I
being punished?"  Bill replied, "this is not punishment.  It is a reminder of
your position and to reinforce the fact that you must always be aware of what
your body is doing and how it is being presented.  You are not allowed to cross
your legs when sitting and your arms must never shield your tits.  I must be
able to see all of your body at all times and it must always be available to me. 
Do you understand?"  "Yes Master" hissed Jackie through her pain.  Bill
immediately released her nipples and stepped back around the counter.  Jackie
breathed a sigh of relief and made sure her legs were open and her arms did not
conceal any portion of her tits.  Bill told her she had added another 15 minutes
to her punishment time for talking without permission.  He instructed her to
hurry and eat so they could move on to the next item on his training agenda. 
Jackie looked up a little fearfully and replied, "Yes Master."  Bill went on to
say "you have to learn your place in my home and what I expect.  You are gong to
serve as my personal sex slave and servant until your trial.  I thought you
understood that from your indoctrination yesterday.  

Jackie shuddered, at the memory and lowered her eyes and did not say a word. 
She immediately attacked her breakfast and in a short while had finished it all. 

Bill then took her by the arm and led her to the living room.  The drapes were
wide open and anyone walking by on the sidewalk could look in and see her. 
"Assume the position," Bill ordered.  Jackie immediately dropped to her knees,
spread them wide apart and put her hands behind her head and pulled her elbows
back. "Here is the schedule you will follow every day unless I dictate
differently," Bill said.  He then pulled out a sheet of paper and began to read
the schedule.  "Every morning after breakfast you will go to the living room and
place the exercise tape in the player and proceed to follow the exercises for
the next 30 minutes.  After your exercise period you will return to the kitchen
and clean it up.  When the kitchen is spotless you will then makeup my bed and
pick up the bedroom. Every two days you will do the laundry and place clean
sheets on my bed and yours.  You will dust in each room and insure the house is
spotless.  This must all be done before lunch.  You are also responsible for
fixing lunch and dinner each day.  You may have one 15 minute break in the
morning.  I will inspect the house each day at 12:00 noon sharp.  If it does not
meet my expectations I will add  15 minutes of punishment time.  You may use
this sheet of paper until the chores become routine.  You have permission to
talk now.  Do you have any questions?" 

Jackie had paid close attention and thought to herself that this didn't sound
too bad and was much different than what she expected.  She was a worried about
doing all this while naked and asked Bill if she could at least wear some shorts
and a sports bra while exercising. Bill just smiled and shook his head no.  "I
want to be able to watch your body move and your tits bounce as you do the
exercises.  I am sure that some of the exercises will be uncomfortable with your
tits bouncing around but I expect you to give 100% effort in all of them.  If I
think you do not, I will add 15 minutes of punishment for each perceived
infraction."  Jackie replied, "I understand."  Bill then produced the video tape
and put it in the player.  He sat down in his recliner and watched as Jackie
began to follow the directions and exercises on the tape.  At the end of the 30
minutes, Jackie was sweating heavily and her tits were aching due to the
bouncing they did throughout the exercises.  She was very conscious of her body
odor and the sweat that was dropping off her body onto the carpet.  The regimen
was designed to last for 30 minutes exactly and when the tape ended Jackie
leaned over and put her hands on her knees and tried to get her breathing under
control.  Bill sat in the recliner and wondered when Jackie would realize she
needed to get into the "position".  After a few minutes Jackie's breathing
slowed to normal and she stood upright and moved in front of Bill's recliner and
then assumed the position.  Bill smiled and complimented her on her performance
but said it took her too long to get into position.  He would be lenient this
time but in the future she needed to assume the position immediately on
finishing the exercises.  "Yes Master" Jackie replied.  She was thankful that he
didn't add another 15 minutes to her punishment time. She already had
accumulated 30 minutes and she didn't know when he would impose this on her. 
Bill said, "It is now time for you to start your housecleaning chores.  At 12:00
noon you will prepare a lunch for us and then at 1:00 we will go over to your
house and pick up a few things for you."  Jackie looked to Bill for a clue as to
how she was to leave for the kitchen and the first of the chores.  She really
wanted to shower and clean up but knew that Bill wouldn't allow that.  The
schedule didn't allow for her needs just the things Bill wanted done each day. 
As she looked at Bill for direction he smiled down on her as he knew she wanted
to ask how she was to leave the living room.  He just waited to see what she
would do.  Would she stand up and walk out or would she crawl to the kitchen and
standup once she was out of Bill's presents?  Jackie thought about it for a few
seconds and then decided that she had better crawl to the kitchen.  That was
more in line with what she thought Bill would want a slave to do.   She knew she
would have to be alert for Bill's presents so she could immediatly assume "the
position" when he was in the room.  She began to crawl and Bill just chuckled
and said,"smart girl". 

Bill didn't worry about being with Jackie as she began her housekeeping chores. 
With the tracker bracelet and the microphone he knew where she was at all times. 
Bill went out to his garage and began working on a special punishment apparatus. 
It wasn't actually a chair as much as it was a v shaped bar that widened for
hips to set in and was sharp and narrow in the front.  It also had a smooth 6
inch dildo built into it that went up the persons ass as they sat on the
apparatus.  The dildo was about 1 3/4 inches around so it was not huge but would
still be uncomfortable.  It could be unscrewed and a different one screwed on as
needed.  The front portion was very narrow and would put significant pressure on
the pubic bone and clit of the woman sitting on it.  The persons legs would be
held out at an uncomfortable angle to ensure that most of their weight would
rest on their cunt.  Within a few minutes of being strapped to the apparatus,
the person would begin to suffer increasing pain as their weight bore down on
their cunt and the sharp edge.  If too much time was spent on the device, it
might actually begin to cut into the cunt and some bleeding would occur.  Bill
didn't know how much time that would take but he figured that before too long he
would find out as Jackie spent more and more time on it for punishment.  Of
course this wasn't the only thing that was going to be used to punish Jackie but
it was going to be one of the main implements of punishment. After he finished
up with his torture device, Bill went back into the house to see how Jackie was
doing.  It was near 11:00 and he figured she should be in the dusting phase by
now.  As he walked from the garage to the house he saw Melody out working in her
flower beds.  She glanced up and then turned away from Bill.  He just smiled as
he stopped and watched her weed the garden.  She was wearing a pair of light tan
shorts and a blouse that was tied just under her tits.  This left a lot of the
slim bare tummy showing and the blouse outlined her tits very well.  She was
wearing a bra but still her tits were impressive.  As he watched her for a few
minutes he began to get hard and a new thought came into his mind. Maybe he
could control Melody as well as Jackie by using Jackie as the lever to force
Melody into his service as well.  He would have to think about that. 

Jackie had crawled to the kitchen and once there had started on the dishes. 
There was an apron hanging on the end of the towl rack and without thinking,
Jackie put it on to keep the hot water from splashing on her bare skin.  She
quickly cleaned up the kitchen and then moved to Bill's bedroom.  It was a mess.
He had just thrown his dirty clothes in a pile and hadn't made the bed for days
it looked like.  She stripped the bed and picked up all his clothes, put them in
a laundry hamper she found in his bathroom and straightened out the room.  It
took her almost an hour to get the bedroom cleaned up but she felt she had done
a good job and moved on to the dusting.  She found a dust rag and some furniture
polish in the storage closet off the kitchen.  She started in the living room
since that was the room that anyone walking by outside might be able to look in
and see her.  She quickly cleaned it up and dusted everything.  She polished the
dining room table and all the end tables as well.  She then moved about the
other rooms dusting and polishing wherever needed.  She had just finished all
the dusting and had moved to the kitchen to begin preparing lunch when Bill came
in the back door and entered the kitchen.  She immediatly fell to her knees, her
knees widespread and her hands locked behind her head with her elbows back. 
Everything should have been fine except for one little thing.  She forgot she
had been wearing the apron and now it covered her cunt and upper legs.  Bill
stopped and looked at Jackie and come forward just as she realized what she had
done.  She was frantically trying to remove the apron when Bill stood in front
of her.  "Who gave you permission to wear an apron?" Bill roared.  Jackie didn't
know how to respond.  Bill had not given her permission to talk and she couldn't
answer the question without talking.  "Yes Master" was not an appropriate
response.  She looked up and tried to put the question in her eyes but remained
silent.  Bill secretely was pleased that she didn't respond but again asked the
question.  At the end he said she could speak.  "No one Master.  I found it on
the towl rack and used it to protect me from the hot water as I cleaned the
kitchen.  I just forgot to take it off.  It won't happen again!"  Bill looked at
her with disappointment in his eyes.  "That will add another 15 min. of
punishement he said.  He then told Jackie to get up and finish getting lunch
ready.  He made a note that she now had 45 min. of punishment coming.  If it
went too much over an hour and a half he would have to mete it out over several
sessions.  He was hoping he could do it with just one session a day but at the
rate she was adding them up that might not be possible.  As Jackie finished
getting lunch ready, Bill inspected the house.  For a first attempt it was very
good and Bill was pleased.  Of course he couldn't let Jackie know that yet and
in fact there were some spots she missed in the study so she would have to be
punished for that. 

After they ate the lunch, Bill took Jackie to the study and showed her where she
had missed dusting two of the book shelves.  Jackie looked crestfallen.  She had
tried so hard to make sure she had done a good job but she had missed the top
two book shelves somehow.  She didn't say anything but just looked down.  Bill
said that since this was her first day he wouldn't add up the two shelves but
only count it as one offense since they were both in the same room.  But he
said, "you now have 1 hour of punishment coming."  Jackie just responded with
"Yes Master." 

It was just after 1:00 p.m. when Bill directed Jackie to put on her sweats and
they would go get some of her things.  Jackie quickly went to her room leaving
the door open and dressed in her sweats.  Then she and Bill went over to her
house.  When they came to the front door there was a note tacked on the door. 
Bill quickly read it over and smiled.  He opened the door and asked Jackie to
lead him to her bedroom.  She led him down a hall to the last room on the left. 
When he opened the door he knew he was in a girls room.  It had all the "stuff"
teenagers accumulate.  Bill went right to her closet and began pulling clothes
out and throwing them on the floor.  He kept about 1 in 5 items and once he had
everything out he told Jackie she could keep the ones he had given her.  He then
went to the dresser and did the same thing.  She was allowed to keep only three
pairs of shorts and three lightweight blouses that were semi-transparent.  He
also chose several sexy pairs of panties and two or three bras that he told her
to take as well.  Then he instructed Jackie to pick up everything and put it
back where it belonged.  She looked at the mess in the middle of her room and
shook her head.  Why did he have to make such a mess. He could have just gone
through the things leaving the ones he didn't want me to wear and there wouldn't
be a mess.  Bill knew just what she was thinking but this was just one more duty
she had to do in her training.  It didn't matter what Bill wanted or if there
was a better way to do something, if Bill said to do it she would do it.  She
picked up her things and began putting them away.

When she was finished, Bill gave her the clothes she could take to his house and
they left the Shorts home.  They had just gotten back into Bill's house when
Melody drove up.  She was a little concerned that Jackie and Bill might still be
in the house so she carefully opened the door and yelled in.  "Anyone home?,"she
asked.  When she didn't hear a reply she entered and immediatly went to Jackies
room.  It didn't look any different than when she left.  She assumed that they
hadn't come since she couldn't tell if anything was missing.  She assumed that
Jackie would take most of her clothes and especially her underthings and socks
etc.  They still seemed to all be here.  She went to the phone and called Billl. 
When Bill answered she asked if they had come to get Jackie's things.  Bill told
her they had. She was a little confused she said as there didn't seem to be
anything mising from Jackie's room.  Bill just laughed and said they had only
taken a few things at this time as there wasn't a lot of room for clothes in the
studio apartment.  If Jackie needed anything else they would come get it at that
time.  Melody then asked Bill if she could please see and visit with Jackie. 
Bill told her again that would not be possible for at least two weeks.  Melody
pleaded with Bill and finally Bill said she could come over the next day and
they would discuss it.  Jackie woud be secured in her room and unless Melody and
Bill worked out an agreement, Melody would not be allowed to see her.  Melody as
ecstatic.  Mabe she could convince Bill afterall.  Melody agreed and a time was
set for 1:00 p.m. the next day. Melody wanted to make it earlier but Bill said
that no Jackie had things she had to do in the morning and he would not impose
on her.  She had some free time in the afternoon so he could meet with Melody
then.  So it was set. 

After the phone call, Bill decided it was time to stretch Jackie some more.  She
was kneeling in the center of the living room as directed as soon as she entered
the house.  She had removed her Sweats and was holding the required position as
best as possible.  It had been quite awhile now since Bill had taken the phone
call and had not released her from the position. She was beginning to fatigue
and her arms and legs were trembling.  Bill noticed this and was encouraged that
she was still attempting to hold the position.  He told Jackie to relax.  She
breathed a sigh of relief and let her arms hang down by her sides and she sat
back on her heels.  Bill approaced her and said it was time for her to begin to
please him.  Jackie knew this time was coming and just said, "Yes Master".  She
was sure Bill would want a blowjob or to fuck her.  Instead Bill told her to
begin to pleasure herself.  This was something totaly unexpected.  She couldn't
masterbate in front of him.  She looked up and begged with her eyes but Bill was
adamant.  She would have to debase herself before him by masterbating herself to
orgasm.  Bill told her to get started and if she wasn't going at it in earnest
in the next two minutes he was going to add 15 min. of punishment for each two
minutes she delayed.  He also told her that if she didn't bring herself off in
the next 10 minutes she would also start receiving and additional 15 min. for
every 10 min or portion thereof.  Jackie blanched and quickly began to finger
herself.  Could she do it?  Maybe if she kept her eyes closed and remebered the
exquisite feelings that Bill gave her the prior night she could do it.  She
closed her eyes and began.

Bill wasn't going to let her close her eyes.  He wanted her looking at him as
she brought herself off.  He said, "Jackie open your eyes and look at me.  You
will watch me while you bring yourself off."  Jackie opened her eyes and looked
into Bill's as she brought herself to climax.  It happened faster than she
thought it could.  In fact it was a real turn on to do it for Bill.  She wanted
to see if he was getting hard but was afraid to look away from his eyes.  Once
she climaxed, Bill told her to relax.  He slowly caressed her body and gently
brought her down.  He held her and told her she had done well and there would
not be any additional punishment time.  Jackie didn't understand it but she was
pleased that Bill was satisfied with her performance.  What is happening to me
she thought.  Just two days ago I was in jail and had no idea that sex could be
so intoxicating.   I would never have guessed that I could do what I have done
over the past day and a half.  Why am I so willing to submitt to Bill.  Is it
just the punishment?  Or is there some underlying reason I haven't resisted
more.  The punishments are intense but not life threatening.  They also stir
something within me that is beginning to ask for more.  I don't understand.




Chapter 7

(The Afternoon)

After Jackie had performed for Bill, he allowed her to go to her room and put
her things away.  She knew that she would do whatever Bill told her to do.  She
feared his punishment but also anticipated it.  She actually wanted him to
punish her.  She was finding that her sexual pleasure was greatly enhanced when
there was some pain involved and that Bill seemed to be more attentive and
caring after the punishments.  She wondered when he would impose her one hour of
punishment.  Why is he waiting?

Bill did not lock her into her room but did follow her to her room and watched
her as she put the few clothes he had allowed her in her closet and dresser. 
When she was finished she turned back to Bill, assumed the position and waited
for any orders.  Bill was secretly pleased and told Jackie she could relax and
in fact could have the rest of the afternoon free do whatever she liked as long
as she was in the house.  He then placed a small earphone in his ear and left
her room leaving the door open.  Jackie was amazed!  She was sure Bill would
want some kind of sexual service. Instead he was giving her free time.  She
wandered around the basement recreation room looking at various items in the
room.  There was a bookcase along one wall and when she perused them she found
several of them on the BDSM lifestyle.  She took them to her room and lying upon
her bed began to read them.  After her first 36 hours of living this lifestyle
she was finding herself more and more interested.  In fact one might almost say
she was developing an addiction for it!

Bill left Jackie alone for about three hours and around 5:00 p.m. came
downstairs and entered her room.  Jackie was so engrossed in her reading she
didn't notice him at first.  He stood there for several minutes watching her as
she read.  He was pleased she was reading about his favorite subject but alas
she still wasn't paying attention to her environment.  Bill finally cleared his
throat causing Jackie to jump and look up.  She froze for a second and realized
that she had violated rule #3.  She quickly jumped off the bed and assumed the
"position".  Sadly Bill said, "Jackie you must pay attention to what your body
is doing, and your surrounding environment."  I have been watching you for
several minutes and you should have assumed your position immediately upon my
arrival.  You have just earned another 15 min of punishment.  You now have 1
hour and 15 minutes."  "Yes Master" Jackie replied.  She hoped the punishment
wasn't too severe or she was afraid she couldn't last that long.  Looking up,
she tried to let Bill know she wanted to speak.  Bill saw the questions in her
eyes and told her she could speak freely.  Jackie said,, "Thank you Master. 
When will I be punished?"  Bill replied, "When I deem it is time."  "Master, I
am not sure if I am strong enough to handle too long a period in punishment. 
What happens if I should pass out from the pain?"  Bill just looked at her and
in a serious voice said, "Why the time you are unconscious will not count
towards your punishment time.  I will subtract that time from the total time and
once you are again conscious we will continue with your punishment."  Jackie was
appalled!!  If the punishment was so severe that she passed out, how could she
continue to be punished.  Wouldn't she just pass out again?  She asked Bill this
and he said that he would just wait again and again until she remained conscious
for the requisite time.  Jackie didn't believe that he would really keep her in
that much pain for any length of time.  It could take hours for her to be
conscious long enough to meet the time requirements.  Such a punishment would
probably end up killing her.  On the other hand she didn't want to take a chance
so she again resolved to not get any punishment time.




Chapter 8

(Punishment)

Bill had decided that Jackie's punishment would happen right after they had
dinner.  Then he would put her to bed so she could recover.  What Bill had in
mind was pretty extreme and he would have to proceed with caution.  Jackie was
going to undergo a sustained period of intense pain in various parts of her
body.  When she was finished with this session of punishment there would be no
part of her body that hadn't suffered. 

Bill called Jackie up to the kitchen and told her that this evening she needed
to prepare dinner.  She asked what Bill would like and his response was that the
menue was up to her.  Jackie looked through the refrigerator and freezer to see
what foods were available and chose to prepare salmon fillets she found in the
freezer.  She prepared the fish and put it in the oven to bake.  While it was
baking she prepared a tossed green salad and then made a bernaise sauce to put
over the steamed asparagus she had fixed.  When the food was done, Jackie served
it up and then went to tell Bill that dinner was served.  She found him in the
study, working on his computer. 

She entered and assumed the position.  She cleared her throat and when Bill
turned around he found her in the required position.  He allowed her to speak
normally and she announced that dinner was served.  Bill stood up and then told
Jackie to follow him back to the kitchen.  When Jackie went to get up Bill
stopped her and told her he wanted her to crawl to the kitchen.  Jackie blushed
a deep red but didn't say a word.  She just got down on her hands and knees and
began crawling to the kitchen.  When they got there Bill sat in his chair and
then told Jackie that she wouldn't be allowed to eat at the table until after
she had done penance for her errors.  Jackie looked askance with her eyes and
Bill correctly interrpreted her question.  He said. "You will eat on the floor
tonight without the use of your hands."  With that he made Jackie put her hands
behind her back and he placed a pair of handcuffs securely around her writs. 
Now Jackie couldn't use her hands or arms.  Bill told her he expected her to
clean up her plate and that she was not to leave anything on it.  Jackie had
done a good job of presenting the food but she knew that she would end up being
a mess as she tried to eat the asparagus with the sauce without the use of her
hands.  She sighed and began to eat like a dog.  She placed her face in the
plate and began to suck up the food.  When she had finished she licked the plate
clean.  She then sat upright and assumed her required position.  Bill had
watched her from the corner of his eye as he ate the very well prepared dinner. 
He was impressed with Jackie's acceptance of this awkward requirement.  When she
had finished and sat up in her required postion, Bill turned and looked at her. 
Her face was a mess. There was food stuck all over her forehead, nose chin and
down the front of her.  Bill smiled and said, "very good Jackie."  He then got
up and got a washcloth and wiped her face and chest off.  Jackie said, "Thank
you Master."

Bill told Jackie to stand up.  He then removed the handcuffs and intructed
Jackie to clean up the kitchen and to then come downstairs to her room.  Jackie
knew the time of her real punishment was near at hand.  She quickly began to
clear the table and clean up the kitchen.  While she was doing this Bill had
gone downstairs and moved the special "horse" into her room and placed it under
the ceiling panel with the chain hoist.  Tonight Jackie would face a painful
challenge. 

Jackie finsihed up in the kitchen and slowly made her way downstairs.  When she
entered her room she immediatly saw the "horse" and her face paled.  She quickly
assumed her position and waited for whatever Bill had in mind.  Bill watched her
come into the room and saw the blood drain from her face when she saw the
"horse"  She must have some idea of how this works bill thought.  He came over
to Jackie and placed some strong leather cuffs on her wrists and ankles.  They
had rings in them and clips so they could be clipped together.  Bill then placed
Jackie's hands behind her back and fastened the cuffs together.  He then went to
the secret panel and lowered the chain. When it was about two feet off the floor
he stopped it.  He told Jackie to knee walk over to the chain which was hanging
beside the "horse".  She did as intructed and when she reached the chain, Bill
fastened it to a Y chain he produced.  the two ends were fastened to the ankles
cuffs and the single one to her wrist cuffs.  He then fastened the chain from
the ceiling to the ring at the Y junction.  He the began to raise the ceiling
chain.  Jackie felt herself being lifted by her arms and ankles.  The stress on
her arms and legs was tremendous.  She began to whimper and when she was about
level with the top of the "horse" she said, "Please it hurts so much.  I think
my arms are about to become dislocated."  It did no good.  Bill just raised her
another foot and began to swing her over the horse.  When he had her centered
over the horse he began to lower her down.  The narrow edge of the top of the
horse rose up between her cunt lips and her legs were spread out wide to the
sides by the horse.  She began to beg loudly as more of her weight was placed on
her cunt and pubic bone.  Jackie tried to lean back but due to the way the
ceiling chain attached to her, she could not take any of the weight off her
cunt.  Finally she was lowered down until all of her weight was centered on her
cunt.  The pain was terrible and she tried to support herself by squeezing her
legs together and lifting herself off the edge.  She was somewhat successful and
the pain in her cunt began to diminish.  In the meantime Bill had taken a pair
of adjustable nipple clamps from the cabinet and was heading towards Jackie to
place them on her.  "Please no more," she begged.  Bill ignored her and placed
them on her nipples.  He tightened them down until her nipplse were smashed
nearly flat and Jackie began to scream.  Bill then stepped back and went to the
cabinet and removed the timer.  He set it on the dresser behind Jackie so she
couldn't see it and then set it to go off in 1 hour and 15 minutes.  Bill then
came up to Jackie as she moaned and cried and told her he would be back in about
an hour.  He set up a camera to film her plight and told her that it was to
insure that she didn't pass out and if she did he would be able to see how long
she was out so he could continue her punishement for the full time. He then left
the room and closed the door.  He went upstairs and made himself a drink and
then sat in his recliner and turned on his monitor.  Jackie was sobbing and
pleading.  Saying she was being cut in half.

As Bill watched, Jackies legs began to shake and he could tell the strain of
trying to hold herself off the edge of the horse was taking its toll.  He knew
they would also be burning as they attemped to keep her body off the edge of the
horse.  As the fatigue built, the shaking became greater as did the burning
sensation.  Finally she gave up and let herself settle back on the horse with
her full weight on her cunt.  She screamed and begged to be let go.  Promising
to be good from now on and to follow any rule Bill set.  She promised to give
him regular blowjobs, let him fuck her cunt, mouth and even her ass if only Bill
would release her from her torment.  Bill looked at the clock and saw that about
20 min had gone by and he knew that at 30 minutes the ceiling chain would start
to move.  It would move along the track very slowly, a minute fraction of an
inch per minute.  As it moved it would force more of her weight on the pubic
bone and her clit.  By the end of the 45 min of punishement left, if Bill had
calculated things right, her entire weight would be born by about 3 inches of
her cunt and pubic bone and her clit.  The pain would be excrusiating and Bill
figured that by the end of the time she will have passed out from the pain. 
Bill was not going to count this time against her but would include it in the
punishment time.  He just wanted Jackie to believe he wouldn't count any time
she was unconscious.  Mental stress can be as effective a punishment as the
actual thing somethimes.

The pain kept mounting and Jackie slowly became aware that she was being forced
forward on the horse so more and more of her weight was being supported by a
smaller and smaller area of her cunt.  She tried to fight against this but the
machinery just kept moving.  She began to panic.  She was sure that if this
continued she would be severely cut by the edge of the horse.  The pain kept
mounting and soon it eclipsed the earlier pain she had felt from her smashed
nipples. She had now been on the horse for a little over an hour.  Her body was
shaking with pain and sweat rolled down her body.  It was dripping into her eyes
and they were burning very badly.  Jackie was barely conscious of the fact that
Bill had entered the room.  Her voice was gone and she could only moan and
whimper.  All she was really aware of now was the over riding pain in her cunt. 
She finally passed out when the timer showed she still had about 5 min of time
left.  Bill waited for the timer to go off before he began to raise Jackie off
the horse.  When he did there was a little blood leaking from Jackies cunt.  The
edge of the horse had finally made a small tear in her cunt where her clit hood
met her pubic bone.  It had torn a little and was bleeeding slightly. 

Bill moved her over to the bed and lowered her down.  When she was finally
resting on the bed, Bill came over and unhooked the ceiling chain and unfastened
the cuffs from her wrists and ankles.  He laid her on her back and then quickly
removed the nipple clamps.  Jackie groaned loudly when the blood rushed in but
since she was still unconscious, she didn't really realize why she was in
additional pain.  Bill then went and got a washcloth and carefully cleaned up
the area that was bleeding and put a small sanitary pad on Jackie.  He held it
in place with a sanitary napkin belt. Bill then massaged Jackie's arms and legs
to bring back the circulation and relieve the stressed muscles.  He then covered
he up and turned off the light.  He closed the door and went upstairs to get
himself ready for bed.  Just as he was getting ready to turn off his light, the
phone rang.  It was Jack Short and he wanted to talk to his daughter.  Bill told
him she was asleep already and he would have her call first thing in the
morning.  Jack then asked Bill if he would let Melody have some time with Jackie
tomorrow.  Bill said he would call with times that both of them could come over
and visit with Jackie.  He made it plain that only Jack would be allowed to
visit Jackie without him monitoring the conversation in person.  Melody would
have to visit with Bill present at all times.  Jack sighed and said OK.  We will
wait for Jackie's call in the morning. 

Bill turned off his light and thought to himself, "I hope Jackie can follow all
the rules for awhile.  I don't want to have to punish her again soon.  It will
take a week or two for her to fully recover from this last punishment."  Just
before falling asleep Bill's last thought was that the six months until her
trial would be more than enough for him to turn Jackie into his perfect slave. 
By the time of her trial she would want to live with Bill forever.  He was sure
he could condition her in the time he had left.




Chapter 9

(Next Morning)

Bill was up at 6:00 a.m. He quickly checked the monitors and saw that Jackie was
still asleep.  Good, she needs her rest he thought.  Yesterdays punishment took
a lot out of her.  Bill finished up his morning rituals and headed for the
basement apartment.  He let himself in and went quietly over to Jackie's bed and
gently shook her awake.  She slowly opened her eyes and then groaned as she
moved.  Her legs felt like cement and her hips and knee joints were extremely
sore.  She needed to pee but was afraid that it would hurt especially the tear
in her clit hood.  Bill told her she needed to get up and take care of her
morning rituals.  She slowly got out of bed and moved painfully to the bathroom. 
Just as she was about to close the door Bill told her no.  "Leave it open" he
said.  I want to watch you this morning.  Jackie was mortified.  She had never
had anyone watch her pee and cleanup in the mornings since she was a little
child.  She knew trying to change Bill's mind was out of the question.  It would
only lead to more punishment and she definitely didn't want any of that.  Then
it hit her!!  Bill had entered the room and she hadn't assumed the position. 
She turned deathly pale and looked up at Bill from the toilet.  Bill knew what
she had just remembered but since she was asleep when he entered her room and he
woke her up, he decided not to count this error against her.  She finished
pissing and was surprised that it didn't hurt.  She wiped herself and then
dropped to the floor in her attention position.  It hurt her to spread her knees
apart but she knew he would not tolerate her assuming a less open position. 
Bill saw the pain in her eyes and knew he had to help her recover before she
could meet with her father that evening.  He walked over to the tub and beckoned
Jackie to come over to him.  He had her get into the tub and then he began
running warm water into the tub.  He turned the hot water up a little at a time
to give Jackie time to adjust to the increasing temperature.  When it was as hot
as he felt she could tolerate he began to gently wash her and massage her arms
and legs.  He shampooed her hair and worked the kinks out of her neck.  He had
her lie back in the tub and stretch out.  The tub was oversized and she could
lay completely down with her head just touching one end and her toes the other. 
Bill continued to work on her leg muscles and her thighs to get the muscles
loosened up and pliable.  When she was totally relaxed he began to gently caress
her breasts and to lightly pinch and pull on her nipples.  Jackie's eyes flew
open but she didn't lift a hand to stop him.  She just looked at him as he began
to arouse her.  Bill trailed his left hand down her body and began to caress her
cunt.  He slowly inserted one finer into her and while teasing her nipple began
to gently finger-fuck her.  Her breathing got faster and she began to moan a
little in pleasure.  Bill switched to her other breast and added another finger
in her cunt.  He kept up this routine for probably 20 or 30 minutes and Jackie
just kept climbing high and higher up the ladder of arousal.  He built her up to
where she felt she was going to explode and kept her there.  He wouldn't let her
go over the edge and have the explosive orgasm she so badly needed.  "Please
Sir," she begged.  "You may speak" he told her.  "Please let me cum now.  I
can't take any more she begged."  You will cum when I tell you to and not
before.  I will determine when you are allowed to cum.  If you cum before I give
you permission, you will earn yourself 30 minutes of punishment time."  Jackie
became very afraid at this point as she was sure she couldn't keep herself from
cuming.  Bill could see her effort to control herself and smiled.  He knew
exactly what he was doing and would not bring her off before he told her to cum. 
Jackie didn't know that Bill was not trying to make her cum without permission
and so tried to concentrate on something else.  Nothing was working and she
began to pant with need. Bill then place his thumb gently on her clit so as not
to open the wound around it and gently began to rub it.  Jackie screamed out "oh
Sir I can't hold it back any longer.  Please Please let me cum!  Bill continued
to bring her off and just when she couldn't hold back any more he told her "cum
for me now."  His timing was perfect and Jackie erupted in a mind blowing orgasm
that went on for over a minute.  He gently held her up so she wouldn't sink
under the water as she relaxed after this massive orgasm.  When her breathing
had slowed to normal and she could again control her body, Bill had her stand up
in the tub.  He opened the tub drain and turned on the shower.  He quickly
washed her off with the shower and helped her from the tub.  Jackie was
surprised that she could now move without any pain.  She was still a little
stiff but in general could move just fine.  Bill dried her off and then led her
into her bedroom.  "I want you to call your father and tell him that you will be
available to meet with him for several hours this evening after dinner.  He can
come over and you will show him your apartment. "All the rules and restrictions
from before are still in place.  You must convince your father that all is well
and your doing fine.  If he asks why you didn't take too many clothes you can
show him the small closet and tell him that you decided to just bring a few
things since I said she could come get other clothes as needed.  Do you think
you can do this?" Jackie looked at Bill and nodded her head yes.  "May I speak
Sir" Jackie asked.  Bill nodded yes and so Jackie took a deep breath and began. 
" I don't know why you are doing what you are doing with me and I don't
understand how you can be so gentle and wonderful at times and hurt me so bad at
others.  Can you tell me why you do this?"  Bill shook his head no and said,"
We'll go upstairs and you will call your father and set up a time for him to
come over.  I will fix us breakfast while you do that and then after breakfast I
will explain some things to you."  "If your mother answers the phone you must
not say a word and must hang up immediately.  I will be monitoring the call so
don't try to pull anything. It will result in punishment time if you say one
word to your mother.  She is coming over after lunch to meet with me to try and
negotiate a time she can see you before the two weeks are up.  You will be in
your room during this time.  After we finish breakfast you may clean up the
kitchen and then finish cleaning the house. I will inspect the whole house at
11:30 and it had better meet my expectations or you will receive punishment
time.  Is this all clear to you?"  Jackie nodded her head and started out the
door for the steps and the kitchen. 

When the got to the kitchen Bill handed one of the portable phones to her and
used another one himself.  He put on a headset so he could have his hands free
to fix pancakes and eggs for breakfast while still monitoring Jackie's call. 
Jackie dialed their number and on the second ring her father picked up the
phone. "Hi dad, I hope this isn't too early to call" she said.  " No dear, it is
just fine.  How are you doing? he said.  " OK, it is a little boring not being
able to go anywhere but my apt. is nice and I have TV and a radio as well as
several books I brought over so time does go by pretty fast.  Bill even told me
if I wanted to help around the house I could so I am going to help him clean
house this morning.  He even offered to pay me if I helped out around here" 
Jackie looked over at Bill when she said this last to see his reaction.  She saw
him smiling and knew it was OK and she wouldn't receive any punishment for this
liberty.  "Well" that's nice" her father said.  Will you be allowed to go
outside and downtown shopping or does he intended to keep you locked up in the
house all the time?" Jack asked in a tone of voice that indicated he wasn't
happy with this arrangement at all!!  Jackie looked quickly at Bill for his
reaction but he didn't seem to have heard the sarcasm in Jack's remarks and just
kept cooking breakfast.  "We haven't talked much about going out and things but
I am sure I will be allowed to go downtown and work in the yard.  After all I am
not in Jail just out on bail and under the jurisdiction of my third party
guardian" she replied.  Bill was pleased with the way Jackie was handling things
and decided that she had earned some credit towards reducing any punishment time
she might accumulate today. Maybe even 30minutes worth of credit.  A time was
set for Jack to come over to see Jackie after dinner and the conversation ended. 
After Jackie and Jack had hung up, Bill heard another click and knew that Melody
had eavesdropped on the conversation.  He smiled and made a note to bring this
up with her when they met after lunch.  That breach would cost her but at least
she hadn't said a word.  Bill clicked his extension off and finished fixing
breakfast.  Bill let Jackie eat at the table this morning since she hadn't
earned any punishment time.  She only had to eat on the floor like a dog when
she had punishment time coming.  Jackie said, "Thank You Sir" when Bill told her
she could sit at the table and eat with him.  When they had finished Bill said
"OK it's time for you to get to work and finish the house cleaning.  You will
have three and a half hours to finish up and be ready for inspection.  Jackie
quickly got work cleaning up the breakfast dishes and mopping the floor.  Bill
went to his study and did some more planning for his meeting with Melody.  He
had decided he would see just how badly Melody wanted to meet with her daughter. 
Maybe he would end up with two sex slaves.  Mother and daughter.  Wouldn't that
be a kick.  His devious mind could envision a number of interesting situations.




Chapter 10

(Negotiations)

Bill left Jackie alone the rest of the morning to finish her work.  Just before
noon he found her sitting in the kitchen.  She had just finished cleaning the
house and had stopped for a glass of water.  When Bill entered the kitchen,
Jackie immediately dropped to her knees, spread them apart and assumed the
position.  Bill told her to hold the position while he inspected the house. 
This time Bill could find nothing out of place or any areas missed.  He smiled
and thought to himself "Good I didn't really want to punish her today anyway." 
He had taken his time to do the inspection so Jackie would be forced to hold the
position for as long as possible.  He wanted to build up her stamina so she
could hold the position for several hours if necessary.  She was still in
position when he returned but could tell she was straining to hold it.  He left
her that way a little longer and when her arms and thighs began to tremble told
her she could relax.  She had held the position almost 20 minutes.  Five minutes
longer than the last time.  Bill told Jackie her cleaning was satisfactory and
she breathed a sigh of relief. 

Bill then told her to get up and fix them some lunch.  He told her it had to be
quick as her mother was scheduled to come over in about 45 minutes and that she
needed to be in her room at that time.  Jackie quickly fixed a tuna salad and
poured a glass of wine for each of them.  Bill didn't say anything but made a
note of the wine.  He would have to instruct her that wine or any alcoholic
beverage was not to be had until after 3:00 p.m. each day.  She didn't know
about his personal rule on this so he would not punish her this time.  They
finished up with about 10 minutes to spare and Bill took Jackie down to her
room.  He instructed her to dress in her sweats and nothing else.  If her mother
and he could reach an agreement on how Melody was to behave while in Jackie's
presence, she might be allowed to visit this afternoon.  Bill didn't want the
mother to know about the house rules for Jackie at this time.  After locking
Jackie in her room, Bill returned to the living room.  He had to wait about 5
minutes before he heard a knock at the door.  Bill opened the door and invited
Melody to come in.  Melody walked in slowly, looking around hoping to see
Jackie.  Bill smiled as he watched her searching for her daughter.  Bill said,
"She is in her apartment and will stay there until we have finished our
discussion." "You know Melody, you have brought this problem on yourself.  If
you would have just followed directions and not tried to sneak around behind my
back, you would still have reasonable access to your daughter."  "Now you can't
see her for another 12 days."  "I also know you were eavesdropping on your
daughters conversation this morning."  Melody's face turned pale.  She just knew
Bill was going to add additional days to her sentence.  Bill asked, "Do you have
anything to say?"  Melody looked down at the floor and took a deep breath and
began.  "It was wrong of me to try and hide my conversation from you.  I won't
do it again."  "I want to see my daughter and don't understand why you are being
so difficult." "You were always friendly before we agreed to let you be the
third party guardian.  What changed you?" "Bill smiled and said, "Melody I
didn't change.  I have always taken my jobs seriously and I have agreed to
follow the requirements of the Court.  I specifically went over this with you
and Jack and we both signed an agreement which details what this meant to me and
you.  Unfortunately you apparently didn't read the document very carefully or
you chose to dismiss the importance of the message of the document.  In either
case the bottom line is that you seemed to think that once Jackie was out of
jail things at your home would return to what they had been.  That will not
happen.  Jackie will be with me or near me for the next 6 months until her
trial.  You may have visiting privileges after we come to some agreement as to
your behavior." "If we can't reach some clear understanding of how things will
be, I will not let you see or communicate with your daughter.  The only other
choice you have is to request of the court that your daughter be returned to
jail and you forfeit your bond and very possibly could lose your house even
though Jackie's return to jail was at your request.  Is this all clear?"  Melody
looked down at the floor and nodded her head yes.  She then asked, "What do I
have to do so you will let me visit my daughter?"  "If you want money, I will
get it."  Bill looked at Melody and said, "Melody, I don't need money, I have
plenty of money."  Melody then said, "I'll clean house for you, I will do
anything you want!"  Bill just shook his head and sadly said, "Melody, you still
don't understand.  I don't need you to clean my house.  Jackie has volunteered
to help with the housework and cooking and I have agreed to pay a small hourly
wage.  It is you generally behavior that needs to change."  Melody sat quietly
for several minutes and then she smiled, looked up and stood up. "Bill, I know
something I can give you that will definitely demonstrate a change in my
behavior."  She then began unbuttoning her blouse.  All the while she kept her
eyes on Bill's.  When the blouse was completely unbuttoned she began to slide it
off her shoulders.  Now Melody is a very attractive mid forties woman.  She has
beautiful brown eyes, brown hair that comes down to her shoulders, a Grecian
face on a long elegant neck.  Her breasts must be around a 36B which then tapers
to about a 28" waist which flares out to about a 36-38 inch hip line.  She
stands about 5'7" and has beautiful well toned legs that seem to go on forever. 
All in all Melody is considered a beautiful woman who still draws the eyes of
men whenever she enters a room.  Now she stood before me in just her bra and
skirt. 

Bill reached out and took her blouse and draped it over her shoulders.  He said,
"Melody, you are a beautiful woman and I haven't had a woman since Bev died so
it would be very easy for me to say yes you can provide me something.  But
before we even go any further in talking about this I want to be very sure you
know what you are doing.  I am not asking you to prostitute yourself nor am I
trying to force you to offer your body.  You understand that don't you?"  Melody
blushed and looked at the floor but said, "Bill I know you haven't asked or
forced me to offer myself to you.  This is all my idea in order to show you that
my behavior can and will change.  Don't you want me?"  Bill then asked," What
about Jack?  How do you think he would feel about what you are offering?"  She
then looked up and with some fear said, "he doesn't have to know!"  "I am sure
he would divorce me but I have to prove to you I can change my behavior." 

At this point Bill reached in his pocket and pressed a fob like you might find
on a key chain.  This fob was in fact a small transmitter that turned on and off
a small camera located in the ceiling which could cover the whole living area. 
It was a pinhole camera of good quality and was almost undetectable.  I clearly
showed everything in the room including Bill and Melody.  There was also a very
sensitive mic built into the light fixtures that was recording everything being
said.  Once Bill pushed the button on the fob and shut off the microphone and
camera he turned once again to Melody and began to lay out the changes in her
behavior that he would accept to allow her to see Melody regularly and even that
day.  Bill sat back down on the couch and said one final time, "Are you sure you
want to give yourself to me?"  Melody said, "yes!"  Bill then laid out the only
terms that he would accept as proof that she had indeed changed.  "Here are my
conditions:  You give your body to me to use as I see fit;  I will own your body
until after Jackie's trial; You will do whatever I demand when ever I demand it;
When you enter my home alone, you will immediately remove all your clothes; When
I enter a room you will assume a submissive position in your knees with your
legs spread as wide apart as possible and your hands clasped behind your head
with your elbows back.  I will only accept your offer if you agree to these
conditions.  I will in affect own and control your body for the next 6 months
and when we are together and alone you will address me as Master or Sir.  If you
accept these terms and want more time with Jackie starting today, you will
finish removing all your clothes and assume the required position." Melody was
dumbfounded.  She had no intention of "giving herself into slavery".  She had
thought she could give herself one time to Bill to fuck and then he would relent
on letting her see Jackie.  His demands were way beyond what she had ever
contemplated.  She looked up at him and said, "your kidding right?"  Bill looked
right back and without blinking said, "I am very serious and you have 30 seconds
to give me an answer."  If you don't accept my conditions, then you are to put
on your blouse and leave.  This discussion is finished.  You can see your
daughter in 12 days."  Melody stood there in complete shock.  Could she even do
this if she initially agreed?  Bill was looking at his watch and Melody knew her
time was running out.  Then a new thought struck her and she straightened her
shoulders and smiled a sinister smile. "Bill, you just fucked up!" she said.  I
am going to tell Jack about your coercive tactics and then we are going to the
Judge to get you removed from your position.  It will be your word against
mine."  Bill just smiled and said, "Melody you don't ever seem to learn.  You
won't tell anyone.  If you do I will use the tape I made of you offering
yourself to me and your acknowledgement that your offer was not coerced or under
any kind of threat from me.  With that Bill pushed the button and started the
playback of the earlier scene.  The big screen TV lit up and there was Melody
offering Bill her body and denying that Bill in any way suggested or forced her
to do it.  Melody felt faint.  She had no idea that Bill was taping what was
going on.  Even though she was feeling faint she tried one last desperate
attempt to back Bill down.  "If you show the tape, it will also show you making
additional demands on me and forcing me to be your sex slave.  You will sink
yourself as well as me!"  Bill smiled and said, Melody, you had a choice 10
minutes ago to leave.  You didn't and you then tried to threaten me.  Now you
don't have a choice.  Strip! Now! And assume the position.  For every minute you
delay, you will receive 10 minutes of punishment time. If you don't, Jack will
receive a copy of this tape along with a suggestion that you undergo some
therapy.  I think with the tape and my testimony your allegations will be
ignored."  With that Bill looked at his watch and said, "the clock is running." 
Melody didn't know what to do.  Bill held all the cards and she was far worse
off now than ever.  She just stood there and looked at Bill.  After three
minutes Bill told her that she already had 30 minutes of punishment time and
that if she didn't get moving she would be very sore when she left his house. 
Melody finally realized that Bill was right and she had better do as she was
told.  She quickly removed her skirt, slip, bra and panties.  She then knelt
down and clasped her hands behind her head and pulled her elbow back.  Her
breasts now stuck out prominently.  Bill said she had taken another minute so
she now had 40 minutes of punishment.  He then walked up to her and with his
foot forced her to spread her knees even further.  Melody was now in some pain. 
She looked up and said, "that's too much it hurts."  Bill told her she had just
earned another 10 min of punishment time for talking without permission and not
addressing him as Master or Sir.  He then unzipped his pants and placed his
semi-erect penis at her mouth.  "Get busy," he said. "I want the best blow job
you have ever given.  I expect you to get me off within the next 10 minutes or I
will add another 10 minutes to your punishment.  And by the way, I expect you to
swallow my whole load and then to clean me up and put it away for me.  Time's
running," he said.




Chapter 11

(Capitulation)

Melody stared at the penis in front of her face.  She licked her lips and slowly
moved her mouth to the head of Bill's penis.  She took it in and began to gently
suck on it and caress it with her tongue.  It began to grow and soon filled her
mouth.  She continued to suck it and it grew and it began to move to the back of
her mouth and enter her throat.  She gagged and tried to pull away but Bill
grabbed her by her hair and kept it fully embedded in her throat.  As she
gagged, Bill couldn't believe the pressure and delightful sensations that
assaulted his cock.  Melody began to panic as she couldn't breath well with
Bill's cock down her throat.  She raised her hands and tried to push Bill away. 
Bill yanked up on her hair and pulled his cock out of her throat and mouth. 
Melody gasped for air and began to drag in large quantities of air.  Bill drug
Melody over to the couch by her hair and threw her face down on the couch.  He
then sat on her back and pulled her arms up behind her and tied her wrists
together with a section of rope laying on the back of the couch.  Once he had
her arms and hands immobilized, he turned her over and began to slap her
breasts.  Melody screamed and begged him to stop.  Bill didn't slow down his
assault and the blows became harder.  Melody began to struggle to get away when
Bill said, "Lay still. If you continue to fight me, I will only make your
punishment worse."  Melody tried to lay still but Bill continued his assault on
her breasts and they were turning a bright red with some indication of bruising. 
Melody was begging Bill to stop and promising to do whatever he wanted.  Bill
continued his punishment of her breasts for another minute or two and finally
stopped.  Melody was a mess.  Her hair was in total disarray and her makeup was
running down her face.  She laid sobbing and wishing she could cradle her
breasts.  Bill had sweat running down his face and was still angry.  His cock
was still erect and he moved forward and straddled Melody's face.  "Open your
mouth," he said.  Melody was now terrified.  She opened her mouth and took him
in.  She tried to use her tongue to block her throat but Bill reached back and
pinched her nipples.  Melody opened her mouth wide to scream and when she did
Bill rammed his cock down her throat. "Start sucking" he said.  "The sooner you
get me off the sooner this will be over."  Melody began gagging and struggling
for breath.  Those wonderful sensations began again in Bills groin and he began
to moan.  "Oh yeah, keep it up" he instructed Melody.  She was getting desperate
for air and just before she passed out Bill withdrew far enough for her to get
air.  He let her take in large quantities before he again forced his cock down
her throat.  Melody had begun to learn that if she swallowed when his cock was
this far down her throat she could avoid the gag reflex.  She sucked and
swallowed as fast as possible and ran her tongue along the underside of his
shaft.  She continued this action for as long as possible and again Bill pulled
out just as her eyes were rolling up into a faint.  Bill kept this routine up
for several more cycles before he finally came down her throat.  He pulled out
and instructed Melody to clean him up.  Once she had done this, he turned her
over and untied her wrists.  They had rope burns on them and had turned purple
from the lack of circulation.  Bill then told her to turn back over.  Once
Melody was on her back looking up at him Bill gently sat down beside her and
pushed the hair back from her face.  He gently lifted her up and held her to his
body.  "I don't like hurting you but you must learn that I will not tolerate you
refusing me anything.  When you offered yourself to me and I accepted, you lost
all rights to control anything I wanted to do to you.  You still have 40 minutes
of punishment coming but that can wait until later." With that Bill stood her up
and led her into the master bathroom off his bedroom.  He started the shower and
pushed Melody under the spray.  "Clean yourself up and then come back to the
living room," Bill ordered.  "Yes Sir," she responded and then began to wash her
hair and body.  When she came into the living room 20 minutes later she looked
much better and if her breasts were covered you would not know she had undergone
any punishment.  She came up to Bill and kneeled down with her legs wide spread
and her hands clasped behind her head.  She looked down and said, "what do you
wish from me Master?"  Bill smiled.  She was easier to break than her daughter
Bill thought to himself. 




Chapter 12

(visitation)

Bill raised Melody up and instructed her to put on her blouse slip and skirt. 
She was not to wear any panties or a bra when in this house.  "That means
anytime you enter my house you had better not have a bra or panties on.  This
includes when you come over with your husband.  You better find a way to shed
those garments before entering my home."  Melody just nodded her head and said,
"Yes Sir."  "Do you have yourself under enough control to visit with you
daughter now? He asked.  "Melody looked up startled.  "Yes Sir!" She said  Bill
then told her she could spend the next couple of hours with Jackie but if at any
time Bill felt they were trying to hide their conversation or send secret
messages, he would intervene and Melody would be punished further and Jackie
sent back to jail.  Is this fully understood?"  Yes Sir, she replied.  "Good,
follow me," he said.

Bill then led Melody downstairs and opened the door to Jackie's apartment.  Once
he opened the door Jackie jumped up from her couch and almost dropped into "the
position."  She caught herself at the last minute and rushed over and gave her
mother a hug instead.  Bill told Jackie that her mother could spend the next two
hours with her and suggested that she show her around the apartment.  They could
also go into the back yard if they wished but they were not to leave Bills
property.  I will activate the sensor field around the yard which will let me
know if you cross the property line anywhere.  If the alarm goes off, I will be
forced to take corrective action which you will not like and then to inform the
police you tried to escape.  Do you understand?"  "Yes Sir," Jackie replied. 
Bill then looked over to Melody and asked, "Do you understand?"  Yes Bill, I
understand."  Be sure you don't try any tricks like the last time.  This is a
trial period for you and if you screw this up you won't get another chance. 
Melody nodded her head that she understood.  Bill then said he hoped they had a
good visit and left.  As soon as he was out of sight he put the earpiece in so
he could monitor their conversation.  Melody and Jackie just hugged each other
for several minutes before Melody pushed Jackie away and looked at her.  Jackie
stepped back and looked at her mother and then asked her, "How did you get Bill
to let you see me?"  "I just reasoned with him and promised to not break any of
the rules applying to your release or the "third party guardian" agreement." 
Jackie looked real close at her mother while she was saying this and realized
that there was more to this action than her mother was telling.  Jackie then
realized that when she was hugging her mother she was not wearing a bra.  Of
course Melody realized the same thing about Jackie.  I'll have to figure out
what is going on Jackie thought to herself.  If Bill is messing with the rest of
my family, I don't care if I have to go back to jail, I will turn him in, she
vowed.  She smiled at her mother and said, "let me show you around."  Jackie
then took her mother on a three minute tour of the apartment.  When they had
finished Melody said, "It really is a nice apartment.  Bill said you couldn't
open the door from this side.  Is that true?"  Yes Jackie replied.  I have to
call Bill on the intercom to let me out.  So far I haven't had to do that and
Bill has been the one to contact me by the intercom to see if I am decent and
ready to eat or start the house cleaning etc.  He really is very considerate and
even insisted on paying me for helping with the cooking and housework.  I had
volunteered to do it so I would have something to do besides read and watch TV. 
So far it has worked out OK."  Melody said she was glad everything was going OK
and then asked, "Why didn't you bring over more clothes?"  Jackie laughed and
said, "did you look at the closet in the bedroom.  It is really small so I told
Bill that I wouldn't need too many clothes at this time and that if I needed
something I had left it would be no big problem to run next door and get it." He
agreed so I didn't try and bring everything.  Is it a problem?  I can bring more
if you don't want me coming over when you might be gone to get it."  "No it is
fine" Melody replied. "I was just curios and concerned you weren't being allowed
to leave the house."  Let's go outside," Melody said.  Jackie said fine and
asked her mother if she wanted a glass of ice tea to take outside.  Melody said,
"that would be nice."  So they stopped and got the ice tea on the way out.  Bill
had been monitoring all this conversation and was very pleased with the way
Jackie was responding.  He would have to reward her later.  But now he was busy
setting up the punishment scene which he would force on Melody later tonight. 
Things were working out fine!

Jackie and Melody spent most of the afternoon talking.  Just before it was time
for Jack to get home from work, Melody finally got up the courage to ask Jackie
why she wasn't wearing a bra. Jackie smiled and said, "Mom, I wasn't going out
anywhere and when I am at school and not planning to be out in public, I
frequently just put on a sweat shirt without a bra.  It's no big deal."  Jackie
then asked her mother, "When did you start going without a bra?"  Melody turned
very red and looked down when she answered.  "I don't usually do this but I had
planned on doing laundry today and wanted to have all my bra's clean so I didn't
put one on.  I forgot all about it until I was already here and realized that my
nipples were hard and pushing out the front of my blouse.  I didn't want to make
a big deal of it so just continued on as if it was perfectly natural."  Well I
think it would be better if you wore a heavier shirt than an almost opaque
blouse." Jackie responded and then laughed as her mother turned even a darker
shade of red that extended below her neck to her chest.  Jackie then went over
and gave her mother a big hug and as they hugged each other both became aware
that their nipples had stiffened and were standing at rigid attention.  They
both broke off the hug and looked sheepishly at the ground.

Bill was just getting ready to go tell Melody that it was time for her to leave
when Jack drove up and noticed that Melody was in the back yard of Bill's house
talking to Jackie and Bill.  He hastened to shut the garage door and quickly
crossed over into Bill's yard  with a smile on his face.  He held out his hand
to Bill and said, "Thank you for allowing Melody to visit with Jackie.  I assume
everything went all right?"  Bill looked right at Melody and said, "So far
things have been OK but I am still being careful to see that all agreements are
enforced and all the rules followed.  I expect Melody and Jackie and you as well
to be as vigilant as I am.  The consequences are very drastic if we don't follow
through on our agreements!"  Both Melody and Jackie shifted from foot to foot
and looked down at the ground.  Jack was too happy that they could all visit
together so didn't notice the nervous behavior of his two women.  Jackie offered
to show Jack the apartment and to get him a glass of ice tea if he would like. 
"Some other time hon," he said. "I need to change and take a quick shower before
dinner."  "All right," Jackie responded.  "I'll go with you Melody offered.  I
need to start dinner."  Jack and Melody then walked over into their yard and
entered their house through the back door.  Once they were inside, Jack took
Melody by the arm and turned her to face him.  "What's with the bra-less look?"
he asked.  Melody blushed and gave Jack the same cock and bull story she had
given Jackie.  It was easier to convince Jack since she had done similar things
in the past when doing laundry.  Jack just shook his head and told her if she
was going to be out in public  she either needed to put on a bra or wear
something heavier.  "You look almost naked from the waist up."  "Wonder what he
would say if he knew I was naked under my skirt?" Melody thought to herself. 
She turned away and gave a little smirk.  He would probably take me right her in
the kitchen.  Where did that thought come from? Melody wondered.  Her thoughts
seemed to be more sexual since her ordeal with Bill earlier in the afternoon. 
Melody turned back to Jack and said, "I'll remember that but it is nice to know
that my looks can still make a man hard!" Bill laughed and went into the bedroom
to shower and change.  While Bill was in the shower, Melody put on a bra and
panties and changed into slacks and a light weight sweater.  Melody felt more
like herself now that she was adequately dressed.  She went to the kitchen to
start dinner. 

Meanwhile Bill and Jackie had entered his house and Jackie had immediately
removed her sweats and dropped to her attention position.  Bill said, "good
girl" and patted her on the head.  Jackie felt foolish when he did this but at
the same time she was pleased when he complimented her.  Bill then complimented
her on the way she handled herself this afternoon and would be rewarded after
dinner.  But, he cautioned, "don't make any mistakes that will result in
punishment as that will detract greatly from your reward.  Jackie said, "Yes
Sir, I will try not to disappoint you."  Bill then instructed Jackie to get up
and fix them some dinner while Bill finished up a project in the recreation
room.  Jackie nodded her head and began dinner preparations.  Bill went to the
rec room and made sure all the supplies he would need that night were at hand
but out of sight.  When he was confident he had everything he needed in place,
he went back up to the kitchen where Jackie had dinner waiting.  Again Bill told
Jackie to sit at the table and eat with him.  Jackie gave a thankful sigh and
sat down and began eating.  When they had finished eating, Bill told Jackie to
clean up the kitchen.  Then she was to come down to the rec room.  Jackie looked
sharply at Bill with questions in her eyes as well as a little fear. "Yes Sir,"
she said.  "May I have permission to speak?" she asked.  Bill gave a little
smile and nodded yes.  "I thought I had accomplished everything you asked of me. 
Why are we going to the rec room?"  Bill told her to relax.  "You are not going
to be punished but rewarded."  Jackie was still not sure about this as she
associated pain with the rec room as well as pleasure.  Both Bill and Jackie
descended into the rec room but only after Bill set the alarm system and secured
both exterior doors.  He didn't want to be disturbed while he rewarded Jackie. 
When they were in the rec room, Bill instructed Jackie to lay down on the couch
with her arms over her head and her legs spread.  When she had done as
instructed, Bill came over and sat down beside her.  He gently traced a finger
from her chin to her cunt.  He carefully inspected her mound and labia to see
how much the hair was growing back.  There was a noticeable stubble so Bill told
Jackie to be sure and shave herself in the morning.  "I want this smooth as silk
all the time.  You might have to start shaving every day just like a man does." 
Jackie was mortified that she might be required to perform such an act daily but
dutifully replied, "Yes Sir."  Bill smiled down at her and thought she is doing
fine.  Her attitude is much better and she seems to be adapting well to her
status as well as being more comfortable with her nakedness.




Chapter 13

(Pleasure and Punishment)

Bill bent down and planted a light kiss right on Jackie's cunt lips.  She did a
quick intake of breath and held it while Bill continued to lightly kiss up her
body towards her tits.  When he reached them he gently circled the area of her
nipples and then lightly bit them.  He then licked her nipples and they became
rock hard and stood up almost two inches.  Jackie couldn't ever remember her
nipples being so stiff.  She moan in pleasure as Bill continued to tease and
caress her nipples and tits with his mouth.  As he did this his hands began
their work on her legs.  He gently rubbed her legs from her knees to her crotch
being very careful to avoid touching her cunt directly.  Jackie felt the tension
mounting as her body began to respond to this erotic foreplay.  Bill then
trailed his hands up to her tits and gently began to pinch and pull her nipples
as his tongue began to work its way down her body and to her cunt.  When he
reached her cunt, he kissed her hard and inserted his tongue into her wet and
inviting pussy.  She was as wet as she had ever been and felt it running out of
her cunt and down over her anus to pool underneath her.  She tried to sit up and
tell Bill that she was staining the couch when he pushed her back down and told
her to put her hands back up over her head.  .  Bill chuckled and told her not
to worry as it would clean up and if it didn't, it would be a reminder for her
of the pleasure he was going to give her.  All the while he was talking to her
his hands were busy stimulating her body.  She was now as aroused as she could
ever remember but couldn't get go over the edge with the massive orgasm she knew
was coming.  Bill let her come down a little and then built her back up again. 
She began to plead with Bill to let her cum!  Bill just smiled and quietly told
her that when he felt she was at the highest peak of sexual arousal that she was
capable of, he would let her have her orgasm.  It will be one you won't soon
forget he promised.  Bill brought her to the brink five more times and when
Jackie was in a delirium of need for release Bill took her over the edge.  She
had the most mind blowing orgasm of her life.  It seemed to go on for ever.  In
actuality it only lasted about 2 minutes but she experienced a number of smaller
orgasms as Bill continued to gently caress and hold her.  She was so sensitive
now that just a light breath of air across her nipples or clit would cause a
small orgasm and she would tighten up and then relax as she would cum.  She was
exhausted but had never felt so alive.  How did this man learn to do this to a
woman? Jackie knew she would probably never find another man who could make love
to her body like Bill.  I can't believe that a 60 year old man can cause me to
cum so hard.  I think I want to stay with him forever if I can have orgasms like
this at least weekly.  I don't think I could stand them more often.  These
thoughts raced through her mind as she continued to shudder through more small
sexual shocks.  Finally Bill allowed her to just lie on the couch.  He stood up
and looked down on this beautiful young woman who was now covered in a light
sheen of sweat.  He felt a great tenderness for Jackie and was glad he could
reward her like this instead of punishing her.  Although he got a thrill from
giving punishment, he truly preferred to give Jackie pleasure.  Jackie looked up
at him and said, "I don't understand you.  I thought you wanted to fuck me or
have me suck you or pleasure you and that as your sex slave I would be required
to service you regularly.  You haven't made me do any of those things and yet
you have given me more pleasure than I have ever had. When do you plan for me to
pleasure you?"  Bill smiled down on her and told her, "I will not fuck you as
you put it.  When or if you decide that a life of slavery to me is the way you
want to spend the rest of your life, then I will have direct sexual intercourse
with you.  I will also make use of your other holes to pleasure me and you will
willingly give them to me.  You will also learn to cum with some painful
stimulus.  Your training is just beginning.  Rewards will always be pleasurable
unless you develop a strong association of pain with pleasure and then I might
be willing to reward you with some pleasure/pain sessions.  We will see.  Now
you need to get cleaned up and ready for bed.  I will be up for quite some time
and I want you secured in you room.  I want no interruptions."  "Yes Sir,"
Jackie replied and crawled from the couch to her room.  She made a real show for
Bill and just before she closed the door, she looked back and stuck out her
tongue at him.  She then smiled blew him a kiss and shut the door.  Bill stood
there and just shook his head.  He then set up preparations to deal with
Jackie's mother Melody.  Her experience will be vastly different than what
Jackie just went through.  She was going to suffer just as Jackie did when she
was punished.  The difference being that Bill planned to use her body for his
pleasure as well. 

Bill called over to Jack and Melody's house.  Jack answered the phone and again
thanked Bill for letting Melody see Jackie.  "She is like a different person
now.  She is animated and excited again.  Thank You." Bill told Jack that Melody
could come over daily to see Jackie but she needed to remember that Bill was in
charge and if she didn't want the restrictions back in place she had better
behave. Jack said he was sure she understood and would not pull any dumb stunts
again.  Bill asked Jack when he planned to come over and visit with Jackie. 
"Well I was going to come over tonight but since Melody spent a good part of the
afternoon with her I don't think the need is as great.  I was thinking I might
just wait until the weekend and if you will allow it, have Jackie over for the
day.  Of course you are automatically invited and we would expect you to come as
well.  Bill thought quickly and decided that this might work out real good with
his plans so he said he would let Jackie know about this turn of events when she
got out of the shower.  Are you sure you don't want to come see her this
evening?"  "No, I have some work I need to finish up so this will work better." 
Bill then asked to speak to Melody.  "I want to let her know that I was pleased
with her behavior this afternoon."  Jack put Melody on the phone.  "I want you
at my house at 9:00 tonight.  Don't forget the rules or I will add time to your
punishment.  Everyday you will come over after dinner for punishment or if you
learn to obey me instantly without delay a reward.  I don't care what excuse you
give Jack just be sure it happens.  Is this clear?"  Yes, I understand," Melody
responded.  "When did you say Jackie would be able to see me tonight?" Melody
asked.  I realized she was setting up an excuse to come over.  "She should be
through with her chores by 9:00 p.m." I said.  "How long do you think it will
take? Melody asked. "Well I know that it will take at least an hour maybe
longer.  Tell Jack that you should be home by 10:30.  When do you usually go to
bed?"  Melody replied, "Between 10:30 and 11:00 most nights."  Well you should
be able to sleep well tonight.  I will expect you at 9:00 p.m. sharp."  Melody
said OK at 9:00 then.  She hung up the phone and gave a little shudder.  I
wonder what kind of punishment Bill has in mind she thought.  It can't be
something too bad or anything that will leave marks or else Jack will see them. 

Bill made sure Jackie was safe in her room.  He wasn't worried about any noise
he might make since her room was entirely soundproof.  She would never know her
mother was being punished just outside the door to her apartment.  It was now
8:15 so Bill went upstairs to pour himself a glass of wine.  He knew that if a
person was to be part of a scene they should not drink.  He was sure that one
glass of wine would not cause a problem since it had been several hours since
dinner and the glass of wine he had then.  As Bill waited, he thought again
about the upcoming session.  Melody would not like it at all and he was sure he
would need to reinforce the consequences of not doing what she was told when it
was all over.  He also knew that she could not have any long term marks visible
on her body.  That meant that this session could not use any type of whip or
flogger that might possibly break the skin.  In fact he didn't plan on using any
striking implements during this session.  That would come in later sessions.
This session would use painful binding and electrical stimulation.  Bill got
hard just thinking about it.  He wondered why punishing Melody gave him a hard
on but he only got partially erect when he punished Jackie.  He had much
different feeling for Jackie than he did for Melody. 

At two minutes before 9:00 Bill heard a light knock on his front door.  He
turned on the porch light and looked out the window.  It was Melody.  She was
looking around in a scared fashion since the porch light came on and illuminated
her completely.  It surprised her and she felt guilty about what was to happen. 
Melody was wearing a pair of slacks and a light sweater.  Bill opened the door
and stepped back to let Melody enter. Melody came into the house and stopped
about three feet in.  She turned to face Bill who was quietly waiting for her to
shed her clothes and assume the position.  She looked quizzically at  Bill and
said, "What. What are you waiting for?  Where do you want me?" Bill just shook
his head and told her, "You have just earned yourself another 10 min. of
punishment time.  Melody's mouth dropped open and she blurted out, "What for? 
What did I do?" Bill asked her, "What are you supposed to do when you enter my
house and it is just you and me?"  Melody stood stock still and tried to
remember what she was supposed to do.  Then it hit her!  She was supposed to
take off all her clothes and then assume that demeaning and exposing position. 
She quickly stripped off her sweater and pants. Neatly folding them and setting
them on a chair in the foyer.  She then took off the bra and panties she had put
back on when she got home.  Bill hid the smile that came to his face as he saw
that she had violated another rule.  He said, "Melody, when you left my house
earlier in the afternoon you were not wearing a bra or panties.  You were
specifically told that you were to never wear them when in my house including
when other people would be present.  That means you should remove them before
ever coming over here.  This lack of attention to the rules will cost you
another 10 minutes of punishment.  You now have a full hour.  Assume the
position!" Melody got down on her knees and spread them as far apart as  she
could and then clasped her hands behind her head pulling her elbows back.  He
magnificent tits now jutted out invitingly.  Bill told her to stay there like
that until he returned.  If she wasn't in this position when he returned he
would add another 10 min to her punishment.  "Yes Sir," Melody responded.  Bill
walked out of the foyer into the living room.  He then poured himself a glass of
water and sat down to wait for Melody to tire of the position and then he would
start the punishment.  He gave her 10 minutes and then returned.  Melody was
beginning to sweat some with the effort to hold her position.  Her thighs were
trembling and her arms and shoulders were on fire trying to hold the position. 
"Sir, can I relax now?" Melody asked.  Bill made her hold the position for a
little longer and then told her she could relax.  "Thank You Sir," she responded
as she let her knees come together a little bit and lowered her arms to her
side.  When she had rested for a couple of minutes he told her to follow him. 
Melody went to get up but Bill said, "No on your hands and knees."  Melody
blushed a bright red but dutifully followed him through the kitchen and then
down into the basement.  Melody was worried that her daughter might come out of
the apartment and see her.  Then Bill said, "Don't worry about Jackie seeing
you.  She is in her apartment for the night and she won't be able to hear
anything that goes on in this room.  She is probably already asleep as she was
very tired tonight.  Now Melody, you are to crawl over to those brass plates
that are on the floor over near the wall.  When you get there you are to kneel
with one knee on each plate."  Melody crawled across the room and did as
instructed.  Bill then approached her and put a full discipline helmet on her. 
Of course the inside of the helmet held a penis gag about 5 inches long and 2
inches around. Melody had to really open her mouth wide to get the gag in and
then Bill pulled the helmet around and over her head and face.  He pulled it
tight behind her head and buckled it up in the tightest notches.  It fit
extremely tight and Melody was very uncomfortable and almost claustrophobic. 
She couldn't see or hear anything and breathing seems to be more difficult. 
Bill then opened small doors next to the brass plates and removed several
leather straps which he then used to fasten Melody's knees to the brass floor
plates.  Above Melody on a track was the chain hoist that Bill had used on
Jackie in her sessions.  He lowered the chain until the hook on the end could be
fastened to the ring on the top of the discipline hood.  He then raised the
hoist chain until Melody was stretched tightly between her knees and her head.
He then fastened her lower leg to her thighs so all of her weight was centered
on her knees.  Melody tried to groan but all that came out was a small whimper. 
Next Bill pulled her arms up behind her back and using some strong twine, he
tied one end to her thumbs and the other end went over her shoulders and was
tied onto her nipples. Now every time Melody pulled on her arms she would jerk
her nipples and pain would shoot through her tits.  She tried to hold her arms
as high behind her as possible to reduce the pain.  Next Bill took more of the
twine and began to wrap it around the base of her tits.  He wrapped it tightly
and very soon her tits seemed to swell and turn red and then purple as the blood
was trapped in them.  Bill then inserted a thin needle through each nipple.  On
one end of the needle was a small wire that led to a box next to Bill.  When
both nipples had been pierced and hooked up, Bill then brought out a long thin
rod which also had wires attached.  He lubed it up good and reached under Melody
and inserted it into her ass.  He then did the same for a metal dildo also
attached to the box.  In order to insure that both items stayed in Melody he
proceeded to put a wet adult diaper on her which secured both items in her body
and also increased the conductivity due to the moisture.  He thought he was now
ready to begin her real punishment.  Bill set the voltage dial to medium and
turned it on.  Melody immediately jerked her left arm as the current entered her
left tit.  A few seconds later she tried to double over as the current entered
her cunt.  Bill watch for a few minutes as Melody began thrashing around and saw
that she was pulling dangerously hard on her nipples as she tried to get her
arms free to pull the wires out of her.  Bill threw the switch that shut off the
box and Melody sagged in her bonds.  If she hadn't been held upright by the
chain attached to the helmet Bill was sure she would have collapsed in a heap. 
He adjusted the voltage downward some and then set the timer for 25 minutes.  He
guessed she had endured about 5 minutes of her prescribed one hour so the 25
minutes would take her half way through her punishment time.  Bill turned the
box on and stood back and watched as Melody's body jerked and tried to move as
the electrical shocks hit the various parts of her body.  Within just a few
minutes she broke out into a sweat.  Her body glistened in the lights as her
punishment continued.  When the machine shut down 25 minutes later, Melody was a
sodden mess and small mewling sounds could be heard behind the face plate of the
helmet.  Bill opened the ear flap and told Melody that he was going to take the
penis gag out of her mouth and give her a drink if she would like one.    He
also told her that she was not allowed to say anything except yes sir and no sir
to any questions he might ask.   Nod your head a little if you would like a
drink.  There was just enough give that Bill could tell she nodded yes.  He then
removed the front panel of the helmet and when he did the gag came off as well. 
Melody immediately began to beg Bill to let her go.  "Your killing me," she
cried.  I'll do anything you want, any time, any place.  Please let me go.  I've
learned my lesson.  I'll obey you every time and won't forget the rules. Please
I can't take any more!"  Bill listened to her cries and blubbering between sobs
and after he gave her a drink, told her that she didn't listen very well as she
was instructed to only say yes sir or no sir when the gag was removed.  This
outburst is probably worth  another 30 minutes of punishment."  Melody began
crying harder and kept repeating NO SIR, over and over.  After Bill allowed her
to have several drinks (he was giving her Gatorade to kept up her electrolytes
due to her loss of fluids through sweating) between her crying fits he finally
told her to quit her crying and open her mouth for the gag.  Melody clamped her
mouth tightly shut and Bill smiled, reached out and pinched her nose closed
which forced her to open her mouth to breathe.  When she did, Bill quickly
inserted the penis gag and released her nose.  He fastened the face panel and
ear panel closed and reset the timer for 30 minutes.  He reduced the voltage
setting to minimum and turned on the box.  Melody jerked again but not as hard. 
Bill then went upstairs and poured himself a glass of wine.  When he returned he
could hear Melody whinning behind her gag and her body was shaking as she
experienced an orgasm.  With the setting on low she was now being sexually
stimulated instead of the hard shocks at the beginning of the session.  She was
being kept in a state of high sexual arousal.  Bill watched as she experienced
one orgasm after another until she finally passed out. 

At that point Bill turned off the box, removed the needles from her nipples and
put an antiseptic on the needle holes.  He then untied her nipples and thumbs,
let her arms free, removed the diaper and withdrew the anal probe and dildo.  He
removed the ties around her thighs and the ties holding her on the brass plates. 
Melody began to moan as Bill lowered the chain and removed the discipline
helmet.  He laid her down on the floor and began to massage her arms and legs to
help restore circulation.  Bill went to the bathroom and brought several towels
that he dunked in cold water over to where Melody was lying.  He gently wiped
her body down with them which roused her back to consciousness.  She opened her
eyes and fixed her gaze on Bill.  "That was the most awful and at the same time
the most erotic experience of my life.  I don't ever want to experience that
first part again.  I truly thought you were going to kill me.  The pain was
terrible and I couldn't control my body and every time I moved additional pain
was added.  There were several moments when I felt I was going to pass out.  The
last part of my punishment was so intensely erotic and only the fact that I
couldn't escape the orgasms which just kept coming until my body finally had to
shut down.  It too became painful but not nearly as bad as the initial
treatment.  Please don't do this to me again."  Bill looked down at her and very
seriously told her, "I plan to punish you intensely for any infractions.  I plan
to make sure you realize that you no longer are in control of your life.  For
the next 6 months you belong to me.  If you follow my directions exactly and
immediately you will avoid punishment.  You are going to have to figure out how
you are going to do what you need to do in order to avoid punishment.  I need to
remind you that if your husband learns of your enslavement to me or there is a
problem because of it, you and your husband will be financially ruined and your
daughter will go to jail.  Melody looked down at her naked body and the red and
swollen nipples as well as her thumbs.  Outside of these reminders there was no
physical evidence of the traumatic experience she just underwent.  She asked
Bill if she could get some ice for her thumbs.  She felt she could cover for her
breasts and nipples but needed to get the swelling down in her thumbs before she
went home.  Bill helped her to her feet and helped steady her as he led her
upstairs and into the master bath.  He ran a warm bath and helped her in and
gently bathed her while she held ice packs on her thumbs.  The bath took about
15 minutes and by the time Bill had finished bathing her, the swelling in her
thumbs had just about gone away.  They were still red but Bill thought that was
probably due to the ice.  He helped her out and dried her off.  When he was
finished he caressed her body and closely examined all her private areas. 
Melody blushed when he made her bend over so he could inspect her ass hole and
shivered when he opened up her cunt and looked deeply into it.  When he was
finished with his inspection and caresses, he told her to get dressed.  Once she
was dressed Bill said, "You did well as I examined you.  If you continue to
behave in that manner you will not be punished.  I plan to make you do things
you may think you can't do, but will have to or else suffer punishment.  I will
degrade you, embarrass you, hurt you, but I will also reward you for good
behavior and give you the most wonderful sensual pleasure you can imagine.  
Keep in mid both the rewards and the punishments before you make a decision to
defy me or go against my orders."  "I will expect you back here tomorrow no
later than 9:00 a.m. You will be helping Jackie tomorrow. Now go home to your
husband and I want you to cuddle up to him and when he starts to caress your
body you offer to go down on him.  I expect you to swallow all his cum and then
clean him up before going to sleep.  It is now just past 11:00 and I am sure he
is asleep so you will have to wake him.  I am sure he won't object.  Melody just
looked at the floor and said "Yes Sir" and walked out the door.  Bill was tired
but very pleased.  That session went better than he expected.  Tomorrow would be
the big test of both his slaves.  It will be interesting to see how they react
when they each realize the other is a slave of mine.




Chapter 14

(Revelation)

Bill awoke the next morning with great anticipation.  He turned on his monitor
and saw that Jackie had already risen and had finished her morning activities. 
She looked at the clock and saw it was just after 6:00 a.m. so she didn't try to
contact Bill but picked up one of the books and began to read.  Bill prepared
breakfast and put Jackie's on a tray and took it to her apartment.  He opened
the door and entered.  Jackie had heard the door open and immediately assumed
the position.  Bill was pleased and as he brought the breakfast over to the
table, he stopped and patted her on the head saying, "Good Girl."  Jackie again
cringed inside with this treatment but made no outward sign of her discomfort. 
She only replied, "Thank You Sir."  Bill then told her to eat her breakfast and
then let him know when she was ready to come up to do her exercises and begin
her daily household chores.  With that Bill left and returned to the kitchen to
eat his breakfast. 

After he finished breakfast, Bill went back to the Master bedroom and laid out
several bondage devices; two pairs of leather wrist restraints, two pairs of
ankle cuffs, two medium sized ball gags,  one arm binder, two pairs of nipple
clamps, one deprivation helmet, and two spreader bars. That should be enough to
help the ladies overcome their horror and reluctance to follow Bill's orders
once they realize what is being demanded.  Bill covered these items with a
blanket and had just finished when he heard Jackie's voice on the intercom. 
"I'm finished and ready to exercise and start the housecleaning Sir", she said. 
Bill pushed the talk button and told her he would be right down.

Bill entered her apartment and Jackie quickly assumed the position.  Bill patted
her on the head and said, "you may go upstairs and do your workout.  When you
have finished come back down here and assume the position.  You are to remain in
the position until I come down and release you from it.  Do you understand?" 
"Yes Sir," she said and left to do her exercises.  Bill followed and went to his
study to do some web searching.  He set an alarm to go off in one hour.  He
wanted to be sure he had plenty of time to prepare Jackie before her mother came
over.

Jackie wondered what Bill had planned for her today after she finished her
workout.  Usually she was required to tidy up the house and today was the day
she was supposed to vacuum the whole house and scrub the bathroom floors both
upstairs and the one off the rec room and in her apt.  She wasn't really
comfortable yet with her nakedness but she was less nervous about it than she
was two days ago.  She smiled to herself as she realized what she was thinking. 
Two days ago she wouldn't be caught dead doing exercises and cleaning while
nude.  Bill had sure reduced her modesty, at least while in his house.  She
wondered what her parents would think or do if they ever found out what Bill was
making her do.  She knew her mother would want to have Bill castrated and her
father would probably be the one to do it.  She smiled as she thought these
things and knew that she would defend Bill if her parents ever did find out. 
She had decided after last nights reward that she enjoyed what Bill did to her
and although she didn't like the punishments, the aftermath was entirely
pleasurable. In fact she was afraid she was becoming addicted to Bill's
treatment of her.  She wanted only to please him so he would reward her.  She
still didn't understand why Bill wouldn't have sex with her.  She would
willingly go down on him now.  He must know that.  She also wondered how big he
might be and what it would feel like when he fucked her.  She now fantasized
about it all the time.  She didn't know what was happening to her but she truly
wanted to please Bill and have him make love to her.  She knew it would be
wonderful because what he did to her in foreplay was so great she was sure his
lovemaking when having intercourse would be the best ever. 

Suddenly she heard the timer go off telling her that her exercise time was up. 
She went downstairs and took a quick shower then assumed the position in the
middle of her apt living room.  She wondered how long Bill would keep her
waiting like this.  She could hold the pose for over an hour now and she hoped
Bill wouldn't keep her waiting longer than that.  She knew if she wasn't in the
perfect position when Bill came down, she would be punished.  She vowed to hold
the position as long as necessary but knew deep down that much over an hour and
her leg and arm muscles would start trembling and then no matter how hard she
tried she wouldn't be able to hold the pose.  She remembered that two days ago
Bill had told her that when her "training" was complete she would be able to
hold the pose for several hours if necessary.  At the time she didn't think that
would be possible but now after two days of exercises and practice she could
hold it for an hour so maybe he was right. 

Jackie didn't know how long she was waiting but knew it had to be some time as
she began to feel the fatigue setting in.  Just as she began to worry about how
much longer she could maintain the pose she heard Bill coming down the steps. 
She didn't look up but kept her eyes on the floor.  She didn't notice that Bill
had several of his toys with him.  Bill walked around behind her and laid his
implements down on the couch.  He walked over to Jackie and petting her on the
head said, "good girl. Don't look up or I will punish you."  Jackie did not look
up and soon felt Bill move close behind her.  He told her she could relax and
she let her arms down and allowed her knees to close a little so the strain was
off them.  Bill then told Jackie that he had someone coming over to his house in
about 30 min. and he needed to prepare her.  You will like much of what I am
going to do to you today but there will be some things that you won't.  There
will be pain and pleasure mixed together.  I am going to put a hood on you so
you can't be recognized.  You will be getting attention from two people the rest
of the morning." Jackie was aghast!  "No Bill, please don't do this to me"
Jackie begged.  Bill shook his head and said, "You have just earned 15 min of
punishment."  "Please Bill, this arrangement was supposed to have been just
between you and me!"  Bill shook his head again and said "now you have 30 min of
punishment. I never said that this arrangement would be between only you and me. 
I only said you couldn't tell anyone about it.  I will include whomever I wish
in my use of you.  Remember you are only a sex slave with no rights.  It will be
that way until after your trial.  After that it will be up to you if you want to
continue as my 24/7 submissive slave."  "Don't forget ever that I am in control
and will do whatever I want with you.  I will share your body if it so pleases
me and you will submit to whatever demands I make of you. If I tell you to fuck
a dog you will.  If I tell you to pleasure another woman you will.  If I tell
you to sell your body on the street corner you will.  I own you until your
trial.  Now you can continue to earn punishment time or submit and have a
painfully pleasurable experience before you are punished.  Do you understand?" 
"Yes Sir," Jackie replied with her head down and tears running down her face. 
Bill then had her hold her head up and look straight ahead.  He then placed a
set of ear plugs which were actually small head phones in her ears and pulled
the isolation hood over her head.  Once he had it secured he opened the flap
around her mouth so she could breath until he got the nose tubes inserted and
anchored in place.  He then inserted a medium sized penis gag in her moth and
closed the mouth flap.  Jackie was now blind, deaf and dumb.  Bill then lifted
Jackie up led her out into the center of the rec room.  He had already lowered
the chain from the ceiling and told Jackie to hold out her arms while he placed
the wrist bracelets on her as well as the ankle cuffs.  He then fastened them
together and connected them to the ceiling chain.  He raised the chain until
Jackie was nearly on tiptoes with much of her weight on her arms and wrists.  He
then pulled her legs apart which then put all her weight on her arms and wrists. 
He attached each ankle cuff to a recessed hook in the floor.  Jackie was now
stretched tightly and to Bill looked delicious with all her muscles stretched
tautly and highly defined.  She moaned into the gag as her limbs began to feel
the effects of her suspension and stretched out position. 

Bill had just finished with Jackie when the doorbell rang.  Bill looked at the
clock and saw that it was 9:00 a.m. on the dot.  Good he thought, Melody is
following directions well so far.  We will have to see what happens when she
sees her daughter.  But before that happened, Bill had to prepare Melody.  He
went upstairs and opened the door for Melody.  She came in quickly, looking
around for her daughter.  "Where's Jackie?" she asked.  Bill said, "She is
downstairs at the moment.  You will get to see her in a little while.  First
though I think you are forgetting something aren't you?"  Melody looked puzzled
and then remembered she was to be naked when in the house.  "You can't be
serious," she said.  Jackie will know something is wrong if she sees me naked. 
This won't work.  Jackie will tell Jack and then everything will come undone. 
Why are you doing this to us?"  Bill shook his head and said, "you have earned
30 min of punishment.  15 for talking without permission and 15 for not removing
your clothes when you entered the house.  Do you want to try for 15 more?" 
Melody shook her head and began to undress.  She didn't understand why Bill was
doing this when her daughter would be sure to catch them playing Bill's game. 
She was in mortal fear that Jack would find out and then their lives would be
ruined.  He would probably kill Bill and end up in jail himself and they would
lose the house and everything.  This doesn't make sense she thought.  When she
was totally nude, she had followed instructions and only wore the simple dress
with not undergarments so it was no problem to just remove the dress and be
totally naked.  Bill complimented her on at least following those directions. 
He then had Melody turn around and put her hands behind her back.  He then laced
her arms together with the arm binder and cinched them together until her elbows
met.  "Ow" Melody said as her shoulders were stretched back and her arms pulled
tight together. "Please, that is too tight. It hurts terribly and I think my
shoulders are going to dislocate" she said.  Bill just sighed and said now your
punishment time is up to 45 min.  You are only allowed to say yes or no to a
direct question.  Any other talk without specific permission will result in
punishment time.  Bill then fastened a discipline collar around her neck.  This
fit tightly under her chin and held her head up and perfectly still.  She
couldn't turn her head or move her head in any direction.  He then fastened
ankle cuff on her and hooked them together with a 18" chain so she was
effectively hobbled.  She could walk by taking short steps but couldn't run or
move very fast.  The last thing Bill did was to fasten nipple clamps tightly to
her nipples.  He tightened them down until tears started to course down Melody's
cheeks and she hissed in pain.  Now I think we are ready to go downstairs he
said to himself.  He attached a lead chain to the center of the chain connecting
her nipple clamps and started for the stairs.  Melody's eyes got wider and she
tried to shake her head no when she saw where Bill was leading her.  Her
resistance didn't last long when he pulled on her lead and her nipples took the
full brunt of the pull.  She screamed as the pain shot through her nipples and
tits.  She began to hobble along after Bill.  She hurried as fast as she could
as she didn't want any tension on the lead chain.  As long as it was slack the
pain in her nipples was just a dull ache.  When tension was placed on the chain, 
serious pain shot through Melody's tits and nipples.  Once they were down the
stairs, the going was much easier and Melody was able to keep up with Bill and
reduce the pain in her tits. 

They rounded the corner into the rec room and Melody stopped dead in her tracks
and screamed as the chain pulled on her nipples.  She stood stock still and
screamed out her pain as she yelled at Bill "What are you doing to my daughter?" 
Let her down.  She must be in extreme pain being hung up that way.  You will go
to prison for this unless Jack kills you first" she screamed.  Bill quit pulling
on her nipple chain and told her to shut up. "Now you will do everything I tell
you, when I tell you, or your daughter will take your punishment.  If you don't
want her to suffer then you better follow my directions without hesitation.  Is
that clear?"  Melody tried to shake her head but the collar kept her still. 
"You will rot in hell" for what you are doing.  I will make sure of that!"  Bill
yanked on the chain and another scream came from Melody as the pain resumed in
her tits.  He then said you now have an hour of punishment.  That along with the
30 min Jackie earned this morning means that Jackie will face an hour and a half
of punishment.  If you keep resisting me she may not survive as I will continue
to punish her until you punishment time is up.  With that he fastened Melody's
lead chain to another cable coming down from the ceiling and raised it up until
Melody as standing on tiptoes to ease the pain in her tits.

 Bill then went to the hidden cabinet and removed a flogger.  It was made of
leather and the ends were knotted so that when it struck flesh it left a special
brand of pain that went deep into the muscle.  He then started the timer and
began to flog Jackie.  She tensed up and tried to move but her bonds were too
tight and she was stretched to tightly for much movement.  She didn't know it
was coming as Bill had not activated the mic's .  Her first knowledge that there
was even someone in the room came with the searing pain of the first stroke of
the flogger.  She tried to scream but all that came out was a muted whine.  Bill
used the flogger for about 5 min and marked her entire body.  Red welts with
deep red buttons on the ends of the welts showed where the flogger and the end
knots struck her skin.  She had broken out into a sweat and her body glistened
in the light.  Melody began screaming at him to stop but Bill totally ignored
her.  She began to beg and plead and promised to do what Bill wanted but he had
to stop beating Jackie.  After Jackie was completely covered, arms , legs, tits,
belly, back, he stopped flogging her.  She hung limp in her bonds.  Bill went
over to the weeping Melody and said "OK Melody, I am going to let you help your
daughter.  When I release your arms you will hobble over to her and give her a
complete tongue bath.  I want her entire body washed with your tongue including
her hooded head.  You will see that all the sweat is removed from her and will
take special care to clean her cunt and ass.  When you have finished with her
tongue bath you will take the washcloth and basin of water I have set next to
her and gently wash her down.  When you have finished that task you will remove
her nipple clamps and gently suckle on her nipples.  When they are hard nubbins
you will then kiss your way down her body and then you will eat her out.  You
will not stop until she has an intense orgasm.  Then and only then can you step
back and relax a little.  If you do a good job I will reduce the punishment time
by 30 min.  That means she will only have 55 more min of punishment unless you
can earn them back."   Melody was shocked.  He couldn't be serious could he?  He
wants me to have intimate sexual contact with my daughter.  How depraved is this
man?  Bill had begun to unlace the arm binder and in a few minutes Melody had
her hands and arms free.  They hung uselessly by her side for a short while
until the circulation was fully restored.  When she felt she could move her arms
without too much pain Melody hobbled over to her daughter and after giving Bill
a pleading look, sighed and began to lick the sweat off Jackie's body. 

Bill watch as Melody began to tentatively lick the sweat off Jackie.  She
started at her head but there wasn't any sweat there because of the isolation
hood.  Melody tasted the rubber as she licked all over the hood both front and
back.  By the time she had finished she was less hesitant and began licking the
sweat from Jackie's neck.  She did this is long swipes with her tongue.  The
sweat was not as bad tasting as Melody though it would be.  It was somewhat
salty tasting but not sour as she expected.  Melody worked her way across the
shoulders and up the arms as far as she could reach.  Then she worked her way
back down and through the armpits.  The sweat in the armpits seemed to be a
little stronger for some reason but still not objectionable.  Melody then moved
to the other side of Jackie and completed the same pattern on that side.  When
she had finished licking Jackie all over her head and shoulders she started
moving down her body.  Melody was very nervous about licking Jackie's breasts
but knew that Bill was watching and wouldn't let her get away with skipping
them.  As she began licking around the aureoles, Jackie's nipples began to
harden.  When she licked the nipples they stood out even more.  Melody tried to
lick them only once but Bill said to be sure she got all the sweat off the
nipples so she knew she couldn't get away with only a cursory lick.  Jackie
began to feel little pangs of desire shoot through her body and centralize in
her clit.  When Melody started on the other breast, Jackie moaned into her gag. 
She was becoming aroused!!  Even though she was still feeling a lot of pain, her
body was responding to this tongue bath treatment in a positive way.  Her cunt
began to juice up and you could smell her arousal.  When Melody finally got down
to Jackie's waist, Jackie was very wet.  In fact her juices were starting to run
down her thighs.  Melody began to quickly work her way down Jackie's pussy and
when she got to the junction of her thighs she could taste Jackie's secretions. 
It was a little pungent but not too distasteful.  Melody couldn't believe that
she was turning her daughter on so much.  In fact Melody realized that she had
become damp in her nether regions as was become aroused herself.  Feelings of
guilt came over her but she couldn't control her bodies building fire.  Bill
stopped Melody and told her to bring Jackie off.  Melody blushed but in her
aroused state dove right in and began to lick and suck Jackie's cunt for all she
was worth.  It was as if a damn had burst.  Jackie went rigid in her bonds and
then began to shake as her orgasm overwhelmed her.  Melody sat back, and was red
faced with embarrassment but still very aroused.  She had never seen anyone have
such a strong orgasm and was a little jealous that it wasn't her.  She couldn't
believe that she had produced such a strong orgasm in her own daughter.  Bill
let Melody rest a minute and then instructed her to finish the tongue bath. 
Melody quickly began to lick the sweat off Jackie's legs and feet.  Bill made
her take her time cleaning up Jackie's toes and by the time she was finished
Jackie was again becoming aroused.  She couldn't believe that having someone
suck your toes or lick between them could be so arousing. 

Bill told Melody that she did such a good job he would reduce Jackie's
punishment to only her original thirty minutes.  Melody said, "thank you but
isn't there something I can do to reduce that as well?"  Bill sat back and
thought for a minute then he said, "You can take her place by adding her thirty
minutes to your time."  Melody blanched as she wasn't sure she could handle an
hour and fifteen minutes of Bill's punishments.  She looked down and then
replied, "alright but you have to make sure I can get home so Jack doesn't find
out what you are doing to us."  Bill smiled as he said, "You let me worry about
those issues.  All you need to do is follow directions.  I want you to raise
your arms straight up above your head and spread your legs apart.  You are to
maintain that position until I release you"  After Melody had assumed the
position, Bill went over to Jackie and began to release her bonds.  He released
her legs first and Jackie could again stand on her own feet.  That took the
pressure off her shoulders but they were so stiff and sore now that taking the
stress off them caused her to suffer additional pain as they tried to adjust to
the new position.  Bill turned on his mic and spoke to Jackie.  "When I release
your arms, you are to lie down on the floor on your back with your legs
widespread and your hand folded on your belly.  You will remain in that position
until I tell you different.  Jackie couldn't respond even by nodding her head
due to the posture collar.  Bill then lowered the chain and unhooked the cuffs.
When Jackie tried to lower her arms, she found it very painful and she initially
couldn't get them to move down.  Little by little her arms lowered and she
hissed with the pain.  When her arms were finally down by her side she laid down
on the floor and spread her legs wide.  She still couldn't see or hear but
didn't let that keep her from following orders.  Her entire body was sore and
she was really wrung out because of the strong climax she had experienced
earlier.  It felt good to lie down even in this exposed position. 

Once Jackie was in the required position, Bill turned his attention to Melody
again.  He brought out a punishment mask and made Melody open her mouth to
accept the large foam ball that would act as a gag when Bill had finished
getting the mask on her.  He then put cotton in her ears and melted wax which he
used to seal the cotton in her ears.  Over that he placed some foam rubber and
secured that with bands of tape which he wrapped around her head.  He then
fastened the mask in place and closed off the mouth and eye flaps.  Melody was
now blind, deaf and dumb just like Jackie. He fastened Melody's arms behind her
using a pair of handcuffs.  Bill then opened the mouth flap of Jackie's mask and
removed the penis gag.  He then released the posture collar so Jackie could move
her head.  He left her eyes covered so she was still blind and couldn't hear
except through his broadcasts to her over the mic he wore.  Jackie swallowed
several times and licked her dry lips. 

Next Bill made Melody kneel astraddle Jackie's neck facing forward.  This placed
her cunt right at Jackie's mouth. Bill activated the mic and spoke to Jackie. 
"You can earn 30 min of reprieve on your punishment time if you can make her
come with your mouth and tongue in the next 10 minutes."  Jackie was shocked! 
He wants me to lick and suck another woman's cunt!  Jackie was repulsed.  She
shook her head no but Bill forced Melody forward and Jackie couldn't turn her
head away as Melody's knees were on either side of her head.  She could only
breathe through her nose as Melody's cunt was now pressed tightly to her mouth. 
Bill waited a few seconds for Jackie to begin and when she didn't said, "You had
your chance to have your punishment time reduced to 15 min but now you will have
an hour instead.  I will give you some incentive to get to work and if you are
not started within the next 5 minutes I will add an additional 30 minutes to
your punishment time.  The whipping you received earlier was only a sample of
what you will be required to endure as I punish you further."  Bill turned off
the mic and went to his cabinet and removed a set of clamps and brought out a
small tens unit.  He went back to Jackie and saw she still hadn't started on
Melody's cunt so he attached clamps to either side of Jackie's labia and
stretched out her cunt lips.  He held them wide open by taping the clamps to her
thighs.  Now Jackie's entire cunt was visible clear into her womb.  Bill then
placed a metal prod into her cunt and shoved it in about 10 inches until he met
resistance at her cervix.  While all this was happening, Jackie had finally
opened her mouth and was begging Bill not to hurt her down there.  Bill just
laughed and said, "You had your chance, now you will receive the consequences. 
By the way, this is not part of your punishment. It is only an additional
incentive for you to get to work and bring the woman whose cunt is waiting for
your attention to orgasm.  I will release you from this torment after she has
had a strong climax.  If you can't bring her to a strong climax you will have to
bring off at least three times before I will release you."  Having said that,
Bill turned on the tens unit and began to turn the rheostat up.  Jackie screamed
as the current began to flow into her cunt and assail her cervix.  The muscles
in her cunt, and thighs began to shake.  Jackie opened her mouth and between
screams and begging for release started to lick Melody's cunt.  She worked
feverishly to make Melody cum.  After a few minutes Melody's clit began to peak
out from behind its hood and Jackie concentrated on it.  Melody began to moan
and hump her cunt into Jackie's mouth and tongue.  When she would push forward
Jackie would try to little bite the enlarging clit and send shock waves through
Melody.  Because Jackie was doing such a good job, Bill turned the rheostat down
some but made sure that there was still some current going through the probe to
stimulate Jackie and keep her motivated.  In less than a few minutes, Melody
came with a mind bending orgasm.  He entire body shook and even gagged and bound
as she was Bill could hear her scream of pleasure.  When she came down some Bill
turned off the tens unit removed the probe,  and released the clamps holding her
cunt lips open.  He then helped Melody to stand on shaking legs and refastened
her arms to the chain on the hoist.  He then stretched her up on her tiptoes. 
He then helped Jackie to her feet.  Bill  released Jackie from her mask and gave
her a drink of water.  Once Jackie had drunk her fill, she turned to look at the
woman who she had just pleasured.  She almost fainted when she saw it was her
mother and that she was now stretched out like Jackie had been an hour ago. 
"You made me eat my mother!" Jackie shouted.  Bill quietly told Jackie to quit
yelling.  "Both you and your mother have now tasted each other.  If you don't
want your mother's punishment time doubled you will assume the position and
remain there while I punish your mother.  If you move, try to interfere, or say
anything I will add time to her punishment.  Think about the pleasure your
mother gave you and then remember how she must have felt when you pleasured her. 
You will be doing a lot of that in the future.  Now assume the position!" 
Jackie was again shocked but did as she was told.  She kneeled down with her
knees wide apart and her hands laced behind her head and her elbows back.  Bill
waited for her to get into position then picked up the tens unit and approached
Melody.  He grasped her legs and pulled them out so she was now hanging from her
wrists and arms.  He fastened her legs to the shackles he had used on Jackie and
now Melody was ready for her punishment.  He knew that she would have some
bruising in her wrists and reminded himself that he would have to use makeup to
hide the bruises from Jack.  He couldn't flog her like he had Jackie for the
same reason. Jack would see the welts and bruises the flogger made.  So today
Melody would get 30 minutes of tit torture while she experiences shocks to her
clit and cunt making her cum every few minutes.  He knew that by the time the 30
minutes was up Melody would be needing some rest and fluid restoration. He
clipped one line of the tens unit to her clit and inserted the probe into her
cunt.  He used tape to hold it in.  He then wrapped thin twin about her tits as
tight as he could.  Melody's tits started turning purple right away and seemed
to be swelling up.  She moaned through her gag and tried to move but her
stretched out position didn't allow for much movement.  Bill then turned on the
tens unit.  Melody's body jerked and then she began to struggle as the shocks
continued to assail her clit and cunt.  Sweat soon popped out all over her and
she began to scream into her gag.  She jerked and twisted as much as her bond
would let her and Bill became concerned that she would dislocate her shoulders. 
He turned down the tens unit but didn't stop it from continuing to stimulate her
clit and cunt.  Melody's tits were now a deep purple and Bill knew they would be
very painful.  He had set the timer just when he began to wrap her tits.  He now
looked at it and saw that about 10 of the 30 minutes had gone by.  He looked
over at Jackie and saw she was still holding her position.  Good he thought. 
She is getting stronger.  Bill then went over to Jackie and told her he was
going upstairs to get some coffee and she was not to move.  Jackie just looked
straight ahead and said "Yes Sir".  Bill went upstairs, got his coffee and then
returned to the basement.  Jackie was still in position but was now showing
signs of fatigue.  With what she had gone through earlier Bill knew she wouldn't
be able to hold the position for the full 30 minutes.   When the timer  showed
that there was about 10 minutes left, Bill told Jackie she could relax. 

Melody had been experiencing great pain in her tits but at the same time her
clit and cunt were being sexually stimulated by the electric shock which caused
her great pleasure at the same time.  She didn't know how many times she had cum
but knew that her juices were pouring out her cunt and running down her legs. 
She was sure she would faint as she couldn't tolerate much more of this
stimulation.  Just as she was about to pass out, Bill released her legs and
placed her feet under her. She could now take a little of the weight off her
wrists and arms.  Bill lowered the ceiling cable and then unhooked the handcuffs
from the cable.  He then released Melody from the handcuffs and began to undo
the punishment hood.  When he had everything off and had taken out the gag,
Melody began to beg him to release her tits.  "They are going to be ruined if
you don't let them go.  Look how black they are!"  Bill told her that he would
release them soon and that they wouldn't suffer permanent harm until a couple of
hours went by.  He then made Jackie get up and stand behind her mother.  "Put
your arms around your mother's arms and hold them to her sides.  She will very
likely faint with the pain when I release her tits so you will have to hold her
up."  Jackie knew this to be true from her own experience with tit torture
punishment.  Melody said, "that won't be necessary.  It can't hurt any worse
than they do now."  Bill told Jackie to go ahead and support her mother.  Jackie
wrapped her arms around her mother and Bill then cut the bonds from around
Melody's tits.  At first Melody heaved a sigh of relief and then when the blood
rushed out and the new blood rushed in, Melody screamed and begged for something
to stop the pain. She then fainted.  Bill helped Jackie get her mother into the
apt and the bathtub. He made Jackie get in the tub with her mother and support
her as he adjusted the water temperature and began to fill the tub.  When the
water was up to the women's waists, Bill shut off the water and told Jackie to
begin to gently wash her mother's tits.  He gave her some aloe laced soap and
Jackie gently washed and manipulated her mother's tits arms and neck.  As she
washed and rubbed her tits, Melody moaned and began to come around.  When she
was fully conscious she realized where she was and that her daughter was
attending to her.  She relaxed and thanked Jackie for helping her.  She said her
tits were still sore but were much better now.  Then she realized that Bill was
standing there watching all this.  She became embarrassed again even though she
had been naked around him for some time now.  Having her daughter bathe her in
front of Bill was the cause of her embarrassment.  She tried to push Jackie away
and said, "I can finish up now thank you."  Bill told her to relax and let
Jackie do the work.  He then said to Jackie "Be sure to get her clean all over
and pay special attention to her cunt and ass.  Melody tried to sit up again and
push Jackie away.  "NO please don't make her do this.  I can finish up and if
you need to watch OK but don't make Jackie do this."  Bill smiled and said,
"Remember I am in charge.  You have already had intimate contact with Jackie's
cunt and she yours or have you forgotten already the wonderful orgasm she gave
you.  Well she about to do it again only this time with a wash cloth and soap." 
With that, Bill told Jackie to proceed.  Both women were now embarrassed but
Jackie did as she was told and very shortly after she started on Melody's cunt,
Melody's nipples came to sudden attention and she began to moan. Within a few
minutes Melody had another mind blowing orgasm. When she had calmed down Bill
instructed Jackie to help her out and they were to dry each other and then rest
for an hour.  Bill then turned and left the apt.  He shut the door and went
upstairs to the kitchen where he turned on a monitor so he could observe and
listen to the mother and daughter.  As he watched and listened to them, he began
to fix a lunch for them all.  It was almost 11:00 and they had been undergoing
pain and pleasure for the last two hours.  The revelations each made and
discovered amazed both women.  The biggest shock for both of them was that even
though they were forced to have sex, they had really enjoyed it.  Not the pain,
but the stimulation they gave each other with their mouths and the orgasms that
followed.  Just before they fell asleep, they both said they hoped they weren't
becoming lesbians.  Bill smiled and finished fixing their lunch as they slept
within each others arms.  




Chapter 15

(New Rules)

Bill let the women sleep for an hour and at 12:00 noon he went downstairs to the
apt. and let himself in.  The women were still sound asleep wrapped in each
others arms.  Bill went over to them and slapped each of them soundly on the
butt.  "Wake up ladies" he said. "It is time for lunch and then your afternoon
duties."  Both women jumped when Bill slapped them.  They rolled away from each
other and slowly sat up as they tried to get their sleepy bodies in motion. 
Once they were finally awake Bill reminded them of how they were supposed to
present themselves.  They looked at each other and then at Bill.  Realization
dawned on them at the same time.  The both fell to their knees spread their legs
and clasped their hands behind their heads with their elbows back.  Jackie said,
"Please forgive us sir we were not conscious when you arrived."  Bill smiled and
told them he would not give them punishment time this time, but in the future as
soon as he awoke them they must assume the position without delay.  "Yes Sir,"
they both responded.  Bill then told them to relax and stand up.  They
immediately let their arms down and stood up.  "Go up stairs and wait for me in
the kitchen.  When I enter the kitchen you will immediately assume the
position."  "I have lunch ready and we shall eat."  Jackie and Melody left the
apt. and headed up to the kitchen.  Once they were gone, Bill added two
microphones in the ceiling over the couch and the bed.  He found that the single
one he had placed earlier made listening difficult if the women were close
together and whispering.  This chore only took him a few minutes and he quickly
left the apt. and joined the ladies in the kitchen.  As soon as Bill entered
they both assumed the required position.  Bill told Jackie to relax and take a
seat at the table.  He then directed his attention to Melody.  "You will remain
in position while we eat lunch.  When we have finished I will return Jackie to
her apartment and then you will be allowed to eat.  Do not relax your position
until I allow you to.  If you do you will receive 15 min of punishment.  Do you
understand?"   Yes Sir she answered.  Jackie gave Bill a shocked look and almost
broke a rule by asking why her mother had to stay in position.  Bill then served
them lunch and told Jackie to eat.  "The longer it takes you to eat the longer
your mother has to hold position."  Jackie ate the sandwich as quickly as
possible and then almost drank her soup.  When she was finished she looked at
Bill and said, "I'm finished Sir."  Bill smiled and then told her to take her
position next to her mother.  When Jackie had assumed the position, Bill began
to explain the new rules to them.

"Since your mother decided that she needed to see you so badly, she gave herself
to me as a personal slave.  That means you both now serve me in any way, at any
time, and in any manner I choose.  It also means that I don't have to worry
about your mother finding out about your position in my house.  You both will
now have to insure that Jack never finds out and that he is happy with this
arrangement.  In return, I promise that I will not leave any marks that will
last beyond a few hours.  For Melody here it will be somewhat harder as she is
to keep her cunt shaved bald and you will need to prepare Jack for some piercing
of your breasts and cunt.  I will give you two weeks to get Jack to accept this
and I don't care how you explain your need to be pierced.  Jackie will get her
piercing starting tonight.  Both women looked aghast at Bill and both shook
their heads NO.  Melody spoke up and said, "You can't do that!  Jack will never
agree and it is something completely out of character for me.  Jack will be
furious.  I can't agree to this."  "OK" Bill said and headed for the telephone. 
"Who are you calling?" Melody asked.  Bill turned towards her and said, "the
court."  I am calling to let the judge know that you caused Jackie to violate
her terms of release and I am bringing her back to jail.  Of course you will
forfeit the cash you put down and the court will take possession of your house. 
I have also made arrangements for Jack to lose his job if our agreement for
Third Party Guardianship fails.  No one will believe you if you try to tell them
the real conditions of the personal agreements we have made.  I will convince
them that it is just sour grapes on your part since you lost everything."  Bill
turned back to the phone and when the phone was answered asked to speak to Judge
Judy.  "No", screamed Melody.  "Please hang up and let's talk about this." Bill
shook his head and said, "No discussion, it will be my way or no way.  Make up
your mind."  "OK your way.  Please hang up." Melody responded.  Just then Judge
Judy came on the line and she asked what she could do for Bill.  "I was just
touching bases to let you know things are going well with Jackie Short's
release.  There were some issues early on when the family found out that I
wasn't going to let Jackie have free rein to come and go anytime she or they
wished.  But I think we got that all sorted out now.  If there are any problems
I will let you know."  "Thank you for the update," the judge said and hung up. 
Bill replaced the receiver and turned back to the women.  "Next time I will turn
Jackie back to the court system and ruin your life.  Don't ever defy me again or
refuse me anything!  The other new rule of the house is that if either one of
you receives a punishment, the other will also receive the same punishment.  If
you don't want to be punished you will be responsible to see that the other
person also follows all the rules and directions. Do you understand that?" "Yes
Sir" Jackie responded, while Melody had released herself from the position and
had her hands to face as she cried.  Bill waited for Melody to get control of
herself and then asked her again.  Melody looked up at Bill with pleading eyes
but Bill did not relent and she finally quietly said, "yes Sir."  Bill had heard
her but is was very soft so he said, "louder, I didn't hear what you said." 
Melody then spoke up in a strong voice and almost defiantly said "YES SIR!  Bill
smiled then informed the women that they were both now subject to an hour of
punishment.  Jackie looked up stunned.  She had not released her position nor
argued with Bill about any of the new rules nor did she try to negotiate any
changes.  Why was she being punished?  Bill saw her confusion and told her to
remember that punishments were now for both of the women no matter who earned it
initially.  When your mother defied me and broke position, she earned an hours
severe punishment.  Because this is the first infraction after the change in
rules, your punishment will not be as severe as your mothers.   It is now 1:30
p.m. so we had better begin your punishments so you are somewhat recovered by
the time Jack gets home.  Remember, that he can have no suspicion that anything
is out of the ordinary.  With that he ordered the women to the basement and into
the apartment.




Chapter 16

(Differential Punishments)

After Bill had closed and locked the apt. door he instructed Jackie to lie down
on her bed with her arms and legs outstretched.  He told her not to move no
matter what happened or how much something hurt.  "If you move either your arms
or legs, I will add 15 min more punishment time to you and your mothers time."
He then went to the wall cabinet and pressed the button to open it.  He removed
a blindfold and placed it on Melody.  He then brought out a number very painful
toys that he planned to use on both women.  Jackie could see what Bill removed
and had turned almost chalk white.  She knew this was going to be a very painful
hour.  She just hoped she could hold still so she wasn't responsible for
additional torment.  There was also the question in the back of her mind if
after the punishment, Bill would treat her the same as he did after her first
punishment.  She hoped so because it made the recovery happens much faster and
she had also had the best orgasm of her young life.  Bill was still working on
arranging the room and suddenly Jackie realized that he was bringing in the
"special horse".  She gasped when she saw it but didn't move a muscle.  Her body
broke out into a sweat just from seeing it again.  She was sure it wasn't for
her since he had told her to lie down and not move.  She felt very sorry for her
mother though because it is an awful device that causes extreme pain in your
cunt but doesn't leave a marks except for maybe a small tear near the clit. 

Bill was now ready to start Melody's training in earnest.  If she thought her
earlier experience was bad, she would definitely not want to repeat this
session.  Bill pulled her arms behind her and enclosed them in the arm binder. 
He cinched it up as tight as he could and Melody began to groan.  When he had
her elbows almost touching and Melody had her chest thrust out as far as
possible, he tied off the laces.  He then lowered the ceiling chain and hooked
the arm binder to it.  Retracting the chain caused her arms to be lifted up
behind her and she was forced to bend forward. He attached alligator clips to
her nipples and the teeth bit into the tender flesh.  Melody cried out but
couldn't do anything about the terrible pain in her tits.  Bill then wound the
hemp twine around the base of her tits and cinched it up tight.  Melody cried
out and begged Bill not to torture her breasts that way again.  Bill picked up a
penis gag and made Melody open her mouth wide and accept the gag.  It almost
went to the back of her throat and she felt like she was going to gag on it. 
Bill then braided a leather cord into her hair and pulled her head back sharply. 
He attached the free end of the cord through the ring at the end of the arm
binder which kept Melody's head up and back.  The position put a terrible strain
on her neck muscles.  Next Bill forced her kneel and bound her ankles to her
thighs and then to the ring on the arm binder.  Melody was now in a strict
hogtie.  Tears were starting to pour down her cheeks and her muscles began to
cramp.  She moaned and begged and tried to plead with Bill through her gag.  She
had never ever felt pain like this and never had she been so helpless.  Of
course Bill wasn't through yet.  He greased up a large 2 1/2 inch butt plug and
forced it into Melody's ass.  She was sure she had sustained damage in her
rectum as it spread her apart.  She was positive she felt herself tear and
believed she could feel blood running down her ass crack to her cunt.  Once the
butt plug was securely seated in her ass, Bill then raised the chain and
Melody's full body weight was placed upon her arms, legs and hair as she was
raised off the floor.  She screamed into the gag and begin to babble begging to
be let down.  Bill moved her along the track and positioned her directly over
the horse.  He let her down until her cunt rested on the ridge with her full
weight resting on it.  The narrow edge split her labia and they hung over the
edges of the narrow beam.  Once Melody was situated on the horse Bill attached
clips to her labia with heavy weights attached.  They stretched her cunt lips
down about 2 inches.  It made her cunt look abnormal.  It also increased the
pain two-fold as it forced her cunt down harder on the beam.  Bill stepped back
and looked at his handiwork.  Melody was in extreme pain and continued to babble
and plead through the gag for Bill to release her.  She was promising to be a
very obedient slave and never again defy him.  Bill ignored her pleas and
watched as tears cascaded down her cheeks to fall on her stretched and bloated
tits.  He set the timer for 45 minutes and then directed his attention to
Jackie.

Jackie was almost paralyzed with fear.  She knew what her mother was going
through but Bill had added a touch or two more pain for her mother's ride on the
horse.  She could hear her moaning and pleading through the gag and felt so
sorry for her.  What did Bill have in store for her?  He said they would have
the same punishment but he only has the one horse.  Will my turn come when he is
finished punishing mother?  She didn't have to wait much longer for her answer. 
Bill approached her with several pads that looked like the kind used for EKG
tests.  He spread some ointment of some kind on them and then began to place
them over her nipples, along her cunt lips, on her toes and in her armpits.  He
placed 10 of them in all.  He still hadn't fastened her arms or legs with any
type of binding but Jackie held herself spread just as he had instructed.  Bill
turned away and went back to the cabinet.  When he returned he had two stainless
steel probes and a small stainless steel clip which was smooth but had a strong
spring.  "Your punishment will be slightly different from your mothers" he said. 
Since you didn't actually do anything wrong and I have only one "horse", I have
chosen a different kind of torment for you"  He then inserted the large probe in
her ass.  The small thin probe he slowly inserted into her urethra until it
reached the entrance to her bladder.  Jackie screamed as he inserted it and her
legs came up and her hands came down to try and protect her genitals.  Bill
said, "get your arms and legs back in the spread position or I will add 30 more
minutes to your time." I should anyhow since you broke position but since this
is your first experience with genital torture, I will make this one exception." 
Jackie begins to plead with Bill not to do this.  "It hurts terribly, please
take it out" While she is pleading, she does spread her arms and legs back out
into the spread eagle position.  It is with great effort that she accomplishes
this as her normal body reaction is to pull into the fetal position to protect
her body.  "No talking" Bill tells her.  "I should add time for this breach of
the rules. You must learn to control yourself and endure your punishments
without complaint."  Bill then attached clips to the edges of her inner lips to
hold the probe in place.  Next Bill attached a series of wires to the patches
and the ends of the probes.  These wires led to a Ten's unit that Bill had set
up near the bed.  Jackie no longer thought about her mother.  She was now only
concerned with her own fate.  Bill moved up near the head of the bed and spoke
to Jackie.  "Your job is to maintain this position at all costs.  It will be
difficult but I expect you to do it.  If you move your arms or legs as you are
stimulated by the random current flows, I will restrict your use of that
extremity for several hours.  If you move them all, I will bind you in such a
way that you will experience what a quadriplegic's life is like.  So if you
don't want this punishment to continue beyond your hour, don't move.  You may
squirm, yell, scream, moan, but no begging or profanity.  This will be your
first trial of self control in a stressful situation."  With that Bill turned to
the master unit and flipped it on.  He had preset the amperage at a light level
for this first time in order to give Jackie some chance of success.  He knew
that at higher levels it would be impossible for her to maintain her position
but at this level she should be able to.  Bill sat back to watch his slaves as
they spent the next 45 minutes in exquisite torture. 

Melody's body had broken out into a sweat and Bill could see a small amount of
blood running down the side of the narrow beam between her cunt lips.  Her
breasts were now almost black from the trapped blood and her thighs and lower
legs were starting to tremble with the effort to push herself up off the edge of
the horse.  Of course she couldn't get much of her weight up fastened as she was
but her body was trying anyway.  She was moaning and still pleading but it was
not at the earlier level.  No more tears came from under her blindfold as she
had cried them all out.  With each additional minute she sat there, the muscular
spasms increased.  Within 15 minutes her whole body began to shake which only
made the pain in her cunt worse. She could no longer take any of her weight off
her crotch so her full weight now rested on her cunt and asshole.  Melody prayed
she would pass out.  She was sure that she wouldn't be able to even walk home
let alone pretend she was alright.  How did Bill think Jack wouldn't know
something was wrong?  The pain was worse than any she had every endured even
childbirth.  By the time the timer rang, she was almost delirious with the pain
and on the verge of passing out.  When the timer rang, Bill went over to the
wall and pushed to switch that cause the ceiling cable to begin its slow trek
along the track.  As with Jackie it forced Melody to bend forward and put more
pressure on a smaller area of her cunt. By the time the last 15 minutes was up,
all her weight now rested on her clit and she had finally passed out with the
pain.  As soon as the timer indicated that the last 15 minutes was up, Bill
reversed the cable and Melody's body was allowed to come back so that her weight
was again distributed along the entire length of her cunt and none of it was
born by her clit.  Once the cable was overhead, Bill raised it which lifted
Melody up off the horse but again put a lot of pressure on her arms and legs as
she was held in the hogtie position.  He then moved her away from the horse and
lowered her body to the floor.  He released her from the strict hogtie and
allowed her head to again rest on the floor in a more natural position.  Once he
had her laid out on the floor her removed the butt plug and dildo and arm
binder.  As he pulled her arms forward so he could roll her over on her back,
she moaned as the muscles protested the movement.  He then removed the clips
from her nipples and unbound her tits.  It was a good thing she was still
unconscious as even in this state she moaned very loudly and her body jerked as
the pain rolled through her tits.  Melody was now completely unfettered and
although still unconscious, was breathing normally again and her tits were
returning to a more normal color although they were still somewhat red and
swollen.  Bill now turned his attention back to Jackie.

As soon as Bill threw the switch, Jackie felt a mild jolt of electricity shoot
through her right breast. It didn't last long and didn't particularly hurt but
her initial body reaction was to move.  Her arm jerked but she fought down the
urge to move it and since the jolt was short she was successful.  Her nipple
immediately perked up and became highly sensitized.  About a minute later there
was a similar shock to her left toe but lasted much longer.  The current
traveled up her foot and leg and grounded out through her cunt.  This time
Jackie had a much harder time controlling her reactions and grunted as she
fought off the urge to move her leg.  Next came a shock to her clit followed
immediately by a jolt to the probe in her ass.  Now Jackie jerked noticeably but
didn't significantly move her arms or legs.  She hissed through her teeth and
cursed under her breath.  This was almost worse than the painful punishment Bill
put her through two days ago.  The current alternated to the different locations
on her body in a random pattern and with varying durations so Jackie had no way
to know where or how long the next shock would come.  Her nipples felt like they
were about to explode and her cunt was now on fire.  Her juices were flowing and
Jackie couldn't believe it but she was now turned on to the max.  She
desperately needed to cum but the stimulation didn't last long enough to allow
that.  Her shoulders ached from the tension in them to keep her arms from moving
especially when the electrodes in her armpits were activated.  She began to
sweat and that just increased the conductivity of her body so the shocks
traveled further through her body before grounding out or dissipating.  Her
scalp even tingled and her eyelids began to flutter in a spastic manner.  The
one probe that hadn't been activated yet was the one in her pee tube.  Jackie
turned her head and looked at the timer Bill had started when he threw the
switch.  Only 20 minutes had gone by.  Her need to cum escalated and she began
to moan and roll her head from side to side.  The effort to keep her arms and
legs quiet and spread out was becoming infinitely more difficult.  She began to
slowly raise her hips hoping to help make herself cum.  It didn't do any good. 
Her need was becoming overwhelming and she didn't know how much longer she could
hold out and not start begging Bill to let her cum.  She moaned and groaned and
the stimulation was now passing through the arousal stage and entering into the
painful stage.  She couldn't escape the shocks and her whole body was now so
sensitized that it became one painful organism.  She was aware of her mother's
screams and moans and of her begging but couldn't really care about that
anymore.  Her need transcended anything else.  She began to bite her lip to keep
from crying out and begging Bill to let her cum and to stop the now painful
stimulation.  She was sweating profusely and her bedding was now soaked with her
sweat.  When she heard the timer set for her mother go off, she thought it was
hers and that her ordeal was finally over.  She turned her head to look at the
timer and almost passed out when she realized that the timer wasn't hers.  Then
she heard her mothers screams escalate and she tried to see what was happening
but couldn't raise her head enough without moving her arms and legs.  After some
minutes her mother's screaming stopped and now was just a loud moan.  Then her
timer went off.  At last! She thought.  Unfortunately, she still had another 15
minutes to endure.  Right after her timer buzzed the probe in her pee tube came
to life.  She screamed out at the top of her lungs and lifted her arms and
raised her knees.  Even though it was on low voltage and amperage the shock to
her internal organs was extremely painful and in no way sexually stimulating. 
It lasted for several seconds and when it quit Jackie put her arms and legs back
in the spread eagle position and hoped that Bill hadn't seen the movement. 

No such luck!  Bill had seen it all and knew that when that probe came to life,
at least the first time, Jackie would be unable to control her reactions.  He
was prepared to overlook this one time since Jackie had done so well for so
long.  He had programmed this probe to operate about every 3-4 minutes and last
from 1-3 seconds each time.  He had just finished releasing Melody and had
turned to see how much time Jackie had left when her timer went off and the
first shock to the last probe was activated.  He watched intently now to see if
she was going to have to suffer an additional 30 minutes for moving her arms and
legs.  Jackie now shook not only from over sexual stimulation but fear of the
next shock to her pee tube probe.  It wasn't just the pain which was extreme but
the knowledge that she had been unable to stop the movement of her arms and
legs.  Please she thought, let that one time be all for that probe.  Just as she
uttered that prayer under her breath it came to life again.  Again she screamed
but was much better able to control her arms and legs. They twitched and jerked
some but she was able to keep them pretty much in place.  Then with horror,
Jackie realized that she badly needed to empty her bladder.  "Oh no please", she
begged silently. "Let me hold out for just another 10 minutes and my time will
be up."  She had no sooner finished that little silent prayer when the probe was
activated again.  It seemed to go on for ever as Jackie strained to keep her
arms and legs straight out and spread wide.  When the current quit flowing
Jackie was mortified.  The shock had released her bladder and she was peeing all
over herself and the bed.  It hurt something awful as the piss worked its way
past the probe to spray out all around her cunt and all over her bedding.  She
began to cry in earnest at this and almost folded up in a fetal positions but
caught herself at the last minute and remained spread on the wet smelly bed. 
There were two more short shocks after that but Jackie was able to control her
limbs and remain spread.  She had never been more humiliated in her life.  Her
timer finally went off.  Bill stepped forward and turned the switch off.  He
instructed Jackie to hold her position until he released her from it.  He was
very proud of Jackie and knew that this was much harder on her than the earlier
painful session had been.  He decided he would reward her for her excellent
progress in controlling her body and the supreme effort she made to obey his
orders under extremely stressful conditions. 

He began to remove the probes.  First the anal probe which he  unhooked and took
to the bathroom where he cleaned it off in the toilet and then washed it in the
sink until it was again a bright shiny probe.  When he got ready to remove the
pee tube probe he told Jackie that this might hurt some and there will be more
urine which will run out and that she wouldn't be able to control it but not to
worry.  She wouldn't be punished for this loss of control.  He then swiftly in
one smooth motion removed the probe.  Jackie hissed in pain and just as the
probe cleared her body a substantial amount of piss followed.  It drained out of
her and no matter how hard she tried to control it, the flow continued for
several seconds.  Again, Jackie was embarrassed and turned red over her entire
body.  She looked up at Bill and asked, "May I ask you a question Master?"  Bill
smiled at this and nodded his head. "Will I ever get control back?"  Bill
laughed out loud and said, "Certainly.  By morning you will be back to normal.
The muscles that control your bladder and urinary tract have just been
temporarily paralyzed by the electric shock.  They will begin to recover soon
and by morning you should be back to normal.  Of course that means that you will
need to wear an adult diaper tonight when you go to bed to insure you don't make
a mess like this while you sleep.  Jackie had a stricken look on her face.  She
couldn't believe that Bill would do this to her.  What was he trying to do to
her?  Make her become an infant again?  There was nothing she could do about it
now so she just said, "yes Sir."  Bill then told her to strip her bed including
the rubber sheet he had placed under her sheets earlier and make up the bed. 
She was to start washing her bedding to help get rid of the strong urine smell. 
"While you are doing that, I am going to help your mother recover from her
ordeal.  She will receive some private attention now." Bill told Jackie.  Jackie
got up and began to strip her bed. 

Meanwhile Bill had picked up Melody and carried her into the bathroom to start
working on her recovery.  He had just a little over an hour to get her
functioning again before Jack came home from work.  He would have to hurry but
felt that he could have her up and moving well by then.  What she wouldn't be
able to do for a few days was make love to her husband unless she provided him
with anal sex.  She would need to make up some excuse and with the small wound
to her cunt Bill thought she might use the excuse that her period came a little
early.  Bill started the bath water and Melody began to moan and move her body
some.  She was waking up and Bill wanted her to wake up in a soothing bath. 
When the tub was half full Bill picked up Melody and gently placed her in the
tub.  The water came up over her perky breasts and up to her neck.  Melody's
eyes fluttered and she slowly opened them.  When she could focus her eyes she
realized she was no longer blindfolded and was in a nice warm bath.  Seeing Bill
she panicked and tried to sit up so she could get in position.  Bill grabbed her
and told her to relax.  I will take care of you right now so lay back and let me
help you.  With that Melody relaxed and lay back in the tub.

Bill gently washed Melody all over.  He was very careful when cleaning her cunt. 
He made her stand up so he could inspect her closely and was surprised that she
was in such good shape considering how long she was supported by her genitals. 
In fact, there was just a little bruising.  There was not even a little tear as
happened with Jackie.  Bill was pleased that Melody wouldn't have to make
excuses until a wound healed.  She would be sore for a few days but could
probably tolerate intercourse if she needed to.  Bill had her sit back down in
the tub and then proceeded to wash her hair.  He then had her stand up while he
drained the tub and then made her sit back down while he ran clean water that he
slowly increased in temperature until her skin glowed a bright pink.  Then he
proceeded to deep massage her arms, legs, back and neck.  After he finished the
massage, he made her step out of the tub and dried her with a thick fluffy
towel.  Next he used the blow dryer to dry her hair and used Jackie's brush to
brush it out.  Melody couldn't believe how gentle Bill was and was more
surprised when she found she could move without any pain in her shoulders or
legs.  He cunt was still sore but other than that you wouldn't have known she
had just endured an hour of extreme bondage and torture.  Bill then gave her a
sweat suit similar to the one he gave Jackie and had her pick up her clothes on
her way home. 

She left Bill's house and quickly made her way over to her house where she put
her clothes in the hamper and began to prepare dinner for Jack.  She was in the
kitchen when Jack got home and came in and kissed her on the back of her neck. 
She turned and gave him a long slow kiss and played tongue tag with him.  When
she finished the kiss, Jack stepped back and said, "What's gotten into you?" 
"Nothing," she replied.  "I just wanted you to know I was happy you were home." 
She finished fixing dinner and after they had eaten Jack asked her if she wanted
to go visit Jackie.  Melody said she didn't need to as Bill had let her spend
some time with her today.  She blushed a little when she said "we got a lot
closer today than we have ever been."  "Maybe this arrangement will be better
than I thought if we continue to strengthen our relationship."  Jack was
surprised at this comment because until now all he had ever heard her do was
complain about the situation.  Jack picked up the phone and called Bill to see
if he could come over and see Jackie for awhile this evening or if Bill didn't
mind they could both come to their house.  Bill told him he would be welcome and
that they would be finished with dinner in about 20 minutes.  Jack said fine
I'll be over around 7:00.  He hung up and asked Melody if she was sure she
didn't want to come along.  "No you go and have a good visit" Melody responded. 
She was getting very tired and the effects of today were finally catching up
with her. "I'm getting very sleepy" she told Jack.  "I think I will just head
for bed."  After cleaning up the kitchen she kissed Jack goodnight and headed up
to bed.  Jack puttered around for another 20 minutes and then headed over to
Bill's house. 

Bill had told Jackie that her father was coming over in a little while and she
was to see that he was welcomed as a good daughter would.  Therefore when Jack
rang the doorbell, Jackie opened the door and welcomed him in with a kiss and
hug.  She really didn't feel up to entertaining as she was drained by the day's
activities.  All she really wanted to do was go to bed and rest.  Instead, she
smiled brightly at her father and asked if he wanted a glass of wine or a beer. 
"A glass of wine would be nice" he said.  Jack was again puzzled.  He was sure
she again wasn't wearing a bra under her sweat shirt.  When did she start going
braless.  That wasn't like her or least like the daughter he knew before she
landed in jail.  Jackie brought him the wine and then invited him to her apt. 
We can visit without disturbing Bill she told him.  Bill had gone to his study
and as they were going downstairs Bill reminded Jackie to turn on the intercom. 
Remember, sight and sound.  Jackie said she would and they descended the steps
and headed for her apt.  Once there, Jackie turned on the intercom and reminded
her father not to close the door or they would have to have Bill come down to
open it.  Jack laughed and said, "I had forgot about the arrangements here." 
"Is it a big problem having to always ask Bill when you want to go out of the
apt?"  "Not so far," she replied.  "The only time I have the door closed is when
I am ready to sleep for the night.  Bill insists that I am in my room by 10:30
p.m. every night as that is when he gets ready for bed.  He doesn't have to
worry about the security that way and he can go to sleep when he wants to.  I
sometimes stay up and read or watch a little TV but am usually tired too and go
to bed shortly after he closes the door.  Jack accepted her statement and they
made themselves comfortable in the apt.  Jack sat in the easy chair and Jackie
sat on the bed.  They talked about inane things for a few minutes and then Jack
finally asked the question he had been putting off.  "Why aren't you wearing a
bra?" Jackie laughed and said, "Dad, you are so old fashioned.  At school I
often go bra less when I am lounging around the dorm.  It is so much more
comfortable unless I am doing exercises or something and then I put on a sports
bra.  Is there a problem with how I am dressed?"  "No," Jack responded, It is
just that you never went that way when you were home before and I was wondering
what caused you to change."  Jackie smiled and said, "Dad most of the girls go
bra less in the dorms.  It is no big deal."  "Do they also go without panties?"
Jack asked.  Jackie looked shocked and then embarrassed by her fathers question. 
"Dad!" she responded in exasperation.  "What makes you think I am not wearing
any panties?"  "Like most men, I pay attention to what an attractive woman is
wearing and since your sweat pants fit fairly tight, and I can't see a panty
line, I assumed you weren't wearing any panties either."  For a moment Jackie
was at a loss for a reasonable response.  She began to fidget, and frantically
tried to think of a plausible excuse.  Then he heard the washing machine start
up and knew that Bill was providing a way out for her. "Dad, I don't usually go
without panties but since I didn't bring a lot of extra ones over yet, I usually
wash them every two days.  I took them off just before you came over since Bill
had asked if I needed anything washed as he was going to run a load of wash.  I
slipped them off and didn't even think about till now.  Please don't embarrass
me in front of Bill by making any comments about how I am dressed." Jackie
pleaded.  "Alright honey, I will be careful but I don't think you should dress
so casual even if you are only going to be staying in or around the house.  Bill
is a man after all and you wouldn't want to give him a heart attack by dressing
too casual."  Jackie laughed and thanked her dad for the compliment.  I wonder
what he would say if he really knew how I dressed when nobody else besides Bill
and mom were here.  He would probably be the one to have a heart attack. 

Jack then switched the conversation to her trial and asked if she had talked to
her attorney recently.  Jackie told him no but that she had an appointment with
him on Wed of the following week.  "Bill is taking me to his office.  I am
really worried about this thing.  I know that the little bit of "happiness" I
gave Cheryl couldn't be responsible for her death. It was only enough to make
her feel relaxed and mellow.  I had used some the next day to relax after my
midterms and it didn't kill me.  I really don't understand what happened.  The
DA said it was full strength and even a small amount would stop the heart.  I
have never bought uncut drugs and didn't this time either.  Why was Cheryl the
only one affected? Why not myself and my boyfriend who use the same stuff the
next day from the same container?  It just doesn't make sense."  Jack hugged his
daughter and said, "just be sure to tell only the truth to your attorney and
don't try to hide anything no matter how incriminating it might be.  He has to
no everything in order to prepare the defense because the DA will certainly
continue to investigate and will know things you are absolutely sure no one
could know but you."  "OK dad, I will be sure to tell him everything and to
answer all his questions."  Jack then said, "Well it is getting late so I must
be going.  I will see you Wed. evening after you have met with the attorney.  I
want to know how it went. 

Jack then got up and gave his daughter a light fatherly kiss and hug then went
upstairs to tell Bill he was leaving.  Bill was in his study and had just turned
off the monitor when Jack entered.  He thanked Bill for all he was doing to help
Jackie and again said he was glad the he and Melody had worked out their
differences so Melody could see Jackie during the day.  They shook hands and
Jack walked back to his house. 

It was dark and all the lights were off.  Why didn't Melody leave on a night
light for me he wondered.  Of course Jack didn't know that Melody was so worn
out by the days activities that she didn't even think about turning on a night
light.  She had just gone straight to bed and made sure she turned out all the
lights as she usually did when she was going to bed.  Jack quietly entered the
house and made his way up the stairs to the master bedroom.  Melody was fast
asleep and had kicked the covers off.  Her night gown had ridden up and Jack and
a great few of her shapely legs and hairless crotch.  "HAIRLESS CROTCH he almost
shouted.  When did she do that? Melody was sleeping so soundly that Bill decided
to wait until morning to ask her about it.  Jack couldn't understand what was
going on with his daughter and now his wife.  They never acted this way before.
Jack shook his head and gently slipped into bed, turned off the light and closed
his eyes.  Just before he fell asleep, he remembered the night before when
Melody came back from seeing Jackie.  He had fallen asleep and when Melody got
home she woke him up by giving him a great blowjob and then really surprised him
by swallowing his entire load.  This was way out of character for Melody as she
rarely gave a blowjob and had never swallowed it before.  That was a real turn
on for Bill. He then took her and made gentle love to her.  She seemed to be
super sensitive and groaned when Bill had entered her but kept coming back for
more so Bill kept up his part until both of them came a second time.  Melody had
then thanked Jack, kissed him and rolled over and went to sleep.  He couldn't
remember a time when they had both had two orgasms within such a short time. 
Whatever was happening, to make his wife more uninhibited, Jack wasn't going to
interfere if it continued to cause Melody to have sex more often.  Those were
the last thoughts Jack had before drifting off to sleep.




Chapter 17

(Reward-Painful pleasure)

As soon as Jack left, Bill went downstairs to the apt. When he entered, Jackie
immediately assumed the position.  She hadn't removed her sweat suite yet and
realized that she might be punished.  She was surprised when Bill told her to
relax.  He then told her how proud of her he was and that she was wise to remain
clothed until she was sure her father was gone.  "Now that he is gone, you need
to remove your sweats."  Jackie immediately stood up and removed her sweats. 
She was amazed that it no longer bothered her to be naked in front of Bill.  Of
course she had been like this for most of three days and she had no secrets from
Bill anymore.  Once she was naked Bill told her to lie on her back on the bed
with her arms and legs outstretched.  He then fastened cuffs to her wrists and
ankles and attached them to the four corners of the bed frame.  He did not
stretch her out real tight but Jackie had very little ability to move.  She
looked at Bill with questions in her eyes.  Bill knew she wanted to ask a
question and he was so pleased with her that he told her she could talk at will
until he told her the rules were back in place.  Jackie said, "Thank you Sir.
Why am I being punished?  I thought you were pleased with how I handled my
father.  I also want to thank you for starting the washing machine when you did. 
I was at a loss to explain my lack of panties.  I think I need to wear some type
of panty when I am around my father.  I think he can adjust to me going without
a bra but I don't think he will understand why I don't wear panties."  Bill
smiled down at her and said, "You are not being punished.  I intended to reward
you and the restraints are to help you control yourself since I expect you will
be in the throes of an orgasm much of the time for the next 30 min.  I also
agree that we will have to find some type of panty that has a panty line so your
father will not become too curious."  Bill then began to play her body.  He used
the magic wand, a vibrator, feathers, and of course his hands.  He brought to
the heights of ecstasy and didn't let her come down for the full 30 min.  She
was screaming for him to stop after the first 10 min as she couldn't stand the
stimulation and the repeated organisms.  Pleasure had become too great and was
now painful.  Bill finally let her come down and he gently brought her over
sensitized body down from the sexual heights.  When she was breathing normally
he unfastened her restraints and remove the cuffs.  Bill then picked her up and
carried her into the bathroom where he again ran a tub of almost hot water and
gently bathed her.  When he had her completely dried he carried her back to the
bed and tucked her in.  Just as she was closing her eyes, Bill leaned over and
gave her kiss on the lips.  It wasn't a passionate kiss but it wasn't a fatherly
or brotherly kiss either.  Jackie smiled and thought to herself.  It won't be
long before he makes love to me.  She drifted off to sleep with that thought.




Chapter 18

(A Quandary Brewing)

Jack woke up early the next morning and after taking care of his morning needs,
returned to the bedroom to see if his wife was awake yet.  It was 6:00 a.m. and
he needed to get ready for work but had some serious questions for Melody.  Why
was her cunt shaved, and what was causing her to have fewer inhibitions during
sex?  This was a very different person than the Melody of just a week ago.  What
was causing this change in behavior?  It all started after Jackie was arrested
and they worked so hard to get her released.  Did Jackie have anything to do
with it?  As a matter of fact, she was acting a little strange at times too.  I
have never seen her go bra-less let alone panty-less before.  Is Bill somehow
involved in this strange behavior?  Bill couldn't see how.  He was over 60 years
old and since his wife died kept pretty much to himself.  He was kind enough to
act as the third party guardian and although he seemed a little strict about
that job, it seemed to be working out ok. 

Melody slept on and Jack decided he would get his answers tonight and proceeded
to fix his breakfast and head to work.  Shortly after Jack left for work, Melody
awoke and looked around to see if Jack was up.  When she realized she overslept
and Jack had already left for work, she felt very guilty.  She vowed to make it
up to him when he got home from work tonight.  It was Friday night and they
didn't have to get up early so she would make sure he had a good dinner and lots
of uninhibited sex.  She would make him tell her one of fantasies and she would
make it come true.  Boy, will that ever surprise him.  Little did Melody know
that Jack had other plans for the evening.  He was going to get to the bottom of
his wife and daughter's strange behavior.  He wasn't going to buy anymore
"laundry" stories.  Something else was going on and he planned to get answers.

Melody had not been given instructions on what time she was to appear a Bill's
house.  She wasn't even sure if she was supposed to go over there today. 
Nothing had been said about it yesterday.  She waited until about 9:00 a.m. and
then decided she better go see what orders Bill had for her today.  She walked
across the two yards and knocked on the door.  Bill opened it and stood back to
let her enter.  She was wearing a lightweight summer dress and as soon as she
stepped into the house she immediately pulled it off over her head.  She was
stark naked under it and had made sure she shaved her cunt before coming over. 
She assumed the position and waited for Bill to speak.  Bill smiled and thought
to himself that she was learning quick.  Bill told her to relax and that he
would be right back.  Melody sat back on her haunches and let her arms fall to
her sides.  She only waited a few moments before Bill returned with Jackie.  She
too was nude and had a couple of dark smudges on her forehead and cheek.  Melody
looked carefully at the smudges to see if they were bruises but they were only
dirt smudges.  Jackie kneeled down and was going to get into the position but
Bill told her to relax also.  He then said, "you have entered a new phase in
your relationship since yesterday.  Starting today you are going to develop a
much closer personal relationship that transcends mother/daughter.  You are both
adult women now and I will expect you to remember that.  No more mother in
charge, daughter follows.  You are tied together in this venture as if you were
twins.  Do you understand what I am trying to say?"  They both looked a little
puzzled and together said, "I'm not sure I do."  Bill then went on to explain.
"You are both responsible to see that my demands are met.  Neither one of you
should consider whether it was the mother or daughter who failed, only that if
either of you fails, you both fail and receive the appropriate punishment.  By
the same token when you do well and I am pleased, you both shall be rewarded. 
After the trial, depending on how it turns out, each of you will have the option
of going back to your old vanilla life or continuing on as my personal sex toys
and slaves.  Does that help clear up what I am talking about?"  Both women
looked at each other and then at Bill.  Melody said, "what about Jack?  He
didn't wake me up to get his breakfast this morning and was suspicious about
what I was doing over here so late when I got home and woke him to have sex.  I
think he knows something is going on."  "I told you that Jack was your problem. 
You deal with it however you feel you must. That goes for you as well Jackie.  I
am going to give you the schedule for the rest of the day and I expect both of
you to follow it.  You may talk here for 15 min. about how to handle Jack then I
expect you both to begin work on the housecleaning.  With both of you working it
shouldn't take too long and then I want you both in the apt.  I will be down
there shortly after you finish up.  I need to run a quick errand so I am
activating the sensor field and will be wearing the earphone so I can monitor
everything you say.  It has a range of two miles and I won't be that far away. 
After lunch, you both will go over to your place and clean it as well.  I expect
the cleaning to be done by 3:00 p.m.  I will come over then to inspect.  At 4:00
Jackie and I will leave for an appointment I have made for her downtown.  Melody
you are free to do what you want after that but I would suggest you best be well
into having dinner ready when Jack gets home.  If he is as suspicious as you
say, I don't think he will be too tolerant of a late dinner."  Having said all
that, Bill left the living room and went to his study where he closed the door
and began to smile. "Let's see if they can come up with a reasonable excuse for
their dress and behavior" Bill thought to himself.  

Jackie turned to her mother and asked, "Do you really think dad is suspicious of
something?"  "Oh yes", her mother said.  "I know he is.  What kind of reasonable
explanation can we have for not wearing a bra or panties?"  "Well the bra-less
look is the rage on campus now so I can probably get away with that excuse but I
don't know what to say about no panties, Jackie responded.  When dad realized
yesterday that I wasn't wearing any panties under the sweats, I though he was
going to have a stroke.  He looked so funny with that puzzled "what the hell is
going on" look.  I was at a momentary loss but Bill came to the rescue by
starting the washing machine so I just used the same excuse you did earlier.  I
don't think that is going to work much longer"  Melody and Jackie sat in silence
for a moment and then Melody said, "Maybe Bill will relent and let us wear
thongs or brief French cut panties so there would at least be some type of panty
line when wearing sweats or shorts or slacks that are fairly tight. I think that
is the only hope we have because I know Jack won't accept having his wife and
daughter going completely naked under their clothes even if it is the "new
fashion"".  Jackie looked at her mother and said, "I don't think Bill will let
us do that.  I know that he likes to see me naked and really appreciates my
body.  He said he doesn't want any more clothes in the way of his view than
necessary when in public.  All we can do is ask him.  I think our 15 min. are up
and we better get to work.  I'll show you where everything is for cleaning the
house.  I'll take the downstairs and you can finish up here.  I have already
cleaned Bill's bedroom, master bath, and study.  All that is left is the main
bathroom, kitchen, living and dining room and or course this hall entryway.  Be
sure to do a good job.  Bill does the "white glove thing" and if it comes out
dirty there is at least 30 min. of punishment time."  "OK," Melody said.  "Lead
the way McDuff."  Both women left the living room to head for their chores
giggling like young school girls. 

Bill smiled as he thought about how well both women were taking their situation. 
In fact, he was almost sure they were now starting to actually enjoy it.  He was
sure they didn't enjoy the true punishment sessions but did think they were both
getting accustomed to having some pain associated with their strong climaxes. 
Bill also knew that they were probably right in that he would have to let them
wear some type of panty when dressed for the outside world.  Of course he had
some ideas on what some of these panties might be and was sure they would be
surprised and probably embarrassed when wearing them.  At least at first, they
would be uncomfortable in them and would be very conscious of them. Fetish gear
comes with all sorts of panties including some with built in dildoes and
vibrators.  He could have a lot of fun with them and there would be a panty
line!  Other times he would let them wear something more normal like thongs or
crotch less panties. Bill knew he couldn't keep the women in only sweats when in
public so he had decided that when the women were busy cleaning his house he
would go over to the Short's and find some clothes he would let them wear in the
general public.  He was glad it was early summer and they could wear light
dresses and shorts and halters.  NO SLACKS when he was going to be around.  As
soon as the women were fully engaged in cleaning, Bill went in search of
acceptable clothes.

Bill spent about an hour rummaging around in their bedroom closets and dresses. 
In this time, he found several sets of sexy, brief, high cut French panties in
both of their bedrooms which he thought would do until he could buy them
something different.  He also found several lightweight summer dresses that came
about mid thigh on them and two or three pairs of short shorts and brief halter
tops which he also took.  Gathering the clothes in a bag he headed back for his
house.  He had been monitoring Jackie the whole time and she was just doing what
she was supposed to be doing; cleaning the downstairs.  When he got back home,
Melody was just finishing up in the living room and ready to do the hallway. 
Jackie was almost finished in the basement so Bill didn't have long to get ready
to address them.  He headed right to the basement apt. and found that Jackie was
smart in that she had cleaned it first so Bill could go in and set up things
without her disturbing him while cleaning.  He closed the door and set about
getting some playthings ready for the ladies.  He had decided that he would have
Jackie get him ready to feed her mother his sperm.  Then he would have the
mother share her appetizer with the daughter.  Of course they were both to have
their arms bound behind them and their nipples clamped tight until they
completed their tasks.  Then he would let them discuss their concerns about Jack
and broach their solution.  Of course he would make them pay for his consent
even though he had come back from their house prepared to let them have their
solution and more.   

Bill opened the apt. door just as both women came around the corner of the rec
room.  As soon as they saw Bill, they both dropped to their knees and got into
position.  While they were at attention Bill told them what was going to happen. 
"You will crawl into the apt. and lie side by side on the bed on your stomachs. 
You will place your hands behind your backs and cross them.  You will have your
heads turned towards each other and you will have your noses as close together
as you can get them and still hold your position.  When you are ready you will
yell out saying "We are ready as instructed Sir."  Bill then told them to relax
and start crawling.  They both quickly dropped to their hands and knees and
crawled as quickly as possible into the apt.  Once there they both got on the
bed and lay as directed.  Their noses were but a few inches apart.  Melody
whispered to Jackie, "Are we supposed to spread our legs?"  "Not unless he told
us to," responded Jackie.  Once they both had their hands crossed behind their
backs, Jackie announced, "We are ready as instructed Sir."  Bill of course knew
they were ready as he had been monitoring them the whole time on the small
concealed monitor by the door.  When he entered, he went directly to the closet
and brought out the wrist cuffs.  He attached them to their wrists and locked
them together so they couldn't get their arms free.  Once he had them secured,
he told them to sit up.  "Jackie, you are going to get your first chance to give
me a blow job.  I expect it to be the best blow job you have ever given.  If I
don't think you are doing well enough I will give you and Melody 15 min of
punishment.  Now just before I cum, you are to quit and Melody is to finish me
off.  Melody, you are not to swallow it immediately but hold it in your mouth. 
Jackie you will then French kiss your mother and share the appetizer.  When you
both have your mouth full of my essence, you will swallow together.  Are you
both clear on what you are to do?"  They looked at each other and said "yes
Sir."  "Oh one other thing I almost forgot," Bill said.  He went back to the
closet and brought out two pairs of nipple clamps.  They were rubber tipped so
they wouldn't break the skin but had very tight springs so would pinch the
nipples very cruelly.  "Turn over on your backs now," he ordered.  Both women
turned over as best they could with their wrists secured behind their backs. 
Once they did this they saw what Bill was holding and both ladies turned a
little pale.  "Why are you punishing us?" asked Jackie. "This isn't punishment
it is only an incentive to help you along faster.  Remember that I have to
believe this is the best blow job you can give and in order to help you along I
decided to place these on you.  It also gives me a small amount of pleasure to
watch you squirm in pain as you do my bidding.  I have a sadistic bent as well
as a gentle side." With those comments, Bill proceeded to place the nipple
clamps on both of them.  They sucked in their breath as the pain began and it
radiated out from their nipples to their breasts and then into their guts.  It
hurt terribly and Jackie quickly begged Bill to take them off.  She didn't think
she could do her best work while in this much pain.  Bill just said, "Better get
to work or they will be on you a lot longer."  He dropped his pants and shorts
and stood before Jackie.  With tears running down her face she leaned forward
and took Bill into her mouth for the first time.  He was well endowed but not
huge and she could just get all of his cock in her mouth.  She began using every
trick she had ever heard about and tried as she licked and sucked at the same
time. Her tongue caressed the head and rim of his circumcised cock.  She then
alternated this with long licks of his entire length and then madly sucked liked
crazy.  She did this as rapidly as possible and it wasn't long before Bill knew
he would blow his load.  He held off as long as he could but the moaning of both
women and the superb actions of Jackie had him on the verge much faster than he
anticipated.  Just before he blew his load, he said, "OK Melody your up but you
better hurry."  Jackie fell back away from Bill so Melody could get to him
faster and just as she enveloped him, he released his load.  It happened so fast
that Melody almost choked on it and almost swallowed it in trying to recover. 
She was just able to control her reactions and when Bill quit spurting she sat
up and opened her mouth so Bill could see the cum.  She then, turned sideways
and as Jackie's lips and tongue made contact with her, pushed some of it into
her mouth.  Jackie almost swallowed and then remembered they were to watch each
other and swallow together.  When both women had a mouthful they looked into
each others eyes and swallowed together.  Then Jackie leaned down and cleaned up
Bill.  Once he was clean, Jackie again asked to have the nipple clamps removed. 
Bill said, "I will remove them when I am ready.  Every time you ask, they will
stay on a little longer.  You will wear what I put on you until I deem it time
to take it off. Bill then stood up and fastened his pants and went into the
bathroom to wash his hands.  Jackie couldn't believe how cruel Bill was acting. 
She thought she had done such a good job and that he would have removed the
clamps right away.  Bill took a few minutes longer than necessary to complete
his hand washing before returning to the living area.  Once there he went to
Melody and removed her clamps.  She screamed out as the blood returned but it
wasn't near as bad as when her breasts were bound.  At last, he turned to Jackie
and removed her clamps.  She tried not to make a sound but the pain was intense
and she screamed once and then was able to hold it to a loud moan for several
minutes.  "You could have both been released much earlier if you hadn't asked." 
"Remember that for the next time I decide to play with your bodies with some
pain."  Now let's go have some lunch.  Both Jackie and Melody had cum stains
around their lips and wanted to go wash their faces and brush their teeth.  Bill
wasn't going to allow them that pleasure this time.  Although they did well at
the task, Jackie asking to be released ruined the end and they needed to have a
reminder of who was in charge.  They only said, "yes Sir" and headed up the
stairs.

Bill had prepared a crab and shrimp salad for lunch and the three of them ate
heartily.  They washed it down with a glass of white wine.  When they had
finished, Bill directed them back downstairs.  Both women had a look of dread on
their faces but went without protest.  At least this time he didn't humiliate
them by making them crawl down the stairs.

 Once in the basement he told them to go to the apt.  Again they had a look of
dread.  They just lowered their heads and went into the apt.  Bill had them sit
side by side on the bed while he sat in the easy chair.  "OK, tell me how you
plan to deal with Jack."  Melody spoke up first.  "We think we can convince him
that going bra-less is the current style especially in college and that I am
just having a short fling back in time with my daughter.  The panties are a
different issue.  We don't think we can make up a story that he will accept.  We
were hoping you might relent and let us wear some type of panty when we were
going to be in public outside this house or when Bill was here with us."  Both
of them looked at Bill to see what his reaction was going to be.  He sat quietly
for a moment and looked closely at both women.  Finally he said, "I don't like
to have anything in my way when I want access to your bodies.  If I have to wait
for you to remove panties every time I raise your skirts, you are going to be in
for a rough time.  Are you willing to chance my anger if it happens at the wrong
time or place?"  They looked at each other and slowly said together, "we don't
see any other way.  If we don't make sure Jack knows we are wearing panties he
will just keep up the grilling until he finds out what is happening.  Then I
don't know what he will do.  We just know we will all be destroyed if that
happens. So I guess we will just have to take a chance on this not becoming an
issue for which we get punished".  Bill was proud of the way they stood their
ground even knowing it could lead to some very painful times for them.  He then
stood up and went to the closet where he retrieved the bag of clothes he had
brought over from their house that morning.  He dumped it on the bed and told
them, "You may wear any of these clothes outside this house and inside this
house as well if Bill or other guests are present.  In any case you are not
allowed to wear a bra.  I agree with your conclusions and have made these
changes in light of that.  Notwithstanding what I said earlier, if I become
frustrated or angry because it takes you too long to be ready to follow an order
because of these clothes, you will be punished.  Keep that in mind when choosing
which clothes to wear when.  Now get dressed and go over to your house and start
cleaning.  Melody, you can direct the action there and since it is getting on in
the afternoon and you don't have enough time to clean the whole house, you
decide which rooms need it first.  I will be over at 3:00 p.m. to inspect your
work and pick up Jackie."  With those orders Bill left the apt. and went up to
his study to search the internet for fetish panties that would serve his
purposes as well as meet the need to wear panties when out in public.  Jackie
and Melody just looked at each other dumb founded.  This was the last thing they
expected.  They quickly sorted through the clothes and chose shorts and halter
tops as the best option with bikini panties.  They then hurried over to the
Short family home to begin cleaning. 

At 3:00 p.m. sharp, Bill was at the Short home.  He didn't bother knocking and
just walked right in.  He knew no one else but the women were home and he owned
them so didn't worry about it.  He found them in the kitchen just finishing up
in there.  "OK which rooms have your cleaned? he asked.  Melody led him through
the living room, dining room, downstairs bath, and kitchen.  That is all they
had time to do before 3:00.  Bill ran his gloved hand over the mantle of the
fireplace and several of the bookshelves but they had done an excellent job and
it came out clean.  He turned and smiled at them and told them they had done a
good job.  "The rest of the day is yours," he told Melody.  Unless Jack wants to
come over tonight I don't expect to see you until tomorrow afternoon sometime." 
He then led Jackie out of the house and to his car.  She didn't ask any
questions, she just followed him.  Now what she wondered?




Chapter 19

(The Piercing)

Bill drove them downtown to a section of the city that Jackie had never seen
before.  It was a little rundown but you couldn't call it a slum.  He stopped in
front of a tattoo and piercing shop.  Jackie all of a sudden remembered what
Bill had said last night about her getting pierced.  She turned chalk white and
almost fainted when she realized what was going to happen next.  She turned to
Bill and gave him a pleading look but he just took her arm and led her into the
store.  He leaned down and whispered "You want this. Don't make any mistakes in
here.  It will go bad for you and your family."  Even as ashen as she was she
knew she had to go through with this.  They went into a back room and a friendly
robust lady asked if she could help them.  Bill said he had made an appointment
for his niece to get pierced.  She wanted to be able to show the rest of her
sorority that she wasn't the "geek" some of them had labeled her.  "She had
asked me, her Uncle to help her out and I said sure why not.  I told her I would
stay and make sure things were done right and there would be no chance of
infection from needles and stuff.  I also helped her pick out these 18 carat
gold hoops to place in the piercing."  With that Bill stepped back and the lady
looked at the ashen Jackie and said, "Are you sure you want to do this?  You
look a little pale."  Jackie shook her head yes she wanted to do this and then
said, "I am very nervous about the procedure and want Uncle Bill to stay while
you do it.  OK?"  Sure honey, the lady said.  If it will make you feel better. 
What are we piercing today?"  Jackie looked at Bill for guidance but he was
pretending to look around the shop.  She remembered there were two rings so she
said, "my nipples."  The lady looked closely at her then just shrugged and told
her to take off her halter top.  Jackie did as told and stood in the middle of
the room naked from the waist up and terribly embarrassed.  The lady just got
out her implements and began to sterilize them.  This process Bill watched
closely.  He didn't want any real harm to come to Jackie so wanted to make sure
everything was sanitary as well as see what kind of implements were used and how
it was done.  He planned to do all the rest of the piercing himself.  He was
glad Jackie understood what was to be pierced.  If he had to speak up it could
have caused some question from the shop owner.  After sterilizing the
implements, the lady had Jackie turn to the side and then she took her left
breast and began to tweak and pull her nipple.  Jackie jumped and started to
back away but the lady just smiled and said, "hold still sweetie, I need to get
you hard and numb the nipple so it doesn't hurt"  "Oh," Jackie  replied.  She
stood still as the woman expertly manipulated her nipple and it hardened.  When
it was fully extended and she was beginning to feel a little aroused by the
actions of the lady, she stopped and put some cold liquid on her nipple and it
went almost immediately numb.  She then took a large need and without any
warning pushed it through Jackie's nipple.  Jackie thought she would faint and
almost yelled when she realize there was no real pain just a sharp jolt and then
some pressure as the needle was passed through her nipple to come out the other
side. There was very little blood and when the lady pulled the needle back
through there was a slight burning sensation and then the needle was out.  She
then dipped one of the gold rings into an antiseptic solution and inserted it
into her nipple.  Once the ring was through she took a piece of gold solder and
closed the end of the ring so it was now permanently in her nipple unless
cutters were used to cut the ring itself.  "Why did you do that? Jackie asked. 
"What" the woman looked up.  "Solder it shut," Jackie said. "Do you have any
idea how much that ring cost?" Jackie shook her head no and the lady said, "a
ring like that costs about $300 or more.  I didn't want you losing it.  Now turn
around so we can do the other one.  The same routine was followed and soon
Jackie was sporting two beautiful gold rings in her nipples.  They weren't large
but whenever Jackie wore a tight halter, shirt or blouse, they would be seen
under the clothes.  They were somewhat attractive she had to admit and turned to
admire them in a mirror.  When she did she saw Bill smiling at her.  She quickly
picked up her halter top and put it on.  The lady then gave them some medication
she said would need to be put on the nipples twice a day for the next 5-10 days
until the holes had completely healed.  She was to wash herself and her rings
daily as well to insure that no infection set in.  Jackie looked to Bill to see
how they were going to pay for these rings but Bill had already taken care of
that by credit card.  They thanked the lady and then left to return home.  As
the got in the car Jackie said, "I thought it would hurt a lot more than that." 
She then looked down at herself and thrust out her chest.  You could just see
the outline of the rings as her nipples were pressed into the shirt.  Bill
smiled and said, "wait until the lidocaine wears off.  They will be very sore
and tender for the next couple of days.  You won't want much on them during that
time.  Remember you still have to face your dad.  I don't want him knowing about
your piercing until after you are completely healed.  That means that when he is
around, you are to wear the one sports bra I brought over to make sure they
don't show through your shirt or blouse.  It will no doubt be somewhat
uncomfortable but you must do it and smile all the while." "Yes Sir," Jackie
replied.  They were quiet the rest of the way home. 




Chapter 20

(Questions and Answers)

Melody had quickly cleaned herself up and was preparing dinner when Jack came
home from work.  He entered the house and knew right away that Melody was home
as he could smell the pot roast cooking.  He went to their bedroom and removed
his coat and tie and put on a pair of comfortable slippers. He then went to the
kitchen and asked Melody if she would like a glass of wine.  She turned towards
him as she said, "I would love a glass of wine." She then tried to close the
distance between them to give Jack a kiss.   He turned away and headed for the
dining room and the decanter of wine. Oh-Oh, Melody thought.  This might be
tougher than I thought it would be.  She turned back to fixing the salad and
then proceeded to the dining room to set the table.  Jack had poured two glasses
of wine and when Melody entered the dining room he gave one of them to her. 
"Thank you," she responded but Jack again ignored her and went to the living
room to read the evening paper.  OK thought Melody.  This is enough of this
behavior.  She followed Jack into the living room and sat on the couch next to
his chair.  "All right Jack, what is wrong" she asked.  "I don't know.  You tell
me" he responded.  "Until you give me some clue as to what is bugging you how
can I tell you anything?"  "Well, you might start by telling me why you weren't
wearing panties the other day and why our daughter wasn't either last night. 
You might also tell me when you shaved your cunt and why.  And while you're at
it you can explain what has caused you to be so open in our love making and
willing to do things that until a few days ago you always said no and implied
that they were dirty and perverted.  Take your choice but I am waiting for an
explanation." 

Let's start with the panty issue" she said.  "I don't know why Jackie wasn't
wearing panties but the reason I gave you the other day was true. I had put them
in the washer and had forgotten about it until you brought it up.  Period.
Nothing different than that and nothing that hasn't happened in the past on
occasion.  Next item is the fact that over the last several days Jackie and I
have had a chance to talk and communicate like we never had before.  I noticed
she wasn't wearing a bra the night she came over here and I created a problem by
trying to talk privately to her about that fact.  I have since learned that the
bra-less look is back in vogue on college campuses and that brought back some
delicious memories of when we were that age.  I decided to give it a try as a 42
year old and see if it felt as deliciously naughty as it did when I was 20 years
old.  In fact it is even better as a 42 year old.  I am proud of my breasts and
found out that I can still go without a bra and not noticeably sag.  So I
decided to try out the look for myself.  Next item is my shaved cunt.  I shaved
it the same time as I decided to try the bra-less look.  Jackie said that almost
all the girls at college shave their cunts completely or trim them very close
and short so they can wear tiny bikini bottoms without unsightly pubic hair
showing.  I was never brave enough to try that when we were younger but I
wondered what it would feel like and decided that a 42 year old woman should be
old enough to try something new without fear of a reprimand.  It appears that I
was wrong.  Now it is my turn to ask you some questions.  First, don't you like
the new look?  I thought a shaved pussy was a turn on to most men.  If it really
bothers you after a few days, I will let it grow back but I have decided I like
it like this.  Secondly, you never complained about the bra-less look when we
were in college and in fact I was sure it aroused you to know I wasn't wearing a
bra.  Third, don't you like the new me?  I decided that if I was to go bra-less,
and shave my cunt, I might as well try some of the other "perverted" things I
have been afraid to try in the past for fear I might really enjoy them and that
would be wrong.  After my talks with Jackie, I am no longer sure that anything
sexual is wrong as long as both parties are consenting and it brings pleasure
and joy to their lives.  Now, you answer my questions, Melody insisted. 

Jack sat dumbfounded.  Melody had never spoken to him like that before.  He was
also surprised at her answers.  They made sense if you believed she was being
truthful.  Jack had no reason to believe otherwise and as he sat there thinking
about what she said he decided that she was probably just going through the
first stages of menopause and acting as if she were a young college girl again. 
He didn't know if that was an effect of menopause but he couldn't think of any
other reason she would all of a sudden want to go back to her college days and
the wilder life she had then.  Melody watched somewhat bemused as Jack tried to
assimilate everything she had just said.  She was very proud of herself.  She
couldn't believe that she could come up with such explicit reasons unless she
felt that way deep down in her true inner self.  She sat quietly and waited for
Jack to respond.

"Listen Melody, he started.  I have just been a little shocked by your dress and
behavior the last few days and was worried about you.  Of course I love the way
you look without your bra and yes it is a turn on to know you are not wearing
one.  If that gives you pleasure and makes you feel good go ahead.  I am sorry
about the panty thing but when I found both you and Jackie without panties
nearly at the same time, I didn't understand.  I suppose it could have been a
coincidence but at the time last night when I came home knowing Jackie was not
wearing panties and using the same excuse you used and then found you had shaved
your cunt bare.... Well nothing seemed to fit anymore or make any sense.  Yes I
do think a bare cunt is beautiful and VERY sexy.  I just didn't think you would
ever go that far.  I also love the new you and am very willing to talk to you
about your fantasies and even try to act some of them out if you want.  This is
just such a change from what I have come to expect. Is Jackie promiscuous at
college?  Is she sleeping around and experimenting with dangerous sex practices
or drugs?"  Melody broke out into a laugh and said "of course not."  I am sure
she has had sex but I am also sure she is very selective with whom and I'll bet
it has only been one guy.  She may be trying different sex acts but I am sure
they are not dangerous.  I expect like many of the younger generation that she
is playing out sex fantasies she has as well as some her boyfriend have.  In
fact I am sure that is true as that is what led to our discussion of "perverted"
sex acts.  She was very open and talked freely about her feeling about sex and
why.  I was very impressed with her thinking and her maturity.  It was that
discussion that gave me the courage to try the things that I have been doing. 
The only concern I have about some of the things that Jackie talked about was
the fact that body piercing is also big on the campus today.  She never said she
was pierced anywhere but I am sure she has gotten pierced.  Body jewelry is the
big fad and I only worry about sanitary conditions and getting infections.  Did
you know that I have considered getting my naval pierced and maybe my nipples? 
I found some great diamond studs that would look great in by navel and as
adornments to my nipples.  What do you think about that?" she laughingly asked
Jack.  Jack looked shocked and just shook his head.  "Are you serious?" he
asked.  "Well I have thought about it and almost did it awhile back.  I am still
nervous about doing it but it does turn me on thinking about it.  I might just
surprise you one of these days."  With that she grabbed his hand and said
"Dinner should be ready so lets eat and then go to bed and make crazy love!" 
Jack gulped down his wine and followed Melody into the dining room and then the
kitchen to help her get dinner on the table. 

After dinner they adjourned to the bedroom and made passionate although very
vanilla love.  Just before Melody drifted off to sleep she thought, that didn't
go so bad after all.  In fact now if Bill insists that I am pierced, I have set
the stage so Jack will think it is my idea.  I wonder if Bill really had Jackie
pierced today?  I'm sure I will find out tomorrow. Melody then drifted off into
a deep sleep. 

Jack lay in bed thinking hard about what his wife said tonight and as he thought
about it, he decided that he liked the new Melody.  The last two nights of love
making- no, raw sex last night- have been the most erotic of his life with
Melody.  He decided he would just humor her if she decided to get pierced and if
she did he would go out and find some really nice body jewelry for her to wear. 
With a big smile on his face, Jack drifted off to sleep.




Chapter 21

(Time passes)

The day after Jackie was pierced she woke up and did indeed feel the effects of
the piercing.  Her nipples hurt and any stimulation or touch to them caused her
to hiss and tears to come to her eyes.  Bill insisted that she clean them at
least three times a day and put the antiseptic cream on them they were given to
prevent infection.  When Melody came over that morning and saw the red, inflamed
and pierced nipples she almost started screaming at Bill but stopped herself at
the last minute.  She remembered that any problems she caused would result in
not only her punishment but Jackie as well.  She began to ask how bad it hurt
and if there was anything she could do to help her.  Jackie smiled and told her
mother that she was alright but that she was very sensitive right now.  Bill
watched all this with a critical eye as he knew this was a major turning point
for Melody.  Just to reinforce the fact that he owned them and they must do
whatever he said, he made Melody lean down and kiss each of the sore nipples. 
Melody looked at Bill and almost refused but finally did bend down and lightly
kissed them.  Just that little contact caused Jackie to wince but since Melody
was so slow in responding he then told Melody to take each nipple in her mouth
and suck on it as if she were a baby.  Melody was aghast that Bill would ask her
do that with Jackie's nipples so sore.  Jackie turned white but didn't say a
word.  She had already learned that any delay or refusal would result in even
greater pain and much less pleasure.  Melody looked again at Bill and said,
"Bill, I can't do that right now.  Her nipples are too sore and tender to treat
that way."  Bill shook his head and said, "You both now have 15 min of
punishment time.  If I have to repeat myself or you delay any longer I will add
an additional 30 min."  Melody reluctantly bent down and as gently as possible
took one of the inflamed nipples into her mouth and tried to gently suck on it. 
Tears immediately came to Jackie's eyes and she tried not to let her mother know
how bad it was hurting.  Melody gently sucked on the nipple for several minutes
and then switched to the other one.  She was trying to be as gentle as possible
and Bill observed this as well.  He didn't intend for her to be gentle but
decided that instead of adding more punishment time he would make her continue
to suck the nipples until she was sucking as hard as she could and Jackie was in
screaming pain.  That should teach Melody not to try to cheat on the orders Bill
gave.  Of course Jackie also paid a price but that was all part of the plan. 
When Melody had gently sucked the second nipple for several minutes she stopped
and sat up.  "Well you did do as instructed but did not meet the intent of the
order" Bill told her.  As punishment, you must now suck each nipple as hard as
you can for 10 minutes each.  If I don't think you're doing your best to draw
milk from her tits, I will make you continue for another 10 minutes while I
alternate flogging you and then Jackie." Melody couldn't believe that he was
going to punish them by making her hurt her own daughter so bad.  Jackie looked
at her mom and said, "Do it."  It will be over in a short while if you do.  If
you don't Bill might really cause you to hurt me even worse and my recovery will
take longer."  Melody looked at her daughter and with tears in her eyes said,
"I'm sorry I have caused this to happen to you."  With that she leaned down and
took the right nipple in her mouth and really began sucking.  She pulled the
nipple as far into her mouth as possible and felt the cold ring right up against
her lip.  Jackie screamed and automatically started to reach for Melody's head. 
Bill grabbed her hands and told her to put them up behind her head.  With great
effort, she did get them up but couldn't pull her elbows back very far as that
just increased the pain in her nipples.  It was so intense that it eventually
spread to her entire breast.  Jackie was sure she was going to faint before the
time was up but she didn't.  Her screaming became a moan and she began to beg
Bill to have mercy on her.  Bill ignored her pleas and continued to time
Melody's efforts.   When the time was up, Bill stopped Melody and had her lean
back and take a break.  He got  wash cloth and wiped the sweat off Jackie's
face, neck, arms and chest and then very gently cleaned off her abused nipple
and applied a soothing, cooling antiseptic agent he had picked up from the
pharmacy.  When Bill applied the cool liquid, the pain immediately started going
away and Jackie gave a sigh of relief. "Thank you Sir," she whispered.  Bill
then told Melody to start on the other nipple.  Reluctantly Melody leaned down
and took the left nipple into mouth and began to work on it.  Again Jackie
screamed with the pain and immediately broke out in a cold sweat.  When this 10
minutes was up, the healing application was again used and Jackie breathed a
sigh of relief.  Bill then told Jackie to go into the living room and lie down
on the couch and rest. 

After Jackie left, Bill turned to Melody and asked, "What happened with Jack and
the bra and panty thing?"  Melody repeated what had happened and that Jack
seemed to be OK with everything now.  She also told Bill that she had laid some
groundwork for her to be pierced as he suggested and thought that if Bill could
wait until the following week and Jackie's nipples were healed, she could
probably be pierced and Jack would be OK with it.  I don't think he needs to see
Jackie's piercing until after it is healed.  I think he will be OK with it if it
doesn't look so awful.  Bill smiled and said, "Very good work Melody."  Melody
didn't know why but she felt good- in fact proud- that she was able to get a
compliment from Bill.  Things really didn't make sense anymore she thought. 
Except for the fact that Bill made her hurt her daughter so bad, the sex and
sense of freedom she was experiencing for the first time were terrific.  In
fact, she didn't really want it to stop but she sure didn't want to hurt Jackie
anymore either. 

Jackie's nipples were completely healed by the following weekend. You couldn't
tell that they had only been pierced a week and a half ago they had healed so
well.  The rings made them more sensitive and if you pulled very hard on the
rings she felt serious pain in her nipples and tits.  Bill knew that he now had
another way to control Jackie and that they would play a part in his enjoyment
of her servitude.  Of course now it was time for Melody to get her nipples
pierced.  Bill had purchased the proper equipment and Friday afternoon he called
Melody down to the basement and proceeded to pierce her nipples.  She like
Jackie expected it to hurt a lot more than it did but Bill assured her that
tomorrow morning they would look just like Jackie's had looked.  He gave her the
antiseptic creme and directions for its use.  Melody thought, "well, now I will
find out just how far Jack is willing to let me go."  After completing the
piercing, Bill sent Melody off home to prepare dinner for Jack. 

As expected, Jack was initially taken aback but recovered quickly and asked
Melody if it had hurt terribly.  "Not at all but I was told that I will be very
sore and that my nipples will look red and raw and be very tender for the next
4-5 days.  You know Jack, I was right about Jackie too.  She has been pierced
and before I decided to do this I talked to her to find out what it was like and
what problems she has encountered.  She told me not to worry and that the only
thing I needed to do was to keep them clean and put antiseptic on them several
times a day until they are completely healed.  You won't believe the beautiful
gold rings she has in her nipples.  I asked her where she got them and she said
her boyfriend got them for her once she told him she had gotten pierced.  They
probably cost $300 or more as they are 18 carat gold.  These small stainless
steel rings don't do nearly for my tits what a pair of gold rings like Jackie's
would do."  Melody smiled at Jack and turned back to finishing up dinner. 
Needles to say, several days later Jack brought home a beautiful pair of gold
rings that were about 1" in diameter.  They looked great on Melody and she
decided she would have them soldered on just like Jackie's had been.  One more
obstacle cleared Melody thought.  I wonder what Bill will come up with next. 

A routine was established over the next several weeks.  Each morning Melody
would go over to Bill's and he would outline the days' schedule.  Of course, all
indoor work was done in the nude and periodically Bill would make them take a
break and pleasure themselves, each other or him.  This happened at least once a
day and sometimes twice a day.  On some occasions, Bill would tell them he had
no schedule for them and they were on their own for the day but couldn't leave
the immediate area which included the Sharp home.  The women really enjoyed
those days as they worked on crafts, did the gardening they wanted to do, ate
when and what they wanted to and generally enjoyed themselves.  They didn't'
ever instigate any direct sexual activities with each other or even act as if
they wanted to.  The only time they did such things was at Bill's direction and
under his strict supervision.  Punishment sessions became few and far between
but pain had become one of the expected and needed aspects of their sexual
release and was given on a daily basis. 




Chapter 22

(Serious Mistake, Serious Punishment)

It was nearing the date for Jackie's trial.  She was becoming extremely nervous
and was not sleeping well.  She had been meeting with her attorney on a regular
basis now for the last two weeks and things did not seem to be going well in her
defense.  Her attorney and the private investigator he hired could find no
evidence that the bag with the drugs in it had been tampered with or switched. 
In fact, it was considered nearly impossible for a switch to have been made
since Jackie had gone back to the hiding place and taken some of the drug
herself shortly after her friend had left for her home.  Jackie was being asked
by her attorney about trying a plea bargain to a man slaughter charge which
could carry up to 20 years in prison.  This information along with the impending
trial date made Jackie very nervous and caused her insomnia. 

The past two months had gone very well for the Short's and Bill.  Jackie and her
mother Melody had not received any punishments during this period and Bill had
relaxed his stance as well.  The routine was well established and the women had
gotten the cleaning and yard work down to a well managed system so they had more
and more "free time" to do things on their own.  Of course they were always at
Bill's beck and call and knew they must respond immediately to his demands and
desires.  He still required them to be naked indoors and scantily clad when
outdoors.  Jack had gotten used to his wife's dress or lack of dress and her
piercings.  She now sported pierced nipples, belly button, and several rings had
been placed along her labia and through her clit.  Jackie had been pierced in
exactly the same way as well.  The additional free time and Jackie's continued
anxiety about the trial led to the thoughtless big mistake.

Melody was getting very worried about Jackie's mental condition and spoke to
Bill about it.  She asked Bill if they could have some extra time to work on
their own projects.  Bill told her that he was aware of Jackie's mental state
but that everything would be alright once they got the trial over with.  He also
reminded her that when the trial started, his role as third party guardian would
be almost over and they could then go back to their "normal" lives.  Melody look
shocked and said, "I don't want to go back to my "normal" life.  It was dull and
lifeless.  I have never felt so alive as I have these last six months and don't
want to go back to that dull existence.  I know that Jack loves the new me and
the sexual experiences he is having with me.  I too love the new me and have
begun to develop a taste for control in our lovemaking.  Jack seems to like it
too when I take charge and guide what will happen.  I don't know how Jackie
feels about what will happen after the trial but no matter the outcome I still
want to be your sex toy and slave."  Bill smiled and said, "good.  I would love
to have you continue as my personal sex toy and slave.  I am sure that Jackie
will want to continue that relationship as well."  Melody said, "how can she if
she is in prison?"  Bill replied, "I don't think she will spend much time in
prison if any. She didn't deliberately cause her friends death and the jury will
see that when she testifies.  I am sure they will not find her guilty of any
type of murder but will probably find her guilty of manslaughter since she did
give her the drug.  Quite often manslaughter results in several years of
probation with time served as the only real jail time.  The two months Jackie
spent in jail before I came forward as a third party guardian will probably be
the only real jail time she will serve."  "I hope you are right," Melody
replied.  "Still, Jackie is very scared and worried.  It would be nice to have
some time so she can do some things she likes and take her mind off the trial
for awhile."  "I will give you today to see if you can help her relax and take
her mind off the trial," Bill said.  "Thank you," Melody replied and went to get
Jackie to take her over to their place to work on some craft projects.

Melody and Jackie worked on the quilt they had started but Melody could see that
it wasn't helping Jackie relax.  She knew one thing for sure that would though. 
Jackie loved to clothes shop and Melody was sure that shopping would relax her
and take her mind off the trial.  She grabbed Jackie by the arm and headed for
the garage.  "Come on, we are going shopping," Melody said.  "Really," Jackie
responded.  She had immediately perked up and a little of the old life came back
into her eyes and voice.  "I haven't been shopping for 8 months now.  Lets go!" 
Both women jumped up and Melody grabbed her keys off the hook by the garage door
and they headed out. 

Bill knew immediately when they crossed the threshold of the security bracelet
Jackie was wearing.  A warning alarm went off and Bill quickly scanned the scope
to see where they were.  He saw a red dot moving across the screen and headed
for the nearest shopping mall.  Bill grabbed the portable scope and jumped in
his car and started after the ladies.  He was furious that they had ignored the
rules and just took off.  He couldn't believe they were doing this so close to
the trial date.  He had expected something like this early on but not now.  As
he followed after them, he began to think of a fitting punishment.  He decided
that they really needed a reminder of who ruled their lives and the seriousness
of these types of infractions.  He also had some sympathy for Jackie and her
constant fear of going to jail for a number of years.  Still, they couldn't just
break the rules like this without some serious consequences.  As he tracked them
with the scope, he finally decided on a fitting punishment.  In fact, it was so
severe that he would have to be very careful not to kill either of them although
he was sure they would prefer death to what he had in store for them.  It was a
good thing that Jack was gone for most of the month and would return just before
the trial started.  He knew it was going to take at least several days for them
to recover from this punishment.  He would not help them in their recovery as he
had done with all the other punishments.  This time there would be no soothing
bath and exquisite sexual gratification following the punishment.  They would
suffer for several days afterwards to insure they never tried this stunt again. 
Bill saw that they had stopped moving and the address was at the mall.  Bill
caught up with them just as they were entering the mall itself.  He saw them
enter and found a parking space near the entrance and went after them. 

When he entered the mall he didn't see them of course as the mall was full of
shoppers.  He began to move slowly down the main corridor and looked into all
the women's shops along the way.  He finally spotted them in a specialty dress
shop.  Jackie had just come out of the fitting room with a short light blue sun
dress on which showed off her bra-less tits and outlined the rings in her
nipples.  It was at least 2 inches above the knee and showed a good portion of
her thighs.  She looked great in it and he could see she too liked the dress. 
Melody frowned at the length of the dress and the way it showed off her body but
Jackie wanted the dress so Melody bought it for her.  As they went to leave the
store, they almost walked into Bill who was standing to one side of the entry
way.  "Oh excuse me," Melody said as she nearly bumped into Bill.  Then she
recognized him and all of a sudden she realized what they had done.  She turned
very pale and almost fainted.  Jackie walking behind her bumped into her and
when she saw the stricken look on her mother's face turned to see what had
frightened her so.  She saw Bill and understanding was immediate as she too
realized what they had done.  She turned as pale as her mother and immediately
fell to her knees with her legs widespread and her hands behind her head.  She
hoped that assuming the position even in a public place like this would lessen
Bill's obvious anger.  He told her to get up and then told both of them to
follow him.  Once they were outside the mall, Bill directed them to his car.  He
told Jackie to get in and then turned to Melody and told her to follow them
home.  She meekly said, "Yes Sir."  Bill then got into his car and while he
waited for Melody to pull around to where they were parked told Jackie to remove
all her clothes.  She didn't argue and undressed as fast as she could sitting in
the car.  Bill threw her clothes into the backseat and then told Jackie to lay
down in the seat on her back with her head in his lap.  Once she was in the
required position, Bill reached under his seat and pulled out a long flexible
cord and ran it through Jackie's nipple rings.  He pulled it tight and then tied
it onto the farther brace of the steering wheel.  Now every time Bill turned the
wheel it would pull on her nipple rings and stretch out her nipples.  It
wouldn't be very painful but would be painful enough for Jackie to know that
much more was to come.  She tried to apologize for their forgetfulness but Bill
just reached into the back seat and retrieved her thong and shoved it into her
mouth.  Jackie then lay quietly and waited for whatever was to come.  Melody
then drove up and Bill headed out for home.  He was very angry and drove in a
very aggressive manner making it hard for Melody to keep up.  She knew they were
in for a very rough time and with Jack gone she also knew Bill didn't have to
worry about leaving marks on them.

Bill pulled into his driveway and waited for Melody to pull into hers.  He told
Jackie to stay in the car and he went over to Melody's car and before she could
get out he stopped her and told her to remove all her clothes.  She looked
stricken and looked around the neighborhood to see if anyone was out in their
yards.  Bill said, "hurry up. You have a date with pain!  I can't believe that
you pulled a dumb stunt like this so close to the end of the probation."  Melody
began crying and trying to explain what had happened while removing her clothes. 
"I don't want to hear any excuses," he said.  "You know the rules of the
probation and I thought you understood how serious I take these rules.  Didn't
you learn anything from your first mistake the day Jackie was released?"  Now
get down on your hands and knees and crawl into the house and down into the
basement apt.  Jackie will be right behind you.  There are consequences to be
paid for your foolish behavior."  Having said that, Bill turned and went back to
his car.  He didn't even look back to see if Melody was following his orders. 
He knew she would no matter how embarrassed she might be and was sure she would
set a record for crawling from her driveway into his house.  Bill then
instructed Jackie to do the same.  Bill then stalked off to the house and went
immediately to the basement to get the proper "tools" for this job.  He hadn't
been in the basement more than a few minutes when he heard the women coming down
the steps.  Crawling down the stairs was much more difficult than crawling up
them and the women were making slow progress.  That was alright with Bill since
he was still getting everything together for their punishment.  It would be the
most intensive punishment they had yet to endure.

By the time Bill had retrieved the materials he would need, the ladies had
crawled into the apt. and assumed the required position.  When Bill entered the
apt. and saw them in position he began to lose some of his anger.  He knew it
was not good to initiate a punishment session while angry.  Long term injuries
occurred that way.  He let them stay in position for the next 30 min. while he
went upstairs and made poured a glass of wine.  He let the wine relax him and he
thought to himself; no harm done and their actions were not a result of trying
to escape and cause trouble.  By the time he had finished the wine and thought
about the incident he had calmed down enough to begin their punishment.  Bill
headed back down to the apt. and found the ladies still holding their pose and
still not in any distress.   All these months of training has finally paid off
he thought to himself.  They can now stay at rigid attention in a very
uncomfortable pose for long periods of time. 

Bill went over to the hidden closet and removed two punishment hoods and four
nasal plugs.  He inserted the plugs in each of the two women's nostrils forcing
them to have to breath through their mouths. He then placed a punishment hood on
each of them and when he had fastened them securely he opened the mouth flap and
inserted a large mouth piece very similar to the mouth piece that divers wear
which connects to their oxygen supply. In this case the mouthpieces connected to
a short section of plastic tubing about 1" in diameter.  The ladies were glad 
he had not taken too long to fasten the hoods as they couldn't breathe while he
was doing that.  They had no way of getting air until Bill opened the mouth
flap.  They didn't resist when he made them open their mouths so he could insert
the mouthpieces.  They also maintained their pose while Bill was doing all this. 
Now Bill told Jackie to relax.  She let her arms down and sat back on her heels. 
Bill had her kneel upright while he fastened a broad belt around her middle and
cinched it up tight.  The belt had rings all the way around it and because Bill
had pulled it so tight, Jackie was having to breathe very shallowly.  She had no
idea what Bill was up to but things were beginning to get uncomfortable.  Bill
made her stand and walk with him into the bathroom.  He made her kneel down over
the edge of the bathtub and then he inserted the nozzle on the enema bag into
her ass and began to fill her up.  When he had forced two quarts of salty warm
water into her he removed the nozzle and told her to hold it in.  Next he made
Jackie stand and bend over as far as the belt would allow.  This allowed Bill to
place shiny silver probe about 2" in diameter into Jackie's rectum.  She grunted
as Bill slid it into her.  He had already greased it up so it entered her with
little resistance.  This plug had a ring of rubber around the base which Bill
then proceeded to inflate.  Jackie groaned as she felt the plug lodge tight
against her sphincter muscle.  There was no way the plug could come out until
the air was let out of the rubber ring.  He then inserted a long thick stainless
steel rod into Jackie's urethra effectively blocking this passage too.  The last
thing he did was to put another shiny metal dildo into her cunt.  It fit very
tight because of the butt plug and the pressure the enema was placing on her
bowels.  Jackie was now beginning to experience severe cramping and pain.  Bill
then made her stand and hold her arms straight up above her head which caused
the stomach cramps to increase.  Bill forced Jackie's head back by pulling on
her hair and when her head was as far back as possible, he began to pour Gator
Aid down the plastic tube attached to her mouthpiece.  When the fluid hit
Jackie's throat she almost choked.  She began to swallow as fast as she could
because until the liquid was gone she couldn't breathe.  Bill allowed her to
catch her breath and then started all over with water this time.  Again he let
her breath and this time used two bottles of beer and forced them down her
throat.  She had now drank almost a gallon of fluids.  Her bladder would very
soon feel the effects of all this liquid.  Bill released her hair and let her
stand upright.  When she was upright and steady on her feet, Bill then started
the same routine with Melody.  She did not tolerate the enema as well as Jackie
and began to try and scream and twist away from Bill.  Bill grabbed one of her
tits and began to squeeze hard.  Melody screamed even louder and finally
realized she couldn't escape whatever Bill was going to do and settled down. 
Bill released her nipple and finished giving her the complete enema cycle of
salty water.  He then had Melody stand up facing Jackie and forced her to drink
the Gator Aid, water, and beer combination.  Now both women had all their holes
plugged except their mouth through which they had to breathe.  They were also
beginning to have serious stomach and lower intestine cramps and were struggling
to maintain their upright posture.  Bill then moved them forward until their
bodies were nearly touching each other.  Jackie was about 1" taller than her mom
so their breasts, belly and cunts were not on exactly the same level but close. 
Bill attached a double ended clip to Jackie's nipple rings and then pulled on
them to gain the needed distance to attach them to her mother's nipple rings. 
When they had been attached he let go and watched both women gasp with pain as
their nipples were stretched out to accommodate the connections.  He then did
the same for the rings on their belly belts and their cunts and finely their
clits. Now they were in severe pain and the cramping was becoming worse.  If
either of them tried to bend over to relieve the pain they found they couldn't
because the other one kept them upright and all they did was pull their tits,
cunts, and clits increasing their pain twofold.  Now Bill made them walk to the
bathroom.  Bill guided them as they shuffled along as well as they could.  He
made them step into the tub which caused them both to cry out with the pain of
the extreme stretching of their cunts and clits.  Once in the middle of the tub,
he began to fill it with cold water.  When the water was up to their calves he
shut it off and began to do the final act to start their punishment.

Bill went back to the hidden closet and removed a dual function tens unit.  He
brought that to the bathroom and hooked it up to the rings connecting the two
women and the plugs he had inserted in their asses, cunts and urethra.  He set
both sides of the unit to medium level stimulus and adjusted the settings on
both sides to random.  The last thing Bill did was to open the ear flaps so both
women could hear what he said.  "You are now connected as if you were siamese
twins.  The last connection will be your mouth pieces.  You will have to
coordinate your breathing because as one of you tries to breathe, it closes a
flap sealing off any air.  When this happens the other persons flap will open
and if you don't breathe too hard and close the flap, you will be able to get
air. When you breathe hard it will close the flap on your side and the other one
of you will be able to breathe.  I would suggest you try to focus on the
breathing aspect and try to ignore the pain.  I will be securing your arms
together as well and then attaching your wrists to a cable connecting to a
winch.  I will stretch you up but not enough to lift you off your feet.  It will
increase the pain in your bowels and bladder but will support you if you faint. 
I hope you don't as that will cause a serious problem for both of you in being
able to breathe.  Oh yes, I also plan to flog you as well through out the
punishment time.  I think you will remember this punishment for a long time." 
With that he closed off the ear flaps, fastened their wrists and lower arms
together with straps and hooked it to the cable.  H went to the wall and pushed
another hidden button and they began to stretch up.  Just before their feet came
off the bottom of the tub, Bill stopped the cable.  Now both women were
stretched taunt and the pressure on their bowels and bladder really could be
felt.  Where their bodies were attached to each other were stretched and the
pain became intense.  Both women screamed into their mouth piece and began to
try and beg for mercy.  Bill ignored their pleas and then attached their mouth
tubes to the central valve assembly.  Once this was done the women quickly
realized the predicament they were in.  Both wanted badly to take huge gulps of
air but as soon as they tried the valve closed off and they got no air.  They
tried to take shallow easy breaths but soon needed to breathe deeply to fill
oxygen starved lungs.  Bill watched their struggles for a few minutes to make
sure they were learning how to breathe and then he added the last bit or torture
to their plight.  He began to flog Jackie with a cat o nine tails.  It left red
welts after every strike and made Jackie scream and then try to get a large
breath.  Bill lashed her 12 times very quickly and her shoulders, back, butt,
and thighs were crisscrossed with red welts.  She was also near passing out for
lack of air.  Jack stepped back and watched to see if the failsafe he had
devised would work.  He stood ready to cut the mouth tubes if it failed.  Jackie
soon passed out for lack of air and immediately a click could be heard and both
air valves opened up to allow both women to breathe as hard and as much as
necessary for Jackie to regain consciousness.  Melody was also able to breathe
freely and didn't understand why.  She knew that Jackie had slumped in their
bonds because the rings pulled even harder and she felt some tissue begin to
tear around her piercings.  It only took a few seconds for Jackie to regain
consciousness and several deep breaths later, the valve system went back to the
original settings and they had to carefully buddy breathe.  Bill then flogged
Melody and the same thing happened all over again.  As soon as Bill was sure the
system was working correctly, he went upstairs and left the women to their
electrical torment.

Bill went immediately to his study and turned on the monitor.  He knew every
time the tens unit activated as the women would jerk and pull on their bindings. 
The timing was set so that they would receive a jolt of electricity every 3-5
minutes.  He watched several cycles of this happen and then went to pour himself
a glass of wine.  He returned and sat down to watch his slaves in their painful
dance.  When an hour had passed and both women had fainted at least twice he
returned to the apt bathroom with his cat and proceeded to flog them again.  13
blows apiece this time.  Again he left them to suffer and went upstairs and
began to do some overdue paperwork.  He glanced occasionally at the monitor to
insure that the system was still functioning properly.  Once each hour he would
return to the bathroom and flog the women.  He alternated between 12 and 13
strokes each time.  He would release them when he had delivered 100 strokes to
each.  By the third session with the flogger, the women were slick with sweat
and their bodies were reacting less to the flogging and the electric shocks. 
They still jerked each time a blow landed or a shock was delivered but it wasn't
as intense as in the first two hours.  He also noticed that both women were
bleeding from tissue tears at the nipples, cunt, and clit. He made a note to be
sure to treat them after this was over so they wouldn't get any infections.  In
between flogging sessions Bill did chores around the house that needed doing. 
He ate dinner by himself and in the early evening watched some TV.   It was
10:00 p.m. by the time the 8th hour and final flogging had passed.  Both women
had passed out numerous times throughout the ordeal.

Bill lowered the cable and both women sank into the now tepid water.  They could
no longer stand on their own and were barely conscious.   He released their
wrists and allowed their arms to rest at their sides. Next he shut off the tens
unit and disconnected their breathing tubes from the valve controller.  The
women could now breathe at will and easily.  He then began to unhook them from
each other.  Bill had to be careful to insure they did not slide down into the
water and drown.  He propped them up against the side of the tub and then opened
the drain to let the water out.  Once that was done he laid them down in the tub
face up.  Melody had her head to the faucet end and Jackie at the other end.  He
adjusted their legs around each other so both of them could stretch out. Bill
didn't remove their helmets or their mouth pieces.  They had one more ordeal to
go before the punishment was over and they could begin to recover.  Bill let
them lie in the tub for about 10 minutes to regain some control over their
bodies.  They were still in pain from the forced retention of the enema and
bladder release.  When they had recovered enough to begin to move and groan and
respond to their internal pain, Bill picked up Jackie and helped her to stand
upright.  He spread her legs apart and moved Melody further down in the tub
between Jackie's legs.  He moved Jackie forward until she was astraddle Melody's
chest.  He then deflated the retention ring around her butt plug and Jackie
immediately expelled it along with her two quart enema all over her mother's
chest cunt and legs.  It smelled awful and Jackie screamed in pain as the
pressure was released and her bowels re-adjusted to the release of pressure they
had been under for the past 8 hours.  The pain was short lived and now the only
pain was caused by her badly distended bladder.  Melody on the other hand, knew
what had happened and even in her pain was aghast that Bill would force her to
endure such a humiliating act.  She tried to squirm away from the deluge but
couldn't move very far.  She was moaning in pain and humiliation while Jackie
was mortified at what she was unable to control.  She didn't want to shit all
over her mother but couldn't hold it back.  She was shaking from fatigue and
pain and felt faint.  Bill realizing what was happening to Jackie quickly placed
a funnel in the end of Melody's mouth tube and directed Jackie to move forward
until her cunt was right over the big end of the funnel.  He then removed the
tube from her urethra and again Jackie was unable to control the flow of piss
which flowed down the tube and into Melody's mouth.  She was forced to swallow
as fast as possible or drown in the piss.  Bill watched carefully and after
Melody had swallowed three or four large gulps he pulled the funnel out of the
mouth tube and let the rest of the piss wash the shit off Melody.  When Jackie
had finished voiding all the fluids in her bladder, Bill moved her to the end of
the tub and turned on the shower.  It sprayed all over Melody and washed the
shit and piss off of her.  After he had cleaned most of the ghastly mess out of
the tub and off the top of Melody he helped her stand up.  The cramping from her
strained bowels and bladder made her almost double up.  Bill then made Jackie
lie down in the tub and the same exercise was performed on Jackie. Bill released
Melody's butt plug and she could not help but shit all over Jackie.  Jackie
tried to move away but there was no place to go in the tub so she too had to
endure the embarrassment of being used as a toilet.  Bill then place the funnel
in Jackie's mouth tube and caused Melody to piss down it until Jackie had
swallowed three or four mouthfuls of her mother's piss.  He then turned on the
cold water shower and cleaned her off.  Then Bill Stood Jackie up and removed
the mouth piece and the punishment helmet.  She blinked furiously for a few
minutes as her eyes adjusted to the light.  Bill then removed Melody's mouth
piece and punishment helmet and waited for her eyes to adjust to the light. 
When both women could see and focus their eyes, Bill turned on the shower and
adjusted it to a nice warm temperature and made them wash each other down with
soap and an antibacterial cleanser.  He made sure they cleaned their tits and
cunts carefully to insure that no infection would take place because of the torn
tissues around their rings.  When he was satisfied with their job he allowed
them out of the tub and he carefully dried them off.  They were exhausted and
could barely stand.  He led them to the bed and turned down the sheets and
placed them face up on the bed.  He covered them with a light blanket and then
did something that caused both women to protest.  He tied their outside arms to
a wooden arm board and then inserted an intravenous needle attached to a bottle
of glucose and saline.  He knew their bodies were dehydrated and needed
immediate nourishment and hydration.  He shushed their protests and told them to
lie back and relax.  As soon as they did they quickly drifted off to sleep. 
Bill made sure the IV's were working properly and then locked them in the apt.
and went up to his room to go to sleep.  It was now 2:00 a.m. in the morning and
he too was exhausted.  He activated the monitor and increased the sensitivity in
the microphones to insure he would hear any conversations they might have if
they woke up and to insure that he would be alerted to any change in their
breathing.  Turning off the light, he hoped he would never have to subject them
to such an ordeal again.  He got off on some painful stimulus to them when they
were in their sexual play time but didn't enjoy one bit what he had just put
them through.  It was pure punishment of the extreme sort and done to insure
they never forgot and failed to follow directions again. 




Chapter 23

(The Trial)

It took the women almost four days to recover from their punishment.  They slept
for almost 24 hours and Bill had to change their IV's twice in that time.  When
they finally woke up they were so stiff and sore they could hardly move.  When
Bill opened the door to the apt. Jackie was awake but still lying in bed.  "Sir,
are you going to give us a warm bath and massage like you have every time we've
been punished?" "No, Bill replied. "You are going to have to suffer on your own. 
I don't want you to forget too soon what happens when you disobey a major rule. 
I could have turned you back to the courts and your parents would have lost
their cash deposit and their home.  You almost violated one of the major rules
of your bail.  If it hadn't been for the bracelet letting me know you had left
the area, I would have been forced to call the court and report you missing.  As
it was I was out of your sight and sound for almost 10 minutes until I came in
range of the bracelet's voice transmitter.  You are lucky I chose to punish you
instead of ruining your parents."  With that said, Bill went over to Jackie and
removed her IV and unstrapped her arm from the board.  He then removed Melody's
as well and told Jackie to go clean up and then come back and help her mother
get around and cleaned up.  Jackie tried to quickly do as she was asked but she
was so sore that every movement caused her some pain and her joints were very
stiff.  She finally managed to get out of bed and half walk, half stagger to the
bathroom.  "Leave the door open" Bill instructed.  "Be sure to take a hot
shower.  Make the water as hot as you can stand and let it massage your body. 
It will help."  Jackie did as instructed and was amazed at how much better she
felt after a 20 minute hot shower turned up on high that gave her a strong water
massage.  When she returned to the main part of the apt Bill instructed her to
help her mother into the shower and she was to wash her down and give her a
massage as the water worked on her.  Jackie did so and her mother also recovered
enough to make it to the upstairs kitchen and some real food and fluids.  Bill
told them to be sure to take a lot of fluids.  He also told them that he
wouldn't assign any duties for them until they had fully recovered.  "Don't
forget this lesson" he told them.  There are only 3 weeks before the trial and
then you are both free unless you willingly give yourselves to me.  Both women
looked at each other and their thoughts were similar.  I have felt more alive in
the last 5 months than at any other time in my life.  They both felt that they
needed to continue a relationship like they had with Bill but were afraid to
verbalize their feelings.  Of course if they were to continue with Bill there
would have to be an understanding that there would be no more punishments like
the last one.  Neither of them thought they would survive that ordeal and were
surprised they had survived.  They had never felt such pain and torment not even
on the horse!  Neither of them voiced their thoughts at the time but reserved
them for a time later when it could be done privately.  Each felt the other
would not understand their new needs since Bill had forced both of them into
this lifestyle.  They assumed the other would want out of the relationship and
would want to go back to their "normal" lives.  Since neither of them responded
to the comment, Bill left them on their own until they were fully recovered.

Three days before the trial Jackie's father returned and the next day they all
met with Jackie's attorney.  He updated them on the progress of the defense and
told them bluntly that it did not look good.  He went through Jackie's testimony
again and again asked if there was anybody other than her boyfriend and her dead
friend who could corroborate her story?  Bill asked why they couldn't use the
boy friend to substantiate Jackie's statement?  The prosecution would claim it
was a biased or false statement as that would implicate the boy friend who is
presently not associated with the case.  It would not guarantee that the jury
would accept Jackie's claims.  As the discussion continued it came to the
location of the drug hiding place.  Jackie said she kept a small amount in their
garage to help when she was home and had to study for tests on her return. Bill
spoke up and asked when this transaction actually happened.  Jackie's attorney
told him the date and Bill said maybe he could help substantiate Jackie's
statement.  They all looked at him as if he had said the "Messiah" was coming. 
"What do you mean?" Jackie's attorney asked.  "My property is covered by
surveillance cameras and one of them covers the side of the house that includes
the driveway and garage area of the Short home.  Everyone looked at each other
and wondered why they hadn't thought of that before.  "Do you still have the
tapes of that period of time?" asked Jackie's attorney.    "I keep the tapes for
about six months and then recycle them.  I will check and see if I still have
the tapes for that date.  Everyone left the attorney's office in high spirits
even though Bill told them he might have erased and used that tape already. 
Everyone felt like this was the break they had been seeking for the past 6
months and that everything would now be all right.  They all hurried back to
Bill's house and when they entered both Jackie and Melody looked to Bill for
direction as they would normally have taken off all their clothes.  Bill saw the
look and smiled and made a no gesture with his head.  They sighed with relief
and followed everyone to the study where the tapes were kept.   Bill went
through the tapes and the next one to be erased and re-used was the one they
needed.  Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.  Bill smiled silently to himself. 
As if he would have destroyed THIS tape!  Bill placed it in the player and they
all watched as a figure appeared dressed all in black and entered and a short
while later left the garage.  The next scene showed Jackie, her boyfriend and
her best friend entering the garage.  It showed clearly the hypo that Jackie
carried and gave to her friend and then lights turned into the driveway.  They
quickly broke up before the lights found them and when Jackie's parents parked
their car in the garage, the young people were no where to be found.  After the
Short parents entered the house the camera showed the same individual entering
the garage and leaving with a small plastic bag.  About thirty minutes later the
camera caught Jackie and her boyfriend entering the garage and both of them
leaving with a hypo filled with the drug.  "This is what we needed to prove our
case!" exclaimed Jackie's attorney.  I am sure we can get the jury to reduce the
charges to manslaughter now!"  "What does that mean for Jackie?" Bill asked. 
"The most she would get now would be twenty years with probation in 5 years." 
Everyone looked stunned!  Even Bill! "How can that be when it is obvious that
someone switched the bags with the drugs?" asked Bill.  "It doesn't matter when
it comes to who supplied the drug.  Jackie was responsible for that and as such
has to suffer those consequences.  I think with her past record of exceptional
behavior and no prior record of drug use the jury will be more lenient than what
I said could happen.  That is the maximum.  We will go for the minimum which is
time served (8 months which includes the bail time) and 5 years of probation. 
It is very possible that Jackie won't face any more jail time than she has
already served and the provisions of probation are very different than those set
for the bail.  "What do you think the chances are of the jury finding her guilty
of manslaughter and recommending what you are suggesting?" asked Jack Short. 
"Pretty good I think based on her academic record and the fact she has no prior
record of any violations including a parking ticket."  "What if you asked the
jury to consider a more stringent probation than usual?" asked Bill.  "What do
you mean?" asked the attorney.  "Well something similar to her bail release"
answered Bill.  All the Shorts looked at Bill with a "What are you saying" look. 
Bill proceeded to explain his rationale. "The jury might not be inclined to be
as generous as you suggest and the fact that Jackie is under 24/7 care might
convince the jury to impose that sentence instead of real jail time with
probation down the road."  Jack looked at Bill and frowned.  "I don't think that
is a good idea" he said.  We want Jackie home with us.  Although this
arrangement has allowed Jackie to stay out of jail it is not what we thought it
would be.  I wouldn't favor such a suggestion." Melody was afraid to say
anything but looked pleadingly at Bill.  She knew what Bill's plans would be if
the jury imposed that sentence for the next five years.  If Jackie was acquitted
or placed on probation with time served then she would have the choice if she
wanted to continue a relationship with Bill.  This development was not what
Melody wanted for her daughter.  She wanted her to have a choice!  The attorney
said, "Well it is something to consider.  Lets wait and see how things
progress."  They then made copies of the surveillance tape and went over what
Jackie should wear to trial and how things would probably proceed.  They made
plans for them to all meet an hour before the trial began the day after
tomorrow.

The trial went as Jackie's attorney thought it would.  Jackie was found guilty
of manslaughter and the Jury recommended one year in jail with probation the
next 5 years.  The Jury did not consider the time served to be adequate and felt
that Jackie should have at least one year where she had little or no freedom in
which to consider her actions.  They felt that had she not been using the drug
to relax her she wouldn't have been in a position to supply any to someone else. 
It was now up to the Judge to actually set the sentence.  She set the following
Wed. as the sentencing date.  Both the prosecutor and the defense attorney's
could file a writ on the sentence with the Judge.  They had three days in which
to do this.  In the meantime the Judge remanded Jackie to the custody of the
police.  Until sentencing, she didn't feel it appropriate to release her on her
original bail provisions since she had been found guilty of manslaughter and
actual jail time had been recommended.  She felt that the temptation for flight
was much greater now.  Jackie was taken back into custody and left in handcuffs
and tears.  Bill told Jack and Melody that he would work with her lawyer on
providing a safe alternate place for the next year that wasn't in jail.  He told
them that they were not to hold out any real hope but he would do his best to
see that Jackie didn't have to stay in jail for the next year.  "If I am
successful, Jackie will not have to stay in jail but will be confined to house
arrest in my home.  She will not be allowed to even visit your home but you may
visit her in my home in her apt.  The rules will be even stricter than they were
for the bail provisions but Jackie will be allowed to work in my home and yard. 
When she is in my yard no one will be allowed to visit with her but she will be
able to get fresh air and be out in the sun instead of being kept in the house
for a whole year.  I will also see that she takes some of her college classes by
correspondence so her education can continue and she won't lose any more time
than she already has.  I will also pay her a good wage for the hours she works
in my home and yard so she will have money to finish her college once the year
is over.  If this meets with your approval, I will work out the details with her
attorney."  Melody of course knew that Jackie would continue to be the sex toy
and slave of Bill's but she also knew that Jackie had developed a preference for
that lifestyle over the past 6 months so that wouldn't really be a problem.  She
just wanted Jackie to have a choice from this point on but it looked like that
wasn't going to be an option now.  She wasn't sure how her relationship with
Bill as one of his slaves was going to work from now on with this unexpected
development.  Both Melody and Jack thanked Bill for his help and offered to help
in any way they could.  They left the court very discouraged.  Bill made
arrangements with Jackie's attorney to meet him early the next day.  He told the
attorney he had an alternate incarceration proposal to make to the judge.  Her
attorney said "OK, but I don't think the Judge is going to allow Jackie to
remain outside even with all your surveillance equipment.  They both left to go
their separate ways.




Chapter 24

(Incarceration)

Bill went home and immediately set about to lay out a plan for a stringent house
arrest plan.  Essentially it provided that Jackie would not be allowed out of
her apartment except to do work for Bill in the house or if there were no
neighbors about, in the yard.  Bill would modify the bracelet she would wear so
that if she tried to leave the yard, she would receive a shock great enough to
render her helpless.  She could move within the yard but if she stepped across
the field threshold, she would receive a severe shock.  Bill also outlined a
daily plan for Jackie that included a study period of three hours a day, and 4
hours a day of household or yard work at $50.00 per hour.  The money to be paid
into an account for her that she could access after her jail time was up but
only for educational purposes until she received her degree.  She would have 1
hour a day of physical fitness exercises to keep her in shape.  He also
stipulated that she would wear the prescribed orange jumper which said prisoner
on it when out in the yard.  The only thing he asked from the court was a
monthly stipend of $200 per month to offset the cost of food.  He would assume
full responsibility for Jackie's care and well being as well as her
incarceration security.  He would make weekly reports to the court and make his
home available for visits by an officer of the court anytime they asked for it
or whenever they decided to make an unannounced spot check.  When he finished
the plan he read it over several times to insure it covered everything he could
think of that would convince the Judge that Bill could incarcerate her just as
well as if she went to jail and save the county and state a lot of money.  He
knew he had to make the provisions strict enough to equal what she would
experience in jail except it would be without other prisoners to harass her. In
the worst case it could possibly result in some dyke making Jackie her
girlfriend and abusing her while she served her time.  If anyone was going to
abuse Jackie it was going to be Bill and on his terms which would not harm her
in any permanent way.   Bill didn't expect this turn of events when he set up
this situation to gain control over Jackie.  He had believed that the video
evidence which showed that someone else had switched the drugs would get her
off.  He didn't expect the Jury to find her guilty of manslaughter and recommend
real jail time.  He hoped his plan would prevail and if it didn't he would need
to make it up to the Short family and Jackie in particular. He went to bed
praying for the first time in many months that his scheme would eventually work
and he would have control of Jackie another full year.  He felt confident that
she would have come back to him willingly even if she had been acquitted.  It
would have to have taken place over holidays and summers until Jackie finished
college but Bill was willing to wait for those times and felt that eventually
Jackie would be willing to marry him and become his permanent full-time wife/sex
slave.  This situation just added icing to the cake if his plan was acceptable
to the Judge. 

Bill took his plan to the attorney the next morning and asked him to submit it
to the Judge as an alternate incarceration plan.  Her attorney looked skeptical
and asked Bill if he knew what he was setting himself up for.  Bill said, "yes,
I know."  "Jackie is not a bad person and I had no trouble with her during the
bail period so I don't expect she will be any now.  The attorney asked how
Jackie's folks would take this and wondered if Bill could really enforce this
visitation deal.  Bill assured him he could and told him what happened the first
time Melody tried to get Jackie to violate her bail provisions and how he had
handled that.  Of course he didn't tell him everything, just about the two week
loss of visitation privileges and how Melody behaved herself after that.  He
also didn't mention the incident when they both would have violated the bail
provisions if Bill hadn't placed the bracelet on Jackie so he knew when they
left the immediate area around the Short's and Bill's houses.  He had taken care
of that oversight on their parts and knew they wouldn't try anything like that
again.  After giving the plan to the attorney, Bill went home and had to wait
for Wed. to come. 

Wednesday morning, Bill picked up the Shorts and they all made their way to the
courthouse and the courtroom assigned for sentencing.  Jackie was brought in
shortly after they arrived wearing the usual orange jumper and with her hands
cuffed behind her.  She had dark circles under her eyes and they were red rimmed
from crying.  She also looked as if she had lost some weight in the past 5 days. 
She didn't look at either her parents or Bill.  She was escorted to the defense
table and then her handcuffs were removed and she was told to sit there until
the proceedings were completed.  The prosecutor was about 5 minutes late in
arriving and everyone was getting restless.  Once the prosecutor was seated at
his table the Judge entered and called the hearing to order.  She began by
summing up the results of the trial and the jury recommendation.  She also spoke
to the near perfect record that Jackie had before being arrested and her full
compliance during her bail period.  She then spoke to the need to insure that
the recommendation of the jury be given serious consideration as that was the
essence of our legal system.  Having said all that, she then asked Jackie to
come forward to the bench.  When Jackie rose and slowly walked to the Judge's
bench, it was obvious that she had a tough 5 days.  The Judge frowned and asked
her if she was alright.  Jackie answered, "No I am not alright.  I have had
little or no sleep for 5 days because I have been threatened by several of the
other women prisoners  and knew if I went to sleep they would attack me and keep
me silent while they worked me over.  I am not going to let that happen to me
again!"  The Judge was shocked and called the deputy forward and wanted to know
if this was true.  The deputy said, "We didn't see or hear anyone threaten her
or attack her and have tried to watch out for her but we can't monitor her all
the time.  The only way we can be sure that no one bothers her is to put her in
solitary confinement and that wouldn't be good for 12 full months."  The judge
just sat there and quietly looked at the deputy and then at Jackie.  "In light
of this information, I am going to modify my original plan to require Ms. Short
to serve her 1 year in the penitentiary.  She must understand the real effect of
taking and using drugs as well as sharing them with others.  One young person's
life has come to an end because of your drug use but I will not allow another to
be wasted as well.  Therefore, I am going to sentence you to one full year of
close house arrest under the care of Mr. Bill Wiley.  He has outlined a plan for
your incarceration in his home that will certainly drive home the negative
consequences of poor choices."  Jackie's attorney along with everyone else in
the courtroom couldn't believe what they just heard.  The prosecution jumped up
to object but the Judge just waived him down.  " Mr. Wiley has presented a plan
which will restrict Ms. Short's freedom to his home or yard.  She will only be
allowed to see her parents by appointment in Mr. Wiley's home and will not be
allowed to leave his yard or home at anytime during the next 12 months.  The
court will order restitution to Mr. Wiley of $200 per month for room and board
costs.  Mr. Wiley?"  "Yes your Honor," Bill replied.  "Are you prepared to take
custody of Ms. Short at this time?"  "Yes your Honor."  "Very well.  Then I
remand Ms. Jackie Short to the custody of Mr. Wiley for 12 months from this
date.  During this time, Ms Short is not to be allowed any visitors except her
parents and then by appointment only.  Ms. Short is not to be allowed to leave
the house or grounds during this time and when outside must wear one of the
prisoner bright orange jumpsuits.  Inside the home she may wear whatever
clothing is satisfactory to Mr. Wiley since he will be in charge of her total
care.  An officer of the court shall visit Mr. Wiley once each month and make a
report to me.  This officer may also make spot checks at their will to insure
that these provisions are being strictly applied.  Should there be any doubt
about how this system is working, Ms. Short will be immediately removed and sent
to the State Prison to finish out her sentence.  At the end of the 12 months
this court shall hear testimony on the fitness of Ms. Short for probation.  Are
there any questions?"  No one said a word so the Judge declared court adjourned
and ordered Jackie to be released into the custody of Mr. Wiley.  She was not to
change out of her prison garb but was allowed to take the bag with her personal
effects and street clothes with her.  She was turned over to Mr. Wiley and he
was told to leave the handcuffs on her until she was safely in his house and
within the electrified field around his property.  Bill took Jackie by the arm
and escorted her out of the courthouse and to his car.  He placed her in the
front seat and fastened her in.  He left the cuffs on her.  After closing the
door, he briefly went over to the Shorts and apologized for not being able to
take them home but they said "Don't worry about it.  We will get a ride or call
a cab.  We are just glad your plan worked."  Don't forget about calling for an
appointment before coming over." Bill said.  Don't make the same mistake you
made when I got Jackie out on bail!"  With that said, he returned to his car and
left for home.

As soon as he was driving away from the courthouse, Bill asked Jackie if she was
alright.  She said, "I hurt all over.  I was grabbed in the shower by several of
the other women and they beat the crap out of me.  They told me I was the "new
meat" on the block and would have to service them whenever they wanted or this
would happen everyday.  I did what they asked at that time and then told the
Warden what happened.  He said he was sorry but he couldn't do much for me
except put me in solitary.  "There is a code here and you best learn it or your
time will be very miserable" he said.  Bill reached over and unzipped the jumper
down to Jackie's waist.  He pulled the jumper open and immediately saw the
bruises on her tits, and body.  He carefully zipped up the jumper and told her
he would take care of her when they got home.  Jackie broke down crying and
thanked Bill for getting her out.  "I will be a good slave and sex toy for you
for the next year.  I promise."  Bill said, "I know you will and I will take
good care of you.  Remember that failure to follow all my orders no matter what
they are will still result in punishment."  "I know" she said.  No more words
were said the rest of the way home. 

Bill requested the court provide at least two more orange jumpers for Jackie to
wear.  No one thought to ask why two more when one would have provided a backup
when the other one was being washed.  Of course the reason was so there would be
one hanging in the house near the kitchen door so if the court officer made a
surprise visit, Jackie could quickly slip into the coverall while Bill let the
officer in.  She also had to wear it when the officer came on announced visits. 
All other times she was nude unless outside.  Bill still used her body how and
when he wanted and on occasion punished her for small infractions.  Jackie had
become almost the perfect slave and made few mistakes.  The biggest change in
their routine was the fact that Melody was only allowed to come over twice a
week to partake in their kinky activities as well as help clean house.  Jackie
was also enrolled in 12 credits of college classes which Bill selected.  She
complained they were business courses and she was working on a theater arts
degree.  Bill explained that she had just changed her major to business
administration.  She started to argue but Bill just told her that she now had 30
min. of punishment time on the horse.  She turned white and shut up.  Jack came
over to visit about once a week and called to see how things were going at least
two or three times a week.  Finally the 12 months were over and they were headed
back to court for the parole hearing. 

The Judge was glad to hear that things went so well the past 12 months and that
Jackie had completed 12 credits towards her degree.  She also had almost $10,000
in her school account.  Taking into consideration these factors plus Bill's
evaluation of her rehabilitation away from drug use during times of stress,
played heavily in the Judge's decision to grant parole.  Jackie was placed on
parole for 5 years and had to report monthly to her parole officer.  That meant
she couldn't go back to the University she had originally started to attend as
it was out of state and she wasn't allowed to travel out of state even for
school.  Jackie enrolled in the local University and declared a Business Major. 
All of her 12 credits plus the 22 credits she had earned at the first University
would count towards her degree requirements.  Finally things seemed to be
looking up for Jackie.




Chapter 25

(How Jackie's life was changed)

Jackie had now spent 18 months as Bill's sex slave and toy.  She had endured
severe punishment but she had also had the greatest sex of her life.  She could
no longer have an orgasm with just vanilla sex.  She needed the endorphine hit
that went along with serious short pain to reach the heights of sexual bliss. 
With Bill she had this.

When her time was served, and she was granted parole, she went home to live with
her parents.  Bill wished her well and added $40,000 to the $22,000 she had
earned under Bill's care.  The Short's were extremely gratified and thanked Bill
profusely.  Jackie broke down and cried and privately thanked Bill with the best
extended blow job she could deliver.  "I will always be available to you" she
told Bill when she left.  Bill just smiled and reminded her of what he told her
18 months before.  "I have never had vaginal intercourse with you and will not
until you ask me to and you are not under my supervision.  It must be of your
own accord and with full knowledge that you are giving me your body completely. 
In fact, you must want to marry me before I will penetrate you vaginally.  I
have used your ass and mouth many times but never that part of you that makes
you a woman.  You must want to be mine forever for that to happen."  When he had
finished telling her this, he gently kissed her on the forehead and sent her on
her way home.  He had made her leave the orange prisoner jump suits which he
returned to the jail facility. 

Jackie enrolled in the local college and began to work on her degree in
business.  Jack asked her why she had changed her mind on what she wanted as her
major.  Jackie replied that while at Bill's house she read a number of the books
he had in his library about careers and discovered that an undergraduate degree
in business was one of the best degrees she could have in preparing her for work
after college.  More opportunities existed with this degree than any others
except a degree in system analysis and management which did not suit her
personality at all.

Melody still went to visit Bill every few days and had developed a marked taste
for the BDSM lifestyle.  She often did little things to annoy Bill which caused
him to punish her which she relished.  She never came as hard with straight sex
as she did when she was in some type of painful situation.  She also found she
was a little bit of a switch in that she had begun to slowly dominate and
encourage Jack's latent submissive tendencies.  In fact, Jack had really become
Melody's play toy and she thoroughly enjoyed her role as the dominate party in
their sexual relationship.  She found she had the same intense orgasms when she
was controlling Jack and their sexual relationship that she had when Bill was
inflicting pain on her in their sexual escapades.  How Melody turns Jack into
her sexual toy and slave is another story. 

Jackie was faithful in keeping her appointments with the parole officer and was
doing excellent work at the university.  She met several young men and dated a
few with whom she tried to develop an intimate relationship.  Even though they
tried hard to please Jackie, none of them had the skill and expert technique
that Bill had developed over the years.  Sex became a real disappointment for
Jackie.  Bill never called her and asked her to come over so they could play. 
She was becoming a very frustrated young woman.  When the semester ended at the
beginning of summer, Jackie had finally reached her frustration breaking point. 
She called Bill after her last final and told him she was finished for the
semester.  She asked if she could come over and visit.  "Sure you can", he
replied.  Jackie was excited and hurried right over.  When she reached Bill's
house she didn't know if she should knock or just enter.  After all, she had
lived in this house for 18 months.  She finally decided she should knock as she
no longer lived there.  She knocked and Bill answered the door.  He smiled when
he saw her and stepped back as he invited her in.  As soon as she entered the
doorway she started to remove her clothes.  "What are you doing?" Bill asked. 
"I am getting undressed as required when I enter your house." She replied.  Bill
shook his head no and said, "You are no longer a slave of mine and you do not
have to remove your clothes or assume the position.  You are now just a welcome
guest in my home.  Melody on the other hand is still considered a slave in my
home and as such the earlier rules still apply to her."  Jackie looked stricken. 
"Don't you want me anymore?" she asked.  "I want you more than you can believe,
but I am no longer interested in having you as a temporary plaything or part
time slave.  You must give yourself to me completely and marry me or you will
just be considered a guest in my home." Bill told her.  Jackie couldn't believe
that Bill really wanted to marry her.  She was young enough to be his grand
daughter!  She looked surprised and Bill laughed and asked if she wanted a glass
of wine.  She nodded her head yes and Bill went to fix her one.  While he was
gone, Jackie sat on the sofa and thought about what Bill wanted.  She examined
her feelings about Bill and realized that she really did like him a lot and that
he made her feel important.  He also knew her needs and made sure to provide the
necessary actions to meet those needs.  By the time Bill returned, Jackie had
decided to accept Bill's odd proposal and see what developed.  When she told
Bill she would marry him, he again told her what that meant to him and what it
would mean to her if they did get married.  She said she knew what it meant and
needed to be loved in that way.  Bill picked up the phone and called Jack and
Melody and asked them to come over to his house.  When they arrived he broke the
news to them.  Both of them were shocked and tried to talk them out of it.  They
pointed out that the age difference was too great and would eventually cause
problems.  Both Jackie and Bill said they had discussed that and believed they
could deal with the age thing.  Finally when Melody and Jack realized that they
were serious, they reluctantly gave their permission. 

Bill and Jackie were married and lived together in a 24/7 slave/Master
relationship that met both of their needs.  Bill took care to see that Jackie
was not ever permanently marked or injured but received the harsh treatment she
so needed to find her ultimate sexual release.  This life style went on for 15
quick years until Bill at the age of 77 had a heart attack and died instantly. 
When the will was read, Jackie was in absolute shock as were her parents.  Bill
had left his entire estate to Jackie since he and Beverly his first wife had
never had any children.  When he had married and taken over Jackie's life, he
felt he was too old to be a good father so they hadn't had any children either. 
Unknown to the Shorts or the rest of the world in general was the fact that Bill
through his patents and research work had become one of the 5 wealthiest men in
the world. He left Jackie an estate worth over $700 million and two homes.  The
one they lived in next to the Shorts and one on the southern Mediterranean coast
which Jackie had never seen or heard of.  She was now one of the wealthiest
people on earth.  Jackie broke down and cried and said a small prayer to Bill in
which she thanked him for all he had done for her and in giving her so much
pleasure while alive.  She knew she would never find another man like Bill and
decided that now was the time to try the straight life.  She was still young
enough to have children and with her business degree and her graduate degrees in
accounting and finance, she knew she could continue to maintain the investment
accounts that Bill had started.  She was now a free woman with independent
wealth.  Jackie was now starting a new life with a whole new series of
adventures.  She could afford to go and do just about anything she wanted to. 
It was a heady feeling.  Before leaving the attorney's office, Jackie asked if
she now controlled the assets and the bank account.  She was told she did, so
she immediately wrote out a check for 1 million dollars and gave it to her
parents.  They could now afford to retire!  Jackie and her parents left the
office building where the will had been read and headed home in a complete daze. 
All of them walking on air and having more wealth than they had ever dreamed
possible. 

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Masterinc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





