BDSM Library - Black Rule Girl Academy




Black Rule Girl Academy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As black girls started entering the all white girl academy, one black girl had greater plans and start to enact them.  Hope to continue in the future.
Black Rule Girl Academy I

Joyce glanced up from her new desk.  She was the white principal of the all
white girl academy.  They had raised the costs and everything else they could to
prevent young black girls from entering to no avail.  It had been a week now
since about 30 of the girls joined and already teachers and their fellow white
students were complaining as well as several things happening in the school that
just didn't seem right.  She had a meeting the earlier week with the teachers to
ensure they enforce the rules and be as strict as they could with the new girls. 
Maybe they'll quit and things would go back to normal.

This day, Miss Jenkins, were bringing one of them to her office for punishment. 
The black girl was found outside kicking one of the white girls in the ass who
didn't even try to defend herself.  Joyce was shocked when she heard about it
not just because of what the girl did but also the fact the white girl didn't
resist.  Well, that what she was for and this school did allow corporal
punishment.

She heard the door opened and glanced up to see Miss Jenkins in her late 40s
lead a young black girl into the room.  The girl was quite beautiful for a black
girl with a lean body and well built.

She studied her for awhile as she entered and thought to herself she would enjoy
spanking this girl butt and straightening her out to pay proper respect to her
teachers and fellow students.

"Thank you Miss Jenkins for bringing Mandy to my office."  She told her.  "I'll
take care of the matter."

"Good riddance," the woman said releasing the girl hand and walking back out the
room and shutting the door behind her.

"Young lady," Joyce said, "you are to stand in that corner with your nose to the
wall till I get through with these papers and we'll attend to the matter
properly on your behavior."

Joyce watched the young black girl walked over to the corner and the sway in her
butt as she pressed against the wall.  Such a lovely butt, she thought to
herself, as it moved.  She normally got excited punishing a young white girl
butt; but this time, it seemed to be different.  This ass was one of the best
shaped she had ever seen.  Her own cunt was getting wet at the thought as she
tried to focus back at the papers on her desk.

Several times, she glanced up to see the girl wiggling in the corner with her
ass swaying impatiently awaiting her punishment.  Normally, she enjoyed the
sight of them squirming but this butt was different as she found herself lusting
to rub it.  Her cunt was getting wetter and wetter as she watched forgetting
about the papers.  Damn, that is such a beautiful ass.  She needed to rub her
own cunt but knew better.  Maybe, she could close the office afterwards and
enjoy herself.

"Young lady," she yelled out loud.  "You are to come over her and bend over my
desk now."

Joyce got up from her chair and reached to the side of the desk to get the big
black paddle she always used for such an occasion.  She watched the girl walking
over with her perky little tits swinging through her near see through blouse. 
Gosh, they were so delicious, Joyce thought.  She could sit and lick on those
tiny tots for hours.

The girl didn't even seem in fear as she walked over and bent over the edge of
the desk.  She even had a defiant look on her face like she dared her to spank
her.  For a moment, Joyce wished she could get on her knees and kiss and lick
her beautiful butt as she watched it bend over the edge.

"Maybe you would prefer to spank me with my skirt up," the young black girl said
surprising her by reaching back and lifting her skirt up above her waist before
Joyce could even say a word.

Joyce looked at the gorgeous black cheeks of her white panty covered ass and her
heart thumped.  Her own cunt was creaming at the sight as she found herself
lusting to cover them with kisses instead of beating them with the paddle she
held loosely in her hand.  She hadn't even realized that she was just standing
there frozen and staring at the young girl ass but the girl apparently began to.

"Or maybe," Mandy continued.  "You prefer to spank young girls on their bare
ass.  Like this."

Joyce mouth dropped as the girl suddenly lowered her panties down to her knees
exposing her ass crack and dark inner hole to Joyce staring face.  She dropped
the paddle drooling at the sight in front of her wishing she had her face buried
in her crack.  She couldn't move as her cunt was dripping at the sight and she
moved her hand down to her skirt to try relieving some of the fiction she felt
down there.

Mandy was now glancing back enjoying the sight of the older white woman standing
there with her hand in her skirt crotch staring at her ass.  She knew that the
older woman was now hers and she planned to use her in anyway she could imagine.

"Crawl over here and kiss my black ass," Mandy yelled back at her, "Like the
white whore you are.  If you kiss it well enough, I might let you put your face
in my ass and clean my asshole."

Joyce tried to fight the feeling but her own cunt was betraying her as she
slowly got down at her knees and hand like a dog and crawled over to the swaying
black ass she longed for.  As she arrived, she started kissing the cheeks all
over trying to win her over so that she could lick between them.

"Oh yes, kiss them some more," Mandy teased down at her swaying her ass back and
forth on Joyce face.  "I knew you were an old fat white whore from the moment I
saw you.  That's it worship your new mistress ass."

Joyce was kissing faster and faster as Mandy words humiliated her more and more. 
She just had to get her tongue between those glorious ass cheeks to the goal she
desired.  She no longer felt like the proud woman she always had been but just a
pet to be used and abused as she tried to get her hand up her own skirt to rub
her clit faster.  Mandy noticed her putting her hand up as she glanced back.

"No masturbating slut."  She commanded her.  "You are only allowed to play with
yourself when I let you.  Now put that wagging tongue of yours in my ass and
start cleaning my asshole.

Joyce removed her hand from her skirt and put her face inside the cheeks and
started lapping her asshole.  The taste was slightly salty but she didn't care
as her only thought at present was to please the young girl and the rimming of
her asshole was driving her crazy as her cunt was drooling down her nylons.  She
tongued in and out Mandy puckered asshole like a mad dog getting its first taste
of a meal in weeks.  She didn't even want to stop as Mandy demanded she quit and
kiss her ass while thanking it for the pleasure of licking her asshole.

When Mandy turned around, she had her first look at her glistering cunt hoping
she would shove it in her face so that she could lick it also.  But that was not
to be.   She glanced up at Mandy face in a pleading manner hoping the words
would come out.

"I think you have been a naughty little white cunt," Mandy smiled down at her. 
"And that desires a punishment.   Don't you think so, Ms White Goody Shoes?"

"Yes mistress," Joyce replied, disappointed that she wasn't going to get her
tongue in the pussy just inches from her face.

"As a matter of fact," Mandy continued, "I think my white whore should strip and
go stand in that corner till I have a chance to ponder how to punish her.  Don't
you think so, Ms Goody Shoes?"

"Yes mistress," Joyce replied disgusted at herself on how easy she was being
controlled and loving it.  She slowly got up and removed all her clothing as
Mandy watched gleaming in her eyes at her humiliation.  Totally naked, she
marched over to the same wall Mandy had stood in earlier and placed her nose in
corner of it.  She could feel Mandy eyes in back of her knowing that she was
looking at her exposed big white ass and could hear Mandy swatting the paddle on
her hand ever so often.  Her cunt was dripping wildly in anticipation of that
paddle coming down on her butt as she squirmed in the corner with her ass
wiggling wildly in back.  It felt like hours before the words she longed for
finally came.

"Crawl over her my white bitch under the desk so I can beat that big white ass
of yours," Mandy yelled at her.

Joyce quickly dropped to the floor and crawled over and went under her own desk. 
Her big ass and legs sticking out nicely in back for whatever abuse awaited it.

"From now on, I rule this office and your ass now belongs to me," Mandy said
from behind her as the paddle descended hard on both her ass cheeks as she
yelped in pain.

"Do you have any problems being my new white bitch?" Mandy yelled out.

"Noooooo mistress," Joyce yelled out loud as the paddle landed on her right ass
cheek hard. 

"Wiggle your big white ass for me bitch while I paddle it for being bad," Mandy
continued.

Joyce started swaying her ass in back as the paddle landed again and again.  She
felt herself getting closer and closer to climaxing despite the pain in her ass.  
She could hear Mandy talking behind her as her words were turning her on more
and more.

"When I'm done with all ya white bitches, you're all learn where ya belong. 
Take that bitch.  Feel good to have a black girl beat your royal fat white ass. 
Have another."  She was yelling.

Joyce started to climax with her ass swinging wildly from side to side knowing
she wouldn't be able to sit for a week.  Her only thoughts at the moment were to
cum as her body shook and climaxed.  The paddle kept descending on her poor
beaten ass.  The last words she heard from Mandy as she passed out on the floor
in bliss was that Ms Jenkins big ass was going to be next.

Joyce awoke with the feeling of something cold at her asshole and then the pain
of its entrance. 

Ahhhhh.  She cried out as the object entered her butt hole roughly. 

"Glad to see you're awake Ms Goody Shoes," she heard Mandy say from above. 
"Thought you might want something to write with later so I found your black
marker.  Hope you didn't mind that I wrote Mandy white bitch on your ass.  Do
You?"

Joyce asshole was getting accustomed to the marker fully inserted inside.  Her
face was still pressed to the floor and her ass still jugged upward in back to
Mandy view.  Her ass was sore from the paddling she had just received but her
cunt was still tingling in excitement.   She didn't care how she could have been
so easily dominated by the young black girl.  Her only thoughts now were to
please her in any way she chose.

"Time to crawl out from the desk and get on the intercom and all Ms Jenkins in
here, Mandy told her slapping her ass with the palm of her hand."  Mandy
demanded her.  "You are going to tell her she is fired from her treatment of
me."

Joyce crawled out backwards.  Her knees were sore and weak.  She sat up and
turned around.

Mandy  OHHHHhhh

"That's now Ms Mandy to you," Mandy said as Joyce rubbed her freshly slapped
face.

"Ms Mandy," Joyce murmured as her face was still stinging.  "I can't just fire
......"

Slap.

"Yes you can and you will unless she agrees to submit to me.  You will tell her
she abused me."   Mandy stared down at her.

Joyce face stung from the slaps and knew she didn't want to displease her
mistress again.  She pressed the intercom button on the desk. 

"Ms Jenkins will you please come to the principal office immediately."  She
yelled.

"Good slut," Mandy smiled at her.  "Now you better get dressed before she
arrives.    Since your butt seems to be preoccupied at present, I guess you'll
have to stand while you talk."

Joyce quickly put her blouse and skirt back on.  Mandy told her to put her
panties and bra in the desk drawer.  She barely made it when Ms Jenkins knocked
on the door and she yelled at her to come in.

Ms Jenkins entered the room to see Mandy standing beside Joyce who was still red
in the face.

"Is everything okay Joyce," she asked looking at the smirking Mandy wishing she
could slap that smile off her lips.

Joyce quickly gained back her composure and turned around to face the teacher.

"Yes," she replied.  "Carol you are being fired for abusing this young girl here
in front of the whole class and we do not allow this to happen here."

Ms Jenkins (Carol) face dropped in disbelief at her words.

"But Joyce.  I have been here for over 10 years and you know I have never done
anything like that.   She's making it all up.  I tell you.  The little bitch." 
She yelled back at them.

"I'm sorry Carol but rules are rules and this girl has been abused."  Joyce
lied.

Joyce, I'm 45 years old.  No one is going to hired me and I'm deep in debt.  You
know that."  Carol begged.

"I'm sorry Carol,"  Joyce continued, "but unless Miss Mandy here decides you
should stay.  You are terminated as of this moment."

Carol stood stunned at the words while glancing back and forth at Joyce and the
smiling black girl just standing there.  She realized that something wasn't
right but what was she going to do.  She needed the money and the job.  The lump
in her throat was getting larger and larger as she looked back at the smiling
Mandy and say the words she thought she would never say.

Mandy, may I stay.

"If you beg me nicely," Mandy replied still smiling, "I might let your big white
ass hang around here for awhile."

Carol was shocked at her words.  She turned to Joyce pleadingly only to see
Joyce staring back on her like she was expecting something.

"Joyce, please do I have to be humiliated like this?"  She asked in haste.

"You humiliated her in class in front of all her friends and should have to do
the same."  Joyce responded.  Her own cunt starting to get wet with the thought
of Mandy dominating one of her own friends.  "In fact, I think you should get
the punishment you requested for her afterwards if she lets you stay."

Carol heart dropped at the words.  She knew she didn't have much choice as she
turned back to the smiling Mandy.

"Mandy, may I please stay and teach.  I will be a good teacher and will not
humiliate you in class again."  Carol whimpered.

"That's not good enough," Mandy replied enjoying every minute of it.  "In fact,
I think you should strip naked in humiliation and begged me more nicely.   And
please refer to me as Ms Mandy and yourself as Carol."

Carol face turned all shades of red and a glance at Joyce told her immediately
that she wasn't going to get any help there.  It was totally humiliating but
what other choice did she have.  Slowly she started unbuttoning her blouse and
letting it fall, removed her bra so that her large breasts popped out for
display.  She looked over at Mandy still smiling with pleading eyes only to be
told to hurry up.  As she finally removed her skirt and panties, she stood there
totally naked with one hand on her tits and the other trying to cover her hairy
bush down below.

"Put your hands to your side and come stand in front of me when you beg," Mandy
remarked. 

Carol was too ashamed to even look at Joyce for help as she lowered her hands
and walked over to stand in front of the young black girl.

"What does fat bitch Carol want to say to Miss Mandy," Mandy teased enjoying the
humiliation of the teacher who wanted her spanked earlier?  She could even see
Carol getting wet in her cunt and knew the woman was starting to get excited
despite herself.

"Please Miss Mandy, may fat bitch Carol stay and teach in this school," Carol
replied almost choking on her words.  "I will be a good teacher and promised not
to humiliate Miss Mandy in class again."

"I not sure if you are sincere," Mandy continued enjoying the moment and knowing
she had to push it farther.  The woman was now defeated but if she wanted total
control she had to take away her last pride.

"Kiss my feet bitch Carol and promise to serve me as the old fat white whore you
are."  Mandy continued.  She could see the fire in Carol eyes for a moment and
then the show of defeat.

Carol dropped down to her knees and bent over with her butt high in the air and
her mouth planted on Mandy shoes.  She started kissing them. 

After kissing on her shoes all over, she spoke.

"Please Miss Mandy, may this fat white whore serve you.  I will be a good whore
for you."

Mandy enjoyed the words as she noticed Carol was wiggling her butt now as she
continued to kiss her shoes up and down.  She knew the woman was now sexually
excited and aroused and needed to relieve herself at the earliest moment.

"Bitch Carol," Mandy continued, enjoying the woman winding down below her in
lust.  "I think I may let you stay as long as you do everything I say from now
on without question or hesitation.  As a matter of fact, I am going to go over
to that desk over there and bend over it so that my beautiful ass is exposed so
that you may put your slutty white face in it while Joyce beats your butt 25
times for your punishment.  Is that understood?"

"Yes Miss Mandy," Carol voice stained from below.  "Thank you Miss Mandy."

Mandy walked over to the desk and lower herself over the edge and lifted her
panty less skirt up as the other white woman crawled forward implanting her nose
between her cheeks on her asshole.

"Bitch Joyce," Mandy looked up at Joyce who was still standing in awe at the
display.  "Get your white butt over here and spank bitch Carol big ass with that
paddle.  I better here her crying or I'll use it on your fat ass again."

Joyce didn't need any help at the moment as her own cunt was dripping all over
the floor.  She quickly got the paddle and ran over to Carol bent over ass.

Whap.

Ohhhhhh.

Mandy enjoyed the sound of Carol scream in her ass as her nose buried itself
deep in her asshole.

Whap..

Ohhhhh,  Please Miss.....

Whap.

Mandy felt a tongue enter her asshole and knew the woman was totally hers for
the keeping.

"That's it bitch Carol.  Tongue my ass while you get your big white ass paddled. 
Make me cum or I may let Joyce continued past 25 till I do."  Mandy told her.

Whap..

Carol was not tonguing inside the girl's puckered entrance.  Her own cunt was
dripping as the pain in her ass from the paddle was making her more and more
aroused.  It went well past 25 before Mandy finally made Joyce stop beating her
ass.  She collapse on the floor as Mandy stepped to the side.

"Do my slut Carol know her proper place now?"  Mandy asked.  "You may address me
as mistress."

"Yes mistress," Carol half whispered.  Her ass ached and her tongue was raw.

Mandy gave her a quick kick to her left ass cheek.

"Get up slut,"  She demanded.

Carol slowly rose up on her shaky legs.  Her own cunt was dripping down her
thighs.

"Both of you sluts turn around and show me those big round butts."  Mandy
demanded them.

When both ladies were turned around in front of her, Mandy grabbed a handful of
each of their asses and held them tight.

"Now we are going to discuss tomorrow activities in school sluts,"  she
demanded.  "There are going to be a lot of changes here."

She started marching them around the room holding their asses in her hands and
giving specific instructions.  Both women were agreeing to anything she was
demanding.

Classroom in Training

Miss Jenkins arrived at her classroom on time but she was completely changed
today.  She wore a low cut blouse and mini-shirt which completely showed her
large thighs to everyone watching as she entered.  With the exception of Mandy,
the classroom consisted of 10 other white girls who stared in disbelief as she
entered.  Mandy was not there yet as they had arranged the day before.  Miss
Jenkins immediately walked to the center of the room.

"Girls," she said, "Today subject is going to be on our sexual stimulation.
Principal Sanders has approved of everything we are going to do so you need not
worry about getting in trouble.  All of you, have experimented in sex at one
time or another but today will be totally different.  First of all, I want each
of you to stand up by your desk and remove your clothing like I am doing."

Miss Jenkins started removing her blouse and skirt in front of the classroom as
the girls all watched wide eyed and shocked.  She had no underwear as her large
breasts swayed below.

"Hurry up girls," she yelled at them.  "Get those rags off now."

Some of the girls were giggling and others were shocked but each girl rose from
her desk and started removing their clothes laying each piece on the desk
nearby.  Several was covering their pussies and tits while others just stood
with their hands on their hips.

"Girls, Miss Jenkins continued, "We all know how to masturbate so at this time I
want you to rub your creamy little pussy like I am doing.  You know you want to
and it feels so good.  Go ahead rub your cunt."

The girls were all watching Miss Jenkins rubbing her clit with her finger and
the pleasure she was getting from it as each joined her.  It took only several
minutes before all the girls in the room was now masturbating in earnest and
enjoying the pleasure they were getting when Miss Jenkins demanded they stop.   
All the girls were disappointed and several started begging her to let them
finish up.

"No," Miss Jenkins told them, "this little demonstration was to prove that each
of you is a slut at heart and cannot control your cunt." She was squeezing her
legs like the girls trying to get some kind of fiction on her own cunt. 

"It is only natural for any white woman to be dominated by their own sexual
urges as you have just found out."  She spoke to the class.  "Today we have
something special prepared for you.  As you know, we have several black girls in
this school now and 11 of them have agreed to come by and show you how superior
they are compared to us lower white species in this area.  Black girls are
naturally dominant and know how to control themselves unlike us.  They have been
watching us through a video camera in the back of the room and now are at the
door to continue our education.  Miss Mandy will be in charge and each of you
will do as she directs or suffer any punishment she or any of her friends decide
to dish out."

She started walking to the doorway as the girls started protesting and covering
their pussies and tits with their hands. There was nowhere to hide as they stood
and begged Miss Jenkins not to open the door.  Their cunt juices was all over
their thighs.

As Miss Jenkins opened the door Mandy walked in with 10 of her friends smiling
at the stunned white girls trying their best to look away and cover anything
they could.

Mandy immediately walked to the teacher desk.  She called back to Miss Jenkins
in a commanding voice.

"Slut Carol come here and show these white sluts the proper position for a white
woman such as you", she demanded in a loud voice.

Miss Jenkins immediately drop on all fours and crawled over putting her nose in
the back of Mandy skirt.  All the white girls were staring in disbelief while
the black girls were standing laughing at her.  Now that Mandy had their
attention, she pressed on.

"Slut Carol."  She asked?  "Why is your nose in my ass?"

"I a white slut mistress."  Carol replied.  "Please may I worship a black woman
ass as a proper slut should do?"

"Lift up my dress, pull my panties down, and lick my ass,"  Mandy demanded.

All the white girls watched in horror as Carol put her head under Mandy dress in
back and pulled her panties down to her feet with her mouth.  As Mandy stepped
out of them, she raised up under her skirt and started licking her ass.  Several
of the white girls started back rubbing their pussies at her humiliation and
soon all of them were doing the same.  Mandy let them get all worked up again
before she told them to stop.  Several of the girls had climaxed already.

"You worthless cunts," Mandy yelled at them.  "Do you see any black girl here
playing with herself?  See you can't even keep your hands of your cunts.  Girls,
she yelled at the other black girls standing and laughing at the girls.  Please
turn around and show these worthless sluts what a superior black woman ass look
like."

All the black girls were totally smiling and turning around they started
wiggling their butts at the white girls.  Finally, they raised their skirts and
pulled their panties down below exposing their bountiful beautiful butts to the
lusting white girls' eyes.

"Now sluts," Mandy looked back at the white girls standing there staring at the
beautiful butts presented to them.  "Each of you crawl over there and worship
that beautiful black ass like the slut you are.  If you please your mistress,
your mistress may take you as her own private slut for today and maybe longer. 
Get those white asses moving sluts."

The girls offered no resistance as their cunts were drooling all over their
legs.  Each got on all fours and crawled over to the nearest black ass they
could find and started licking the girl's ass crack.  The black girls were not
making it easy as they grinded and rolled their butts all over the girls' faces
trying to tongue their assholes.  Not a singe girl had offered any resistance in
this class which was better than Mandy ever anticipated.  She started rubbing
her own ass all over Carol face as she was nearing her own climax.

Teacher Meeting

Principal Joyce had called six of the school white teachers to the gym while
Mandy was enjoying her classroom teaching debut.  Mandy had planned it the other
night and she proceeded to carry out her Mistress instructions.  When the
teachers had arrived, she had told them that their was a virus going around and
each of them was to go immediately to the shower room and take a shower to wash
off any potential disease while she inspected their clothing.  None of the
teachers offered any resistance for fear of catching some kind of disease. 
Little did they know when they were undressed and in the showers, Joyce had
opened the door to let twelve black girls in and started taking their clothing
with her.  All of the girls had a small whip in their hand with cuffs on their
belts.  They were the toughest girls Mandy could choose and knew that two could
handle any white woman.  Joyce could hear the yells of surprise and anger in the
showers as she closed and locked the door as instructed.

Inside the showers, the white teachers were all in shock as the girls approached
with their whips in hand.  Several tried to make a run for it but was thrashed
by the whips as they passed and stopped at the locked door.  They tried to
scream as the whips fell on the back of their thighs and asses.  Two teachers
tried to fight it out but as they pushed one of their attackers away, the other
was lashing them on the thighs and breasts and soon fell prey as well to the
brutal onslaught.  The two remaining tried to huddle in the corner as the girls
dragged them out by the hair as they pleaded and begged for mercy.  Soon they
were all cuffed by their hands in back and ankles together.  The black girls
made each of them get on their knees with their butts up in the air.   Each
teacher was given five lashes on their big white asses by each girl and one on
their pussy for good luck.  They were begging and pleading with the girls for
mercy and promising to do anything they asked. The girls took turns shoving
their whip ends in their cunts and assholes till each of them starting cumming
and rocking back on and forth on the handle.  All of the proud teachers were
reduced to nothing but a sexual plaything and toy for the girls and was no
longer fighting them but begging them to let them cum.  Soon they were licking
the girls' asses and pussies and pleading with them to let them play with their
own cunts.

When Joyce came back and opened the door, she brought 6 leashes with her as
instructed as each one of the once proud white teacher got on their knees and
thanked the girl putting the leash around her neck.  Joyce could see the welts
on their bodies but at the same time noticed the cum dripping down their thighs
much like her own.   She had cleared a way to Carol classroom as instructed for
the girls could dragged the white teachers by their leashes there.  As she led
the girls and their slut puppy teachers down the aisle, her cum started running
down her thighs in anticipation of meeting Miss Mandy again.

As they entered the classroom, Joyce noticed Mandy seated in the teacher chair
with Carol on her knees below her licking her cunt.  The black girls had all
removed their clothes and were now seated in the desk chairs with their young
white sluts licking their pussies below.  They all stared at the doorway as
Joyce entered followed by the young black girls dragging their pups behind. 
There was laugher and mockery as the proud teachers crawled around.

Punishment Time

Mandy was the first to speak up as the teacher pup convoy entered the room.

"Girls," she spoke out to all the black girls standing and sitting.  "Today we
have learn our true place in life and the proper use of a white whore.  From now
on we rule this school.  Slut Joyce, our ex principal and slut Carol here will
help me get the rest of the teachers and white sluts in school in their proper
place by the end of the week.  It's time we enjoy ourselves at this all white
girl school which they tried their best to keep us out of and I think these
arrogant white bitches should be punished for their attitude."

All the black girls were shouting and yelling their approval.

"To start with," she continued, "I want all the white teacher whores to go to
the chalkboard and bend over and spread your big white ass.  That includes you
slut Joyce and Carol."

All the teachers got up and walked over to the board and reaching back started
spreading their big butts.  Carol immediately join them as Joyce quickly
disrobed and did the same.  Their large brownie holes were all sticking out from
their massive butts for display as the black girls teased and taunted them. 
They called them names as the young white girls licked their pusses down below.

Mandy finally stopped the teasing and announced.

"To show you all what an asshole these white bitches are.  I had slut Carol go
out last night and purchase us a few toys."  She told them.

She opened the drawer pulled out eight large butt plugs from it and laid them on
the desk top.  She also pulled some big black paddles.

"Girls, she shouted out.  "It's time to play pin the tail on the honkie.  Go
ahead and plug their fat white asses.  Afterwards make them walk around the room
while you paddle their fat hinies.  It will be fun to watch them flap their arms
like a rooster as their big butts get a taste of the paddle."

All the black girls yelled out their approval, pushing their white sluts faces
out from between their legs, jumped up and grabbing the plugs and paddles while
the teachers started whining and begging.  The girls took turns plugging their
asses while others held them over or paddle their rears.  Mandy enjoyed the
sight and demanded four of the young white girls on the floor to come over and
service her cunt and tits while she watched.  As the older white teachers each
broke down in tears and begged for mercy, the black girls made them stand up and
start walking.  Mandy enjoyed the sight of the once proud white women waddling
around the room flapping their hands as the black girls paddled their big
behinds.  She came from the sight and pushed the girls away to their
disappointment.  She told the girls to have fun while she took care of another
problem and she would be back soon.

That problem was one particular teacher that she had reserved.  She was an
arrogant wealthy white teacher who had her and the other black girls kicked out
of her class.  She was very beautiful for a white woman and always had her nose
in the air.  Today, however, Mandy knew was her turn.  She walked out the door
into the hallway.

Revenge

Karen Johnson was just finishing her lecture with the class which now consisted
of only white girls.  She wasn't going to have no black girls in her class. 
What would her parents and friends think.  She heard the door opened.

"What do you want," she yelled out.  "It better be good or I'll walked you down
to the principal office.

"Yes mam,"  Mandy lied.  "Miss Joyce sent me down to get you immediately.  She
said she needed your help and said you could give the class the rest of the day
off."

Karen looked with disgust at the girl.  How dare the bitch interrupt her class
but she dared not disobey Joyce.  Where else could she work in an all white
class such as this.  She dismissed the class and followed Mandy down the hallway
to the gym area.  She watched as the black girl swayed her ass back and forth
thinking about how much she would love to put it over her lap and beat the hell
out of it.

"Where the hell is she," Karen asked irrated.

"In the locker room there," Mandy said pointed into the open doorway.

Karen yelled for Joyce and walked into the doorway only to have something
quickly slide up her feet and around her ankles.  She tripped forward looking
down to see a rope was lassoed around her ankles and Mandy had the end of it. 
Their was pulleys up above and she felt her ankles being pulled and watched
Mandy pulling the end of the rope.

"Let go that of that rope now bitch," she yelled.

Mandy started pulling the rope as fast as she could as Karen was trying
desperately to get it off her ankles. 

"Stop it now bitch."  Karen yelled.  "Wait till I get your ass..."

Mandy had pulled Karen legs completely in the air and now her butt was starting
to go up with it.  Karen quit trying to grab the rope and was instead trying to
pull her skirt back up which dropped below her butt. 

"Stop, stop."  Karen yelled as only her shoulders were touching the floor now
and she gave up on her skirt trying to reach anything to the side to hold on to.

"You little bitch, she continuing yelling.  "Just wait till I get loose."

Mandy; however, was enjoying this to the max as she finally had Karen completely
suspending in the air as she was her thrashing around trying to reach anything. 
She tied the end of the rope to a large pipe on the side of the wall.

"Time to teach that proud white ass of yours whose the boss around here," she
yelled out at Karen walking over.

"Don't you dare touch me.  You black bitch."  Karen yelled trying to slap her
away with her hands.

Mandy grabbed from rope nearby and quickly grabbed the older woman hands trying
to fend her off and tied them behind her back.  She was cusing up a storm at her
as she reached over and grabbed the scissors she had planted earlier with the
rope and started cutting the teacher skirt off her.

"Don't you dare.  You bitch. Noooooo."  Karen yelled as the skirt finally came
off and fell on the floor below.  She felt Mandy cutting her blouse next and
promised to send her to prison when she got loose.

Mandy enjoyed her foul language cutting and finally tearing the blouse off the
older woman and then unhooking her bra as it fell down too.  Karen was still
cusing as she stood up and cut her white panties off with ease.  She looked at
the totally naked white woman she despise stung upside down.  She grabbed each
of her ass cheeks on each hand and dug as hard as she could in the flesh.

"Ohhhhhhhhh."  Karen yelled out below.

"Time to teach your white ass some manners around black girls," Mandy laughed
from above.  She started slapping the white globes as fast and hard as she
could.  "Feel this you white bitch"

Karen was screaming as her ass was being slapped hard above.  She was yelling as
loud as she could for help but the gym was closed for the day.  Soon the pain
was becoming unbearable and she tried begging Mandy to quit.

"Are you going to be a good little white slut," Mandy asked enjoying every
moment of this.

"Yes, yes, no more please," Karen yelled.  Her ass felt like a frying pan in
back.  She felt Mandy stretching each ass cheek in back.

"Ah," Mandy teased, "you do have a brownie hole back here and I thought you were
ass white.  I think it needs some attention."

Karen just hung in shame as Mandy inspected her private place and was relieved
when she finally released the cheeks.  Only for a moment; however, as she felt
them being spread again and then something cold at her anus opening.

"Nooooooo, Mandy please," she screamed.

Mandy shoved the plastic butt plug almost all the way up Karen shitter with one
push as the woman thrash around cusing.

"Almost there," Mandy said shoving the rest up the tight pucker.

"It's too big.  Take it out.  Ohhhhhh."  Karen was screaming.   "It hurts.

"Too bad."  Mandy told her.  "If you're nice to me, I may let you remove it
later today.

"Yes anything," Karen wailed.  "Anything you want."

Mandy removed her clothes and walked around the larger white woman and looked
down at her pitiful face below her cunt.

"You will address me as Ms Mandy from now on," she said running her clit with
her finger.  "And right now Ms Mandy would love to hear her new fuck toy beg to
lick her beautiful pussy."

Karen looked up between Mandy legs at the girl's glistering pussy above.  There
was no way in hell she was going to asked the young bitch.....

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh."  Karen screamed as she felt Mandy bring a small thin paddle
down on her cunt lips above.  "Ahhhhhhhhhhh."  The next blow fell.

"Please Ms Mandy may I lick your pussy," she yelled.

"Ask me to lick my beautiful superior pussy," Mandy yelled bring the paddle down
again on the woman clit as she screamed out in pain.

"Please Ms Mandy may I lick you superior beautiful pussy," Karen screamed as
loud as she could.

Mandy slowly squatted down so the woman face was in her cunt.  She felt her
tongue immediately working her clity as she enjoyed the feel between her legs.

"Oh yes you old whore," she told Karen still lapping at her clit.   "I have big
plans for your worthless white ass.  I may even keep you myself as my personal
slave.  Now lap harder bitch."

Mandy grabbed each of Karen's large tits and started twisted the nipples.

"Faster,"  she demanded.

Karen started licking faster.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





