BDSM Library - The Bare Necessity




The Bare Necessity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Its a F/f D/s Story. Which is too close to reality. How i see my self getting involved in a D/s with another female that is. Its extreme at times, calm at others. Its crazy at times, and sane at others. Just as complex as human mind.
At that late evening, the coffee bar in that multiplex was almost crowd less.
Every one was either watching a movie, or having dinner in the restaurant just
opposite the caf� in which a fairly attractive girl with long black hairs and
dusky skin, named Kiran, used to work in the evening shift after her college.
Kiran was there that night too, behind the counter, idly sitting yet waiting
eagerly for the manager to come and close the caf�, then to go home and sleep as
she had a long day next.

Kiran sighed slight and yawned as she looked at her wristwatch again. Thinking,
" 10 minute more to go, than one more boring day comes to an end."

As she expected none to come in the caf� and ask for a coffee, She started
packing up to leave. Her hand moved to her small shiny nametag, hanging topleft
at her skimpy uniform, to pull it off. She smiled as she just brushed the metal
and the first name emblazoned on the tag, thinking how wonderful it felt to wear
a name so openly.

She thought, for everyone the first and most crucially important part of the
communication was to know the name. And in her case, no one even needed to ask.
She had always felt vulnerable and that made her shine with secret pleasure. May
be that was the next reason after easy money, to have accepted this part-time
job while doing her masters in commerce.

She remembered how she always consciously tried to nudge customers to say their
names, while taking the orders. It was a silly game, but it made her feel
strangely aroused when someone had deliberately deny her the very simple yet
important detail while at the same time knowing her name and calling her by
that. She had to then stick to Sir or Ma'am for addressing, and she liked it. Of
course, She liked the way that person had exerted the control over the
communication by denying her the name. She loved the fact that the person had
guts and drive to do so very freely.

But to her unfortunate, she came to realize that many men couldn't resist to her
question, thinking that this was an invite for date, and they would get the
phone number eventually after giving the name. It was may be the way that she
looked so seductive, or the way that she manipulated them with her charming
smile. The ones who did deny her, well, they didn't even look at her in first
place. She didn't like that though. She, as every human being on earth, wanted
to be liked, and appreciated, even after being denied. And so her search to find
someone, someone perfect for her who can give her both, was on since she
understood the whole dynamic of the situation.

The wind chimes jingled, heralding the opening of the door, as she looked up to
see someone coming in. A lady, in her early twenties. She thought again, how
could she think of her as a lady instead of a girl when the person who entered
looked so young. What was about her that was lady like? Kiran found an answer
instantly as she lay eyes on her whole attire again. The Stranger had an aura of
power and sophistication around her, and that made Kiran think of her as a lady.
She smiled as the lady Stood in front of the counter, browsing in the menu, not
even noticing Kiran, who was almost staring at her.

The lady looked up after making a choice, and gazed at Kiran with a small formal
smile, saying, " A Hot Black coffee with no sugar... And yes, make it fast." She
finished the instructions and turned opposite, reaching for the corner table,
placed extremely close to the AC. After sitting there, that lady punched in the
number on her cell phone, and started talking to someone as she opened her Daily
planner.

Kiran stood there motionless, still looking at her. There was something about
that lady that was superbly attractive to Kiran. The lady was averagely fair,
but quite tall for girls of her age. She wore black formal wear, and her
shoulder length burgundy black hairs accentuated her bright face. Her eyes were
big, and expressive. And her full lips had a tired curve to it cause of the
workload she seems to be wearing instead of make-up.

Kiran turned the other way, as she remembered that she was ordered to do
something. She swiftly prepared the coffee with a smile at the pun of her own
thoughts. As she finished and placed the cup on the counter, she realized it was
a self-service caf�. She also realized that while taking the order, she didn't
even ask for the payment, nor told her to pick the order up from the counter.
She blushed with embarrassment at her own disorderly manner of her work. But now
there was no way out. She couldn't ask her to come and get the coffee, cause
well, she hasn't even asked her the name! 

After some thinking, she thought the best thing was to go to the lady's table
and give her the coffee and an apology. And then explain her the self-service
policy of the caf� as Kiran wouldn't want the lady to suffer the consequences
for Kiran's mistakes the next time she comes to the caf�.

Kiran came out from behind the counter, clad in the skimpy Apron that was her
uniform, and picked the cup and went to the lady's table. There she stood
waiting for the lady to acknowledge, as on the table there were papers cluttered
over. The lady noticed and looked at her, with a smile, and took the cup from
Kiran's hand directly, saying, "Thanks, Kiran." Then she turned back to her
papers sipping the coffee. Kiran stood there, unable to say anything more. The
lady turned to her again, and said it in a firm voice, still with a smile,
"Could you not disturb me for... say... next fifteen minutes?"

Kiran nodded. And turned to move away. Kiran's legs were shaking slightly. What
was happening to her? Why she couldn't tell that lady anything? Kiran was
already getting late, and the host of the caf� would be arriving soon, and then
close the caf� after they leave. But this lady here wanted more 15 minutes, and
by then the manager would come and see all of Kiran's errors.  

Kiran stood there, at the counter again, this time straight and concentrated.
She had to save her impression of efficiency for the manager. She looked at the
wristwatch, praying that something bad should happen to the manager and thus he
arrive late. Lost in thought, it also seemed to her that the second hand on the
watch was moving fast, yet the minute hand was not moving as fast as it should.
After ten minutes or so, she had the intuition that manager would be there then.
So she picked up her bag from inside the counter and brisk-walked to the lady's
table. Next moment the manager entered before the lady registered Kiran's
standing there at the table. But she did eventually, and then she turned back to
her papers as Kiran pulled the chair opposite her.

Kiran sat, smiling at the manager and nodding him to come forward. The lady
ignored them both, still busy in her work. Manager came and inquired about the
delay. Kiran replied saying that the lady was her friend and they were just
having a coffee together. She knew she didn't have to say anything more, as the
bill would be deducted from Kiran's salary. And because Manager had given her
these favors before, he would not ask more questions. Manager smiled and just
asked her to finish soon, so that he can leave too.

Kiran took a deep breath, with a smirk that she out-smarted her self at this
idea of not letting him know the blunder. And that lady also didn't react to
fuck the plan. But Her thought process was halted when she heard the rustling of
paper in front of her. Kiran looked ahead, and the lady looked back at her with
a straight face, saying, "If you've to lie to save something then that's
actually not worth saving." Then she began packing up her papers in her bag.
Kiran was startled at the statement, embarrassed before her, as she knew what
has just happened.

The lady got up and walked off after saying, "Come with me." Kiran stood up, and
followed her out, as it was the right thing to do after that lie. At the Door of
the caf� as the lady and Kiran walked together, Lady got hold of Kiran's hand,
and softly closed her fingers around Kiran's arm, pulling her close, as she said
" Wave goodbye at the manager, Kiran."

Kiran turned and said Goodbye with a smile, as the lady clutched her arm tighter
and almost dragged her to the car in parking lot. Kiran didn't resist. She even
couldn't resist. The whole thing had her aroused and interested to experience
what could happen next in this scenario. Lady opened the passenger door,
motioned her to get inside. Kiran got in. Lady walked to the driver's and hopped
in to start the car at once and drove off.

On the whole way, none said anything. The lady was fully concentrated on
driving, and Kiran was fully concentrated on thinking why she was going along
with this, as she stared aimlessly out of the car window.

As they stopped inside another parking lot of a high building, the lady tapped
her fingers on Kiran's thigh, taking her out of the lost state. Kiran was more
aroused at the subtle freedom the lady was taking, like touching her thigh at
the excuse of talking, it made her feel open to her.

The lady said, "We're home." Kiran tried to find the meaning out of what the
lady just said.

Lady continued with another smile, at Kiran's bewildered state, " Would you like
to get inside and prepare a coffee for me, Kiran?"

Kiran replied this time, after a long silence, trying to calm down," Yes..." She
then continued with a smile, " but hey, would you tell me your name at least??"

The lady smirked, as she touched Kiran's shoulder, and then the hairs,
intertwining her fingers in Kiran's smooth velvety hairs... " You don't need to
know that, do you?"

Kiran closed her eyes at the intimacy, breathing a little deep and heavy, as she
replied, " No, Ma'am."

The lady smiled, " Then everything is settled, lets go up to my flat."

Kiran smiled, to hide the blush of arousal on her face. She stood up and went
ahead after her. The thoughts in her head said, this was not an end to the
boring day, rather a start.

But yes, something else did came to and end... her search for that perfect one.




They went up. Together. Lady put an arm around Kiran's waist as they walked out
of the lift on fifth floor.

Not knowing which one of the two doors was lady's flat, Kiran just stumbled a
step and stopped to let the Lady go forward and guide. The Lady pushed her with
her hand on back of kiran's waist, this time a little stern, toward the door on
the right, as she fumbled through her bag to find the keys for the flat.

Kiran held her breath, as she waited facing the closed door, thinking, "This is
where it begins." Lady had finally managed to find the keys from her cluttered
bag, as she walked past Kiran; passing her the bag to hold while she opened the
door. kiran had it clutched in her arms. She felt different, strangely good,
being treated like that. It felt natural to her, to follow, as it was so natural
for the lady to command. The cards were already placed on the table now, Kiran
only had to flip them one after one to reveal if she had won the blind game, or
it was the biggest risk and she had lost. While she was thinking about it, The
lady had opened the door, and she had went inside speaking a little loud without
even looking back at her, "Are you going to stand there all night?"

Kiran blushed slight, and stepped inside the living room. It was spacious, open,
like there was actually nothing in the room other than large windows that faced
the city lights. yet it was very elegantly furnished with appropriate furniture.
She eyed the whole room from to corner to corner, and there came a strange
looking corner-table in her sight, as she sat on the sofa putting the bag aside.
The table was strange, nothing she had ever seen before, a naked lying girl's
brass statue holding up the heavy glass top. The girl was laying on her back,
her hands straight on floor from shoulder to elbow and straight up from elbow to
wrists, and knees pulled up as well. The sheet of transperant glass was held by
her upturned palms and kneecaps. Her feet were planted down, toes to heels
touching the floor. Her face had a nonchalant expression to it, yet almost close
to a warm smile. Her brass skin was shining through the glass, like waves of
ocean shines in the noon sun. Kiran thought that her skin also had a brassy
shade to it. She would also have the same shine if... Lady tapped her fingers
onto Kirans shoulder right then, as she stood there holding a glass of water,
smiling and whispering her the question, "Do you like it?"

Kiran had to think twice, before she understood what Lady meant by asking that.
It was about the piece of furniture, not the scene Kiran was thinking. Or may be
Lady had read her mind, and was asking about that only. Kiran thought, if only
she could read her mind, Would she be disgusted, or remorseful at Kirans
thoughts and wants?! It was better not to say anything rightaway, as kiran
managed to smile, and stammer, "yes, i like it. How did you manage to get this
beautiful piece?"

Lady replied, handing Kiran the half empty glass of water from which she was
sipping, " I have an eye for special kind of beauty."

Kiran took the glass, with a shy smile, she was being forced to drink from
Lady's used glass. They were these small things, which made her tingle in
special places. She sipped a mouthful, the cool water giving her a little
calmness as she asked a question back, putting the glass on the corner table,
looking at it very adoringly, " What kind of beauty?"

Lady replied, as she sat beside kiran on the sofa, closed her eyes and stretched
her arms to slide off the stress of the day, " The beauty which is rare, yet so
amzingly expressive. The beauty that lies in every human being, yet just few are
brave enough to admit and accept it. The beauty that comes by accepting who you
are, and what you want.. and be courageous and selfish enough to crave it."

Kiran looked at the lady, thinking, would she really understand what she wanted
throughout her life. Lady noticed the stare, and looked back to Kiran. Their
gazes locked, the conversation that never happened, yet understanding that was
forming itself. Kiran closed her eyes again, as lady put her arm around kiran,
and pulled her close. Breath to breath, they remained. Lady whispered, very
slowly, barely audible, "Do you want it?" Kiran heard it, not only through her
ears, she heard it through every nerve on her face that lady's warm breath
touched. She opened her lips, sighed, and said with her eyes still closed, "I
crave it."

Kiran could feel the lady smile, before she closed in to kiss kiran on her lips,
full and close kiss. wet and passionate. strong and possessive. Lady's arms
around kiran tightened in a close embrace, and kiran melted in, strangely being
aroused by this. She had never kissed a woman before, but it wasnt strange, it
was more relaxing at that time. Kiran was not freaked out, she would never. She
never had fantasies about a women, but the thought wasnt that repelling to her
as well. In stead, the happenings were quite heavenly than she expected.

Kiran felt like the kiss never ended, but turned into a hug, as lady pulled
kiran with her as she laid slowly on the sofa, with kiran on top. Kiran slowly
put her arms at Lady's sides, holding her body slightly up, not wanting to
stress the lady by giving the whole body weight. The lady sensed kiran's
moments, as she moved her hands at sides too, holding both of kiran's wrists and
pushing and twisting them behind kiran's back in an instant. Kiran moaned slight
in the kiss, as it caused a little pain, but the grip of lady's hands on her
wrist was comfortting. She loved the feeling of security as she laid so close to
her, with her, joined to her by their hands. Kiran slowly moved her head
sideways and dropped it to lady's shoulder as the lady finally let her lips free
from the kiss. She laid there, listening to lady's heartbeats, thinking what was
it that aroused her, was it the kiss, or the hands on her wrists, or somthing
else all together?

After some minutes of silence, Lady shifted her hands to hold both kiran's
wrists in one, as she moved her left hand up and reached to Kiran's hairs,
grasping a handful and pulling her head up, with not so painful yet noticable
force, asking, " What are you thinking?"

Kiran replied, more turned on by this treatment, " I have.. never been with
another woman."

Lady smiled, " May be after tonight you'd never have to say that again.."

Kiran chuckled slightly at her answer, " you have turned me on.."

Lady replied with a slight laugh, "Honestly, i didnt intend to do that, but as
its done, then lets as well do something about it.."

Kiran smiled innocently, asking with curiousity, " what do you intend to do now
?"

Lady replied, "hmm.. lets try and turn you off, shall we?"

Kiran was taken aback by that, as she once more got lost trying to find the
meaning through what lady said. Lady smiled devilish, as she slided her left
hand down fron kiran's hairs to Kiran's skimpy apron and her skirt. Kiran was
wide-eyed at lady's assertiveness, and the advantages she was taking. Lady
forced Kiran's legs open from front and pushed her palm over Kiran's panty
covered crotch. Kiran sighed out loud, she was never touched so openly and
shamelessly before. She was feeling totally vulnerable, to lady's touch that was
spreading moist warmth to her entire being. Lady grabbed her crotch tight, and
tried to mauled it as she spoke with smirk, " Does this turn you off?"

Kiran moaned out loud, biting her lips. She breathed heavy at being manhandled
like that. She tried to squirm not understanding why she didnt want to get away
from lady's touch after being treated so unmodestly. Lady scratched her nails
over kiran's crotch, pushing them down over her cloth-covered vagina, and
reaching up her crack. It drove kiran crazy, the touch was maddening, she had
never felt this aroused before. Lady asked again, "tell me Kiran... Does it?"

Kiran breathed, with unexplainable pleasure, "No. it doesnt."

Lady asked naughtily, " Why? It mostly does to other females. Being forced and
used so unrespectably."

Kiran shot back, a bit irritated by all the talk, and a more embarrassed to
admit, " you know why!"

Lady suddenly stopped and pulled her hands off from kiran leaving her free to
move. Kiran didnt know what to feel, be happy that she wasnt being forced to
expose her self, or to be sad that she no loger felt the security of lady's
touch. Kiran looked at Lady, a little puzzled, at what just happened. Lady was
looking at her; huge disappointment on her face. Kiran realized she had just
behaved the way she wasnt expected to. Kiran shouldnt be rude to her like that.
She right away felt sorry for it, as she also admitted it to lady, " I'm sorry
for that."

Lady pushed kiran up and off her, sternly putting her aside, in silence, as she
got up mending the creases off her formal wear. Kiran felt worst, as she said it
again, " I didn't mean it ... like that."

Lady still didnt say a word, she went out of the living room, disappearing in
the small hallway. Kiran stayed there, not knowing what to do now. After what
seemed like forever, kiran got up, and went towards the hallway, trying to find
her. First she stumbled her way into the kitchen and then bathroom. At the very
end of the hallway, she finally managed to reach the last door that
unquestioningly led her to the bedroom. Here, the lady was sitting infront of
her dressing table mirror, brushing her hairs smooth after changing her clothes
to a satin nightgown. The room had a distant chill inside, AC it was, kiran
noticed.

Kiran stood by the door, waiting for lady to acknowledge her. Lady spoke,
without looking at her, "how far do you live from here?"

Kiran was flabbergasted by that question, why did she ask it? did the lady
really want her to leave? The offense wasnt that bad. Or was it? Kiran replied
after some thinking, " 30 kms. 45 minutes approx."

Lady stopped combing her hairs, as she sighed and turned to kiran. " you can
sleep in the living room on sofa and I shall drop you off at your place tomorrow
morning. Cause we can't go in my car or call a cab right now as its too late to
travel that far."

Kiran opened her mouth, to speak, but stopped short, and turned the otherway,
with tears in her eyes. Lady turned back to mirror and resumed brushing. Kiran
walked herself out to the living room, with tears streaming down her face at
being rejected like that. She was feeling so many emotions at once. She was
feeling lost, mostly. In stead of sitting over the sofa, she went over to the
wall that faced the hallway. She slumped down there, on the floor with her knees
pulled up and her arms about them, with her back straight on the wall, and her
face in the direction of her bedroom door. The door was open and Kiran could
still see lady's satin covered back through her watered up eyes. Kiran didnt
understand why was she feeling so close to her, that she was hurt by what the
lady did.

Lady turned again, this time she saw kiran down the hall. She smiled slight at
kiran's pose of sitting, and thought that may be kiran was not a bad catch
afterall. A little bit of behavior modification and then kiran would be a great
find. Lady got up after a long time of leisurely brushing her hairs, as she had
planned, and walked to the bedroom door with the hairbrush in her hand.

Kiran was given enough time to realise her emotions, and her drives. She stared
continuously in the direction of the bedroom, but her thoughts were elsewhere.
She understood that, Lady had opened her up to new posibilities and then pushed
her down to realise that without them, without her she wouldnt feel right.
Tonight she was so closely exposed to her bare necessity... of needing this
perversion like never before, needing the lady even it was just the brief few
minutes encounter they had. She had always needed the control that lady
potrayed, she had always needed the possession that lady poured. And she had
understood it, but almost. It was still a long way to go.

Kiran looked at the lady as she stood by the door. Kiran prayed in her mind,
"dont close that door. dont bloody close that door, just give me one more
chance". lady kept unexpressiveness on her face, as she first stood there
motionless, and then started walking through the hall, towards kiran. Kiran's
heart fluttered, "she dint close the door on me", as she kept looking at lady's
mesmerizing walking figure. When lady reached her, she stood close, almost
hovering over kiran's body. Kiran felt like a small child sitting like that. A
child, who wanted to be loved, and cared for, even after being punished for her
naughtiness. It struck her, right then. As Kiran mumbled, " Punish me."

Lady smiled in her mind, thinking that kiran was way much smarter that what she
thought of her to be. But outwardly she pretended that she didnt hear her. Kiran
repeated loud, closing her eyes, not believing she had just said it, "punish
me."

Lady replied, " Ain't I already?"

Kiran responded brushing her tears off her cheeks, " not like this please."

Lady smiled, her devilish smile, for the first time after those long and painful
minutes, " Fine. Then you decide how I punish you?"

Kiran thought, very seriously for a minute, and then said slow dropping her head
down," anyway you like, just not THIS way." she didnt want to be refused again.

Lady crouched down in front of her, raising Kiran's head, by using the end of
the hairbrush below her chin, " I'm a little old-fashined."

Kiran looked at her, in silnece. waiting.

Lady resumed, " 30 strokes. this hair brush. on your rear."

Kiran dropped her jaw, how could she say it out loud. Those times were gone,
nobody did those practices anymore. But here the lady was, hinting her about the
corporal punishment.

Finally she managed, to say it, after closing her eyes. "Alright."

Lady held both of kiran's wrists and pulled her up with force, dragging her
after herself, in the bedroom. Kiran followed, not that she had a choice,
actually she had made her choice already it was just the consequence, she
thought. Lady freed her right at the bed and she herself sat at the edge, while
kiran stood at the side, not knowing what to do then.

Lady simply said four words. "lay over my knees."

Kiran slowly implied, as she uncomfortably moved down, over lady's knees,
raising her bottom up in the process as she rested her palms on the floor. Lady
leisurely brushed her fingers over kiran's skirt covered ass. Kiran closed here
eyes at the contact. She was not going to make another mistake to drive the lady
away, besides the lady was not doing anything that damaging, kiran reasoned in
her mind. Lady pushed kiran's skirt up, revealing kiran's thighs and stark white
panty. Kiran shut her eyes firm, thinking the pain would soon follow this.
instead, lady whispered, "this has to go.", as she fingered the line of the
panty at kiran's thigh. Kiran didn't say anything, there was no need to say, the
lady was right, panties had to go to deliver a real punishment. Lady pushed the
panty down kiran's legs, stopping them just below the knees. Kiran breathed
heavy as the chill of the room touched her exposed pussy, and made her shiver.
Then there was no touch from lady's side. Kiran waited, and waited for the hard
blow to fall over her bottom. By now she had believed it was quite natural of
them to be in that position. But the blow never came, instead lady opened kirans
legs again, this time from back, as she scratched her way down to her clit.
Kiran moaned, loud, uncontrolled, as lady manipulated kiran's arousal. Lady
suddenly pushed her two fingers inside kiran's already wet and wanting
womanhood, and kiran tensed up, with pleasure, groaning out loud and gripping
lady's thigh with her hands those were on floor before, supporting herself.

Lady smiled, knowing kiran was hers. already. kiran squirmed, to get more
contact, more friction, to be able to orgasm. but lady provided none, rather
pushed her fingers in harder, to make her lay still. Kiran somehow understood
and sighed and limped down, motionless over lady's knees.

Lady took her fingers out, brushing the wetness off, over kiran's ass. Kiran was
more aroused, realising she was being used as a wasterug too. But it was natural
right there and then. Nothing felt too weird to her. Like there was some sudden
change in her wirings that made her belive that it was right.

Lady moved her left hand down, under kiran's body, kiran felt that as she raised
herself up for better excess. Lady commented," Very good.." as kiran basked in
the praise, at doing that humilating thing, opening her self at some stranger
she just met today, without any lady-like modesty. Lady slipped her hand down to
kiran's pussy from front, she pushed one finger in, deeper this time, almost
lodging kiran over her finger. And kiran felt strapped, unable to move, she
remembered her earlier wet dreams, of being imapled helplessly like that, but in
a very different, extreme scenarios. kiran just statyed still, or rather tried
to as lady's expert finger searched and touch kiran's spot of ultimate pleasure.
Kiran dropped her head down, giving her self in the vortex of pleasure that was
drowning her in. Suddenly there was a loud whack, and a burning sensation over
her right ass cheek. kiran cried out, with pain, with pleasure, not
understanding which one was more intense than other. Lady resumed twirling her
finger inside kiran's privates, provoking her orgasm, as she kept blowing with
the flat wooden side of the hairbrush, over kiran's ass in a rhythm, and kiran's
loud grunts echoed off the blows.

It was more than thirty, the blows didnt stop, but kiran was above that
counting, in fact she never counted. Kiran just concentrated on her burning ass,
and her boiling wetness. suddenly there was another change, lady has pushed two
more fingers inside kiran's wanting pussy. She tensed at the pressure and
pleasure. Lady continued, this time pushing the fingers in and out, with the
same rhythm of the blows. kiran lost her self, in dual sensations, both adding
into her arousal, like never bofore.

Lady moved down as she sensed kiran had reached her peak, her mounth close to
kiran's ears, as she said, " Orgasm for me, I know you want to.." Kiran closed
her eyes, at the permission that was granted by the lady. Kiran pushed her self
back over the fingers, wantonly. Kiran was more turned on, she was given a
permission, that made her realise that from now on she would need to have a
permission before having the truest pleasure of her life. lady stopped the
blows, and just kept fucking kiran with her fingers.

Kiran responded quite eagerly, so close to orgasm. But she wanted something,
something more, to drive her over the edge. she needed it too. very badly, as
tears start to form in her eyes.

Lady sensed it, and she stopped, pulling her fingers out. kiran laid there,
beathing heavy, sobbing slightly. Lady turned her around, so that kiran was laid
over on her back. Kiran had closed her eyes and tears were spilling freely. Lady
put her left arm around kiran's neck, pulling her up, kissing her firmly over
the lips. kiran responded, putting her arms around lady's neck too. Kiran's hug
tightened as she felt lady's fingers, invading kiran again, at her very door of
her womanhood. kiran had still had her eyes shut tight, just experiencing this
ride of intense pain and immense pleasure.

Lady fucked her, again, deep and mersiless this time. She broke the kiss at
kiran's moaning. She whispered , almost in kiran's mouth. " Open your eyes, and
look at me." Kiran opened her watered up eyes, looking at her, longingly yet shy
and embarassed. She saw lady's intense eyes. full of power, and the animalistic
primal wanting. There! Lady granted kiran's last need. as she looked deep into
her eyes, lady spoke, "cum for me, now." Kiran bit her lip hard at this and
tensed her body, gripping the fingers inside. Lady firmly kept fucking her, as
kiran came close to the edge, ultimately. Kiran sobbed as the powerful orgasm
hit her. right through her pussy, moving up to her brain. And she exploded,
right then. Over the fingers of her controller. the lady that she came to adore
a lot throughout the evening. Kiran cried. as lady slowly pulled her fingers out
and braced kiran close to her, holding her.

Kiran hang onto lady's neck all the while, not wanting to let go. Lady smiled
and dropped her on bed, making her lay on her sore back, and she also laid with
her, beside her. Lady put and arm about kiran's waist, clutching and holding her
close as she whispered, " Sweet dreams my precious. Rest for now."

Kiran nodded and tried to form a smile, but the sensations were over whelming,
as kiran couldnt stop the tears. Tears of happiness, tears of joy. Tears that
screamed out loud in the darkness, that she was no longer alone.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Athenna


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





