BDSM Library - Mom's New Toys




Mom's New Toys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mom finds her son and daughter-in-law being dominated by a hooker and decides if that what they want, she will provide it.
Mom's New Toys

It was quite a surprise, when mom found out about me and Susan enjoying being
dominated by a hooker one Friday evening.  We was both humiliated and a loss for
words as Mom kicked the hooker out of our house and told us that we were going
to sleep at her house tonight. She didn't say anything as we all drove back and
told us to get to bed in my old bedroom.  She said we would discuss it tomorrow
as we meekly did as she requested and fell out to sleep.

Get your butts up. Time to work.

I opened my eyes in disbelief.  It was Saturday.  I didn't have to work.  I
glanced over and saw mom lifting Susan out of bed by her arm while she was
protesting.  Slap, slap.  Two hard slaps were applied to her ass as she reached
back and gripped her cheeks in response.

"Get your ass in the kitchen now and prepare breakfast."  She yelled at her.  "I
mean now."

Susan ran out the room in haste still holding her ass.  I immediately got up and
went to the drawer to get my panties.

Slap, slap.  My ass was on fire.  Mom had slapped my ass while I was bent over
trying to get the drawer open.  I turned around to protest when I felt another
slap on my thigh.

"Did I tell you to get dress?  Get outside and mow the backyard now."  She
demanded.  "I'm going to enjoy checking up on you every once in a while to see
that white ass of yours wiggling."

I was astonished at mom tone but excited also as I ran out the door and into the
shed to get the mow.  It was a good thing mom lived far from town or someone
would have seen me streaking across the yard naked.  Grabbing the mow and
fueling it, I dragged it to the back and crank it up.  The wind felt cool on my
cock and ass as I pushed in back.  I was getting horny just pushing the darn
mow.  Several times I saw mom looking out the window checking up on me so I
wiggled my ass as I passed to give her a good view.  After an hour, I put the
mow back up and stubble back in the house with my hard on still pointing
straight out.

In the kitchen, mom was sitting on her favorite chair eating her breakfast, but
what was surprising was a Susan at her feet.  A dog bowl had been placed on the
floor and she was on all fours eating out of it.  Mom was enjoying probing her
ass pointing up as she ate.  I sat down to eat my meal.

"Not yet Johnny.  You have to dust the tables first in the living room."  She
told me.  "The duster is in the drawer."

Disgusted at not having a hot breakfast, I got up and got the duster and started
for the living room to get it done.

"Not that way Johnny."  Mom yelled.  "Come here and I'll show you how you are to
do it.""

I walked over as mom grabbed my cock and stroked it a few times as it grew in
response.

Now turn around and bend over."  She said.  "That's it.  Good boy.  Now spread
that sweet ass of yours."

I started to protest when her hand came down across my ass cheeks and I reached
back in response and spread my ass in front of my own mother.  To my surprise,
she took the duster and started working it in my asshole as I tried to loosen up
for the cold plastic.  When she had about four inches in, she gave me a couple
of slaps on the rear and told me to get busy.  I staggered towards the living
room noticing the door was wide open and she could see everything I was doing. 
Finding the first table, I bent over and glance behind me to ensure I didn't
knock anything over.  Wiggling my ass, I started dusting the first table and I
saw her smiling in the kitchen.

"When I saw your ass wiggling outside, I knew I could put it to good us," Mom
yelled.  She kicked Susan between the ass cheeks.  "Come here dear and lick my
pussy while I watch your hubby dust the tables."

I was red in the face as I continued to walk around the room going from one
table to another while mother was getting off watching me with Susan tongue
plowing her cunt.  No longer could I stop, as I had been more excited in the
last 24 hours than I had been in years and started putting on a real show for
her.

"Come eat your breakfast dear and be sure to clean the duster before you put it
up."  Mom called me.  "I'm going to take Susan to the bathroom so she can
complete her chores.  Do you want to clean my toilet, bitch?"

"Yes mommy," Susan replied.  She started crawling to the bathroom on all fours
as I watched. 

"I think Susan would make a good doggie," mom said smiling as I withdrew the
duster from my butt.  "Maybe I'll train her to be one."

I cleaned the duster and sat down to eat my cold breakfast.  I had little taste
for the food as my cock was dripping beneath the table in anticipation of what
was going to happen next.  I could hear slaps in the bathroom and words being
spoke but couldn't make them out.  I was glad it was Susan who had bathroom
cleaning and not I.

Suddenly the door opened and mom yelled at me to get in the bathroom now. 
Slowly I got up and walked in.  Susan was on all fours tonguing the top of her
toilet seat and I was glad there was nothing in the john.

"No, Johnny, I wouldn't do that.  It not healthy; although, I did think of it<"
she laughed.  "Now get on your knees."

Slowly I dropped to my knees wondering what had happened.

Susan told me last week while we were fighting that even you thought I had a big
ass.  I think it time you see for yourself.  She slowly turned around and lifted
her gown with her bare ass to my face. 

"Lick your mother ass Johnny and then you can tell me how big it is."  She
remarked.  "Susan just told me it was the most beautiful ass she had ever seen."

Being as horny as I was, I couldn't resist the urge as I started roaming my
tongue across her huge mounds and then working my way up her crack to her
asshole.  I had experience tonguing Susan ass before and knew how to turn her on
with it so I started doing the same with mom.

"Oh I just love Susan and you licking my ass," mom said.  "That it put your
tongue in deeper.  I think I will make this a regular daily activity for you
two.  Do you think that is a good idea Susan?"

"Yes mommy," I heard Susan replied.  "I love to lick your beautiful ass."

Mom withdrew from my face and got the soap off the counter rinsing it with
water.

"Time to clean your mouth Johnny," she said, as she started pushing the soap in
my mouth.  The taste was terrible, but at the same time she was pushing her foot
on my cock stoking it.

"Susan, Johnny has another hard on.  What should I do with it?"  She asked.

"Let me suck it mommy," Susan replied.

"No dear, he'll like that two much."  Mom replied.  "Get up Johnny and stand by
the toilet."

I got up and walked over to the toilet.  Mother got by my side and gripped my
hard on in her hand.

"Susan put your finger in Johnny ass while I make him cum again."  She demanded.

She grabbed my cock roughly in her hand.

"That's it Susan," she exclaimed as I felt Susan finger plow into my butt hole
in one push making me jump.

Mother started stroking my cock while Susan was shoving her finger in and out at
leisure.  Soon I came in the john with some spilling on the toilet cover.

"Come with me, Johnny, I have other things for you to do."  Mom announced as I
stood still shaking from my orgasm.  "Susan that toilet is a mess.  Clean it up
now."

Mom took me out the bathroom and assigned all kinds of house chores.  When Susan
came out she joined in the activities.  Mother would follow around and slap our
asses with her ping-pong paddle every once in a while if she was displeased. 
While I was vacuuming the floor, she was on the phone for quiet a while which
gave me some relief till she got off.  She started fussing that my cock was limp
and taking the hose of the vacuum starting sucking it till it got hard again. 
Then she made me do it while she watched and slap my ass to keep me from cuming. 
Susan was scrubbing the kitchen floor as mother got on her back and slapped her
ass a few times to tell her to do a better job.  She got up only long enough to
get a large spoon to put in her asshole.  Of course, she was in all her glory. 
She made us take turns licking her cunt everything she got worked up and love to
shove her large ass in our face to show us our place.

That evening, we were licking her feet while she watched TV when the doorbell
rang.

Mother got up immediately to answer it as we both started looking for a place to
hide.  The only way out of the living room was by the door, which was out of the
question.  We heard Susan mom voice as Susan went in panic mode trying to hide
by the side of the chair leaving me just sitting on the floor exposed.  The only
problem was her ass wouldn't go behind it and was jutting out when mother and
Susan mother entered the room.

"My gosh.  Susan what are you doing, her mother yelled!  I can't believe I'm
seeing this.  And John, you should be ashamed of yourself."  She yelled out. 
Mom was standing to her side just grinning at the situation.  She probably
planned it herself.

Susan mom face was red as hell and I knew she would have killed something if she
could.  I just stood still trying to hide my cock with my hand.  Susan was
crying behind the chair

"Come with me and I will explain everything," mom told her.

Susan mom didn't know what to do as she stood looking at use.   Turning away she
stormed out and followed mom to her bedroom.  I told Susan that she was gone but
that didn't help matters as she was still crying in humiliation at being caught
like this by her mother.  It wasn't any use to hide anymore as we both took a
seat expected the worst when they returned.  We could hear noises in the upper
bedroom and knew they must be in a fight or something.  It was about thirty
minutes before the older ladies returned and mom entered the living room. 

"Did I tell you to stop working?  Oh well."  Mom told us.  "Get your shinny
little asses back on the sofa and sit back down pets." 

Both of us just sat not knowing what to do. We were both afraid of what was
going to happen next.  My hard on was now gone and Susan was still in tears.

"Joan get your big butt out here now," mother yelled out loud to our surprise.

Both Susan and me gasped as Joan came out the hallway totally naked.  Her large
tits and hairy cunt was exposed to our view as she walked into the room trying
to avoid our stares. 

"I figured since Susan was submissive that her worthless mother was too," mom
explained to me.  "It generally runs in families and I couldn't resist the
chance.  Always disliked her anyway.  It didn't take long to teach her big butt
a lesson on who was boss."

We watch Joan just standing there with head down and red all over.  Mom walked
over and reaching out and grabbed her nipples pulled them straight up and
tweaked them.

She yelped in pain.

"Tell the kids what you are Joan."  Mom demanded.

"I'm Nancy slut," Joan yelled in pain as her tits were stretched to the limit. 
Tears were in her eyes as she avoided looking at anyone.

"And what does my slut do," mom asked tweaking the nipples as Joan gasped for
air from the pain.

"Anything my mistress what," Joan yelled in agony.

"I think I want to spank my slut in front of her daughter," mom told her.  "Bend
over the table slut and stick that large ass of yours out."

We watched in shock as Joan nipples were released and she went over to the sofa
table bending over with her head down.  Her large ass was sticking out in back
as her knees had to be slightly bent to maintain her position.

"A large ass like yours Joan needs a lot of attention."  Mom told her rubbing
her large ass mound in back.  She raised her hand and brought it down hard
across Joan ass as she screamed out. 

"Ohhhhh," she yelled as mother brought down the next across her right cheek and
then the left.

My cock sprung straight up again at the sight of her ass being spanked and I
glance at Susan to notice she was watching in earnest also.  Mother took no
mercy on her ass as she had done ours earlier.  Normally, she had little like
for her anyway and was really putting it to her as her cheeks was glowing bright
red and her ass was shifting positions constantly.  It was nice to hear someone
else begging for mercy as Joan was slapping her hands weakly to the side to ward
off the blows.  Finally she gave up and just started crying.  Her ass was
meeting the blows in back.

Mom finally quit and walked to the kitchen to get something leaving her there
sobbing with her red butt sticking out.  She finally returned with a large
plastic spoon out of the kitchen drawer.

She slapped Joan on the ass.

"Spread your big ass bitch and show everyone what an asshole you really are." 
Mom yelled at her.

"Please Susan, not here," Joan begged.  "I'll serve you however you want."

Slap.

"You heard me bitch."  Mom yelled.  "Spread that big ass of yours or I'll shove
this spoon all the way up your hindie hole.

Joan reached behind and spread her large ass.  I had a beautiful view of my
mother-in-law puckered asshole as mother pushed the end of the spoon handle at
its entrance and then started working it in.  I felt I would shoot my load at
any moment as her ass wiggled as the spoon handle went in.

"You will stay here till I say you can move," mom said cupping her ass in her
hand.

Mom walked over to the chair and had a seat.

"Susan lick my pussy."  She yelled.  "I'm tired after whipping your mother big
fat hairy ass."

Susan didn't hesitate anymore.  She immediately got on all fours and crawled
over and started lapping on mom cunt.

"Johnny go stand behind Joan.  I want to see you play with your cock till you
cum on her ass."  She commanded me.  "Now get moving."

I didn't need to be told twice as I stared at my mother-in-law big plugged ass
and got behind her stroking my cock.  It didn't take long to cum as I shoot my
load on her ass cheeks and in-between her crack.  My cum ran all over her red
ass cheek in back.  I could hear mother cum to the side.

"Susan.  Johnny came again."  Mother said.  "You know what to do."

"Yes mam," Susan said crawling over to her mother and started lapping my cum off
her ass.  She maintained her position throughout Susan licking and I could hear
her moaning in the in pleasure.  Her weight was shifting from foot to foot as
her large boobs bobbled up and down.

"Johnny," Mom commanded me.  "Go in front of Joan and put your cock in her fat
mouth.  Since her fat ass made it so small, she should have to get it big again. 
Isn't that right Joannie dear."

"Yes mistress," Joan replied.  "Please let me suck your cock Johnnie."

I didn't need to be told twice as I quickly walked around Joan large body and
found her mouth already open as I plunged my limp cock inside.  All the shit she
had given me during the last year was now completely worth it as I shove it
fully in her mouth and starting working it in and out.  Susan was always good
giving a blowjob but her mother was really going at it as I found myself getting
hard despite the pain and soreness.  I closed my eyes expecting to come at any
moment.

"That's enough," Mom called out.  "No one is allowed to cum without my
permission."

She got up from the chair totally naked and walked over pushing me slightly to
the side.  She then grabbed Joan by her hair and pulled her face to her cunt.

"Get me off you old fart," Mom told her.  "Get your ugly face where it belongs. 
Susan come here and tongue my beautiful ass while you mother worships my cunt
like the bitch she is.  Johnny suck my tits."

There we were.  All three licking and sucking on Mom's beautiful body as she
wiggle and moaned in pleasure.  She called us us piglets and other things while
enjoying the tongue bath we were given her. Finally, she came rocking back and
forth on our faces.

She made Susan stand up beside me and grabbing both our hands made us shove a
finger in each other assholes till it was firmly inserted.

"Johnny, you and Susan go in the kitchen and clean it up."  She demanded.  "You
will keep you fingers in each other hindies till you come back up into my
bedroom."

She glanced down at Joan cum soaked face.

"Piggie Joannie dear", She smiled.  "Come with me.  "You have a lot a ass
kissing to make up for all the names you called me in the past.  Do be a sweetie
and try not to drip all over my floor.  You'll have time to clean it up later
with that flappy tongue of yours."

We both watched with fingers in each other asses as Joan rose and mom grabbed
her large asscheck in the palm of her hand leading her up the stairs towards the
bedroom.  Joan was walking funny as I watched with my cock dripping on the floor
below.  I felt Susan finger pushing in and out my asshole as I started doing the
same to hers.

"Hurry up Joannie. My ass is puckering up in excitement," Mom was telling her
groping her ass cheek tighter and tighter with her palm. 

It was going to be a new and enjoyable lifestyle.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





