BDSM Library - Lucas New Slave Family




Lucas New Slave Family
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lucas already dominated his white wife and her sister.  Why not their mother too.
Lucas New Slave Family

Linda was extremely disturbed when she learned her youngest daughter had married
a black man of 21.  She disapproved of mixed marriages and was very vocal about
it.  As a businesswoman of 40, she was financially secured supporting her two
daughters and was doing extremely well till June married Lucas.  She tried to
avoid going over whenever she could.  Later she found out her older daughter,
Kathy was also going there on a regular basis and after she had a yelling
contest with her found out that neither of her daughters would visit her
anymore.  Finally, she called up June to make amends only to find out that June
and Kathy was now regular sexual slaves to Lucas and his mother Diane.  She was
furious and hung up immediately but after a week found she was extremely lonely
for her daughters and called June back up to try to plea with her.  June told
her Lucas said she could only talk to them in the future if she agreed to be a
slave like was to him and his mom.  He was also thinking of having their
pictures posted on several websites for others to see.  Having the choice of
losing her daughters or being a slave was very disturbing to Linda; however, she
had been unmarried for over 5 years now and had sex only 3 times.  Also her
business career could be damaged if those pictures were exposed.  She tried to
plea with June again with failure and called again to try to set some kind of
limits on what she would have to do as a slave.  Again, after June hung up, she
called back and agreed.  She was told to buy a sexy see through nightie and
await Lucas arrival that night for her lesson.

When Lucas arrived that night, Linda was dress only in a see through nightie
that displayed her huge tits and fairly large ass.  He immediately sat down on
the kitchen chair and told her if she disobeyed him at any time, he would punish
her daughters severely and display them naked in town for everyone to see.  She
was aghast and angry, but agreed to do anything he requested.

At first, he made her come to him as he fingered her pussy and ass.  Even though
she despised the thought, she found herself getting excited some his fingering
and started moving her pussy and ass to allow him more access to her private
areas.  She could see the large budge in his pants and knew he must have a large
cock and she could feel herself in need of one at the present even though he was
married to her daughter.  Just as she was fantasying about his cock, he stopped
playing with her and told her to get over his lap for her spanking.

Linda was embarrass at the thought of a grown woman getting spanked over a 19
year old lap but slowly got down over Lucas lap as he adjusted her position so
that her big ass was directly over his knees.  She gasped as he pulled her
nightee up to her shoulder and slowly lowered her panties.  As he rubbed her big
butt, she found herself wiggling to allow him access to it.  Her pussy was wet
and she was moaning some the rubs when he stopped and brought his hand down hard
on both cheeks at the same time.  She jumped from the pain.  It was her first in
over 10 years and it hurt like hell.  He continued his spanks of her ass while
she pleaded to be a good slave and serve him.  She called him master as
requested and started to beg to please him.  Her ass was raw and she was sobbing
as a kid when he finally quit.

She was told to get on the floor with head down and ass high.  Crying she
complied as he removed all his clothing and displayed his huge cock in front of
her.  She begged to suck it but he said only after she earned the right.  He
walked in back and started rubbing her pussy with it as she moved her ass trying
to get it inside her pussy.  She was in need and barely noticed that it had
moved to her asshole.  Before she could stop it, he had 2 inches in her ass and
she was gasping for air.  She pleaded for him to fuck her pussy or face but he
just laugh and shoved another 4 inches in and told her it was time for her to
learn who was master in this house.  Besides both of her daughters could take it
on a regular basis so she better learn to also.  At first the pain was horrible,
but slowly she found herself getting excited again and soon Lucas was pumping in
and out of her asshole while she was begging for him to continue.   She was
upset when he pulled out before she could have her orgasm and walked in front of
her and told her to suck his cock clean. 

Linda opened her mouth and swallowed his huge cock in one gulp.  She started
rocking her face up and down on it, cleaning her butt smell and hoping to get it
hard again to go in her pussy.  Lucas however, had other ideas and came in her
mouth much to her displeasure.

She was told to take a quick bath and report back to him.  When she got back he
tied a big ribbon on her waist with a bow in back.  Picking up a dog lease, he
attached it to her neck after tying her hands in back and led her to his car.

"Time to meet mom and your slut daughters," he laughed and started down the road
with Linda sitting there totally nude with a lease around her neck and a bow
around her waist.  Several passersbys stared at her but she avoided eye contact
hoping they would get there soon.

When they finally arrived, Lucas got out and grabbed her lease leading her into
the house.  The sight inside was even more disturbing than her own
embarrassment.  Both of her daughters were on their knees in front of Lucas big
mother.  June was licking her pussy while Kathy was sucking on her huge tits.

"Our new toy has finally arrived;" said Diane guiding the girls' heads to the
parts she wanted serving.  "And a nice little ribbon.  What a nice present."

Linda was led to the center of the room in front of the scene before her.

"Yeah and I gave her a good ass beating and fuck first.  She's a hot one. 
Almost came in her ass she was rocking so hard on it."  He said.

Lucas sat down and snapped his fingers as Kathy shuffled over and got on her
knees and took his cock in her mouth.

Diane smiled at Linda and demanded that she push her tits up and out and twist
the nipples.  She said she wanted to look at the slut goods first.

Linda slowly held her huge tits up and twisted the nipples.  She was commanded
to continue till Diane was satisfied they were red enough and then demanded she
spread her pussy.  When they were spread to her satisfaction, she told her to
work one finger and then two up it till they were going in without any
resistance.  Linda soaking wet from the earlier events had no trouble
accomplishing getting up to three fingers in her swat before she was told to
stop and turn around.  She was then instructed to put one leg on the coffee
table and spread her big behind wide for inspection. Several times Diane had to
scold her before it was wide enough and then demanded that she put a finger in
it and started fucking herself.

The finger was not enough after Linda earlier fuck and was going in to easy so
Diane told her to stop and putting both feet on the floor bend over.  Kathy was
told to go in front and grab her mother hair and pull her head down to her
ankles and hold it there.  June was told to go behind her mother with a paddle
Diane provided and told to spank her ass 30 times.

Diane was smiling in enjoyment watching Linda face and ass at the same time as
June started really laying the paddle on her wide ass.  Linda could see her
smiling and started begging for mercy as she tired to move her ass sideways to
avoid the next hit.  When the paddling finally ceased the girls was told to go
back and service Lucas while her mother was told to get on her knees in front of
Diane who was fondling her large breasts.

Diane smiled at the mother's pain as she gripped both tits in her hands and
squeezed hard.  When she got the begging she wanted she released them and
gripping her by the head shoved her face in her cunt. 

"Better lick good slut or I'll paddle your ass next and it will be much harder." 
She warned her.

Lucas meanwhile had gotten the paddle from June and told her to bend over for
her paddling.  Kathy was told to lick his ass if she didn't want the same.  June
assumed the same position as her mother and counted the hits as they came. She
begged her husband to fuck her in her pussy and ass.

Lucas knew she was ready and told Kathy to get on the floor and June to 69 on
top of her.  June was told to lick Kathy cunt while he got behind her and shoved
his cock in her pussy with one push.  Kathy had to suck his cock as it went in
and out and begged to be next.  When he got ready to cum, he pulled out and put
his cock in Kathy mouth, filling her with his seed and the taste of June cunt. 
He was excited from watching his mother put Linda on her back and then proceeded
to sit on her face.  He could hear Linda moans as she was commanded to lick or
be smothered.  He had big plans for the slut that had verbally abuse him but
first let mother have some fun with her.

June lay collapsed on Kathy as both women was exhausted and finally fell asleep
in their positions.  Lucas took the moment to walk over to Linda and Diane.

"Mom, lift her legs up."  He requested.  "I think it time to fuck her pussy."

Linda was moaning as Diane lifted her legs high in the air and Lucas shoved his
almost limp cock in her cunt.  She was so excited to finally get a cock up her
pussy and she began to use her tongue as a dildo deeper and deeper in Diane ass.

"Honey, I think we have a natural brown noser here," said Diane rocking back and
forth on Linda face.

Linda finally came and passed out under the weight of Diane ass, which was now
firmly seated, on her nose.  She passed out from her orgasm.

"When they wake up mom, I think we should shove those dildos you have up their
butts and put them to work for awhile."  Lucas smiled at her.

"That will be nice hon," Diane replied.  "But I think I'm going to tie Miss
Whiteass tits to her pussy as she cleans up the house.  I can't wait to slap
that ass of hers when she can't rise up."

Both Lucas and mom got up and started to prepare the day's events.

When Linda finally awoke she found her hands tied in back and her tits tied to a
long rope to her pussy lips which had metal clamps attached.  She was on her
back and couldn't stretch her legs out without pulling her clit or tits.  She
notice Diane smiling down at her while Lucas was slapping June and Kathy asses
for something.

"I think our whiteass had finally awaked," said Diane.  "I think it time to put
her to work."

"Not yet," said Lucas directly June to her mother.  "First she needs to lick her
daughters' asses to get them loose enough for the dildo I planned to insert in
them." 

Lucas directed June to squat on her mother face as Linda accepted her fate and
started licking her asshole.  When Lucas was satisfied it was loose enough, he
made her rise up slightly and shoved a huge black dildo in it just inches from
Linda face.  Linda was then told to kiss her daughter ass and tell her to be a
good little slave to her black master and mistress.

Kathy was next in line and Linda had to repeat her performance.  When she was
done, the ladies were given a toothbrush in their mouths and wash pail and told
to clean the bathroom and kitchen tile floors till he was satisfied.

Dianne meanwhile grabbed Linda by the hair and stood her up.  She was told her
job was to pick up all the dirty cloths in the house with her mouth and put them
in the hamper.  Shoes were to be put in the foyer. 

Linda had to maintain a slightly bent over position as she walked around the
house to prevent her clit or tits from being pulled.  Diane was enjoying the
sight to the max as she followed behind her slapping her ass every once in a
while and even shoving a finger in it as she struggled to keep the items in her
mouth.  Diane had warned that if she dropped anything she would be punished. 
Diane also assured that it would happen also as she jammed her finger as deep as
she could several times in her butt to make her drop the item.

The daughters meanwhile were being punished for being slow with their duties. 
Stuffed asses high in the air, Lucas would step behind and slapped their fannies
and warned them to do a better job before he sat back in the chair to watch the
family at work.

When Linda had finished with all the clothes and shoes, he demanded she come to
him and bend over on the floor with ass high.  Linda was very excited and wanted
his cock badly as he slowly inserted it in her ass.  Instead of pumping it in
and out; however, he stopped and she could see warm liquid flowing into her
bowels and knew he was peeing in her ass.  She was humiliated and ashamed but
could do nothing except let him use her as a toilet.  Diane instructed her to
hold it in while he withdrew his cock and directed her to crawl to the bathroom
to empty her ass.  In total shame, Linda held the liquid and crawled to the
bathroom where she sat down on the toilet and let loose her mixture.  Lucas had
told her as she crawled away that she would serve as urine for his mother and
him anytime they wanted.  Dianne came in as Linda was finished and flushed the
toilet.  Sitting down on it, she started peeing in front of her and demanded
Linda clean her cunt.

Linda red face complied with her mistress with tears in her eyes.  She cleaned
it at least three times before Diane was satisfied and turned on the shower so
she could bathe.  Diane rubbed soap roughly on her body and cleaned her mouth
with it. 

When they returned to the living room, Lucas had both daughters in front of him
with asses high, begging to be fucked.  Linda was demanded to spread their asses
wide and ask Lucas to use their pussies and asses.  Diane stepped in front and
placed her feet at their mouths as they started tonguing her toes.

It was a nice start to a wonderful day.

Just a fantasy, how was yours.

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





