BDSM Library - New Secretary At Home




New Secretary At Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband takes wife on vacation so that his secretary and him could dominate her and turn her into their slave.
New Secretary at Home

Ben was a successful business owner and had a lovely brunette secretary name
Jill.  Jill and him had several extramarital affairs on the road and he was
crazy about the woman.  He was married to Jean who was a rich blond and
sometimes was a total bitch.  If he could trade wives he would have, but he knew
she would take him for all his money and probably lose the business.   Jean was
also sexually active, enjoyed the bdsm scene with him, and enjoyed being his
slave on numerous occasions. He tried to get others involved but she refused to
participate with others whom she felt was lesser than her status.  He finally
had brought it up to Jill who was very interested in the idea of making Jean her
slave and having Ben whenever she wanted.  Jean treated her like a common
worker, rarely considering anything else than a common laborer to be use for the
business.  Ben arranged a weekend vacation in an isolated mountain resort to
start the plan in action.

The couple had arrived and been in the resort house for less than 6 hours when
Jean heard a knock on the door and opened it to see Jill standing there in her
regular secretary outfit.

"What are you doing here," Jean said ignoring with the woman for interrupting
her planned with her husband.

"Your husband said he had business to attend and said I could stay in the guest
room at night so I could be around to do the paperwork for him."  Jill replied.

Jean frustrated with the interruption, told Jill to get her stuff and go to the
back door where the guest room was but don't disturb them unless Ben called for
her.

"It's our vacation," she said, "and we prefer to keep it private as much as
possible."

She didn't even wait for Jean to say anything as she closed the door on her and
went to see her husband.

"I thought this was our vacation." she said irritated at him.  "That bimbo
secretary of yours appeared at the door so I sent her to the guest room. We was
supposed to have some fun and sexual activities, not work."

"No problem," said Ben.  "She is just here when I need her."

He got up and started kissing his wife while slipping his hand down to her pussy
and the other rubbing her ass.  Jean still upset was already horny for action
and returned the kisses, wiggling her butt and pussy on his hands.

"I free like having a slave right now," said Ben, rubbing her crotch harder.

"Not with that Bimbo in the house," said Jean.  "I'm hot as hell just fuck me
dear."

Ben was not to be denied however and started to press the issue.  He told her
the doors were locked and she wouldn't hear anything anyway, as Jean finally
agreed.  She needed his cock bad even if she had to earn it today.  The idea of
tying her up today was not very appealing but she finally accepted it.  While
she got undressed, Ben got some rope and tied her hands together and then got a
bar to spread her legs and tied them to the ends of it.  She thought he was
going to fuck her standing up as he rubbed his cock on her pussy, but instead he
grabbed her wrists and pulled her hands down to the bar and attached them to it. 
Jean didn't like anal sex too much and told him to fuck her pussy first if he
wanted a piece of her ass. She also wanted to suck his cock first before he
started anything in the back.  Ben laughed and told her soon enough as he walked
behind her and gave her several hard slaps to her broad ass that made her waddle
around for awhile. 

"You know I don't like it that hard honey."  Jean yelled at him.  "Just fuck me
please."

"In a little while," said Ben, "I have to go to the bathroom first as he
departed the room leaving Jill bent over in frustration.

The bastard, she thought, I like to go to the bathroom on his face.  It was
about 15 minutes before she heard foot steps in back of her and turned her head
to see Ben and Jean standing there naked with smiles on their faces.  Stunned at
her exposure, she started to waddle out of the room but Ben grabbed her by the
hair.  She pleaded with him to let her go and get Jill out of the room. 

Ben just laughed.

"Better get used to it," he said.  As of today, Jill is your new mistress and
can do anything she wants with you.

Jean sensing her betrayal, started begging and trying to get loose.

"I didn't know she had such a large ass," said Jill walking up the wife and
started groping and spreading her ass cheeks.  "All I ever saw was her ass
swinging in and out of the office in those rich dresses she buys.  And what have
we here.  Why she has a brownie hole like everyone else.  You wouldn't have
thought so from her attitude."

Jean was as mad as hell and humiliated at the same time as Jill was toying with
her precious ass while her husband held her head.  Her cunt was getting wet
despite her madness and she started to cussed Ben and call Jill several names.

"I wouldn't be talking like that," Jill said keeping the ass spread.

She shoved her finger deep in Jean asshole while the wife clenched her cheeks to
prevent the assault.

"Honey," she told Ben.  "Why don't you get some soap and wash you wife dirty
mouth out while I teach her how to walk pretty in front of her mistress."

Jill started driving her finger deeper in the wife ass and pushing her forward
as Jean found herself waddling around the room.  She was cussing and swearing at
Jill, threaten everything she could before she realized the situation was
impossible and accepted her fate for now.  She would get even later.  When Ben
arrived with the wet soap bar, she refused to open her mouth till Jill pulled
her pussy lips hard downward causing her to scream as John slipped the soap bar
in and applied duct tape to her mouth to prevent it from slipping.  Jill pulled
her finger out of her ass and told her to stay in position while she enjoyed her
husband large cock for awhile.  She and Ben sat on the sofa and Jill put her
face in his lap and engulf his cock in her mouth.  She position herself so she
could see Jean reaction during the ordeal as the woman looked on with disgust in
her eyes. 

Jill sucked for about ten minutes and then go up and sat on his cock with her
ass pointed to Jean face and started to ride it.  Jean tried to turn away, but
her pussy was dripping wet from watching the action and she still haven't got
relief from the earlier events.  She was even wishing after a while to her
surprise, that her face was in his crotch sucking on his cock as it went in and
out of her pussy.  She hated the feeling but she was in heat right now.

Every once in a while, Jill would spread her ass and taunt her about what a
wonderful cock Ben had and it was hers now.  She told Jean, she may let him
stick it up her ass if she was really good sometime.

Jean red in the face could only stand there and watch in humiliation.  The taste
in her mouth was horrible and her asshole was sore.  Please get the bitch off,
she thought.  I need sometime now in my pussy.

Jill turning and see the wife straining to clench her thighs laughed and got off
Ben.

"It looks like we have a bitch in heat," she said laughing at Jean situation.

She walked over to the fireplace and grabbed a poker iron and return.  Shoving
the handle in Jean pussy she patted her head and told her she could play with
her toy while she continued with Ben.  Returning, she sat down backwards on his
cock so she could watch Jean.

Jean meanwhile was engulfed with desired.  She started riding the handle of the
rod attached to floor below and lowering her pussy slowly up and down on it. 
Puny cock she thought.

"You can thank me later," said Jill.  "Next time I'll put it in your asshole."

Jean was riding up and down on the poker handle as Jill finally got off of Ben
and walked over to her.  Ben was laughing at her telling her she had found her
place in life at last.  When he said he had to go clean up, Jill told him to
come to Jean and let her clean his cock off.  Jean was shaking her head in
protest but Jill promise to shove the other end of the poker up her ass if she
didn't.  When the tape was removed, Ben shoved his cock in his wife mouth as
Jean almost choked on the taste of Jill's pussy.  She started to bob her head up
and down on the shaft, as the rod in her pussy was just not enough to get her
off yet.

Ben was commenting Jill on her training of Jean and said he was tired and needed
to rest.  Jill gave him a kiss and said she take care of Jean while he was
asleep.  As soon as he left, Jean started pleading with Jill who leaned back and
started slapping her ass as hard as she could making her shift forward and the
poker slipping out of her pussy.

"Listen bitch." Jill told her.  "Your husband and me are going to be married
soon and you are going to be our new pet and toy to play with so you just as
well get use to it."

Jean couldn't do anything as she went to a bag and withdrew a huge dildo and
started to push it in her asshole in spite of her pleas.  She then released her
hands from the bar but keep them tied together.  There was now way to escape
with her hands tied and the spreader between her ankles but it felt good to be
allowed to stand up.

It was a brief moment; however, as Jill grabbed her ears and led her to the
kitchen stool and made her sit on it with the plug pushing deep in her ass.  She
gave her a pad and pencil and laughingly told her to take a dictation.  She also
picked up Ben's belt and told her if she didn't follow every instruction she was
going to take a belt to her ass.

She was required to write the following letter:

I Jean agree to be Master Ben and Mistress Jill slave on my own free will.  I
will serve them as the slut I am and begged for punishment for my worthless ass. 
I want to be their toy and plaything and as willing giving all my assets and
shares of my husband company to Jill so I can worship her body.  Signed Slut
Jean.

At first she refused, but several slaps with the belt on her thighs and ass, she
quickly complied.

When she was done, Jill went and put the letter aside and returned to her chair. 
She spread her legs wide and started rubbing her pussy telling Jean to beg to
lick her cum soak pussy.  Jean fearful of the belt and her betrayal by Ben had
little choice.   She told Jill have beautiful a pussy she had and how she would
love to get on her knees and worship it.  Finally, Jill demanded she get down
and lick her feet and then work up till her pussy was ready for her slutty face.
It took Jill help to get down but Jean was finally able to down off the stool on
the floor below and drop to her knees.  She started licking her feet.  A couple
swats on the ass with the belt and she was sucking her toes before working up
the legs and then having her hair grabbed, in her pussy.  Jill was totally
enjoying the tongue in her pussy and every once in a while picked up her legs
and moved the wife face down to her hairy ass for more tongue action.

"Not too bad slut for the first time," she said.  "I think it time to wake your
husband up with a nice blowjob."

With that, she pulled Jean up by her hair and tied her hands across the door to
the handle on the other side.  She then locked it so she couldn't get away.

"Just something to keep you warm," she said delivering ten hard swings with the
belt to her plugged ass.  "And don't play with your pussy on the doorknob."

Jean could hear the moans and groans from the bedroom.  She was frustrated that
Jill was enjoying her husband cock while she could do nothing but stand against
the door with a sore and plugged ass.  She was desperate for a cock at present
and even the doorknob looked pretty good at the moment.  She tied to squat on it
and masturbates her pussy as her arms were stretched to the maximum to reach it. 
It felt so good but she needed a cock at present.  She was rubbing up and down
and didn't notice Jill and her husband had returned and was watching her slutty
performance.

"A true slut," said Jill as Jean froze in position on the doorknob.  "And I even
saved all your cum in my pussy for the little slut.  Do you want your husband
cum, slut?"

Jean was desperate even though she knew she would have to clean Jill pussy to
get it and begged to allow her to clean it.  Ben unlocked the door and retied
the rope on her hands to each other in front.  He also untied her ankles from
the spreader bar and retied them to each other as Jill sat on the chair and
spread her cum soak pussy in anticipation.

Jean got down on her knees and crawled towards Jill.  Sticking her tongue in her
pussy, she started lapping her cunt as a dog being fed from a bowl.  Ben was
laughing behind telling her to be a good doggie and she had found her true place
in life.  Since she had rarely let him fuck her ass in the past, he was now
going to enjoy it for the rest of his life.

He got down in back of her and slowly spread her ass cheeks wide and removed the
dildo from her ass only to replace it again with his huge cock.  Jill needed it
bad at present started rocking back and forth on it as she continued to please
Mistress Jill. 

Jill was smiling down at her and telling her that since she didn't need clothes
anymore, Ben was nice enough to provide her with all of her prior garments.  He
even gave her the car she owned since she would be a full time secretary to her
and Ben from now on and wouldn't need it anymore.  Ben continued his pumping and
started slapping her ass telling her to oink for her mistress.

When Ben had shot his load in her ass, Jill decided it was time for a ride as
she mounted Jean back and started slapping her ass telling her to keep oinking
as she rode her around the room.  Her ass was on fire from the slaps but she
struggled to keep crawling and finally returned to Ben who held his cock to her
face for cleaning.  As she was cleaning it, Jill said that they should take her
for a walk outside later and let her take care of her doggie needs.  Ben thought
that was a good idea but he was getting hungry at present and wanted the slut to
fix them a mean first.

Jill retied Jean hands for a looser position and told her to go bathe and return
to prepare sandwiches for them.  Jean got on her knees as the slave she finally
decided she had always longed for but never knew and started crawling towards
the bathroom with cum on her face and ass.  She was now a true slut and longed
to please her master and his new mistress.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





