BDSM Library - Water Park Slut




Water Park Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A 22 year-old Thai girl is willingly abused by her boyfriend and an unknown 15 year-old boy at a Bangkok water park.
My name is Piyaporn. I am 22 and my boyfriend is 24. We are both Thais and we
live in Bangkok. My boyfriend is very dominant and I love to obey him sexually.
He likes to humiliate me in public and we have perfected a little game that we
both really enjoy.

Not too far from where we live there is a water park. It's a huge place with
many isolated areas around several swimming pools, some of them with wave-making
machines. One of these areas is really isolated but because it is in the older,
in-need-of-renovation parts of the park not many families go there. We do.

In that area there are two small buildings where toilets are located. The one
that houses the men's toilets is ideally configured for us. There are no
urinals, only three cubicles. The one on the right is much larger than the other
two as it is supposedly reserved for disabled people. All three are separated by
wooden partitions that stop a good ten inches above the tiled floor. The back
wall of each cubicle has a three-panel louvered window at the top. Finally, the
main door creaks so when you are in a cubicle you can tell when someone enters
the toilets.

When we get there my boyfriend goes inside to 'prepare' the place. First he
enters the left cubicle, locks it from inside then crawls under the partition
into the middle one. He opens the louvers of the window to a special angle and
makes sure the little half-an-inch hole we've pierced in the partition between
the middle cubicle and the right one is still open. He then comes out again and
we wait from a distance until a teenage boy we like the look of enters the
toilets.

Like I said, the place is not so busy but it is not completely deserted either
as many teenage boys and girls like to go there with their boy/girlfriends.
Luckily for us.

When a boy does enter the toilets my boyfriend follows him a few seconds later
to make sure that he's entered the middle cubicle (which they do 90% of the
time). He then waves for me to join him and we start our little game.

The idea is to make the boy believe that he is overhearing a conversation that
we are having while we think we are alone so we start to speak a bit before we
actually enter the building.

Me : � Please, no ! Not here ! �

My boyfriend : � Shut up ! You need to be punished and you will be immediately !
�

- But people might hear.

- There's nobody around. And if someone arrives then you will have to be quiet
and make sure they do not hear you gasp and weep.

He then pushes me inside the right cubicle and locks the door behind us.

- Take your swimsuit off and get on your knees !

I undress and kneel and my boyfriend uses my swimsuit to tie my wrists to the
metal rod that is fixed on the wall for disabled people. I am now naked, on my
knees, my arms tied to the rod and facing the partition - the hole of which is
by now usually blocked indicating that the boy's head is just behind it. We can
check that he is actually looking by glancing at the reflection in the louvers.

- Open your legs wider !

I open my legs and I know that the eyes of the boy must be fixed on my shaven
pussy. I start to get wet.

- I cannot spank you here because of the noise so I will have to punish you
another way. I will first squeeze your nipples real hard then I will swat your
pussy thirty times with my hand. If you cry and sob nicely enough I will let you
suck my dick and drink my cum.

He then takes his own swimming trunks off, presents them to me and asks :

- Do you need to be gagged or will you behave ?

As usual, seeing his dick so close to my face makes me think of only one thing :
getting it in my mouth and worship it.

- Please, let me suck your dick.

His hand gets down between my legs and with two fingers he probes my pussy.

- You like this don't you ? Your pussy is totally wet.

I lower my eyes and whisper (loud enough) :

- Yes, I like it. Please punish me. Squeeze my nipples hard.

At this stage something usually happens next door. Sometimes - not very often -
the door opens and the embarrassed boy leaves. It is rather frustrating but we
then stop too and leave in case he's gone to tell someone. Most of the time,
though, hearing me saying that I am enjoying the situation only makes the boy
bolder and they often get on their own knees to look directly under the
partition. My boyfriend then beckons him to join us. Many boys do not dare to
actually crawl into our cubicle but are happy to openly masturbate while
watching us. Some do join us.

I remember one such boy very vividly. He was about 14 or 15 with an angel face.
He looked absolutely fascinated by what he was witnessing and did not hesitate
one second to crawl under the partition. He came and stood on the other side of
me and asked my boyfriend :

- Are you really going to punish her ?

- Yes.

- And she likes it ?

- Ask her.

- Do you like it ?

I somewhat dodged the question and sheepishly replied :

- I deserve it.

- Check for yourself, said my boyfriend pointing to my pussy.

The boy looked at me. I submissively lowered my eyes and he hesitantly reached
for my pussy. It was clear by the way he touched it that it was the first pussy
he had ever put his fingers into. I was staring at the bulge in his trunks and I
was wetter than ever. He eventually took his fingers out. As he was about to
wipe them on the wall my boyfriend grabbed his wrist and pulled his hands
towards my mouth. I dutifully licked his fingers clean and I recognized in his
eye the same spark I see in my boyfriend's when he looks at me suffering
humiliation or pain for his pleasure. That boy was obviously discovering the
sadistic part of his personality... and enjoying every second of it.

- Shall we punish her ? asked my boyfriend.

The boy did not answer immediately. He seemed to assess the situation then
smiled and let out a slow but determined 'Yes.' My boyfriend told him to get his
swimming trunks off and to give them to him. The boy did so and I got to see his
lovely, uncut, almost hairless 5-inch dick. My boyfriend folded the boy's trunks
inside out and held the part that had touched the boy's dick in front of my
mouth.

- Lick !

I lowered my eyes and licked like I know my boyfriend likes me to do, using the
whole surface of my tongue and not just he tip of it. The boy was looking at me
with a smile on his face. He had put his hands on his hips and as he was only
about a foot away he was really towering over me which got me even more excited.
I turned my head and tried to lick his dick but my boyfriend stopped me.

- Not now ! This will be your reward if you behave well during your punishment.

He stuffed the boy's trunk into my mouth and explained to him how to proceed.

- You take her nipple between your thumb and middle finger and you slightly play
with it until it becomes hard. Then you start to squeeze it and make it roll
between your fingers. You squeeze harder and harder and you observe and enjoy
her reaction. First she will gasp, then wince, then starts squealing (but she'll
have to keep it quiet here), then she cries and finally sobs. That's the best
part of it. When her face is bathed with tears, when she's panting and her body
shakes, you pull her hair to lift her head and what you see in her eyes is pure
awe, devotion and gratefulness. I usually come all over her face then. So just
enjoy yourself. You needn't worry about her. She enjoys it as much as we do. The
more she suffers; the more she feels we control her; the more she feels
humiliated, degraded and abused the more she will get excited and willing to
give us even more pleasure.

They started to play with my nipples, one on each side of me, but my boyfriend
soon let the boy play alone with both nipples. He soon got the hang of it and
started to really have a go at them. I gasped and wince and quickly figured out
how he preferred me to react. That boy was a natural dominant and being in pain
for his pleasure - which was evident by the smile on his face and the spark in
his eyes - made me feel so happy that I did start to cry. I knew my boyfriend
loves to see me crying and I soon discovered the boy was enjoying it too.

His face was close to mine. He was looking at me and looking at - almost
studying - the tears flowing from my eyes. From time to time he would suddenly
squeeze my nipples so hard it would make me gasp and wince and cry even more. A
dominant little smirk would then appear on his lips and make me want to suffer
even more for his pleasure.

- Let's play with her pussy, said my boyfriend.

Under his instructions they got hold of my legs and pulled them apart. My
boyfriend showed the boy how to abuse my exposed pussy, alternatively hitting it
with the flat of the hand and swatting my clit with the tip of his fingers.

I was in real pain but also really, really excited. I was exposed and abused,
covered in sweat and crying with pain and humiliation and all I wanted was to
worship their cocks with my mouth. I soon started to sob. As often this was
enough to get my boyfriend to come. He cupped his hands and gathered his cum in
it. He then held his cum-filled hand in front of my face and took the gag out of
my mouth. In between my tears and sobs I licked up his sperm off his hand, like
a cum-thirsty bitch. He only let me have half of it, however, and smeared the
rest all over my face. This is when the boy came and spurted his sperm onto the
floor.

They were both relieved but I had not come and I was still as hot as hell. My
boyfriend untied my wrists and, without saying a word, pointed at the boy's cum
on the floor and snapped his fingers. I had been hoping for that and I dropped
on all fours and rushed to lick the boy's sperm off the floor. My boyfriend then
motioned me to roll over and to lie on my back with my legs open like a dog. I
knew he wanted me to be slutty at their feet as much as I wanted it myself so I
started to play with my sore nipples and pussy.

I was naked, exposed and abused; I was writhing on the floor of a toilet cubicle
at the feet of my boyfriend and an unknown teenage boy; my body was covered in
sweat and my face with their sperm, the taste of which still lingered in my
mouth. I was feeling utterly degraded and humiliated and I wanted more and more
of that feeling. My boyfriend then started to piss on me and, soon joined by the
boy, showered my whole body, my face and my mouth. I then, at last, had a long
and wonderful orgasm, possibly the strongest in my life up to then.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  od4os


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





