BDSM Library - Fantasies of A Babysitter




Fantasies of A Babysitter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cindy is punished while babysitting, forced to undergo a spanking, anal probing and mutual masturbation. She learns that being bad can sometimes be good. 
Fantasies of A Babysitter

By Powerone

Copyright 2005

N/C, anal, spank, mast



      Hi, my name is Cindy.  I'm a twenty year old college student living in
Southern California.  Now you might think that it is odd that someone as old as
I am still babysitting.  The truth is I'm good at it.  I'm dependable, take good
care of the kids and am usually always available, even with short notice.  I
could get a job at school, fast food or retail, but I find that I make more
money babysitting (and tax free).  I end up making considerably more then
minimum wage; my tips are pretty good, especially when I take a job on short
notice.  Most of the people I baby-sit for are wealthy so their time is a lot
more valuable then mine, so they tend to tip and pay better.

      I guess you can say that I'm pretty, just not beautiful.  I have brown
hair, where most in Southern California are blonde.  My breasts are rather
small, where bikini's and abundant cleavage are the norm.  You could stay that I
don't stand out.  I guess my best asset (a play on words) is my ass.  I do work
out; most of the people I baby-sit for have gym equipment.  My cheeks are firm
and tight.  If I had more nerve I would look great in a pair of short shorts.

      I don't date much, hardly at all.  My problem is I am shy, really shy. 
Especially with boys.  I'm not a virgin, having lost it when I was sixteen.  I'm
sure you will be surprised to learn that it was with two boys at once.  Hardly
the romantic way you would think.  They were both older, 20 year old college
students.  Not what you would have expected from me?  That is another story. 
Let's say that I still have fond memories, bringing about a delicious orgasm
each time I think about it while masturbating. 

      Yes, I masturbate.  Masturbate a lot.  I have a very vivid imagination and
as I blossomed into girlhood, my imagination became more sexual.  So I
masturbate, there is nothing else to do unless you want me to run around horny. 
Now I know you boys would love that.  But you don't have a 4.0 average in
college if you're perpetually horny.  It's tough to masturbate when you live in
a dorm, so my babysitting jobs also have an added incentive for me.  Once the
kids are asleep at night I have lots of time to let my imagination run wild, my
hand in my jeans rubbing my pussy until I cum.

      Now to my story.  I have been reading Powerone stories for a long time,
loving his tales of submissive girls.  One day I sent him an e-mail which he
answered.  We sent back e-mails a couple of times until I started telling him of
my fantasies.  He liked them and thought they would make a good story.  I would
tell him one of them and then he would write it.  He is much better then I am
and much more perverted.  Since he put them down on paper, my orgasms have been
much better.  Only he could have thought of the things that were done to me in
the fantasies.  None of these really happened; they are just figments of my very
fertile imagination.  So here it goes.

Chapter One  Naughty Girls Get Spanked

      Mr. Johnston, Michael as he asked me to call him lived in Rancho Santa Fe. 
He has a five year old daughter and a very attractive wife.  They are very
wealthy.  I baby-sit for him often, Michael appreciating it with very large
tips, especially when I do it on short notice, which is often.  Their house is
always immaculate, I'm sure they have a maid that does it, but he is very picky
about it.  I make sure that I leave it that way, spending about the last half
hour before they get home picking up and cleaning.

      I was babysitting them last Friday night.  It was about ten o'clock when I
heard a noise.  It scared me because the Johnston's were not supposed to be home
until after one.  I was laying on the couch, a drink and some potatoes chips on
the table, reading one of my textbooks.  I jumped up when I head the click of
the door and a noise in the front hallway.  Now this is a big house, so it took
me a while before I managed to get to the door.  And I was peeking around the
corner when I saw Michael.  He looked a little angry and he was alone.  I was
relieved.  At least it wasn't a burglar.

      "You scared me Michael," I said as I peered out from around the corner. 
"Is everything okay?"

      "Everything's fine," he said gruffly.  "I came home early; Lillian decided
to stay for a couple of more hours.  Is the baby okay?" 

      "She's sleeping.  Let me get my things and I will go."  I remembered the
mess in the living room.  I would just clean it up real quick and get out of
there.  He didn't look very happy.  Maybe he had a fight with Lillian.

      "What is this?"  He stared at the mess on the table, potatoes chip crumbs
on the floor.  His voice seemed even angrier.

      "I was just going to clean it up.  I didn't know you were coming home
early."  His rage seemed to be directed at me.  I had never seen him like that. 
"I'm sorry," I quickly added.

      "Being sorry wouldn't cut it today.  You know how much I like my house
clean.  I didn't mean for you to mess it up and clean it up before I come home. 
I expected you to keep it clean all the time.  I expected much more from you
Cindy." 

      He was looking at me a bit strange now.  It was a mixture of angry and
something else; I wasn't sure what it was.  "I understand Sir.  It wouldn't
happen again."

      "I think you need to be taught a lesson.  If you don't want to accept, you
are free to leave and I will find someone else to do your job.  Somewhere more
willing to take responsibility."

      Cindy started thinking quickly.  She was making over $800 a month
babysitting for them.  A quick calculation showed that her tips were often very
big, earning her about $20.00 an hour.  God, how could she ever replace that? 
She also got two other jobs because of Michael.  Would he tell them about her? 
Would she lose them also?  Taught a lesson.  What did he plan to do?  She looked
at him, his anger seemed to be going away quickly, but there was a different
glint in his eyes.  He was looking at her strangely, eyeing her body
uncomfortably.  Could he mean something sexually?  She began to feel dampness
between her legs.  "No sir.  I'm willing to take responsibility."  There, she
said it, almost feeling a relief.

      He smiled at her.  "That's much better."  He moved over to one of the
chairs, sitting down on the straight back chair.  "Do you know how naughty girls
are punished?"

      "No Sir," but she knew she was about to find out.  He beckoned her over to
him.  She let her hands slide down to her side, clutching her short skirt to her
hips.

      "I think a spanking is in order.  Maybe if your lovely ass cheeks are sore
it will remind you to obey."

      "Spanking!  You're going to spank me.  I'm too old for that."  But she saw
in his eyes that he wouldn't take no for an answer.  She trembled as she moved
closer to him, his hands already outstretched to touch. 

      "Turn around."  His voice was firm and demanding, making sure that Cindy
would submit.  His cock jerked in excitement as her cute ass turned towards him,
her head hung in shame.  He felt her body tremble when his hand touched her
hips, jerking forward as if she were burned.

      "No!"  She cried out when she felt him touch her.  She tried to jerk away,
but his hands became more insistent, pressing harder into her hips, pulling her
back towards him.  Her hands went back to protect herself.

      "Don't you dare!  Put your hands in front of you."  He pulled one hand
free and slapped her hard on her upper leg, the sound of his hand hitting her
naked flesh ringing out in the room.  "Stand still!"

      Her leg stung from the blow, catching her off guard.  It still felt as if
his hand was still touching her there, the skin hot and aching.  She moved her
hands forward, but not before she touched the spot he had hit, feeling the hot,
tender skin.  "Please," she could only beg.  But she obeyed him, her hands
hanging submissively at her side, waiting.  Waiting for the touch of his hands
on her body again.  She didn't have to wait long, the hands returning to her
hips, firm, strong hands that pulled her back towards him.  At least she didn't
have to see his face.

      He enjoyed the way she obeyed, standing, waiting for him to make his next
move.  He let his hand begin to slide down her hips, her short skirt
highlighting the long tanned, naked legs.  She shivered when he touched her
skin, his hands clenched motionless as she grew accustom to his touch.  He slid
back up, his hand sliding under her skirt, caressing her naked flanks.  Her skin
was so silky smooth.  She didn't even flinch when his hands slid under her
skirt, reconciled to the fact of his power over her.

      She couldn't believe it when his hand slid under her skirt, her body
frozen as he ran up her naked hips.  His hands slid up high, her thong doing
little to cover her naked body, his hands freely exploring her body.  She almost
forgot that her ass cheeks would be bare, not even flimsy panties would stop any
of the pain of the spanking.  She felt a sense of relief when he moved his hands
from under her skirt, but they returned, this time on her skirt, but starting at
her waist and moving down the gentle slope of her butt until both hands gripped
her cheeks.  He squeezed the taut cheeks, Cindy tightening her buttocks in
response, his hands powerful, gripping her flesh tightly.  He clenched and
unclenched her cheeks in his hands.

      He loved the feel of her naked skin, pleased that she was wearing a thong;
her lovely cheeks would be naked when he pulled up her skirt before spanking
her.  Her delicate flesh would feel the entire brunt of his large hands spanking
her cheeks.  He gripped her cheeks with his hands, loving the way she fought the
intrusion, her cheeks tightening in response.  He would use that against her;
let her feel what happens when she tightened her cheeks later, a surprise that
she could never have expected.  "Your ass is built for punishment Cindy.  Nice,
full round cheeks.  I'm going to turn them a delightful red."  He released her
cheeks.  "Over my lap now.  It's time to begin your punishment."

      Her face was already red in shame at his fondling of her flesh, but she
was unable to stop him.  He touched her as if he owned her and she let him have
his way with her.  That is what scared her so much.  How far would she let him? 
How far would he go?  She hesitantly moved closer to him, blushing as she saw
the bulge in his pants.  She was exciting him.  His arms came out and gripped
her waist, pulling her until she was standing to the side of him, his arm
pushing down on her back as he bent her over him.  She could feel her breasts
hanging down; glad he at least couldn't see down the front of her open blouse.

      He let his hand stroke down over her outthrust butt, his other hand on her
back, forcing her to bend over onto his lap.  "Yes," he moaned in pleasure as
her body touched his throbbing cock, feeling the flesh quiver in lust.  He let
his hand roam over her ass cheeks, her skirt riding up as he forced her into
position.  He enjoyed her squirming, his cock receiving such a delightful
rubbing.  He couldn't believe how submissive she had become, resigned to the
fate of a spanking, or more.  His hands enjoyed her tight ass, massaging the
firm flesh while she squirmed beneath him, not even fully understanding the
delightful masturbation her squirming was giving his hard cock.  He made his
cock jerk twice; her body stopping as she fully understood what she was doing to
his cock.  He slapped her one cheek hard, the sound of his hand hitting her
tight ass ringing out in the room.  "Don't stop squirming!"  His voice was firm.

      She felt the cock jerk against her, suddenly the realization of what she
was doing to him dawning on her.  Not only was she masturbating him with her
body, but also herself, her pussy getting wet as she rubbed against the hard
cock.  She was almost humping him as if she were a dog in heat; all the while
his hands were molesting her flesh.  She stopped instantly, ashamed at the way
she was acting.  "EEEEHH," the slap of her ass stung.  She could feel the pain
even after he removed his hand.  He wanted her to continue, to masturbate his
cock with her pussy by rubbing up and down.  How humiliating to be treated as
just a sex toy, but she couldn't deny the tingling she felt between her legs,
the way her clit seemed to rub against his cock.  She began to rub against him
again, squirming her lower body back and forth over his cock, feeling it jerk in
pleasure as she began the gentle masturbation of his cock again.

      "You learn well Cindy.  You just need a little physical pain as
encouragement to make you perform."  His cock jerked again from her artful
squirming, noticing a change in her.  She seemed to be enjoying the movement of
their bodies rubbing against each other.  Even his cock jerking didn't slow her
down; in fact it made her move quicker.  His hands ran freely over her luscious
cheeks pushed out on his lap, his other hand on her back keeping her pinned
down.  Her skirt had ridden up high on her legs, barely covering anything now. 
He began to lightly slap her naked legs, moving from her knees up her inner
thighs, pushing out on them, forcing her legs to part slightly.  While his slaps
weren't very hard, they were consistent, moving up and down the same tender
inner skin, turning the skin pink.  He couldn't wait any longer, eager to see
the taut naked ass that lay beneath her tiny skirt.  "Reach back and pull up
your skirt.  It is time to spank your ass.  Your naked ass."

      It was humiliating enough to be forced to masturbate him all the while he
slapped her tender inner thighs, the burning increasing as he continued to slap
the same spots over and over.  Now he wanted her to uncover her naked ass so he
could spank her.  The thought of him seeing her naked body, afraid of where it
would go from there.  Afraid of where she might allow him to go.  Her pussy was
drenched, his hard cock bringing such a delightful sensation as she rode her
slit up and down the throbbing member.

      "Now!"  She seemed to be daydreaming, a sharp slap to her ass bringing her
back to reality.  She stopped moving as her hand reached back and submissively
began to draw the tiny skirt above her waist, letting it fall onto her back, her
hand returning to prop herself on the floor, her lower body beginning again the
gentle masturbation.

      She felt the cool air of the room on her ass, knowing how exposed she must
look.  She closed her eyes, her fantasies clouding her mind as she rubbed
against him again.  She tightened her thighs and cheeks, hoping to keep him from
seeing her naked sex.  She felt the rush of air before she even felt it.  A
sharp slap sounding in the room, then the rush of pain as it shot to her brain. 
God, it stung so badly, much more then she remembered as a child.  Another to
her other cheek, the skin feeling so hot and tingling.  She tightened her cheeks
even harder as his hands began to explore her naked ass, a finger trying to
slide between her tightly clenched cheeks, moving up and down her crack.  She
wouldn't allow him access to her most guarded treasures.

      Each time he spanked her, her masturbation became more urgent.  She was
enjoying the pain or the submission, not caring which, just enjoying her
enthusiastic masturbation of his cock.  But he needed to have her submit to
inspection of her most private treasures, her clenching thighs and cheeks
preventing it.  "Get up and go to the kitchen.  In the refrigerator crisper you
will find a ginger root.  Do you know what a ginger root looks like?"  He was
counting on her nativity, hoping she wouldn't realize the purpose.

      She felt his hands pulling her up.  Why did he want a ginger root now? 
She was confused, but she obeyed, her skirt falling back down to cover her naked
buttocks.  "Yes Sir."

      "And bring a paring knife.  Now hurry back.  You still have your
punishment coming."  He watched her ass sway so sensuously as she left the room,
unaware of what lay ahead for her.  He heard her in the kitchen, quickly
bringing back what he requested, her face red in embarrassment at having to face
him.  "Good girl."  He had arranged the coffee table in front of the chair, a
few pillows for cushioning on top of it.

      She handed him the ginger root, a large root about an inch in diameter. 
She knew it was used in gourmet cook, not understanding why he wanted it.  But
that is what she feared.

      "Turn, your back to me," he ordered her.  She obeyed instantly, his hands
reaching out to grab her hips.  "Move back," pulling her backwards.  "Spread
your legs," he ordered when she bumped into him.

      She was afraid of the last order.  Spread your legs, her face red in shame
as she slowly did as he requested.  She felt her body being moved back until she
was straddling him, her legs on either side of his hips.  She almost had to bow
her legs out to accommodate his request.  She felt his hand on her back, pushing
her down again.  Now she understood.  Her ass rose up as she was pushed down,
down towards the cushioned coffee table.  His hands were on her naked hips,
having slipped under her skirt again. 

      "Put your hands on the table.  I'm going to lift your legs up.  Spread out
on the table."  His hands eagerly slid lower down on her legs when her body
touched the table, supporting her.  He pulled her up until her body was
positioned on his lap, her legs now hanging uselessly behind him.  She looked
back, her face red in shame as she finally realized how vulnerable of a position
she was in. 

      How did she get in such a position?  She was almost lying on top of him,
her lower body supported on him, his hard cock pressing into her sex again, this
time with her legs spread, she was so much more vulnerable.  She felt his hands
returning to her legs, sliding underneath her skirt, moving up to her naked ass. 
"Please no," she begged as she felt her skirt pushed up higher and higher,
moving up until she felt his hands on her naked ass cheeks, knowing the view
that she was affording him.

      He let his hands slide up her inner thighs, feeling her muscles tighten,
as he got closer and closer to her sex.  With her legs straddling his body, she
couldn't stop him from exploring her sex.  He pushed her skirt until it was on
her back, her luscious ass revealed in all her naked glory.  His hands began to
explore her lovely flesh, moving back and forth her cheeks, feeling her tighten
when he moved closer to her crack, teasing her by sliding one finger up and down
the moist opening, her cheeks pinned tightly together as she sought to hide her
treasures from him.  His fingers moved to her crack, his thumbs on each side,
digging in and pushing out.  He heard her moan as she tried to prevent him from
pulling her cheeks apart, his fingers too powerful, finally relenting with a
grunt.  The string from her thong still hid her asshole, but he could make out
the edges of the dark brown wrinkled opening, his finger sliding so close to it
that he saw the edges pucker in and out.  He slapped her ass hard, her body
jerking up in pain.  His hands moved to her hips, making her body move, making
her masturbate his cock again with her pussy.  "Continue."

      He was going too far now, teasing her too close to her asshole.  Why would
he want to touch her there?  His powerful slap stung fiercely, his hands urging
her to squirm on his cock again.  She knew it must look as if she were a two
dollar whore, humping him with her pussy, but she obeyed, her pussy wet with
desire.  His hands stopped touching her, her eyes closed as she heard movement
behind her, too scared to look back. 

      Michael began to prepare the ginger root.  What Cindy didn't realize is
that the ginger root produces a burning sensation when introduced into the anus. 
It is used to humiliate and chastise the victim, as well as preventing the
victim from clutching her buttocks during spankings, the pain increasing when
the ginger root is squeezed by the sphincter.  The burning sensation is also
known to induce intense pleasure.  He used the paring knife to skin the root so
it was smooth.  He carved a concavity around the finger of the root about two
thirds of the way down.  This acts as a retention device, similar to the way the
tapering portion of a butt plug is locked by the sphincter.  Cindy would be
experiencing some very new and uncomfortable feelings in her anus, hopefully
adding to the squirming she was doing on his cock.  He didn't need any
lubrication, the natural juices of the root more then sufficient.  First he had
to prepare her, knowing that she would fight any intrusion into her anus.  A
brief spanking and then a gentle masturbation would suffice.

      "OOOWWW," she yelled when she felt his hand slap her cheek.  Again, it
slapped at her other naked cheek, alternating back and forth.  They weren't
particularly hard, not what she was expecting, but they still stung, her hips
moving back and forth, her pussy rubbing over the throbbing member beneath her,
feeling it jerk in pleasure each time he hit her.  Five times he spanked her,
then stopped, his hands returning to rub her flesh sensuously.  She felt him
touch the top of her thong in the back and then heard the snip, feeling the
pressure release, knowing that he had cut it.  "No, please don't take it off,
please," she begged, not wanting to be naked, sure that he would be able to see
her sex from behind. 

      Another slap was Michael's response, his fingers pulling the thong from
her cheeks, letting it slowly slide down until he got to her sex, pausing.  He
took two fingers and gripped her lips from behind, squeezing harshly, pulling on
the fleshy skin.

      "EEEEHHH," shocked at the unexpected touch on her sex.  She bucked under
him as he pulled on her lips.  She felt his finger slide between her lips,
pushing the thin material between her wet lips, ashamed at how her body was
responding.  She squirmed harder as his hands pinched her tender flesh,
squeezing her lips between his powerful fingers.  She was afraid when he pulled
her thong away.

      "You're pussy is drenched.  You're enjoying this.  Well, I have so much
more for you to experience."  He pulled her thong, throwing it on the floor so
she could see it.  He pushed out on her legs, spreading her wider for his gaze,
her pussy glistening with her juices, her lips spreading wider.  "Such a lovely
pink pussy."

      She knew she was grossly exposed, but even though she was humiliated by
it, she was also aroused.  Even the thought of him spanking her made her wetter. 
How could be so dominated by him be so sexually arousing?  Would he take
advantage of the situation?  "EEEEHHH," his fingers jolting her back to reality,
clamping onto her naked pussy, squeezing her tender pussy lips, yanking on them
harshly.  She rubbed against his thick cock faster, feeling it jerk in pleasure
each time he pinched her pussy.  His fingers became bolder, sliding up and down
her slit from behind, rubbing her juices up and down, her legs spread wide,
unable or not wanting him to stop.  She humped up and down, sure that she was
giving him quite a show, but she no longer cared.  Suddenly his fingers moved up
higher, Cindy clenching her cheeks as his finger slid along her crack, sweat
aiding in making it slick.  "No!  NOT THERE!"  A sharp slap to her ass, then
another one, this time harder.  "OOOOWW."

      "Relax your cheeks.  NOW!"  His fingers moved to her crack, slowly
spreading her cheeks when he felt her relax, watching as her tiny wrinkled
opening came into view.  The crinkled dark brown hole looked so tiny, a dimpled
hole barely as big as his little finger.  He would have to open her up for the
ginger root first.  He slapped her cheeks again, alternating between the two,
moving lower so that his fingers barely grazed her pussy from behind, feeling
her shudder when he did.  "Don't you dare move." 

      "NNNOOO," but she didn't stop him as his finger slowly ran over he anus,
slick with his juices it slid easily, rubbing the her intimate hole.  She felt
so exposed, continuing to rub his cock, her pussy receiving pleasure in return.

      "Are you enjoying my cock?"

      She was embarrassed, but it was true.  She loved the feeling of his hard
cock sliding back and forth over her naked pussy.  "Yes," she murmured softly.

      "Reach underneath you and take my cock out.  I want you to rub your naked
pussy against my hard cock."

      She was afraid of taking his cock out.  Would he fuck her?  She began to
raise up her ass, suddenly stopping when she felt his finger poised at the
entrance to her anus.  If she continued, she would impale her asshole on his
fingertip.  "Please.  Move your finger."

      "I said take out my cock!"  His voice rose up, more domineering.  "Do it
now."  He kept his finger on her anus, pressing slightly inward; watching as her
anal ring slowly began to open.

      She was afraid of his finger, but she was more afraid of him.  She let her
ass slowly rise up, feeling the pressure on her anus as her anal ring expanded
to engulf his finger.  It felt strange to feel something push inside, moving
higher.  "EEGGHH," his finger suddenly sucked into the hot depths of her rectum
as she reached underneath him, her fingers quickly unzipping his pants, reaching
inside his shorts to grasp the hot flesh in her fingers.  She pulled it out, the
hard cock bending slightly as she wrapped her fingers around the thick cock.  It
jerked and shuddered in her hands as it popped out.  She finally moved her hands
away, sighing as she felt the hot flesh touch her pussy.  His finger didn't
move, pushing in as she moved downward, tightly encased in her asshole. 

      She was so tight, her hot asshole felt as if it was sucking his finger in
deeper.  He felt her anal ring sliding down his finger as if it were a tight
condom sliding over it, her rectal muscles clenching on his digit from his
unnatural probing.  He twisted his finger inside her, causing her to hump up and
down his naked cock, feeling her pussy juices bathing his cock.

      Suddenly his finger was gone, Cindy not sure if she was relieved or
disappointed.  She felt empty, the spasms in her anus continuing.  His cock felt
so good, the hot flesh rubbing so sensuously up and down her slit, Cindy
fighting the urge to push it into her pussy and let him fuck her to death. 
"WWHHAAATT!"  She felt something returning to her anus, this time much bigger. 
It wasn't his finger.  She felt him slap her ass again.

      "Hold still."  He pressed the Ginger root against her anus and began to
push.  "Push out and it will go easier.  I'm going to push the ginger root in
your asshole."

      "Why!"  She couldn't think of anything else to say.

      "Hold still," not answering her.  He wanted her to experience it.  He
pushed, her anal ring opening wider, stretching, the dark, hole now a light
brown as the skin stretched to accommodate the thick finger of the ginger root. 
He saw her ass rise up as she strained to accommodate the thick root forcing
entry in her backside. 

      "EEEGGGGH," suddenly she felt the root slide inside her, his powerful
hands pushing aside all resistance until she felt it inside her rectum.  She
felt a cool sensation as the root sat inside her asshole, her anus in spasms as
she bucked up and down.  "It's getting warm," she cried out, tears falling from
her eyes.  "Take it out."

      He pushed with his finger, sending the root inside her asshole, the air
whooshing from her lungs as her asshole was suddenly filled with unnatural
object.  He lightly tapped the end of the root, sending vibrations deep into her
asshole.  He waited and watched while the Ginger root began to do its work.  Her
hips became more active, moving back and forth, dragging his cock over her slick
pussy.  She clenched her cheeks, a soft groan from her lips, her cheeks relaxing
again.  She did this three times, obviously finally figuring that the burning
sensation deep in her asshole increased with her clenching.  He let his fingers
slide down to her vagina, suddenly impaling her pussy with three thick fingers. 
He was surprised how easily they slid in, her juices soaking the dry digits. 
She arched up on his lap when she was impaled, his hand slapping her ass cheek
harder, driving her hips back down, impaling his fingers deeper into her hot
pussy.

      She felt so full and vulnerable.  Whenever she clenched her cheeks, the
burning pain would increase deep inside her anal passage.  Her pussy was filled
with harsh fingers, knuckles stretching and scraping her tender insides as her
hips fucked back and forth on his hard cock.  And his hand kept her moving,
slapping her tender cheeks, the fiery pain in her skin increasing as he slapped
her harder and harder.  And to keep her vulnerable, his finger lightly tapped on
the end of the ginger root, reminding her of his domination of her body, sending
such intense feelings deep in her asshole.

      Michael fought to keep from cumming, her wet pussy sliding so sensuously
up and down his thick member, bringing such delightful tremors through her body
when he spanked her.  He kept it up for twenty minutes, noticing a change in her
demeanor.  She was masturbating his cock with renewed vigor, pressing harder
onto his flesh, sliding her pussy up and down with long strokes.  And her cheeks
were almost always tight together.  She seemed to relish the deep, burning pain
deep in her asshole, his finger gripping the end of the Ginger root, sliding it
up and down in a mock sodomy, his fingers fucking her pussy with deep strokes,
her pussy clinging to the thick fingers.  He knew it was time, her breathing
deep and heavy, a coating of sweat covering her body as she masturbated his cock
for all she was worth.

      She knew it was time, unable to control it any longer.  The deep, hot
burning in her asshole brought tears to her eyes but a delicious feeling between
her legs.  His fingers playing the Ginger root in and out of her asshole felt as
if he was fucking her asshole with his cock, his fingers bringing such pleasure
to her clenching pussy.  "Spank me hard," she yelled out.  "I'm going to cum."

      Michael didn't fail to help her, his hand raining down five powerful blows
to her ass cheeks that made her body jump in pain.  Four fingers plunged into
her pussy, spreading her tender insides wide to accommodate the thick digits. 
He gripped the Ginger root and pulled it almost all the way out before plunging
in back into her resisting asshole.  He didn't wait any longer, feeling her body
tremble and shake then explode.  His cock jerked in pleasure as he felt her gush
on his cock, his balls spewing a load of cum that shot on her.

      She came just as he did, his blows raining on her cheeks in a fiery pain
that shot to her sex, her asshole reamed out by the Ginger root and finally his
cock shot a load of cum that felt as if it were coming from a fire hose, the
powerful stream of ropey cum shooting directly on her clit.  The orgasm that hit
her body was so intense that she felt as if her heart stopped, between her legs
she felt a tingling that started with her clit, spread to her pussy and ended
deep in her asshole, her whole body beginning to spasm in pleasure.  She came on
his cock, feeling as if she were peeing on him, their cum mixing together to
coat the organs with the slick fluids.  Again he came on her clit, again she
came on his cock, her hips fucking up and down driving more pleasurable cums
from his cock, spewing his hot cum all over her pussy.

      She rode his cock even when he finished cumming, her pussy slick with
juices sliding effortlessly up and down his cock.  She finally slumped down,
exhausted, her body covered in sweat.  Her ass was a delicious pink, the skin
feeling hot as he let his fingers roam over the burning flesh.  He tapped at the
Ginger root, Cindy not even stirring as he did, too exhausted to move.  He
gripped the end tightly and began to pull it out, seeing her anal ring clinging
to it as if it didn't want it to leave, her ring pulling upward as he slowly
extracted the root from her asshole.  He watched as her anal ring slowly spread
wider to release the end, a sigh coming from Cindy as it popped free.  He
watched the spasm in her asshole after the ginger root left, her anus still
open, the darkness of her hole visible.  He teased the hole with his finger,
feeling the tremors running through the slick opening.  "Turn over onto your
back," his hands grabbing one ankle to bring it around as she turned over.  He
watched her pussy spread out as her legs spread wider to accommodate his
request.  He got up and stood next to her, making sure her legs were still
spread wide.

      "Did you have an enjoyable cum?"  He smiled as he looked at her, her body
drained.

      She turned red in shame at having performed as she did, cumming while
being spanked and anally impaled.  After the orgasm, she felt even more
humiliation.  "I'm sorry."

      "I hope that taught you a lesson.  Next time this is what will happen to
you if you displease me."  He grabbed her legs, pulling them up and pushing them
wide so her pussy began to spread out.  "Raise up your ass."  She obeyed; her
ass rising up until it was almost a foot off the coffee table.'

      What was he going to do now?  She shut her eyes, not wanting to see.  She
waited.  Suddenly it hit her.  His hand shot out between her legs, the palm of
his hand slapping hard against her pussy, slapping puffy labia, slapping against
her sensitive clit.  "GGGGGOOODDD," she screamed in pain.

      "Next time it will be your pussy that will be spanked.  And maybe with a
riding crop to beat between your pretty lips."  He noticed that she didn't move
back down again, her ass still raised up higher, presenting her pussy to him. 
Not to disappoint her he rained down another blow onto her pussy, the sweet
sound of his hand hitting her wet flesh ringing out in the room, another scream
torn from her lips.

      It hurt.  And felt good, her pussy taking such punishment but also
bringing such conflicting feelings to her body.  The second one was even better
then the first, Cindy already thinking of what she might do wrong next time she
babysat.

Coming Soon, Chapter 2-Cindy learns what happens when she sleeps with her mouth
open.












Fantasies of A Babysitter
Chapter 2
Powerone
Copyright 2005

One of my best jobs is to house sit.&nbsp; No kids to take care of just stay at someone&#8217;s house for a couple of days.&nbsp; And these are not just ordinary homes, most are multi-million dollar homes at the beach.&nbsp; Last week I was house sitting one of my favorite places.

Let's just call him Bill; I wouldn't use his real name.&nbsp; Bill used to be a movie star about ten years ago.&nbsp; Very famous.&nbsp; He did quite well and just retired from entertainment, having been very successful in business.&nbsp; He travels a lot for business, so I get to house sit for him quite a bit.&nbsp; He pays well and I get to work on my tan.

And by the way, Bill is the most gorgeous man I have ever seen.&nbsp; He's only about mid forties, a deep tan, works out in his own gym and takes great care of himself.&nbsp; I've seen him with a lot of women, sports stars, movie stars, socialites, all gorgeous.&nbsp; But Bill is still single, not sure why.&nbsp; I would let him in my panties in a second!&nbsp; Okay, maybe I wouldn't.&nbsp; I told you, I don't date much, but masturbate a lot.&nbsp; Shy thing I guess. But back to the story.

I stay in one of his guest rooms.&nbsp; It's a massive room the size of my parent&#8217;s whole house, one glass wall overlooking the Pacific Ocean.&nbsp; And the bed.&nbsp; A massive bed, overstuffed mattress, satin sheets and comforter.&nbsp; The only way to sleep in satin sheets is naked.&nbsp; So I do.&nbsp; This week was finals, a tough week of studying to the wee hours of the morning, finishing the last one this morning.&nbsp; Bill was to be home tomorrow morning, so I climbed into bed early, my naked body sliding along the satin sheets.&nbsp; God, I almost came as I got in.&nbsp; Now I've been extremely horny this week, not having much time to masturbate.&nbsp; I lay on my stomach and rubbed on the satin sheets, feeling my hard nipples slide along the material, rubbing them so sensuously.&nbsp; I could probably cum just by rubbing them, but I was just too tired tonight.&nbsp; Even as horny as I was, I fell into a quick deep sleep as soon as I touched the pillow.

Bill walked quietly into the house, noticing that all the lights were out, hoping that she was asleep.&nbsp; While Cindy wasn't as beautiful or sophisticated as the women he dated, there was just something about her that always drew her to him.&nbsp; He had finally figured it out.&nbsp; It was her lips.&nbsp; His cock seemed to spring to life each time she opened her mouth.&nbsp; The only thoughts that raced through his head was what it would be like to feel her hot breath blowing on his cock, her wet tongue racing over the head or her silky lips wrapped tightly around the head of his cock.&nbsp; He could hardly think of anything else when he saw her.&nbsp; He had seen the way she looked at him, hoping that he was right, hoping that she would do anything for him.&nbsp; His cock throbbed at the thought of her sucking his cock.&nbsp; He crept toward the guest room, quietly opening the door.&nbsp; The room was partly lit by the full moon, the drapes open.&nbsp; He could see neatly tucked under the comforter as he moved closer towards her.

His cock jumped in his pants when he saw her.&nbsp; Her head was on the pillow, her mouth open as she slept so quietly.&nbsp; He could hear her gentle breathing, her lips slightly moistened.&nbsp; He watched her for about ten minutes, seeing her tongue come out and swipe at her lips, her lips glistening in the moonlight.&nbsp; He couldn't wait any longer.&nbsp; He slowly slipped out of his clothes, his breath ragged as he indulged in his fantasy.&nbsp; His hand went down to his cock, gripping it tightly as he stroked it up and down.&nbsp; God, he had to have her mouth soon, before he came all over the bed.&nbsp; His naked body moved quietly to the bed, kneeling on the edge, holding his breath as he waited to see if her body moved.&nbsp; She didn't stir, so he slid over towards her.

He moved his hand closed to her face, only inches from her moistened lips.&nbsp; He held his breath as his finger lightly ran over her lips, her eyes seem to flutter but not open.&nbsp; His cock jerked in excitement as he felt her soft lips for the first time, the thought of them touching his cock exciting him.&nbsp; He ran his finger around her lips, pushing into her open mouth, her tongue touching his finger in reflex.&nbsp; He let his finger slide inside her mouth, Cindy still sound asleep as he moved deeper into the hot recesses of her mouth.&nbsp; God, he couldn't wait much longer.&nbsp; She still didn't stir.&nbsp; He moved next to her head, kneeling only inches from it.&nbsp; He stroked his cock as he lowered his throbbing member until he felt her lips touch his cock.&nbsp; "GGODDD," he moaned too loudly as he felt her lips touching his cock. He saw the head of his cock leak out pre-cum, eager to pump his cock in her mouth and fill it to overfilling.&nbsp; His cum glistened in the light on her lips as if it were a lipstick.&nbsp; His cock jerked in pleasure, her head turning slightly as it bounced on her lips.

Cindy was having one of her erotic dreams.&nbsp; This one even more vivid then the others.&nbsp; She was dreaming of the time when she was younger and had sex with the two older boys.&nbsp; It was one of her most reoccurring dreams.&nbsp; The difference in this one was that one of the boys was trying to get her to suck his cock.&nbsp; One was between her legs, his hard cock sliding in and out of her recently violated pussy, the other was rubbing his slippery cock all over her face, a trail of his cum clinging to her skin as me moved it back and forth.&nbsp; Hands tilted her head back, Cindy submissively opening her mouth in response to the strong hands urging her to perform the task.&nbsp; She had always been afraid of perform such a loathsome act, needing to be forced to accommodate the act that she thought was so degrading.&nbsp; The dream was so real, licking her lips, the salty taste quickly basting her mouth.

Bill could see her eyes beginning to flutter as she moved.&nbsp; Her mouth seemed to be opening, Bill not wasting any time, taking advantage of the situation to let his cock rub around her lips, his cock jerking in pleasure as he did.&nbsp; He saw her stir, knowing that she was wakening, the moment of truth upon him.

"Don't open your eyes," he said in a deep, demanding voice.

Cindy was suddenly brought back to reality by the familiar voice of Bill.&nbsp; She was awake, her eyes still shut, quickly realizing that the dream of hot, hard flesh on her lips wasn&#8217;t a dream, she could feel it sitting on her lips.&nbsp; She heard his command, not wanting to open them, afraid of confronting the reality of the situation.&nbsp; Did he really have his cock on her lips?&nbsp; She squeezed her eyes tighter, her only response to his command.

"Do you know what I want you to do?"&nbsp; He moved his cock from her lips, letting it rest on her cheek, the cock jerking against her silky skin.

"I've never done that before," was the only thing she could answer.

His cock leaped in joy at her response.&nbsp; It wasn't a denial, more of a statement of her intentions to perform.

"I'll teach you."

"Yes Sir," she muttered.

Bill picked up the black mask that be brought.&nbsp; "I'm going to put this mask to cover your eyes so you don't have to squeeze your eyes tight.&nbsp; Lean your head forward so I can put it around your head."&nbsp; It was an order, not a request.

So he'd planned it, the mask ready.&nbsp; How did he know she would submit?&nbsp; She shivered when his fingers touched her neck, sliding the mask down until it covered her eyes.&nbsp; She opened her eyes, confronted by the darkness of the mask.&nbsp; She waited, not sure what to do.&nbsp; She felt the hot flesh touch her cheek again, his hand pushing her face softly towards it.&nbsp; She could feel it throbbing against her skin, almost feeling as if it were burning her flesh.&nbsp; She kept her lips closed as he slid it across her lips, her tongue instinctively coming out, startling her as she suddenly came in contact with it.

"No, don't stop.&nbsp; Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.&nbsp; Your lips are so inviting, my cock is throbbing to feel your lips wrapped tightly around my hot flesh."

She couldn't believe that Bill desired her.&nbsp; He had often looked at her, but not like she looked at him.&nbsp; She had even imagined him taking her body one night, but the thought of him taking her in her mouth was something she could never have fathomed.&nbsp; She was always disgusted by the thought of taking someone's cock in her mouth.&nbsp; Even worse the thought of having it fill her mouth with cum and being forced to swallow it.

"Are you going to cum in my mouth?"&nbsp; She had to know.

"Yes.&nbsp; And you're going to swallow it."

"Yes Sir."&nbsp; She didn't know if she could do it with choking, but she knew she wouldn&#8217;t have a choice.

"You're going to have to take my cock deep in your mouth. Once you get use to it, I going to push it into your throat where your throat muscles will give me a very enjoyable fuck."

"I'm afraid I'll choke and gag if you do that?"

"I'm counting on you doing that.&nbsp; That's what makes it so enjoyable.&nbsp; If you are a good girl, I'll let you masturbate while I fuck your mouth."

The thought of him making her take it in her throat sent a shiver down between her legs.&nbsp; The thought of his hands on her head, forcing his cock into her throat while she gagged and choked excited her.&nbsp; Now he wanted her to masturbate while he fucked her mouth.&nbsp; "Under the covers Sir?"

"No, I want to see your naked body and watch your fingers play with your pussy.&nbsp; The thought of watching you cum is appealing to me, to see the expression on your face as you orgasm for me, your mouth filled with my cock.&nbsp; Hopefully I can cum at the same time, seeing your cheeks bulge out as I fill your mouth with my cum."

"I don't know if I can do that Sir."&nbsp; Her mind quickly filled with pictures of her legs spread, her pussy wet as her fingers played up and down her slit, Bill instructing her what to do as she sucked his cock eagerly, holding her breath as she waited for the inevitable time when he would cum in her mouth.

"It wasn't a question, Cindy.&nbsp; You will masturbate your pretty little pussy while you suck my cock.&nbsp; I wouldn't tell you again."

She felt his hand tighter on her head.&nbsp; She could only murmur, "yes Sir".&nbsp; She opened her mouth; her tongue slowly began to stick out, almost afraid of what she would find.&nbsp; Suddenly she felt it, the hard, rubbery head of a cock.&nbsp; She pulled her tongue back, then pushed it out again.&nbsp; She could already taste the salty flavor, knowing that it was his cum.

He liked the way her tongue moved tentatively, barely touching his cock, his throbbing member jumping in appreciation at her wet tongue finally reached out and touched it, then shooting back into her mouth.&nbsp; "Yes, good girl," he complimented her as her tongue moved back out again.

It felt strange, his cock so hot.&nbsp; It was hard, yet rubbery, a different texture then she had expected.&nbsp; Her tongue moved again, this time not pulling back, lightly rubbing along the thick head.&nbsp; She felt it jerk as her tongue moved in a circle, feeling the hole in the center, resting the tip of her tongue on it.&nbsp; She could taste the fluids that her tongue had coaxed out, a thick texture, salty, not all together unpleasant but just a small amount seemed to spread quickly inside her mouth.&nbsp; She let her tongue run down the side until she felt the ridge around the head, imagining the large red helmet that was the head, running her tongue all around the edge, the tip of the cock rubbing against her cheeks as she did.

He enjoyed the way she seemed to be exploring his cock with her tongue.&nbsp; Would she be so willing once she started sucking his cock, taking it in her mouth?&nbsp; "While I am enjoying your tongue Cindy, it is time for you to wrap your lips around my cock."

She opened her mouth wide, his hand under her chin, lifting her head up until she felt his cock touch her lips again.&nbsp; She waited until she felt it, his cock sliding along her lips, slowly and sensuously entering her mouth.

"What a lovely hot mouth Cindy, your hot breath is almost making me cum."&nbsp; He pulled her forward more, eager to feel her lips around his cock.&nbsp; "Close your lips on my cock.&nbsp; Make it nice and tight, just like your pussy."

She let her lips close, grasping the hard cock in her mouth, her lips capturing it just below the rim, the thick helmet of his cock inside her mouth.&nbsp; It felt strange and exciting, being forced to take his cock in her mouth.&nbsp; Not like she thought it would be like, not as distasteful as she remembered.&nbsp; Maybe it was the slow buildup, his teasing her as she lay there, the darkness of the blindfold making it as if she had no choice but to submit to him, laying there unable to know what he was doing until she felt it.&nbsp; She let her tongue run over the head, feeling it jerk, her lips tightening on it, holding it firm.&nbsp; Her tongue continued to explore the hot flesh, running over the head, feeling it leak out when she ran across the slit, tasting his juices.&nbsp; The taste seemed to grow on her, the thought of it filling her mouth exciting her.&nbsp; Would she be able to swallow it all?

"Oh yes Cindy.&nbsp; You have a God given talent for sucking cock.&nbsp; You just needed lessons on how to perform.&nbsp; OHHH GGGGODDDD," he screamed, sliding his cock forward into her mouth, fighting the urge to cum.

She felt it, the jerking of his cock, his body pushing his thick cock through her tightly clenched lips and then his body grew rigid.&nbsp; She felt the jet of cum shoot from his cock into her waiting mouth, her tongue suddenly bathed with the thick, salty fluid.&nbsp; She froze, not sure of what to do, afraid she had made him cum too soon.

His hands gripped her head hard, holding her still as he fought the urge to cum, unloading a short ropey burst of cum into her mouth before he could control himself, pleased that she stopped moving her tongue.&nbsp; "Sorry Cindy, but your mouth is just too good.&nbsp; Don't worry just a little shot.&nbsp; My cock is still hard.&nbsp; There is so much more for you.&nbsp; You still have to take my cock in your throat.&nbsp; Now hold the cum in your mouth, don't swallow it until I tell you.&nbsp; Tongue my cock again."

She felt the thick cum sitting on her tongue.&nbsp; It slowly spread, filling her mouth, the salty taste permeating her taste buds.&nbsp; It was no longer unpleasant, just different.&nbsp; She held it inside her mouth, using her tongue to coat his cock with his cum, taking the thick cr�me and lathering his head with it.

He began to slide his hips back and forth in a gentle fucking motion, holding her head firmly as he used her mouth. He had to fight the urge to cum.&nbsp; "Let me see your tits Cindy.&nbsp; Slip the comforter down to your waist."

He wanted to see her naked body, or at least half of it.&nbsp; But she knew that it was only the beginning, he had already told her that he wanted to watch her masturbate until she came.&nbsp; At least she was blindfolded; she wouldn't have to see his eyes raping her naked body.&nbsp; Her hands trembled as she gripped the top of the comforter, his cock beginning to slide in and out of her mouth, aided by the cum that coated the thick member.&nbsp; She felt her nipples harden suddenly when the comforter slid over the tips, the cool air seemed to rush over them, signaling to her that she was half-naked.

"What a lovely set of tits Cindy.&nbsp; Big, pink nipples, nice dark areolas, nice firm flesh.&nbsp; Arch your back and stick out your tits for me Cindy."&nbsp; He teased her.

She thought the darkness would prevent the embarrassment, but he enjoyed describing her naked body, making her pose for him as she arched her back, a mental image in her mind of how she must look posing her naked body for him.&nbsp; "GGGODDD," she cried out when she felt a wet finger touch her nipple, feeling the tip almost burst in pleasure.&nbsp; She felt the finger return, this time slapping one hard tip back and forth until she felt a strange stinging in the end of her nipple.&nbsp; It felt as if it would explode.&nbsp; His hips continued to rock back and forth, shoving his cock in and out of her mouth.

"Play with your tits for me Cindy.&nbsp; Show me how hard you can make them.&nbsp; And keep your tongue running over my cock.&nbsp; I'm going to fuck your face now."&nbsp; He watched as her hands moved to her breasts, cupping the twin globes, her fingers plucking at her hard nipples.&nbsp; He heard her moan, not sure if it was because of her fingers or his cock as he began to take deep thrusts into her willing mouth.&nbsp; "Yes, suck hard Cindy," he moaned in pleasure as his cock banged against the back of her throat, his hips driving his cock with pounding thrusts, her sweet lips wrapped so tightly around his cock.&nbsp; He gripped her head tighter, enjoying her lips as they pressed tightly around his cock as if it were her pussy encasing his cock.

His cock drove in and out of her mouth, his balls slapping hard against her chin as he fucked her face, her hands plucking at her nipples, deriving so much pleasure as she pinched them hard.&nbsp; She felt so degraded, yet so excited as he used her mouth as if it were her vagina, fucking her with deep strokes that each time threatened to race down her throat at the same time, forcing her to play with her body as she imagined him watching her.&nbsp; It seemed that she was deriving as much pleasure from the oral copulation as he was.&nbsp; She decided to get brave, her hands sliding down from her breasts, over the flat plane of her stomach to push the comforter off of her abdomen.&nbsp; His cock slowed down, Cindy imagining him gazing down at her.

"Yes, I like that.&nbsp; Show me how you can play with your pussy.&nbsp; Masturbate for me."&nbsp; Bill began to slow his thrusts in her mouth, his cock feeling like he would cum soon.&nbsp; He wanted to wait as long as possible; he wanted to get her aroused so she would cum when he did. "All the way down, kick the comforter off of you.&nbsp; Then spread those lovely legs for me.&nbsp; Show me that sweet pussy."

She sucked hard on the cock in her mouth, dragging it deep into the hot confines, her tongue running back and forth over the shaft, feeling the bumps and ridges, wanting to please him.&nbsp; She felt the cool air on her naked body, slowly spreading her legs, feeling her wet pussy lips separate, the cool air of the morning blowing on her wet sex.&nbsp; She could only imagine how she must look, Bill poised over her naked body, the bright morning light shining on her naked body as she sucked his cock.&nbsp; She let her hands move down to her spread legs, pulling her pussy lips back even farther, realizing how brazenly she was revealing her inner sex, her inner pink pussy dripping wet with desire.

"What a lovely pussy Cindy.&nbsp; So nice and pink.&nbsp; Pull your lips apart more, until they hurt a bit.&nbsp; You'd been surprised that a bit of pain feels good."&nbsp; He watched as her fingertips gripped her lips, digging into the slick lips, pulling them, stretching them wide, a moan on his cock that she was pulling them hard.&nbsp; "Yes, now bring your legs up, then bow your knees out.&nbsp; Show me all of your treasures."&nbsp; He gave his hips a powerful thrust, driving his cock forcefully to the back of her throat.&nbsp; But he didn&#8217;t stop until her heard her choke, his cockhead banging against her tonsils.

"GGGHH," she gagged as his cock pushed farther then it had ever, slamming into her mouth until she almost swallowed it, the thick head making her choke, his cock taking advantage of the situation and push deeper, deeper into her opened throat.&nbsp; She felt his hands tighten on her head, knowing that he was getting to the point where he would drive his cock into her throat.&nbsp; She didn't know where she would be able to stand it, but she wasn't sure she had much choice.&nbsp; She began to rub her clit, hoping the increased arousal would somehow make the inevitable throat fucking more pleasurable.

"Yes, play with that big clit.&nbsp; Look how aroused you are.&nbsp; Stick two fingers in your pussy.&nbsp; Fingerfuck yourself.&nbsp; Imagine my cock driving between your legs."&nbsp; Her mouth seemed to take a renewed interest, her lips so tight that it was getting difficult to drive it back and forth.&nbsp; And her tongue seemed to be everywhere, lathering up his cock from the tip down the shaft, the raspy surface of her tongue bringing such pleasures to his cock.&nbsp; He couldn't help himself any longer, his cock continually leaking into her hot mouth, his balls tingling as they banged against her chin with each thrust.

She was going crazy with lust, finger fucking herself brazenly as he fucked her face, his hands pinning her head to the pillow, driving his hips back and forth.&nbsp; She had never been taken so ruthlessly before, her mouth serving to please him, her hands having to derive her own pleasure.&nbsp; She took a deep breath as he drove into her mouth, gagging as he breached her throat.&nbsp; She knew it was time as he held his cock in the breach, his hands gripping her head until Cindy felt like it was in a vice.&nbsp; "GGGHH," she gagged again, her throat opening as she choked her stomach turning as she fought the urge to vomit.&nbsp;&nbsp; He yanked off the blindfold, tears streaming from her eyes, but she knew that there would be no turning back.&nbsp; He was determined to force her to take his cock in her throat and she was unwilling to stop him.&nbsp; She jammed three fingers in her pussy, two fingers twisting her clit harshly, hoping the pain in her loins would take away the fear she felt.

It was time, his cock poised in her throat, her body clenched and tight.&nbsp; He shoved, feeling her choke, the muscles of her throat opening up and then clenching down on his rigid cockhead as he began the gradual ascent into her throat.&nbsp; It felt like a warm gloved hand gripping his cock.&nbsp; "God, your throat is eating my cock alive."&nbsp; He pushed deeper, another gag coming from her muffled mouth, tears running down from her wide open eyes, searching for some relief.&nbsp; "Take it deep Cindy.&nbsp; Take my cock in your throat."&nbsp; He gave her a couple of staccotto jerks of his cock, harshly pushing in and out of her throat, her muscles beginning to spasm on his hard flesh.&nbsp; He placed a hand under her chin, pulling her head up so he could see the look on her face as he throat fucked her.&nbsp; The mask no longer hid her from what was happening, her eyes only inches from his stomach, feeling his balls on her chin, as she was slowly pulled onto the hard cock, the thick member sliding deeper and deeper into her clenching throat.

"Such a good cocksucker.&nbsp; Can you cum for me Cindy? Play with that sweet pussy and cum for me.&nbsp; If you do, I'll pull my cock from your throat.&nbsp; Then I'm going to empty my balls in your mouth, filling you with my cum."

He was using her throat as if it were her pussy, pulling her on and off of his raging cock.&nbsp; She felt her throat rubbed raw, the choking making her stomach turn.&nbsp; She rubbed her pussy faster, running three fingers in and out, spreading her fingers when they were inside her, feeling her insides stretching.&nbsp; Her other hand pinched her clit, her ass raising up from the bed, the pain and pleasure mixing together, Cindy not even able to comprehend what was happening.&nbsp; All she knew was she had the urgent need to cum.&nbsp; Even worse, she looked forward to when Bill would cum in her mouth, wanting to experience the complete surrender of her body to him.&nbsp; It came on her quickly, her pussy clenching uncontrollably on her fingers, yanking hard on her clit, stretching it out.&nbsp; It hit her like a freight train, her body shuddering and shaking as she came, her fingers drenched in her own juices.&nbsp; She took a deep breath, long enough to fill her lungs before Bill blasted a thick load of cum into her mouth. It wasn't anything like the last one.&nbsp; This one seemed to make her cheeks bulge out with the thick cr�me as he unloaded gallons of cum into her willing mouth.&nbsp; It seemed like gallons, cum dripping from the corner of her mouth as she attempted to swallow the thick cum.&nbsp; She coughed, choking on the thick cr�me as she tried to swallow the abundant cr�me bulging out her cheeks.&nbsp; As soon as she swallowed, a second load spilled from his cock into her waiting mouth, his hips pumping in and out of her tightly clenched lips, her tongue lapping at the head like a cat.

Bill couldn't wait any longer.&nbsp; He saw her cumming, her fingers moving so fast as she fingerfucked herself into an orgasmic frenzy, her hips moving up and down as her fingers raced over her pussy.&nbsp; He pulled his cock from her throat, her eyes open in relief at being able to breathe.&nbsp; He let her tongue run over the head as he felt the tingling race up from his balls to shoot a load of cum into her waiting mouth.&nbsp; Her eyes opened wide in surprise as she scrambled to contain the copious fluid that bulged her cheeks out.&nbsp; He let his hand rest on her neck, feeling her beginning to swallow, another load of cum shooting out before she could finish, her choking exciting him.&nbsp; One more load filled her mouth as he watched her hand slow down her masturbation, her fingers glistening from her juices, her throat swallowing, a river of cum dripping from the corner of her mouth.

She almost hated for his cock to leave, tightening her lips on the shrinking cock as he pulled it out, her body exhausted from the orgasm that raced through her body.&nbsp; She had never been so completely taken by one individual, her body used solely for the purpose of pleasuring him, her mouth taken as a substitute for her pussy, forced to orally satisfy him until he discharged his semen deep into her stomach.&nbsp; He pushed her hair from her face as he got up.

"Go back to sleep.&nbsp; I have to go to work.&nbsp; There is no hurry for you to leave.&nbsp; I hope to see you again soon.&nbsp; I enjoyed taking you so completely."&nbsp; He looked down at her naked body.&nbsp; "And a beautiful creature you are."&nbsp; He got up and left, but not before he left some money on the table.

"I've never been so sexually overcome by one person before.&nbsp; You saw that I enjoyed it," looking down at her naked body, not even ashamed of him seeing her that way.

She sat up on the bed when she heard the door close.&nbsp; She leaned over the table and counted the money he left.&nbsp; She smiled, pleased.&nbsp; It was exactly the same amount that he always paid her.&nbsp; She was glad.

Coming soon:&nbsp; Handcuffs Found, Key Lost




















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





