BDSM Library - Kennel Bitch




Kennel Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave tells the story of how she earned her new name: Kennel Bitch
To say that I wrote this tale would be a gross miscarriage of
justice. In truth, this tale was given to me by a close personal
friend. After an edit or two, along with some creative
adjustments, I completed this tale. I suppose I can claim
co-authorship, as the tale is a bit different from what was given
me. However, I would not feel right if I did not make note of the
tales original author, who shall remain anonymous. To her I give
thanks for generously providing this tale and for allowing me the
privilege of claiming co-authorship.


Kennel Bitch

Prologue:

In the short time that I have known him he has taught me so many
new things and taken me to places that I never dreamed of. He has
shown me how to step up to the fire - to touch it and to take it
into me to make it my own. Now, I find that I am living my
deepest and darkest, most inner kept fantasies.

That he so mesmerizes me is dumbfounding and I find myself bound
to him, body and soul. His very presence makes me dizzy with
carnal needs, forgetful of my former morality. There is no
greater pleasure for me than to please him. Often, when I find
myself kneeling at his feet, I wonder that I could find such
pleasure as a supplicant to a man; a master - my master.

The tale that I am about to tell you will reveal just what I have
become and who I am. And it is who I am and who I always have
been. I just did not know it until that night.

Do not judge me for it. I cannot help who I am any more than you
can help who you are. So, without further explanation, here is my
story and how it happened that I came to discover what I am.

My Story

As I exited the shower I heard the front door creak open. As I
heard him call to me a shiver ran through my body, despite the
warmth humidity that filled the bathroom.

As I peeked from the bathroom I saw him, standing, looking at my
naked body. I started to cover myself but knew better. His eyes
locked on mine, and he smiled gentle smile. Then, I watched as
his eyes traveled the length of me. I remember my nipples
hardening as he motioned me to spin around, so he could see the
entirety of my body.

Then, his hands were on me, burning my skin. I shivered at the
sensation. His hands slid up my body to cradle my face and I felt
myself grow wet and excited.
"I have a surprise for you." He whispered, his lips upon mine.
"Remain here, as you are. I will be back for you, presently."

Obediently, I stood there, wondering what he had in store for me.
I realized, then, my vulnerable nakedness and my erect nipples.
My thighs were wet as my own juices fled from my body,
anticipating his taking me. And I stood, unmoving and
anticipatory.

An eternity of moments later I heard Jakes voice, speaking to
someone unknown. His large frame filled the doorway, suddenly,
and he smiled, lasciviously. It was then that I saw the large
furry head, peaking from beside him.
I found myself following him to the bedroom at his command. My
eyes never left the huge black beast that followed him. I suppose
that I knew what his plans were, at that moment. And, though
thoughts of his intentions ran through my head, I denied them,
refusing to believe the worst.

I looked to him, questioning the presence and ownership of the
dog. He merely smiled and shushed me, his finger to his lips.

"This is Gus." He said, softly. "He is a Norwegian. And he is
ours for the next few days." And, before I knew what was
happening he had me sitting on the side of the bed, legs spread.

The dog padded up between my legs and started licking the wetness
on my thighs. I tried to close my legs, but received a warning
growl that frightened me. I looked to Jake, panic in my eyes, but
he never moved.

"Please, stop him��stop this." I whispered. He acknowledged my
plea with a silent nod of negation.

I looked back to the dog, now licking the wetness from its
source. I stared down, amazed that I should have this huge beast
licking me. I had never thought of such a thing before tonight. I
remember wondering how far I would sink after this degradation.

Again, I tried to close my legs. This time I pushed the dogs head
from me, as I did so. I was met with an angry, teeth baring,
growl. Afraid, I pulled back and relaxed my legs. Then, Gus was
back, pushing his tongue into me. I watched, degraded, ashamed
and humiliated.

I don't remember when it happened that my disgust left me. Soon,
though, I felt excitement at the dog's persistent attention. He
was pushing his muzzle at my wetness as his tongue probed into
me. And, despite all that I knew and felt, my body reacted to his
attentions. I remember, quite vividly, hearing myself moan.

Abruptly, the dog was gone. I felt Jake push me down on my back
and puling my hands together over my head. I looked up to see him
binding my wrists with a wide leather strap, which he secured, to
a hook on the side of the bed. I had never thought that they
would be used for such an act. Nevertheless, they were.
After he secured my hands, he lifted my legs to my chest and
pulled me so that my ass hung over the edge of the bed. I felt
the tightness in my bound arms as he stretched me. Then, he began
strapping another wide leather strap around my legs and body,
pulling my knees tight, to my chest.

I begged him not to do this to me. I don't know how many times I
begged him not to let the dog have me. All I know is that he
never once gave the slightest hint that he heard me. I was in a
state of shock, awaiting my punishment for some unknown crime in
a past life. I began sobbing while I begged for him to stop what
he was doing.

"Gus," I heard him say, "Isn't this a pretty piece of ass? I'll
bet you would like a taste of this, wouldn't you?" Instantly, I
screamed, fear and self-loathing ripping through me.

His face filled the space in front of me. He brought his finger
to his lips and shushed me. And, somehow, that quieted me. And,
though my whimpers and begging continued, I never, again,
screamed.

After shushing me, Jake pushed his fingers into me. lay there,
moaning, as he worked his fingers in my damp opening, Soon, both
holes were filled with his massaging fingers. And then it struck
me. He was going to have the dog use my ass.

I became angry at this thought. I had never let any man use my
ass before Jake. And, even though I had given myself over to him,
completely, he knew that it was difficult for me and that I never
enjoyed it, always suffering its use in pain.
My angry thoughts were suddenly replaced by fear. For, when his
fingers left me, the dog mounted me. I raised my head to see the
heavy black muzzle over my body. I whined, looking to Jake where
he stood watching.

The dog began humping my body, his cock stabbing at me. The
moment dragged by as the dogs cock stabbed forward, trying to
find an opening. And then, he was inside me. Pain ripped through
me as the dogs cock spread my sphincter and slid into my ass. I
clenched my teeth and moaned, filled with a ripping pain.

The dogs weight pressed down on my body causing my ass to sag
down on the bed. Helplessly, I groaned as the dog humped my ass
with jackhammer thrusts. I looked up, often, to see Gus as he
panted, heavily. His massive head bobbed with every stabbing
thrust into my ass.
I grunted and moaned as pain filled me with continuous agony. I
begged for it to end. And then, amidst the pain, something
happened. My guts wrenched tight and my head felt light. And
then, I exploded, an agonizing pain filling and shaking me in an
impossible pleasure. I clenched my teeth and grunted as the
painful orgasm rushed through my body, leaving me panting and
humiliated.

Slowly, I lifted my head to see the dog over me again. I recoiled
as his drool fell to my body. It seemed as though he would never
tire or quit. And then again, I felt my stomach clench as another
painful orgasm beat against my will. The excitement and pain
inside me was, nearly, unbearable.

Again, I lifted my head. This time, as I watched, the dog came. I
felt him fill my bowels with his hot semen. Never before had I
been so aware of being filled with the heat of sex. And then, I
climaxed again.

And then, it was over. For a time, Gus did not move. He remained
straddling my bound body. Finally, as if he had never been, he
was gone.

For several minutes after the dog left me I remained bound. And
though I thought my ordeal was over it was not. For, when I
finally took to my feet Jake pointed out a small basin that he
had placed underneath my ass when the dog had withdrawn. It was
now filled with drippings of the dogs cum, which had leaked from
my tortured ass. Cleaning it with my tongue would be my last
task, he told me.

When I had finished cleaning the basin of the dogs cum I looked
up at Jake. He looked down at me approvingly. Somehow, even after
my suffering such degradation and humiliation, I felt myself
shiver with pride. I had pleased him.
I let my eyes drift downward. The erection that I saw beneath his
pants told me that my night had just begun.

Epilogue:

And so you have my story. I know that you will not understand it.
You may even be in shock, or worse. Nevertheless, it is my story
as I recall it. In fact, it is my life, now. For, I have been
renamed as "Kennel Bitch."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  H. Dean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





