BDSM Library - Black Couple in Power




Black Couple in Power
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple has to submit to a black boss and his wife after their illegal dealings are found out.
Black Couple in Power

Joan was disgusted and tired of the evening guests.  She and her husband were
financially in serious debt with possible jail time coming for some of the
illegal transactions they had made in the past.  John's boss, Don, a black man
in his late 40s had found out about the deals and made some kind of agreement
with him on how it could be paid back without any jail time.  John had came home
early that day to tell Joan they were having a dinner for his new boss and his
ebony wife who was barely in her twenties.  She was told to do anything they ask
and serve them food and drink upon command or else they would face the
possibility of imprisonment.  Lucy, their daughter, was gone to a concert with
some friends for the night and wouldn't be back till tomorrow.

Joan had made dinner and served the guest in the living room.  Don was
continually looking her up and down and demanding she fletch him a drink,
napkin, or such.  Meanwhile, his wife Kit was constantly rubbing on her husband
every chance she got.  Joan was getting madder and madder as the dinner was
completed and she started returning them to the kitchen.  She felt like a common
household servant instead of the rich lifestyle she had enjoyed for years.  When
Don had slapped her ass as she gathered the last plate, she slapped his hand
away and was going to do something else as she noticed her husband face grimaced
in pain.  She turned immediately away towards the kitchen to put the last plate
up.

Upon her return, she noticed John and Kit were not there.

"Where's my husband," she asked Don in surprise and worry.  In her mind, she was
wondering about that black flirt who was drooling over him all night.

"They went to get the evening entertainment started," Don smiled.  "Come sit
here."

"I think this chair would be better," Joan replied, trying to get as far from
the man as possible.

"I said come sit her," Don yelled in a harsh voice that frighten her.

"Don't make me repeat myself," he continued.

Joan was fearful of the tone of his voice but knew they had to please the man
tonight so she got up and walked over and sit on the sofa beside him.  She felt
his hand touch her upper thigh area.

"I suggest you remove your hand Mr. Groves or I'll call my husband to remove it
for you," she retorted.

Don continued to rub his hand up and down on her thigh area as Joan face flushed
in anger.

"I mean it," she stated looking at him.  "Boss or no boss, my husband will take
care of you if you don't remove it this minute."

She noticed he was still smiling at her and still rubbing.  She reached out and
slapped his face hard with her palm.

"Bad move," Don said, releasing her thigh with his hand.  "I think prison may
suit you just fine.  Let some whore play with you for awhile.  Bet you'll love
being some big momma's little bitch."

Joan was in fear she had blown it for them as she immediately started
apologizing to the bastard for her actions by telling him it had been a reaction
instead of on purpose.  She begged him not to take it out on them for her
mistake and pleaded that they had a daughter who was about to enter college.

"Then I suggest you do anything I want," Don looked up at the proud white woman
begging.  "I mean anything or else."

"Yes, yes."  Joan replied.  "I'm truly sorry.  I promise it won't happen again."

"Then strip bitch," Don commanded.

Joan froze in disbelief.  Surely he didn't mean for her to strip.  What about
her husband and his wife returning.  Surely he was joking.  She started to say
something when Don spoke again.

"I said strip now or I'm out of here and you and your chubby husband can find
your way to jail."  He bellowed.  "Now move it bitch, strip!"

Joan couldn't take the chance.  She reached up and started unbuttoning her
blouse hoping her husband would not return for awhile.  Maybe the bastard just
wanted a blowjob and he would leave for the night.  She saw him point at her
pants as her tits swung loosely in front and she reached down pulling them off. 
She stood in front of him only in her panties.

"I mean all of those rags you're wearing," he demanded.

Slowly, Joan reached down and pulled her panties to the floor and stepped out of
them.  She was totally ashamed of herself standing in front of the large black
man and covered her tits and cunt with her hands.

"Put your hands on top of your head," Don commanded, "and keep turning around so
I can inspect the goods."

Joan reached up and put her hands on top of her head exposing her tits and cunt
to the man on the sofa.  She started to spin around slowly.  When she had made a
complete turn, she saw his cock had been released from his pants and it was the
biggest cock she had ever seen.  Twice as big as John.  She couldn't help but
stare at it as she continued to turn around.  Her cunt had gotten excited with
just the sight of it as she tried to maintain her dignity as she turned.  He was
stroking it as she continued to turn and she hated to admit to herself that she
wished she could get on her knees and suck that big monster.  God, it was so
big.  Her cunt was getting wet at the thought of that thing between her legs
inside of her.

After about the sixth turn, Don commanded her to stop and drop to her knees and
crawl forward to him.

Joan resistance was gone as she complied with his command.  She immediately
dropped down and started crawling on her knees to that large wet cock just
waiting for her cunt which was now dripping in excitement.

When she arrive at his lap, she bent forward to take it in her mouth but felt
his hand roughly push her head back.

"I didn't say you could have any ho," he laughed.  "You have to earn it.  Play
with those big tits for me ho."

Joan reached up and started rubbing and pulling on her nipples as he had
commanded.  She had forgotten all about his wife and her husband.  Right now,
her only thoughts was on that big black cock and how soon she could have it in
her cunt.

"Reach down and spread those cunt lips of yours ho so I can see how big that
cunt hole of yours is beneath all that hair."  He commanded.

Joan released her boobs, letting them drop down, and immediately reached down
spreading her cunt lips apart.  God, she hoped he would hurry up and shove it
in.

"Needs some stretching for my big cock," Don smirked, "why don't you suck
master's cock for the present ho so I can inspect that flapping mouth of yours."

Joan normally would have been insulted but she was so hot she leaned forward
nearly swallowing half his cock in her mouth at once.  It was wet as she favored
the tasted and started pumping her head up and down on it.  She needed it bad. 
She felt his hand gripping her hair above in a knot and forcing her head up and
down at his pace.  She wanted to go faster to get him ready but his hand was
holding her back.  She reached down and started rubbing her cunt in
anticipation.

My, my.  So the ho is a natural born cocksucker.

Joan opened her eyes to see Kit standing by the side of the sofa.  She tried to
get up but Don pushed her head down farther on his cock almost choking her as
she gasped for air.

"Not bad for a beginning ho," Don laughed.  "I see you have the entertainment
ready."

Joan could only see from one side what Don was talking about as Kit move to the
side exposing her husband John standing there totally nude.  He had two clamps
on his tits, a pair of Kit panties in his mouth, and several bells attached to
his balls down below.  His thighs showed signs of whip marks on his white skin
and his hands were secured with something behind his back.  Joan couldn't help
but get more excited by how submissive and puny he looked at the moment.

"Let's see the bitch dance," Don yelled.

Kit yelled at John to dance and started striking his rear with a riding crop she
had at her side.  The bells started ringing loudly as John swayed his cock and
hips sideways and forward trying to look like he was dancing.  Joan was getting
more and more excited watching him with the cock in her mouth swelling as she
sucked more and more on it.  She felt her arms being pulled back behind her and
a cuff being attached to them by Kit.

"Why don't you fuck the bitch while I play with this ho for awhile", Kit told
Don.  "I'll bring her back when I'm done."

"Don't mind if I do," Don told her.  "Her cunt is too loose right now for my
cock anyway." 

Joan felt her hair being pulled in back as Kit pulled her mouth off Don's large
cock.  She tried to protest but a quick slap from Don made her stop.

"Don't worry ho; I take care of you later."  He told her.  "Go play with
mistress for awhile.  Come here bitch and sit on your master cock.  I want to
see you dance on this for awhile."

Joan felt Kit dragging her by the hair as John made his way over to Don's lap. 
His face was distorted she noticed as she passed but at present the bitch had a
good hold on her hair and was dragging her by it.  She could do little but trail
along like a puppy.  As they entered the kitchen, Joan was scared of what to
expect as Kit came to the backdoor.  She raised Joan head up by the hair after
opening it and turning on the back door light.

"I saw your garden this evening as I came up," Kit said.  "I'm going to enjoy
watching your white ass running 10 laps around it.  Otherwise, I'll just leave
you out there all night.  Get your ass moving sugar."

But the neighbors..........

Joan felt a knee in her ass almost kicking her totally out the door.

"Move that ass sugar and wiggle it nice for me."  Kit yelled at her.

Joan hoped the neighbors were asleep as she started running the stone pathway
circling the flowers.  She didn't have much choice at the moment.  Her tits were
swaying sideways as she ran and her butt was flopping behind.  Her cunt juices
were flowing wildly and dropping on the concrete trail below.

As she made the first circle, she saw Kit standing in the door rubbing her clit
watching her.

"Wiggle that white booty more ho," Kit yelled as she passed as loud as she
could.

Damn, damn. Joan thought as she tried to wiggle more and run faster.  Surely the
neighbors could hear that.  Damn it.  She tried to run faster to get it over as
soon as possible.  Kit was whistling and yelled obscene words at her as she
passed by each time.  She was running totally out of breath.  By the tenth
circle, she was exhausted and thought she would pass out.  She made it to the
door where Kit was still standing smiling at her.

"If you want in, you have to get on your knees and lick my cunt till I cum, Kit
demanded.

Joan knew the neighbors could probably see everything in the lighted doorway but
she was exhausted and too tired to fight.  Besides, they probably had watched
her the whole time running around the garden nude.  She had a sexual affair once
in college with a girl but wasn't thrill by it.  But this was different; she
didn't have much choice in it.  Slowly she got down and stared at the bushy wet
cunt only inches from her face. 

"I said get your white face in my snatch unless you want me to yell it out for
the whole neighborhood." Kit yelled at her.

Joan pressed her mouth to the wet clit and started rubbing her tongue up and
down on it.  She knew the girl was already close to cumming by how wet her gash
was.  She started licking faster and wider hoping to get her off as fast as
possible.  She felt her hand grab her hair in back pushing her fast deeper in
her cunt and then her whole body shaking as she climaxed.  She licked several
more moments before Kit stepped back leading her on her knees on the doorway.

"Not bad ho," Kit commented.  "Now let see how good that tongue of yours is in
my shit hole."

Noooo.  I did what....................................

Joan felt a hard slap to her right cheek bringing tears from her eyes.

"I said tongue you are going to tongue my asshole or you can just stay out there
all night."  Kit yelled at her.

Joan watched in horror as Kit turned around and bent over slightly exposing her
medium size ass to her face for service.  She stared at the puckered entrance
and then pressed her lips to it.  Slowly, she started working her tongue around
and around the entrance.

"If you want to come in, you better get that wagging tongue of yours inside." 
Kit demanded.

Joan resigned in despair and started working her tongue inside the black woman
asshole and wiggling it inside.  The taste was salty from sweat but she knew if
she didn't please her, she would forever be in the doorway like she was.  She
thought it would never end as Kit finally pulled her big ass off her face and
she could breathe normal again.

"Come on in ho," Kit told her, "But crawl on your knees and follow me."

Joan crawled inside as Kit closed the door and started back towards the living
area.  Joan crawled on her knees behind as Kit would sometimes stop and press
her ass back in her face.  She was totally humiliated as they finally made their
way inside where Don was still seated on the sofa.  She could see John on his
head and knees on the floor below him rubbing her ass in back.  His asshole was
wide open and Joan knew Don must have fucked the shit out of it from its
appearance.

"I just love a virgin asshole," Don said noticing the girls had returned again. 
"You may have to put a diaper on him later, he's so loose now."

John was still groaning in pain on the floor trying to rub his ass to ease the
pain.

"I heard his wife is a virgin in the asshole too," Don continued.  "Wouldn't let
the wimp put his wiener little cock up her butt.  Maybe, I should loosen hers up
too.

"You just sit back you bastard and let me have my turn."  Kit yelled at him.  "I
was planning to enjoy that ass myself. 

She reached in the handbag she had brought and pulled out a strap-on cock that
was nearly as large as Don cock and started to attach it around her waist.  As
she hooked it, she glanced over at Joan staring in disbelief on the floor.

"Guess I'll have to open your asshole since hubby has took care of my bitch for
tonight."  She said smiling.

Joan panicked.

She tried to get up and run with her hands still tied behind but didn't make it
too far before she felt Kit grabbing her hair in back and pushing her face down
to the floor below.

"No, please.  I'll do anything.  Please don't do that."  She yelled.

"Hush white girl or I'll shove this thing in your shit hole in one push." Kit
yelled from behind.  "Open that ass.  Here comes blacky."

Joan felt the tip of the black dildo at her ass entrance and then her asshole
being stretched by the monster trying to get inside.  She tried to tighten her
ass muscles but Kit was only pushing harder as it popped through the entrance
and Joan yelled out in pain.

"Just halfway bitch," Kit yelled.  "You're going to think this is the big turd
ever in your ass when I get it all the way."

Joan tried to move forward but only landed on her stomach as Kit had her hand
around her waist and was now fully on top pushing the dildo deeper and deeper
inside.

"Ahhhhhh, ohhhhh."  She yelled out to deaf ears as it was now fully inserted in
her butt hole.  "I hurts.  Please take it out."

"Sure," said Kit, quickly pulling back half the way and jabbing it back full
force again.

Joan was going wild in pain as she begged to do anything if the girl would
remove it.  She no longer cared about someone hearing as she yelled out in pain
as it plunge in and out her ass.  Even her dripping wet cunt couldn't keep her
asshole from hurting.  Just when she thought she was going to passed out, Kit
slowly removed the monster.

"Maybe I should get diapers for both of them," Kit laughed as Joan just laid
there clinching her ass cheeks trying to get some relief from the pain in her
asshole.  "When you fuck this one, I think you are going to find it too loose to
enjoy much."

Joan couldn't believe the ordeal she had just suffered having her asshole reamed
out by a woman.  She just laid there moaning in agony and humiliation.

"Now that our host and hostess have been properly introduced, I think its time
we enjoy ourselves."  Don exclaimed.

He picked up the crop Kit had left on the table and brought it down hard on
John's ass.  John yelped in pain.

"Crawl around the room on your knees and face worm," he yelled.  "Time for some
entertainment."

John started crawling the best he could as Don and Kit laughed at his plight.

"Ho get on your knees and follow my bitch, unless you what this crop on that
cottontail ass back there."  He yelled at Joan.

Joan still moaning knew she couldn't endure that crop as she slowly got back up
on her knees and tried to crawl behind John.  She could see the red mark on his
ass Don has just laid on it and cum dripping down his asshole in back on the
floor below.

"Clean that floor as you crawl ho."  Don yelled.  "I don't want good cum
wasted."

Joan refused to lick the dripping cum.

Whack, whack.

Joan yelled in pain as Kit had laid several swings of the crop on her sore ass.

"You heard master bitch. Clean that floor."  Kit yelled.

Joan had a hard time leaning forward licking the floor but had plenty of time as
John crawling on his head and knees was extremely slow.  She kept following
cleaning up his mess till it was no longer dripping.  Several times the crop
would land on her sore ass or poor John.  Her knees were raw.

"Come here ho and suck my cock.  I feel like a good ass fucking again."  Don
yelled.

Joan slowly crawled back over to Don.  No longer was she obsessed with the
thought of his huge cock.  It had been in John ass and she knew hers would
probably be next.  She closed her eyes and opened her mouth as the massive organ
entered her oral opening again.  She felt Don hand on the back of her head
pushing her head fully down to take all of his cock and back up again to repeat. 
She could hear John oinking in the background as Kit had gotten on his back and
was riding him calling a worthless dickless pig and beating his ass.  Don cock
was fully inflated in her mouth as she heard the words she had been dreading.

"Turn around and bend over ho."  Don yelled.  "Time to show you a real man
cock."

"Please master fuck my cunt," Joan pleaded assuming the position as commanded. 
Her asshole was still raw from the brutal assault Kit gave it earlier.

She felt a hard slap on her ass as she yelp in pain.

"Ho, I fuck whatever hole I want." Don said.  "Your asshole is so loose, its
worthless right now so your cunt will just have to do."

Joan was relieved at the words only momentarily as the massive cock entered the
entrance to her cunt and started driving inside roughly.  Damn it was big.  Her
cunt had never been stretched that far as she tried to adjust to accommodate the
monster.  At first, it was severe pain but as it lubricated the pain was quickly
become lust as she felt it filling her cunt up completely and she started
pushing back and forth to get it in faster and faster.  She had never felt this
satisfied before as her body responded in lust.  Don was now slapping her ass
cheeks in back.

"Faster ho.  Milk my cock."  He yelled.

Joan didn't have to be told twice as she rocked as fast as she could on his
member nearing her own climax.  She came just as he shot his load deep inside. 
She felt regret as it slowly made its way out wishing he would shove it back
again.

"Bring the bitch over here and have him clean this ho cunt."  Don yelled at Kit
still riding John around on the floor.

Joan remained still as John crawled over as directed and started lapping her
cunt inside and out.  She came again shaking violently on his face.

"Ho who owns your ass now?" Don yelled down at her.

Joan didn't dare to look back as her eyes were lazily from lust and desire.

"My ass is yours master." She said meekly.  "I want to be your white ho master."

Don leaned back in the chair in satisfaction.

"Crawl here and clean my cock."  He commanded.

Joan quickly got up on all fours pushing John face away with her butt and
crawled over engulfing his massive member in one swallow.  She would do anything
he asked if he would only shove it in her cunt again.

Kit had watched in disgust at how easy the white woman had submitted to her
husband demands.

"Come on bitch boy." She demanded.  "Since your wife won't be needing most of
her clothes anymore, I'm going to go through them and find what I want.  You can
have the honor of dressing me."

"Leave some of them for work."  Don yelled at Kit.  "I plan to put this ho to
work next week as the company cum dump."

Joan ignored the comments as she sucked up and down on Don massive cock.

Just a fantasy, how was yours?

Pallidan




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pallidan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





