BDSM Library - Under His Thumb




Under His Thumb
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nubile executive is forced to submit to a client's demands in order to "seal the deal."
Under His Thumb by Nikita

Lindsay Wilson arrived a bit late.  As she struggled to walk upright in her high
heels and a briefcase under her arm, she spilled her coffee on passersby.  Vera,
her assistant, looked up over her reading  glasses, distracted by the commotion.


"Ms. Wilson?  Can I help you with that?"  she asked, and got up to relieve
Lindsay of her briefcase.


"Thanks Vera.  What would I do without you?"


Vera knew the ropes.  She was Lindsay's global positioning system.  A trim and
fit, fifty year old woman who could still turn heads, she wore an updated June
Cleaver hairdo and Coco Chanel style suits.


Lindsay sat in the oversized leather chair and looked out the coveted window in
her office while she lazily sipped her latte.  She lost herself in erotic
reverie.

She visualized herself showcased as a young woman chained to a large metal cage;
her form taut, like a violin string ready to be plucked.  The smell of leather
couches, bouquets of pubic hair on her lips, and spankings, heightened the
musings, and were certainly not meant for the office.  The caffeine kicked in
and real life intruded on her daydream.


"Vera?  Can you order me some lunch?  The usual. Thanks."


Lindsay took lunch in her office to avoid distractions and unnecessary gossip. 
Office politics were stumbling blocks to promising careers at the mere whisper
of impropriety.  Being the only female executive at the firm made her an obvious
target.  Lindsay commanded attention just by her presence and was not
intimidated by the good old boys club.  The fair haired child was an undisputed
success under her boss's wing.  It had been the same situation in college.  The
male students called her teacher's pet, but they all wanted to be her study
buddy.  Lindsay would smirk and tell them to take a number.


"Ms. Wilson?  You have an appointment with Mr. Hertz in five minutes."  reminded
Vera.


Dick Hertz, one of the firm's principals, was a distinguished business man that
wielded a lot of power.  Tall, he had a square build with bulked up arms.
Piercing eyes, punctuated by thick eyebrows tinged with gray, complemented his
dark hair.  Considered a ladies' man by his cronies, Dick Hertz was depraved. 

In college, he was one of a group of rowdy students who loved to initiate brainy
girls to the pleasure of decadent sex through humiliation.  They would take
trophy photos of their conquests, posed on all fours, wearing a dog collar with
a leash held by their master. It wasn't until one of the girls threatened to
press charges that the group disbanded.

When Dick set his eyes on Lindsay, her fate was sealed.  He met her at a college
career fair and was acquainted with her mentor.  She was the smartest young
fluff out of college and he groomed her for a position on his team. It had been
with iron self control that he kept his hands off her.

As Dick ushered Lindsay to his office, he sneaked a look at her magnificent firm
ass.  She was exquisitely feminine.  Dick pushed down a newly sprung hard-on and
began to brief her. He he pined for her like the class president after the
brainiac cheerleader.  His fantasy involved turning her into his little pleasure
slave, complete with collar and leash, licking his balls for attention.  That
vision always gave him a diamond cutter hard-on that men his age would give
their eyeteeth for.


"Lindsay, we have to expose you to some marketing experience to make you a more
rounded executive." Dick said.  "There are several contracts outstanding that
need to be closed in order to meet our bottom line by the end of the year."


"You want me to close some contracts?" she asked, her posture straight.  Dick
turned to smile as he pretended not to notice that puppy dog pose.


Lindsay thought of Dick as a sugar daddy without strings, a father figure.


 His eyes twinkled, "It would be a feather in your cap."


Lindsay didn't need any inducement to please him.  She was his protege and Dick
played on this.  He was an extremely sharp judge of character, and counted on
manipulating her into submission.


"Your first client is a a tough nut to crack, a real piece of work."  he said,
tossing a dossier on Loren Leslie into her lap.   "He's a well known commercial
developer based in Boston. "

Lindsay read between the lines. Of the challenges she'd faced so far,  forging a
relationship with a complete stranger in order to sign a contract, was a tall
order to fill.


"Got any tips sir?"  she asked.


As her eyes examined the dossier, she focused on fulfilling the job's
objectives, with no holds barred.


"You're a smart cookie, Lindsay.  Use your pluck to find his weak spot, then
pounce." he smiled.


Dick and Loren Leslie were college rowdies together.  Briefed on Lindsay's visit
for the set up, Leslie drooled at the prospect.  The two men had often exchanged
proteges and assistants for entertainment without the young women's knowledge. 
Having played this self satisfying game for many years, they could have written
a How To Blackmail Your Assistant Guide for other executives. 

Camcorders were hidden in their offices to capture every sordid detail.  Each
couldn't risk molesting one of their own employees, so they traded victims and
shared the videos with colleagues and clients in their super deluxe home
theaters.

***********************

Loren Leslie specialized in building office parks for technical firms.  The
dossier painted him an arrogant, pompous, and eccentric man.  He was paunchy
with large facial features.  In his late sixties, he was divorced and had
grandchildren.  Although known to flog his underlings in front of co-workers for
costly mistakes or bad decisions, these employees never quit or filed charges
because they were well compensated.  Leslie was like an old school bully who'd
been an enforcer in kindergarten. 

Lindsay memorized quirks and little tidbits like his penchant for antique
equestrian accessories, especially crops and whips.  She rubbed her ass when she
saw the word "crops."

A vision in a black power suit, Lindsay clutched her briefcase as she waited
outside Mr. Leslie's office.  She'd been  shivering throughout the cool and
rainy morning and the smell of coffee warmed her up.  Taking out her compact for
a lipstick check, she tried to tame the tendrils that flew about her face.


"Ms. Wilson?"


The cultivated voice sounded like maple syrup on nails.  From the side, he had
the profile of Alfred Hitchcock, right down to sandbag eyes and pouty lower lip. 
He stood in the doorway and waited impatiently for her to be quick about it.


He cleared his throat,  "Ahem."


Lindsay noticed his polite impatience and smiled as she firmly shook his hand.


"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Leslie,"  she smiled demurely as he ushered her into
the inner sanctum.


"I understand you are Dick's new protege." he said nasally, "Sit down, please."


Leslie pointed to a chair for her to sit.  He stood behind his desk and expected
the usual schoolgirl suck up to the teacher look and  fancy pants act.  Instead
he observed the calm, cool, demeanor of a young woman who couldn't stoop so low.  
She piqued his interest.  Leslie decided to toy with her further and asked about
her past projects.  Nodding with attention, he listened to her modestly describe
her last four projects, two of them while still an undergrad at Tech.


"I'm a Harvard man, myself, got my masters at MIT,"  he continued in his arched
Bostonian accent with the affect of trying to impress the wispy young woman.


Lindsay gave him a brief smile and nodded, "Of course, sir."


Deftly changing the subject, she showed interest in the colorful collage of
plaid blankets opposite his desk.  He followed her gaze, pleased to see she
recognized tartans.  He took this opportunity to wax poetic about his family's
Scottish roots and pointed out the Leslie family crest.

Stifling the urge to smile, Lindsay turned to view his fine collection of
antique leather crops, whips, and strops, artfully arranged on a long wall above
a heavy mahogany credenza.  She was awed by expanse of the exhibit. 
Impulsively, she reached up to run her fingers along a well used riding crop. 
Leslie grinned wryly.  He noticed her eyes luster as she touched the leather.


"Mr. Leslie, do you ride?"  she murmured.

"Every chance I get." he responded, his chest puffing out like a peacock.

Using this as an opportunity to pounce, Lindsay inched closer to him and asked, 
"Can we seal the deal for the upcoming project?"

Leslie was disarmed by her directness.  She's good, he thought, real good. Dick
had thrown him a gauntlet, a challenging female.  But for now, he wanted to play
a little more cat and mouse.  Rubbing his balding gray pate, he stalled for
time, not wanting to give up so soon.  As he circled the room he chose his words
carefully.


"Well, I. . .uh. . ." and he looked away.

Lindsay looked at him quizzically, expecting an answer.

"I need a little...mm...incentive?" he said with an arched eyebrow.


Leslie walked to the wall with the leather collection. For the first time that
day, his eyes twinkled nastily.  She instantly read his mind and her puss
quivered at the prospect.  Cooly, she walked over and looked the crops over.


"Which one?"  he asked.

"Your choice." she smiled, her knees weak.


The corner of his mouth curled in a wicket smile.  "Ms. Wilson, is your
incentive offer genuine?"


"It is Mr Leslie." she said, blushing from head to toe.


Lindsay trembled at the thought of being whipped, but they had reached an
agreement.  Business is business.  It's the bottom line that counts.

Being at the mercy of an old man who manipulated her into this position was
repulsive.  His cock sprung in anticipation as he raced to click the latch.  She
felt his hands undo the button on her skirt and pull the zipper down, so that
the skirt gathered around her ankles.  Lindsay never expected he was going to
spank her with her panties down.  She hesitated.


"Go on," he snapped impatiently, as he motioned for her to remove her pantyhose.

Silently, she cursed him.

"These have to go, too," he said, cutting her panties off with his pocketknife.


Humiliation sprung like tiny beads of sweat as Lindsay felt the cool air on
naked slit.


"Please bend over the desk, my dear.  No, no, a little further to the left." he
said politely, moving her this way and that to capture the action on the
camcorder.


She assumed the position and rested her arms on the cool, polished wood; her
impudent butt laid bare, ready to receive the strokes. 

From behind, Leslie admired her ass and the soft, smooth petals of her girlish
lips.  Evident that she had been recently strapped, he was intoxicated at the
sight.


"Beautiful." he mumbled as he caressed the luminous orbs.


His cold hand firmly spread her cheeks and he forced a gnarled finger in the
grommet.  She inhaled sharply and gritted her teeth.  Finding resistance, he
licked his finger to moisten it and worked it in to the first knuckle.  She
yelped in protest.  He delighted a the prospect of a rectal invasion in the near
future, but for now, she had amnesty.  Her breath deepened and her slit became
slithery.  She sighed relief when the finger was removed.  Distressed he'd
change his mind and try to fuck her, she turned her head to see he'd picked the
most fearsome whip to employ for the task at hand.


"But, Mr. Leslie, please.  I won't be able to sit for days."

He ignored her and swished the flogger.

"Ms. Wilson, we both have no doubt about the pleasure of sensual flagellation
that's about to take place.  It might excite us to the point where we might lose
our reserve."  he said, bemused.


Leslie was right and she braced herself for the beating she knew would bring her
to debase herself further.  He stood behind her, massive and looming, with a
bulge in the front of his trousers that betrayed his excitement.


"Ten is the traditional number, don't you agree?"


Lindsay nodded just as the first blow struck her luscious apple bottom across
the crack.  A shout shattered his concentrated efforts.


"Now, now, we can't have any of that." he said critically.  "You only have nine
more to go."


The next few strokes and she relinquished her struggle to a submissive state of
bliss and her sense of shame and exposure only served to enhance the experience
. As Leslie counted the strokes, the stings became less painful and a numbing
warmth spread across her bum.  Her mind, now liberated from the pain,
substituted pleasure.  She was sad when the beating ended.

His glinted glasses gleamed with steam.  His chest heaved with exertion. He
removed his jacket and loosened his belt.


"I knew it would come to this," he said, as he shrugged his shoulders with
resignation.  He stood in front of her with expectation.


Lindsay gently squeezed his pants to find  a handful of large genitals.


"Yes" he hissed.


She knelt and slowly unzipped his pants.  Lindsay watched his face while her
fingers caressed his stubby stick.  Although it bloomed to a full blown hard-on,
there was a lot of skin to stroke.  The loathsome sight of the dirty old man's
genitals was arousing and had an erotic impact on her.  It was only then she
realized she was going to enjoy it whether she wanted to or not.  He sank
languidly into his chair, his cock waving from his fly.


"This is going to take awhile young lady and call me Sir while you do it." he
said.

"Yes sir,"  she replied meekly and rolled her eyes.


Amused that his face was red with passion, Lindsay curled her finger and thumb
against his mast and tugged it while fondling his wrinkled balls.  His cock
throbbed as he stared at her marbled bottom.

Leslie unleashed her breasts and twisted her nipples.  Mewling as he molested
her breasts, she stopped to wrest his signature on the contract.

Instead, he took her by the nape of her neck and pushed her head to meet his
dick.  Lindsay helplessly jerked away, but to no avail.  It was inevitable. She
had to suck him.

His cock was shiny, red, and taut.  Taking the tip into her mouth, she licked
the seam along its back until her lips reached the bottom of his ball sack.  She
gagged as the swollen shaft reached insistently for her throat.  It was hard for
her to move back and forth with her neck so tightly restrained.  He enjoyed her
discomfort as he held her firmly.

Moving expertly along the length of his cock, she flicked around the corona.  As
the pungent musk of the squirming worm increased her ardor, the wet, slippery
sounds of fellatio permeated the room.  She felt his cock pulse.  Leslie growled
as he pulled out the pulsing rod and spurted sticky jism on her pretty face.

Lindsay's face had the expression of someone caught between heaven and hell. 
She teetered on the edge of a crest.  Lindsay looked up at him with pleading
eyes for a sign of recognition that her fires were burning hot.  Straddling his
shoe without permission, she wrapped her arms around his leg and felt the warmth
and strength of him. Her nether lips opened like a flower.  Lindsay moaned with
the intense surge of lust that raced through her body.

She rocked her hips against his boot and made the leather slick.  Her eyes were
tightly shut when the familiar rush hit her.  She clutched his leg for balance
and ground her bud onto the tip of his shoe.  Lightning bolts filled her head as
she exploded.  She thrust again and again until her pussy was raw, then,
exhausted, she fell across his lap.  He patted her on the head, lowered her
shivering body gently to the floor, and waited for her revival.

Lindsay managed to conceal revulsion at the coats of cum all over her face. 
Then, taking care of business, she thoroughly licked his dick and balls clean
and put them humbly back in his pants.


"You look very lovely on your knees, Ms. Wilson."


With fire in her eyes, she firmly grabbed his balls and said "Sign!"


Before he could pull up his zipper, his John Hancock was on the dotted line.


"Let's do some business again, shall we?" he said as if nothing had occurred.


Lindsay nodded, disturbed that she thoroughly enjoyed the rough treatment from a
complete stranger for a signature. He smiled at her embarrassment and winked at
the camcorder.


Note from author:  Thanks for reading.  Let me know if you liked this story.  It
will encourage me to write some more.










The only thing louder than the sound of slurping was the heavy breathing. �Bent in an awkward position over Leslie's crotch was the elegant form of a woman with a heart shaped bottom. �Her hair cascaded over her face.

Two suits were vigorously pumping themselves into a lather. �The young woman on the screen rode Leslie's boot like an equestrienne. �The sight was just too much for the Viagra challenged executives. �Accompanied by strangled grunts, anemic jets of fluid streamed across the theater seats. �Once recovered, they lit the customary Cohibas and imbibed a glass of port as they contemplated the video clip of Lindsay Wilson, Protege of the Month.

The private media center was used to screen collections of clips that featured denigrated, nubile innocents, privately 'recruited' for the few, the powerful, and the well-heeled. �The organization was called Sanspeur. �Dick Hertz, Loren Leslie, and the other members of the Sanspeur shuffled morsels of young female pulchritude among themselves until they were no longer useful.

"She really wasn't that much of a challenge," panned Leslie, "If only she'd try to bolt from the room. �At least the minx would have been a treat to tackle and gag. �And I was so ready."

"I have to raise the bar on Miss Goody Two Shoes, who happened to ENJOY the crop!" complained Dick, staring dejectedly at the screen. "What a waste."

"It wasn't a TOTAL waste," Leslie chimed, as a smile curled on his lips.

"You bastard." said Dick with envy.

"Send her to Armstrong." prompted Leslie in his arched New England accent.

The silence was deafening as both men contemplated the suggestion.

"I don't know," hedged Dick. �"He totally destroyed Jenna, not to mention cute, little Amy, who had to be put down."

Leslie nodded in agreement, "Yes, that was unfortunate."

"However," �Dick's eyes sparkled with inspiration, "One of us could be there to oversee the breaking."

"Yes, yes...and I suppose it should be you. �At least I got a crack at her first," baited Leslie as he sounded even more annoying.


Armstrong

Armstrong was his only name. �People in certain circles trembled when they heard it. �Well connected and owned by no one, he had the Sanspeur by the short hairs. �Armstrong was the Janus of their world, where perversion was a prerequisite. �Tall and raw boned, he resembled Nick Nolte on dress up day. �His shock of white blond hair, worn a little too wild for a man of his stature, was gathered in a ponytail at the back of his neck. �His face was a combination of a hopeless romantic cloaked with the coldness of Hannibal Lecter. �This anomaly gave him an edge in seduction and collaring, a challenge he enjoyed.

He had gotten his feet wet in London where he became deeply involved in underbelly of BDSM. �Over the years, he developed new techniques and fine tuned old ones. �This was how he made a name for himself as an international slave trainer.

Worn down by a life, he was ready to retire at the ripe young age of sixty. �As word got out about his impending retirement, the members of the Sanspeur made him an offer he couldn't refuse, which, to this day, remains classified.

He had autonomy to run the new training facility and hand picked staff. �Special people did this kind of work, people who had been trained and were loyal to Armstrong. �Truth be told, Armstrong was not without failure. �In the past, several employees misused their authority and caused damage to inventory. �Once discovered, appropriate measures were taken so that they fulfilled the damaged inventory's service themselves or die.

The Lindsay clip was sent to Armstrong who agreed to make the ingenue suitable for their purposes. �Lindsay would be snatched without prior notice to the Sanspeur, for obvious reasons. � No interference with Armstrong was allowed once the wheels were set in motion.


Monday, Monday

Lindsay writhed with cries and twisted sobs as she reached her long denied crisis. �She was lost in space riding Dick for all she was worth while a naked Loren Leslie painted her backside with thin red lines. �Her breasts were firm handles for Dick to hold on to while she rode him to oblivion. �Leslie's shrunken balls were in sharp contrast to the flagpole he sported. �He flicked a horsewhip at the bitch's back with expertise while he impatiently waited his turn. �The permutations, highly charged, infused the sadistic lust of the participants. �She was left pulsing and sated. �As sweat dripped off her back and a light mist settled in between her breasts, she drifted off on a cloud.

The music alarm clock awakened her to the sounds of Edwyn Collins' "I Never Met a Girl Like You Before." �Prompted to hum along, Lindsay stretched like a just-roused cat and rolled out of bed. �She checked her pussy's dampness and jumped into the shower to wash away remnants of her dream.

Freshly showered and smelling like a newborn, Lindsay was faced the usual female dilemma, what to wear. �Her closet was outfitted with a limited but stylish wardrobe, mostly geared for work. �She settled on a Jackie O style Chanel suit. �It was her favorite. �The persimmon and chocolate colors of the boucle complemented her coloring. �She contemplated the outfit she wore to Loren Leslie's office. �It triggered the memory of her prone figure being kissed by the crop and she felt fluttery back flips in her stomach. �She reached instinctively for her backside and smiled. �Slut. �She had enjoyed every damn degrading bit of it.

Running late as usual, she missed the train today. �As she scampered to the lobby of her apartment building, a doorman hailed her last cab.


Snatched

Inside a van, two men who had been tracking Lindsay shook their heads. �She appeared to be a creature of habit and relatively easy to snatch.

"It's almost like kidnapping a baby for crissakes," said Neal. �"She's easy prey for a mugger."

Neal was an apprentice trainer under one of Armstrong's long time trackers.

"Don't get all soft on me. �It's just cargo." warned Kiffer as he scanned the crowd for the perfect moment to nab her.

The cab dropped her off near the office. �She was going to grab her usual cup of joe and muffin that she lived on for most of the day. �As the sylph spilled out of the cab, she balanced perfectly on pencil thin stilettos.

"How does she walk in those things," questioned Neal with awe.

"Now," commanded Kiffer, jumping out of the van.

Suddenly, Lindsay was flanked by the men and dissolved into the crowd like melted ice cream on a hot day.

Cell phone in hand, Neal whispered the words, "Cargo is in receipt. �Repeat. �Cargo is in receipt, over."

The last thing she would remember was the pin prick.


She's Missing?

"Vera? �Can you send Lindsay in, please?" asked Dick.

"She's not in yet Mr. Hertz."

He looked at his watch. �She was an hour late. �Dick blanched. �She'd been snatched and the plan's been set in motion. �There was no turning back now. �He grabbed the phone.

"It's on."


At First Blush

Her Chanel suit was removed and underwear cut off. �It was a shame, too, for it was Cosabella finery. �For shits and grins, they left her pencil thin stilettos on. �The long ride back would be a little prettier. �Blissfully unconscious, Lindsay didn't suffer the pain and humiliation of being stripped and tied. �Drool puddled under her chin. �Her body was bound into a pretzel. �It was unnecessary because she was not expected to stir for hours. �As the van sped along the deserted highway, the trees looked like discarded matchsticks backlit by the evening sun.

The training compound looked like a Federal style house from the outside. �Lindsay slept as the van approached the wisteria laden porte-cochere.

She was lifted out and carried to the keeping area where Armstrong was waiting.

"Put her in the cage," said he without looking up. �He was reviewing a file folder, making notes, and marking up the margins.

Kiffer lifted the parcel of curves and bones that was Lindsay. �She hadn't budged since the snatching. �He placed her in the suspended birdcage.

"Wake her up." said Armstrong, shaking his leg impatiently.

He watched Kiffer inject her with a shot of adrenaline. The world came spinning down with a hammer slam. �As she jerked, her lungs sucked air and words couldn't form in her mouth. �Her eyes appeared dilated and unfocused. �Kiffer looked at Armstrong anxiously and waited for the order to call the infirmary. �Armstrong waved him down, as if allay his concern.

"The is a new method for bringing cargo back to earth. Relax," he said.

After a few minutes of sputtered choking, Lindsay whimpered.

Placidly, Armstrong conferred with Kiffer as if she wasn't there. �As her lucidity returned, her eyes scanned the room, windows, and the door of the cage. �She pushed the cage door and it squeaked like a rusty hinge. �Lindsay lunged out of the cage only to be trapped by the stilettos caught on the metal grates. �Mewling like a wounded animal, she fell half in and half out of the cage. �After they struggled to untangle her, Armstrong helped Kiffer tether the rebellious captive to the intake chair.

"This little bitch needs a little more convincing that she's not in charge anymore. �She's made intake harder than it should be." complained Armstrong as he handed the gag to Kiffer.

"Why didn't you follow procedure and drive home that point on the ride back?" he chided.

"Um..we had to sedate her immediately. �Taken in broad daylight, any resistance would have brought too much attention." offered Kiffer lamely.

"See to it." Armstrong huffed as he walked out.

Kiffer surveyed the situation and pulled out the compliance kit.

"Neal," he called into his walkie talkie.


Lindsay's Shocking Experience

The Intake Chair was a custom piece Armstrong had commissioned. �Outfitted with hooks, rings, restraint bars that were adjustable, the chair was an invaluable tool. �The restraint set up for Lindsay resembled the letter T. �Her head was pressed into the back of the chair and her neck fastened to the crossbar, leaving her immobile from the neck up. �Her waist, wrists and ankles were secured to the frame with velcro straps. �She looked like a pinned butterfly. �Tears sprung from fear and frustration as the nubile executive, reduced to a naked, bound captive, tried shake herself loose. �She used whatever energy she had left to push against the bindings, but to no avail. �Lindsay prayed for this to be a bad dream.

Kiffer approached as Neal looked on, "Look at their eyes when they are told they are nothing but holes."

Sure enough, her eyes opened up to the size of saucers, for it was not just the statement Kiffer made, but the work table with metal instruments that he rolled over to her. �The shiny, stainless steel tray, spotless and antiseptic, contained an assortment of clamps, pincers, and other items that were foreign to her. �Below the tray was a metal box with dials, knobs, and wires. �This left no doubt that the outcome of this situation would be grim.

As he reached for the wires coming out of the electrical box, Kiffer explained how to use the equipment.

"See the tiny teeth in these clamps? �They don't cause permanent damage but they grip the skin effectively. �The wires at the end lead to the box that controls the amperage. �What's that, you may ask. �Amperage is the strength of the electrical current discharged through the clamps. �Yep, we are going to attach these babies to her nips. �Won't that be fun." he said as he tested the 'hot' clamps on his finger.

Neal grabbed Lindsay's right breast to hold still for the clamp. �Throwing Neal daggers with her eyes, she jerked and complained behind the gag. �Kiffer pinched the areole between his thumb and forefinger and applied the implement. �Neal energetically stepped to the other side of the chair to tweaked the left nipple for the other clamp. �Her torso moved like a cobra as the pincers had firm hold of her nipples. �While Lindsay struggled to adjust to the pinching of the clamps, Kiffer turned the power dial to its lowest setting. �She stopped squirming as a slight tingling teased her nipples. �He turned it up a notch and the result was amazing. �As her fingernails dug into the armrest, her toes curled up and stayed that way until the zap was over. �She struggled to catch her breath like a woman between pushes in labor. �This went on for about five minutes until her head fell forward, exhausted into oblivion. �They quickly removed the clamps and Kiffer checked her heart with a stereoscope. �He grabbed a bucket of cold water and splashed her. �Jolted awake, she was dazed and confused.

As Kiffer made notes, Neal circled Lindsay like a tiger, his hardon tented his pants. �Kiffer laughed. �He sported one too.

"Call the boys, it's baptism time."

Neal pulled out his cell phone and called all available staff to the intake room. �In no time, the men took their usual positions in front of the chair. �They pulled down their pants, aimed their dicks in Lindsay's direction and christened her into a life of submission. �She shut her eyes to protect them from the biting spray of urine as they laughed and called her a piss-mop.


Author's note: �Patience. �Please don't be annoyed with me. �I'm polishing up the next chapter. �Don't want to spill the beans all at once. �(Smile!)









Under His Thumb Chapter 3 by Nikita � 2006





~Cueball~



A tall, beautiful woman stood naked in front of Lindsay with a notebook in hand.&nbsp; Her posture was perfect.&nbsp; Long muscular were legs spread about a foot apart while her hands held a clipboard behind her back.&nbsp; A stainless steel collar elongated her neck and accentuated the bald head.&nbsp; Rings in her nipples and labia complemented the look.&nbsp; Armstrong led her in by a leash that he hooked on the wall next to Lindsay.



"This is Cueball and she is mine to use and abuse.&nbsp; It's not her fault she is here, but that isn't the point. She is used in all manners as you will be as well."&nbsp; 



"Tell her about yourself before," he instructed her.



On command, Cueball, her lips huge, as if stung by bees, spoke without emotion or hesitation.



"I was Angie Page, a free woman, and a virgin in every sense.&nbsp; My family had social standing and my place in the world was secure.&nbsp; Norman Page, my grandfather and one of the Sanspeur founders, misplaced some funds.&nbsp; His restitution was me."



"What are you now?"&nbsp; smiled Armstrong.



Cueball's cerulean blue eyes, which added to her ethereal beauty, met Lindsay's, "I am nineteen years old."



She hesitated.&nbsp; "And..." he prodded.&nbsp; The whip in his hand cracked her flanks.&nbsp; Lindsay flinched.&nbsp; "Yours to do with whatever you will," she finished.





"I'm sure you have a lot of questions.&nbsp; Save them for later.&nbsp; Cueball is here to interview you.&nbsp; Cooperate fully or else," said Armstrong as he walked out the door.



Lindsay was pissy, but knew better than to open her mouth.&nbsp; About to complain about the smell from the baptism, she figured if they could stand it, so could she.



Cueball watched her face as questions were asked and answered.&nbsp; Although she tried not to stare, Lindsay cooperated to a certain degree.&nbsp; Some of the questions about her masturbation habits and fantasies were answered with lies.&nbsp; But, they expected that.&nbsp; 



The questions were engineered to provide an opening for ongoing monologue on topics that touched on Lindsay's deepest fears and vulnerabilities.



The interview went on for three hours with a break for Cueball every 30 minutes.&nbsp; When it was over, Lindsay was drained from talking and desperately needed to relieve herself.



"I need to pee." she said.



Cueball looked at her with indifference.



"Did you hear me?&nbsp; My bladder is about to burst," said Lindsay desperately.



"Hold it." said Cueball.



"If you don't let me go to the bathroom, I'm going to pee right here." she threatened.



A voice boomed "Do it."



She recognized the voice. Struggling against her bonds, Lindsay was desperate and angry.&nbsp; 



"Your eyes look a little yellow, Princess.&nbsp; If ya gotta pee, do it," said an amused Kiffer as he walked in. 



"Armstrong wants you in his office," Kiffer said to Cueball, who quickly left. 



Lindsay let go of a few drops, but looked away at the last minute.



He grabbed her by the hair on top of her head and said, "Finish.&nbsp; Look in my eyes while you do it."



She closed her eyes and started to release the water.&nbsp; 



He jerked her head again, grabbed her chin, and made her look at him, "Pee...now."



Tears of humiliation and relief ran down her face.&nbsp; The splashing sound added to her shame.&nbsp; It took a a minute for her bladder to empty.&nbsp; 



"And now for your first lesson," he said as his pulse quickened in his throat.



He released the hold on her hair and fastened her wrists to a beam high above her head, the ropes digging into her wrists.&nbsp; Standing on her toes, she was taut as a steel cable, like a guitar string, ready to be plucked. 



"Ow, ow, ow, ow," she instinctively complained and watched as he removed something from his belt.



Kiffer was a sadist.&nbsp; He liked dispensing pain on their helpless bodies, not just because of the training methods, but all the things that lead up to it, and finally, the satisfaction of the owners that followed.



Without any preamble, he started swinging the thick leather strop repeatedly and relentlessly.&nbsp; Her body rocked and swung like a pendulum as he struck her bum, back, and thighs.



Lindsay screamed in agony and when her screams seemed to fade, Kiffer picked up the cane.&nbsp; He ran the tip of the cane over her hard nipples.&nbsp; With all her athleticism and beauty, he toyed with her, lifting and tapping various parts of her body with the cane, making painfully obvious her helplessness.&nbsp; He slid it down to her dripping pussy, where he dipped the tip inside and brought it up to his lips to lick.



Her eyes were chasms to her soul and the hapless girl eventually succumbed.&nbsp; He masturbated her with his hand and alternated with the pain of the cane.&nbsp; Each time he brought her close to cumming, he'd crack the cane on her breasts.&nbsp; The cycle of pleasure/pain was interminable.&nbsp; She was driven close to madness until, finally, she was allowed to cum. 



It was time for her to rest in her new quarters.&nbsp; As Kiffer took her down from the beam, Neal came in to support her while she was fettered.



"You will be beaten, often, and for no particular reason other than you are there to be beaten," he lectured.



She cowered as his hands moved to check the hobble.&nbsp; 



Drenched in sweat, Kiffer handed her over to Neal, "Take her."



Lindsay stumbled as Neal held onto her hair as a handle.&nbsp; They had gone a hundred feet or so and he stopped to see if the coast was clear.&nbsp; He pushed Lindsay down to her knees and fed her his cock.



"This lesson will be enforced regularly,"&nbsp; Neal mumbled in low, guttural tones as he watched the tear filled face deep throat his cock.&nbsp; His hips slowly rocked into her head in a syncopated rhythm.&nbsp; It wasn't just the fly on the wall who was witness to the fettered young woman on her knees, being forced to swallow her captor in complete subjugation.



~The Webcam Effect~



Clips of Lindsay were sent to Loren Leslie via cyberspace.&nbsp; He watched them over and over while he fondled his dick with the remnants of her panties that he kept from their first meeting.&nbsp; Covered in cum, Lindsay was still a dish.&nbsp; He laughed wickedly as a string of goo blocked one of her nostrils.&nbsp; God he loved humiliated young women, especially those who seemed to walk on water before they drowned.





~Later~



A sleep deprived Lindsay was chained to the wall by her collar, arms bound above her, and her thighs splayed with a spreader bar.&nbsp; Pornography on the flat screen tv played continuously.&nbsp; She was naked save for a chastity belt that housed a computer climax control chip.&nbsp; The chip was designed to emit a controlled vibration until she reached the point of orgasm, then it would stop.&nbsp; The cycle of torture, meant to keep her in a constant state of arousal, was continuous.&nbsp; The trilling of her pussy rendered her willing to do anything just to be able to cum.



At Dick's insistence, Armstrong allowed his secretary, Vera, to observe Lindsay's progress.&nbsp; Armstrong liked Vera.&nbsp; She was level headed, no nonsense, and dependable.&nbsp; He was always trying to hire her away from Dick and figured that someday, she'd see it his way.



"You are getting more exposure," teased Vera.&nbsp; "I read your interview in this month's DOM Training News.&nbsp; And here I thought you were shy."



He reddened a bit and she noticed.&nbsp; He turned up the sound on the monitor and they heard Lindsay's desperate cries.



"She looks a little weak.&nbsp; Have you fed her yet?" she asked.&nbsp; "And why is only one of her eyes open?&nbsp; Is that dried cum on her face?"



"Neal fed her," he smirked. "Wanna see?"



Vera rolled her eyes, "No, not really."



As she examined the paperwork and photos, she remarked, "She does have the makings of a true slut.&nbsp; I told Dick that the minute I saw her."



"She's not bad.&nbsp; In fact, she's easier than I thought she'd be." he admitted, "I wish they'd let me do more to her."



"Tsk, tsk..." admonished Vera.&nbsp; "There is a lot of Dick riding on this one.&nbsp; Let her be."&nbsp; And she smiled at her pun.



Meanwhile, he had other whores to train and sell, and the day was getting shorter.&nbsp; 



Before he left, Armstrong pulled out his cellphone and said, "Send in cleanup.&nbsp; Tell them their asses will be in a sling if they don't stay on top of their game."





Lindsay's eye was caked shut with dried sperm and the rest of her face felt like she had a clay masque.&nbsp; Kiffer couldn't stand to look at her and hastened the cleanup crew to come with hoses, soap, and a first aid kit.&nbsp; 



The curled up ball of cum deprived slut flesh was oblivious to the sudden burst of activity in the room.&nbsp; A blast of cold water from the hose took her breath away and she shook and cried at the same time.&nbsp; They took no notice.&nbsp; It happened all the time.



They used soap and a wash rag to soften the crusted cum enough to scrub it off.&nbsp; They gave her a peanut butter sandwich, a glass of milk, and a toothbrush.&nbsp; 



When they were done, Lindsay's skin was shiny and pink and her wet hair was bound it up in a high ponytail.&nbsp; They even put Visine in her eyes to reduce the redness. She was almost as pretty as a picture.&nbsp; Kiffer turned to the closed circuit tv and asked a question with his eyes. 



Through the loudspeaker came the word "Yes."











Under His Thumb Ch. 4 by Nikita � 2006





The Piercing



Kiffer, accompanied by Neal, took Lindsay to an examination room.&nbsp; On one wall, there was a collage of enema bags in every shape and color, each hanging on its own hook.&nbsp; The counter top had an open box of latex gloves, electric paddles, stainless steel speculums in an array of sizes, and a tray of smaller instruments resting on a metal cart.&nbsp; Fear gripped her and she broke away, but stumbled.&nbsp; Rolling his eyes to the heavens, Kiffer picked her up and threw her over his shoulder.



"Get used to the idea that you are not Lindsay Wilson anymore," he said quietly while she cried silently.&nbsp; "Your owners will have the pleasure of naming you whatever they want. But for now, your name is cumslut."



Kiffer and Neal laughed uproariously as they teased, "Would you like cream with your tea, Princess, or is it cumslut?" 



"Owners?"&nbsp; She spoke without thinking, immediately regretting it.



"Oh.&nbsp; You don't know.&nbsp; Well, let's keep it that way," he said quickly as he nodded to Neal for assistance.&nbsp; 



She was placed in a chair outfitted with hooks and rings that made possible any permutation of restraint.&nbsp; Lindsay's head was locked in place with a band around her forehead.&nbsp; Wide belts fastened her torso and thighs to the padded chair back.&nbsp; Talons of fear gripped her stomach as she remembered the last time she was in a chair like this.



Kiffer observed her tension said, "Relax Princess, you are getting new jewelry today.&nbsp; If you tense up too much, you'll fuck it up."



The vibrating chastity belt kept her off kilter and whatever energy she had left to push against the bindings, had drained out of her.&nbsp;&nbsp; She closed her eyes and prayed once more for this to be a bad dream.



They picked through a box of metal fittings and stopped when&nbsp; Kiffer settled on a pair of stainless steel rings, 20mm.



"These are a bit heavier than what we normally use, but, they're more user friendly."&nbsp; Neal cracked up.



Lindsay listened with horror but her pussy was wet with arousal and the vibration stopped.



"Oh, scared, are we?&nbsp; Is that why your metal panties stopped humming?" they mocked.



The bastards put a ball gag on her.&nbsp; She hated with every fiber of her being.&nbsp; The belt started vibrating again as her arousal level dropped.&nbsp; Her brain cells were turning into a shaken martini.



"Neal, get those rubber tipped forceps off the tray, I'll show you how to pierce nipples," he said.&nbsp; "Looks like you won't have to coax those little nubs into getting hard."



She closed her eyes, felt the pinch as it pulled her nipple away from the chest wall.&nbsp; 



"And now, a little prick..." 



As the needle punctured the nipple, and the heavy rings were threaded through, the nipples were doused with antiseptic and iced. 



Vera walked into the room to check in on them just as they were finishing up.&nbsp; 



"Her pussy," she pointed.



Kiffer looked at her quizzically.&nbsp; 



"The lacings...pierce her for the lacings!" Vera said impatiently as she sat down, "And I'll watch, if you don't mind."



As her chastity belt was removed, she was bathed with warm soapy water and dried. 



Vera picked out eight small rings from the box, four for each labia.&nbsp; The stimulation of her pussy made the lips swollen, thus easier to mark for even spacing and then, pierce.&nbsp; When the rings were inserted, the three of them stood back to admire the newly pierced slave.



"Get the ice." Versa said to Neal.





A few hours later, as Lindsay was coming out of her fog, Vera was seated next to her and patted her thigh, "There, there, Lindsay.&nbsp; Everything will be all right.&nbsp; You look delicious for a cumslut, by the way." 



She had been freed of her bondage and felt the rings in her breasts along with the incredible searing pain on her pussy lips.&nbsp; And she remembered.



Vera, her stalwart assistant, was heavily made up with dark eyes and garish red lipstick. Her June Cleaver hair was a spiked up updo.&nbsp; Black boots, latex pants, and a tight leather jacket, left no doubt who the boss was now.



"You look hungry dear.&nbsp; The only thing on the menu today is tuna," said Vera as she spread her thighs.&nbsp; 



She unzipped the center seam&nbsp; of her crotch and exposed a patch of lush curls, "On your knees girly. Lunch is served."



Vera forced her to her knees.&nbsp; Lindsay never dived into muff before, but, reluctantly, she did it.&nbsp; Her tongue flicked at the protruded clit, discovered that it wasn't so bad.&nbsp; She became a little more daring and pushed further into the folds of the furry target.&nbsp; Vera giggled at Lindsay's awkward attempt to please her and stroked the bobbing head. 



"Come on baby, you can lick harder than that.&nbsp; Flatten that tongue, then make it pointy again.&nbsp; Suck the lips and gently bite them, then, blow," she cooed.&nbsp; Judging from Vera's moans, Lindsay knew she was doing something right, so she dug in with renewed enthusiasm and began to strum her clit to orgasm.



Though her cunt lips were newly pierced, she was dripping juices.&nbsp; Like an angel of mercy, Cueball appeared behind the unsuspecting girl, stuck her tongue into the needy pussy, and licked her with great relish.&nbsp; Lindsay's was singing stifled cries of release into Vera's cunt.



"What a good slave sister you are, and hungry for the cuntling, aren't you?&nbsp; Carry on," she instructed the bald whore.



Lindsay half listened to Vera and pushed back as if Cueball was a scratching post.&nbsp; She was lost between Vera's legs, mewling and screaming in a half crazed way.



Vera, the great director of staged orgasms, savored the sight of the submissive cats at play.&nbsp; As she hunched against Lindsay's screaming mouth, Vera hissed into a squirting climax.





Dick was slumped in his chair with loosened tie and had his pants down around his ankles.&nbsp; His cock was still jerking like a just killed chicken, coating the computer screen with stringy, clotted cum.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nikita


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





