BDSM Library - Joe is trained as a doggy-slave




Joe is trained as a doggy-slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Joe's master trains him as a doggy-slave and takes him to a brutal gangbanging session.



 Converted from "3931_01.txt" on 13-Nov-2005 by AscToHTM 5.0
 
 



Joe is trained as a doggy-slave
by 2NN

Waiting for the man to arrive, Joe is thinking about how much things has
changed since he met him. When they met Joe hadn't been in the least bit
turned on by either breathplay or female footwear. Now Joe prances
around in his home, wearing a pair of six-inch stilettos. He loves the
stilettos now, but he didn't use to. Before he met the man stilettos did
nothing for him, but now they make him terribly horny. The man made him
love stilettos as he made Joe love several things he didn't like before.
The memory of the horrible torture the man subjected Joe to when he
broke Joe and made him his property makes Joe shudder. He will do
anything to avoid torture like that again. He remembers his balls filled
with sharp needles, his balls tortured by blows and electricity,
twisting and kicking. Joe remembers the whips and crops beating him so
badly that it took almost a month for the marks to fade. He remembers
the burning liquids the man forced up Joe's cock and into his bladder,
once more making Joe scream and beg. And finally he remembers breaking,
giving into the man and becoming his property, vowing to do anything for
the man, absolutely anything.

Since that weekend Joe has been the man's property, body and soul.
Although the man lives far away he controls Joe completely and utterly.
The slightest suggestion that he might disobey the man is enough to make
Joe tremble and cry. A stray thought of how life as a free man would be
makes Joe physically ill and the sickness does not pass until he has
told the man of this and received proper punishment for it. The man's
hold over Joe is so total and complete that that he can't even think of
escape. In single weekend of torture he has broken Joe to a degree he
will never, ever escape. So Joe loves his stilettos and he thinks that
they make him look sexy, just as the man has trained him to think. Joe,
however, does not like the chastity device. He doesn't like is one bit.
He can perform all normal functions, but he can't get hard and he can't
do anything about it. The man came by Joe's home unexpectedly on Monday.
Joe was very surprised and very, very happy to see his Master. The man
knew exactly when Joe would be home because Joe now lives according to a
timetable set down by the man: when he eats, when he shits, when he
works, when he works out, what he wears, what he eats, how he eats it,
where he sits, where he sleeps and when he masturbates. Every last
detail of Joe's life is regulated by the man. Nothing is left for Joe to
decide. The man came by on Monday, made Joe blow him, locked Joe's
completely hairless genitals inside the chastity device and left saying
that Joe should be ready for him on Saturday afternoon.

With a shudder that almost makes him wet his pants, Joe remembers how
the man trained him to love breathplay. The plastic bags, sealed with
duct tape at the neck, cutting off his breath while the man played with
Joe's painfully erect cock. He remembers the futile struggling, the
panic and the acute fear of dying blending with fabulous orgasms as the
man gives Joe one fabulous handjob after the other, all timed so that
Joe's orgasm comes only a moment before he looses consciousness. After
several days of this kind of training Joe has become addicted to
breathplay. He knows that each time makes him dumber as the lack of air
damages his brain, but he doesn't care. Not only is he unable to disobey
the man when he strangles Joe, but Joe is also unwilling to fight the
man on this. He has been too well conditioned and now loves is when the
spots appear before his eyes and his muscles start to spasm from lack of
air. Now anything that hinders his breath is a turn-on for him. It is
also one of the few kinds of training that Joe is not allowed to perform
himself. He would love to put a plastic bag over his head every time he
jerks off, but the man has forbidden him to do so and Joe remembers the
long, thick needles penetrating his testicles as the man demonstrates
just how far he is willing to go to punish Joe.

Thinking of breathplay has made Joe enormously horny and he wishes he
could jerk off. But of course this is impossible right now.

Finally the doorbell rings and Joe scampers to the door, his heart
pounding and his cock fighting a loosing battle to break free of its
hateful prison. He opens the door and the second he sees that it is
indeed the man, he falls to his knees, leans forward and kisses the
man's boots as he tries oh-so hard to show what a devoted slave he is.
The man lets him sweat. For several minutes Joe kisses and licks the
man's boots without him saying a single word. Only after Joe has begun
whimpering with nervous agitation does the man speak: "All right you
useless slut. Strip." The door is still open, but the man clearly
doesn't care if the whole world can see that Joe is a useless sissified
slut. Besides it is an order and hesitation will only result in
punishment, so Joe strips as fast as he possibly can. The man has
decreed that Joe wear super tight jeans and a tight little T-shirt at
home and getting the jeans off is quite difficult, but Joe works
quickly, carefully slipping into his six-inch Oxfords again once the
jeans have been discarded.

Before the door closes Joe kneels in front of the man, legs and back
ramrod straight and with his hands behind his head, clearly exposing his
imprisoned sex. The man steps aside so that for a moment the world gets
an unobstructed view of the slave boy. A large man in a tracksuit passes
by and notices Joe, but instead of stopping and such, he merely smiles
knowingly at Joe and continues. Joe's heart nearly stops from
embarrassment at being seen, but at the same time his cock twitches
longingly inside its cage.

Then the man shuts the door and orders Joe to crawl into the living
room. Joe is desperately needy. He is used to cuming 8 times every day,
jerking off at the times and places the man has ordered him to, and now
he has been without an orgasm for 5 full days. In his head a single
sentence repeats itself over and over again, one that he would love say
out loud, but doesn't dare: "Please fuck me, please. Please fuck me,
please. Please fuck me, please&#133;." As he stops on all fours his hopes of
the man fucking him and maybe even letting Joe get off, are briefly
raised as the man lets his hand wander up Joe's backside, caressing him
from his ass to the nape of his neck. A moan of lust escapes Joe. Then
the man takes out his cock and pulls Joe up by his hair and makes him
perform a blowjob. As the man cums, he forces his cock deep down into
Joe's throat, making him gag and fight for his breath.

After releasing Joe and zipping up his pants, the man leaves briefly
only to come back with a duffel bag. The mere sight of it sets Joe's
pulse racing. In this bag the man has carried all the items used to
inflict pain and discomfort on Joe beyond his worst nightmares and
wildest dreams. All the wonderful and dreadful items that have come to
play such a huge role in Joe's life have been taken out of this bag:
stilettos, gags, needles, electric power supplies and cables, plastic
bags and dildos. Even the hated chastity device came out of that duffel
bag. The bag spells trouble and promise and Joe can't wait to see what
comes next.

Joe has some difficulty discerning what the first items are, but he soon
finds out as his hands are sealed inside rubber mittens, pressed into
useless cone-like shapes. The next items make Joe whimper with fearful
lust. It's a pair of stilettos, but far more severe and demanding than
anything Joe has ever worn before. These are a pair of ballet-toed
stiletto boots, with very high heels.

They are at least one size too small and hurt his feet badly even when
he's just kneeling in them as he is now. After the boots come a collar
and after the collar comes a ring-gag that is positively threatening.
The man struggles to insert it, completely ignoring Joe's cries, and
finally with a twist that Joe briefly thinks has dislocated his jaw, the
ring slides into place. Joe is now gaping wider than he ever has before
and he is unable to stop. Then the man pulls out the final items for Joe
to wear. It looks like four heavy-duty rubber bags, two large and two
slightly smaller. Joe is puzzled, but not for long. They are used to tie
his forearms to his underarms and his thighs to his lower legs. Soon Joe
is standing on all fours, on his knees and elbows, the rubber sacks
making sure he can't use his arms and legs normally. As a final
precaution to prevent Joe from escaping, a strap goes from one side of
the bag to the other, but going around the heel of his boot. A similar
tactic is used for his arms, but here the strap is tied to a ring at the
wrist of his mittens, doubly preventing him from escaping.

As Joe stands tied up on all fours the man kneels down, grabs his chin
and forces Joe to look him in the eye. This makes Joe weak with
submissive lust. He is completely helpless and the man dominates him not
only physically, but mentally as well. The man now informs Joe that
until he is told otherwise he is a doggy-slave. This means staying on
all fours, only lying down when told to, not speaking a single
understandable word and of course obeying every single command from the
man. But there is a twist. The man will not tolerate any silly
doggy-sounds. No barking or growling. Joe can scream and cry when he is
tortured as long as his screams contain no words. He can whimper and
moan all he likes, as long as there are no words. With a shudder Joe
realizes that this order should pose no problems at all, since Joe is
usually in so much pain when the man tortures him that he is completely
unable to form words. The same applies when the man lets him cum. This
makes Joe completely incoherent with pleasure, reducing him to a moaning
wreck babbling nonsense sounds.

Once he has instructed Joe, the man sets about training him. Joe kneels
dutifully in front of the man when told to, his tongue hanging out as he
pants for approval and looks adoringly at his master. Joe swells, or
tries to swell, with pride as the man pats him on the head and says:
"Good dog." Joe comes to stand at the man's leg when the command "heel"
is given and he lies down when told to. He rolls over onto his back when
the man commands him to and he nearly begs for release as the man's
hands roam his stomach, crotch and the inside of his thighs. Once the
man is satisfied that Joe has understood that he is a doggy-slave, he
issues the command "stay" and leaves the room. Joe stands on all fours
looking straight into the air, just as he has been told. Already his
elbows and knees are beginning to hurt and a slow ache is spreading in
his shoulders and hips. They have only been training for half an hour an
Joe knows that the man will go on for hours before calling it a night.


When the man returns he first releases Joe's cock, nearly making Joe cry
with gratitude as he becomes almost painfully hard. Then the man begins,
slowly and carefully, to rub every available surface of Joe's skin with
massage oil. The man is thorough, taking his time and to Joe's delight
and frustration he also pays attention to Joe's rock-hard member. Once
in a while the man cups Joe's balls, kneading them gently or he runs a
well-oiled hand along the entire length of Joe's shaft. As the gentle
massage continues Joe's hips begin thrusting involuntarily as his mind
is filled completely by the overwhelming need to cum. But of course the
man is not going the to let Joe off so easily. After what seems like
hours of maddeningly sensuous massage Joe is whimpering with need as the
man stands up and leaves him unfulfilled. He is too well trained to beg,
but Joe still whimpers pathetically as the man leaves him.

The man returns with a leash and clips it to Joe's collar. Then he leads
him out of the living room. As they approach the front door, Joe
realizes that the man is leading him out into the street where all the
world will be able to see what he is. Briefly Joe considers fighting the
man and refusing to follow him, but not only does he know that this
would be futile, he also feels a shiver of exhibitionistic delight at
the prospect of being spotted.

It is early evening and not yet full dark. The street is deserted as the
man and his pathetically horny doggy-slave make their way to the man's
car at a very leisurely pace. Or rather the street is nearly deserted.
As the man stops Joe to open the back of his large SUV a large man in a
tracksuit runs by. With a start Joe recognizes him as the man who saw
him kneeling nearly naked when the man had arrived. But this time he
doesn't run by, but stops and approaches the man. As they talk Joe is
left on all fours, bound and leashed in full view in a public street.
They clearly talk about Joe, but Joe's mind is too preoccupied with his
public nakedness and humiliation to be able to concentrate on what they
are saying. The fear of being seen and the overpowering exhibitionistic
delight fill Joe's slave-mind, pushing out all rational thought. After
talking for what seem to Joe to be hours, the man writes down something
on a piece of paper, gives it to the runner and says: "I'm sure you can
make it. The more, the better."

Then his attention returns to his doggy, which he scoops up in his arms
and deposits inside the cage he has installed in the back of his car.
When the door to this cage closes, Joe is pressed against it on all
sides, unable to even sit down. Joe can see the street quite clearly
through the widow of the car, but no one can see him as the widows are
darkened. During the drive Joe sees people in other cars going about
their normal lives, completely unaware that mere feet away from them
Joe, the severely bound and controlled doggy slave, is standing caged in
the back of a car.

After an uneventful drive, they arrive at their destination, which is a
large downtown office building. The man drives straight down into the
parking basement and as he stops at the guard, Joe hears them both laugh
and sees the guard nodding in his direction. Joe has no doubt whatsoever
that the guard knows exactly what is in the back of the car, and he
shivers at the thought of how vulnerable and exposed he is, how much he
is at the man's mercy. If only the man would allow him to cum.

The garage is nearly deserted and completely quiet as the man lifts Joe
out of the car and places him on the cold cement floor. They are parked
next to some kind of service entrance, not far away from an elevator.
Then, just as the man closes the car and prepares to move away, the
elevator doors slide open and someone steps out. It's a woman and she
walks straight at them. The man is completely calm as he tugs Joe's
leash and sets him in motion, apparently not caring if the woman sees
them or not. And the woman does see them. When they are twenty feet away
from her, she suddenly notices Joe and stops in her tracks. At first she
looks alarmed and looks around for attackers, reaching into her handbag
for something. Then she notices the calm with which the man carries
himself and that there are no one else in the basement. As the man and
his doggy-slave get closer, her look changes from alarm to intense
curiosity. As the man is about to pass her she asks him: "Is he your
dog?" The man smiles and answers that the useless doggy at his side is
indeed his, even if he is a poor excuse for both a dog and a slave.
Joe's face burns with humiliation at these words, but his erection
certainly doesn't go away.

The woman is keenly interested in Joe and with the man's permission she
kneels down to feel Joe up and look at him more closely. She is an
absolutely beautiful black woman, with skin the color of coffee with
just a touch of cream. Her hair is in a tight bun at the back of her
hair, so that her high, smooth forehead is exposed to her advantage.
Everything about her spells success. Her suit, a stylishly tight black
set, is obviously tailor made and both her black stilettos and her
handbag looks like they have cost a fortune. Joe has also noticed that
the only other car in this part of the basement is the newest Porsche
model, top of the line. She is so obviously rich and successful. And
obviously interested in the doggy that stands before her. She lets her
perfectly manicured fingernails run down the length of Joe's body,
lightly scratching him on the thighs, just touching his balls. When she
has finished her examination, she stands up and asks the man if Joe is
well trained, if he is housebroken. With a soft chuckle the man answers
that Joe is indeed housebroken, as well as broken in other ways. This
results in a small, wicked laugh from the woman. There is a small
uncomfortable pause in the conversation and then the woman asks the man
if she can be allowed to whip the dog? The man is a little startled at
the request, but quickly comes back to answer that of course she can
whip the worthless dog. This makes Joe start, but no one is paying him
any attention as the woman looks around for something to whip Joe with.
Her problem is solved when the man helpfully removes his leather belt
and hands it to her.

The woman doesn't hesitate a single second, but starts to whip Joe's ass
furiously. Soon she is panting with exertion and Joe is whimpering with
pain. But the man clearly has other plans for Joe tonight and he stops
the woman as Joe's ass cheeks begin to redden, well before she can do
any damage. The woman doesn't seem too disappointed. Her eyes shine with
sadistic delight, her lips shine and perspiration glistens on her upper
lips. Her breath is shallow and exited and Joe can see her erect nipples
even through her expensive suit.

As a compensation for not allowing her to whip Joe for longer, the man
asks that she watch Joe demonstrate his devotion. The man's test of
Joe's devotion is both cruel and exciting for Joe and deceptively
simple. The man puts Joe's head inside a clear plastic bag and seals the
bag at his neck with tape. The test is then for Joe to remain as still
as he possibly can until the man removes the bag, which is most often
well after Joe has passed out from lack of air. Joe must fight the
muscle spasms induced by the lack of air and remain absolutely still as
his body tries to fight for breath. Since Joe has been made to love
breathplay he also loves this test, but he also fears it so very much.
Most often the man lets Joe pass out, at last involuntarily twitching
and spasming as his body gives up. Each time Joe is convinced that the
man will just leave the bag on until Joe is quite dead and each time he
wakes up coughing and retching as consciousness returns to him. Each
time it makes him dumber as the lack of air damages his brain. And each
time he is absolutely hopelessly aroused.

It is the same this time. While the woman watches intently, the man puts
a clear plastic bag over Joe's head and in one quick movement he seals
the bag at Joe's neck with few turns of duct tape. Joe can see the woman
looking at this with both interest and arousal even as the bag begins to
fog over. As his breath becomes shorter, his arousal mounts and then, to
Joe's great surprise, the man kneels down and grabs Joe's cock. As it
becomes harder and harder for Joe to breathe, the man strokes Joe closer
and closer to a fabulous orgasm. Joe is absolutely sure that the man
will let him cum this time and he is filled with deep gratitude towards
him, even as his body begins to spasm and his consciousness fades. But
then, just as Joe is about to cum, the man removes his hand and Joe is
left hanging. He twitches and spasms with both lack of air and
frustration as he looses bladder control and faints.

When he regains consciousness, heaving for breath, he feels the wetness
from the pool of his own urine that he is lying in. He can also feel the
pointed toe of the woman's stiletto probing his genitals, now flaccid,
none too gently. As he looks up at the man smiling and the woman
standing over him with one foot in his crotch, he is shamed to note that
his cock becomes hard again within seconds of him regaining
consciousness. After lightly stepping on his balls with her sharp heel,
she turns to the man and asks: "How much?" There is no doubt that she
means it. She wants to buy Joe. Joe's mind almost panics. On one hand he
loves his master and wants only to belong to him. On the other hand he
is also a slave and his slave self finds the prospect of being sold to
this obviously cruel woman a huge turn-on. He has little doubt that she
is cruel and demanding and that she will treat him like dirt. Just as he
dreams of.

The man, however, politely refuses her offers, even when the amounts of
money she offers for Joe become quite substantial. She is quite
disappointed until the man offers that she can borrow Joe for extended
periods of time when the man is not in town. As she smiles cruelly down
at him, Joe knows that his life, already almost completely beyond his
own control, has just become even less free and tightly controlled by
others. He shudders with fear and arousal as there is no denying that he
wants this. He will almost certainly regret it later, but right now he
must express his gratitude and so crawls over to the woman and licks her
shoes. With his mouth forced open by the ring-gag he can't kiss them and
the man has forbidden him to speak, so all he is left with is licking
his new mistress' stilettos. Both she and the man smile before shaking
hands on their deal. Then the woman turns on her heels and walks to her
car as the man gives the order "Heel!". Joe struggles to his "feet" and
scampers over to stand by the man. Behind him he can hear the clicking
of her high heels on the concrete and the sound of a car door closing.
As the man and Joe begin moving away, he notices that the car doesn't
start and he is quite sure that the woman is sitting in the car
masturbating. His own erection is still throbbing with need, but there
is no sign that the man will allow him to cum. They approach the service
entrance and Joe sees that there are two men standing there. They are
both quite large and burly and Joe recognizes one of them as a man he
has previous had a relationship with, before he became the man's
property. The man leads them through double doors into a large clinical
looking room. The walls and floor are covered with white tile and the
room is lit with glaring white lights. It is quite large, completely
devoid of furniture and filled with men. Joe is so shocked he just keeps
walking automatically where the man leads him, the drool spilling down
over his chin and dripping on the floor. He looks around the room and
sees that there must he thirty or forty men in the room, if not more.
And what's more, he recognizes several of them. Some have been his sex
partners in the years before he met the man, but he also shocked to
recognize a couple of his colleagues including his boss. With a
submissive thrill, combined with a familiar sinking feeling of being
outmaneuvered, he realizes that he has just lost even more freedom. Now
the people he meets every day will know what he is and he is quite sure
that most will take advantage of his status as a slave.

As they reach the center of the room, the conversation dies down and all
eyes focus on Joe and the man. In the crowd Joe recognizes the man in
the tracksuit whom they met in the street. He is now dressed in discrete
black leather and is sporting an expectant smile, as are almost all the
other men. In the silence before the man speaks, Joe realizes that he is
the only slave here and thus bound to be the sole focus of attention.
The crowd pulls closer and the man speaks: "Welcome! And thank you all
for coming. I trust that you will all enjoy fucking doggy here to the
fullest. Please make sure that you use both his holes at least once."
Joe begins to sweat from near panic. He is to be fucked at both ends by
all these men? All of them? Being gang-banged has been a fantasy of his
for a long time, but now that he actually sees all the guys who are
going to fuck him, he realizes what he is in for. It is entirely
possible that he will be unable to walk for several days if all the men
in the room take him from behind. He also realizes that this is going to
take some time. He has been standing on his elbows and knees for almost
an hour and a half already, he has blown the man, he has been whipped,
teased and subjected to breathplay. Already his elbows and shoulders,
his knees and hips ache and he knows that the gangbanging is going to
last for hours and hours. As he moans with fear he realizes that he has
never been closer to cuming without being touched. He is so hard it
hurts and his cock is doing pathetic little twitching motions as it
prepares for an orgasm that is probably hours away at the very best.
Meanwhile the man continues: "Before we start I have three requests:
One: Use a condom every time. Two: Use lubrication. Three: Do not allow
the bitch to cum. Oh, and one final thing: Do make him deep-throat you
and do make sure that you hold it in his throat until he twitches. He so
deserves to choke on you. Now let's get started. Enjoy!" There is wild
applause and laughter and then all the men turn their hungry eyes at
Joe, standing on all fours, just waiting to be fucked.

He doesn't have to wait more than a few seconds before the first pair is
upon him. They have put on their rubbers quickly and lubing Joe's
waiting ass doesn't take long and in two quick thrusts they have
penetrated him. The fucking is vigorous, needy and more than a little
violent. The guy holding his head makes sure that he spends more than
enough time in Joe's throat. Joe barely has time to breathe as the guy
pounds his cock in and out of his throat. The guy drilling Joe's ass has
a vice-grip on his hips, a fair-sized cock and is fucking a near-inhuman
pace. They are abusing Joe as brutally as they know how and Joe is
loving it. For horny guys they take an awful long time, but when they
finally finish, of course leaving Joe even more frustrated, two new guys
stand by to take over immediately. The switch is so fast that he barely
has time to catch his breath before a new cock pushes into his throat
and a fresh dick rams up his ass. This time the guy fucking his face is
so huge that Joe has trouble taking him in is throat and panic fills him
as the oversized cock enters it. Not that it bothers the guy, who merely
pushes harder to get it down Joe's throat. And not only is he huge, he
also likes to keep is cock in Joe's throat until spots appear before
Joe's eyes and his arms and legs start to give way. Not only does it
fill Joe up with an extra strong dose of that familiar blend of fear and
arousal, but it also prolongs the fucking a great deal as the guy isn't
moving his cock around a lot. While Joe is being choked by a huge cock
at one end, his other end is being subjected to what can only be
described as an almost desperate fucking at the other. The guy gripping
Joe's hips is hammering away at his ass at an incredible pace, a pistons
seemingly unable to cum. The fucking is exhausting and lasts forever.
When it finally ends another blindingly fast switch takes place. This
time it is the cock entering Joe from behind that is huge. So huge in
fact that Joe would scream had it not been for the cock being forced
down his throat. This time the pace is more human, but Joe moans and
whimpers at every chance as he feels the huge cock stretching his ass
unbearably.

It goes on and on. As soon as one guy finishes, new one takes his place.
Out of the corner of his eye Joe can see the bucket for used condoms
filling up. His ass and the insides of his thighs are slick with
lubrication. The ache in his limbs become a burning pain, his ass feels
stretched beyond capacity, on its way to becoming permanently damaged
and his throat is raw from all the deepthroating he has done. Joe's cock
tells him that he loves, even if his brain tries to tell him that he
doesn't. And still they keep coming. One guy is so fond of breathplaying
that he makes Joe pass out six times before he cums. Another guy works
his cock in such a way that he is almost in Joe's throat all the time,
only just allowing Joe to breathe while the guys cock lingers at the
edge of his throat. Yet another guys is so huge and so vigorous that he
pounds Joe so forcefully and for so long that he nearly passes out from
the beating his ass takes. Joe is exhausted and yet his painful erection
tells him that he needs this. The fucking goes on. Guy after guy makes
ever longer assaults on his face and ass, as their initial lust is
sated; their second and third fucks take longer and are more thorough.
All the individual fucks blend in to one endless fuck as Joe is depleted
of strength. His whole body is in pain and he is not sure if he can go
on much longer without passing out from exhaustion. Still his rock-hard
cock is there informing him that he still loves this.

And then finally, mercifully, it's over. Joe stands on all fours, his
limbs shaking with exhaustion. His cock is the only part of him that
isn't ready to lie down and sleep. Standing a few paces in front of him
is the only man in the room who hasn't fucked Joe at least twice. In
fact the man hasn't touched Joe since they were by the car, hours ago.
The man smiles sadistically down at Joe and says: "Will the gentlemen I
talked with earlier please step forward?" Five burly men step up and Joe
knows that his ordeal is not over yet. He doesn't remember any
individual cocks, but he suspects that these were among the very large.
The man's sadistic smile widens as he says to the five guys: "Please
proceed as we agreed." The five men roll up their sleeves and Joe sees
that they all have exceptionally large arms and very, very large hands.
As they all make fists and smile at Joe, he realizes that this not about
the size of their cocks. It is about the size of their hands. Joe looses
control and begins to keen with fear as he realizes that he is about to
get fisted by no less than five guys with fists so huge he can barely
believe it. He wants to scream but doesn't have the energy. He wants to
run away, but he is too afraid. Too afraid of the punishment that would
follow such an attempted escape. So afraid of the fistings to come that
is paralyzes him.

The men take up position. Two hold his arms, two hold his legs and the
fifth man lubes up his truly massive fist, making sure that Joe can see
it. Then he moves behind him and begins. Joe tries to relax, to let the
guy in without too much pain since he knows there is no way around this.
But it is no good. The guy strains and grunts as he tries to break past
Joe's sphincter. It is hard work and for Joe the pain is unbelievable.
He screams and moans as the guy tries to defeat Joe's ass. Finally, with
a sensation that tells Joe that something in his ass has been broken
beyond repair, the guys enormous fist slide all the way into him. His
screams turn into low, unarticulated gurgles as he is longer able gather
enough breath to scream. The fist fills him up completely. He is so full
his whole body feels it, feels the pain and discomfort of it. His
breathing is hampered and it feels like the fist is pressing against his
lungs. This is the worst Joe has ever been subjected to and his
throbbing cock tells him unequivocally just what a pain-slut he is, just
how much he loves abuse of the most brutal kind.

Then the fist starts to move around. First is rotates, twisting Joe's
gut with it. Joe is paralyzed with extreme discomfort. Then the fist
begins to move back and forth ever so slightly, like an enormous, but
relatively gentle fuck. Joe is unable to move, his breath shallow and
ragged. The movements become bigger and bigger, pounding him as
vigorously as the most savage of the fucks he has just received, but
infinitely bigger. The fist pops out of Joe's ass and for the briefest
of moments he is immensely relieved that it is finally over. Then it
forces its way back in and Joe almost begins to cry with defeat. He
can't take any more of this. But the fist doesn't care. It resumes its
merciless pounding, its ruthless filling of his insides as it opens up
Joe in a way he never intended for it do. The room and all the men in it
disappear. Joe is aware of only three things: The enormous fist filling
him up, his own cock telling him that he not only wants, but needs this,
and finally he is aware of the man who ordered this done to Joe, who has
enforced his will on Joe, once again bringing Joe completely and totally
under his control.

Finally the fist is pulled out and Joe's body sags as he almost cries
with relief. But it is far from over and as Joe sees the next guy, who
has an even larger fist, move in front of him to lubricate his fist, he
does begin to cry in defeat.

This time the fist has an easier time getting in, as Joe's asshole is
already broken, but the it is larger and thus fills Joe out even more.
It is also more thorough in its movements, lingering longer in all the
places that cause Joe the most discomfort and pain. It pushes in deeper
and it stays longer. Joe faints during this, but when he is slapped into
consciousness, he is still standing on all fours, held up by the men and
the fist is still inside his ass continuing its relentless probing. Joe
has lost all contact with the outside world. The man's cruel smile,
keeping him forever imprisoned, is all he sees.

After that fist are three more, each one bigger than the one before and
each one pushing further up his insides and staying there for longer.
When the last is finally withdrawn, Joe can feel the cool air enter his
open ass unimpeded. His ass has been permanently damaged and with this
ordeal also his mind. Joe was already a slave broken to his master's
will, but now he has been brought down even further, stripped, beaten
and abused to a degree he will never recover from. Now there is truly
nothing he can refuse the man and no one he will not regard as his
superior.

But as Joe stands with trembling limbs, barely able to do even that
anymore, the man provides a suitably degrading end to the gangbanging.
Joe doesn't hear the words, but at the man's command a tight circle is
formed around him of men, all holding their cocks. Then they all let go
and Joe is showered with urine. Every square inch of his body is
showered with salty and smelly piss, his eyes burning with it as it runs
down his face. When it is over, the next team steps up and releases
their stream and so it continues until all have emptied their bladders
over Joe, leaving him completely soaked. As the rest of the men leave
the room only the man and Joe remain. Joe is shaking with exhaustion,
pain and humiliation and barely able to stand, his vision blurred by all
the urine in his eyes and his ass damaged beyond repair. The man stands
directly in front of Joe. He says: "Roll over boy." Joe rolls onto his
back and as he does, all the urine that had run into the rubber bags
imprisoning his arms and legs empties over him, providing the last
golden shower. Or rather nearly the last. As Joe is once again standing
on all fours the man orders him to tilt his head back and swallow what
is coming. He then empties his very full bladder into Joe's eagerly
waiting mouth. Joe is careful to swallow it all, not missing a single
drop. He may be near collapse from the brutal abuse, but his cock is
still hard and his compete and utter devotion to the man is even more
powerful than before.

Once he has emptied his bladder and Joe has swallowed it all, the man
pats Joe's head and says: "Good boy." Then he takes the leash and leads
Joe to the car. Joe is swelling with joy, his broken mind reveling in
the knowledge that he is just a slave, a disgusting little doggy-slave
that the man controls completely and utterly.

The ride back to Joe's place is uneventful. It is very early Sunday
morning and the town is still mostly asleep. But as the man lifts Joe
out of the car the paperboy passes by with the Sunday newspaper. Only he
isn't a boy. He looks more like a college student and is clearly in his
early twenties. He also looks very fit. He stops cold when he sees Joe
and looks absolutely shocked. The man remains completely unfazed as he
locks up the car and grabs Joe's leash and prepares to lead Joe indoors.
The paperboy meanwhile, is over his shock and has realized that the
situation is not illegal, merely perverse. He has also noticed the rank
smell of urine emanating from the doggy-slave in front of him. He is
clearly unsure of what to do until the man asks him: "How would you like
to make a hundred dollars?" He is clearly interested now and so is Joe.
The man paying this stranger one hundred dollars can only spell trouble
for Joe. The paperboy is silent for a while and then asks: "What do I
have to do?" To this the man smiles and says: "I'd like a newspaper."
The paperboy is about to object when the man continues: "But I want it
as a single roll, delivered as far up his ass as you can possibly push
it." He points at Joe who gives a small shriek of panic. As the paperboy
considers, the man finishes: "I want it so far up, that no more than an
inch of it sticks out, further if you can do it." While Joe starts to
breathe fast and shallow, the paperboy thinks about it. Then he nods in
agreement and starts to roll up a newspaper, including all the Sunday
specials. The roll is huge; with a diameter easily matching that of the
biggest fists Joe's had roaming around his now broken ass. This time
it's the man holding Joe while the paperboy works the roll into Joe's
ass. And he really has to work. Not only is it huge, but also there is
now no lubrication and the paper itself soaks up any moisture that might
aid the process. It is immensely painful, but Joe is so weak from the
ordeal he already been through, that only weak croaks escape him.
Finally the paper is all the way in and Joe is again breathing in short
gasps as the paper now takes up all the space in his insides. And what's
more, he can feel it grow slowly as it absorbs more and more water from
Joe, swelling as it does. The paperboy is sweating and panting with the
exertion as he accepts the one hundred dollars from the man. He looks
down at Joe's swollen cock and remarks: "He likes it, doesn't he?" The
man chuckles and replies: "Oh, yes you can be damn sure of that." The
paperboy nods and makes to continue his route when the man asks: "You
should knock on the slut's door sometime," he indicates where Joe lives,
"and give him a good fucking." This time the paperboy smiles for the
first time and says: "Well, I'm usually not into guys, but I guess I'll
try this slut out sometime. Thanks!" With that he runs off smiling.
Joe's life has just moved further out of his control, but all he can
focus on now, is the enormous roll steadily expanding inside his ass.
The man pays it no heed but just leads Joe inside.

As the front door closes behind them, the man does not stop to release
Joe. Instead he leads him into the bathroom. This makes sense to Joe as
he smells extremely badly and a nice bath would be very nice after the
night's punishments and fuckings. But the man does not release Joe. He
doesn't even pour some water over him. No, the man orders Joe to sit.
Then he removes Joe's leash and loops it around Joe's throat. Unzipping
his pants, he shoves his hard cock into Joe's mouth and begins to fuck
his face. At the same time he tightens the leash around Joe's neck,
strangling him. Being allowed to service the man, while being strangled
by him at the same time is almost too much for Joe and his throbbing and
needy member is on the verge of exploding. It is, however, not Joe who
explodes but the man, depositing his cum in Joe's mouth and throat. Joe
is unable to swallow as his throat is closed by the strangling leash and
instead Joe twitches and spasms from lack of air as the man finishes his
face-fucking of Joe, while Joe himself looses consciousness.


When he comes to, Joe can feel the man's cum dribble out of his still
forcibly opened mouth. The man is standing above him as Joe lies on the
cold bathroom floor and the second he sees Joe has regained
consciousness, he commands Joe to sit. With considerable effort Joe
manages to sit before the man. The leash is still looped around his
throat and to his terror and delight the man once again grips it
tightly. He tightens it until it is just squeezing Joe's neck
uncomfortably. Then he steps on Joe's still erect cock, squeezing the
head of Joe's cock between the cold tile floor of the bathroom and the
rough underside of his boot. "Go ahead doggy," the man says, "you may
fuck my boot." It takes a second to sink in, but then Joe start to hump
the man's leg furiously, like the pathetic, little dog he is. The
bathroom floor doesn't feel nice against his exposed cock head, but the
sole of the man's boot is outright murder on this most tender part of
him. It doesn't matter. Joe fucks the man's boot like crazy, wrapping
his folded up arms around his leg for support. As Joe moves closer and
closer to his climax, the man tightens the leash more and more until
Joe's breath is cut off completely. When he cums spots have begun
appearing in front of his eyes and he has lost al control over his body.
It jerks and twists, spasms and convulses, as Joe erupts into one of the
most massive orgasms of his life. As the cum continues to pump out of
him, he is engulfed in the fabulous orgasm, which is amplified many
times by the fact that he being strangled at the same time. Finally Joe
has no more to give and as the last cum pumps out of his cock, he looses
consciousness, his face purple, his eyes almost popping out of his head,
completely bloodshot. The man holds him longer than usual this time,
savoring the look of Joe's swollen tongue hanging out of his mouth and
the little twitches still left in him. Then finally, just before its too
late, he removes the leash and lets Joe drop to the floor.

Joe wakes up coughing and retching, close to panic as he feels that he
has come much closer this time than any of the other times this has
happened. But he also feels good. No, he feels fantastic. He has had a
fabulous orgasm and he has shown his devotion to his master, just as the
man has shown Joe that he cares by arranging this brutal and demeaning
ordeal for him. To show his appreciation Joe tries to lick up the cum on
the floor and thus communicate his love and devotion to his cruel
master.

While the floor is slowly cleaned the man laughs quietly. Then, when the
floor is spotless, he kneels down and pats Joe on the cheek: "Time to
sleep doggy." Joe moans both from gratitude and discomfort as the
ever-growing paper is still in his ass. The man again chuckles softly
and says: "No doggy, that stays." Then he fastens a thick rubber
blindfold over Joe's eyes and ties him by the neck to the toilet.

He leaves Joe on the cold bathroom floor his arms and legs still tied,
his hands in mittens and his feet in very painful ballet boots. Joe is
still wearing a collar, the huge ring-gag still holds his mouth so open
that he fears he will never be able to close his mouth properly and he
is equipped with a new blindfold. And in Joe's much abused and broken
asshole resides a huge newspaper roll, expanding ever so slowly.

With the taste of the bathroom floor, his own cum and the man's boots in
his mouth, Joe falls asleep filled with deep gratitude towards the man.

THE END

By 2NN





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





