BDSM Library - Norah\'s Descent




Norah\'s Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Wealthy 42 year old female landlady is forced to submit to, and accept, a life of BDSM at the hands of her teenage tenants







My name is Norah Bentley




 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  35
  2006-02-28T02:36:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:36:00Z
  1
  2508
  14297
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  119
  33
  16772
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 1�� The trap is set

&nbsp;

My name is Norah
Bentley. I am a 42 year old divorced female. I am proud of what I have
achieved. After a messy divorce 7 years ago I threw myself single-mindedly into
my passion: property investment. I have now built up a property portfolio of 16
rental houses and have a net worth of over one million dollars. Yes, I flaunt
my success.

&nbsp;

Many people call
me a hard-nosed bitch. I am ruthless with my tenants and have no time for hard
luck stories. Pay the rent on time, or take a hike. As a female I am not
prepared to show weakness or compassion, as there are always the no-hopers who
are waiting to take advantage.

&nbsp;

This is my
persona. Successful, tough, emotionless.

&nbsp;

Knowing this
about me makes my story seem even more unbelievable. Even now, many months
later, my mind still whirls with confusion.

&nbsp;

Before I begin my
story, I must make a confession, as much as it hurts my pride. My divorce 7
years ago cut a deep wound in my emotions that just would not heal. I confess I
was not a good wife. I was demanding, jealous, and smothering. I should not
have been surprised that the useless prick took refuge in the panties of his
brainless, buxom secretary, then left me for her.

I cried non-stop
for 10 days. When I stopped crying, I dried my eyes and resolved I would never
be hurt again.

&nbsp;

With a ruthless
passion I focused on property investment and became damn good at it. I did not
allow myself to have private life; as to do so would leave me vulnerable. Oh, I
had a few one-night stands, but no one lasted more than a few weeks before I
booted them out of my life. Gradually the men dried up. I guess my reputation
preceded me.

&nbsp;

Eventually the
few close friends I had following my divorce also melted away. Initially I
thumbed my nose at them, thinking they were jealous of my success, but I now
realise I was probably not a nice person to be around. 

&nbsp;

Enough
of my bleeding-heart confessions. It is just a delaying tactic. I will reluctantly
tell you my story.

&nbsp;

The 17th
started off like any other day. My life is very
regimented, and I like to believe this is because I am focused and successful.
My alarm goes off at 7.30am. I rise, feed the cat, shower, dress, have eggs,
bacon and a muffin for breakfast, followed by a cup of strong coffee while I
read the financial section of the newspaper. It is the only part of the
newspaper I read. I am not interested in reading about human misery, petty
politics, or the steroid-induced feats of overpaid sportsmen.

&nbsp;

At 9.00am I log onto my computer and check my bank
statement to reconcile the balance and ensure all rents have been paid. My eyes
narrow to thin slits and my blood begins to boil when I notice the rent for 17 Wisteria Lane is overdue. I knew renting one of my
properties to them was a mistake. The tenants were a young couple, Mark and
Diane, both in their late teens. Normally I stay clear of the young ones, as
they are so irresponsible these days. Drugs, booze and sex seem to be their
sole focus. 

&nbsp;

However Mark and
Diane were an attractive, well groomed young couple,
well presented, and although they were both still students they did have
part-time jobs and ensured me there would be no problems with the lease.

&nbsp;

What a damn fool
I was. I hated to be proven wrong. These young troublemakers will be gone
within a week, I resolved.� I do not
phone, as it gives my wormy tenants an opportunity to spin me a sad, sob story.
For me it is the full frontal, knock-on-the-door assault.

&nbsp;

It was late
afternoon when I pulled up outside 17 Wisteria in my sporty little Mercedes.
Mark and Diane�s battered Honda was parked outside so I knew they were home.
With authority I strode up to the front door and knocked loudly. To my
annoyance there was no response. A knocked again, longer and
louder. Still no response. By now I was getting
more than a little steamy under the collar. Stop avoiding me you useless little
worms.

&nbsp;

I knocked a third
time, loud enough to wake the dead. But again it elicited no response.
Frustrated, I tried the front door and found it was unlocked. I stepped inside
and called out. There was no answer but I could hear a noise down the hallway.
Not one to back away, I strode down the hallway. The bedroom door was partly
ajar. I was about to hammer on the door when I caught a glimpse of Diane and I
was frozen in my tracks. I stared, disbelieving.

&nbsp;

Diane was tied
spreadeagled on the bed, facedown, totally naked, her hands and feet tied to
each corner. Rope was also tied tightly around her waist, and then looped
through the crack of her buttocks and obviously secured in the front. Her labia
were split by the rope and from my vantage point I could clearly see them
protruding, red and swollen. Diane�s buttocks, thighs, and upper back were
covered with red welts were she had obviously been whipped with something.

&nbsp;

My heart began to
beat furiously, and I feared I was witnessing some sort of assault and battery
on Diane. Without breathing I took a step back, with the intention of
retreating to safety and phoning the police. But then to my amazement Mark came
into view. His young body was also totally naked. His semi
erect penis swinging freely in front of athletic body. 

&nbsp;

My mind was
racing with confusion. What was I witnessing here.
Initially I had thought it was an assault by an intruder, but now it appeared
if it was some sort of debauched, perverted sexual activity. I was sickened,
and it confirmed my low option of today�s youth.

&nbsp;

But despite my
distaste at what I was witnessing, my eyes remained fixated on the scene I was
viewing through the slightly ajar door. Mark was untying the ropes that secured
Diane�s ankle and wrists to the bed corners. Once untied, Diane took a moment
to rub the painful looking, ugly red welts on her buttocks. But instead of
getting up off the bed, I watch disbelievingly as she slowly turned over on her
back, then opened her legs and raised her arms above her head. Mark moved
silently around the bed, again securing Diane�s hands and feet to the corners
of the bed.

&nbsp;

I could not help
noticing her breasts. They were small but very firm, and still held their form
despite the fact she was lying on her back. Her nipples were erect and pointing
invitingly into the air.

&nbsp;

Mark then untied
the rope that was secured tightly around her waist, and pulled it out from
between her legs. Diane�s pubic region was even more clearly exposed to me. She
had neatly trimmed but sparsely covered blond pubic hair that did little to
cover her vaginal region. Mark disappeared out of view for a moment then
returned, a vicious looking short wispy whip held in his right hand.

&nbsp;

I was aware that
beads of sweat were beginning to roll down my forehead. I was only too aware I
needed to do something. Either burst in and confront
the pair of them, or get my butt out of there and deal with the rent problem
later. But unbelievably I just stood there, taking in the debauched scene. I
was revolted, but could not take my eyes away from the scene that was before
me. It was somehow giving me sensory overload in a manner I could not even
begin to comprehend.

&nbsp;

I was transfixed
as Mark rested the whip on Diane�s pubic mound

&nbsp;

�Lift it, � he commanded, without emotion

&nbsp;

Incredibly Diane
arched her buttocks off the bed, pushing her pubic mound high in the air. It
was one of the most sexually crass acts I had ever seen in my 42 years. Yet I
was glued to the spot, almost not daring to blink.

&nbsp;

With Diane�s
pubic mound raised high, and her legs spread, I could even see her engorged
clitoris pushing out from its hood, brazenly displaying her sexual arousal.
Here juices were oozing from her swollen lips. Despite my distaste at what I
was witnessing, I also knew that her fully aroused vagina was one of the most
truly deeply erotic things I had ever witnessed.

&nbsp;

Although my
former husband and I had been sexually active when first married, I had soon
become bored, and eventually found the whole groping, sweaty act of making love
something I tried to avoid. It was always done in bed with the light off and I
tried to get it over with as quickly as possible. Any attempts at foreplay by
my husband were discouraged. Although I hated to face up to it, deep down I
knew that it was hardly surprising he started banging his bimbo secretary.

&nbsp;

Mark continued to
rest the whip on Diane�s pubic mound

&nbsp;

�Higher� he again
commanded

&nbsp;

Diane strained to
arch herself even higher off the bed. Her buttocks were now 12 inches clear of
the bed, and despite myself I admired her agility and athleticism. The muscles
in her shapely legs were clearly defined, and she was obviously carrying no
extra weight. Incredibly I found myself trying to visualise being in Diane�s
place. I knew I would look nowhere as svelte as she did. Although I was not
grossly overweight, I had not taken good care of my body in recent years. I had
packed on many extra pounds on my hips and thighs through poor diet and a lack
of exercise. My constant excuse was I was too busy being successful to worry
about exercising or eating properly. 

&nbsp;

I almost shook my
head in bemusement. Here I was witnessing the most sexually explicit act I had
ever seen, and I was worrying how overweight I would look if ever I were
subjected to the same abuse. 

&nbsp;

�Forget it girl�,
I told myself. Do you seriously think you would allow yourself to be abused
like that by another person? Not bloody likely. But even as I silently
chastised myself and wanted to leave my young tenants to their sexually
sadistic games, I could not divert my eyes from what I was witnessing.

&nbsp;

Despite myself, I
found my eyes wandering up Diane�s well defined legs, taking in her straining
calf muscles, then again taking in the sight of her most private of regions.
Diane�s pubic lips had now been forced open from the combination of having her
legs forced open, her hips elevated, and her high level of sexual arousal. I
could now see the delicate pinkness of the inside of her vagina. I was breathing
heavily, I felt flushed, and sweat continued to run down my forehead. I badly
needed to wipe my brow to stop the sweat from running into my eyes but was
afraid the movement would draw attention to myself. If
I could see Mark, it stood to reason that he could also see me if he glanced
toward the doorway.

&nbsp;

It seemed like an
eternity that Diane had been forced to keep her hips raised high off the bed,
although in reality I had no concept of time. Then in a sudden movement Mark
raised the whip and brought it down on her pubic mould. It happened so quickly
that I jumped with fright when Diane let out a howl of anguish as the whip connect. An ugly red welt quickly appeared, clearly
visible even through her blond wispy pubic hair. She had lowered her buttocks
back onto the bed and was grimacing with pain.

&nbsp;

�How can the
stupid little tart allow herself to be subjected to
such a sadistic act�? I was totally confused. What I was witnessing was
barbaric and surely nobody would willingly subject themselves to such pain. Yet
I had only too clearly seen with my own eyes how sexually aroused Diane was.

&nbsp;

�Up!� Mark demanded, again resting the whip
provocatively on her pubic mound.

&nbsp;

Diane hesitated
for a few moments, then to my utter amazement she
strained her leg muscles to get her hips again elevated high off the bed. The
whip struck a second time, crisscrossing the existing welt, and again Diane
cried out in a sob of pain.

&nbsp;

The sweat had now
run down my forehead into my eyes and my vision was becoming blurred despite
the fact I was constantly blinking my eyes. I decided it was time to beat a
hasty retreat, although I knew deep down some primal urge wanted me to stay. I
slowly retraced my steps down the hallway, exited the open front door and very
quietly closed it behind me. I almost ran down the pathway, quickly opening my
car door and jumping inside. I wiped the sweat out of my eyes. A glance in the
mirror confirmed my face was flushed like I had never seen before, and I
struggled to slow my pounding heart. I felt as if I had just run a marathon.

&nbsp;

A wave of
revulsion suddenly swept over me. I felt sick at my own conduct. How could I
have just stood there ogling that perverted act? I shook my head in
bewilderment. I resolved to block the whole incident out and never think of it
again. I am good at blocking out emotions that clog my mind and do not 

contribute to my persona of success. 

&nbsp;

However, much to
my annoyance, I failed miserably that evening to block the events I had
witnessed from my mind. Like some pornographic video it just kept replaying in
front of my visual senses. In the end, out of total frustration, I decided to
take a sleeping pill and retire early, knowing I would feel much better after a
good night�s sleep.

&nbsp;

Once in bed I
kept my mind focused on the financial journal I was reading. Thankfully I felt
my eyes became droopy and was overcome by sleep. But less than an hour later I
was awake, my head thick and fuzzy from the strong sleeping pill I had taken.
Still the sickening scene of the hapless Diane played before my senses. My body
was burning as if I was running a fever. There was inner warmth in the pit of
my stomach that felt unusually pleasant.

&nbsp;

I tried to think
clearly through the haze of my drowsiness, to make sense of the pleasant
sensations flowing through my body. Almost without knowing it I allowed one of
my hands to stray down to my vagina. I was wet beyond belief. As my fingers
grazed my clitoris it felt like an electric current running through my body. As
if following a secret command from deep within, I splayed my legs wide open,
then strained to lift my pelvis high in the air, mimicking the lurid act I had
witnessed of my young tenant. As I imagined a silent whip being raised above me
I slid my fingers deep inside my vagina and finger-fucked myself with
relentless vigour. In no time my hips were bucking with the most intense orgasm
I had ever experienced. As I lay there afterwards, my body glowing with a
pleasant warm sweat, I drifted off to a deep and restful sleep.

&nbsp;

When I awoke in
the morning I was unsure if the whole experience had been real or a dream. But
deep down I knew and I felt revolted with myself. I had not masturbated since I
was an awkward teenager fantasising over some impossible love.

&nbsp;

After two cups of
very strong coffee I felt my mind settling down to its normal, well-ordered
self. I checked my on-line internet bank statement and noticed that Mark and
Diane�s rent had gone through, albeit two days late. A little voice in my head
told me to let it go, not to worry about the late payment. But that was not my
style. I don�t forgive and forget. If I let them get away with it now, they
will think they can take advantage of me whenever they like. I looked at my
watch. It was a little after 8.30am and I decided to phone straight away and clear up the fact that they
had better not mess around with me or they would be out on the street before
they knew it. I rationalised that in this case I would deal with the matter on
the telephone, and forgo my usual method of fronting up in person, which was
hardly surprising given what I had witnessed the previous day. 

&nbsp;

The phone rang
for what seemed an eternity before a sleepy voice greeted me at the other end.
It was Mark. I informed him, formally, that it was Mrs Bentley, his landlady,
speaking. Mark seemed unimpressed, and said nothing

&nbsp;

�Your rent was 2
days late� I spoke angrily

&nbsp;

�I have paid it
lady� was Mark�s belligerent response

&nbsp;

I exploded.
�Listen here, you little fucker. The rent is to be paid on the due date, not
when you feel like paying it.�

&nbsp;

�And if I don�t?�
Far from being fazed by my verbal assault, Mark almost seemed to be enjoying
himself

&nbsp;

�What?� I
shouted, disbelieving that he could even think of asking me such a question

&nbsp;

Without giving me
the opportunity to answer his question he pressed on.

&nbsp;

�Are landlords
able to enter a tenants house without getting
permission first?� Mark�s question was voiced with confidence and authority.

&nbsp;

My blood ran
cold. Surely he did not know I had entered their house yesterday and witnessed
their sordid sexual activities. Unusually for me, I was flustered, and unsure
of how to respond.

&nbsp;

�Well?�

&nbsp;

I hung up. I was
shaking with anger that he had treated me with such contempt. The cheeky little upstart. But beneath my anger I was deeply
concerned by his question. Why had he asked it? Surely he couldn�t have known.
There was no way they would have continued in such a brazen manner if they had
known someone was watching.

&nbsp;

Although it
worried me, I eventually rationalised that it was just a silly coincidence.
Nevertheless I shied away from another confrontation with the pair of them,
deciding that in this case I might just make an exception and let the matter
lie.� 

� 

�

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;














Chapter 2    The trap is sprung




 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  21
  2006-02-28T02:37:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:37:00Z
  1
  2195
  12515
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  104
  29
  14681
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 2��� I am
lured by the bait

&nbsp;

Gradually my life
settled down again over the next few days and I successfully blocked out the
sordid sex scene I had voyeured, as well as my disquieting phone conversation
with Mark. I focused on the one thing that gave me what I thought was total
fulfilment. Making money.

&nbsp;

However I found
myself almost dreading the morning, two weeks later, when I would again need to
check if Mark and Diane had paid their rent on time. Quietly I scanned my bank
statement three times, hoping that I had just missed the transaction. But the
payment had definitely not gone through. Of course I was angry, but I was also
concerned. Mark�s enquiring words again registered in my mind. What if�.? What
if they had know?

&nbsp;

I resolved to
wait one more day, but the following day saw no payment being made. Surely they
would pay it today, I rationalised. They had after all been only 2 days late
last time. However on the 3rd day there was still no payment. I
threw caution to the wind, as anger overcame my reticence to provoke another
incident.

&nbsp;

By the time I
dialled the phone number at 17 Wisteria Lane I was fuming, and if I could have reached
down the phone I swear I would have strangled the person who answered on the
other end. As it turned out, it was Diane who answered. She sounded so sweet
and innocent, with her child-like voice making her sound much younger.

&nbsp;

Despite myself, I
softened my tone slightly. At least I would not have to deal with the
belligerent Mark.

&nbsp;

However I was
still direct and to the point, �The rent, young lady, is 3 days overdue. This
is the second time this month, and is totally unacceptable.� I found myself
stopping short of making threats

&nbsp;

�Gee, I am so
sorry Mrs Bentley. We have been so busy studying for exams we have not been able
to get to the bank to deposit it into your account. We have the money here. If
you come around this evening you can collect it from us.�

&nbsp;

�Young
lady. I do not run
around collecting rent from my tenants�, I stated doggedly. �It is your
responsibility to have it in my account on time. I did request you set up an
automatic bank deduction.�

&nbsp;

�Oh, please,� she
pleaded, �Just this one time. We promise it will not happen again.�

&nbsp;

Almost
incredibly, I found myself considering her request. How could I even consider
lowering my standards to this level? Yet, I did have to go out tonight to
collect some papers from a colleague, and I would be in the vicinity of 17
Wisteria on my way home.

&nbsp;

Not for the first
time I found my mind befuddled when dealing with Mark and Diane.

&nbsp;

I hesitated, and
then took a deep breath. �Very well then. I will
collect it but you had better understand this is definitely the one and only
time. I will be there around 8.30pm. Please have the full rent ready for me to collect.�

&nbsp;

�We certainly will
Mrs Bentley, and, hey, thanks. Mark and I really appreciate it.�

&nbsp;

I felt like I had
been dealing with a child, and for some unfathomable reason found myself
smiling.

&nbsp;

For the remainder
of the day I found myself dwelling on my arranged meeting with Mark and Diane.
No matter how pragmatic and unemotional I tried to be, visions of a naked Diane
tied spreadeagled to the bed kept flashing before my eyes. Along
with Mark wielding that nasty little whip onto Diane�s pubes.

&nbsp;

By the time I
pulled up outside 17 Wisteria Lane at 8.30pm precisely, I could not believe how nervous and
uncomfortable I felt. I tried to reason with myself, but my emotions were in
turmoil. It was as if someone had thrown them into a blender and turned it on.
I resolved to march up to the door, get the rent in my hand, and get out of the
place as quick as I could, and with the minimum of conversation.

&nbsp;

As I knocked on
the door I almost prayed that it would be Diane who answered, but to my dismay
it was Mark. For a moment we just stared at each other, before Mark stepped
aside and with an exaggerated sweep of his arm invited me inside.

&nbsp;

�I am in a
hurry,� I muttered with contempt. �Please get me the rent and I will be gone.�

&nbsp;

Mark walked over
to a tin and pulled out a sum of money and began laboriously counting it. My
nervousness returned and I began fidgeting, and I tried to mask it by making
polite conversation.

&nbsp;

�Diane�s out, is
she?� I enquired, trying to sound casual

&nbsp;

�No, she is home.
Just a little tied up.�

&nbsp;

�Oh� I responded 

&nbsp;

It was not until
Mark looked at me over his shoulder with a smirk on his face that the double
meaning of his response hit me. I immediately felt my neck flush but tried to
show no outward sign of any emotion.

&nbsp;

I looked away to
avoid eye contact with Mark, and then glanced impatiently at my watch. �Hurry
please. I am already late.�

&nbsp;

Mark counted the
money again, for what seemed to be the 3rd time. Finally he turned
to me and extended his hand containing the money. I walked over to him and took
hold of the money, but he would not release it. 

&nbsp;

Our eyes locked,
and I snarled, �Give me my money, you asshole.�

&nbsp;

�Diane is being
punished tonight for not finishing her exam report on time.�

&nbsp;

His comment hit
me like a sledgehammer and it took me a moment to get my wits back into some
semblance of order

&nbsp;

�What on earth do
you mean?� I asked indignantly

&nbsp;

�You know what I
mean, Norah. Oh you don�t mind if I call you Norah, do you? You know what I
mean because you have already witnessed her being punished once before. Haven�t
you Norah?� Mark raised one eyebrow in an inquiring manner.

&nbsp;

Confirmation that
he knew I had watched them made me feel physically sick, and for a moment I
felt faint. I struggled to control myself. I opened my mouth to speak but no
words came out. Almost before I realised it Mark had released his hold on the
money, but then took hold of my arm. He began to lead me down the hallway and I
found myself following like a mindless robot.

&nbsp;

�No.� I
protested. �Stop.� However even as I protested I
allowed myself to be led further down the hallway until we were standing
outside the closed bedroom door.

&nbsp;

�No, I must
leave. I want to leave. Please!� I pleaded to Mark.

&nbsp;

�I don�t believe
you.�

&nbsp;

�You are wrong. I
want to leave. Now!� I pulled my elbow away from his
grip, took a step back from, but went no further.

&nbsp;

�Lets do a deal, Norah.�

&nbsp;

�A
deal?� My voice
sounded like a pathetic squeak as I struggled to form my word coherently.

&nbsp;

�Come into the
bedroom and see Diane tied up and naked. I love for others to see her. It makes
her so humiliated. Then if you want to leave before I punish her then you can.�

&nbsp;

I shook my head
from side to side defiantly

&nbsp;

�No�, I mumbled,
but still I made no effort to retreat. �I must be leaving�..�

&nbsp;

Mid-sentence Mark
swung the bedroom door open, and suddenly the words would no longer form, and
came out as a groan. Before me was the beautiful, athletic, totally nude body
of young Diane. She was blindfolded. She was kneeling on the bed with her
buttocks high in the air, her back was arched, and her head rested on a pillow.
Ropes tightly secured her legs around her thighs and ankles. Her arms were
pulled viciously behind her and secured at her elbows and wrists.

&nbsp;

For a long while
Mark just let me soak up the scene from the safety of the hallway. No one spoke.
I was transfixed by the scene confronting me.�
Eventually Mark came to me, gently took my arm again and led me into the
bedroom. I offered no resistance.

&nbsp;

He stood me
beside the bed, then moved over to the stricken Diane, took hold of her
shoulders and lifted her so she was kneeling upright on the bed. Her arms were
secured so tightly it looked as if they would be dislocated at the shoulder.
This had the affect of lifting her chest cavity and thrusting her breasts
forward luridly. I could not believe how erect her small nipples were. I was
sure I had never seen my own anywhere near as erect. Again I admired her
beautifully athletic body with its absolutely flat tummy and well defined
muscle structure. I actually wanted to compliment her on her beautiful body,
but somehow it seemed so inappropriate. Also I doubted that my mouth was
capable of forming words coherently.

&nbsp;

For several
minutes I scanned her body, and she remained as still as a statue. The only
noise in the room was the sound of heavy breathing coming from Diane and
myself. 

&nbsp;

Again Mark gently
took my arm and led me to the end of the bed.

&nbsp;

�Bend over again�
he instructed his secured goddess. 

&nbsp;

Diane bent at the
waist and awkwardly placed her head on the pillow again. Without being asked
she arched her back and thrust her buttocks high in the air. I was now looking
straight down the cleft of her firm, round buttocks. Her puckered pink anus was
clearly in view. Her vaginal lips squeezed into view between her tightly
secured legs. Although I dare not admit it, even to myself, it was one of the
most erotic sights I had ever seen. And this realisation frightened me.

&nbsp;

I stared like a
mindless idiot. The sight was like a drug that I could not get enough of. I was
only too aware that I was again flushed and my brow was sweating. I was so
focused on the sight that I was only vaguely aware of Mark addressing me.

&nbsp;

�Pardon?� I enquired, forcing myself to look away
from Diane.

&nbsp;

�Punishment
time.� Mark repeated
himself

&nbsp;

�Punishment
time?� I repeated like
the village idiot

&nbsp;

�Yes,
Norah. I am now going
to punish Diane.� He then moved to a set of drawers, opened the top one and
after rummaging around he pulled out a wicked looking whip. This was different
than the one I had seen him using to punish Diane�s pubic mound. This whip was
about the same circumference but much longer. Mark swung his arm above his head
threateningly, making the whip whistle as it sliced through the air.

&nbsp;

My eyes widened
at the sight of the whip. I felt disgusted that Mark would even think of using
such a terrible device on Diane. What right did he think he had to punish her
in such a manner? I felt like screaming at him that no woman deserved to be
treated in this way. But I didn�t. I just stood. My eyes
moving from the whip, to Diane�s buttocks, then back to the whip.

&nbsp;

�Are you
leaving?� Again that quizzical look from Mark

&nbsp;

I had to leave. I
wanted to leave. But my legs felt as if they were riveted to the floor.

&nbsp;

�Are you leaving,
or staying to watch Diane be punished?�

&nbsp;

I forced myself
to focus on Mark. I stared deeply into his eyes. It was hard to comprehend they
were the eyes of a nineteen year old. At 42 years of age I was old enough to be
his mother. This thought caused another dose of self-loathing to course through
my veins. What the hell was I doing standing in this room.

&nbsp;

I lifted my nose
into the air and muttered with contempt, �I am going. You are sick. You are
both sick. I strongly suggest you get psychological help.�

&nbsp;

But even as I
spat out my condemnation I could not resist one last glance at Diane�s firm
buttocks perched high in the air, then a quick glance at the whip, then back to
the naked buttocks.

&nbsp;

�Well?� Mark
asked pointedly

&nbsp;

I turned to stare
at him once more. He now held the whip in front of himself with both hands,
repeatedly flexing it into an arc. Tension radiated through the room.

&nbsp;

�I think you
should leave.� Mark pointed the whip in the direction of the door.

&nbsp;

I tried to settle
my breathing. I tried to think clearly. Bile began to rise in my throat as the
realisation came to me that I actually did want to see Diane punished, as much
as it disgusted me and was against all my principles. I felt my shoulders slump
forward in defeat.

&nbsp;

Quietly I
muttered, �No�

&nbsp;

�No what, Norah?�

&nbsp;

�I want to stay.�
It crushed me to admit such a fact to this teenage boy. 

&nbsp;

�Why do you want
to stay, Norah?�

&nbsp;

I could no longer
look Mark in the eyes, and I glanced haplessly at the floor

&nbsp;

�I want to see
Diane punished.� I could not believe those words had come from my own mouth

&nbsp;

�Good girl.� Mark
smiled triumphantly

&nbsp;

He strode to the
end of the bed. I could see Diane�s body beginning to twitch in nervous
anticipation. Her buttocks were clenched tight, almost causing her anus to
disappear into the void.

&nbsp;

�Why
are you being punished tonight Diane?� Mark enquired

&nbsp;

�Because
I failed to finish my assignment on time, sir.� Diane�s voice was muffled by the pillow her face was
buried in.

&nbsp;

�Correct. Tonight
you will receive six lashes. I want you to count each one. Now relax you
buttocks.�

&nbsp;

Diane mumbled an affirmative
response as she relaxed her buttocks. Without ceremony the whip whistled
through the air and connected with her left buttock. Diane groaned in agony,
pumping her back up and down in an obvious attempt to dissipate the pain. A
deep red welt was already clearly visible.

&nbsp;

In a surprisingly
strong voice she mumbled, �One sir, thank you sir.�

&nbsp;

Out of corner of
my eye I saw Mark raise the whip again and I tensed, waiting for the contact.
However he just held it above his head for what seemed like an eternity.
Diane�s body was arched in anticipation. I admired her courage. I knew I could
never front up to such a beating. 

&nbsp;

Finally the whip
whistled through the air for a second time, connecting viciously with her right
buttock. Again Diane groaned loudly. But before she had time to recover and
count the stroke Mark raised the whip again quickly and lashed her in quick
succession with two further strikes.

&nbsp;

Diane groaned and
sobbed loudly and her body bucked about on the bed as it tried to instinctively
avoid the blows. She rolled onto her side, then
frantically tried to pull herself up to the kneeling position again. But with her arms secured so tightly behind her back this simple
act was made very difficult. Eventually she repositioned herself, and
without hesitation she arched her back down and drove her buttocks into the
air. She was still sobbing quietly.

&nbsp;

�Two sir, three sir, and four sir. Thank you
sir.�

&nbsp;

Mark smiled in
what seemed to be genuine admiration. �Good girl.�

&nbsp;

He raised his
arm, and the fifth and sixth blows fell in quick succession. Bravely Diane
counted them out between sobs.

&nbsp;

My mouth was wide
open, and for the first time I realised dribble was running out of the corner
of my life. I wiped my mouth with my sleeve, then
wiped the sweat from my forehead. My heart was pumping so fiercely I felt
light-headed, and was sure I was going to faint. With a drunken swagger I made
my way down the hallway, opened the front door, and took in gulps of the cool
fresh air. Gradually my head cleared and I made my way to my car. I realised I
was clutching tightly to the rent money, and threw it carelessly onto the
passenger seat. Some of the money floated onto the floor, but I left it there.
Although I did not fully understand it, I somehow sensed that my superficial,
money-orientated values were going to be challenged by something that was both
frightening but exciting.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Chapter 3    The trap is sprung




 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  32
  2006-02-28T02:38:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:38:00Z
  1
  2341
  13350
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  111
  31
  15660
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 3��� The trap is sprung

&nbsp;

As soon as I got
home I raced to the toilet and vomited violently. I then curled up in a ball on
the bathroom floor and began to cry. I didn�t know why I was crying, but I
sobbed like I had not done since a young child. My mind was swirling with
emotions I did not want to confront. My successful, comfortable life was being
turned upside down, and I hated myself for being weak and allowing it to
happen. I had to get control of my life again.

&nbsp;

For the next two
days I continued to cry every time I thought of the incident with Mark and
Diane. The emotion I felt over the incident was disgust. I would not allow
myself to even contemplate any other sort of emotion.

&nbsp;

Finally, after
several days, I began to get order back into my life. I successfully blocked Mark and Diane right out of my mind. It was as they
did not exist. I am good at this. Focus on what I need to, and totally ignore
everything else that is a diversion from me reaching my goals. I threw myself
with even more vigour into my property business, seeking out and purchasing a
further two properties to add to my portfolio. With housing
prices as strong as they are I could almost see my net worth increasing by the
day. Nothing makes me happier than making money.

&nbsp;

However when
mid-month came and the rent on 17 Wisteria Lane was due, I admit I felt very
apprehensive. I was unsure of how I would approach it if the payment were again
overdue. I breathed a huge sigh of relief when I checked my bank account and
found the money had gone through on time. I felt very content now that I had
definitely got my life back.

&nbsp;

You can imagine
my utter dismay when, two weeks later, month end rolled around, and the rent
from 17 Wisteria was not in my account. I could feel a knot in my stomach, and
I angrily screwed up the bank statement and threw it across the room. I
resolved to do nothing. I would not be provoked, and if I had to wait a few
days for my rent, so be it. I was sure once they saw I was not going to react
they would just pay the rent and leave me alone to live my life how I wished.

&nbsp;

Three days went
by. Four days. Five days. Still no rent. By the
seventh day I was steaming. By the eighth day I was furious. How dare those
perverted little motherfuckers treat me like this? I could avoid a
confrontation no longer, and hatched a plan. I would not give them any advance
warning I was arriving, and would turn up at dinner time when I was damn sure
Diane would not be �a little tied up.� 

&nbsp;

That evening I
arrived at 17 Wisteria Lane a little after 6pm. Rain was falling noisily on the roof of my Mercedes.
Their battered Honda was parked in the driveway. I had been full of confidence
on the drive over there, but now I could feel myself becoming nervous. I
silently cursed that I had not thought to bring an umbrella or a rain jacket.
Sucking in a deep breath to settle my nerves I open my car door and got out. By
the time I had ensured my car was locked I was already becoming drenched as the
rain pelted down. I sprinted across the road, and was half way up the path to
the front door when I tripped on a loose paving stone. It sent me sprawling
forward as I fell awkwardly on the pathway and slid into the garden. For a
moment I just lay there, stunned, feeling the rain pelting on my back.
Gradually I pulled myself to my feet. I did not appear to have suffered any
injury other than a painful graze on my knee. I looked down at my dress, and
saw I was a mess. I was drenched with water and covered with dirt. I tried to
decide what my best option was. I did not want Mark and Diane to see me looking
such a mess, but there was no way I could get into my sporty little Mercedes
covered in dirt and dripping water everywhere.

&nbsp;

I resolved that I
had come this far, and at the very least I had to get my rent. Gingerly I took
the few remaining steps to the front door and knocked. For several seconds
there was no response and I huddled under the tiny porch trying to get some
protection from the rain. I was shivering from the cold. Finally the door swung
open and both Diane and Mark were standing there. They gazed at me in
amazement. Mark began giggling, and Diane soon followed.

&nbsp;

�Are you all
right?� Diane finally thought to enquire of my wellbeing.

&nbsp;

�No, I bloody am
not.� I replied indignantly. �I want my rent�..now!�

&nbsp;

�You need to come
inside and dry out.� Diane continued to show concern

&nbsp;

�Just get me my
fucking rent now!� I yelled, not thinking rationally as to what I was going to
do once I had my rent. 

&nbsp;

Mark continued to
stare at me with his quizzical frown while Diane disappeared into the warmth of
the house, returning shortly after with a bundle of notes secured by a rubber
band. She reached out her hand and I snatched the money. The three of us then
just stared at each other. I realised that my pigheadedness had backed me into
a corner. The rain was pelting down even harder than when I had arrived, and a
sudden clap of thunder made me jump. I had been scared of thunderstorms ever
since I was a young child.

&nbsp;

�Please come
inside and dry out.� It was Mark this time who made the
request.

&nbsp;

�No!� I responded
surlily, like a petulant child.

&nbsp;

�Very
well.� Mark responded
sharply, and stepped back to close the front door.

&nbsp;

I panicked. I did
not want to be outside in the thunderstorm.

&nbsp;

�Wait!� I
shouted.

&nbsp;

Mark stopped
closing door, and I swear he almost smiled. He said nothing. Diane was looking
over his shoulder. I stared out into the rain and tried to weigh up my options.
Another clap of thunder echoed directly overhead.

&nbsp;

�Can I please
come in for just a moment to dry out a little?� I rationalised that if I went
inside I could at least dry off a little and with a bit of luck the storm will
pass over quickly.

&nbsp;

Mark stepped
aside and beckoned for me to enter with an exaggerated sweep of his arm. I
stepped past them both and entered the lounge, water dripping from me onto the
carpet. Diane retrieved a towel and I did my best to soak up some of the water
from my clothing. I wanted to ask if I could use the bathroom to dry myself and
clean up, but the bathroom was down the hallway beside the bedroom, and I was
determined to stay in the lounge. 

&nbsp;

I felt like an
idiot standing in the lounge, trying to towel myself down while my two young
tenants just stared at me silently. The carpet around my feet was stained by a
pool of dirty water. I glanced down at my top and realised, to my horror, that
the rain had made the material transparent and even though I was wearing a bra
my nipples were clearly visible. I quickly clutched the towel to my front,
causing both of my young tenants to quietly chuckle.

&nbsp;

I hated being
placed in a position where I felt vulnerable. I needed to be in control of
circumstances, but at that moment I felt anything but in control. 

&nbsp;

Mark lent over to
Diane and whispered into her ear. For a moment Diane looked back at him with what
seemed to be mild shock, then slowly turned to stare
at me, a distinct grin on her face. She then disappeared down the hallway. My
blood ran cold and I began to shiver. I was suddenly aware of how uncomfortable
my breasts felt in the soaked bra, and pulled the towel away slightly from my
chest so that I could view them. I was so embarrassed to notice that my nipples
were rock hard. Harder than I had ever seen them in my life.
I quickly pulled the towel back to my chest. It must be the cold, I rationalised.

&nbsp;

There was an
awkward silence as Mark and I stared at each other across the room. Then Diane
re-appeared from the hallway, and I swear I just about died. She was totally
naked. As she walked towards me I tried to mouth words of protest but my tongue
was thick and heavy, and I only ended up making a jumbled noise like a two-year
old child. 

&nbsp;

Brazenly she
stopped in front of me, hands at her side, making no attempt in any way to hide
her total nudity. Despite myself I could not help but take in her beautiful
nubile young body, with the perky erect breasts, flat tummy, well defined legs,
and to top it off her thinly populated thatch of blond pubic hair that did a
poor job of hiding her labia from view.

&nbsp;

She just stood in
front of me, unmoving, her head tilted to one side. Her body seemed to be
sending out the message that I could stare at it as long as I wanted. I wanted
to avert my eyes, look in another direction, but I was fixated on the nude body
in front of me. I couldn�t even begin to rationalise why. I had never felt any
lesbian tendencies in my life, and had taken no pleasure at staring at the nude
bodies of fellow females. But Diane was different. How, I don�t know. She was
just different.� Her appearance was just
so erotic, I cannot think of any other way to describe it.� As I stared at her nakedness all rational
thoughts and actions seemed to drain from my body.

&nbsp;

Diane stepped
closer to me, so close that I could reach out and touch her if I had the
courage. But it was Diane who reached out to me, her hands beginning to undo
the buttons on my top.

&nbsp;

�No�stop...what
on earth are you doing?� My mind suddenly kicked into gear and I was mortified
by Diane�s actions.

&nbsp;

�You need to get
that wet top off. Don�t be silly. You will freeze to death.� Diane�s voice was
so calm and reassuring, convincing me I was over-reacting.

&nbsp;

�No, I will be
fine,� I continued to protest, but even as I did her hands continued to undo
the buttons, and almost before I realised she was pulling the soaked top off my
shoulders and down my arms until it was free of my body. She then turned and
threw it in the direction of the kitchen sink.

&nbsp;

Instinctively I
lifted my arms up and crossed them in front of my bra so that my nipples were
not exposed. But even as I did this Diane had turned her attention back to me
and unfastened the two buttons on my skirt, then lowered the zip. I was
observing these events as if they were not happening to me. It felt like I was
outside of my body looking down on events, like a movie.� It was surreal, like nothing I had
experienced before. 

&nbsp;

My skirt fell off
my hips and bundled around my feet. Diane knelt down to pick it up

&nbsp;

�Move your feet,
silly�, Diane looked up at me with a condescending smile.

&nbsp;

For a long moment
I just stood there. I had this feeling of being a young girl being undressed by
her mother, which was so preposterous given I was in fact the one old enough to
be the mother of Diane, not vice versa.

&nbsp;

�Come on, its not hard, just lift one foot at a time.� Diane was
tapping my leg. I felt stupid. 

&nbsp;

I lifted my feet
and allowed Diane to remove my skirt, which was also thrown in the general
direction of the kitchen sink. I was now clothed in only my bra and panties.
Even though I still had my underwear on, I don�t think I had ever felt so
exposed in my life. I slid one hand down to modestly cover my pubic region,
while the other arm covered my breasts. I was flushed, but also shivering.

&nbsp;

Diane moved
behind me and I felt her undoing the clasp of my bra.

&nbsp;

�No! No!� I
protested, this time with much more conviction. �I am fine. I will be dry in no
time.� 

&nbsp;

I was aware I was
shivering, even though I did not feel cold. I looked around for the towel I had
discarded. Diane moved back in front of me again, standing so close I could
feel her warm breath on my cheek. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t be silly,
Norah. You need to show some trust� Diane was so reassuring.

&nbsp;

She reached out
with both hands and grasped the top of my bra cups. I could feel the gentle
warmth of her fingers touching my chest. I felt her pulling the cups away from
my breasts. I wanted to resist, but my actions indicated otherwise as I moved
my arm out of the way. I was aware of my bra coming free of my body but was too
afraid to look down, instead focusing my eyes on an invisible object above
Diane�s head.

&nbsp;

As if in a dream
Diane�s hands slid under the waistband. I sucked in my tummy. My heart pumped
furiously in my chest, and I felt light-headed. I prayed I would not faint, or worse still, vomit. My senses screamed at me to
stop her, but my body would not react. My arms hung uselessly at my side.

&nbsp;

I felt my panties
slide over my hips and down to my thighs. I knew that my pubic region was now
exposed. I expected to feel mortified. I wanted to be indignant, disgusted. But
I felt none of those things. I just felt a release I cannot explain.

&nbsp;

My panties were
at my feet and following a light prod on my ankle from Diane I raised my legs
to allow them to be removed. My body was radiating a sexual aura I had never
felt in my life.

&nbsp;

When I lowered my
eyes, Diane was standing in front of me again. I soaked up the sight of her
gorgeous nymphet body. It seemed to beg to be touched, and I reached out my
arms, placing my open hands on her beautiful firm breasts. I could feel her
erect nipples pressing against my palms. I gently squeezed both of them,
fascinated like a child.

&nbsp;

�What the hell
are you to doing?� Mark�s voice boomed across the room.

&nbsp;

I jumped with
shock and my arms dropped to my sides. I suddenly felt very embarrassed. What
on earth had I just done? I was mortified by my actions. It was as if some
mysterious force was controlling my body

&nbsp;

�Did I give you
permission to let Norah touch your breasts?� Mark was angrily pointing a finger
at Diane.

&nbsp;

�No sir.� Diane
replied meekly

&nbsp;

He turned to me.
�What right did you have to touch the breasts of my girlfriend, and right in
front of my own eyes? You could have at least curbed your dyke behaviour until
I was not here.�

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth
to say something, but there were no words to explain my behaviour. Instead I
just shook my head from side to side in total disbelief at what I had done.

&nbsp;

�Down on your
knees!� Mark barked angrily

&nbsp;

Diane dropped to
her knees, eyes downcast. Mark altered his gaze to stare directly at me, his
eyes piercing through to my core

&nbsp;

�If you make me
repeat myself your punishment will be worse.�

&nbsp;

I frowned back at
him, not comprehending what he was referring to. Suddenly it hit me. He was
actually expecting me to go down on my knees. A 42 year old woman, and his
landlady to boot, and he was expecting me to go down on my knees because some
19 year old whippersnapper requested it. Even if I had touched his girlfriend�s
breasts, there was no way he was going to order me around

&nbsp;

�Look here you
little motherfucker, I��.� I protested indignantly, but Mark cut me off rudely
mid sentence.

&nbsp;

�You have until I
count to three. If you are not down on your knees by then I will double your
punishment. One!�

&nbsp;

I gave him my
most resolute, steely look, that always showed people
what a hard-nosed bitch I was.

&nbsp;

Mark was totally
unimpressed. �Two!�

&nbsp;

I maintained my
steely exterior, but my emotions inside were a turmoil. I was still feeling
light-headed and finding it difficult to think rationally.

&nbsp;

Mark pursed his
lips with the clear intention of mouthing �Three�. At that point I just allowed
my legs to buckle and I fell easily into a kneeling position.� Like Diane I kept my eyes downcast, mainly
because it just felt like the right thing to do.

&nbsp;

Mark kept us both
in that position for many minutes. I glanced down at my lap and could see my
untrimmed thick thatch of pubic hair. I tried to absorb the fact that I was
totally naked, kneeling in front of an 19 year old
youth. I furtively glanced across at Diane, as if to confirm in my mind that
his 18 year old girlfriend was also naked beside me. And a few brief moments
ago I had reached out and touched her breasts. I should have felt revolted. But
incredibly I did not. I was certainly frightened and apprehensive at what lay
ahead for me. But underlying this was a deep, warm feeling that almost felt
like excitement, although I knew that could not possibly be the case.














Chapter Four  

 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  17
  2006-02-28T02:39:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:39:00Z
  1
  1743
  9940
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  82
  23
  11660
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter
Four��� Caught in the cage

&nbsp;

After leaving
Diane and myself kneeling for many minutes I sensed Mark walking up behind us.
I desperately wanted to look around, but was too afraid to move. I felt his
hand resting gently on my head. It is time for my little ladies to be punished.
Are we ready?

&nbsp;

�Yes sir,� Diane
responded without hesitation.

&nbsp;

I could not bring
myself to respond. Suddenly he grabbed a handful of my hair and wrenched my
head back painfully so that I was gazing up at him.

&nbsp;

�Listen to me bitch,
do you want to double your punish? If not you had better start behaving
yourself.� There was such venom in his voice. �Now, I will ask one last time, are you ready?�

&nbsp;

He was pulling on
my hair so hard I felt as if he was going to wrench it from my scalp, and my
neck muscles were straining to their limit as my head was arched right back. I
felt so vulnerable and out of control.

&nbsp;

�Yes� I pleaded

&nbsp;

�Yes what!� he
spat the words, pulling my hair even harder.

&nbsp;

�Yes,
sir.� There was defeat
in my tone.

&nbsp;

He held his grip
for a few seconds longer, as if reinforcing his control over me, then released me. My scalp felt so tender and I desperately
wanted to massage it, but did not want to run the risk of provoking Mark. Tears
were rolling down both cheeks.

&nbsp;

�What a cry baby�
he chided me. �I suggest you save the tears until you have something really
worth crying about. And you won�t have long to wait.� 

&nbsp;

He chuckled
quietly to himself, and a shiver went up my spine.

&nbsp;

�Now crawl down
the hallway and wait for me beside the bed.�

&nbsp;

I turned to
Diane, hoping beyond all hope that I had misheard, however this was quickly
dispelled as she lent forward and placed her hands on the carpet, then began
crawling off in the direction of the hallway. For a moment I hesitated, then
set off like a puppy following its mother. I felt so ridiculous. And to make
matters worse I knew that Mark was standing directly behind my waggling
buttocks. I could only imagine the view I was affording him, and found myself
blushing even more. Heat was suffusing through my body in a manner I had never
experienced before, and it was at its most intense in my lower abdomen.

&nbsp;

Like a puppy I
followed Diane down the hallway and into the bedroom. She knelt, facing the
bed, and I did not hesitate to follow suite.

We knelt and
waited. I wanted to ask Diane what was going to happen to us, but was too
scared to speak in case I incurred the wrath of Mark. So we waited in silence,
and it gave me time to reflect on how I was feeling. I was full of dread, but I
was also trying to fathom what other sensations I was experiencing. There was a
warm feeling of exhilaration filtering through my body, and its intensity was
building. I had to work hard to settle my breathing.

&nbsp;

I would have no
idea how long we knelt beside the bed, but eventually I heard Mark enter the
room behind us. I held my breath.

&nbsp;

�Who is to be
punished first?� He sounded almost polite.

&nbsp;

I continued to
hold my breath.

&nbsp;

�I think I should
go first, sir� Diane responded.

&nbsp;

I allowed myself
to breath quietly.

&nbsp;

�Kneel on the
bed. You know how I want you.�

&nbsp;

I glanced up to
see Diane scramble onto the bed, kneeling with her buttocks in the air, and her
head on the bed. She then arched her back downwards, which tightened her
buttocks and pushed them out even further.

&nbsp;

�Are you wet?� It
was such an intimate question that Mark inquired of Diane that it caused me to
blush and I looked down at the carpet again.

&nbsp;

�Yes sir� Diane
had no hesitation in responding.

&nbsp;

�A little wet, or
wet like a whore?� Mark continued his verbal probe.

&nbsp;

�Wet like a
whore, sir.�

&nbsp;

Mark laughed
quietly. �At least you are an honest whore.�

&nbsp;

�Why are you
being punished?�

&nbsp;

�Because
I allowed Norah to touch my breasts without your permission, sir.�

&nbsp;

The mention of my
name and my deeds made me shut my eyes tightly with shame. I was caught by
surprise when Diane let out a loud gasp of pain. Instinctively I opened my eyes
and looked up. A red welt covered both cheeks. I glanced up at Mark in time to
see the second blow being delivered. He had the long whip in his hand that he
had used on Diane the second time I witnessed her punishment. 

&nbsp;

Diane grunted as
the second blow struck. My mouth was open in awe, and I was breathing in short
gasps, my eyes magnetised to the movement of the whip. I watched all six strokes
of the whip rise and fall on Diane�s beautiful tender buttocks. Again I had
this surreal sensation, like I was watching a very good movie in a dream. I
could hear Diane sobbing, her noise muffled by the bed.

&nbsp;

As she crawled
back off the bed to kneel beside me again I quickly snapped back to reality. I
was overcome with panic and a desire to flee as quick
as my little legs would carry me. I feared the pain. I feared I would not have
the courage to endure the whipping. I feared I would embarrass myself. 

&nbsp;

But before my
thoughts could organise themselves into any coherent action I heard Mark speak,
but in my panic the words did not register any meaning to me. I looked up at
him, my eyes as wide as saucers. His finger was pointing at the bed, and I knew
only too well what was required of me.

&nbsp;

In everyone�s
lives there are times when you reach a crossroad, and you must make a decision
that you know will affect the direction your life will take. These decisions
are rarely easy. As I knelt beside that bed, I was at such a crossroad. I
instinctively knew that if I made the decision to climb up onto the bed then I
was going to alter the course of my life in a significant manner.

&nbsp;

I could have
chosen the safe option. I knew if I stood up and walked out, Mark would make no
physical attempt to stop me. Instead, I mustered all the strength I had in my
naked, 42 year old body and pulled myself up onto that bed.

&nbsp;

Without being
asked I knelt, placed my head on the bed, arched my back, and stuck my buttocks
in the air. Brief revulsion surged up my body as I envisaged the view I would
be affording the two teenagers. I knew my most intimate parts were totally
exposed. It caused me to physically gag and for a brief, horrible moment I
feared I was going to vomit. I managed to swallow the searing burning in my
throat, and focused on settling my breathing.

&nbsp;

Again I heard
Mark speak, but the words would not register. I tried to focus on what was
happening around me. There was silence.

&nbsp;

�Pardon?� I enquired quietly, hoping that my inattention
had not angered Mark.

&nbsp;

�Are you wet?� He
repeated himself patiently; almost as if he had some empathy with what I was
going through.

&nbsp;

�No!� I should
have been indignant at being asked such a question. The old Mrs Norah Bentley
would never have tolerated such rudeness.

&nbsp;

�Not
at all?� Forever the
quizmaster

&nbsp;

�No.�

&nbsp;

�Are you sure?�

&nbsp;

�Yes� I prayed he
would just move on

�I am not so
sure. I think our Norah is more than a little turned on.�

&nbsp;

Now I was
indignant. �I am not wet!�

&nbsp;

However Mark was
hardly the type to accept my word. When I felt his hand touch my buttock I
jumped forward with surprise.

&nbsp;

�Push back� he
commanded

&nbsp;

�Please,� I
pleaded, aware my voice had gone up several octaves

&nbsp;

�Push back, or I will double your punishment.�

&nbsp;

I took two deep
breaths, then pushed my buttocks back and arched my back again. His hand once
again rested on my buttock.

&nbsp;

�If you are so
confident you are not wet, I will do you a deal. �

&nbsp;

�A
deal?� I was puzzled

&nbsp;

�If you are dry,
I will let you off with only three strikes of the cane, however if you are wet
I will add another three onto the six I was intending to give you.�

&nbsp;

�I am not wet!� I
repeated stubbornly

&nbsp;

�Very well�

&nbsp;

With that Mark�s
hand squeezed both of my buttocks hard, before sliding a single finger
teasingly up and down between the cheeks, lightly brushing over my anus. A part
of me wanted to desperately pull away from his touch, but I forced myself to
hold my position. He then allowed his finger to slide provocatively lower,
gently touching my labia. I was desperately sucking in air, trying to remain
calm. I do not believe I had ever felt so embarrassed in my life.

&nbsp;

Then without
warning Mark thrust two fingers deep into my vagina

&nbsp;

�Oh
my�..stop�.please!� I was so shocked I could not form a coherent sentence.

&nbsp;

�Ah
oh. This is not good
news, Norah�, Mark chirped.

&nbsp;

As I turned to
look at him flabbergasted, Mark withdrew his fingers from deep within my
vaginal canal. They were unmistakably glistening with my juices.

&nbsp;

�You are sooooo
busted!!!� Mark cooed. �You are one very wet lady.�

&nbsp;

I could not
understand it, and just gazed at him disbelievingly. But there was no mistaking
the wetness on his fingers. And there was no mistaking the sexual musk I was
emitting. I knew, that despite the terrible
predicament I was in, I was undeniably sexually stimulated. It was a crushing
realisation.

&nbsp;

�I think you had
better put that head back on the bed and get that butt of yours well and truly
up in the air�.

&nbsp;

My resistance was
broken, and I obeyed without question, even though I couldn�t even begin to
comprehend the events that had unfolded this evening. I was about to be
whipped, for heavens sake.

&nbsp;

And with that
thought in my head, the first stroke of the whip bit into my buttocks, and my
mind exploded with the pain. I am not sure what I expected, but I did not think
it would hurt so bad. I just grunted over and over,
and then the second blow struck, and I rolled over onto my side, then onto my
back. My hands were rubbing my backside furiously, and I was crying out like a
baby. To make matters worse both Mark and Diane were grinning at me.

&nbsp;

�No
more, please!� I
begged Mark.

&nbsp;

�A deal is a
deal,� was his cold-hearted response. He lent over the bed, flipped me over
onto my stomach, then like a puppet picked me up by
the hips.

&nbsp;

�Get back into
position.�

&nbsp;

With great
reluctance I obeyed.� I had barely tucked
my knees under me and raised my buttocks when Mark struck again. It hurt like
hell but I sucked in the pain and determinedly held my position. I just managed
to hold myself together for the fourth stroke, but when the whip struck for the
fifth time the flood gates opened and I was blubbing like a baby again and
begging for mercy. I must have sounded pathetic. I just kept pleading with him
over and over. I had no pride left, and would say anything to stop the beating.

&nbsp;

Mark let me
ramble on and on, begging and pleading.

&nbsp;

�Get up.� Mark
ordered abruptly.

&nbsp;

I jumped off the
bed quickly. Anything to avoid the whip. I stood
before him, tears streaming down my cheeks. I made no attempt to hide my nudity
from him. I desperately wanted to rub my derri�re, but did not want to risk
angering Mark; therefore I left my arms limp by my side.

&nbsp;

�We had a deal.�
Mark spoke with contempt

&nbsp;

�I know. I know.
But please,� I pleaded, �I cannot take any more of the whip. Please, I will do
anything, but not the whip.�

&nbsp;

�Anything?� Mark gave me his quizzical look, raising
one eyebrow.

&nbsp;

�Anything� I
repeated, gulping, trying to bring my sobbing under control.

&nbsp;

�Is this another
of your deals that you won�t keep?� he responded sarcastically

&nbsp;

�Noooo� I
responded, pouting my lip like a child

&nbsp;

�Very
well. I will take you
at your word. But when it is time to settle, and you had better come a running.
Understand!!� Mark yelled the last word at me like a Sergeant Major.

&nbsp;

�Yes sir� I
whimpered pathetically, still sobbing uncontrollably.

&nbsp;

Satisfied, Mark
turned and abruptly left the bedroom. Diane put a comforting arm around me, and
I put my head on her shoulder and cried my heart out. It was not the physical
pain so much. I was just so frightened by what I had done, and had allowed to
be done to me. I did not understand who I was anymore. My persona had fractured
like a china doll.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Chapter Five




 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  20
  2006-02-28T02:39:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:39:00Z
  1
  2662
  15180
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  126
  35
  17807
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter
Five���� Fed to the Cubs

&nbsp;

After many
minutes of crying my heart out on Diane�s shoulder, she led me around to the
other side of the bed, opened up her wardrobe and after searching through
several shelves she pulled out a track suit.

&nbsp;

�Here, put this
on love.�

&nbsp;

I was several
sizes bigger than Diane, but the tracksuit was loose fitting and I gratefully
took it from her and dressed myself. I had no underwear but that was of little
consequence. I was just grateful to be able to hide my nakedness. Diane also
threw on a tee shirt and shorts that did little to hide her desirable body.

&nbsp;

Diane then took
my hand, and led me like a helpless child down the hallway to the front door.
Thankfully Mark was nowhere in sight. Diane opened the front door, placed the
rent money in my hand, kissed me lightly on cheek, and as I stepped outside she
mumbled in my ear, �You are so sweet.� She actually caused me to blush.

&nbsp;

Fortunately the
rain and thunder had now passed. I drove home in a stunned trance, and once
inside my apartment I flopped onto the bed, exhausted, and surprisingly slept
like a baby.

&nbsp;

Needless to say,
I could not face up to what I had allowed to happen to me. It troubled me
greatly and I just could not deal with it emotionally. I soon convinced myself
that it was an act of temporary insanity, brought about by the stress of the
unpaid rent and the frightening storm. I desperately wanted to forget the whole
incident, but what troubled me most was the �deal� I had done with Mark to stop
the whipping. I decided to hatch up a smart plan to get me off the hook. I
wrote a very polite letter to them both, apologising for my behaviour on that
night, asking them to forgive me and also to forget about everything that had
happened. I also wrote that I realised I had, under stress, made a deal with
Mark, and since I was a woman who kept her word I was prepared to offer them
one months free rent in exchange for the deal.

&nbsp;

Even though it
irritated me greatly to forfeit one months rent, I
desperately wanting to get the �deal� settled otherwise I would always be in
fear of picking up the phone and hearing Mark�s voice on the other end. I was
very confident they would jump at my generous offer, given they were poor
students.

&nbsp;

I was
flabbergasted when I opened my mail a few days later to find they had returned
my letter to me, and in big print had written �No
deal.� I was furious and picked up the phone to have it out with them, but then
thought better of it and hung up before I had finished dialling. 

&nbsp;

I was totally on
edge. Every time the phone went over the ensuing days I picked it up with
trepidation. I struggled to stay focused on my business and felt my life was
falling apart.

&nbsp;

Finally the time
came when the rent was due. I checked my bank account, but the payment had not
been made. I was not surprised. I had to wait 2 days until I received the phone
call that I knew was inevitable. It was Mark, requesting that I pick the rent
up from them in person at 8.00pm that night

&nbsp;

�I would much
rather not,� I responded, but to me my voice lacked conviction.

&nbsp;

�
But you will�, Mark
replied confidently, �You are, after all, a woman of your word. Isn�t that how
you put it?�

&nbsp;

�Yes but I made a
fair offer to�..� I tried to plead my case but Mark had hung up.

&nbsp;

I tried to stay
focused by cooking dinner, but then found I had no appetite to eat it. I then
ran a hot bath and bathed in the luxuriant warmth. It made me relax and cleared
my head. I resolved I would go to 17 Wisteria Lane and collect the rent. However I was a
grown woman and would not allow myself to be manipulated by a teenager. If I
were strong, nothing would happen to me. 

&nbsp;

I drove to 17
Wisteria feeling strong and confident. It was a beautiful starry night. A good
omen I though. I parked my Mercedes and strode confidently up to the front
door, but as I stood there about to knock I could feel the butterflies in my
stomach and the familiar quicken of the heartbeat. I was furious with myself as
I sucked in big breaths of fresh air to try and steady myself. I was then
totally off guard when the front door opened, as I had not even knocked.

&nbsp;

It was Mark,
wearing only a bathrobe, and with his mobile phone to his ear. He beckoned for
me to come in but continued his conversation on the mobile. I entered and stood
awkwardly, aware that even though he had not even said a word to me he was
already exerting his control. 

&nbsp;

Finally he
interrupted his conversation and addressed me. �Undress.�

&nbsp;

He made the
comment so casually, like he was asking me if I wanted coffee.

&nbsp;

For a moment I
stared at him open mouthed, then responded, �Pardon Me?�

&nbsp;

�You heard me.
Undress. Take off all your clothing. Everything. Including your jewellery.�

&nbsp;

I was deeply
embarrassed. Not only was he showing me absolutely no respect, but also whoever
was on the phone could clearly overhear how he was talking to me. I stood
defiant. I looked up the hallway hoping that Diane would appear to at least
give me support. And the thought of seeing her delectable naked body would be
very pleasant, I hated to admit to myself. However
Diane was nowhere to be seen.

&nbsp;

�I will not ask
again.� Marks young eyes pierced through me, then he casually returned to his
phone conversation.

&nbsp;

I tried so hard
to remain stoic. To remain loyal to my old persona.
But my hands betrayed me. They began undoing the buttons to my own clothing. I
was having this outer body experience again. I was this other person looking
down on this 42 year old woman betraying all her ideals, all her morals.

&nbsp;

Soon I was clad
in only my underwear. I wanted desperately to stop there, to retain some of my
dignity at least. But instead I took in a deep breath, removed my bra, and then
stepped out of my panties. I could not believe I had actually done it. Then I
recalled his request to remove my jewellery therefore took out my earrings and removed
my two rings. This simple act served to even increase my feelings of nakedness.

&nbsp;

Throughout my
undressing Mark starred at me dispassionately, continuing his conversation
unabated. Once I was naked I fidgeted nervously. I was embarrassed beyond
belief, but knew that underlying all this embarrassment there was an undeniable
sexual energy pulsing through my body. This frightened me, as I did not
understand it. There is no way I should be feeling this way.

&nbsp;

Finally Mark
finished his conversation and put down the phone. His eyes studied me from head
to toe.

&nbsp;

�Turn around�

&nbsp;

Slowly I turned
full circle. I could not believe I was allowing this 19 year old to study my
body in detail.

&nbsp;

�You are
overweight�

&nbsp;

I am not sure
what I expected Mark to say to me, but it was certainly not as ego crushing as
being told I am overweight. 

&nbsp;

�I am a lot older
than you and Diane,� I responded defensively.

&nbsp;

�How old are
you?�

&nbsp;

�Thirty nine,� I
lied. A woman lying about her age comes naturally.

&nbsp;

�Your age is no
excuse for being overweight� 

&nbsp;

I felt like
telling him he would hardly know what it was like to endure a broken marriage
and work long hours running a successful business,
however I just bit my lower lip and remained silent

&nbsp;

�Do you
exercise?� he enquired

&nbsp;

�No.�

&nbsp;

�Not at all?� he
responded, almost disbelievingly

&nbsp;

�No. I am a busy
woman.� I felt very affronted by his questioning

&nbsp;

�That is no
excuse. Do you watch your diet?�

&nbsp;

�
No. I guess not� I
hated his line of questioning, mainly because it was a sore point with me. I
did not exercise, I did not eat well, and I was most definitely overweight for
my height and age.

&nbsp;

�How much do you
weigh?� he continued to probe.

&nbsp;

�I don�t know.� I
responded surly, and it was the truth. I had been too afraid to hop on the
scales for a long while. 

&nbsp;

�There are scales
in the bathroom. Go and weigh yourself.�

&nbsp;

Feeling like a
child being scolded by her mother, I trotted naked down the hall to the
bathroom, weighed myself, checking a second time to ensure they were right, then returned to Mark.

&nbsp;

�Well?� he
enquired, giving me the familiar raised eyebrow look.

&nbsp;

�148 lb� Against
my better judgement, I did not lie.

&nbsp;

�And what weight
did you use to be?�

&nbsp;

�120 lb� The
truth hurt. For my size I was at least 20lb overweight. Not a disaster, but I
was getting flabby and my weight was increasing alarmingly.

&nbsp;

�I will give you
an exercise program and a diet for you to follow. If you do not lose weight you
will be punished. Is that clear?�

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth
in amazement. I knew that both Diane and Mark were both studying physical
education at university, but this still gave him no right to treat me in such a
manner.

&nbsp;

I glared at Mark,
but he just glared right back.

&nbsp;

�Have I made
myself clear?�

&nbsp;

I hung my head in
defeat. �Yes sir.�

&nbsp;

�Very
well. Lets move on. I am eager to settle the little �deal� we
have.�

&nbsp;

My heart began to
pound with trepidation, and again I felt light headed, followed quickly by
nausea. Fear registered in my eyes. I quickly cupped my hands over my mouth as
I dry-retched, and made a dash for the toilet fearing I was going to vomit.

&nbsp;

Fortunately I
didn�t and eventually I managed to settle my nerves down. Sheepishly I returned
to Mark, who had not moved

�Are we ready
now?� he enquired, seemingly showing a smidgen of concern for my wellbeing

&nbsp;

�Yes sir�

&nbsp;

I had expected
him to head off down the hallway to the bedroom, but instead he went in the
opposite direction towards the garage. Confused, I silently followed him, and
we did indeed enter the garage. It was cold and dank, and full of old furniture
and general rubbish. The floor was dirty. I had promised to clean it out for my
young tenants so they could use it to park their car, but had not got around to
it, figuring they had such a heap of a car it wouldn�t matter if it were left
parked outside. I felt bad at my inaction.

&nbsp;

Mark turned to
me, �Did you, or did you not, promise to clear out this garage for us?�

&nbsp;

I hung my head in
genuine shame, �I promise I will get it done straight away�

&nbsp;

�Good. But to
reinforce your shameful conduct you are going to be punished, here, amongst the
filthy mess.�

&nbsp;

I looked around
at the mess. �Please no, I promise I will have it cleaned tomorrow.�

&nbsp;

�Too
late for your promises.�
With that Mark picked up a coil of rope from the floor. �Turn around�

&nbsp;

Obediently I
turned to face away from him. He reached around me with the rope and tied it
tightly around my waist, restricting my breath. He then clasped my hands
together and tied them to the back of my waist.

&nbsp;

�Open your legs�

&nbsp;

I slid my legs
open, and felt Mark reach through with the rope. I let out a cry of surprise as
I felt him pull my pussy lips open, placing the rope through the middle. The
rope was then looped around itself at my waist in the front, then
pulled back through my pussy. He fiddled around until he was sure it was tight
to his satisfaction then secured it.

&nbsp;

The feeling of
the rope biting into my labia was painful and pinched my tender, sensitive
genital region. But I knew it was also inflaming my arousal. It felt lustfully nasty, the way the control was taken away from me. I was
totally in Mark�s hands for him to do with me what he wanted. It was an exotic
cocktail I had never experienced before.

&nbsp;

Mark then pushed
me towards a dirty, stained old armchair that had lost half of its stuffing.

&nbsp;

�Kneel on it,� he
commanded, pointing to the chair. 

&nbsp;

Without question
I hobbled to the chair, taking short shuffles due to the way the rope was
pinching my labia when I moved. I knelt on the seat of the chair, and found I
had to rest my head on the back of it to keep my balance. I could smell the
stale mustiness of the old furniture. 

&nbsp;

I waited in
silence. Having bent at the waist the rope was pulling even tighter over my
anus and vagina. The more uncomfortable I felt, the more aroused I became. I
prayed Mark would not notice. I could hear Mark looking around in the rubble,
and suspected he was trying to find something suitable to beat me with. Finally
I heard him give a grunt of approval. I held my breath and anticipated the
pain.

&nbsp;

When he struck me
with the piece of flat wood he had in his hand I bounced forward with pain and
came dangerously close to falling over the back of the chair. I was leaning
over the back, trying to struggle back into position, when he struck me a
second time. I cried out in surprise and toppled over the back of the chair,
falling on a pile of rubbish. I fell in a heap, unable to protect myself as my
hands were secured behind my back. I lay there helplessly, unable to get up,
sobbing at the pain in my buttocks.

&nbsp;

Mark�s hands
roughly grabbed at my ropes and he levered me out of the rubbish. The ropes cut
into me painfully. I was dirty and smelt. He positioned me back in the chair,
my buttocks elevated. He spanked me hard two further times. My backside was on
fire, and I sobbed profusely into the musty chair back.

&nbsp;

Mark then took
hold of my arm and roughly pulled me off the chair. I fell onto my knees on the
dirty garage floor. When I looked up at Mark he had opened the front of his
bathrobe, exposing his nakedness. His penis was full and erect, and seemed to
be pointing accusingly at me. Without a word he took a handful of my hair and
pulled me to his crutch

&nbsp;

�Do it!� His tone
was forceful. He had total control of me and this obviously gave him a great
deal of sexual satisfaction.

&nbsp;

I had never given
oral sex before. The though of it was displeasing to me. But now, bound,
beaten, and sexually stimulated, I never hesitated to take his penis deep
inside my mouth. I really was unsure of quite what to do, but common sense told
me to suck hard. As I did, Mark thrust his penis furiously in my mouth,
manipulated my head by tugging back and forward on my hair.

&nbsp;

Mark groaned and
I felt the salty taste of his sperm ejaculating into my mouth. I gagged, but
managed to swallow it down.

&nbsp;

Mark removed
himself from my mouth, and wiped the mixture of sperm and saliva off his penis
using his bathrobe. I was aware some sperm was dribbling down my cheek. He took
hold of my arm and pulled me to my feet. I wrongly assumed my ordeal was over.

&nbsp;

Mark had another
length of rope in his hand, and threw one end of it over a rafter. He tied one
end to the rope that bound my arms, and then pulled hard on the other end. The
rope pulled me upwards.

&nbsp;

�Stand on your
toes�

&nbsp;

I obeyed,
stretching as high as I could. Again the rope pulled tight, cutting into my
labia and buttocks, and hurting my wrists. Mark tied the rope. I struggled to
keep myself upright.

&nbsp;

�Please let me
down,� I pleaded.

&nbsp;

�When I am
ready,� he responded callously, before quickly turning and exiting the garage.
He closed the door and I was left in darkness.

&nbsp;

I cried out
several times, begging him to come back, but realised it was helpless. I was
scared but tried to relax. The dank darkness surrounded me. My senses were
heightened. I call smell the mustiness and the rotting rubbish. But I could
also smell my own sexual musk, permeating the garage. I realised, that despite
being beaten and tied, and being frightened by being alone in the garage, I was
sexually aroused. I pressed my pelvis down so that the rope bit even harder
into my labia, then began to rotate myself luridly back and forth. Through the
pain I managed to create a small amount of friction on my clitoris. I rotated
back and forth for several long minutes, grimacing through the pain, covered in
sweat from the excursion. I was almost exhausted when I finally felt my climax
building. I so badly needed release, I jerked back and forward ruthlessly. When
the orgasm hit it exploded through my body and I struggled to hold myself
upright. A scream of pleasure escaped from deep inside me.

&nbsp;

When the pleasure
subsided, I was left only with the pain. I had rubbed myself raw. My legs ached
from the pain of being forced to stand on my toes. Time dragged by and I
silently begged for Mark to return and release me.

&nbsp;

Finally the
garage door opened and I was so pleased to see Mark, standing there, freshly
showered and dressed. Surprisingly I was not angry, just relieved. He released
the rope connecting me to the rafter. I found my legs would not support me and
I fell forward onto Mark

&nbsp;

�You stink!� he
said with disgust, then laughed at me as he stepped out of the way and I fell
to my knees. He pushed me forwarded so that I fell
face first onto the dirty garage floor. He released my wrists, then roughly extracted the rope from deep within my buttocks
and labia. I was raw and it hurt, and I moaned out load. I then gasped as he
roughly rammed several fingers of his left hand deep into my vagina

&nbsp;

�Fuck my fingers�
he ordered.

&nbsp;

My stomach and
breasts slowly began to squirm on the dirt and mud of the garage floor. It was
disgusting, but his fingers were pleasuring me and I began to lose control.
Soon I was bucking up and down, begging Mark�s fingers to fuck me harder. It
was obscene, but another intense orgasm washed over me and I screamed with pleasure.

&nbsp;

I lay there
exhausted, and when I finally had enough strength to get to my feet, Mark had
gone. I looked down at my naked body. I was covered with a dirty sweat, and
smelt of decay, sperm and my own juices. I gingerly made my way back into the
house. It was empty. Quickly I found my clothing and dressed. Beside the door
there was an envelope with my name on it. I took the envelope and hurriedly
drove back to my own house. Once home I stood in the shower for the longest
time, shaking my head in disbelief at what I had just endured. 

&nbsp;

After exiting the
shower I wrapped a towel around myself and as I went to make a much-needed cup
of coffee I noticed the envelope. Inside it was the rent money, plus a note
attached to several pages.

&nbsp;

The note read, � See you in two weeks time when you come to collect the
rent. I have attached your exercise program plus your diet. You will be weighed
when you come to collect the rent. Much love M�.














Chapter Six



 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  363
  2006-02-28T02:40:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:40:00Z
  1
  3472
  19797
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  164
  46
  23223
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter Six�� Hook,
line and stinger

&nbsp;

I had been
offended morally and emotionally. My body had been beaten and sexually abused.
I had been told I was overweight. I should have been overflowing with anger and
indignation. But surprisingly I was not. I was confused. My actions revolted
me, but at that same time my senses were inflamed in a manner I had never
experienced. Sexually I felt alive, and was far more aware of my body than I
had ever been.

&nbsp;

When I arose from
the bed the following day I went to slide into my old routine of feed the cat,
have breakfast, and go online to check my bank statement. But I felt motivated
to do some exercise and so put on my running gear and went for a jog. I tried
to tell myself that I was not motivated by Mark�s ultimatum, but I knew deep
down he was the cause. I wanted to prove to him I had
the willpower, and, being truthful with myself, I wanted to avoid being
punished for not losing weight.

&nbsp;

I was also amazed
that the junk food I had been scoffing down suddenly lost its appeal to me. I
found myself studying the diet plan he had given me, and went out shopping for
the right foods I would need to be eating.

&nbsp;

Within a week I
could notice the weight loss. I began to take pleasure again at studying my own
body in the mirror. I trimmed my pubic hair and shaped it into a perfect V. I
even shaved myself around my labia, something I had never done before. I even
began to masturbate myself; such was my newfound level of heightened sexuality.

&nbsp;

Initially I
embarrassed myself with the need to masturbate, and did it at night, in bed,
with the light off. Although I tried not to think about it, I invariable would
fantasize about being tied, beaten, and sometimes forced to do sexual acts.
Diane featured prominently in my fantasies. One night I had an overwhelming
desire to be tied up, and found myself going into my garage to look for some
rope. Once in the garage it brought back memories of my session with Mark. I
found myself stripping off my nightgown so I was standing naked in the garage.
I then found a length of rope and tied it around my waist. Opening my legs as
wide as it could I separated my labia and thread the rope through, in the same
manner Mark had done. 

&nbsp;

I pulled the rope
tight, then forced myself to pull it even tighter so
that it cut into me painfully. I then threw the other end over the rafter,
stood on tiptoes, and secured myself in position. I then closed my eyes,
clasped my hands behind my back, and for a long while just enjoyed the
sensation of being tied.

&nbsp;

Eventually I began
to rock back and forth and felt my sexual arousal gradually build from within
me. When I could take it no longer I began to rub myself furiously with my
hand, loving the sensation of grinding my labia against the rope. When I
climaxed I kept rubbing myself and could not believe it when I came a second
time. This was the first time in my life I had experienced a multiple orgasm.

&nbsp;

I could not
believe how quickly the next two weeks went by, and the rent was again due. You
may not believe it, as even I had trouble understanding it, but there was never
any doubt in my mind that I was going to go around to 17 Wisteria Lane and collect my rent personally.� However I was unsure of when, or how, to
arrange to collect it. I decided to wait until the day after the rent was due
to be paid, then nervously phoned Mark and Diane�s
number. 

&nbsp;

It was Diane who
answered, and I was unsure of how to broach the topic with her.

&nbsp;

�I see the rent
is due,� I mumbled politely

&nbsp;

�Is it?� she
tried to feint surprise, but it was clear she wasn�t.

&nbsp;

�Yes� I again
mumbled

&nbsp;

�And?� Diane responded in an impish voice

&nbsp;

I was feeling
very embarrassed. �May I come and collect it?�

&nbsp;

�May you come and
collect it?� she repeated, and I heard Mark laugh briefly in the background

&nbsp;

�
Yes�, and after a brief
hesitation I added, �please�.

&nbsp;

�What do you
think, Mark?� Diane enquired of her partner, although clearly they were just
playing with me

&nbsp;

After a brief
hesitation Diane responded, �Yes.�

&nbsp;

�Tonight?� I asked, feeling my heartbeat already racing, and I breathed deeply.

&nbsp;

Again a brief
hesitation while Diane consulted. �No, tomorrow night.�

&nbsp;

The phone line
then went dead. I knew the next 24 hours would drag by.

&nbsp;

Finally it was
time to leave. I had showered twice, and taken far more care in my appearance
than I typically would. It is so hard to describe how I was feeling. It was an
intoxicating mix of extreme trepidation mixed with sexual anticipation. I
feared the humiliation and pain, but also desired the humiliation and pain. I
could not even begin to understand, but knew I needed it.

&nbsp;

When I knocked on
their door the very familiar nervousness had gripped me. Even though I was
breathing very deeply I still felt faint. Diane answered the door, and my very
first reaction was one of disappointment that she was fully clothed, and not
naked, or better still, tied to her bed. I desired to see her naked tonight.

&nbsp;

Diane greeted me
with a hug, and how I soaked up her pleasant, fresh odour. I wanted to hold her
tightly, but kept my desires in check.

&nbsp;

�Mark wants you to
undress,� she whispered into my ear

&nbsp;

�You too, I
hope,� the words were out of mouth almost before I realised, and I immediately
felt embarrassed.

&nbsp;

�No,
just you.� She
responded with a smile before skipping away into the kitchen, leaving me alone.

&nbsp;

For a moment I
just stood there, focusing on my breathing.�
Everything spiralled out of control when I was with Mark and Diane. I
had lost any ability to influence events, and it took a lot of getting use,
especially as I use to be the one always in control.

&nbsp;

There was never
any question of not undressing; it was just a case of getting the courage. I
took three deep breaths, and then stripped off my garments as quickly as I
could. I especially did not allow myself to hesitate when it came to removing
my underwear. Emotionally it is hardest to take off your bra and panties
because they hide the most personal and private parts of a woman.

&nbsp;

Soon I was naked,
and stood there in awkward silence. Despite my extreme nervousness I smiled
briefly to myself. I could not believe I was standing stark naked in the lounge
of my own tenanted houses, waiting for the teenage residents to appear.

&nbsp;

It was Diane who
appeared first, poking her head curiously around the door from the kitchen. She
briefly looked surprised to see me naked, as if she had not expected me to obey
so meekly. Her young eyes roved up and down my body several times as if she was
trying to memorise every feature of my body for a future biology test. I found
myself blushing even more. It was especially embarrassing to be naked in front
of a fully clothed Diane. 

&nbsp;

�Put your hands
behind your neck.� Her voice was not much louder than a whisper

&nbsp;

I frowned at her,
unsure of why she was asking me to do such a thing.

&nbsp;

Diane stepped
clear of the door, and then demonstrated for me what she meant by clasping her
hands behind her neck, elbows out. 

&nbsp;

�And open your
legs until they are out like this,� again demonstrating enthusiastically. She
slid her legs open until they were about thirty inches apart.

&nbsp;

�Why?� I was
dumbfounded by her request.

&nbsp;

�Because
Mark likes me to stand naked like that. He�s silly, isn�t he?� She giggled like a child
before disappearing back into the kitchen.

When she had
demonstrated it, it seemed so natural, but when I tried it I felt awkward and
humiliated, and quickly brought my arms back down to my sides and closed my
legs. It was such a submissive pose. Then it hit me; that was the whole purpose
of posing like that. To show, or demonstrate, submission.

I realised this
was what I was doing. I had come to Wisteria Lane this night, not to collect my rent, but
to submit to Mark. I clasped my hands behind my neck, pushed my elbows out, and
opened my legs to about the same width Diane had demonstrated.

&nbsp;

Again I waited. I
felt foolish, exposed, but also very submissive. I could feel the sexual energy
permeating through my veins. I realised that if anyone should enter the
unlocked front door they would get one heck of a shock, and I would die with
embarrassment. But this realisation did not cause me to move.

&nbsp;

Diane poked her
head around the door again, and noting my submissive pose she beamed me a big
smile and gave me the thumbs up sign. I could not help returning her smile,
although rather sheepishly. She then disappeared again back to whatever was
occupying her in the kitchen. I cook smell food, so assumed she was preparing a
meal. I wondered where Mark was. I listened intently but could hear no other
noises or movement.

&nbsp;

I must have held
my naked, submissive pose for a good 15 minutes, and my arms were becoming
tied. I contemplated bringing them down to stretch, but did not want to. I
wanted to endure the uncomfortableness.

&nbsp;

Finally I heard
the noise of a vehicle pulling up outside, and the noise of someone walking up
to the front door. Every instinct in my body told me to flee to safe cover
somewhere. But I shut these thoughts out and doggedly forced myself to maintain
my position. I prayed it was Mark who walked through that door, and not someone
like Diane�s mother. I had met her mother briefly when Diane and Mark signed
the lease. This thought caused my heart to beat even harder.

&nbsp;

The front door
opened. No one spoke. I began to panic. Which would be the
best direction to run. What have I done? I even hoped I would faint to
save me the embarrassment.

&nbsp;

Then Mark stepped
into view and I let out a deep sigh of relief. Which was a
bit strange given what pain and humiliation he was almost certainly going to
inflict on me tonight.

&nbsp;

He looked at me
with satisfaction, �Good girl�

&nbsp;

I could not help
myself responding, �Thank you, sir.�

&nbsp;

Just as quickly
he disappeared down the hallway, and I resumed my waiting ordeal, my shoulders
and arms becoming numb.

&nbsp;

Eventually Mark
reappeared, Diane following close behind. Initially I could not make out what
Mark was carrying, then blushed when I realised it was a set of weighing
scales. He placed them on the floor, then silently
gestured for me to step onto them. I took my arms down and went to step forward
onto the scales.

&nbsp;

�Keep your arms
up!� he barked out, surprising me so much I stepped back.

&nbsp;

Embarrassed, I
put my tired arms up and clasped my hands behind my head, then on impulse
opened my legs as I had been instructed by Diane.

&nbsp;

�Don�t be an
idiot. How can you stand on the scales with your legs open� Mark chided me.

&nbsp;

I felt like a
child. Hastily I closed my legs, then stepped forward
onto the scales, careful to ensure I kept my hands in place behind my head and
my elbows out.

&nbsp;

Mark stepped
forward and studied the readout on the scale. �144 lb. What weight were you?�

&nbsp;

�148 lb� I
announced proudly

&nbsp;

�Are you sure?�
Mark gave me his one eyebrow quizzical look. �I thought you were 143 lb.�

&nbsp;

�Absolutely not,�
I responded indignantly, �I was definitely 148 lb. I have been exercising every
day and following your diet closely� I puffed my chest out proudly.

&nbsp;

�Following my
diet closely, or following my diet exactly?� Mark drilled.

&nbsp;

I felt my
shoulders slump. � I have mostly eaten what you had on
the diet, but some days I was just so hungry I had a few harmless titbits.� I
realised my voice had a pathetic whine to it.

&nbsp;

�There are no such thing as harmless titbits. You are to follow the
diet exactly, is that understood.�

&nbsp;

�Yes, sir,� I
whimpered

&nbsp;

�You will be
punished for not following the diet. But I am pleased that you have lost 4 lb.�

&nbsp;

�Yes,
sir. Thank you, sir.�

&nbsp;

Mark was playing
me like a violin and I was totally in his hands. It was frightening how I had
given myself over to him.

&nbsp;

�Go and wait for
us in the garage,� Mark spoke dismissively, �And leave
the light off.�

&nbsp;

Head down, I
turned and trotted off in the direction of the garage. The day after my last
�visit� to 17 Wisteria Lane I had arranged to have the garage cleaned, and even
paid extra to have it done the same day. As I opened the door, I could see
through the dimness that the garage was tidy, although it was still dank and
damp as there was no natural light.

&nbsp;

As I closed the
door the garage was thrown into darkness. I took a few tentative steps away
from the door, but kept my eye on the very thin sliver of light that was coming
under the doorway leading back into the house. I then placed my hands behind my
head and opened my legs to what felt like the right width. I was scared, both
by the dark and also the punishment I was going to receive. But a surge of
excitement also pulsed through me.

&nbsp;

As I waited in
the darkness I also realised that I was becoming desperate to use the toilet.
With the diet Mark had me on I had to drink copious amounts of water, which
meant I had to urinate a lot more frequently than normal. Plus I never had a
strong bladder in the first place. I began to fret over it, which even made the
urge worse. I had just made up my mind to make a quick dash to the toilet when
the door opened. Both Mark and Diane were framed by the light of the doorway.
Mark flicked on the light, and both of them came to stand in front of me. I
realised that despite the cool damp conditions of the garage my body was
covered with a glow of perspiration.

&nbsp;

Mark stared at my
nakedness, increasing my anxiety.

&nbsp;

�Are you wet?� he
asked pointedly

&nbsp;

I drew in my
breath. I knew I could not lie. I had already suffered the consequences of
lying. Even so, it was devastatingly embarrassing to admit I became sexually
stimulated when treated in such a manner

&nbsp;

Mark cocked his
eyebrow, waiting for my response

&nbsp;

�I think I might
be,� I admitted sheepishly, looking down at my feet on the grimy garage floor.

&nbsp;

�You might be!�
Mark smiled, �Well I guess we just are going to have to check.�

&nbsp;

I looked at Mark,
pleading with my eyes, shaking my head from side to side.

&nbsp;

�You don�t want
me to?� he enquired, still grinning.

&nbsp;

�No,
sir,� I pouted, still shaking my head.

&nbsp;

�Well, you know
me, always the obliging one,� he smiled mischievously, �In that case we will
have to get Diane to check you then.�

I looked at him
mortified, �No, sir. Please, sir, not Diane� I pleaded.

&nbsp;

I glanced at
Diane. She was smiling like the cat that just found the bowl of cream. Clearly
I was not going to get any support from her. I resolved to at least try
delaying tactics

&nbsp;

�Please, I
desperately need to go to the toilet,� I pleaded, and it was the truth. The
anxiety was increasing my need to urinate. �I will be quick, I promise.�

&nbsp;

I unclasped my
hands from behind my back and took a couple of quick steps towards the door.

&nbsp;

�Did I give you
permission to go anywhere,� Mark barked out, causing me to stop in my tracks.

&nbsp;

�No, but I need
to go desperately,� I again pleaded.

&nbsp;

�Get back into
position right now. You have just earned yourself extra punishment.�

&nbsp;

I hung my head in
defeat, shuffled back to where I had been standing, clasped my hands behind my
neck and opened my legs. I could feel a tear rolling down my cheek.

&nbsp;

Mark whispered
into Diane�s ear, and whatever he said caused Diane to look at me and lick her
lips. A shiver ran up my spine. I had always regarded Diane as a victim, like
me, and felt hurt that she was now being the aggressor.

&nbsp;

Diane walked
behind me; standing so close I could feel her breath on the back of my neck.
She smelt so fresh and clean, which made me feel embarrassed as I smelt of
sweat.

&nbsp;

�Open you legs
wider,� she purred into my ear.

&nbsp;

I obeyed

&nbsp;

�Wider,� she
again purred.

&nbsp;

I thrust my feet
out even wider. I prayed urine would not leak from my bladder. She ran a finger
provocatively down my spine, and slowly over my buttocks. When her finger
lightly touched my vagina, I moaned out loud, from a combination of gross
embarrassment and excitement.

&nbsp;

�Have you ever
been touched by a woman before?� she whispered erotically into my ear.

&nbsp;

�No.� I responded
truthfully

&nbsp;

�Do you like my
touch?� Again she touched my vagina, this time with more pressure.

I was embarrassed
beyond belief that I was being touched intimately by another woman, but the
embarrassment only served to fuel my inner fires.

&nbsp;

�Yes� I
responded, blushing.

&nbsp;

Then without
warning her finger slid deep into my vagina. I was so wet and open she met no
resistance.

&nbsp;

She removed her
hand and reached over so she was holding it just in front of my face, my juices
clearly glistening on her finger. I could clearly smell my sexual scent.

&nbsp;

�I think we know
the answer,� she continued to whisper in my ear in her disarmingly erotic
manner. 

&nbsp;

My breathing
intensified. Mark watched on, clearly enjoying the show. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t you think
you should clean my finger,� she cooed provocatively, holding the finger closer
to my mouth.

&nbsp;

Incredibly I
opened my mouth and engulfed her finger, sucking hard, tasting my own juices on
the back of my mouth.

&nbsp;

Silently she
withdrew her finger and a moment later I felt it brushing over my labia. I
groaned again and bent my knees, trying to push myself down onto her finger

&nbsp;

�Randy little
bitch, aren�t you?� she cooed

&nbsp;

I pressed down
harder, and was rewarded by her sliding two fingers deep into my vagina. My
hips began to rotate back and forth and I could feel an orgasm building
quickly. I don�t think I had ever felt so randy.

&nbsp;

I began to breath in short gasps and increased my hip thrusts on her
fingers, but then to my dismay she removed them

&nbsp;

�Nooooo!� I cried out in anguish. I stood there,
panting, trying to get my hips back under control. I desperately wanted to
orgasm.

&nbsp;

Just as I gained
a semblance of control over my body she entered me again, this time with what
felt like three fingers. It felt so good and full. My body reacted instantly
and quickly began to build to a crest of an orgasm. My hips were bucking and I
was pressing my pelvis down as hard as I could on the intruding fingers.

&nbsp;

But just as I was
on the verge of coming she cruelly removed her fingers again. I cried out in
frustration and bent my knees even further, trying to seek out her fingers.
Then, too late, I realised I had put too much pressure on my bladder by opening
my legs so wide and pushing down. I quickly straightened my legs and clamped my
muscles tight, but it was too late and I my bladder was so achingly full. Urine
began trickling out of me. I briefly reflected on the fact that this must be
the most embarrassing moment of my life. I wanted to run, but knew it was too
late. Urine was about to spray out of me, regardless of what I did. It was far
too late to think of making it to a toilet.

&nbsp;

�She�s peed on my
hand!� Diane tried to sound horrified.

&nbsp;

This only served
to increase my misery. My plight was now well and truly visible to my young
tormentors. I kept clamping my muscles, hoping beyond hope I could stem the
trickle. But it was a lost cause. The trickle increased to a steady stream,
running down my legs and puddling at my feet.

&nbsp;

�Open your legs
wide.� Even in my moment of abject misery Mark exerted his control over me.

&nbsp;

I open my legs
wide, and with that I lost all ability to control my bladder. Urine gushed out
of me like a fountain, and splashed noisily on the garage floor. I was
mortified, but as I looked down at myself I was also fascinated. Obviously,
being a woman, I had never urinated standing up, and in fact would not have
thought it possible.

&nbsp;

After what seemed
to me to be an eternity the flow lessened, reduced to a trickle, then stopped. I was surrounded by a puddle, and my feet were
wet.

&nbsp;

When I finally
looked up at Mark, his eyes were wild with excitement. He seemed to have
enjoyed my depraved display

&nbsp;

�I am so sorry,�
I apologised, chastising myself for getting into such a predicament.

&nbsp;

�Get on your
knees� was Mark�s response. He began opening the fly of his jeans and pulled
out his fully erect penis.

&nbsp;

I was embarrassed
by the request, as Diane was present. I felt like I should ask for her consent,
but dared not speak. Instead I went down on my knees, and realised I was
kneeling in the pool of my own urine. Mark took my head roughly and thrust his
erect penis deep into my mouth, causing me to briefly gag.

&nbsp;

He thrust
furiously and just as he orgasmed he pulled out of my mouth, shooting his sperm
over my neck and breasts.

&nbsp;

Mark stepped away
from me, and zipped himself up. I looked down at myself. I was stark naked,
kneeling in a pool of my own urine, and had the sperm of an
nineteen year old dripping from me. I shook my head in utter disbelief. What
had happened to my life?

&nbsp;

�Stand up,� Mark
directed me to my feet and pointed towards the centre of the garage, where I
noticed for the first time there were two ropes hanging from the rafters. I was
thankful to be able to step away from the urine puddle.

�Open your legs
and stick your arms out to the side� Mark directed and I did as instructed.

&nbsp;

He attached the
ropes hanging from the ceiling to my wrists. At the same time Diane had picked
up a bundle of ropes from the corner of the garage and was tying two of them to
my ankles. Diane then handed Mark another rope which he tied tightly around my
waist and then pulled in roughly through my labia, and secured it in the same
manner he had done to me previously. Diane then took the last rope and looped
it around my chest, pulling it tightly into my breasts before securing it at
the back. Both of my breasts were now cut in half by the rope.

&nbsp;

The ropes tied to
my ankles were secured to opposite sides of the garage, so that my legs were
forced open. Then Mark and Diane each took one of the ropes that was tied to my
wrists, and looped them over the rafters. As they both pulled my arms were
stretched up and outwards. As they continued to pull, my arms began to take my
weight and my toes were just touching the ground. It was painful, but I gritted
my teeth and determinedly tried to take my punishment. I was now suspended in a
star shape. The ropes were tied off. I realised I could not move.

&nbsp;

I noticed Mark
walk to the door, then return in a few moments with
the whip. Shivers went up my spine

&nbsp;

�I was going to
spare you the whip, but I think you deserve it, don�t you?� Mark enquired of
me.

&nbsp;

I was not quite
sure why I deserved it. Was it because I was indecisive about whether my pussy
was wet, or perhaps because I had urinated on the floor.

�Regardless, I knew it would be fruitless to
argue the point.

&nbsp;

�Yes, sir,� I
answered in a whisper. The first blow was high above my buttocks and I screamed
painfully. The second blow was on my thighs, and this was even more painful.
The third strike of the whip was also across my thighs. I was already sobbing.
The next three blows were flush across my buttocks. The pain was incredible,
and I was begging him to stop. I would do anything for him to stop. 

&nbsp;

�That is the six
I was going to give you. Now you will receive the extra punishment I promised
you. Two more I think would be in order.� Mark loved exerting his total control
over me.

&nbsp;

I groaned, and
pleaded for no more.

&nbsp;

�Ask me to give
you two more whippings.� Mark demanded

&nbsp;

�Please no,� I
pleaded

&nbsp;

�Ask me!� he
repeated angrily

&nbsp;

Between sobs I
managed to say, �Please whip me twice more sir.�

&nbsp;

The whip rained
down on my hapless buttocks two more times and I almost blacked out with the
pain.

&nbsp;

My captors then
departed the garage, turning the light off as they closed the door. I cried
into the darkness.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Chapter Seven

 
  Gavin Houston
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1580
  2006-02-28T02:41:00Z
  2006-02-28T02:41:00Z
  1
  4977
  28370
  Fletcher Challenge Forests
  236
  66
  33281
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter
Seven������ Nothing like an Incentive

&nbsp;

I am not sure how
long I was left suspended in the darkness of the garage at 17 Wisteria Lane,
but I think it was close to one hour before they silently returned, untied my
ankles, and unfastened the ropes suspending me in the air. My body ached all
over from the pain of the beating and the strain of being suspended. Diane gave
me support to assist me to walk into the lounge, and even helped me dress as my
shoulders and arms were so sore from having supported my weight. Somehow I
managed to drive home, whereby I collapsed on my bed and fell asleep with
exhaustion.

&nbsp;

Although I was
bruised and tender for a few days the welts on my back disappeared surprisingly
quickly. My attitude towards Mark and Diane, and the punishment I was receiving
at their hands had definitely changed. Although I lacked understanding of what
was happening to me on an emotional level, I just knew that the incredible
intensity of these sessions was like a high to me. I felt more alive than I think
I ever had in my whole life. 

&nbsp;

I fired into the
exercise and diet routine with even more vigour. I religiously did all the
running and aerobic exercises Mark had laid out for me, and stuck totally to
the diet. People I associated with began to notice a change in me. I was no
longer a total bitch. I was more relaxed and accepting of people�s frailties. I
also beamed with pride when a couple of people noticed I had lost weight. 

&nbsp;

Early on the
Saturday morning of the following week I was lying in bed in a sleepy haze when
I heard a knock on my door. Grumbling about people�s inconsideration, I
shuffled down the stairs in my dressing gown and slippers. I was shocked when I
answered the door to find Mark and Diane standing there, clothed in running
gear and sweating.

&nbsp;

�Come on, we�re
going for a run around Skeltons Park,� Diane was chirpy and full of enthusiasm.
Skeltons Park was about a half mile away from my home, and was a small wildlife
reserve with a circular jogging trail snaking through it.

&nbsp;

I held my mouth
open in surprise. �A run, with you two fitness freaks. I don�t think so. But
thanks for the offer,� I smiled politely. I could just imagine myself dragging
my 42-year-old body along, struggling to keep up with these superbly fit
teenagers. It was a humiliation I could do without. Even though I had begun
jogging as a part of Mark�s fitness routine, I was still basically unfit and
only managing to jog short distances before I was exhausted.

&nbsp;

�Please?� Diane
pleaded, still smiling.

&nbsp;

�No,� I replied.

&nbsp;

�Yes,� Mark spoke
quietly but firmly.

&nbsp;

When I looked
over to Mark his eyes were locked onto mine. He had that look of supreme
confidence that belied his nineteen years. I could see he was commanding me,
and I felt my body gather goose bumps.

&nbsp;

�But I am in no condition
to run with you two,� I pleaded. �Perhaps another time when I am really fit
from your program,� I added, hoping to impress him with my motivation to follow
his diet and fitness program.

&nbsp;

Mark ignored my
comments. �If you do not have your running gear on in 60 seconds you will be
punished right here, right now, at your front door.� 

&nbsp;

I stood aghast,
but not for long as Mark glanced down at his watch. �You have already wasted
almost ten seconds.�

&nbsp;

In an instance I
turned on my heels and fled into the laundry where I had discarded my running
clothes following my last jog two days ago. Fortunately they were all together
in one pile, and I threw off my dressing gown and pyjamas and quickly dressed.
I was conscious of the time limit, which made me panic, and it seemed to take
me forever to perform the simple task of putting on my sports bra, singlet,
running shorts and socks. I picked up my running shoes and sprinted back to the
front doorway where Mark was looking at his watch. I was already sweating.

&nbsp;

He shook his head
from side to side. �Ten seconds late.� 

&nbsp;

I closed my eyes,
and tried to control my breathless panic. �Please Mark, be reasonable,� I
gasped, �I tried very hard. It was impossible.�

&nbsp;

�Nothing is
impossible,� Mark responded with such conviction I was certain he believed it.
�Lower your shorts to your knees.�

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth
in horror. �Please!� was all I could utter.

&nbsp;

�Do you want to
make the punishment worse than it already is?� I could feel his gaze burning
into me.

&nbsp;

I hung my head in
defeat. �No,� I pouted

&nbsp;

We were all
standing just inside my front doorway, which was wide open. I briefly glanced
out of the door and could see the footpath and roadway. There was no sign of
life, and I prayed my neighbours were all still safely tucked away in their
beds. 

&nbsp;

I knew from my
brief experience dealing with Mark that to protest further would only be to my
ultimate detriment, and only delay the inevitable. Therefore I took a deep
breath, hooked my fingers in my running shorts, and quickly lowered them to my
knees as instructed. My running shorts are the type that has a built-in gusset;
therefore I was not wearing any panties underneath. I felt incredibly exposed,
as I was standing in my front doorway, naked from my waist down to my knees. My
most intimate parts would be in full view of anyone from my neighbourhood who
strolled past.

&nbsp;

�Bend at the
waist,� Mark continued to push the boundaries.

&nbsp;

I felt shamed as
I bent over, presenting my buttocks to Mark. I also knew that Diane would also
be getting a full view of me. Fortunately Mark did not delay my torture any
longer. He spanked me quickly, but very firmly, ten times with his hand. One
spank for every second I had been over his one-minute deadline for dressing. I
grunted as each spank connected with my sensitive buttocks, but bit down on my
bottom lip so as not to make too much noise which might draw attention to me
from passer-by�s.

&nbsp;

When he was
finished he reached down and pulled my running shorts up, treating me like a
young child who had just been scolded.

&nbsp;

�Are we ready for
a run, now!� Mark emphasized the last word.

&nbsp;

�Yes, sir,� I
responded meekly, rubbing my inflamed buttocks.

&nbsp;

Before I knew it
Mark and Diane had set off jogging down the road, and without a further thought
I raced off after them. My house was unlocked, but at that moment in time it
did not rank as my most critical priority. I struggled to keep up with them and
was breathless by the time we reached Skeltons Park. Fortunately we paused at
the beginning of the jogging track that formed a loop within the wildlife
reserve.

&nbsp;

Mark turned to
look at me. I was bent forward, with my hands on my knees, sucking in air.

&nbsp;

�I am going to
give you ladies an incentive to get fit,� Mark announced boldly.

&nbsp;

�An incentive?� I
managed to respond between gasps. Diane also gazed warily at Mark. Clearly she
was not aware of this.

&nbsp;

�Yes, Norah, an
incentive,� Mark continued. �We are going to run one circuit of the track. I
will give you ladies a head start. If I catch up with either of you, you will
be punished.

&nbsp;

I was shocked.
Diane was not exactly shocked, but she did look more than a little
apprehensive.

&nbsp;

�Okay ladies,�
Mark clapped his hand together like a schoolteacher, �Are we ready? Norah,
given your old age, lack of fitness and the fact you are overweight, you can
start first. Go!� he yelled, pointing down the track.

&nbsp;

I did not have
time to be offended by Mark�s comments. I set off down that track as fast as my
aged, overweight, and unfit body would go. I had walked the track in the past
and knew from the signposts it was a circuit of around 2500 yards of hilly
terrain. It was a pleasant, picturesque walk. I knew I would feel differently
about it, trying to run it at speed. 

&nbsp;

I was a little
over half way around, and already struggling to keep running, when I heard
footsteps behind me. I glanced over my shoulder to see Diane close behind me,
then in a matter of a few strides, and a quick wave, she had passed me and was
rapidly disappearing in the distance. I tried to chase after her but I had no
show of keeping up. I frantically began glancing over my shoulder every few
seconds for any sign of Mark.

&nbsp;

I kept pushing
myself despite my lungs feeling like they were going to burst out of my chest,
and with only a few hundred yards left I almost began to believe I might make
it back before Mark caught me. I stole another quick look over my shoulder and
to my total dismay Mark was only about 20 yards behind me. I summoned every
last bit of energy and tried to keep going. With less than a 75 yards to go I
dared to steal another glance over my shoulder and groaned in horror when I
found a grinning Mark lopping along effortlessly behind me. 

&nbsp;

I could hear
Diane cheering me on, but it was to no avail as Mark cruised up beside me and
strode clear. With that I just gave up and collapsed onto the ground, still
short of the finish. Pride made me pull myself to my feet and I staggered the
final few yards, totally wasted.

&nbsp;

�That was
pathetic,� Mark spoke with contempt. His criticism hurt as I had given it my
very best. Shaking his head in dismay he walked over to a nearby tree and broke
off a small wispy branch. He swung it through the air and I could hear the
whistle it made. It caused me to flinch with fear.

&nbsp;

�Take off your
clothes,� he ordered.

&nbsp;

�Mark, please!� I
begged, �Not now, not here.� I looked to Diane for support. She was chewing one
of her fingernails; actually seeming apprehensive about what Mark was going to
do to me.

&nbsp;

Mark reacted
angrily. �When will you learn to do what you are told? Are you plain stupid, or
are you deliberately trying to increase your punishment? That�s it, isn�t it?
You love being punished so much you are graving for more.�

&nbsp;

�Absolutely not,�
I responded indignantly, �Your punishment hurts me a great deal and I hate it.�

&nbsp;

�Well, if you say
so. I guess that means you are just plain stupid. Undress!�

&nbsp;

I felt genuinely
ashamed I was letting this 19-year-old male tenant of mine treat me in such a
rude and debasing manner. I did not totally resent Mark, as it was my own
inability to control my emotions that was allowing him to treat me in such a
manner. 

&nbsp;

�All my clothes?�
I meekly enquired.

�The whole lot,
my dear landlady,� he responded with smarmy grin, idly flicking the whippy
branch in the air. �Even the shoes and socks.�

&nbsp;

I looked around
furtively, praying there were no other early morning joggers or walkers using
the track. Even though I could see no other sign of life I was still extremely
reticent to undress out in the open. It is humiliating enough to be told to
strip naked inside a house, but outdoors is worse because of the constant risk
of being discovered.

&nbsp;

Mustering up all
the courage I could, I quickly removed my shoes and socks, then stood up and
removed my singlet and sports bra. I was now only dressed in my running shorts.
I took a quick look around me again to ensure we were alone, before quickly
lowering my shorts and kicking them off my feet. I was now standing totally
naked in the middle of the wildlife reserve. It was a very weird feeling to be
nude, surrounded by nature. Even though I felt very vulnerable, there was
something strangely exhilarating about it.

&nbsp;

�Clasp your hands
behind your neck,� Mark directed.

&nbsp;

I obeyed.

&nbsp;

�Stand on one
leg, and curl the other leg up behind you,� Mark continued.

&nbsp;

For a moment I
looked at Mark with a frown, before tentatively following his directions,
wobbling about as I struggled to keep my balance. Suddenly, without warning,
Mark brought the whip down on the sole of my raised foot. I was shocked and
surprised and let out a fearsome yelp, lowering my foot and jumping around with
pain.

&nbsp;

�Get back into
position,� Mark directed.

&nbsp;

I looked at him
with pleading eyes, but knew there was no way he would change his mind.
Tentatively I balanced on one foot again, then raised my sole. Again the whip
bit into the bottom of my foot with excruciating pain. I had not realised how
tender the bottom of one�s feet are. I repeated my little dance as I stomped my
foot into the ground, trying to dissipate the pain.

&nbsp;

Mark repeated the
exercise until I had three painful welts across the bottom of both feet. Tears
were streaming down my face.

&nbsp;

�Now get
dressed.� Mark ordered, thankfully throwing away the whippy branch.

&nbsp;

I dressed in
record time, fearful that my cries of pain would have attracted attention. I
winced as I put my shoes on.

&nbsp;

�Just a little
incentive to motivate you to do your training better,� Mark grinned.

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth
to protest that I had been sticking strictly to his training schedule, but
thought better of it. Without another word Mark headed off, jogging down the
track that led back towards my house. I was sure my body could not run another
inch, but Diane grabbed my hand, kissed me gently on my cheek, and then dragged
me off in the same direction. 

&nbsp;

Somehow I managed
to shuffle my tender feet in a slow jog until we reached the front door of my
house. Having the beautiful, athletic, Diane jogging beside me gave me extra
strength.

&nbsp;

When we arrived
the front door was open, but there was no sign of Mark. As we entered I could
see him in my kitchen, helping himself to my fruit juice. I was annoyed he just
walked in and helped himself, but dared not utter a word.

&nbsp;

He offered a
drink to Diane, but ignored me. Wordlessly they gulped down their drinks before
walking towards the door. Mark stopped as he passed by me, looking down at me
with his intense brown eyes.

&nbsp;

�Are you not
going to thank us for taking you on a training run?� Mark raised one eyebrow.

&nbsp;

I looked at
Diane, then back at Mark. �Thank you both for taking me for a run. I really
appreciate it.� I tried to sound sincere.

&nbsp;

�Good, I�m glad
you appreciated it. We must do it again soon,� Mark grinned. �And what do you
know, it is rent day this week. Oh joy. Collect it on Thursday, as I am busy on
Wednesday. Make it 8.00 pm sharp. � With that comment he patted me on the head
before they both disappeared out the front door. I just shook my head in
despair. I was exhausted and degraded, yet I knew that come Thursday I would be
knocking on the door of 17 Wisteria Lane to collect my rent, knowing that my
young tenant would punish and humiliate my body as he saw fit.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

With Thursday set
as �rent collection day� I dared not dwell on what might unravel on that
evening, as I did not have the fortitude to cope with my diverse emotions that
still swirled around in my head. Dred, fear and humiliation were over laced
with an exquisite, heightened feeling of sexual anticipation that left me on
the verge of constant arousal. I worked on my fitness even more, exceeding the
plan set out for me by Mark. I even began reading inspirational stories written
by athletes. I was totally focused on proving myself to my young tenants.

&nbsp;

At night I was
falling into bed, exhausted. Once in bed I would masturbate myself to sleep,
usually accompanied by some fantasy involving Mark or Diane. 

&nbsp;

Thursday dragged
by, and I thought 8.00 pm would never come around. For the last few hours I was
a nervous wreck. I made myself a meal for dinner but found I had no appetite. I
showered after checking that my pubic hair was trimmed into a perfect triangle
and cut short, plus I waxed my legs again.

As I knocked on
the door of 17 Wisteria Lane I was so nervous I was sure I was going to faint,
or vomit, or both. I was as apprehensive as I had ever been. I had to put my
hand on the porch balcony to support myself.

&nbsp;

It was Mark,
himself, who answered the door. I gave him a nervous smile, fighting off the
feeling of nausea.

&nbsp;

�You look like
shit,� was his only introduction. 

&nbsp;

Instead of
inviting me in he reached into his pocket, pulled out a wad of money, and thrust
it into my hand. I stared at him like an idiot, uncomprehending.

&nbsp;

�Here�s the rent
money. We are busy at the moment. We will ring you when it is convenient to
come around.� 

&nbsp;

With that comment
Mark closed the door in my face, leaving me staring at the faded brass
doorknocker. I felt gutted. I shouldn�t have, as I had got my rent, and that
was the reason I had come. But I could no longer deceive myself. I was
overflowing with a deep need that had to be satisfied. 

&nbsp;

For a long moment
I stood on the porch, willing the door to open, hoping that Mark was just
playing with my emotions. Reluctantly, I eventually retreated to my Mercedes,
and drove home, feeling empty and alone. When I arrived at my house I parked in
the garage, got out and stood beside the car in the semi-darkness. A silent
mantra echoed in my brain. �Humiliate yourself, humiliate yourself, humiliate
yourself��.

&nbsp;

Fully clothed, I
placed my hands behind my head and interlaced my fingers, but kept my legs
closed. I badly needed to pee, but I forced myself to stand, and submit, to the
gathering darkness. I must have stood there, silent as a statue, for a full
thirty minutes. Then I relaxed my bladder and pressed down with my diaphragm.
Urine began to dribble out of me and soak my panties. My natural instinct was
for me to flee to my toilet before it was too late, but I forced myself to hold
my position. Urine began running down my legs, then a widening stain appeared
on the front of my white dress.

&nbsp;

I stood like that
until my bladder was totally empty. The front and back of my dress were soaked,
as were my shoes, and I was surrounded by a large puddle. I undressed, and
threw my clothes onto the hood of the Mercedes. I quickly located the ropes I
had used previously. Tying it around my waist, I looped it between my legs,
pulling it tight into my vagina before securing it in the front. The rope was
tight and dug deep into me, but I was not satisfied. I took another length of
rope, secured it to my waist, and again pulled it hard between my legs and tied
it. The two ropes pinched my labia together painfully, causing me to groan. I
forced myself to put my hands behind my neck again, then I opened my legs,
causing the ropes to bite into me even more. Tears welled up in my eyes. I
forced myself to hold the position for what I estimated must have been thirty
minutes at least. 

&nbsp;

I was in pain,
but desperately need to cum. I hobbled over to the bonnet of the Mercedes, and
sprawled over the front of it. Like some grotesque, erotic dancer I began to
squirm on the bonnet, running my engorged clit up and down the gleaming
paintwork. It was frustrating, as I found it difficult to get the necessary
friction on my clit I needed to cum, but my silent torturer forced me to keep
at it. Eventually the release I craved swept over me in a powerful spasm.

&nbsp;

I sulked for the
next two days over my rejection by Mark, neglecting both my diet and training.
It was a dumb way to try and get back at him. My palms sweated each time the
phone rang in expectation that it could be my young tenants. I had to force
myself to focus on my work. 

&nbsp;

I never heard
from Mark or Diane at all over the following two weeks. I couldn�t help feeling
like a young lover who had been ruthlessly discarded by her boyfriend. I tried
to get back to the dieting and fitness regime, but I lacked focus and drive and
slipped back into my old ways. I was moody when dealing with people.

&nbsp;

I was therefore
not in a friendly or forthcoming frame of mind when I picked up the phone one
evening, only to find my ex-husband, Ross, on the other end. We had divorced
seven years ago when he had left me for his buxom, bimbo, secretary. Ross
required an address from me of a mutual contact. He did enquire as to how I was
going, but I just grunted in a dismissive tone and read him out the details of
the address he required. 

&nbsp;

Just as I was
about to hang up on him, Ross made a parting comment. �Oh, by the way, I
understand one of your tenants works in my office.�

&nbsp;

�And who might
that be?� I responded grumpily

&nbsp;

�Diane Stutz. I
understand she and her boyfriend rent your weatherboard place in Wisteria
Lane.�

&nbsp;

My blood ran
cold. �You know Diane? She works for you?� 

&nbsp;

�Yep, sure does.
Small world, eh,� Ross responded cheerily before hanging up.

&nbsp;

I stared at the
phone as if I had caught it lying to me and I was waiting for an apology.
Surely Diane could not have mentioned anything to Ross. I was still distracted
by Ross�s comment when the phone rang again a few minutes later.

&nbsp;

�What?� I
answered moodily.

&nbsp;

�Norah, this is
Diane. The rent is due today and Mark says you are to pick it up tonight at
7.00 pm.�

&nbsp;

I looked at my
watch. �What? It is already 6.40 and I haven�t even had dinner. You must be
crazy. I cannot possibly be there at 7.00 pm.�

&nbsp;

Diane paused on
the other end of the phone, before responded quietly. �Are you sure that is the
message you want me to give to Mark?�

&nbsp;

I took a couple
of deep breaths. My mind was whirling with confusion and I briefly felt my life
was spinning out of control. I forced myself to put aside my anger, and tried
to focus my mind. I did not want to go to Mark and Diane�s, but I needed to go.
A need was driving me I that I still struggled to understand.

&nbsp;

�I will be
there,� I calmly responded.

&nbsp;

But once I had
hung up the phone I was anything but calm. I did not have time to shower or
even change my clothes. I grabbed my car keys and set off towards Wisteria
Lane, knowing that even by exceeding the speed limit I would still struggle to
make it by 7.00 pm.

&nbsp;

As it turned out,
I struck every red light possible and was almost a full ten minutes late. I
hastily parked the Mercedes and raced up to the front door, banging the
doorknocker. Diane opened the door almost immediately.

&nbsp;

�You�re late,�
she seemed anxious.

&nbsp;

I frowned at her.
�I did my very best. Have you any idea how long it takes to drive over here?�

&nbsp;

Diane did not
respond, but ushered me inside. �I think you know what to do.� She briefly put
her hand on my shoulder before disappearing down the hall to her bedroom.

&nbsp;

I breathed deeply
and tried to settle my nerves. Fortunately I had been in such a hurry to get
here I had not had my usual panic attack, but the fear of the unknown still
made me nervous. I forced myself to begin undressing and did not stop until I
was totally naked. I then interlaced my fingers behind my head in the manner
shown to me my Diane, and opened my legs. 

&nbsp;

I had just
completed this task when I spotted movement out of the corner of my eye. I
looked over my shoulder, and couldn�t help but groan at the sight of a totally
naked Diane coming towards me. Again I marvelled at the sight of her beautiful,
taut, athletic frame. The sensation I felt at that point was nothing short of
pure lust, which was totally confusing given I considered myself a full-blown
heterosexual. 

&nbsp;

Without uttering
a word, Diane stood beside me, then assumed the same stance as me: hands behind
her neck and legs opened to about thirty inches wide. Our eyes locked but
nothing was said. There was tension in the air.

&nbsp;

Like sacrificial
lambs we stood, waiting for over fifteen minutes before Mark finally entered
the room. He stood before us, and with an air of arrogance he looked both of us
up and down, from head to toe, as if we were two items for sale at an auction. 

&nbsp;

Finally he turned
to Diane, �Fetch the weighing scales from the bathroom.�

&nbsp;

I inwardly
groaned in dismay. I had been so angry and self-absorbed over the past two
weeks I had neglected both my diet and fitness. In fact I had been feeling so
sorry for myself I had been drowning my sorrows by constantly eating rubbish
food.

&nbsp;

Diane returned
with the scales and gracefully placed them at my feet. I just stared at them,
afraid to step on. Without warning Mark stepped forward, grabbed my left arm,
turned me side on, and laid into me with a flurry of severe hand spanks on my
buttocks. I screamed out in shock and pain.

&nbsp;

�Get on those
scales, you stupid bitch,� he castigated me without mercy.

&nbsp;

I desperately
wanted to rub my burning buttocks and fought to keep my hands behind my head.
Tearfully I stepped onto the scales.

&nbsp;

Mark glanced
down. �149 lb,� he read out, without emotion. �What did you weigh last time?�

&nbsp;

I grimaced in
genuine shame. �144 lb, sir.�� 

&nbsp;

�Are you telling
me you have put on 5 lb?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, sir.� I
tried to stop my bottom lip from quivering.

&nbsp;

�Have you been
following the diet and exercise program I gave you?�

&nbsp;

�No, sir,� I
whispered.

&nbsp;

�What is it with
you? Do you like being fat and unfit?� Mark sounded genuinely ashamed of my
behaviour

&nbsp;

�No, sir,� I
responded miserably.

&nbsp;

�Well, what
excuse can you possibly have?�

&nbsp;

�I am so sorry,
sir,� I snivelled, �I have been weak and self-absorbed.�

&nbsp;

�What am I to do
with you?� Mark raised his eyebrows in an enquiring gesture.

&nbsp;

All I could do
was look at the floor in genuine shame. I realised I had let myself down.

&nbsp;

�I am far from
happy with both of my woman,� Mark continued. �Diane has failed a vital
mid-term exam, and Norah can�t be bothered looking after herself. One of you is
lazy, and the other is fat and lazy. Both of you get in the garage. You can
expect to be punished severely.�

&nbsp;

With our heads
down on our chins, Diane and I shuffled away to the garage, neither of us
daring to take our hands away from behind our necks. Once in the garage we
stood in the semi-darkness, arms up and legs open. We gave each other a small,
nervous smile, but neither of us dared to speak. I had never seen Diane quite
so apprehensive before, which made me really concerned about what punishment we
may receive.

&nbsp;

We stood silently
in the garage for what seemed an eternity, and must have been close on thirty
minutes. When Mark finally entered we both arched our backs and thrust our
elbows back, pushing our breasts forward. It was a conscious and submissive
gesture to Mark, acknowledging his status as a dominant. Both Diane and I
flinched at the sight of the ugly black whip he held in his hand. Mark stood in
front of us, resting the whip on his shoulder where we could see it clearly.

&nbsp;

�It seems the
punishment I have been giving you two ladies has not been having the desired
affect,� Mark begun his lecture, �Therefore I think it is time to try something
a little different. You will punish each other!�

&nbsp;

Our mouths
dropped open, and we both glanced at each other wide-eyed.

&nbsp;

�Here�s the deal,
my lazy ladies,� Mark continued. �You will take turns whipping each other,
changing after every two strikes. The first person to take their hands away
from behind their heads is the loser. And you know how we hate losers;
therefore the loser will receive six strikes of the whip from me.

&nbsp;

We screwed up our
faces in dismay.

&nbsp;

�What�s more,�
Mark added with a wicked grin, �The six strokes will be directly on the loser�s
chubby little cunt.

&nbsp;

We screwed our
faces up even more, and I couldn�t help but groan.

&nbsp;

�Right ladies,
let the games begin!� Mark brought his hand up to his mouth and made a noise
like a bugler beginning the fox hunt. He laughed at his little joke, but
somehow Diane and I could not see the funny side.

&nbsp;

�Norah, since you
have been both fat and lazy, I think you should be whipped first. Is that not a
fair decision?� He cocked his eyebrow.

&nbsp;

�Yes, sir,� I
mumbled quietly, my eyes fixated on the whip as he passed it over to Diane.

&nbsp;

I stood nervously
as Diane disappeared behind me. I held my breath trying to anticipate the first
strike. When it did slash across my buttocks the pain was greater than I
expected. She was obviously not holding back. The second blow was even harder,
and I cried out in agony. I had to force myself to keep my fingers interlaced
behind my neck, as I desperately wanted to rub my abused buttocks.

&nbsp;

I had closed my
eyes, and when I opened them again Diane was standing in front of me nervously
holding out the whip for me to take. I took it from her, and was immediately
fascinated by the feel of the leather. I had not even held a whip before, let
alone hit anybody with one. Once Diane had handed the whip to me she took a
step backwards and placed her hands behind her neck.

&nbsp;

Tentatively I
walked behind her. I looked down at the firm, pale flesh that covered her
buttocks. They seemed so perfect it seemed almost a crime to disfigure them
with a whip. But I had to be strong willed, as I desperately did not want to
receive a whipping on my pussy from Mark. The thought of it made me shudder. I
raised my arm, took a deep breath, and then brought the whip down on Diane�s buttocks.
She let out a small groan, but I immediately knew that it was a lot less
vigorous than the punishment she had inflicted on me. I swung my arm a lot more
powerfully on the second strike, and this caught Diane by surprise. She let out
a yelp and stepped forward, but managed to keep her hands in position behind
her neck.

&nbsp;

With great
reticence I handed the whip back to Diane. Her two blows rained down on my poor
buttocks with even increased intensity, causing me to cry out and dance around
in a little jig as I tried to absorb the pain. But stubbornly I kept my hands
up.

&nbsp;

Diane returned
the whip to me, before slowly assuming her position. I whipped her buttocks as
hard as I could, and before she had time to recover I quickly delivered the
second. She howled in pain and tears formed in her eyes. I felt terrible I was
inflicting so much pain on this beautiful creature, but I had no choice in the
matter.

&nbsp;

When I passed the
whip back to Diane I could see she was getting desperate. Neither of us could
take much more. I grimaced, as I knew the next two strikes were really going to
hurt. And they did! Both blows were harder than any of the previous four. The
first strike made my knees wobble, and when the second connected I fell to my
knees in pain, tears streaming down my face. By some miracle I managed to
maintain my balance and keep my hands behind my head.

&nbsp;

I struggled to my
feet again. I knew I could take no more punishment. I desperately needed to
break Diane this time, or I was a goner.

&nbsp;

I turned to Mark.
�Please, sir,� I snivelled. �Can I ask a question?�

&nbsp;

�Like what?� Mark
was clearly ecstatic at the success of his little game.

&nbsp;

�Can we only whip
each other on the buttocks?�

&nbsp;

Mark thought
about it for a second. �I didn�t say it had to be on the buttocks,� he smiled.

Diane stared at
me with a miserable look on her face, but I had to be strong. I stood in front
of her, holding the whip menacingly in front of her face.

&nbsp;

�Push you elbows
back, � I directed Diane. For a moment she hesitated, then arched her shoulders
and thrust her elbows backwards. This pushed her firm, small breasts invitingly
forward towards me. I noticed her nipples were hard and erect, although I did
not know whether this was from fear or arousal.

&nbsp;

I stepped back,
held the whip high, and brought it down viciously across both breasts. She
backed away and screamed, but before she had time to recover I struck her a
second time, catching her right on top of her nipples. The pain was more than
she could bare and she grasped her breasts with her hands and rubbed them
vigorously, her eyes clouded with tears. She had lost the game, and I felt
sorry for her. But I had to admit to myself I also felt relieved. My body was
also on fire, but I knew it was not solely from the whipping I had received. I
was incredibly stimulated, and knew my labia were swollen and wet.

&nbsp;

Mark turned his
attention to Diane. � What do you know. Fat and lazy wins out over plain old
laziness. That is a surprise.� Mark pointed to the garage floor. �Get down on
all fours like a little doggie, and open your legs.�

&nbsp;

Still fighting
back the tears, Diane obeyed, getting down on her hands and knees, and then
opening her legs. I had an unobstructed view of her vagina and anus and it was
breathtaking. I could also clearly see that she, like me, was aroused. Mark
stepped behind her, and using an underarm swing brought the whip up firmly onto
her labia. Diane�s hips jumped in the air, and she moaned with the pain.

&nbsp;

�Stick your arse
out,� Mark commanded, before continuing the punishment.

&nbsp;

Somehow Diane
managed to take all six strikes of the whip on her pussy. By the time he
finished she had her head resting on her forearm, and was sobbing
uncontrollably. Her vagina was bright red and looked tender. Mark knelt down,
and for a moment I thought he was going to comfort her. But instead he unzipped
his fly and pulled out his penis. He stroked himself a couple of times until he
was rock hard, then rammed himself into Diane�s inflamed pussy. Despite the
discomfort she must have felt from the intrusion she arched her back so as to
give him better access.

&nbsp;

I was so aroused
by everything I was in danger of losing self-control. I was by now so wet my
juices were running down the insides of my thighs. I reached down and took hold
of my engorged clit, pinching it, and pulling it out like a tiny penis. The
sensation sent even more spasms of pleasure cascading through me, and I had to
back off as I was in danger of orgasming.

&nbsp;

Diane came hard,
and very quickly. Her groans of pain had quickly turned to ones of pleasure.
Mark withdrew his penis, and clearly had not come. His erection bobbed around
in the air. He beckoned for me to get down on my knees, and I quickly obeyed.
He roughly grabbed the back of my head and thrust it down on his penis. It was
amazing as I was actually getting the opportunity to suck Diane�s juices off
his penis. It was pure bliss. Just before he was ready to come he turned me
around, pushed my head to the ground, and roughly thrust himself deep into my
vagina. I immediately came like a wild animal, my hips thrusting back and
forward in a blur.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alfamann


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





