BDSM Library - Working Toward Longer




Working Toward Longer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Based on a true situation, a weekend becomes eternity after Jamie spends a weekend with Madam. She blackmails him into being her sexslave and domestic servant and spends years training him in orgasm control... NO ORGASMS !







&nbsp; She gave me a choice, unusual as that 
is, to write my story of ownership or she would have a girlfriend come over and 
videotape an entire 6 hours of one of our sessions to enter into a website for 
all to see.&nbsp; I quickly decided this story would be the lesser of many 
evils.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; My name is Jamie, Madam is...... 
Madam.&nbsp; We met online in the chatrooms and nearly eight years later here I 
am under her complete control.&nbsp; To give you some kind of mental image, 
Madam is a very beautiful woman of 26 while I am older than she by 10 years at 
the age of 36.&nbsp; She comes from a very wealthy background and I&nbsp;would 
define her shape as petite, by far smaller in size than myself.&nbsp; After 
nearly 9 months of comunicating online daily,&nbsp;she presented to me, her true 
location, just 73 miles from my hometown in the next larger City. She had known 
all along just where I was.&nbsp; Madam issued me a personal invite to stay a 
weekend and she would give me a grand tour of the City.&nbsp; Her request also 
included that I have someone drive me over and that I bring no personal items 
but the clothes I was wearing, she would take care of everything else.&nbsp; 
Little did I know that a weekend would become a lifetime commitment.&nbsp; 

&nbsp; Unbeknownst to me, she knew me well 
and had done her homework with true perfection and thoroughness.&nbsp; Not long 
after arriving and as we were sitting in her very lavished&nbsp; large home, she 
brought up a topic that I thought I had hidden and buried long, long ago but 
obviously ghosts have no rest.&nbsp; You see, as a teenager I was quite the 
rebellion and there was nothing else in my life except wine, women, and song. On 
any given day of any given week I would typically be under the influence of 
alcohol or dope if not both.&nbsp; Hot rodding around the local countryside with 
what was my "main squeeze" at the time, I went left of center forcing an 
oncoming vehicle to swerve into a telephone pull, killing the one and only 
occupant.&nbsp; There is no better method of becoming quickly sober and&nbsp;in 
a panic.&nbsp; We raced away as quickly as possible and to this day Kathy has 
never let a hint of what happened leave her lips. Just how Madam came to find 
out remains a mystery to this day.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;Madam &nbsp;"had me by the balls" 
and I say that almost without sarcasm.&nbsp; She and I both knew that charges 
brought against me could possibly or probably lead to life in prison.&nbsp; 
Madam gave me another alternative, my first choice of the very few in the past 
eight years.&nbsp; She said I could choose between her going to the law 
enforcement about that incident or I could choose to stay in protective solitude 
with her, of course there would be stipulations and rules to follow if I chose 
the latter.&nbsp; "There is to be no answer anymore this evening, you will give 
me your decision in the morning after breakfast".&nbsp; 

&nbsp; When she did get her answer from the 
choices presented, she began to lay out the rules and conditions. I would 
understand that I am sex slave, panty slave, and toilet 
slave&nbsp;while&nbsp;she is supreme master. Punishment for the slightest 
infractions will generally be swift and severe and also as often as needed. I 
would not hold a job other than as a domestic servant to cater&nbsp;to all of 
her whims, desires, and needs. I would be her toilet slave morning, noon and 
night.&nbsp; I would be locked in dark, tight confinement each evening. I would 
be allowed no orgasms for as long as this contract were to be active. I would 
obey all commands no matter how humiliating. "I" no longer would exist, only 
her. &nbsp;The final goal would be met whatever it would take to do, to keep a 
very hard and large erection nothing less than a twelve hour day everyday to 
satisfy her pleasures.&nbsp; This would require hard work, cooperation on my 
part, and lots and lots of patience. She was willing, was I ?&nbsp; 

&nbsp; It wasn't long until things became 
routine and this day was not unlike any other. Awakening by 5:30 AM, showering, 
relieving my system, shaving all body hair and head clean and smooth,&nbsp; 
rubbing body lotion entirely over all areas but mostly concentrating in my 
genital area, inserting my large buttplug,&nbsp; putting on the silk bikini 
panties with matching bra, very high heeled strappy shoes and wig ( usually long 
blonde and wavy ) &nbsp;along with whatever short see-thru&nbsp;top she layed 
out for me the night before, ( never a skirt, pants, or shorts to hide my 
panties ) and going to the kitchen to prepare her breakfast in bed.&nbsp; After 
fixing her breakfast and bringing it to her room, everything was as 
expected.&nbsp; The bottle of baby oil along with the tall glass of her fresh 
urine were sitting on the nightstand waiting for me where they always are 
placed.&nbsp; As usual, the glass of her her urine had the thermometer in it 
since I was only allowed to drink it at a temperature of 90 degrees rather than 
at body temperature.&nbsp; Also laying out were my daily meds, one to increase 
the amount of male hormone being produced to continue enlarging my penis, and 
the other to drasticly increase sexual stimulation sensitivity.&nbsp;&nbsp;After 
sitting up and the covers falling from her upper torso showing&nbsp;her very 
hard nipples protruding thru her satin nightie, &nbsp;she began eating her 
breakfast and telling me to begin. Right on cue I was down on my knees and 
removed my satin panties. Asking her permission to allow me to get my penis 
erect, I was given permission and also to begin stroking it with the baby oil 
very, very slowly and&nbsp;ever so softly. &nbsp;When the head of my penis was 
swollen and purple I had to stop stroking, of course with the understanding that 
after breakfast dishes were cleaned and put away, the&nbsp;very much harder and 
larger&nbsp;erection would take place for most of the day.&nbsp; With my eyes 
lowered, still kneeling, and hands at my side with a very hard swollen penis 
looking right back at me, she checked the temperature of the glass of pee. It 
was now at 90 degrees so it was time to also ask for her permission to drink it 
slowly.&nbsp; "Madam, may I have permission to swallow your urine?"&nbsp; Her 
reply was "not when you ask like that you can't, you'll have to do better than 
that".&nbsp; "Madam, I would so much like to drink your warm pee very slowly, 
may I please have permission to do so ?"&nbsp; "Well slave, that was better but 
you need to work on that". Today I will allow you to drink it but you often 
drink it too fast". This morning you will drink it in small sips so the taste 
will last longer". "Then you will not be allowed to drink or eat anything for 
the next two hours so the taste of my pee stays in your mouth and you have time 
to relish in&nbsp;the priviledge of being so lucky to have my urine".&nbsp; It 
took nearly 10 minutes to sip all of the fresh urine since the glass was very 
full.&nbsp; "Tomorrow we are 
going to begin doing a few things differently&nbsp; so be prepared".&nbsp; 

&nbsp; Tomorrow arrived today.&nbsp; Things 
started out as normal, serving her breakfast, stroking my penis to&nbsp;a 
hardness meeting her&nbsp;satisfaction, drinking her golden honey, and then... 
without warning and fire in her voice, told me to get undressed except for my 
pink silky panties, reminding me to be sure "it" stayed very hard and 
erect&nbsp;and head to the playroom in the basement, she would be down shortly 
with one of her girlfriends. &nbsp;After what seemed an eternity, Madam and her 
friend Kate ( who often helped madam with my orgasm denial training ) arrived, 
both being very scantlly dressed, scanty enough they wouldn't have needed to 
wear anything. Since becoming her submissive so long ago, I've been thru a large 
variety of circumstances, punishments, humiliations, and her sometimes wicked 
moods but something was different this time.&nbsp; In the center of the 
playroom, two saw horses sat turned sideways and one in front of the other, the 
top crossmembers of each being about sixteen inches apart.&nbsp; Hanging from 
above the sawhorses, a rope hung from the ceiling hook and at the lower end, a 
small noose, the kind that get tighter the harder the rope is pulled. I was then 
told to get up onto the sawhorses with knees on the first crossmember and shins 
on the saw horse behind.&nbsp; Leaning down, the noose was placed around my 
wrists behind my back and forced me bent over slightly. Madam placed me in this 
slightly bent position kneeling on trhe thin board so I could watch everthing 
going on.&nbsp; Both women removed their panties, turned them inside out so the 
crotches would be against my taste buds, wadded in my mouth, then duct tape 
placed over my mouth and around my head. All breathing would have to be done 
thru my nose. Both women got down to eye level of my very hard penis head and 
began to gently blow on it ever so softly. With the meds I was taking to 
increase sensitivity, it took very little stimulation to create desire and they 
both knew that.&nbsp; Maam looked me in the eyes and began to explain what was 
about to take place and it would all be recorded on film by the camera mounted 
in the corner where she pointed to it.&nbsp; She said that neither her nor Kate 
were going to actually touch my penis with their hands but that I would obtain 
the hardest erection to to date and maintain it that hard throughout the 
remainder of the day. She explained that the need to orgasm would be so strong 
that it would bring me to tears often.&nbsp; This was to be a very long and 
difficult day. 
&nbsp; Madam and Kate began to play and since 
now my head was pulled back by a head harness and my eyesced open with clamps, I 
was fiorced to watch as each brought the other to orgasm time and time again, 
each time the other wiping up the cum dripping pussy of the other with a pair of 
panties. Afterr more than a couple of hours of this and the panties dripping wet 
with the body secretions of each, they rubbed the panties under my nose so each 
time I drew a breath, I'd be smelling their cum. Then the&nbsp;panties in my 
mouth were exchanged for the sopping wet ones and mouth retaped. Taking breaks 
during the lesbian sex affair, they would blow gently across mt penis head to be 
sure it was extra, extra hard and staying that way.&nbsp; Kate had brought along 
a bag of adult toys along, one of them appearing similar to a miniture 
motorcycle helmet, strap and all.&nbsp; This "helmet" was strapped tightly to my 
extermely swollen penis head, a small electric wire plugged into the top with 
the other end connecting to a small device with several buttons and dials on it 
which was placed in my view.&nbsp; The girls sat on the couch next to one 
anothewr and took turns with the control box. This was a form of male vibrator. 
The controls were for the purpose of producing a vibration so minute that one 
would have to guess if it were vibrating at all to vibrations enough to bring on 
sexual spasms.&nbsp; WEhen it weas purchased Kate was saying, the instructions 
stated an orgasm was gauranteed within several minutes on medium setting.&nbsp; 
Kate warned me about what would happen if I went over the edge.&nbsp; The edge 
is just where they intended to keep me this entire day and the teasing and 
denial continued. The only thing I was allowed to consume that day were many 
glasses of 90 degree urine from the both of them. Since the tall glasses they 
were using would hold about twelve fluid ounces, I'd have to estimate that 
before the day was out, easily a gallon was consumed.&nbsp; Of course that 
causing my bladder to swell, I was told that the urine I iconsumed along with my 
own would simply be recycled thru my system over and over.&nbsp; Guessing four 
hours had went by, Madam decided she was a bit impatient about my progress... or 
in her case my lack of progress in fullfilling her desirwe for the hardest 
erection to date. The length was more than pleasing to the girls for the 
medication had brought it from a typical average 6 inch length and inch and a 
quarter girth to an astounding nearly nine inch length and two inch girth.&nbsp; 
Despite the unit being so hard and so big, she wanted more. After a few silent 
giggles between them, the took several ponytail ties similar to small 
rubberbands but having small silky bows on them and stretching them hard, placed 
them over the rigid member to the base and then a couple around my scrotum. I 
couldn't believe what I was seeing and feeling, My penis must've enlarged by 
another inch in length and probably really was as hard as a rock !&nbsp; Veins 
were very evident and the color surpassed purple long ago. Sensitivity increased 
five fold.&nbsp; My penis began to twitch and dance, surging since it was so 
near bursting. The drops of precum were always wiped with the finest brush of a 
female finger and wiped under my nose. I could feel a gallon of cum crying and 
begging for release. Apparently this all was quite entertaining as both gals sat 
and watched while having drinks and giggling.&nbsp; Madam left the playroom 
momentarilly while Kate began gently fanning air ecross my penis so it would 
continue it's dance. When she returned, she had a small box containing clothing 
from her long ago&nbsp;Barbie doll and they began discussing what clothing they 
wanted to dress my large penis in and could not seem to come to an agreement so 
they started trying on different outfits. The cutest they left on, that being a 
miniskirt, shorty blouse, and scarf tightly tied around the penis head to make 
it yet&nbsp;harder.&nbsp; Getting hungry, they decided to go out for a bite to 
eat and left the Barbie doll outfit on my penis, tied a small diameter 
string&nbsp;yet on top of the mini scarf already tied around my penis head, at 
the other end of the string was tied to a small but heavy book that was left 
dangling in mid air supported only by my penis which was now pulled down to a 
horizontal position,&nbsp;and put the vibrating "helmet" back on. Before 
leaving, they set the vibrations on&nbsp;a steady low with a warning that if I 
wasn't harder and bigger&nbsp;than I presently was, I would have to sleep like 
this.&nbsp; "I know just how much you would like to cum and I know that you are 
sooooo close to it right now so that will give you plenty to think about, how 
much you would enjoy an orgasm after all these years without, wouldn't that feel 
soooo good sex slave!"&nbsp; With that said, they turned out the lights and 
locked the door behind them.&nbsp;
&nbsp; Another eternity. 
&nbsp;I think it must've been 
most of the day that passed by this time and my knees lost all feeling long ago 
but was unable to move about in this position.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the lights came 
on they nearly blinded me.&nbsp; I knew I still had a&nbsp;very erect penis but 
much to&nbsp;everyone's surprise, it was indeed larger than when they left and I 
was able to keep from going over the edge...just hardly !&nbsp; 
&nbsp;
&nbsp; They certainly must've drank plenty of 
coffee while out to dinner !&nbsp; I thought a gallon of urine more than enough. 
My throat was very dry so the next drinks of pee in some ways were a welcome 
relief. Being derived from coffee though made for a very strong taste and&nbsp;a 
deep&nbsp;yellow color also. Madam says that is the best kind of pee to drink so 
I believe her. I lost count at how many glasses of urine were tipped into my 
mouth. It made me need to relieve myself also so I had a couple glasses of 
recycled pee too. They removed the cotten panties from my mouth, soaked them 
with coffee urine until dripping wet, and replaced them back in my mouth to keep 
me from getting thirsty again. There wouldn't be much urine to suck out of the 
panties but it would help anyway.&nbsp; 
&nbsp; "Tired yet slave?"&nbsp; "We have a 
ways to go yet so might as well get comfortable".&nbsp; It's been 3 weeks today 
since you were last milked of sperm to release the ache in your scrotum. Kate is 
interested in watching and learning".&nbsp; It wasn't the same as an orgasm by 
any means but it was a relief to get milked. This usually took place between 
every two to four weeks. It was recommended to her that I be milked once a week 
but she loves teasing and denial.&nbsp; As is usual, she got loads of cum. It 
wasn't thrilling to me but did relieve pressure that built up from her keeping 
me on the very edge hour after hour every single day without release and then 
being placed back in the chastity belt and&nbsp;cramped dog cage.&nbsp; Normally 
Madam has me&nbsp;drink my cum since she says that it is very good in aiding to 
sustain my erections for such long periods of time&nbsp; and helps to produce 
even more cum for the next milking.&nbsp; Kate whispered something into Madam's 
ear and after giggling, looked at me with evil grins.&nbsp;I was ordered to sit 
on one of the saw horses and put my legs up on the other, spreading them open. 
Then again the book dangled from the string tied tightly around the swollen 
penis head while scooping my cum out of the shallow bowl Madam uses to 
gather&nbsp;it one finger at a time and licking the finger clean. &nbsp;This 
took awhile since there was so much of my cum&nbsp;to lick up.&nbsp; Much to my 
pleasure, Madam said that I had suceeded in maintaining and hardening my penis 
longer than ever before and that I would&nbsp;now be rewarded.&nbsp; 
In&nbsp;following them to the downstairs toilet and after both of them relieving 
themselves of poop trapped inside most of the day, I was grtanted permission to 
lick both their asses thoroughly clean !&nbsp; To end this day was also 
rewarding, I would not have to sleep in my dog cage tonight but 
rather&nbsp;laying at the foot of her&nbsp;bed cuffed to one of the legs !&nbsp; 
In my glee I told her I would do my best to reach her expectations of my penis 
and&nbsp;suggested in my slave manners that I secretly wished she 
would&nbsp;allow me to drink &nbsp;more of her girlfriends urine and entertain 
them eating my cum.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 


Review This Story
 || Email Author:  denialqueen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





