BDSM Library - The island




The island
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 










v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


The heavy iron belts make it quite difficult to walk


 
  21
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The heavy iron belts
make it quite difficult to walk. The weight causes problems and I cannot
imagine to stay with these terrible belts for a longer time. But there is one
advantage of the belt around my waist: As long as I wear the belt I cannot
become laced in one of these extremely tight corsetts which I saw on our way
throug the yard. These corsetts seem to be incredible tight. One girl was
standing, fixed in a frame with her arms raised high above her head while two
men pulled the laces of her corsage tight and tighter. Other girls were trained
to walk upright in her corsage and unbelieveble high heels. With her belt
around her waist a corsage would be of no use. 
They were ordered into a hot barn with a humidity of nearly 100% . The
temperature upon this island seems to be always far above average but this barn
was like a steaming room. Imediatly the three girls became completely wet and
the sweat was poring out of their skin.
Without discussion one after another, the three girls had to raise their arms
and the wristbelts were fixed at strong ropes coming from the ceiling. Slwoly
but steady the ropes were pulled upward, so the arms of the girls were pulled
far above their heads. It is enough, I cannot stand anymore streching and
screamed: &quot;Stop it, please stop it, you are breaking my arms and my
shoulders.&quot; It was not a good idea to shout like that. The pulling device
was stopped and the two men came in front of me. &quot;Do you want to know what
it is like to get a broken arm or shoulder? Just ask for it and we will do
according to your wishes.&quot; They smiled devillishly and slapped hart into
my face. &quot;One more sound of you and you will receive a nice special
treatment, if you so wish. clear?&quot; &quot;yes&quot; &quot;yes? yes,
what?&quot; I got two more slappes into my face. &quot;It is 'yes, Sir', got
it?&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir&quot; It was disgusting to call these men 'Sir', but
it was better than getting more slapps into the face. &quot;That's better my
dear, I hope we will become good friends during your stay here.&quot;, one of
the men said. 
A young woman about 20 years of age came into the barn. &quot;I am your
education lady for the moment.&quot; she explains, &quot;you call me 'My Lady'
if you are allowed to say anything, got it?&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir&quot; Suzee
shouted desperately. Olga and me said &quot;Yes, My Lady&quot;. &quot;Yes, Sir?
You want to be the clown of the team? You like to make jokes? You like to laugh
and scream? You will scream, more than you can imagine, Suzee, believe
me.&quot; &quot;My Lady, excuse me ...&quot; &quot;I did not ask you to
speak!&quot; Four hard slappes into Suzees face made the hierarchy clear. The
large ring at the middlefinger left its marks in Suzees face.
&quot;Listen, you are here for education, training and correction. For us
wardens and trainers this is not an easy job and not a pleasent one as well. We
have to do our job and we have to achieve the best results. This is our target
and it should be yours as well. Some of you need more intense training and
education than others, this is quite normal in the world we are living in. Some
of you unterstand quite well what is expected, others do not. But at the end
all of the inmates here got the message and learned their lessons. Some sooner,
some later, but they all did! It is the most easiest way if you are cooperative
and work togehter with us. It is non very nice and pleasant to convince you every
day to change habit, your attitude, your way of live. We do not like to make
you scream and wince in pain every day and night. It is not pleasant to torture
you until you accept the right way of live. One of the most terrible things
here in this institute is to hear the painful screaming of the inmates every
day and night. But, it is a job which has to be done, it is a job like any
other in the world. If you are cooperate and work togehter with us instead of
working against us you may have a nice stay on this island. If not, like Suzee
I think, you will meet hell on earth. My idea of eductaion is that we life a
cooperative style of attitude. If you make a mistake, what mighjt happen from
time to time, you should tell your Lady or Mistress in charge at once to keep
the penalty on a low level. Waiting until the mistake is realized causes a much
more severe and much more painful penalty. So, working together is always a
good idea. It is not my intention to force you be good members of a community,
I prefer to have it as your own will as an intelligent person, knowing its
position in a given community. Did you get the message?&quot; She ended.
&quot;Yes, My Lady&quot; she heard all three of us answering.
&quot;Fine. And now we are starting to let you know your position in our community
here.&quot;, she smiled and ordered to pull our arms higher and higher until it
became difficult to reach the ground with the toes. My arms hurted like never
before and I tried to put some weight on the toe to make it easier for my arms.
The sweat poring out of my skin runs into my eyes and make the burn. I streched
my legs and my feet to reach the ground as good as possible.
&quot;Girls, it is 'thinking time'. We will leave you alone, so you can think
about you and your relation the other people, you can think about your faults
and your misbehavior. You will have enough time to do that. I recommend you to
stay here and to stay silent all the time. Everything is recorded and every
single sound will result in a punishment. If you think you need more time at the
end, no problem you may get an extra day or two at the end.&quot; She was so
cruel! 'Stay here' there was no chance to move a little bit. We were alread
having problems to stand the pain, which was slowly crawling all over the body.
There was no daylight in that barn. Two neon-bulbs mad artificial light, but
one was broken and permanently switching on and off. They left the barn. One of
the men returned within a minute and stood directly in front of me. I could
smell him: garlic, tabac, sweat and shirt which needs washing since weeks.
&quot;I hope you understood the message, you just got and I hope which kind of
behaviour I prefer.&quot; He grapped my head and gave me a deep french-kiss. I
tried to avoid this, but he told that it would be a good idea not be cooperate.
It was a terrible kiss.

But staying or hanging and being streched like this was even more terrible and
of course more painful. My arms seem to be twice as long as before already. The
pain starts at my wrists and moves all over my body down to my toes. I like to
scream and moan in pain and I like wiggle my body if there is a chance, but the
microphones in front of us make me shiver in fear. How long am I here on this
island? Two days? Two weeks? Two months? I absolutely do not know. How long am
I bound and streched here in the barn? No idea! The sentence was three years,
in minimum, until I am good member of the society again. How can I stand this
ordeal for three years? Right now it is more than I can stand and there is at
least two years and eleven months to go. The flickering light has turned off,
the other bulb as well. Is it evening or night? It is completely dark. My
inmates try to be silent as well. Inhaling and exhaling is done carefully, if
one of has to cough she will probably come into severe problems. No, we are not
coming into problems, we are already in severe problems, more than problems I
guess. The lights stayed out but it is not a chance to get some rest, the pain
and the struggling moving from one to another is ongoing. 
Suddenly three extreme bright beamers, one in front of each of us, swiches on.
It is blinding bright and after then darkness it hurts in the eyes. It is like
being on a stage. All three of us yelled because of this surprising brightness.
Another recording for the next punishment. How many do I already have on my
file?
Minutes seemed to be hours and hours seemed to be days, it is endless and maybe
they are leaving us here until we ... 
No, there easier ways to eliminate three girls, but hunger and thirst, thirst,
thirst together with pain and fear makes me weak.
Finally after several hours the door opend and the education lady returned to
the barn. &quot;Ah, you are still here! I guess you like it otherwise you would
have decided to go elsewhere, right?&quot; I cannot believe this cruelty. She
is so exteremely mean. &quot;I am waiting for answer and I do not like to
wait&quot; she screamed. &quot;Yes, My Lady&quot; all three of answered very
exhausted. &quot;What do you mean? Yes, My Lady? May I hear a sentence, like
'Yes, My Lady I like it here very much and i would like to stay here
longer.&quot; We all repeat the sentence feeling very much humiliated.
&quot;That is nice to hear, because, as I told earlier, I like to have consens
with you. If you wish further treatment and ask for it like you just did, the
results are much more sufficient.&quot; She smiled in an evil way. 
&quot;You girls may have some relieve. I do not want to make your stay here on
our nice island more painful than it must be. One or another of you may get
some sort of pain or hardening muscels when being streched like this for hours
more. Do you want to change your position before it becomes painful?&quot;
&quot;Yes, My Lady&quot; we answerd, not syncron but very fast. &quot;Yes? Yes
what? Again how about a sentence like 'Yes, My Lady, I would like to change
position before it becomes painful and I would be very thankful about it&quot;
&quot;Suzee how about you?&quot; She replied with sentence. &quot;May I have it
a bit louder, my dear?&quot; Again she replied the sentence. How about you,
Astrid? I replied and tried to be as loud as possible after these hours.
&quot;You do not need to scream at me, Astrid. Try again.&quot; I did and it
was load enough and not too loud. &quot;I did not realize any positive
vibrations in your voice, there seem to be not really pleasure in your voice.
Do you want to stay like now or do you want to try to aks again?&quot;
&quot;Yes, My Lady, I would like to ask again, if I may.&quot; Oh god, did I
really said this devote words? &quot;Nice, you are starting to learn your
lesson. So try again and put all the pleasure you are just feeling in your voice
and let your eyes shine bright.&quot; I did whatever was possible for me. I do
not know how bright my eyes shined, they were burning because of the sweat in
them. Our education lady was satisfied with the pleasure I demonstrated and she
moved over to Olivia. Actually I do not take care what happend with her, but
somehow she made the Lady satisfied. It is indeed some sort of pleasure to know
that this torture ( was it something else??) will be over in a short time.
The wardens come in again. How can a single smell so terrible? Even having a
shower only once a month is for sure less smelling then him. Providing three
tripods looking like heavy duty camera-tripods, one is put in front of each of
us girls. A foto-session? No, sure not. &quot;You will get your relieve&quot;
the education lady explained. &quot;You do have to hang on your wrists or
balance upon your toes, girls. You will get some extra support and I am shure
you will like it.&quot; Extra support? Does it mean that we are about to be
freed?? Olivia is the first realising what is in store for us. A selection of
dildos or vibrators is brought and it is quite obvious how they are intended to
be used. Different sizes and different shapes of these sometimes really nice
toys are produced, but all of the have one in common: to large to handle.
Checking our personal files the Lady decides which vibrator for whom of us
girls seemd to be right fitting. Right fitting does not really say comfortable
fitting. Mine is much to large to put into my private area, i am shure about.
Suzee is getting more an more desperate. Finally, after a bit of nipple
treatment done by the Lady, Suzee desperately explains &quot;You cannot put
this device inside me, no it is impossible.&quot; &quot;Did I got it wrong or
did you miss to adress me personally? Try it again.&quot; She does adding the
usual &quot;My Lady.&quot;
&quot;Maybe you can explain why you think it 'impossible'? But do not forget to
adress me in a proper way.&quot; &quot;I am, I, I am, I, I,&quot; &quot;Sounds
very smart, but never start a sentence with 'I', start it with 'My Lady'. Try
again.&quot; &quot;My Lady, yes, I am, I, I am a virgin.&quot;

&quot;You are what?&quot; slapping right and left Suzees head bounced from one
side to the other &quot;You say you are a virgin? Is that right?&quot;
&quot;Yes, My Lady, it is right.&quot; What?, what is right? Would you please
be so kind answering in complete sentences!&quot; &quot;Yes, My Lady, I am a
virgin!&quot; You are joking, my dear, and I do not like jokes like that. I am
sure this is the last one you produced for the coming months, believe me!&quot;
My Lady, it is not a joke please believe me, it is really true.&quot; &quot;How
can you still be a virgin after you have been transportet with an understrap
between your legs providing an anal-plug as well as a vaginal plug? The plugs
used during transportation are large enough to make sure that you are
deflorated. There is no chance for you to be a virgin anymore. Maybe you did
not realize it, but the vaginal-plug made you being a virgin history. There was
for sure enough pain and fear and you did not notive your defloration. Forget
it, my dear, you are not a virgin anymore!&quot; &quot;My Lady, there was no
vaginal plug mounted at my understrap. Somebody has taken it off just before it
was fixed at my corsage. Please believe me. I would never dare to lie.&quot;
&quot;Ok, my dear, we make a deal: I call for the assistant doctor to check
your vagina. If you are really still a virgin you will not yet get a dildo put
into your vagina and we will celebrate a memorable defloration afterwards. If
it is not true, you will prefer not being born, because I am going to make
every day a very special day for you! You got the message?&quot; Yes, My Lady,
and I am a virgin.&quot;
&quot;Ok, if you so wish. Call Christine to come in here immediatly and tell my
private girls that I would like to have them here as well.&quot; One of wardens
went to call Christine and the private girls.
Christine is one of the inmates, she has a doctors degree in medicine. She is
in her mid thirties, having already to children, beeing happily married until
about three years ago. Her married turned out to become more and more less
happy. About two years ago she was sentenced to the island. CHristine is a tall
and slim woman, having auburn hair way down her shoulders. For her age and
having two children her body is more than perfect, most twenty year old girls
would like to have a perfect figure like CHristine. Beeing something around
180cm tall she is really impressive. Christine supports the officials of the
island with medical service as long as she is not personal treatment herself.
Christine is brought into the barn. Her tall figure seems to be more than tall
because of the incredible high heels CHristine is wearing. Her ankles are
streched to its outmost and she is seems to walk on her toes only, supported by
an incredible tall stilleto heel. She is firmly pressed into a tight corsett
which is laced very severly, still leaving about 3 cm to go, to be completely
closed. She is wearing metall-rings like we do, except the waist-ring and her
rings are made of iron they are made of shiny steel. Her firm breast are
pressed upward because of the corsage. The large steel-rings at her nipples are
looking very prominent. A small separate piercing was at her nipples to keep a
barbell on every side. Her septum was also pierced and a metall-ring reached
down just above her upper lipp.

&quot;Christine, you made the IMC (initial medical check) with this girl,
right?&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious Lady&quot; Christine answered standing like
a soldier when standing at attention. &quot;This girl claimes to be a virgin
still. I do not believe that this obvious fact may remain undisclosed during the
IMC. Having a virgin girl here in our nice and cosy camp is quite an important
and not very usual fact which definitely is a fact which needs to be
reportet.&quot; &quot;Yes, my graious Lady, it is a must to know about a virgin
at this island.&quot; &quot;Very nice, that we both agree upon that. Would you
please check this girl immediatly about her virginity.&quot; the education lady
asks friendly and very sarcasticly. &quot;Yes of course, my gracious Lady&quot;
Christine replied. It must boring and sometimes quite difficult to call the
education Lady always 'my gracious Lady' but Christine seems to be used to that
expression. She is gently touching Suzee's inner parts of her tights. &quot;You
are not asked to make love to her, just check her pussy and tell me.&quot;
Christine moved her fingers inside the Suzee's vagina &quot;I do not have a
speculum here with me, my gracious LAdy.&quot; Christine explained. &quot;Come
on, check her up. Use your fingers or your hand. I want to see a result, right
now.&quot; Christine is just reaching Suzee's hymen knowing from that moment
that Suzee still is a virgin and she herself is in new trouble from that very
moment on. &quot;My gracious Lady, it is true, this girl is still a virgin, she
is untouched. There is no doubt about it.&quot; &quot;Really? That's really
great! We are going to have some fun with her while celebrating her
defloration. I think we can try out the new toll, I have asked you to create
for this type of events.&quot; The Lady seems to be quite happy with this fact.
&quot;One question, Christine&quot; she asked getting angry, &quot;how come
that you did not realize this fact during the IMC? What are you doing during
this check?&quot; &quot;My gracious Lady, normaly there is no virgin between
the girls of that age. Therefore it is not part of the regular IMC to check the
girls virginity.&quot; &quot;How defined what is part of the IMC and what may
be left out?&quot; &quot;My gracious Lady, it was me who designed the IMC and
the single tasks of it.&quot; &quot;Ok, so you are responsible for the quality
of the results, right?&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious LAdy&quot; Christine
replied not very happy. &quot;You may guess that this responsibilty will result
into changes of the severety of your eduction.&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious
LAdy.&quot; &quot;First: put your arms behind your neck. Warden: fix her
wristbelts at the back of collar.&quot; The warden fixed the belts as he is
told. CHristine now has her hands behind her head or neck, this causes her
breasts to be pressed forward even more. The position is also not very
comfortable. &quot;Before we go on with our new inmates, I shall define the new
facts for you, CHristine. From now on your type corsage will not be 'very
tight' anymore, it will be 'extreme tight', the planned piercings for your
labia will not be done, your clit will not receive a piercing-ring, instead of
your clit your clithood will be pierced. Your concern about destroying your
capability to have feelings is therefore without reason.&quot; &quot;Thank you,
my gracious Lady, thank you very much.&quot; Christine said in a really happy
voice. &quot;Don't thank me, CHristine. You know I am trying to do my best for
you girls, but I am not yet done with my commands. Instead of the planned two
rings in your labia, we will insert two piercings in your tounge which is a
great pleasure for men and women if you provide oral service. Your labia as
well as your clit will be removed like it is done in most african
countries.&quot; &quot;Noooooooooooooooooo, no, no, you cannot do this to me,
you cannot cut apart, that is not human, you cannot treat me like an animal, no
you cannot...&quot; &quot;Shut up!&quot; Christine gets some really hard slapps
into her face, bringing her back down on earth. &quot;You forgot to adress me
properly, that's worth an additional penalty, right?&quot; &quot;My gracious
LAdy please excuse me for addressing you properly, I am so sorry, please, but
you cannot...&quot; &quot;I can&quot; Christine is interrupted &quot;bring her
out, fix her at the corsage-post in the sun and lace her into the extreme tight
corsage.&quot; 

&quot;By the way, how long has it been since you had your last sexual
satisfaction, CHristine?&quot; &quot;It is a bit more than one and half year,
my gracious Lady.&quot; &quot;Imagine to continue this situation for the rest
of your live! If you cannot remember how nice it feels to reach an orgasm you
will have this feeling several until the surgery will be done. You like
that?&quot; &quot;Yes my gracious Lady, I like it very much.&quot; &quot;Nice
to hear but I have forgotten to tell you that you will not reach the final
satisfaction, you will not come to an orgasm or a climax. Our sophisticated
tool is going to monitor your body functions and the vibrator will be switched
off just before you reach the point of no return. It will let you cool down
completely and start over again, but you will never get satisfaction.&quot;
&quot;My gracious Lady that is terrible cruel, why am I not allowed to...&quot;
&quot;Shut up, I am not discussing my decision with somebody like you.&quot;
&quot;Yes, my gracious Lady. What is my husband going to say when I am coming
back home?&quot; &quot;We have an agreement with him: you have to be well
trained and educated, you have to be still a good looking woman when leaving
us, your figur is shaped according to the outmost possibilities, you are
obendient without hesitating a fraction of a second, you are providing sexual
and other pleasures according to the wishes of your husband. That's it. I do
not see any point related to your chance of having sexual satisfaction,
right?&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious Lady, you are right of course.&quot;
During this sort of discussion the wardens has installed the stuff needed for
Suzee's further treatment. A wooden board is put beneath her legs. The two cm
side of the plank going upward. Suzee is slowly lowered, suddenly she realizes
what the plank is for: She has to sit on the small side of the board.
&quot;Please, oh please I cannot stand this&quot; she suddenly starts to cry.
&quot;How do know, if you never have tried? It is an experience which might be
new to you, but you should become a little bit more open minded for new things
to do. You will be better off to do so, be sure.&quot; Suzee started to cry
silently while she is lowered to the board until her whole weight is pressing
her private area on to the board. Her feet are now wide spread because of the
two chaines connected to her ankle-belts and pulled apart. Finally her arms are
lowered more and freed from the chain, but fixed at her back within a second
and pulled upward again. This makes her shoulders burn like hell and her upper
body is moved to froward to make the pain easier to stand. This is causing a
different position at the board causing a more intense pain between her legs.
After a short in this position Suzee realizes that every position, every mm she
moves forward or backward just change the pain to another sqare-mm of her
private area or encreases the pain in her shoulders. She is helplessly
delivered into her ordeal. &quot;This ensures that virginity will remain as it
is but your training and educaton can go on with only minimal limitation. I do
hope that you are happy and thankful about this special treatment which is done
especially for you, my dear.&quot; Suzee is just wheeping and again or still
trying to find the optimal position. &quot;No answer? You are not convinced?
You need more arguments? OK, if you so wish. Warden, put the triangle on top of
the board, our girl is still not satisfied with her situation.&quot; A rounded
triangle is put on top of the plank, Suzee is lifted a bit and the triangle is
moved between her legs. Now she has to sit on the round edge of the triangle.
How can a woman be so cruel to another woman?
&quot;Now you girls, it is your turn, Astrid and Olivia.&quot;

It is obvious that there is no chance to escape her cruel ideas and it is
useless to expect any kind of mercy. 
&quot;It ist going to be comfortable for you, from now on, you will get some
extra support to carry your weight. By the way you will become quite motivated
to support your weight by the new installation.&quot; The wardens are fixing
the the large dildos on the top of the tripods. Moving it between my legs, i am
first to be fixed in that way. The head of dildo is put into my private aread.
As already seen, the dildo is very large and hard to handle. MY hands are
slowly lowered and the preassure between my legs is rising. I try to put my
weight on my toes not letting the dildo move any more into myself. My arms are
feeling better at once, still in pain it really much easier to stand the pain
then it was before. Satisfied with her job the wardens leave me alone, moving
over to Olivia. The procedure is done to her. Not being able to see Olivia it
is clear to hear what is happening.
My toes are starting to hurt more than they did before. I try to get hold of
the rope connected to my wristbelts, but the rope is fixed at the back side of
my hands, so there is no chance to support my feet and toes with my hands. My
legs begin to shiver and I fear to get a cramp, which is probably incredible in
this situation. I cannot on my toes for a long any more, I have to give the
toes some relieve, it is impossible to strech legs and feet all the time, there
is no streching of the arms anymore but the legs and feet, oh God! 
The door of the barn is openeing and two young and slim girls are coming into
the terrible barn. They do look absolutely identical! Like a picture in a
mirror! Twins!
&quot;Ah, here you come my lovely girls&quot; they are greated by the Lady in
charge of our 'education'. &quot;My I introduce my personal service girls? It
is Kerstin and Kirsten.&quot; The two girls remain silent and not moving a bit.
Not saying a word nothing. It is difficult to see the girls exactly, but it
seems that they are not in a very comfortable dress. They are dressed or
equiped completely identical. A tight black corsage formed an extreme tight
waist and pressed their breast upwards. Their nipples are pierced and it seems
that a streching device is pulling severly at theis nipples. Their neck is put
into a large leather or rubber collar keeping their head upright without
letting the chance to move the head left or right. Some sort of harness is fixed
at the collar and a horse-like rubber-device is tightly pushed in their mouth.
They are abviously not able to swallow without difficulties. Their septum is
also pierced and a ring is reaching to their upper lipps. A nose-hook pulls
theis noses up and helps to prevent any movement of their heads. Their brown
long hair is put together to a pony tail. The feet of Kirsten and Kerstin are
tightly laced into ankle-high boots with a shiny steel stiletto-heel. Between
her legs a black leather strap is reacing from the front of the corsetts to the
backside. The understraps are moving directly through the center of private
area, pressing their labia apart. A piercing ring at theis clit or clithood is
made of shiny steel. The understrap is moving right through this ring. The arms
of the girls are covered wirh fingerless mittens up to the shoulders, fixed
with two belts at the collar.
&quot;These two are responsible for my personal pleasure and satisfaction. They
know how to do it and if they are not sure, they will learn fast, very fast.
There is one nice thing we have organized with our twins: If one makes a
mistake and needs punishment, the other one is receiving the punishment. For
example: if Kerstin is servicing right and in a proper way, let's say a dozen
strokes may be adequat for her. Not Kerstin will receive the strokes, no, they
will put on Kirsten's back. If Kirsten failes to receive them in a correct way,
counting, saying thank you, not making noise and so on, additional strokes will
be spoken and received by Kerstin instead. Got the idea? One girl is producing
punishment for the other one. That's really funny for me, not for them. They
love each other very much and try to avoid punishment for her sister, so they
are very obedient!&quot; The girls did not move a bit during that explanation,
just concentrate not to produce a punishment.
I cannot stand on my toes anymore and slowly insert the terrible large dildo to
ease my position. But no, it is not possible, what is happening now?

I cannot believe that! The large dildo which is pressing into my vagina and
spreading it more and more apart starts to move. It is not a simple dildo, it
is some sort of vibrator, starting it's work. The vibrating speed is slowly but
permanently increasing. It seems that this device is vibrating to the left and
right and also in and out, a little bit like a screw driven into a piece of
wood and turned the opposite direction to come out and than in again and out.
The vibrator is more than filling me completely, it is streching me to the limits.
Also the length of the vibrator causes problems, pressing deeply inside me it
touches severely my uterus causing additional discomfort. Discomfort? No, more
than that, pain, real pain.
The cruel lady, or girl, yes it is more girl than lady, is stepping close to
me. Standing right in front of me, only Centimeters away, I can smell her
parfum. It smells like vanilla, yes the basic of the parfum is vanilla and the
smell is fresh, aromatic, sensual, pleasant, erotic. Her hair is shining
brightly, washed and blow-dryed perfectly and her shampoo seems to match her
parfum. It is not excatly the same but supporting the terriffic smell. Her
masquera is like being done by a proffesional stylist, not to much, not
colourful, just fitting to her face and making her eyes look even larger. It
seems to be impossible. Standing painfully bound with a terrible large vibrator
inserted thinking about the parfum and masquera of the cruel lady who is
responsible for this torture. And a torture it is!
&quot;You will not climax today, you will not reach an orgasm with this
vibrator. You are not allowed to do so. Got it?&quot; she wispered in my right
ear. Being concentrated to minimize pain and discomfort I am not answering. She
shouts at me the same order right into my ear. &quot;Yes&quot; I replied under
preassure. &quot;Yes, what?&quot; she shouted at me. &quot;Yes, my Lady&quot; I
answered. &quot;Can't you speak like a normal person and build complete
phrases? Again please.&quot; &quot;Yes, my Lady I am not allowed to
climax.&quot; &quot;Sounds a bit better, we will have enough time to train
that.&quot; &quot;Yes, my Ladyy we will have enough time to train that.&quot; I
answered to make her calm down. &quot;Put your tounge out. As far as you can
and even more.&quot; she commanded. She takes my tounge with her front tees and
keeps it pulling it with her tees. With her hands she starts to play with my
nipples. She is sort of kissing me in that strange way, coming closer and
closer with her mouth to mine. One hand is leaving a nipple and moving down
between my legs. I do believe but I realize that I start to become wet. She is
starting to play with my clit touching it gently moving her middle right over
my clit having the indexfinger and the ringfinger on both sides of my clit. I
am geting more an more wet. The pain mixes with the rising lust and both are
increasing. Leaving my tounge alone she again wispers in my ear &quot;You are
not allowed to climax in no way and under no circumstances. If you fail to act
according to my order, you will receive punishment, severe punishment. Keep in
mind that what you was done to you during the last hours was not punishment and
not severe, it was just simple training and education. So, if you like to learn
how far your limits might be pushed, start to let you go and climax. But please
do not blame me afterwards. I have informed you and I have warned you.&quot;
While she is saying this, she continues rubbing my clit and playing with my
nipple. Feeling that I am becoming more and more wet I replie. &quot;Yes, my
Lady I shall not climax and I beg you not to punish me severely.&quot;
&quot;You are begging me? No chance, if severe punishment is needed, it will be
done, no doubts no questions no arguing.&quot; She is continuing to play with
my clit and she knows what is about to happen with me.

The never before experienced mixture of pleasure and pain is taking control of my
body and brain. Both pain and pleasure melt together into a new never ever
before felt extreme form of undiscripeble feelings. The pain in the arms and in
the vagina is still there, it is not a bit easier to stand, but the position I
am looking at it is different. The relation between the pain and me seems to be
more -let's say- friendly. I still do not like the pain but it is not my enemy
right now. The pleasure is fighting a hard battle against pain and both are
stirred up into some sort synergetic effect summing up to something absolutely
unknown to me. I still do not believe that it may be possible to reach what I
am about to reach after and while having this terrible pains in almost all
parts of the body. Even the part which is normaly producing pleasure is put
into really hard pain, but still seems to be able to find a way out this
disastrous situation. I am startingg to moun louder and louder. I know it is
about to happen and it should not happen. I am not supossed to come here and
now and I do not want to as well. &quot;Please, my Lady stop playing with my
clit.&quot; I mumbled &quot;You are making me come, please don't.&quot; Only
millimeter away from my ear she wispers &quot;Yes, Astrid, you will come here
and now and I told you not to come. You will receive the promised punishment
for your disobiedience. You will come because you want to come. If you are
honest to yourself, the only thing your really want right in this moment is to
come, to scream because of the pleasure of your orgasm and nothing else. You
accept the pain as long as you are experiencing the pleasure of lust now, right
now in this very moment. In a few moment you will loose all your resistance and
let the climax take control of you. You will, of course, regret it afterwards.
You will regret having had an orgasm in front of these wardens, you will regret
having demonstrated what kind of girl you are, accepting everything to reach
the edge of a climax and you will regret because of the punishment waiting for
you to stand.&quot; With her face totally close to mine, I pledged
&quot;Please, my Lady, please stop it. It is so terrible, please, I promise
that I did not intend to come, please, oh god, stop it, please.&quot; She
permanntly rubs my clit with her fingers. Without stopping it is only a
question of seconds until pleasure wins over pain in this very battle. &quot;I
like girls like you, having a good sense of style and art of living. Even in
the hardest moments ever experienced the idea of lust and pleasure is still
active. I shall take you as one of my personal girls. You will support the
other girls like Kerstin and Kirsten to provide me with the needed amount of
pleasure and comfort. Being close to me, I am able to control, train and
educate you in the best possible way. How about that? DO like that idea? Or do
you need some time to think it over? To sort out the advantages and the
disadvantages? Do you want a two day 'thinking period' to get a clear view?
Maybe two days outside in the burning sun, put into one of our efficient
devices will to make your decision.&quot; &quot;Please, my Lady, I do
everything you want, but please stop playing with my clit, please.&quot;
&quot;I hope that you are doing everything I ask. So I am just testing you:
'You are not allowed to come and I expect you to obey my orders and to act
according to my commands. Having a climax is not allowed and I do hope you will
not.&quot; Playing more and more intese between my spread legs she makes it
almost, no really impossible to obey. &quot;Do you want me to increase your
pain to support in your effort not to come?&quot; &quot;No, my Lady I cannot
stand any more pain, no please. I will try to my best to obey yur
commands.&quot;
Is this me talking to that young girl? Begging and pledging for mercy,
promising not to come, knowing to be right nearby an incredible climax.
Promising to obey her ever so cruel orders with out thinking. Is it really me
thinking and speaking like that? Am I already brain-washed? How can I accept
this situation in any way? Am I already chnaged, a new person? Did she make it?


Starting to rub my nipples one at a time, she starts to make me loose control
and to break my promise not to come. Being not able to stand it any longer, I
am beginning to breath more and more heavy, moaning not articulated words or
sounds. My stomach is contracting, a sour taste covers my mouth, my legs are
not into my control anymore, my eys start to produce a firework of colours and
stars going up and down. I am under control of an extraordinyry climax. One of
a sort I have never experienced before. I am lossing complete control. My body
is moving back and forth as far as the ropes allow me to move. Not knowing how
long it takes, it is then sort of climax every girl expects to have: just
undiscripable!
Coming back to reality after what appears to have been an eternity, I realize
the face of the cruel lady just in front of me and right in that very moment I
also realize the incredible pain caused by the vibrator working inside me.
Being unable to stand upright I had forced the large tool deeply inside my
which is, because of the disastrous size immensly painful. Not only streching
me apart it also severly presses against my inner womanhood in a way that
motivates me to go back on my toes to get some relief. Just after the climax
pain has taken over control again, without a break from one feeling to the
opposite. The lady in front of me is laughing: &quot;I guess you did not obey,
you did not keep your promise. O, o, what was prmoised for not being
obedient?&quot; Not able to speak a clear word a mumbled something without any
sense. &quot;Did you adress me properly? Did you girls hear something like 'my
Lady'?&quot; she asks Kirsten and Kerstin. Both answer unisone like a choir and
agree that I did wrong. &quot;You did not keep your, promise, you did obey, you
did not adress me correctly. Three faults at one time. You will feel pity for that.
I am sorry about that, but you will receive the promised punishment. To be
honest, I am not really sorry, just the opposite. It is going to be exactly
thought over and planned in detail. It will not be exactly the same pleasure
for you as it is for me, but you will not complain about being let alone and
feeling lonely. Before we go on with you let us have a look at your companion
to your left, she surely needs some attraction as well. Do you want her to be
treated like you were?&quot; &quot;No, my lady, it is terrible you should not
do it to her.&quot; I hear myself saying. &quot;Ah, you will not allow her to
have a climax as well? If you will not accept to let her receive the same
treatment, we should start with you a second time and you will take her share as
well. right?&quot; &quot;No, my Lady, please not me again, please no.&quot;
&quot;I expected that answer.&quot; We are going to come back to you again
within the next hour after we are finish with that lovely girls, ok?&quot; 

&quot;Yes, My Lady I agree&quot; &quot;You agree&quot;??? she shouts at me.
&quot;You dare to say that you agree? I have never met a girl on that island
who dares to say something like that. You agree, you are not asked to agree,
you will not agree but you will be doing what is told to you. Got it?&quot; she
screams in total anger. &quot;Yes, My Lady I understand, please forgive me my
fault.&quot; How can it be that I am so devot when talking to this young and
arrogant Lady? &quot;Astrid, you just asked yourself how can you be so devot in
front of me and you called something like an arrogant girl. right?&quot; she
asked me. Pausing and trying to make up my mind I finally answered &quot;Yes,
My Lady, you are right.&quot; &quot;you will pay an extra charge for that. Your
money is without any value, so have pay in a different way, pain, obedience,
service, pleasure for other people. I am sure we will find something
suitable.&quot;
One of the men took the tripod between me legs and pulled it away, pulling the
dildo out of me with a fast movement. A short scream left my mouth. &quot;I did
not ask you to comment my work.&quot; the warden told me.
The dildo was taken from the tripod and it looked really used, wet and
moistered from myself. &quot;Come on here, Suzee, now it is your turn.&quot;
Suzee opened her eys in desparate &quot;Please My Lady please ...&quot; she is
not finisheing the sentence. &quot;Please what and how about the wording to
adress me? Did you forget? or do you need some extra exercises?&quot; Please my
Lady, not that dildo in my ... you know I am still, oh please have mercy,
please my Lady.&quot; &quot;What are you talking about? You will take this
dirty dildo into your mouth and clean it with your tongue and lipps until it
looks unused. You will do that at least as long as Astrid and Olga are busy and
afterwards you will have to clean something else. You will be busy for the next
hours.&quot; The lady took the dildo pressing it deep into Suzee's mouth. She
really problems to take into her mouth because of the size, she will never take
in lenght, she would need to swallow the incredible dildo.
&quot;Astrid, you are not done yet. You should do some extra work because of
your faults. Would you please lift her legs up.&quot; the Lady asked Kerstin
and Kirsten &quot;and put into the two belts left and right and pull the legs
apart as much as possible for easy eccess.&quot; &quot;Yes, my beloved
Lady&quot; both girls answered. Taking my legs up, parallel to the ground, I am
again hanging at my arms, now with my legs wide spread. The spreading is going
on and on until I fear that the girls are pulling me apart. &quot;That should
be enough for todays treatment&quot; the lady told the girls, &quot;now it is
your turn&quot; she said to the men &quot;let her see and feel a real manhood.
You will accept both men in your womanhood, like it has to be. You will doing
everything a good girl or loving woman is doing to her friend or husband. You
will use muscels to give pleasure, you will move your body to support your
partner, simple everything a nice lady is doing for her lover. You got the
idea? Both men will use you in a very normal way. Your friend, Suzee, will keep
the dildo in her mouth until the first man is satisfied. Suzee will than start
to work and clean his manhood and you are giving pleasure to the second one.
And remember: Both of you the men and you need to climax. It ist not over until
you have climaxed two times, once with every man. You like that game? Sure you
like it. Or you will learn to like it.&quot;

There is no chance to do anything to prevent what is to be happening right now.
The two dirty and terrible smelling wardens are about to use me. It is probably
the wrong word, they will not use they are going to do the most horrible thing
which can be done to a woman: they are going to force me into what they would
call 'a good fucking', they are going to rape me, that's it: a rape, nothing
else.
&quot;Kerstin, would you please be so kind to help the first of our Mensieurs
to come into the right mood?&quot; &quot;Yes, my Lady, certainly&quot; the girl
replied and started to unzipp the mans trousers starting an experienced massage
of the mans manhood. &quot;Kirsten, would you please be so kind and help Suzee
to insert more of the dildo, it looks like she is having some problems.
Afterwards, it would very nice if you would lubricate and grease her rear
entrance, maybe it will be needed.&quot; &quot;Yes, my Lady, certainly&quot;
the girl replied exactly like her sister before. 
Olga is moaning because she is lowered by the second warden and the dildo is
moving inside her. Suzee is desperately working with her mouth to clean the
dildo I had inside me before. Kirsten is putting some preassure on the dildo to
move it a bit more into Suzee's mouth. Her eays are wide and getting more and
more wider. She tries to shake her head, but she cannot. It looks like the
dildo reaches her throat, when Kirsten finally stops pressing it. Kirsten
instantly moves to Suzee's back side and start to rub grease onto her backside
entrance. Putting the grease around Suzee's anus, Suzee realises what is
planned for her and the desparate thought are clearly visible in her face.
&quot;Kirsten, please do not forget to grease and lubricate the little girl
inside her as well.&quot; the Lady told her very friendly. &quot;Yes, my Lady,
I will do it inside and outside. Do you want me to strech her tight opening a
bit and use two fingers?&quot; &quot;Yes, please it will make it easier for
Suzee afterwards.&quot; The talking sounds like two people talking about having
another cup of tea and a second piece of sugar, but they are talking about a
real cruel plan which is about to be put into realisty within the next minutes!
Kerstin has finished preparing the warden and he is already standing right in
front of me. A little bit of lowering my ankles and both our intimate parts of
our bodies reached the same heights. He started to move his penis inside my
vagina. &quot;Kerstin, you can start to suport the other warden.&quot;
&quot;Yes, my Lady certainly.&quot; the answer is given without the slightest
delay. Olga has alsready inserted the dildo and her ordeal has begun. Kerstin
startet to prepare the other warden in the same way she did with the one just
working his penis inside my vagina. What was the command? I have to come twice,
once with every warden. My vagina is extremely streched becausse of the large
dildo, so I hardly feel the wardens penis. His size is about normal not to
large and not small, just everage. Without any foreplay at my clit or some nice
playing with my nipples it is going to be difficult to reach an orgasm, because
there is almost no sensual stimulation done by the penis. Suddenly it occurred
to my mind that I have not taken my anti-pregnance-medics. Anything might
happen, absolutely anything! A child! I like children but not this terrible man
as father and I do not want to become pregnant here, not today not in that
circumstances, no,no, no, no, no. I suddenly screamed the 'no' just while the
man starts to spurt his come inside me. Too late, I am filled with his seemen
and the risk of becomming pregnat tends to be high.
My screaming is regarded as 'playing an orgasm', which is something like
cheating and it is not allowed, so it will result in points, malus-points of
course. Trying to explain why I screamed is not a good idea and I receive
additional malus-points. &quot;You are aproaching a critical amount of
points.&quot; the Lady told me, &quot;It would be wise of you to keep yourself
a little bit more under control by yourself. Otherwise a negative reaction
because of your malus-point will come into action quite soon.&quot; Being in a situation
like that it is incredible that someone is talking in a very polite way about
what might happen.
&quot;Kirsten, please take out Suzee's dildo and help her to take the real
penis for cleaning and giving a bit of additional pleasure to him.&quot;
I cannot care for Suzee and Olga because the second warden is approaching me,
just grapping my cheeks he lifts me up a bit and swoash has entered my vagina
with his penis. Kissing me into my face he works like a devil in me. Not
feeling anything it is getting more and more disgusting to have this smelling
man near me.

I start to realize that this penis is quite a bit longer than the one before,
but still not thick enough to fill my streched vagina. I just feel his
&quot;thing&quot; punching at my uterus. &quot;Spread your legs wider&quot; he
commands. Being already spread wide because of the ropes at my ankles I have no
chance to spread any more. I already have the feeling to become torn apart. The
Lady nods with her head a little bit and the two grils, Kerstin and Kirsten
immediatly started to pull at the ropes connected to my ankles to spread me
even more. Screaming because of the sudden pain I got the information that
screaming because of nothing is strcitly forbidden and will result in malus
points from now on. What can I do? Complaining? Screaming? Argueing? Fighting?
against whom? and how? Bound as I am, suspended from the ceiling since hours,
completely exhausted. There is probably no chance then to obey and accept the
terrible fate.
The warden is working inside me, it is really sort of work and nothing else,
pumping back and fore, sweating even more than before he is trying to
demonstrate what kind of a viril man he is. An important point may be to force
me into a climax, which seems to be impoosible. It suddenly amazes me how logical
and clear my thoughts are, despite the unbelievable situation. There is just
pain and a terrible smelling man who is fucking - yes, that is right
expression, nothing else - me just to have fun and to humiliate me and I am
thinking about the situation and trying to analyze it. I realized that it would
be an advantage to reach a climax because if not, I will receive extra
punishments and malus points. 
It is too late. The warden just starts to finish his job and is shooting quite
a large load into the deepest part of my vagina.
While he steps back, I receive a couple of slaps into my face, left and right,
&quot;Next time you will climax or I am going to work on you until you
do!&quot; the warden explained angriely. &quot;You will feel sorry about not
reaching an org two times&quot; the Lady explains in a very polite voice.
&quot;Suzee, you have not been successfull with your mouthwork. I told you to
give pleasure to this man and I am ot sure wether you really tried hard enough.
I am just in doubt, a little bit in doubt. Maybe you should have a another
chance, right?&quot; Suzee is still licking and blowing the first wardens penis
with her mouth, but he until now he did not come a second time after he has
filled me. &quot;Come on, let his penis alone. Try the other one.&quot; The Lady
orderd the other warden in front of Suzee to give him a blow-job. &quot;Maybe
it would be a good idea if you take advantage of her greasy back
entrance.&quot; The Lady sais to the first warden, who is happy that he is
allowed to go playing with the poor girl. Suzee justed started to scream, when
her mouth is filled with the wardens penis. Her eyes open wide when the other
warden starts to enter her anus. Within a short time of severe pressing against
her muscle, she is not a virgin in this back door any more. While the two wardens
have their workout with Suzee and Olga is still treated by her vibrator, the
Lady orderd the two girls to lower my feet and to releive me from the severe
bonds.
Being really glad to be released I thanked the Lady (yes, it is unbelievable!)
and reach out to hug around her neck and thank her again. She simply smiles a
it arrogantly and steps aside just to let me stumple and fall onto the ground.
Having lost control of arms and legs I am not able to stand or walk alone.
Letting me fall like a bag of potatoes she orderd the girls to cuff my arms on
my back and to pull me up, because: &quot;What the hell are you doing, Astrid?
You are not allowed to lay down or sit down or whatever you may think off,
without being orderd to do so! Did I tell you to lay down on the floor?&quot;
&quot;No, my Lady you did not.&quot; &quot;What do mean, 'no, you did not'? As
you hopefully know, I prefer sentences which are complete and reach a minimum
of grammatical standard. Would you please be so kind to try again!&quot; No, my
Lady you did not tell me to lay down.&quot; &quot;Are you sorry about it?&quot;
&quot;Yes, my LAdy I am sorry about it.&quot; &quot;Why did'nt you tell that
right the first time? Why do I have to ask for it?&quot; &quot;I am sorry, my
Lady, I do not know.&quot; &quot;What do you not know? That you feel sorry? Or
why you laid yourself down without permission?&quot; I really do not know what
to answer, everything is turning and tumbling in my head. I give up. Let her do
what she wants to do with me, I will close down my mind and try not think of
anything. Nothing!
The girls grapped my arms on my back and pulled me upwards, that movement
lifted my arms in my shoulders into the wrong direction and it feels like
breaking the bones out of the shoulders. Trying to reduce this pain I got up on
my knees, bending my body forward. The movement is going on until I am back on
my feet again. &quot;She may need a little bit of a refeshing, put the short
leg-iron-chain between her ankles and bring her to the whirl-pool.&quot; In no
time my legs are securely put into some sort of shakels connected with a short
steel chain, making it impossiple to do a normal step, only very short and tiny
steps are possible. Moving slowly to the whirl-pool I am quite happy (if it can
be called happy) to get into some water and to leave this area of pain, where
Suzee is still working and suffering with the two wardens. Olga is severely
concentrating on her vibrator.
The whirl-pool is a bassin of about 1m in diameter, made out of concrete
containing water which has not been renewed for decades. Supported by another
warden Kirsten and Kerstin fixed my leg-chain at a hook hanging down from a
whinch at the ceiling. Lifting my arms more an more I am forced to bend forward
more and more and finally I am laying again at the floor. The whnch starts and
lifts me up head down, legs up. The whinch moves over the water-bassin and
slowly starts to lower me to the water. The water is smelling old and seemed to
be used quite often. My hair is hanging down and already touched the water.
Without a word the warden lowers me into the water, head first. I am taking as
much air as I can breath and try to keep my mouth out of the water as long as
possible. &quot;We will give you a full clean of your body, take your
breath.&quot; the warden tells me just before my head moves under the
waterline. Slowly I am lowered into the water, to slow, much to slow I am not
half-way down into the water and the air is getting short, I need to breathe,
yes, right now only a couple of seconds left until I have to get air into my
lungs. My legs are still outside the water and I need to breathe now, just now.
In desperation I am opening my mouth getting it full of the dirty water and
struggling with the whole body. A hook is put on my handcuffs and my hands are
pulled up, this movement bends my spin backwards until my head is just outside
the waterline. &quot;You are not supposed to drink that water, Astrid.&quot;
the Lady explained, while I am coughing the water out of my lungs. &quot;A
little bit of training seems to be wise.&quot; We have time until noon, lift
her up and down and I want her completely cleaned at noon,ok?&quot;

&quot;Yes, my Lady&quot; another reply seems to be impossible. The warden and
the girls start to lift me up and lower me down into the water. Sometimes my
head is only down in the water for seconds and then pulled out again, so that I
can breath without difficulties but sometimes it is the opposite, leaving me
lowered until I cannot but open my mouth because of the lack of air. Short
lowerings are followed by long pulling out and otherwise. I never know what I
have to expect. The only way is to expect the worst everytime. Right now thy
have me put into the water up to my waist. Starting to fondle between my legs
something cold is sliding into my vagina, it feels metalic, like cold metal
dildo, but it has not the same shape of a dildo. It is a waterhose, normaly
used for gardening and watering flowers which is put inside me. The water is
starting to rinse and in a sudden it feels like having a firebrigade tool
inside. Ice-cold water is pressed into myself, spuring deep into me. I am
completely surprised by the water, the temperature and the preassure, so I
start to scream, being completely under water it is not a good idea to do so.
The dirty water is inhaled in a sudden, the lungs get water instead of air,
again I move my body in despearation tryng to get some air. The cold water is
still working inside my vagina. Finally the whinch starts to lift me up out of
the water and I can cough out the water again. Having gathered control again -
I there is any control of myself by me - Kirsten explains me that 'completely
cleaned' includes outside and inside my body and that the first part of my
inside cleaning is almost done. She also explains me without emotion that I
should be happy about the good cleaning i just received because it helps to
prevent pregnancy. Oh good god, that way of pregnancy-control seems to be a bit
out of time. 
'First part' What is she talking about? Is there a second part and maybe a
third one, or even more? What is about to go on? Immediatly after my thoughts I
learnde about the second part. The metall-tool is shoven into my anus and the
water starts to rinse into my belly. The good thing with this treatment is that
I am moved, still hanging at the hook on the whinch to a sink next to the pool,
so that the water which is now flooding out of me does not spoil the pool. How
decent! So, I got some sort of bath including a vaginal shower and an inside
cleaning, does that cover the 'complete cleaning'?
Being lowered beside the sink and the pool, the girls again pull me up at my
hands on my back. Having problems to stand upright, Kerstin quickly connects
one of the D-rings of my neck-collar with a hook at a pillor, so I have to
stand. It is simple, but it works. Being completely exhausted I try recognize
the feelings my body sends out.
Standing at the pilor the Lady approaches and the warden explains her
&quot;Kinda done for today, new girl always can't stand a real treatment,
right? The one here look good need more attention from a man, kind ofa arrogant
one, thinks to be upper class, right?&quot; His akzent sounds really primitive
even lower than lower class, very ordinary without school education or only
minimum school attendance. &quot;Shut up and leave thinking and decisions to
me!&quot; he receives a clear answer.
&quot;You really look a bit exhausted, my dear. It has been a hard time with
new and strange things and feelings to experience for you. YOu did not bad and
not extremely good, but above average. This is not really significant and may
change during your stay here on our beautiful island. You are going to experience
a lot of new and different things during your stay, it is absolutely normal to
have your ups and downs. As you see Suzee is just having kind of a
'down'-period. She will be down even more during her defloration session, but I
am shure, there will be better times as well for her.
How about you, Astrid? Would like to rest a bit before we leave the barn and
have look around the island and find a new treatment for you?&quot;
&quot;Yes, my Lady, please, that would be very nice.&quot;
&quot;Would you please be so kind to answer in a full sentence giving sense
without further explanations!&quot;
&quot;Yes, my Lady, I would like to stay here and rest for a while,
please.&quot;
&quot;You would like to rest before... a sentence please!&quot; her voice
started to get angry.
&quot;Yes, my Lady, I would like to stay here and rest for a while until we
look to find another treatment for me, please.&quot; What did I just say? I
asked her to find a new treatment for me after a short rest. How come, that I
am saying those silly things? In fact I was askeing for new treatment!
&quot;Fine, Astrid. We will check your point acount today and maybe we can
reduce the saldo during the night.&quot;
&quot;Yes, my Lady, thank you.&quot; I must be crazy, why am I saying 'thank
you'?
Suzee is now cleaning Olga's dildo and the other warden is taken advantage of
her back entrance. The third warden, who turned the crank of the whinch which
lowered and lifted me in and out of the pool is approaching Suzee and checking
his chance of getting some pleasure as well. Olga is totally exhausted and
hanging in her chains without any control of her body.
Kirsten is starting to comb my hair out of my face, not doing it neatly, just
to have them away from my face. Meanwhile Kerstin fixes a steel-device at my
elbows on my back. Slowly but steadily she turns a small crank at the device
and my elbows are pushed together more and more. My shoulders are automaticly
pulled backwards as much as my elbows are pushed together. Because of that my
breast are pressed forward prominently or ordinary, a little like a whore. I
started to scream because Kerstin is about to break my bones. &quot;A little
more preasure has to be, Astrid.&quot; she explained, allowing me a small rest
before she start to turn the crank again. &quot;Please, stop, you are breaking
my arms!&quot; &quot;If this is going to break your arms, it would be better to
do it now than any time later. Now you have really a lot of time get healthy
again after breaking the bones.&quot; the Lady exeplains in her cruel and
polite way.

Finishing her job, my elbows are only a little bit apart, my shoulders pulled
back and my breasts pressed forward. I tried to make it a bit easier bow
forward. Not for a long time, Kirsten lifted my head up and explained that I
have to stand upright until otherwise ordered. &quot;And you are better off,
doing so.&quot; she added in a silent voice.
&quot;Astrid, you about to see how normal live looks alike on our beautiful
island. Just be so kind and wait a moment, I will be right with to go on a walk
with you.&quot; Yes, I shall wait until the Lady is ready to go for a walk with
me.
Standing in the barn I start to sort out what has happend and what is about to
happen. First I remember the attacks of my womanhood, first the huge dildo
forcing me into an unallowed orgasm, second the two wardens who used me right
after the dildo has done its job. The wardens have not been successful. If my
memory does not play tricks on me, they did not make me climax, even as it was
allowed. Did I feel her penises inside me? I did not! Just one of them has been
quite a long one and touch me hard at wrong spot. Nothing else. They did
ejaculate, they both did, but no feelings what so ever occured to my mind. Did
I break their power, or did they break me, already? Is it normal to climax
after having been treated like I was treated? 
The Lady approaches and stops me thinking about what happend. Presence has
catched me again. She humms a song and starts to sing &quot;Let's go for
another walk, da da da.&quot; She seems to be in good mood. The door is opend
and it is incredible bright outside, sun is standing high in the air, it must
be around noon. &quot;What time is it? Is it noon?&quot; I asked. &quot;Yes, it
is couple of minutes after 12.&quot; &quot;So I have been in this barn for a
bit more than 24 hours, is that right?&quot; They all starts to laugh, the
Lady, Kirsten and Kerstin. &quot;Tell her, Kirsten, I cannot talk I need to
laugh.&quot; the Lady orderd. &quot;You have been in the barn for a little bit
more than&quot; pausing with a smile, she waited. &quot;48 hours&quot; I
estimated &quot;It must have been 48 hours, stupid me, how could I stand all
the terrible thing within only 24 hours.&quot; I thought and Kirsten continued
&quot;a bit more than 3 hours, my dear Astrid.&quot; Shocked like receiving an
unexepected slap on my head I stood still without saying anything. &quot;Yes
time is slow on the island. I have told you that we have a lot of time to do
all the training and education you need to have. Imagine the three hours today
seem to be more than a day. That is because you are not used to our special way
of treatment. If you ever get used to it, we will go ahead one step and you
will receive the next degree of treatment and so on. yoU will always have the
impression that time is moving slowly. If not, please let me know and I will do
my best to give the right feelings to you.&quot; 
It took only three hours to bring me to my limits and beyond. Three hours and I
have to stay for three years. 
&quot;Come on girls&quot; the Lady calls in a happy voice &quot;let us have a
look how Christine is doing right over there.&quot; Between two pillors
Christine is securely fixed with her arms high above her head and her feet
pulled apart shoulderwide. Her long hair is fixed on the top end of the pillor
on her right side to keep it out of the way. Approaching her slowly because I
am not able to walk in normal speed I can see what is being done to her: Her
waist is put in extreme small corsett. The corsett seems to be much to small
for her waist and the lower bones of her chest need a severy preassure to force
the inside more and more. Her breast are already pushed upward and pressed
forward. She looks a little bit like one of these girls in the cartoons, tight
waist and huge breasts. But this is not a cartoon-girl, she is real, she is put
into an extreme corsage like the Lady commanded earlier that day. One of
wardens start to give her commands in how to breath and keep her waist as small
as possible.

&quot;Please, Sir, don't lace that corsett any tighter, I cannot breathe any
more, please it is impossible tight. You are going to break my lower rips,
please stop it, please!&quot;
&quot;Listen, Christine, you are supposed to be laced in that extreme way. It
is not my decision and it is not your decision, and it is not up to you and me
to make any changes in that plan. BTW, just to let you know, there are three
different corsetts in the &quot;extreme line&quot;, this one which you are
about to wear after I have finished to lace the last remaining inch is just the
first one in this line. The second one is quite a bit tighter than this one and
the third, you can imagine, is the real tight one. It never happend that a girl
was not put into a tightly laced second corsage and we always tried to lace the
girl in the third one. This, I must admit did came to a success every time, but
we tried as hard as we could. So we will today and the next weeks, be shure,
Christine.&quot; the explains Christine who becomes even more desparate.
The Lady steps closely in front of Christine lifting Christines head with her
left hand, slapping her with the right one into the face &quot;Listen,
Christine, the last months will be the most effective for you here on our
island. You will receive the surgery as I told you, you be laced into the
extreme version of our corsage selection and you will encrease your capability
of obeying in a way you have never imagined. Your husband will be more than
surprised to meet you again with your beautiful waist and your impressive
breasts because of the pushup and push-in-front cloths you will be wearing. He
will also become very happy by realizing what kind of services you are eagerly
willing to do, all services a man dreams of to receive but normaly never gets.
You will do that for your husband and of course for his friends, collegues,
business-partners and so on, if he so wish, it will be normal for you to
comply. Maybe you will be some sort of brain-washed. Come on give her some more
pulling at the laces to tighten her waist and do not forget to check her
vagina. From the second corsage on she needs to wear a dildo all the time while
corsetted and that will be 24 hours a day.&quot; Tears are running down
Christine's cheeks and she realizes that it is her fate to be treated like that
by the wardens and the Lady. &quot;If you can weap, you seem to have enough
water left. Let her dry out a bit until this evening, maybe the corsage will
fit better after she has lost some water.&quot; The Lady commanded.
Some 50 meter away but hardly to see because the sun is shining so bright,
another two pillor are mounted and a girl, young lady or woman is fixed to
them. The girl has long, darkblond hair, a large but nice mouth and probably a
nice face. Her face is hardly to see because of the hair, hanging down in front
of her face. She bends forward, her feet shoulderwide apart like CHristine, her
knees are little bit bend as well. The Lady cried at her immediatly
&quot;Straighten your legs, Beatrice!&quot; Swash ! A severe and hard stroke is
given onto Beatrice's tights, right on the front side. &quot;Uaaaaaaaargh&quot;
she cries out in pain. &quot;Shut up and straighten your legs!&quot; Another
stroke on the backside of her tights and Beatrice straightens her legs. No I
can see her problem: Her arms are securely put into a metall-restraint on her
back, like a spreader-bar. The metall bar is pulled slightly upward, fixed to
the top of the pillors. This constructions lifts her hands and arms upward on
her back. To prevent the pain in her shoulders, Beatrice bends forward to
optimize the position and to have as less pain as possible. Bending her knees a
little bit gives her also some eas in her cruel position. The Lady explains
&quot;Beatrice is selected to become pregnant. She is choosen because of
several reasons, her age, her constitution, her hips, her genetical code, her
hormons and so on. She is not perfect but one of the best choices we can have.
There is only one slight problem, she does not agree to take part in our
pregnancy programm. The time of her pregnancy will count for the time on the
island as 50% and all advantages of a pregnant lady will also be granted. She
still does not accept our offer. What we do here is to check wether it his her
deep and inner thought to refuse the pregnancy or not. You see we do almost
everything for the sake of the girls her on our beautiful island. If Beatrice
decides not to become pregnant at the end of this testing-period, we will of
course accept her decision and find something else for her.&quot;

Beatrice tries to keep her legs straight to look straight ahead and to avoid
looking directly into the sun. Impossible. &quot;You haven't made your mind up
now, I guess.&quot; &quot;I accept your idea, I accept to be made pregnat as
you wish, but please relieve me, I cannot stand it anymore and I am thirsty,
terrible thirsty.&quot; &quot;Listen, Beatrice, I am not really convinced that
it is your real and personal deep inner wish to become pregnant. It is
important for me that you make your decision because you are deeply convinced
and there has to be not even the slightest thaught of being not shure. You have
to happy to become pregnant, remember you are about to give a new live on the
earth. This is not a decision made in a hurry.&quot; &quot;Please, my Lady I am
so thirsty, may I have something to drink, please.&quot; &quot;Hey, warden let
me have one of these waterbottles, make it a large one, come on hurry up.&quot;
A warden brings a large bottle of water, which seems to be really cold and
refreshing. &quot;Here we are poor girl. Look how cold it is.&quot; the Lady
says while she pressed the icecold bottle between Beatrice's legs. &quot;Do you
like that?&quot; &quot;Yes, my Lady, please.&quot; &quot;Please? Please what,
Beatrice?&quot; &quot;Please let my have some water.&quot; &quot;Did you adress
me properly, Beatrice?&quot; No, my Lady I am sorry.&quot; Sorry, about what,
Beatrice?&quot; &quot;I am sorry that I haven't adressed you properly&quot;
&quot;Whom are you talking to, Beatrice?&quot; I am talking to you, my
Lady.&quot; &quot;Why didn't you mention that, Beatrice?&quot; I am sorry, my
Lady.&quot; &quot;You seem to be a little confused, Beatrice. I cannot accept a
decision like becoming pregnant from a girl which is not able to a single
correct sentence. Do you like some water now, Beatrice.&quot; &quot;Yes,
please, my Lady.&quot; &quot;Please, what?, Beatrice.&quot; &quot;Water,
water...&quot; &quot;...is poured out in the sand&quot; the Lady says opens the
bottle and all the water is poured into the sand right before Beatrice's feet.
SHe starts to weep and scream in complete desparation. &quot;Kirsten, Kerstin
pull her arms up a bit she needs more support to stand still and think over my
proposal.&quot; The two girls begin to turn the crank at the pillors and
Beatrice's arms are slowly lifted upward on her back. Begging for mercy in
severe pain Beatrice is starting to scream and to wiggle around as much as
possible. &quot;Go on girls, two more notches for your friend.&quot; The
position Beatrice is in now, is lot more painful and really hard to stand.
&quot;We will talk about your future later on. Maybe I cannot make it today, so
please be patient and remain here, don't leave the pillors until we have
talked. Promised?&quot; &quot;yes, my Lady&quot; &quot;Yes, what?
Beatrice.&quot; &quot;I promise my Lady.&quot; &quot;You promise what, Beatrice?&quot;
&quot;I promise to stay here.&quot; &quot;for not adressinf me in any way, you
will receive a nice reminder. Kerstin, Kirsten, a medium weight on each of her
nipples.&quot; &quot;Noooooooooo, you can't do. You can't&quot; &quot;Oh, just
let me try if I can do, we will see.&quot; The girls ar putting sharp clamps
with small chains on the girls nipples. Weights are atteached to the chains and
Beatrice's breast are pulled downward. Every move she is doing from now on is
transfered to the weight and the weight will continue to move back and forth,
left and right.
How can somebody be forced to a pregnancy? Is her husband or boyfriend on the
island or is done an artificial way? Why didn't she talked this over with her
partner? What is his idea? It is not the nicest place to be pregnant, here in this
institute of correction but it is still better than being bound and tortured. I
do not see the reason for her resistance.
A voice is slowly coming near us.
&quot;One, two, one, two, one, why can't you walk in-step? Is it that difficult
to move one leg before the other in the same speed and time like the other do?
Do you have any malfunction or what is the reason for walking like a handycaped
one?&quot;

&quot;We will get quite a lot of rain and a nice thunderstorm tonight, so you
will get more than enough water during nighttime. The problem will be that you
cannot get the rainwater into your mouth because of that position you are in.
You should try to get as much water as you can through your skin. I remember
that is called osmosis, right? We will meet tomorrow if you decide to stay and
we will continue our talking. Please keep in mind that the rain will cause a
high humidity of almost 100% for tomorrow, so do not do to much walking, hiking
and running, otherwise you may start to sweat.&quot;
She is not cruel, she is more than cruel, she is evil and even more that. How
can a girl, young woman or lady good looking like her be so terrible? She has a
very good figure, a nice face, she is very attractive. She can be imagined as
the young woman of a successful young manager living in a sunny suburb, playing
with her young boy-child, playing tennis every morning while the boy is in the
kindergarden, playing golf on weekends with her husband and his
businessfriends, but she works on this terrible island as a terrible cruel
lady.
A group of women in different age approached with several wardens around them.
A lady, some years older than the already known lady is driving in front of the
'brigabde' in a sort of a golf-car.
&quot;Hello, Regina&quot; she greeted 'our' lady. Now I know the name of the
lady, will it be alowwed to use the name from now on? 'Regina' seems to be the
right name for her: the latin word for 'queen&quot;, yes, she acts like a
queen, more than a queen.
&quot;Hello, Ilsa, how are you doing today? Everything's fine with you?&quot;
&quot;Yes, about average, nothing special today. How about you? How are your
new inmates doing, or what are you doing to our new inmates?&quot; she laughed
about her own joke.
&quot;Who is that girl over in the pillors?&quot; &quot;It's Christine, I
sentenced her to severe corsage and intimate surgery. She needs a more strict
treatment. She did not realize that one of the new girls is still a virgin.
Incredible! Imagine, we were just about to fill her vagina with a dildo, when I
noticed that something was wrong and finally I realized that she is a virgin.
It is the small girl with short hair, her name is Suzee. I asked Christine and
she explained that this test is never made, because the girls arriving her are
normaly already used. I cannot accept this position in no way. She needs
treatment for that, a remarkable treatment.&quot; &quot;Her husband will be
happy about this news. What did you do with our new girls?&quot; &quot;They got
the first part of the intro this morning. Suzee and Olga are still in the barn
and this is Astrid, the third new inmate. I am thinking of giving her my
personal treatment. I will decide until the end of week.&quot; &quot;She
received the intro as well today?&quot; &quot;Yes, Ilsa, from early in the
morning until now.&quot; &quot;She is able to walk by herself after the intro?
I already told you to be more strict with the girls, exspecially with the new
ones. A soft treatment in the beginning can hardly ever recaptured later on!
Please, remember, the intro is a very very important part of the girls stay
here on the island. We have to be aware, that we are dealing with real human
beings, we control an important period of their live. Because of that we have
to provide the best and most severe treatment ever possible. After a soft intro
the girl does not really know what will happen to her in the next months or
years and she should know. So please I would like never to see a girl after her
intro being able to walk alone by herself, never!&quot;
'Soft intro'? what is she talking about? the torture during the last horrible
hours? She calls it a soft intro what happend in the barn? Not knowing what
will happen during the next years? Does she mean it become even worse than this
morning??

Ilsa is a blond one in her thirties, hair slightly curled just almost to her
shoulders, slim figure, wearing black trousers made of some thin shiny
material, an over-the-bust corsage made out of something looking like white
leather. She also is wearing a perfect masquera and her hair is done in a
proper and coordinated way of slightly undone. It is really difficult to make
someones hair to look perfectly unperfect. There is some sort of charisma
around Ilsa, even more than around Regina, the &quot;Queen&quot;.
About 12 or 15 girls and women aproached in that brigade. Some wardens are
shouting and yelling showing that they are angry and not satisfied. Most likely
they play some sort of a theatre in front of Ilsa and Regina. Two women are
called out of the brigade to stay in front. Their names are Ellen and Gundula,
both in her early thirties, a bit younger than Ilsa, maybe. Now I can see what
their &quot;dress&quot; consists of: a pair of terrible high heeled ankleboots,
a chain between the ankles to limit the size of every step, but long enough to
make walking posible, a harness around their waist, like a waistbelt and an
underbust-belt to press the breast up, a collar around the neck leaves enough
space to move the head. A leather strap is fixed in front of the waistbelt,
going between the legs to rear part of the waistbelt and pulled very tight.
Ellen has beautiful shiny white tees, her masquera is perfect, maybe a little
to nice and to perfect, her hair as well seems to be perfect, dark blond
shoulder length.
Gundula is wearing the same outfit, she is smaller than Ellen, really blond,
wearing a nice hairdo with her almost shoulderlong hair. 
Suddenly I realize that both girls or women are really well known! They happend
to be working for the TV reading the news on a regular basis. Yes, it may be
that they did not occur on TV since several month. They cannot be on TV as long
as they are here on this island. Yes, the names are correct, these women have
been TV-speakers! Incredible! 
Now they are standing in front of the brigade and ordered to an unpleasant
position: They are told to go down like doing alpine-downhill-skiing. The upper
legs parallel to the ground, which is quite strengous to stand for more than 30
seconds. They are to told to put their away in front and to keep their head
straight. Two wardens are slwowly strolling around the two women, correcting
the position permanently. Lifting he head a bit up, pulling shoulders back,
asking questions like &quot;Are you going to walk in-step from now on?&quot;
&quot;Yes, Sir&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir? what?&quot; The same 'funny game' Lady
Regina did play. Ellen and Gundula are shiwering all over their bodies, sweat
is poring out of every inch of their skin. Finally they are allowed to step
back into the line of the brigade.
During that treatment Lady Ilsa is checking the harnesses of the other girls,
pulling them more tight sometimes. she never loosend it a bit, never.
A young girl, about twenty is of Ilsa's special interest. Somethings seems to
be wrong with her belt between her legs. Ilsa calls the warden in charge.

The girls blond hair seems to be not very shiny and bright. The hair falls down
over her shoulders and two very small braids are somewhere in the middle but
not symectric in any way. Her masquera is almost not present except some
lipp-gloss. Her body is very slim with very, very small breasts, almost no real
breasts, she does'nt even needs a cup A bra. Just a little bit uneven in the
chest-area. The slim body looks a little bit boyish, but all in all she is
propably a pretty girl.
&quot;Isn't she the one who is sentenced to a breast enlargement?&quot; Ilsa
asked. &quot;Yes, my gracious Mistress, you honored me with the sentence of a
breast enlargement.&quot; I cannot believe that! The answer of the girl is
extremely devot and she bowed her knees like it is done in front of the Queen
in the UK. She must have experiencend severe training to be like that or it has
to be part of her character. &quot;Your name?&quot; Ilsa asks in a harsh voice.
&quot;My gracious Mistress, I am called 'Rhea'.&quot; Jesus, this girl is
incredible.
&quot;What type of plugs are used with Rhea?&quot; Ilsa asks the warden.
&quot;Ehm, there is no plug used with Rhea today. We have planned to use her
tonight for our pleasure and we dod not want to have her worn out from the
beginning. She will after we are finished with her in the early morning, but it
is more pleasure to have her tight in the beginning.&quot; &quot;Yes, I see
your point. I guess you have made a good choice. Rhea wasn't used for quite a
time and she will be happy to please you, right my dear?&quot; Ilsa is as cruel
as Regina. Her voice sounds so polite and friendly while talking like that.
Rhea does not answer the question, simply saying nothing, closing her eyes, she
makes Ilsa angry like hell from second to the other. &quot;Do you like to give
the men the pleasure they deserve?&quot; Ilsa's voice changes. &quot;No, my
graciuos Mistress, it is going to be like hell for me.&quot; &quot;You do not
even know how it is near hell, but you will learn my dear and you will enter
hell, just wait and see!&quot;
Ilsa ordered &quot;First, she has to take the long feather-like plug for the
rest of the day. It will tickle her inside, remind her of what is coming up
tonight and driving her mad for the next hours. Second, her understrap has to
pulled tighter one notch. Third, her arms needs some more restraint.&quot; The
ankles of the girls are connected by chains and the wrists are connectect in
the same way, the chain running from one wrist to the other in front of the
girl. &quot;Hand me one of the elbow-grips&quot; Ilsa commands one of the
wardens. Quickly he produces a special sort of handcuffs which can be fixed to
the elbows on the back of a girl. She is fixing it in a hurry, slowly pulling
it tight. This pulls Rhea's elbows together on her back. To make it bearable
Rhea lifts her hands to her belly moving both hands to the side as much as the
chain allows. Ilsa pulls the elbows togehter more and more, Rhea is moaning
because of the pain in her arms and shoulders. &quot;You girl need to take the shoulders
a bit more back to present what you call 'breasts'.&quot; Rheas moaning becomes
louder and louder and finally her elbow touches on her back. Knowing how
painful this I feel pity for the girl. Having her arms pulled back so terrible
Rhea lets her head down but this is not what Ilsa expects. &quot;Lift your
head, like a real proud girl. Close your eyes as much as possible like a real
devot girl. Lower your look as it was trained. I shall help you to keep your
head in the correct position.&quot; To the warden: &quot;Let me have a
nose-hook with a leather-strap.&quot; The wardens start to go for the desired
equipment. &quot;How about your private area? Is the feather already doing its
work?&quot; &quot;No, my Lady not until I start to walk.&quot; &quot;Okay, so
you will start to walk on the spot! Lift your knees up high, like doing a
parade! Come on, countdown starts: 3 - 2 - 1 GO!&quot; Rhea starts to walk or
march on the spot immediatly.


 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 

 


3/28/2004 10:26:41 AM

Astrid

&nbsp;

The warden returns from the 'tool-box'
handing one of these terrible nose-hooks to Mistress Ilsa. &quot;These
nose-hooks are quite well known and often used for bondage in Japan.&quot; she
explains. Rhea is still walking on the spot, tears running down her cheeks
&quot;Please, gracious Mistress, please no nose-hook. I don not think that I
can it.&quot; Rhea has her arms pulled back by the elbows so severely that her
hands and wrists are pulled to the left and right side of her waist and she is
not able to move them a centimeter forth and back and left and right.
&quot;Shut up, Rhea, you will stand the nose-hook. I tell you one thing: YOu
have to stand, there is no other way for you, there is no decision. It will not
be hard for you, it will be far more than hard! And just when you are finished
with your training today and mealtime is about to come, you will be going to
start your second part of the day: Your service will be starting and I am quite
sure that our wardens know how to take advantage of a girl like you.&quot;
&quot;Please, my gracious Mistress you cannot let me walk bound like that with
a nose-hook attached all the day and than let the wardens do have fun with
me.&quot; &quot;SO, you think I cannot? Let us try, I am sure I can and I shall
prove it. How about the feather? Did I tell to stop? Go on&quot; Rhea stopped
to walk on the spot for a moment but Ilsa is not accepting any rest. With her
short whip she motivated Rhea to start walking again.
&quot;By the way, Rhea I am not satisfied with your hairdo, completely
unsatisfied. I am not going to accept a hairdo like yours anymore. You will
have your ahir done tomorrow nice and neatly combend, washed and everything.
You will receive the request for your hairdo in time so can make it accordingly
tomorrow morning.&quot;
&quot;Mistress Ilsa,&quot; one of the wardens says &quot;we, ehm, we have
planned to use Rhea in a sort of intensive way, I mean, she will have to, you
know there are several wardens and two of us a celebrating their birthday, and
the idea was that we ehm, the wardens having a holiday tomorrow planned, I mean
some of us wanted to use Rhea until early morning, I mean...&quot; &quot;So
what? Where is the problem? You should be finished with her by five o'clock in
the morning, that is enough time for her to have her hair done until six
o'clock when the morning appell beginns. I guess that she got enough form you
guys, that a breakfast is not really neccessary. I also think you keep her busy
and that you keep the night interesting for her, so she will be not tired and
happy to wear the waistbelt and the understrap with two large dildos plugged
in.&quot; &quot;My gracious Mistress, why are you trying to kill me, I cannot
survive a treatment like that.&quot; &quot;You cannot? I am sure you can, you
will hate it, you will hate me and all other people around her but there is one
thing I wait for: You will accept everything, you will sign every contract,
everything. And there is a second point: I want to see you down and out like
that and it will be my pleasure to see you, the most arrogant girl around here
small as a fly, having lost the last bit of arrogance, the last minimum of
proudness, everything, absolutely everything. Stop walking!&quot;
The Mistress seems to hate Rhea for some reason. She puts the nose-hook into
Rheas nostrils and pulls her head back by the leather-strap going over her head
to elbows.

She pulls just as far so that Rhea is forced to keep her head in an upright
position. Rhea seems to be happy that her head is not pulled back as far a
technical possible. Her situtation already is kind of inbearable. Tears are
running down her cheeks. The tears does not ruin Rhea's masquera because she
does not any at her eyes, only lipp-gloss as already mentionend. It seems to be
impossible to stand this kind of bondage dor the rest of the day, doing some
exercises and marching in high-heels through white sand. The fact that no
eyliner is washed away with Rhea's tears draws Ilsa's attention. &quot;You did
not use any masquera today, right? Why the hell didn't you make yourself up
like you should? Do you still think you are something special? If your brain is
unable to learn your body will! And you will regret it, you will more than
regret, believe me!&quot; Ilsa shouts, completely angry. &quot;Tomorrow morning
You will be in time for the appell, you will have your hair done properly and
nicely, you will have your masquera done in more than a proper style: You will
present yourself in an absolute perfect way! YOu got the message? right?&quot;
&quot;Yes, gracious Mistress, but how can I look perfect after what is planned
for the night? It is impossible.&quot; &quot;Impossible? Nothing is impossible!
You have to learn to give your best and giving your best is more than trying to
do best. It really means to deliver the best! It does not count that you tried
to do the best, simple the result, the best result counts.&quot; &quot;Yes, my
gracious Mistress, you are right.&quot; &quot;I know that. Back in your
position, in the row.&quot; Ilsa commands Rhea back in her row of the training
brigade. She stands next to Ellen who got some problems with her legs because
of the downhill-skiing position. The problem is that once you have received a
penalty you have a good chance to run into problems again that day. The penalty
makes you tired like the short extra training for Ellen and Gundula or it
causes permanent problems whatever you are told to do. Rhea is in this second
situation. Her chance of receiving more penalties and special treatments during
the rest of the day is quite good. Just a short sprint of 100 yards will most
likely see her being last and the last is about to receive some kind of penalty
or extra treatment. Even if no penalty and no treatment is sentenced just the
fact that the recreation time is the shortest will cause ongoing problems.
Rhea looks very much concentrated on walking in step and keeping head, arms and
hands calm, not changing anything and keeping everything in balance of minimum
pain. 
From the barn Suzee is brought along by two wardens who kept her harshly at her
tied arms. &quot;There is only one area where she may be called a virgin. We
organized ...&quot; &quot;Shut up!&quot; Ilsa commands the warden &quot;I can
see by myself what has been done to Suzee.&quot; She is not really right,
because Suzee was obviously cleaned the same ways I was washed. At least almost
the same ways, there sure was a slite difference. Suzee's short hair seem to be
an advantage, it as almost dry and she seems to have her hair done, not really
ok, but better than my long hair. &quot;Ilsa, how about the idea to put Suzee
and Christine in one of our nice and tiny 'rooms' together? YOu know, I mean
the really small ones, so that they can make friends before they have their
'celebration day' together?&quot; Regina starts to explain her cruel idea and
plans for Suzee and Christine. Being forced to listen it almost turns my stomach!
These women are not human any more!
Ilsa is really happy with Regina's plans and Suzee is brought away in her small
cell. I wonder how small this cell really is, but I surely have a great chance
to experience it sometime.

The brigade is still lined up and standing in attention. Having time to look at
the girls and women of different age, different colour of skin, with long and
short hair, even bold shaved women can be seen. All wearing this harness and
the high-heeled ankle-boots. One of the women is about secnd half of her
thirties or even already in her early forties. Being not on the slim-side quite
a belly is put into the harness, not that she has to be called fat, just not
really slim and looking like being a mother of several children, living with
children and husband in a suburb-area, going twice a week half to work in the
bank she used to work twenty years ago before she married and got pregnant. Her
hair is obviously coloured, it is dark black and very, very short. Just at the
skin of her head it is claerly visisble that her hair is normally auburn, so it
is really coloured and needs recolouring.
Ilsa is calling for her to come here. &quot;Marina, come here, subito!&quot;
The italian 'subito' sounds ridiculous in this environment. Marina is
approaching and stands in attention two steps away from Ilsa and Regina.
&quot;How is your diat doing, Marina?&quot; &quot;My gracious Mistress, thank
you for asking, I am quite satisfied with the result so far.&quot; &quot;Quite
satisfied, so, so. I do not care about you being satisfied. It is important
that I am satisfied, and I am not!&quot; &quot;You are still fat and I hate fat
women. Do you know what happens to women which I hate?&quot; &quot;No, my
gracious Mistress, I do not know that. I am sorry.&quot; &quot;You will learn,
you will learn exactly what I am talking about and you will feel really sorry,
believe me, Marina.&quot; &quot;Now let us have at your hair. There has been
one thing which I asked you to do properly every time, as I allowed you to have
your hair cut short.&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious Mistress, I am supposed to
have my hair cloured black constantly.&quot; &quot;Right, and now I can see,
clearly see, the origin colour of your hair. At least two millimeter! Do you
call this obedient?&quot; &quot;My Gracious Mistress, I am , ehm, I did not, I
mean I, it was impossible...&quot; Smaack! &quot;Shut up!&quot; Ilsa gives her
a severe slap in her face. &quot;I am really gracious, so you have the choice
between first shaving your head bold or second return to long hair again. What
is your choice, right now?&quot; &quot;My gracious Mistress, I ehm, yes I would
prefer to have long hair again.&quot; &quot;Okay, if this is your wish you may
do so. Tomorrow morning I will check your hair and you will have long dark
black hair way down your shoulders.&quot; &quot;My geacious Mistress, how, how,
this is impossible you know, by tomorrow my hair such a lenght...&quot;
&quot;There is a modern technic of putting and glooing hair together, you
should try this. Otherwise, I shall make a new decision tomorrow morning.&quot;
&quot;I do not have enough money to pay for that new hair, it is really
expensive.&quot; &quot;You have to offer good services, maybe you need to sign
a service-contract and ask for payment in advance, or you have to ask for
credit. There a several ways to solve the problem. By the way, how old are
you?&quot; &quot;I am 38, my gracious Mistress.&quot; &quot;Children?&quot;
&quot;Yes, my gracious Mistress three children.&quot; &quot;Who managed to have
you trained here?&quot; &quot;My husband&quot; Ilsa and Regina laughed. Regina
said in a laughing voice &quot;38 years, 3 children, fat like a pig and needs
to learn how to behave and how to provide basic services for her husband! What
did you do in your life? Feeding children by yourself, bring them into the
kindergarden and provide a ride back in the afternoon, do the cooking for the
family? Spread your legs on friday evening to let your husband do what he needs
to do!&quot; Marina starts to wheep, tears running down her cheeks. Ilsa
stopped the conversation sending Marina back in to the line &quot;OK, agreed,
long hair by tomorrow, or you will learn what else is in stock for you.&quot;
&quot;You can go on with that brigade. I shall meet afterwards.&quot; Ilsa
shouts to the wardens.

How can she order to have long hair from one day the other? That is just
impossible! Ok, there is something like hair-weaving and something with laser
and putting new hair to the existing ones, but to command it until yesterday, no!
&quot;So, Regina, Suzee is on her way to the cell. Christine will be ready in
an hour or two and join her. It is going to be a very close session for the two
girls. What are your plans for Astrid?&quot; &quot;Astrid? I will take personal
care for her training and education. It might be that she has the capacity of
becoming quite valuable. She is not too young, her figure is ok with the
potenial of improvement. The long and strong hair leaves every option open. She
seems to be healthy and sportive, so some physical training, as you like to
call it what we tell them to do, will most likely do no real harm to her. At
least no inreversable harm. If I may suggest, I would optimize her body a bit:
the waist should become a bit more tight, to be honest as tight as possible! Her
breasts should put into consideration a little bit later after we have reached
an improvement at her waist and can check the relation of her breasts to her
tight waist. Maybe she will need some kind of enlargement, maybe more or less,
we should consider it by time. Her feet, I mean her ankles need training to get
used to wear all kind of heels. You know I like the ballerina-heels very much
and I suggest to have her ankles trained from the first day and as rigid as
possible. She also should be aware from today on, that she has to care for her
looks, hair, masquera, shaving and so on.&quot;
&quot;Sounds a bit like school for young models, right?&quot; &quot;Oh no, sure
not, Astrid will realize from the beginning that it is not like a girls camp
and not a lesson like 'How to become a successful model', be sure, Ilsa, I know
what I am doing and I know how to do it. Astrid will soon learn that I am
right.&quot; &quot;I am just joking, Regina. But, you should not forget that
there are not only females living on the earth! Astrid needs to learn to handle
males as well, please don't be selfish, ok? How about sending Astrid to my
husband for a day or two? Carmelita has not a single day off during the last
four month and her job is really not an easy one. After two days and nights
with my husband, Astrid will know what men may alike.&quot; &quot;Sounds nice,
Ilsa. As soon as Astrids waist is in proper shape I will tell you and we can
give Carmelita a break. What is your idea with Rhea? You seem to be very strict
to her, any special reason for that? She will never be able to have her hair
done by tomorrow morning and to stand the whole day's exercise. I guess you
know that.&quot; &quot;Sure! She is still to proud! Have you seen her eyes?
Full of proudness and hate, she still believes that she can withstand our
training without becoming broken, but I will break her into pieces. I will have
her lying in the dirt in front of me begging me to do what I want to do with
her. I want her breast larger, first by giving her the hormonal-treatment and
if neccessary by surgery. You that she is missing one hormon, a wellknown
malfunction of girls. It can be corrected by the anti-pregnancy-hormon, which
will work just the other way for Rhea: She is not having a mens right know, the
hormons will produce the mens and the female body and they will bring the girl
in danger of becoming pregnant. Sounds funny? It is true! I know what I am
talking about. She will not be able to stand in attention during the appell as
far as I presume. She will not be able to do any exercises, nothing. How about
Kerstin and Kirsten supporting her left and right pulling Rhea from one
exercise to the next? Seems to be hard and humiliating for Rhea?&quot;
&quot;I planned to use the girls to teach some of the new stuff to Astrid, but
I like your idea, we will do that.&quot;

Ilsa takes a seat in the electro-mobile &quot;Would you please be so kind to
give me a ride to my place.&quot; Ilsa asked while Regina is ordering Kerstin
and Kirsten to Christine and her wardens to help them and to bring Christine
into her new cell to Suzee afterwards. &quot;Sure!&quot; she answers
&quot;Astrid can walk. I shall fix her at the backend of the mobile.&quot;
Without talking to me she pulls me over to backside of the mobile, taking a
leather strap and fixing me at a ring on the mobile. The strap is about 1.5m so
I have to stand right behind the mobile. Stand? Not for long the mobile starts
to move and I am forced to start walking through the deep sand. This is quite
difficult especially in the way I am limited in my movements. &quot;You better
take not to fallit may become unpleasent to become pulled behind the mobile all
the way and it is quite a way. For you, not for us!&quot; They both laughed and
the mobile speeds up slowly. I am desparately trying to keep track and not to
stumble adn not to fall. Regina is driving across the island to Ilsa's house.
On our way we meet the brigade again. Rhea looks terrible exhausted and sweat
is pooring out of her skin everywhere. All others in the brigade are also
exhausted. &quot;We have just made a short sprint to keep the girls active and
let them stay awake.&quot; Gundula is lying face down arms and legs spread in
X-shape in front of the brigade. Her face is pressed into the sand. A warden
beside her commands &quot;stand!&quot; and immediatly Gundula is leaving her
position, now standing right before the warden. &quot;In attention!&quot; he
commands and immediatly Gundula stands in attention. Her face and the front of
her body is covered with sand mixed with the sweat on her skin. She obiously
tries to stand in a correct and not to fail in any way, concentrating on every
muscle of her body. &quot;Down!&quot; the next commands comes suddenly. Gundula
lay down in one movement pressinf her body and her face down into the sand.
&quot;I think you migt have been a bit faster earlier.&quot; &quot;So again:
stand in attention!&quot; The combined command makes Gundula to jump up and
stand in attention in almost no time. &quot;There is not flexibility and
homogenity in your movement! There is no improvement, you are getting slower
and slower instead of faster.&quot; Her hair is looking wet because of the
sweat, her masquera is running down her face. She is completely exhausted. Ilsa
steps over to her, inspects her &quot;You should have a look at yourself. You
are nothing, a weaping, sweating, shivering, exhausted creature. Your hair is
not done properly, your masquera is a catastrophe, your eyes signal fear. But
wait until you are allowed to be a member of my personal brigade! You will call
the time in this brigade a recriation and holiday brigade. I shall bring you to
the point you are supposed to be. Be sure!&quot; Ilsa turns leaving Gundula
alone. Seating again in the mobile, Regina starts to drive away. Me walking
behind the mobile without any chance.

Rhea, still in line of the brigade looks totaly uninterested and seems to
conscentrate on her own problems. Actualy she does not look very good, it
surely is going to be a hard day before her hard night will start. I feel pity
for her. Do I really? I am in about the same position! Ok, she is treated very
hard, ehm how about me? Am I treated polite?
The mobile is getting faster and I have to care following it's speed. It is
difficult to do that in that soft and deep sand. The bondage I am in makes it
not easier as well. The sun seems to have reached the summit and is burning
like hell. It seems that everything is about to burn out. Sweat is pooring out
of my skin and drops of sweat are running into my eyes, starting to burn
because of the salt. A sharp curve of the mobile and a little lack of
concentration lets me fall into the sand. Of course, it occured suddenly. The
mobile went on for several meters pulling me away like a trailer. Regina stops
the mobile &quot;What's the matter?&quot; Ilsa asks her &quot;Battery
low?&quot; &quot;No, I want to let Astrid stand up before we go on.&quot;
&quot;Why that? You are really to polite to this girls. But ok, it is your
tasks to introduce them not mine.&quot; Meanwhile I somehow managed to stand up
again having a short impression of what it is about to be pulled by the mobile
more than 10m.
Without asking about me, Regina starts to go on to Ilsa's house. 
The house is a really large, period style, old fashioned, upper-class house.
Ilsa had informed the attentends that she is arriving. Two girls and a black
young man are waiting at the stairs in front of the house. One of the two
girls, a petite, very young girls looks Spanish, Portuguese, or South American.
Her skin a little brown, not only because of the sun, it is by nature, her face
very sharp, quite a large not too large mouth, with shiny white teeth, her dark
long hair done very simple but perfect. The girl looks completely perfect. Her
trousers (??) fit exactly to the high heels she is wearing, her blouse just the
exact amount to tight to show the form of her breast. She must be very young.
The man, in his early twenties, strong body, muscels - not too much but enough
and good looking, about 185cm tall, a sharp but friendly and positive face,
short black hair, curled, dark eyes,amazing muscels on his legs. He welcomes us
with a bright and frinedly smile. He seems to be satisfied with himself. he
looks absolutely positiv. The second girl, much taller than the first one,
blond hair severly bound and kept to the back, wearing a black, shiny dress
looking like plastic, her neck is put in a tight corsage so that her head is
kept unmovable, looking straight ahead. She balances on her unbelievable high
heels and is concentarting on not falling down the stairs and not doing
anything wrong.
&quot;Ah, the service-team is already waiting, that's nice. Isn't it a pity
that my husband doesn't like to see Carmelity in skirts? She is the only girl
on thsi island who is wearing triusers! On the other hand, he is true: She
looks funny in a skirt. As long as she is doing her job allright providing all
services he likes to receive it is fine with me. She is really doing it 24
hours a day, 7 days a week! My husbands requirements are easy to match, believe
I know what I am talking about.&quot; While Ilsa is talking to Regina Corinne,
the blond girls arrived at the mobile to give Ilsa a hand. &quot;Corinne, if
you are not doing your hair correct within 10 minutes we will have an intense
meeting this afternoon!&quot; Ilsa complains about Corinne's hairdo.

Corinne's hairdo seem to be perfect, almost perfect! Some single hairs may be
not exact paralled while pulling them back. But this is absolutely normal and
nothing to complain about and no reason to promise an intense meeting.
&quot;How's your day been so far, Carmelita?&quot; Ilsa asked the small girl.
&quot;Yes, thank you for asking my gracious Mistress, I hope I could match the
requirements of your husband. He did not complain so far but he has stuffed me
severely and my backdoor is being streched.&quot; &quot;Is it hurting
you?&quot; &quot;Yes, my gracious Mistress, it is hurting like always and it is
hard to stand, but I am sure i deserve the treatment and I am very thankful
that I always get the deserved treatment.&quot; Carmelita answered. This girl
seems to be very devoted to Ilsa and her husband. Ilsa's husband asks her to
look at Sven. &quot;I made sure that he will be always ready to satisfy you.
YOu will not need to check him because he will not start to play with himself anymore.&quot;
To Sven &quot;Would you please be so kind to show and demonstrate how I secured
you!&quot; Ilsa's husband has the same polite and cruel way of talking. Sven
does not seem to be happy with the idea but he pulling doen his tight trousers
and the reason is instantly visible: He received a piercing right through his
penis and it impossible to get a hard penis as long as this piercing is
inserted. &quot;Here is the key to his ring. Keep him lokked and he will
reamain a nice and obedient boy. If you want him for your pleasure, just unlokk
the ring and he is ready for pleasure.&quot; Sven does not look like having
pleasure. It looks cruel to have a ring of that size in this part of the body.
&quot;You should allow him to rest for the next 4-6 weeks until his valuable part
is ok again. I believe he will than be eager to serve you.&quot; &quot;Thank
you very much that is a great idea, thank you.&quot; Ilsa hugged her husband
and kisses him. &quot;You seem to wait for the intense meeting, Corinne! Do
want to correct your hair or are you giving up and waiting what will happen to
you?&quot; &quot;No, my gracious Mistress, may I leave now and correct my
terrible hairdo?&quot; she asks. &quot;I expect you to do!&quot;
is the harsh answer. Corinne walks upstair in a very stiff way because of her
corsage and her heels.
&quot;May I introduce you to Astrid, one of our new inmates?&quot; Ilsa asks
her husband. &quot;Let me have look.&quot; he stands closely in front of me.
&quot;Open mouth, wider, wider, more!&quot; he pulls my tongue rigidly out of
my mouth and streches a finger of the other hand into my mouth. It tasts bad,
really bad. It tasts like he played with Carmelita and Sven shortly before.
Lifting his left knee he pressed the shield with the spikes between my legs.
Trying to scream he pulls my tongue even more. &quot;Not bad. Needs a lot of
training and education, I guess. Maybe I can add my share to her education. A
nice tattoo and a nice piercing would be nice on her.&quot;
&quot;By the way, the ten minutes are over. Where is Corinne?&quot; She just
appears on the top of the stairs. &quot;Ah, here you are, back again, my
dear.&quot;Ilsa said to Corinne. &quot;Let me have close look at your
hairdo.&quot; Corinne steps down the stairs very carefully. Kneeling in front
of Ilsa she allows her to check the corrected hairdo. &quot;Very nice, seems to
be ok now, congratulation, Corinne.&quot; &quot;Thank you very much, my
gracious Mistress, thank you!&quot; &quot;You do not need to thank me, Corinne.
Your hair is correct now and you know how important this is to me. You may
thank me this afternoon, as long as you are able to speak a word. Your hairdo
is fine now, but it took you ten minutes and 15 seconds. That will gran you the
right of an intense meeting this afternoon. YOu may thank me after our nice
meeting, Corinne.&quot; Corinne kind of colapsed before Ilsa' feet.

&quot;Get up, on your feet&quot; Ilsa shouts and Corinne is getting up as fast
as she can. She really seems to be in great fear because of the upcoming
'meeting'.
&quot;By the way,&quot; Ilsa directs to Regina, &quot;I expect some pics and a
movie which will boost Marina's idea of loosing weight. I am sure that she will
do more than she is doing right know. She even will ask to get the permitt to
do more, she will beg on her knees to do more training, believe me!&quot;
&quot;Ilsa, what do have in mind? What is your idea?&quot; Regina asks.
&quot;Just wait and see. It will be amazing, absolutely.&quot; &quot;Ok, I like
your kind of surprise.&quot;
Turning her head to me &quot;Come on, A. it's time to drive home.&quot; She
starts the e-mobil without another word, waving good-bye to Ilsa and her
husband, not caring about me running behind the e-mobil.
The weather seems to change really. Dark clouds at the horizon announces rain
or thunderstorm. Beatrice is sentenced to stay outside during the thunderstorm!
The clouds look really dark and threatening.
The distance to Regina's house is not as large as the way to Ilsa' place. I am
quite exhausted but made without major problems.
&quot;Kerstin, Kirsten&quot; Regina shouts in front of the house. The two girls
appear within seconds in the entrance door. &quot;Take A. with you, clean her
completely and put her into an apropriate dress. I do not like these metal
devices, take them off and replace them by something neat and modest looking. I
want my girl to feel comfortable and cosy. But keep her under control!&quot;
&quot;Yes, my gracious Lady.&quot; Both girls answered unisono. Taking me away
from the e-mobil I am made to go into the house. The house seems to be really
spacious, a large hall with a double door appears right after the entrance
hall. A large stairway leads to the upper floor in wide swung half circle.
Money was not short while building this house. Some statues in openings at the
wall give a sort of greek or roman feeling. The two girls lead me downstairs.
While passing the hall I realize that the statues are living people! Girls with
her body coloured almost white are bound in severe and uncomfortable positions
are placed in the exhibitions. As far as I can see, they cannot move the
slightest fraction of an inch. Being fixed like that, they give the impression
of statues. It must be terrible to be forced to stay like that.
Being forced the stairway down to the cellar I have not time to look at them
closer. The two girls lead me to a large bathroom, not looking like a bathroom
in European suburb. It looks like a mixture between a bathroom and a butchery.
&quot;You will need some time to get used to the things happening to you here
on the island. Whatever is done to you or will be done to you it will never be
a pleasure, it will be fun to you and it will never be relaxing. Just be aware
of the that if it seems to nice or even accaptable, something is wrong or you
still do not see what will happen in the next moment. We will now take off
these metal-devices and give you a bath, your hair will washed aftwards and you
will get something as a dress.&quot;
The water in the bath is not cold, it cold as ice! &quot;Uuuuuuuuuhhh, no
that's terrible cold!&quot; I kind of complained. &quot;That is not terrible
cold, it is just cold. If we are told to use 'terrible cold' water for you it
would be almost frozen. Remember what we explained, it always harder and more
terrible than you can imagine. Now, don't waste the time, jump in!&quot; I step
in trying to get used to the cold. It should be comfortable after the hot day,
but it is simply to cold.
Kerstin and Kirsten use a large screwdriver and a hammer with a special
pointing device to take the steel devices off. It feels really nice to get rid
of things heavy rings and belts.
Kerstin starts to use a heavy brush and detergent on me. &quot;All the dirt
must come off.&quot; she explaines while using this brushing tool near my
breasts.

As I expected she is not only brushing around my breast, she also uses this
brush on my breasts and nipples. &quot;Shut your mouth and better keep it
shut!&quot; I am adviced when trying to ask for a more gentle treatment.
Through the window at the opposite side of the bathroom I can see the dark clouds,
the sand blown around by the heavy wind and out of a sudden thunder, lightning
and an incredible hard rain started outside. &quot;The temparature just is
going down about twenty degrees. Instead of 35 we have about 15 or even 10
degrees for the next 15 to 20 minutes. Then the temparature is rising again
within minutes after the rain stopped. We will have 35 again and a humididty of
near 100%.&quot; Kerstin explains. I am thinking of Beatrice who was sentenced
to stay outside for tonight in that terrible position. Who is she doing now?
Kerstin makes me stop thinking of other girls, she started to brush my most
private and sensitive area and makes me jasp. &quot;Keep your mouth shut. I am
telling it a third time.&quot;
Finally K &amp; K are finished with what they called &quot;severe
bathing&quot;. A dress is ready for me to put on. Made out of black shiny latex
the overall is really tight. It seems that there is now chance for me to put it
on. &quot;You have to be a bit more optimistic, Astrid! Believe me, we will put
into that overall, no doubt about it.&quot; Pulling and dragging on every side,
front, back, left, right they finally managed to put the latex thing over my
skin. It is more than tight, it is pressing my together. The rain has stopped
and the temparature outside is rising again. It can be felt even through the
closed window. I am not done with the overall. A pair of high-heeled-pumps are
waiting to be put on. The heels are so incredible high that it is impossible
for me to stand upright. walking is no chance. A small belt is fixed around my
ankles and I am not able to put them off.
Kerstin and Kirsten are helping out of the bathroom and giving me support while
I am balancing through the house. I am led to a large hall. Several devices are
installed in here. I am placed on one side of the hall near the wall.
&quot;Stand here, keep quiet and wait until you get any orders.&quot; Standing
in these shoes is almost impossible. I cannot keep my knees straight, having
them bowed a bit I stand slightly bend forward to keep balance. &quot;Stand
upright!&quot; a voice shouts at me. I straigthen my knees and move my body
into an upright position. It takes just seconds until it hurts again in my
ankles, knees and almost everywhere. Several girls are bound into, upon or at
the different devices in this hall. It seems to be something like an
exhibition-torture-hall. As far as I can see, all girls are neatly combed, and
the masqera is proper done. Maybe it is not perfect anymore because of tears
and sweat, but at least it has been done nicely. I cannot stand anymore in that
upright position, the room starts to turn around and I finally loose control
for a moment and are falling on the floor. The high heels and the tight and
heavy latex overall makes it difficult to get up. Right in that moment the
Lady, Regina comes into the hall. &quot;Who allowed her to lay down?&quot; She
shouts immediatly. &quot;Nobody, she just did it by herself.&quot; Kirsten, or
ist Kerstin? exlains. &quot;By herself? So, if she likes to be on the floor,
tie her up so that she cannot stand up and move around. Make it a severe
boundage.&quot; Clear statement, clear command, proper realisation. Within a
short time I am bound with heavy ropes and I have no chance to move. (refer to
pics.)
Behind a curtain a large video-screen is installed. The curtain is removed and
the lights are dimmed. &quot;Lets first have a look how Rhea is doing.
Afterwards Ilsa will be with us and we are going to have a nice
motivation-session for our inmate Marina.&quot; Regina explains. &quot;Do you
what status Christine is in? Is she still in the frame outside?&quot; &quot;As
far as I know, she has been brought into the cell with Suzee.&quot; Kerstin
says. &quot;Into Suzee's cell? She is in one of the small solitary cells,
right?&quot; &quot;Yes, and now they are both in same cell. It may be nice for
them to get closer before their 'great' day.&quot; 

&quot;The temparature and the humidity will be incredible after the rain. I
wonder how the wardens manage to put both of them into the cell. Must be nice
to look at.&quot; Lady Regina says with a devily smile.
The girls in the hall are fixed to the devices in a cruel way, all of them. Bend
forward or backward, wrists bound to the ankles while the girl is forced to
stand bowed forward and so on. A moaning once in a while indicates that they
are real persons and no puppies. One of the girl is wearing so called
ballett-heels, heels so incredible high that she is forced to stand at her
tip-toes all the time. The ankles are streched over the limit, a lot more than
mine. She is forced to stand upright and keep her knees straight, which causes
pain and the risc of a cramp at her legs. Around her neck a broad leather
collar closed tight with two belts keeps her head almost unmovable up. A
leather rope around her neck is fixed at the ceiling forcing her to move her
head a bit to one side to prevent her from beeing strangled by the rope.
Concentrating on the rope around her neck as well as on the shoes at her feet
she slowly moves around a small circle. One step ahead one and a half back, a
small step to the side and back because of the rope around her neck, and back
and forth again, and left and right again. &quot;Do you feel good?&quot; Lady
Regina asks her pulling her left nipple until she moanes in pain. &quot;Yes, my
beloved Lady, I feel alright.&quot; the girl answered in a weak voice because
of the strangled neck. &quot;Only 'alright'? You are feeling only 'alright', Marlene?
My girls are supposed to feel great, right?&quot; &quot;Yes, my beloved Lady,
that is right, of course you are right.&quot; &quot;So, what can I do to make
you feel great? I am going to put you into a nice corsage and pull your waist
tight. That's a great idea,isn't it, Marlene?&quot; &quot;Yes, my beloved Lady,
that is really great but I think I cannot stand it.&quot; &quot;You cannot
stand it anymore? You are kidding, you will stand it. There is nothing else you
can do. Just do nothing, just endure it.&quot; Regina orders her girls to put
Marlene into a tight corsage, using an understrap with two dildos installed.
Marlene ist trying to beg for mercy. &quot;Give her a dildo-gag first, to keep
her silent.&quot; Regina commanded.
&quot;You prefer to lay down? Wanna sleep a little bit? Astrid, Astrid, you
should know better: I did not tell you to lay down. That's looks like a fault,
right?&quot; &quot;Excuse me my beloved Lady, I am not used in standing
straight with that high-heel shoes.&quot; I explain. &quot;You will learn to do
that and you learn fast, faster than you can imagine. Look at Marlene. She said
the same thing a couple of days ago, now she wearing these ballett-heels for
hours every day. You will take the same lessons.&quot; The same time Kerstin
and Kirsten are pulling the corsage tight and tighter. The understrap is already
fixed at the frint of the corsett and two large dildos are fixed to the
understrap. &quot;Stupid girls!&quot; Regina shouts &quot;Put the dildos in
place before pulling her tight otherwise you will not get them into
place.&quot; Kerstin and Kirsten are immediatly pulling the understrap between
Marlene legs and start pushing the dildos into place. It already turned out to
be difficult. Marlene mumbles into her gag.
The videoscreen is switched on. A device looking like being made out of
scuffolding parts is centered on the screen. A voice can be heard &quot;Check
the second camera&quot;. The picture changes and the device can be seen from
another direction. &quot;The third one now.&quot; Another camery is switched
on. It looks like a moveable one. &quot;Sound check, one, two, one, two. OK?
sound check one, two, one, two.&quot; I have never heard someone test a
microphone counting to three! Picture and sound seem to be ok. Ilsa enters the
hall &quot;Nice installation, you have made here. I have put Corinne into a
nice position as well. I guess she would not agree to the word 'nice'. Look
here I have made a polaroid of her. (refer to pic Corinne) What do you think,
how long can I leave her in that position?&quot; &quot;Ooops, that's really
kind of nice, if I may say so. Kerstin, Kirsten have a look at this!&quot;
Regina says. The two girls look at the polaroid and turned white in her faces.
&quot;Seems to be really nice, maybe even more than nice.&quot; Kerstin
answers. if these girls react like that, it must be more than terrible.

&quot;She will collapse within one hour. As soon as she cannot concentrate
because of the pain she will loose balance and this will cause even more
pain.&quot; I hear Kerstin and Kirsten whisper. &quot;It seems that action is
starting in our treatment room.&quot; Regina explained, &quot;Let's have a look
on our video-system.&quot; Rhea is brought into the room. The picture is still
a bit unclear but the cameramen are about to fix this. The sound is a little
bit to low. Rhea is wearing black boots, two wardens supporting her by having
her in a strong grip left and right. Her waist is severely laced into a black
corsage, her hair is put together to a ponytail, a ring gag is keeping her
mouth open causing problems to swallow. A close-up of her boots shows her main
problem: The heels are higher than mine and seem to be even higher than
Marlene's. Her ankles are streched completely and seem to be totally straight.
Rhea can definitely not stand by herself, walking is out of question. If the
warden let her go, she would fall to the ground immediately. Brought to the
device, she is bend forward over the upper tube, her are pulled apart to the
left and right tube. The two wardens are pulling really hard to spread her legs
as much as possible. Finally her legs are fixed in the area where her ankles
must be. She is securely bound to the tubes left and right. The tube in the
middle is lifted slowly, so that Rhea is loosing ground-contact. Her upper body
is bend rigidly forward and a tube is put across her back, so she is not able
to raise her body up anymore. Moaning and screaming of Rhea shows that this treatment
is kind of painful. Her arms are put together on her back into a single glove
and the glove is tightly bound and pulled together from ankles to the
shoulders. The glove is connected by heavy leather straps to a cran-like tube,
making it possible to pull her upper body back- and upwards. Her ponytail is
also pulled backwards and her head is maid unmovable by using a steel collar
around her neck. The camera is showing now the cellarroom. Several wardens on a
large table drinking beer and having her meal are shown. They seem to be in
good mood. Moving back to Rhea's device, two wardens are adjusting the device
in height and angle. Both making it not comfortable for poor Rhea. Her legs get
streched even more, her back is now bend downward while her shoulders and her
head are bend upward, producing a pressure onto her whole body.
Rhea's fixing is commented by Regina, Ilsa and the others (who the hell are
these people??) with laughing and fun. Rhea herself is screaming and moaning in
her ordeal. But that is only the beginning, the preparation, the painful and
terrible part is yet to come. 
One of the wardens is taking the ring-gag out her mouth and starts a
interrogation.
&quot;When did you loose your virginity?&quot; he asks. Rhea does not want to
give an answer and stays calm except the moaning. &quot;You do not want to
answer? OK. Lift her arms just half an inch, maybe she will reconsider.&quot;
Her arms are pulled up a little bit and Rhea screams because of this pain.
&quot;Yes, yes, I will answer, please stop, no, not more, please.&quot;
&quot;OK, stop it and we will see. SO, I am listening, I am waiting.&quot;
&quot;About five or six years ago.&quot; &quot;You should answer in complete
sentences, you should use correct grammar, AND YOU SHOULD ADDRESS ME
PROPERLY!&quot; the last words are shouted right into Rhea face. &quot;Lift her
arms another half inch, she needs arguments.&quot; Pulling the arms up and
screaming is just one thing. &quot;Try it again, and please my dear Rhea: a
little bit more accurate, if I may say so.&quot;
&quot;Sir, I lost my virginity about five years ago, when I was sixteen.&quot;
&quot;Your boyfriend made it when you were sixteen, right?&quot; Knowing that
her files are quite detailed, Rhea is not sure whta to answer. &quot;Sir, it
has been my a girl not a boy.&quot; &quot;Ah, I see you prefered girls instead
of boys.&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir, that is right.&quot; It must be quite difficult
for her speak in that position, but everything is difficult in that position.
&quot;So you preferred girls in that age?&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; &quot;How
about a complete sentence or do you want another pull?&quot; &quot;No Sir, no
pull please. I prefer girls.&quot; &quot;You 'prefer' or you 'preferred'? Let
us be clear with that.&quot; &quot;Sir, I still prefer girls.&quot;

Loud laughing from all the wardens. &quot;We will convince her!&quot; &quot;She
will convert to right religion.&quot; &quot;You never had the pleasure to be
with me!&quot; The wardens are laughing and shouting at her.
&quot;So, Rhea, you prefer girls. Did you ever had sexual intercourse with a
man?&quot; the inquisition continued. &quot;Yes, Sir, I had sexual intercourse
with a man. Several times.&quot; &quot;You did not enjoy it?&quot; &quot;No,
Sir I did not enjoy it.&quot; &quot;Which openeings did the man - man or men?
How many did you test?&quot; &quot;Sir, I had sexual intercourse with five or
six men. I did not test them.&quot; &quot;A little bit more precise, my girl,
five or six?&quot; &quot;Sir, I am sorry but I do not know. I was once taken
while I was blindfolded and I am not sure wether it has been two or three of
them. Please accept my apologizes for that.&quot; &quot;Ok, which openings are
already used on your body?&quot; The wording of this question is really
incredible. Talking a girl like a slot machine. &quot;Sir, you mean in which
way I had intercourse with men? Mostly the normal way, but I was using my mouth
on at least two men in prison.&quot; &quot;How about the third one?&quot;
&quot;Sir, you are asking about the sexual experience of my anus. No, it was
never used by a man.&quot; &quot;Never used by a man? who else might have used
it?&quot; &quot;Sir, I had intense sexual stimulations with girls and pressing
a finger into each others anus was part of the things we tried.&quot;
&quot;Tell me about the loosing of your virginity.&quot; &quot;Sir, it was done
by a girlfriend of mine. She has been a little bit older and was more
experienced. She did it with a vibrator, she was already open. We did it in the
shower because of the blood.&quot; &quot;Ah, with a vibrator at the age of
sixteen, nice, nice. You enjoyed it?&quot; &quot;Sir, it was painful and messy
and uncomfortable. I wouldn't like to do it again.&quot; &quot;What do you
expect will be done tonight.&quot; &quot;Sir, I think you and your friends will
have sexual intercourse with me. I also expect that some of you will ask for
oral stimulation before they enter my vagina.&quot; The wardens laugh and
scream. &quot;What did she call it: 'sexual intercourse'? I call
'fucking'.&quot; &quot;Fucking is done by the lower class people, this girl is
at least middle class, that is the reason why she calls it 'sexual intercourse'.
The result will be the same!&quot; Again laughing and toasts and drinking.
&quot;You got it close, but not close enough, Rhea. Yes, your vagina will be
used, there will be another expression for it, but the result makes no
difference. Your mouth will also be used. I think a little bit more often and a
bit more entense than you expects. We expect you to do oral service while the
other side of your body is used. We expect you to do a good job with both
openings and last but least it is expected that you finish the job with your mouth.
Finishing means to take everything and to swallow it. We do not want to make a
mess on the floor. One thing I have almost forgotten: You will know how a penis
feels in your anus and you will never forget it.&quot; &quot;Sir,
Siiiiiiiiiiir, &quot; Rhea screamed. &quot;Yes, Rhea, happy about that? Want to
start right know with the service? Nice girls, I didn't expect anything
else.&quot;
&quot;Sir, please, no, you cannot, I mean, my you cannot put and swallowing no
please...&quot; &quot;A little bit unconcentrated, Rhea. SOunds not very clear
to me. It doesn't matter anyhow. YOu will not have the time for a lot of
talking this night. Just relax and let happen what is going to happen. One
question before we start: How long is it since your last sexual pleasure?&quot;
Sir, it is about two or three weeks ago.&quot; &quot;Two or three weeks? You
mean here on the island? One of the wardens?&quot; &quot;Sir, not one of the
wardens. It has been a girl.&quot; &quot;A girl? You had sex with one of your
inmates? Who was it&quot; &quot;Sir, it was not one of the inmates. It was one
of the twins. I do not know which one, because they look 100% alike.&quot;
The reaction in front of the video-screen is like a hurricane starting. Regina
calms down within seconds. &quot;We will discuss this and sort this out
afterwards. If Rhea is lying she will regret it, if she is true one of you will
regret it.&quot;
The wardens explains Rhea. &quot;There is another problem for you. Before I can
start to use you in the right way, I have to get rid of some beer I had this
evening. Remember what I just told you? Take everything and swallow it.
completely.&quot;

&quot;Sir, I will try to do as good as possible. But, please may I ask to have
my arms lowered abit, just one inch. It hurts so much and I promise to do my
best to please you. Sie, please just one inch.&quot; &quot;Yes, Rhea you may
ask and the answer is&quot; pausing for some seconds which seems to be minutes
&quot;yes, I will give you one inch as a bonus. You may use the bonus the next
time you are sentenced to have your arms lifted. The bonus-inch you just
received will be deducted. Is that fine with you?&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir, of
course.&quot; Rhea replied sadly.
The preassure is growing come on my girl, are you ready? let's start!&quot;
With these word the warden puts his penis into Rhea's mouth and apperently his
champaigne starts flowing into poor Rhea. Again some moaning is heard in front
of the screen. Rhea is now visible in large scale and she is in trouble to take
the liquid within leaving anything drop on the floor. Drinking and swallowing
while having something in the mouth is quite difficult and being fixed in this
position makes even more difficult. I guess it is nearly impossible to take
everything while being treated like that. Rhea is working to combine
swallowing, breathing, not vomiting and not bitting into the wardens penis.
Suddenly she is coming into problems, caughing and seeking for air, she lets
flow quite amount of the yellow liquid out of her mouth. She is trying to
breathe again regularly, her head suddenly turned red, her eys are watered, she
is in large scale on the movie screen.
&quot;Oh, oh&quot; Ilsa comments kind of happy. &quot;That will lead directly
into a penalty. Maybe she can use her bonus-inch.&quot; Regine says without
feeling pity for Rhea. The women are more than cruel, they do not have any
feelings, just nothing. A stone instead of a heart.
&quot;You almost made it, Rhea.&quot; The warden explains after Rhea starts to
breath again in a normal way. &quot;But that's only almost and you know what is
inspected: completely and perfect. Everything you are doing should be done
completely and perfectly. Do you think your job right one meet these
requirements?&quot; &quot;Sir, I, ehm, I got into problems, it was to much of
your champaigne and I could not swallow all of it. Sir, please accept my
sincere excuses.&quot; &quot;Sounds good, Rhea. Do you agree into a sort of
training to prevent us from having this messy proplem again?&quot; &quot;Yes,
Sir, of course, Sir.&quot; &quot;So you will receive my champagne from tomorrow
on every morning before the physical training starts. ok?&quot; Rhea's face
turned white again. That is one of the most hard things which can be done to a
girl, receiving morning champaigne is the most disgusting thing. &quot;Siiiiir,
please, that is ...&quot; &quot;Is what? Rhea? I thought you are happy to learn
how to comply the requirements.&quot; &quot;Yes, Sir, of course, I do accept,
Sir.&quot; Rhea seems to be in complete horror. &quot;You will of course
receive an immediate punishment, as well. Your arms will be lifted again one
inch. OK with you Rhea? Any comments?&quot; &quot;Sir, I would like to trade in
my bonus inch right now, if I may.&quot; Rhea is speaking in a complete devot
manner, she has completely adopted the way her speaking is expected. &quot;Of
course Rhea, that is your right. I have already deducted your bonus inch from
the two inch sentence you just received. 2inched minus 1inch gives 1 inch left
to lift, right?&quot; Rhea head moves down in desperation. &quot;Yes, Sir,
absolutely right.&quot; A loud scream is heard while her arms are lifted again
and her shoulders are turned into the wrong direction.

The wardens are playing cards to determine who is going to use Rhea first,
second and so on, after the two wardens celebrating their birthday. The two
wardens agreed to start simultaniusly. One using Rhea's mouth and the other one
Rhea's vagina. As far as I understand the two wardens are granted the right to
use Rhea as long as they like until the other men are allowed to start.
The younger warden positions himself in front of Rhea indicating clearly that
he expects to receive oral service. It must be disgusting to do this for a man
like that. He looks sweaty, he probably smells from cheap liquor, garlic�,
sweat and dirt. Rhea has no other choice than accepting his penis in her mouth
and do what is required. In the very same moment the older warden starts to
penetrate Rhea in her vagina. A yell is silenced by the young wardens penis in
her mouth. There are still some tears left in Rhea's eyes and they are running
down her cheeks. Both of the wardens look like doing a hard work and poor Rhea
is taking twice at the time in a real hard way. The warden using Rhea
regurlarly is finishing quite fast and spurting most of his sperm into Rhea.
With several slaps on her back-cheeks he finishes with her.
The young one needs obviously more time, trying to take as much benefit of the
situaton as possible. Finally he also moves across the edge and every drop of
his juice is put into Rhea's mouth. Just before he started to come he explained
Rhea that it is expected to take every drop into her mouth and that absolutely
every drop has to be swallowed.
It seems that is has not been too much, because Rhea managed to swallow
everything. &quot;Congratulation!&quot; I thought by myself &quot;good job,
well done, hope you can go on like that.&quot; The young warden decides to have
a second game. He moved around Rhea, standing behind her he part her
back-cheecks looking happy at Rhea's private area. &quot;Let me try this entrance
as well!&quot; He shouts to his colleges. Without mercy he starts to press his
penis into Rhea's anus. Screaming loud, Rhea begs for mercy, just getting some
lough in return from the wardens. They offer her beer and brandy and start to
empty beerglasses over head. &quot;To keep her awake.&quot; as they explain.
Yelling in pain because of the rigid treatment her face is on the screen
filling it completely. She does not look pretty anymore in this moment and her
treatment has just started and this night is still long the worst is still to
come.
Ilsa asked without feeling pity in any way wether it interesting for anybody to
see this girl while receiving her treatment. Ilsa suggests to have a look at
the channel every now and than to see what is going on.
Ilsa suggest to bring Marina into a good viewing position in front of the
screen because she has something which might be of interest for Marina. Marina,
in her tight latex-suite rigidly bound is brought to the front of the screen,
not knowing what is going on. Her blindfolds are taken away as well as her
eyrplugs and her gag.
Ilsa explains that Martina has undergone a severe training to loose some weight. Her husband asked
the management of the island to work on the figure and posture of Martina. Ilsa also explains that
she has the impresseion that Martina reach the target in terms of weight-control but her physical condition is
not as good as expected. She needs to shap up and she seems to be not very
active in this kind of training. Loosing the weight seems to be enough for her
in Marina's opinion.
&quot;I am going to show you all and of course especially Marina a short movie,
about half an hour and maybe you are willing to chance your mind. Maybe, maybe
not, we will see.&quot; Ilsa says with a devillishly smile.
It is getting a little bit darker the movie starts. The title comes on screen
out of the black &quot;The treatment of Sandra-Catherina&quot;.
A terrible, incredible scream yells through the hall:
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO&quot;.

&quot;What do mean 'noooooo'? You do not like movies and pictures? What's the
matter with you, Marina?&quot; &quot;No, not Sandra-Catherina, not her, please
no, please don't, please.&quot; Marina almost screams, she seems to be
completely desparate. I am also starting to become kind of desparate because
the position I am in starts to become more and more unpleasant und painful.
Even a relative comfortable kind of bondage starts to be painful after a while.
&quot;Why are you so concernd about the treatment of Sandra-Catherina?&quot;
&quot;She, she, she is my daughter. Please let her alone, don't harm her,
please.&quot; &quot;Yes, she is your daughter, but she is not your husbands
daughter. We organized a DNA-testing and the result is cristal-clear:
Sandra-Catherina is not your husband's daughter. She is born quite exactly nine
month after your wedding, so you must have cheaten your husband right before or
right after your wedding. Your husband is angry, more than angry. He wants you
to shape up again and look atractive like a you did when you married. (refer to
the pics section, folder Marina. That is how Marina looked before she gained
the additional weight and before she had her hair cut short to an
easy-to-handle haircut.) He also wants you to serve him like a woman has to
serve her husband and, I think his ideas are a little bit more specific about
that. He is happy to have someone else for serving him and serve him according
to his desires: Sandra-Catherina is not his daughter, so he is free to use in
whichever way he likes it.&quot; &quot;Nooooooooooooo, he can't do that, no
never.&quot; Marina screams. Ilsa replies in a calm and cold voice &quot;He
can. and more: he will do. he will use her in every way he likes to use her!
That is more than cooking a cup of coffee sometime, it is more than having fun
in the missionary position, it is more than giving head and it is more than
accepting him in the backdoor. It is the whole way of life for you and
Sandra-Catherina. Both of you will be ready for his pleasure 24h a day 7 days a
week and 52 weeks a year. Your daughter is just about to be trained for her
future destination. She left school just 4 month prior to her exams, she does
not need latin, maths, chemistry for what is her newly defined
destination.&quot; &quot;She is still a virgin!&quot; Marina cried. &quot;Not
anymore. This has already corrected, the second day we had her under control.
It was not the romantic way, but it took only about three hurs to convince her
to beg for it. Since that time she is brought to an orgasm several times, she
has not yet had a real penis, all she is used is an artificial one, we used
different sizes. Her backdoor still needs more training and I think you and
Sandra-Catherina will do these lessons in parallel. That is kind of funny and
interesting.&quot; Marina sobs silently, she is unable to say a word. Not only
she is under control of this cruel Ladys or this cruel organisation, her
beloved daughter also. She has to admit that it is possible that her husband is
not the father of her girl. A day before her wedding, she met her former
boyfriend who was not allowed to marry her because of the family-status. They
had sex together that night, just to say good-by. Marina always knew that there
is a good chance that he is the father and not her husband, but she never
talked about that. But what if her younger daughter is also ...? She does not
dare thinking an further.
&quot;Let us have a look at the screen and see what kind of treatment
Sandra-Catherina already had to undergo.&quot;
A portait -full-screen- of Sandra-Catherina's face appeared on the large
screen. Her hair obiously coloured blond and slightly curled to encrease
volume, lips coloured red, the eyebrows still in abright shade of brown, brown
eyes, staring kind of fearful into the audiance. Marina is about to colapse,
screaming and moaning she has to accept that she is forced to realize how her
daughter is treated. Treated is obviously the wrong word, Sandra-Catherina is
in the beginning of a torture session. Lying on a concrete floor, completely
naked except a metal device, she tries to find a position which is half way
comfortable, at least bearable for the next time. She moves around as much as
the limitations of her bodndage-device allows her. Her neck is inclosed in a
shackle made out of heavy metal, screws in front right under her chin keep it
close together. A short length of metal lead to another pair of shackles, inclosing
her wrist keeping them fixed about 30 cm away from her chin, forcing her to
hold them high. A short chain connect the wrist-shackles with a ring fixed in
the concrete of the floor. Standing up is impossible because of the short chain
and sitting or lying on the floor in an acceptable position is also impossible.
Sandra-Catherina is always moving around to change positions, to give one side
a little bit of reliefe while the other side is starting to hurt. She is quite
good looking, not a model-type of girl, but a slim figure and long legs as far
as I can see. Her waist is really slim her breast have a good size. The
proportions seem to be great. She is completely shaved which looks quite good
at her. A sort of soft moaning is her from hear while she moves from right to
left and back again. A sharp command can be heard &quot;Stand up! Stopp lying
around here, immediatly!&quot; The audiance is taking a deep breath &quot;How
can she stand up, bond like that?&quot; Sandra-Catherina is moving around
chaning position trying to optimize the chance of getting of the floor. A sharp
voice is heard again, telling her to move faster or receive additional
punishments. I am sure that it is impossible for her to stand up and it is only
a way to make her tired and to produce a reason for the additional punishment.
After several minutes Sandra-Catherina makes it to stand up with her body
heavily bend forward and downward and her knees bowed as well! She really made
it! Moving around she turns around the ring in the floor, trying desperately not
to fall because she would not be able to control that and may heart herself
severely. Facing the camera her desparate look can be seen. &quot;Please
...&quot; she wispers very silent, just to receive the answer in a loud and
clear voice &quot;You are not entitled to talk and to tell stories unless you
are asked to do so.&quot; 'Talk' and 'tell a story' is for sure something
different then begging for a little bit of mercy just with the word 'please'.
Sandra-Catherina is obviously in a very severe and very strict institut, maybe
it is the same as we are in. It is at least as strict as this one here.
&quot;While some arrangements are made with Sandra-Catherina we will have a
short on what is happening in our cellar with dear Rhea. Let us change
programs.&quot; Ilsa explains in a happy voice.
Rhea is treated by the wardens without any rest. Her body is covered with
sweat, her hair is wet because of the sweat and the beer which poored over her
head to keep her awake (How can anybody fall asleep, while treated like that?)
Wardens use her in every possible way, not caring about the pledges for mercy
of the poor girl. Her mouth is filled most of the time 'to prevent her begging
for mercy' as one of the wardens in fron of Rhea proudly explains. Every time
she is not able to swallow every drop of their come, she receives an extra
punishment, like weights on her piercings, severy pulling on her hair, beating
her ass and her legs and so on. Then wardens are doing everything evil just to
have pleasure with her. This is not treatment for fun, it is torture, severe
torture.
The idea, that I maybe in her place sometime makes me breathless. I cannot
stand a torture like that, never!
(refer to pics in folder 'Sandra-Catherina) 

How can people enjoy this sort of treatment, they call it sex, it is imple abuse
of a girl.
Marlene starts to moan because her position becomes more and more uncomfortable
and surely painful. The positions Regina and Ilsa put us girls in make allways
sure that it will become painful without further manipulations. Just letting us
stay in a position is causing more and more pain. They absolutely know how to
do that.
&quot;Let's go on with Sandra-Catherina, ok? Your husband is eagerly waiting to
have both of you back and well trained devoted girls. There is something you
need to know, Marina. Your training and Sandra-Catherina's training will be
kind of syncron, it will be parallel and your training, your behaviour, your
results, your faults, your mistakes and of course your progress and your
success will influence the situation of your daughter and of course her
treatment. In other words: If you fail to succeed in anything you will, as in
the past, be sentenced to a certain punishment. This punishment will be
adminsterd to you AND to Sandra-Catherina as well. If you receive 12 or 24
lashes with the whip, the cane or whatever, your daughter will receive the same
in addition to her punishment. She has a slight drawback: She has already a
minimum sentence of 12 strokes every day. So if you receive 12 strokes,
Sandra-Caterina will receive her basic 12 plus your 12 plus the strokes she has
earned during this day. This brings me to the conclusion, that your faults will
allways cause your daughter to pay for you as well. It will be my pleasure to
let you see the movie of Sandra-Catherina's daily punishments. She will know
that parts of her punishments will be because of your faults.&quot; Cruel is
not enough to describe that method, it is more. Marina can do whatever she
want, she will cause punishment her herselv and for her daughter.
&quot;We will of course make the regulation a little bit more strict, so the
risc of failing will rise dramatically.&quot; Marina is tightly gaged, so her
screaming cannot be heard. It must be terrible for a mother to be in a
situation like that.
The movie continues and the treatment of the girl goes on. Lying on the
concrete floor again, her legs are spread wide and a metal spreader-bar is
fixed to her ankles. Forcing her to keep her legs spread very far apart. A very
indecent position, her shaved private area is fully visible and displayed. The
position is also very uncomfortable, even more the before. She has now even
more limitation in her movement. Lying on her back is impossible because her
hands in front of her are chained to the ring in the floor. Lying on her belly
is impossible because her hands are fixed in front of her, she has to keep her
head and her breasts lifted up from the ground. Lying on the side is difficult
because of her spread legs, it forces her to have on leg raised high up while
the other on the floor. The only chance is to twist her body and this quite
painful. The girl is obiously permantly trying to find a position which is not
hurting for a short period. More pain is to come! A dildo, fixed to long
woodern stick is entering the scene. Nobody can be seen but the black device is
starting to play its role in the terrible theater. Someone from outside the
camera-angle is using this dildo-device. It is is clear what Sandra-Catherina
has to expect. Poor girl.

Marina is desparately moving and trying to escape her bondage, shouting in her
gag, seeming to be totaly out of mind. Her gag is removed by one of the
assistant girls. &quot;Noooooooooooo, youcannot, she is, she, she is, is , she
is a virgin, please stop it!&quot; Ilsa nods her head and the girls forces the
gag into Marina's mouth again. &quot;She is not, not anymore a virgin, believe
me. We have managed that. She asked, she begged for loosing her virginity
instead of a treatment she did not want to receive. We complied and made as she
asked us to do. As far as I understood, it was not very nice and not a real
soft treatment what was done to remove her hymen, but it worked. She is not a
virgin anymore, but she has not yet received a any sexual pleasure in her
vagina. Only dildos, vibrators, speculum and spreaders have been used with her.
She has not yes experienced an orgasm or anything nice and positiv in her
vagina. First the work and afterwards the fun. Marina, you surely agree that a
girl like Sandra-Catherina needs firm preparations before she can be used for
the pleasure of men?&quot; 
Marina seems to collapse, loosing control completely.
&quot;Give her a rest for some minutes before we go on with the movie. Maybe,
we can switch to my place and have look how Corinne is doing? Do we have a
connection?&quot; 
To me all this seems to be kind of an unreal scenario. Swiching over from one
place to another reminds of Olympic Games on TV, transmitting several different
events in parallel.
The connection is made and Corinne is clearly visible on the large screen. The
way she is bound is not cruel, it is not human anymore. There is now way for
Corinne to put herself in a position without pain, no way, absolute no way. She
is permanently moving up and down back and forth to reduce pain in one part of
her body, increasing the pain in another part in the same moment. A moaning is
heard in the audience. Everyone understand what this position, this bondage
causes for that poor girl.
&quot;I expect that she will obey from now on and take care of her make-up and
hairdo in the future.&quot; Ilsa explained.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Astrid


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





