BDSM Library - Bit by Bit




Bit by Bit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: revenge for reality tv humiliation







little by little bit by bit

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  0
  2006-01-24T01:13:00Z
  2006-01-24T01:13:00Z
  1
  1332
  7599
   
  63
  17
  8914
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   -1
   -1
   -1
   -1
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








little by
little bit by bit

The day
started well for Triny she had been to Harvey Nicks shopping for herself, now
she was back in shape after the baby. Nice new jeans and a beautiful bra to
show off her still&nbsp; enhanced breasts. As she passed the perfume counter,
one of the heavily made up assistants rushed to offer her a free sample of
Obsession, and rather rudely sprayed it in her general direction. Triny hardly
registered this action as it happened to be the perfume she was wearing. The
sample bottle that the apparently embarrassed assistant&nbsp; insisted on
handing her was 500ml and a perfume not an eau de toilette, always happy to
have a freebie (she is actually quite tight in her private life) Triny placed
it in her handbag, without a second glance at the assistant who proffered it. 

We do make
some serious errors of judgement when we are being flattered, if Triny had
looked closely at the counter assistant she would have seen that her face
though not her figure was familiar&nbsp;&nbsp;

&nbsp;The
poor woman was a casualty from her make over show, some months earlier. She had
been helped to look more glamorous, allowed to spend �2000&nbsp; on clothes,
and forced to look at her body shape. After the duo had made them selves look
clever and the show had aired. The poor woman&nbsp; returned to her normal
life, with an unaffordable shopping habit, a poor self image and the early
signs of bulimia. Her husband left her for a nice dumpy middle class girl, who
felt lucky to have him, was content with herself, and understood the
limitations of a modest income,( all the things she had been before the
show).&nbsp;

Sitting
alone in front of her computer some weeks earlier, the poor victim was
conducting a search for counselling advice. She fed depression into googgle and
came up with about four hundred pages of data none of any apparent use to her.
On the third page there was a small link, forced into depression by others?
taken advantage of? Been humiliated? Harmless revenge .com. legal, amusing, and
guaranteed; to be dreadfully humiliating for the recipient. 

She clicked
the box the web site opened there was a long introductory paragraph explaining
how with a combination of pheromones and nanites the olfactory nerves and the
taste buds could implant a memory of a taste or smell and depending on
the&nbsp; degree inhalation of the catalyst make the taste or smell a like, a
preference, or a deep craving that needed immediate gratification .&nbsp; 

Repeated
doses of the catalyst could in certain circumstances make the body synthesise
the craved product itself. A person could be addicted to any product that had a
smell or taste and the level of addiction could range from a small smile of
pleasure to a desperate bid to do anything to obtain the craved substance The
examples on the web showed a&nbsp; women addicted to lavender soap having bars
in her handbags all her cupboards and washing everything in it including her
teeth. She had apparently ridiculed an old impoverished aunt for buying it for
her on her birthday .Other mild examples were a craving for curry powder, every
dish the recipient of the catalyst made had to have a taste of curry. In this
case it was an over critical mother who was very rude about her daughter in
laws cooking. Among many other examples sited was a woman who was using bleach
as a hair conditioner and underarm deodorant having upset a mall cleaner who
was trying her best in a difficult undervalued job.By saying to her daughter
that the woman stank of cleaning product in a loud snobby voice. 

The article
implied that after a few days the effects wore off . This was not actually the
case. The whole process being unstable, the original site researchers were so
affected by the product that they were incapable of further testing or
research. Every visitor to their premises was also incapacitated. It actually
entirely depended&nbsp; on the recipients dna as to if they would ever recover
. 

But to
return to our poor aggrieved woman she sent off her �9.99 to the web address
and forgot about it . The product arrived in a sealed bag with instructions for
use either to add a drop to food or a spray perfume or massage oil.. Our woman
who had a part time position in the famous department store added three drops
to the Obsession tester hoping to addict Triny to the perfume. She had hoped to
improve her sales and to make Triny use it on every thing. She had not however
read the instructions which clearly stated that the base medium used would not
become the addictive product.&nbsp; It stated that the addictive products would
be the strongest smell inhaled or taste savoured after the catalyst had been
sprayed. Triny had very bad luck she was carrying a used nappy in her tote bag
which was the most smelly thing in the immediate area, it could so easily have
been Chanel number five. The results were going to be devastating. The nanites
locked on her receptors and at first she just smiled smelling the wet soiled
nappy a smell that up till that moment she had been pretending did not exist.
She&nbsp; then caught a whiff of breast milk from a slightly soiled soft cotton
cloth she used to keep the babies dribbles off her clothes when winding her ,
she picked at a tiny spot of dried milk on her blouse and popped it in her
mouth,&nbsp; her nipples stiffened imperceptibly. . 

As she
hailed the taxi the symptoms of her addiction were slowly increasing she had
opened her bag and was surreptitiously sniffing the contents, her nipples
started to harden a little more. . By the time she reached Susanne flat in
south Ken the process had stabilised and apart from having taut little nipples
and still not having thrown away the soiled nappy everything seemed to be
normal. 

On arriving
back at her flat Susanne greeted her friend wrinkled her nose slightly and said
for goodness sake Triny&nbsp; your not carrying a used disposable about again
are you? Triny found herself blushing but was not sure why. After a couple of
hours Triny rushed off to feed her baby. 

The nanites
continued to do there stuff and over the next couple of months bit by bit
Triny's addictions grew, there was the ever present soiled nappy which seamed
to be essential, even being taken to bed and placed under the pillow . There
was a period of smelling her hands after wiping even the occasional lick of a
soiled finger .Unnecessary hanging around near public toilettes and baby
feeding rooms at one point she had to tear herself away from a feeding mother
before she grabbed the unoccupied breast. As soon as Triny smelt poo she had
the irresistible desire to immediately fill her knickers. After which she would
sample the contents, she was drawn towards smelly babies, the incontinent, the
careless and any public toilette. 

&nbsp;A
visit to a friends farm during muck spreading was a disaster, thank god the
press wasn't there. The way the dirty farmer used her in the dairy shed still
made her shudder the picture of her sliding back and forth over the shit strewn
floor, tits leaking and trying to swallow the filth was a cause of deep
humiliation and a mind blowing orgasm. 

After
having had no contact with Triny for a month, in truth Susanne was avoiding her
after the muck spreading saga . Susanne arrived home,&nbsp; as she entered her
flat she could hear mewling noises coming from the bathroom on entering she
found a used nappy that had apparently been wiped clean and Triny sitting in
the bath, sucking on&nbsp; one of her continually leaking breasts, whilst&nbsp;
forcing her face into a huge pile of shit and urine which was erupting from her
arse going oh yummy in delightful Sloaney accent, in between mouthfuls of shit
and tit..&nbsp; 

On the
launch of their next show three months later Triny and Susanne were not quite
the dazzling it girls Triny sported a ball gag to prevent her sucking on her
expanded milk filled breasts and a big pink nappy to prevent accidents her
hands were fastened behind her, as during rehearsal ten minutes before she had
tried to examine the contents of her smelly nappy. There were small brown
smudges at the side of her mouth and brown stains under her finger nails.
Susanne sported a substantial chastity belt the edges of which glistened with
dew, her hands were also restrained. The bottle of Obsession which Triny had
given her had broken while she was relaxing in the bath .indulging in stress
relief. Over the intervening weeks she had gradually become addicted to the
smell of her own pleasure and in spite of all efforts at restraint she was
unable to stop playing with herself&nbsp; She lost the battle as soon as she
whiffed her own arousal and plunged into an orgy of sex and masturbation, which
had already resulted in an acrimonious divorce and an unwanted pregnancy and a
new career as a lesbian sub.. 

The poor
victim of our make over couple never saw the results of her revenge as she was
fired for poor sales from her department store and missed the return of Triny
the stinker and Susanne the slut. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  freezers83(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





