BDSM Library - Fiona is Auctioned Off




Fiona is Auctioned Off
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fiona, at 14, must persude her father to sign her Affidavit of Virginity; and update her dossier to explain why she got a bare bottom spanking for breaking Mr. Harrington\'s nose.







                                                                   Fiona
is Auctioned Off

 
  Normal
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-01-22T09:17:00Z
  2006-01-22T09:17:00Z
  1
  1982
  11303
   
  94
  26
  13259
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  
  0
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








������������������������������������������������������������������
Fiona is
Auctioned Off

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

In
accordance with the law, my schooling ended the day I turned 14. I said goodbye
to my teachers and picked up my dossier in the school office. It was a Tuesday,
so I had a few days to be with my family before the auction took me from them
forever.

&nbsp;

Getting
home from school at mid-day was a problem. Being unescorted on the street, I
might be seized as a runaway. Or any man could demand to see my brand, and I'd
have to show it to him, which would be pretty embarrassing considering where it
is on my body. So I decided to take the bus with my birthday money, despite the
high cost. I walked quickly past the &quot;Men Only&quot; signs to the female
seating at the rear of the bus.

&nbsp;

I'd
never seen my dossier before. The first thing inside was a handwritten note
from Mr. Davidson, the school spankmaster and guidance counselor.

&nbsp;

&quot;Dear
Fiona,

����� A word of caution. You have but a single
serious disciplinary act in your record, but it is a beauty. At the auction,
there are certain men who prefer to buy girls with such histories, because they
enjoy the process of correction. You do not wish to be bought by one of these
men! Mr. Harrington's account of the incident is too cursory. I suggest that
you put your own written narrative in your file before the day of the auction.
I offer you my best wishes with your new master.

��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� ��������� Maximillian D.

&nbsp;

Underneath
that were a couple of forms for my father to fill out. There was a standard
Transfer of Ownership paper, and then an Affidavit of Virginity.

The
latter was very simple.

&nbsp;

&quot;I,
_______, having spoken to my daughter, ________, about her sexual history, and
having performed a genital examination, do hereby swear to the best of my
knowlege that she is a virgin.&quot;������������
Signed, _______.

&nbsp;

I
gave a start. My household is clothed and my father has not seen me naked since
I was very little. It wondered just how long he would have to spend examining
me before he was satisfied.

&nbsp;

Below
those forms was a transcript of my grades from the last two years. Generally
speaking, I got mostly B's and C's in Sewing and Housekeeping, and some A's in
Cooking. But I knew nobody really cared about those things. What buyers would
be looking at was Amatory Arts. And there I was a star.

&nbsp;

AA,
which started when I was 13, was really hard at first, though. First of all,
they never told us why we were being walked over to Darwin Middle School, where
the boys were. Then when we got to the gym we all had to take off our clothes
in front of the teachers, all men of course. Then they let the boys in and they
got to pose, grope, and stare at us as much as they wanted before they pulled
down their own pants. 

&nbsp;

Of
course all us girls knew in theory how to give a blowjob because of the
videotapes we had been studying back at our school, but to actually do it was
something else. I started out slowly but in a couple of months I was getting
straight A's because 100% of my partners were cumming. There were a few girls
who struggled right up to the end, maybe they thought it was gross or didn't
like the taste, I don't know. They got punished. Of course, there were a few
boys who would say they didn't cum when they did, just for the fun of spanking
their partners on their bare butts.

&nbsp;

Next
in the folder was the Disciplinary Report by Mr. Harrington. It was very short.
Maybe he didn't want to dwell upon the day a 12-year-old girl broke his nose. I
hated that he didn't put my side of it in his report. He knew darn well how and
why it happened.

&nbsp;

The
last thing in the folder was a thick archive of my posture pictures. The first
three were dated about two weeks after the Patriarch Laws were passed, so I
knew they were taken the day I slugged Mr. Harrington. I was nude, of course.
My breasts were just barely starting to swell, my slit hairless. I had been
crying. And then there were the usual side and rear views. You could see the
baby fat on my reddened butt. My hips were girlishly narrow.

&nbsp;

I
looked through the other pictures, the same front, side, rear shots once a
month for nearly two years. If you fanned them quickly you could almost see my
tits grow before your eyes, my pubic mound develop a thin blond cover, my labia
enlarge, my hips spread.

&nbsp;

As
soon as I got home I went to my room and started writing my version of what had
happened two years earlier.

&nbsp;

&quot;About
two weeks after the Patriarch Laws were passed, when I was 12 years old and in
sixth grade, I came to school one Monday morning and found that everything had
changed. All the women teachers had been dismissed and replaced by men; all the
boys had gone to Darwin while the girls from there were now with us; and our
textbooks were now all about domestic duties.

&nbsp;

&quot;My
gym class was third period. My new teacher was Mr. Harrington, a large muscular
man. He calmly announced that from that moment on, all gym would be taken
entirely in the nude, and that furthermore, he was going to weigh and
photograph each of us totally bare. He told us all to go quickly into the
locker room, take off our clothes, and come back out onto the gym floor.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
need to remember how different things were then. The new laws hadn't really
sunk in yet, and you didn't see a lot of female nudity on the street like you
do today. All of us had been raised to be modest, and his orders came as a
great shock. So most of us just kind of milled around in the locker room,
talking in hushed tones to each other. But some girls stripped down to their
panties. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Then
to our utter surprise, Mr. Harrington suddenly entered the locker room! Girls
shrieked and tried to cover themselves. We couldn't believe that he had the
right to come in where we were undressing! I hadn't taken off anything, though.
As I was near the door he came through, I became his first example. He grabbed
me, sat down, threw me across his lap, pulled up my skirt, and started spanking
me hard on my panty-covered butt. The other girls were screaming. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
this is how it happened. I just flung up my right arm behind me, trying to get
away really, and by some sort of fluke I caught him square across his nose and
broke it. I couldn't do that again in a thousand tries. Blood was everywhere.
He left quickly, holding his nose.

&nbsp;

&quot;The
other girls were now shaking in fear and getting naked. We all knew we were
really in for it. I had blood all over me, so I took off everything and went
into the shower and tried to wash the gore out of my clothes and off my skin.
When I got out, I found that all the other girls had capitulated. They were all
bare-assed naked out on the gym floor, being weighed and photographed. I could
hear the occasional slap of a male hand on tender flesh. I was afraid to go out
there. Two teachers walked into the locker room and without a word dragged me
out onto the gym floor. And there in front of everybody, I got the bare-bottom
spanking of my life. It went on and on. And as I wriggled and cried, all the
other girls were screaming. Finally they let me get up and I was weighed and
photographed just like all the others.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
wish to state that I did not mean to break Mr. Harrington's nose and I am sorry
I did. Of course I would not struggle today like that, because I know better. I
know that a girl's only purpose in life is to serve her master faithfully, and
I hope that, as unworthy as I am, someone will choose me to be his slave.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
took out Mr. Davidson's memo and replaced it with what I had just written.

&nbsp;

That
evening I silently handed Dad the virginity form. He actually blushed, maybe I
did too a little, but I've been through too much at school. We went into my
bedroom and I got undressed. I remembered my lesson on Presenting and so I knew
how to lie on my back with my legs folded against my chest and wide apart;
that's the best way to let a boy look at everything. Of course I'm a virgin.
The teachers wouldn't let the boys even start to fuck us in AA class; if a boy
ever succeeded would have had to pay a huge fine to the owner of the girl, (her
father, usually). My father fingered me for quite a while before he consented
to sign the form.

&nbsp;

Saying
goodbye to my family Saturday morning was the really hard part.

I
had no way of knowing where my new owner would take me.

&nbsp;

There
were 37 of us girls waiting just offstage at the auction house, wondering whose
name would be called first. All of us had had our 14th birthday that week. The
auditorium was jammed with prospective bidders. The auctioneer rapped the
podium.

&nbsp;

&quot;Gentlemen,
we are about to start. You have all had ample opportunity to study the dossiers
of these young ladies. I will now draw the first name at random and call it
out. That young lady will come out onto the stage. And the first name
is...Fiona Weatherlake.&quot;

&nbsp;

My
heart pumping crazily, I step out onto the stage. And the auctioneer is looking
at me in total shock, and he says in a loud voice &quot;Christ, get your damn
clothes off, bitch!&quot; And then he walks over to where the other girls are
huddled, and he hollers out &quot;Who the hell is in charge here? Get these
whores naked!&quot; And some nerdy looking guy suddenly pops out and the girls
can see he's got a cattle prod and they all start stripping really fast. And
I'm getting my clothes off, too, right there on stage in front of everyone, but
I'm not fast enough for the auctioneer. I'm down to panties and bra and I'm
leaning down to unlace my shoes when he comes up behind me unexpectedly and
whacks me as hard as he can right across my butt with his pointer! Thirty
seconds later I'm buck naked and facing the audience.The auctioneer is ready to
start when someone in the audience calls out.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey,
let's see her stripe!&quot;

��������� 

So
the auctioneer makes a &quot;turn-around&quot; motion with his hand and I do,
and now the whole audience starts laughing, because they all can see a big red
wheal straight across my pure white butt cheeks. And then the auctioneer makes
me bend forward and put my hands on my thighs and spread my legs real good, and
I have to hold that position while I'm getting auctioned off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
we're about to start, but I need to remind you that under the law the first six
girls are reserved for bidders 17 years old and under. That is to ensure that
all our girls are not snapped up by older men. We want to give young studs a
fair chance. Now, Fiona here has an average figure, average grades in
domestics, but straight A's in Amatory Arts. Plus you can see she takes a
little discipline really well! (laughter). What young man will start her out at
500 Clintons?&quot;

&nbsp;

They
try to open them all at that level, but everyone wants a bargain. Finally he
has to start me at 100, and in slow bidding I'm finally bid up to 725 and
knocked down at that price. That is a real deal, I know. After the first six
are gone, the men will be bidding 2,000, maybe even 3,000 Clintons for the good
looking ones, or the behavior problems.

&nbsp;

I
am waved over to the payment table and get the first look at my new master. He
is very young, probably not older than I am, though I do not recognize him from
AA. He quietly tells me to dress as he pays, which is very nice of him. Lots of
masters would just drag me out into the street nude.

&nbsp;

Outside,
he walks me over to a waiting pedicab. When the driver sees a male approaching,
she assumes the position, hands clasped behind her neck, chest out. She is a
redhead. Her breasts are slightly asymmetrical, but her long muscular legs
curve nicely up to her shaved pussy. 

&nbsp;

My
new owner, James, gives her the address. She gets between the poles and fastens
the harness about her hips.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
pace do you desire, sir?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Slow
to moderate.&quot; he says, politely.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank
you, sir!&quot;

&nbsp;

And
we are off. James watches the muscles underneath her bare buttocks coil and
uncoil as she trots us away. Her hips swing slightly from side to side. Her
back is covered with small white scars from the whippings.

&nbsp;

&quot;Fiona,
we are going to the home of my family. We maintain a clothed household, except
at poolside. My father owns three slave girls, all from third world countries
for reasons of economy. He wishes to reserve them for his own use, and as I am
now 14, he gave me the money to buy you so that I would have a sexual companion
of my own. He says he will leave you entirely in my hands. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will do exactly what I tell you to do at all times. I am eager, and will be
using you heavily in the next few days. I do not wish to hear you complain
about soreness. I will be asking you to do things you may not want to do,
embarrassing things, even shocking things. Other times you may enjoy what we do
together. It is no concern of mine whether or not you enjoy, only that you
obey. My father has told me I am to discipline you however I may see fit, if it
is necessary. Are you sore from the blow you took on stage?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
very much.&quot; I shift uneasily on the bench seat.

&nbsp;

&quot;Then
when we get to the house, I will strip you and lay you face down and apply
lotion along the welt. Then I will place an absorbent pad underneath you and
turn you over.&quot;

&nbsp;

His
voice trails off. He wants me to think about what will happen. He will fuck me,
in any way he wants and as long as he wants. And if I do not please him in
every way, he will beat me. This is my new life.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  surrenderthepink


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





