BDSM Library - Overcuming Obsticles




Overcuming Obsticles
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Crime leads to more crime. And a young female attorney is faced with blackmail.







Overcuming Obsticles

 
  MyComputer
  Normal
   jim
  2
  74
  2006-01-30T15:28:00Z
  2006-01-30T15:28:00Z
  1
  3105
  17705
  DisOrganization
  147
  41
  20769
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Overcuming
Obsticles

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Life is
most rewarding when you can find enjoy a sense of accomplishment in overcoming
obstacles thrown into your path...

&nbsp;

hellbentforleatherr@yahoo.com

&nbsp;

It felt
like a dream.� She could see the road
stretching ahead in the beam of the headlights, and see her own gloved hands on
the steering wheel, but the scene was distant and surreal, as if she were
watching an actress play her part in a film. She was driving through the night
to meet a man, an enemy. Driving to meet him on a dark rural road, far from
anyone or anything. Alone. He was waiting for her, expecting her. He felt
confident and in control of the meeting and in control of her. He was a fool,
but that would be obvious soon enough. The car was warm and quiet, the little
turbocharged engine making a high pitched snarl because she had left the
shifter in D2, preventing it from shifting up into overdrive, keeping the revs
high. She did this intentionally. She liked that growling sound and the way the
car accelerated out of the turns. But the car�s pedigree prevented the engine
from forgetting its manners. The snarl was distant and controlled. More distant
and better controlled than her own. The snarling car, the leather seats
caressing her bum, the red lights in the gauges, and the expectation of the
meeting, especially it�s outcome, all of it she found erotic. She let it be
erotic. She wanted it to be. She had let it build until as she replayed the scenes
to be in her mind, until now her throat was dry and her erogenous zones
tingled. She was feeling sexy. She was feeling deadly.

&nbsp;

She was
going to drive away from this meeting a rich woman. For ten months she has been
arbitraging the hostile takeover of one manufacturing firm by another. It was
all big fish eating little fish so far as she was concerned. The thing that
just struck you was how incredibly rich it was making some of the officers of
the target company. In exchange for their cooperation and silence, they had
been allowed to sell short their company�s stock, long before the takeover
became public. She had seen this before, how the power set took care of
themselves first, she decided that this time she would have to see that she was
well taken car of herself. For six months now she had been skimming money out
of the accounts. Things all moved so quickly that the trades were difficult for
the companies� officers and for her legal firm to keep up with. The secrecy and
illegality were the icing on the cake. So after only six months hard work, she
had earned a hundred times what she might have earned in six years as an
attorney. A pretty young female attorney with tan skin and an slight Indian
accent who would never make partner with the old-boys-to-be that she worked
with. There was a black leather sports bag on the back seat, and it was filled
with barer bonds, negotiable anywhere. Especially negotiable in places where
the summer stayed and played all year long. After this meeting she would never
work another day in her life. There was just one more obstacle in her path.

&nbsp;

The
emails had started about six weeks ago. Someone knew, and they knew a lot. She
was being blackmailed. They wanted it all. In exchange of nothing more than an
unsecured promise of silence they wanted all the money. Her money. Her future.
They had explained carefully how to transfer the accounts into the bonds.
Actually it was a much better idea that wiring the funds to directly an
offshore bank as she had planned. That left a trail. These bonds were nearly
impossible to trace. All it meant was a visit to the bank in person. She would
simply fly to Switzerland and made the deposit herself! Then rent a nice room
and do some shushing in the Alps. She didn't own skis, nor have any good ski
clothes, but this simply wasn't a problem anymore. After all, she was rich;
very rich. There was only one more bump in the road.

&nbsp;

The
blackmailer had not wanted her followed, or traced, so he had rented a car for
her and left it at the airport, the key under the mat. It was when she had read
this that she began to breath again, to think again. She was more that willing
to commit murder. Murder to protect herself. Murder to conceal her crime.
Murder to preserve the lifestyle to which she was about to become accustomed
to. Buy how? The last thing she needed was the attention of police. The
embezzlement would remain undetected; must remain undetected. No one else was
involved was in a position to report it. Other crimes and misdemeanors could
only complicate things. But now she had everything well in hand. She had the
bonds, thanks to him. She had a car that could not be traced to her, thanks to
him. She also had a gun. But she wouldn�t use it; not if she could avoid it.
Too easily traced. She had another weapon, a better weapon. One that offered
the promise more personal satisfaction to the user.

&nbsp;

What she
had in mind would leave a lot of evidence behind, a real mess for somebody. But
none of it could lead to her. Her blackmailer had been careless, or more likely
simply arrogant. She had setup another dummy account and then watched while he
pawed through it. His system-id was the only one to query the records. The
blackmailer was one of the officers on the target firm. He was 48, divorced,
childless, and fancied himself a man about town. All the money he�d gotten from
the agreement thus far had already gone up his nose, and now he wanted more. At
first it made no sense. Why risk it all? More money was coming when the deal
went public. She studied her blackmailer. She learned that he had been stupid,
or careless, likely both. He had led the police to a dug buy. They arrested the
mule, got the drugs and the money. None of this had hit the papers and now it
looked as though the man was going to give evidence. The drug dealer had
threatened to kill him. There were rumors that there was already a contact out
on him. When the police found the body, the motive would seem simple enough.

&nbsp;

She was
driving the rental, a dark blue Audi A4. And as rentals go it was a really nice,
with a CD player and tan leather seats. It still smelled new. And it was an
inconspicuous car, and she was dressed to match, wearing a wool blazer,
matching skirt, white blouse, and black pumps with medium heels. She looked
like any professional woman driving a professional woman�s car. 

&nbsp;

She saw the road sign in the headlights and braking hard,
turned right onto a narrow lane-and-a-half rural road. She flipped on the high
beams and driving lights, and turned down the radio. Only six or seven
kilometers to go. The old road was slow going, pitted and potholed; it twisted
up, down, and around hills and made unexpected sharp turns to follow old
properly lines. The barn loomed suddenly out of the darkness and she had to
brake hard to turn into the drive. But instead of dropping off the bag and
driving away as instructed, she just sat there with all six halogen lights
blazing down the gravel path. After a moment he came out and approached the
car, one hand shielding his eyes and one in his coat pocket. A gun! She had
expected as much.

&nbsp;

�Leave
the damn bag and get out of here!� He shouted.

&nbsp;

She
rolled the window down an inch.� �It�s
not that simple. How do I know you�ll keep your word? Or that you won�t just
kill me here?� 

&nbsp;

He seemed
nervous, edgy. �Well I guess you just have to trust me&quot; he hissed,
&quot;You don�t have a choice! Now hand over the bonds and go!� he barked.

&nbsp;

�No...
It�s not quite that simple, you see. I don�t trust you.� So I don�t have the bonds, not here with me.
They're in a safe place, a public place. We�re going and get them. In a public
place. Then you can have both the bonds and the car.�

&nbsp;

He
pondered the turn of events for a moment. �Fucking Bitch!� he
shouted! �Move over!�

&nbsp;

�No
you don't! I�ll be doing the driving tonight� she shot back! �You won�t
be as anxious to shoot me while I�m flying down the motorway at 100
kilometers!� 

&nbsp;

The man
glared at her, trying to decide what to do. She leaned over and popped open the
left door. At that, he ran around the car, through the glare of the headlights
and climbed into the passenger�s seat. The lights had blinded him, as she
hoped, and he was quite obviously straining to see around the car.�

&nbsp;

�What�s
this back here!� he snapped, and leaned back to inspect the sports bag.
There was a strange snapping sound. He turned back suddenly and sat down. He
was trying to understand the source of the unspeakable pain. He turned to see
her holding a Tazer. The 50,000 volt charge had paralyzed his upper body,
leaving him in too much pain even to speak. He looked up into her face and she
looked back. He realized suddenly that she was quite attractive. Part of him
found it strange that he would notice this now, but he did. She was petite,
small and trim with small hands. She had jet black hair, cut mid length and styled
to frame very pretty brown face with attractive lips and a cute little nose.
But it was her eyes that drew him in. Her eyes were dark pools. He was looking
directly into those eyes, to the point of feeling self conscious. He wanted to
say something, strike out, and wipe that smug expression off of her face, but
his body wouldn't obey his wishes. He was ringing with pain, and fear about his
heart! But unable to do anything about it except to sit here and look into this
woman's eyes. 

&nbsp;

�You
see, like I tried to tell you, it�s not quite that simple�. Her voice
sounded confident and with an intriguing accent. She smiled sweetly and leaned
closer as if to whisper something, but instead pushed the Tazer down into his
crotch. Then with an impish grin, she hit him with another jolt. SSSSSNNNNAP!
He cried out and doubled over and rolling his head on the dashboard. She
reached into his jacket and withdrew the revolver. She held it up and
brandished the Tazer. 

&nbsp;

�Any
more toys?� she demanded.

&nbsp;

He
cowered back, leaning on the door. �No!� he gasped, �No more, just
that.� 

&nbsp;

�Hey,
... hey you� He
rolled his head to face her again. �Does it hurt?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
he gasped out, &quot;it hurts&quot;. 

&nbsp;

She gave
him a smile that would make him melt him under other circumstances. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So
it hurts then, but does it hurt a lot?&quot; she asked, and licked her
teeth.

&nbsp;

�&quot;.....yes&quot;. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do
you want me to do it again?&quot; .... 

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
please... I won't be any trouble... don't shock me, my heart is weak, I might
give a heart attack.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you frightened? ... Are you frightened of me&quot;?

&nbsp;

At this
he looked into her eyes again and it struck him that see appeared to be
aroused. Her pupils looked dilated, even larger than before, bottomless black
pools. The smile was broader and more eager than ever. She licked her lips. He
was very frightened. His gut tightened as now the Tazer had stopped its
camera-flash whine and was recharged.

&nbsp;

&quot;Do
you want to know what I'm thinking about right now...? I'm thinking about
shocking you again, just to be a bitch, ... see this light? ... its already
recharged and ready to go.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
God, no.... please....&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;you�re
going to be sorry you got in my way...because now I�m going to run you over
like a squirrel.� Are you sorry you got
in my way?&quot; she asked. No answer. &quot;Ready for another jolt, old
man?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
no, don't... please don't.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Then
you'd better answer me... are you sorry you got in my way?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;yes...
yes, I'm sorry I messed with you. I really am, I really really am.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
won, didn't I? I beat you at your own game, didn't I? Say it old man, say I
beat you!&quot; 

&nbsp;

....
&quot;you beat me....yes, you beat me... you are better&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn
right I'm better. You're a pig! You're a fucking pig and you deserve
this!&quot; &quot;Ready for another jolt? Hmm?&quot;� No answer. SNNNAPPPP!. &quot;Wow, that
does look painful...(subdued laugh)� but
that's nothing, just you wait and see what comes next...&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She
backed the car out of the drive and onto the narrow road. Still in reverse, she
jammed her foot on the brake petal to hold the car, and reaching over the man,
opening the door. She sat up and gave him a shove. �Like I said,&quot;
she grunted, &quot;I�ll be doing the driving tonight.� The man rolled
out of the car like a sack of potatoes; his head hitting the pavement with a
slap. His just lay there in a twitching gasping heap on the pavement, but with
his feet still stretching up into the car. She eased her foot off the brake and
let the car creep back, watching him paw and struggle futilely while the
passenger door-sill sort of bulldozed him under. The sounds of the motor and
the exhaust sounded strange through the open door.� She maintained pressure on the brake, making
the car creep back in halting steps while the bulk of him twisted and scraped
and reluctantly disappeared beneath the passenger door, the legs and feet
following closely behind.� She pressed
down hard the brake petal, reached over and pulled the door shut, and then
pressed the electric locks. The outside sounds diminished and the click of the
locks made her feel safe. He was locked out. She liked it. Then she did
something impulsive; it came as a surprise to her. She gave the steering wheel
a full turn to the right. Licking her dry lips, she lifted her foot off the
brake and just let the car go on its own. The car rocked as the left front type
ran up and over something, there were distinct movements: up, pause, and then
down with a soft thump. She though it a bit like driving slowly through a bit
pothole. But it wasn't a pothole. Potholes don't cry out when you drive over
them. Earlier she had wondered if she would be able to go through with it. She
was pleased with herself.

&nbsp;

She
backed up more quickly, the gearbox making the classic whirr, she looking
through the windscreen rather than back. The man appeared in the bright lights.
She backed a little further and then braked to a gentle stop. She looked across
the familiar red gauges and down familar sloping bonnet, all the familiar
juxtaposed against the surreal image of a body lying in road in front of her
car. Part of her took note that she should feel concern for someone in such a
position.� She moved the shifter into
drive; the car shuddered. He was on his lying on his side and facing her, still
suffering from the Tazer but now� also
interested in his left leg, which he was probing gently with an outstretched
hand. Soon he was aware that the car had stopped and turned to look in her
direction, squinting into the bright lights and no doubt trying to deny the
terrible things he was thinking. She looked at him through the windscreen and
marveled at how pathetically vulnerable he looked. I�ll bet he is sorry he
got in my way, she though. Too bad for him. Now the fun part. Her
heart was pounding and her groin tingling. She was going to crush him! Wipe him
out! Completely! And without a doubt, he knew it. She took one gloved hand off
of the steering wheel and unbuttoned her blouse. She was no brazier. She ran
her finger around a nipple. The hand went to the radio, put the CD in and
turning up the volume. The Rolling Stones: Shattered. Then the hand raised her
skirt and found the opening in her panty hose. She was a surprised at the
amount of vaginal fluid. She was really wet! She raced the car�s motor for him
to hear, her foot firmly on the brake. The car snarled and twisted one, two,
three times.� Why was this so sexual? She
pondered it once again. Because she was first terrified of him? then hated him?
and now she had defeated him? Perhaps that was why. Was this some primal
hunter�s instinct? Or, a warrior�s perhaps. In any case, it was completely intoxicating.
She covered the accelerator petal with her foot and felt it�s resistance
through her shoe. Then she floored it! The car shot forward, covering the
distance to the man in a only few seconds, the six halogen beams illuminating
his growing form in a white glare. Eyes wide open, he held arm out to fend the
charging beast off. His mouth opened in a scream but Nick Jagger drowned it
out. He disappeared from sight below the line of the bonnet an instant before
she struck him. There was less of a shock than she expected. She was braced
against the wheel, but the car only shuddered and bumped as the front tyres ran
over him. She felt the car rise up and heard a muffled thump. She waited with
anticipation for the back tyres to run over him, but there was a delay. Then,
too late it seemed, the back to the car bounced over him.

&nbsp;

She
stopped and her hand returned to her skirt. She continued to run her gloved
finger in a slow circle around her clitoris while looking in the rearview
mirror. There was a dark shape in the road behind her, illuminated by the red
glow of the brake lights. It was much closer than she�d expected. Then she
understood the delay. She had dragged him under her car for about 20 meters
before he went under the back tyres. Good! Fuck you! Fuck you bastard!
She grinned.

&nbsp;

She took
her hand out of her skirt and slipped the gearshift into neutral and then
reverse, the car giving a shudder in response to each. The road behind her lit
up in the white lume of the reversing lights. In the white light she could make
out the colour of his coat and see the gleam of his shoes. The hand went to the
volume control, turned it down, then back to her skirt. She watched for
movement, for signs of breathing, but nothing was visible. She�d been afraid 

that the
experience would be too gross, and that she would have trouble with this part;
the critical making sure part. But now she felt quite the opposite. She was
disappointed in him. This was too quick. He deserved more. It's not like she
was going to get out of the car and check, but she hoped he was still alive. 

&nbsp;

She
turned in the seat and looked back, as any safe driver would when backing. Her
foot left the brake for the gas and pressed the petal lightly. The car started
back with the gears whirring. Just he disappeared from view behind the boot she
slowed. She let the car creep back until the tyres found him. She pushed her
foot down just a little, the motor revved and the back of the car rose up
gently. She braked to a stop and just sat there, listing to the motor purring.
She felt a distance from him emotionally, no pity, no remorse whatsoever. She
gave herself a string of quiet orgasms with him under the back tyres. She sat
in the afterglow for a moment or two, the decided she was ready to go.
Remembering that he had gotten stuck and dragged before, pressed the gas petal
sharply. The car dropped off him with a bump and whirred back. After some
seconds he had still not appeared. She stopped. Stuck again. She winced at the
image, but still she found it morbidly thrilling. He deserved everything he was
getting. She tromped the gas and the car shot back. After a few meters he came
free and she could feel the car bouncing and shuddering over him. She could
tell when she was going over him, not just under the car, but going under her,
right under the drivers seat. Then the front tyres were spinning. She let off
the gas; the car found traction and climbed over the obstacle, dropping off
with a thump.

&nbsp;

She
stopped quickly, so that the body wouldn�t appear suddenly in the lights. She
was sure it was a terrible sight by now. She crept back until he was just
visible. Without really examining him, she located his head. There was blood
and something else, but she didn�t look. She just mentally marked its location.
Back to work. He must be absolutely dead. No hospital room interrogations could
be permitted. She turned the steering wheel sharply to the left so that she
could smash the head, the tyres making a harsh rasping sound as they twisted in
place. Radio up. Shifting to drive, she idled forward until the right front
tyre found the target and stopped. She pressed slowly down on the petal, the
motor hummed, and the car began ride up on the head, then drop gently as it was
crushed. She drove on ahead, straightening the wheels quickly to stay out of
the ditch. She stopped for a moment, with his lower body and legs sticking out
from under the driver�s door, as if he were repairing something. She lowered
the window, and smiling at the though that his head must be right under her
bottom. Then dropped his gun out. It landed in his crotch with a soft thud. She
touched the gas gently. The rear wheel rolled over him and right over the gun,
pressing the useless weapon, grinding deeply into his own. The back of the
bounced car up beneath her, stayed up for an instant, and then dropped her with
another bounce. She drove on without looking back.

&nbsp;

As she
approached the intersection with the first highway she looked at the clock. It
was nearly two am. She searched for American country music on the radio and
accelerated on the good road. It started to rain again. As headed for the
airport she made a mental list of what she would pack and what she would wear
on the plane.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hellbentforleatherr


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





