BDSM Library - Title: obeying the law




Title: obeying the law
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: about a man,getting mad at the wrong person







                                                Obeying the law

 
  Tim Stord
  Normal
   jim
  2
  19
  2006-02-01T19:43:00Z
  2006-02-01T19:43:00Z
  1
  852
  4861
  Home User
  40
  11
  5702
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








�����������������������������������������������
Obeying the law

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�About a man, getting mad at the wrong person

&nbsp;

F+/m:
spanking, toys, D/s, B/D, bondage, fantasy, humiliation, serious

&nbsp;

Tim- paddlem39@yahoo.com 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I was on my
way home, from a busy day at work and I was getting really mad at other drivers
because they were driving to slow. So when I passed this one women and gave her
the finger, she didn�t look to happy, then the siren came on and I started
swearing knowing it was a cop. I pulled over and she came up to the window and
asked if I knew why I was being pulled over, well I was so pissed off I told
her because she was driving to slow. She then said give me your license and
registration. She went back to her car for awhile then returned (but she had no
ticket). She told me she wasn�t going to give me a ticket but I had to follow
her unless I wanted the ticket. I said no and said I would follow her. I
followed her to a building that looked run down. As we got out I asked her what
was up, she told me to shut up and come with her. When we walk though the door
two other women grabbed me and handcuffed me. I said let me go and they started
laughing, that�s when I knew I was I trouble, they pulled in another room.
There were benches, rope and a chair. One of the women took me over to the
chair and started pulling down my pants, I said knock it off bitch and she said
you really are going to get it now bob. The other women watched as she took
down my pants and underwear. She then threw me over her knee, and started
spanking me(smack) telling me that I was a bad boy for speeding (smack) and for
calling her a bitch,(smack, smack, smack) she continued spanking (smack) me
until I started to squirm. I felt so humiliated being spanked like a child
(smack) over this woman�s lap (smack) and it really started to hurt. The other
women wanted a turn, so she let me up and I was draped over another woman�s
lap. (Smack, smack, smack) I started to struggle and she then asked for a hairbrush
and said you are a very naughty boy who will be real sorry in a minute for
struggling. She raised the hairbrush high and (smack, smack) started to spank
me hard, I started (smack) to call (smack) them all bitches and (smack) to let
me go. Then I said (smack) I was sorry (smack) for speeding (smack) and calling
them bitches, but the hairbrush (smack, smack, smack) kept on landing. The
police officer (smack) informed me (smack) that I was here to be disciplined
(smack) and whatever else they wanted to do to me. (Smack) I started to beg but
they just laughed. By now my bottom was very soundly spanked. She let me up and
they ripped my clothes off, then took me over to the bench and tied me over it.
(Saying that they were not though with spanking me). Then the police officer
said it�s my turn now, she proceeded to pick up a paddle and spank me very
hard. (Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack) I started to scream and they put a
gag over my mouth. She paddled me for about 10 minutes. She then put the paddle
down and started pinching my nipples hard (hmmmmm.) saying ( we know how to
take care of bad little boys). I was trying to get free (hmmmmmmm) but it was
no use. The other women came over wearing dildos, saying let us have some fun
too. One got in front of me the other in front of my very sore bottom. Then I
felt something cold on my anus. The police officer said get ready for that
spanked bottom of your to be fucked hard. I could not believe this was
happening. (hmmmmm) the women in the front took my gag off and stuffed the
dildo in and started fucking my mouth. (hmmmmm) The other women started easing
in the dildo in my ass. I tried to get free but could not. (hmmmmm) the dildo
went it to the hilt and she then started pumping harder, I was being fucked in
the ass and mouth at the same time, they all were laughing saying look at this
naughty little boy, he got spanked and now fucked. I was squirming but to no
avail. She started pumping real fast in my ass. Taking it out all the way out
then slamming it back in against my spanked bottom over and over again. She
kept on saying I liked getting fucked in the ass and mouth and wish a guy was
fucking me. they must have fucked me for about 1 hr. Then suddenly they pulled
out of my ass and mouth. I thought they were going to let me go but she then
replaced the dildo with a butt plug. They then untied me and told me to stay
there or the police women would shoot me if I tried to escape. The police women
then told me to get over her knee like a naughty little boy that I am for
another spanking. I begged and said I will be a good boy. (Get over here now
she said). As I walk over to her the other two women followed saying look at
his plug. �She looked me in the eye and
placed me over her knee. She slowing pulled the plug out and said, that she was
spanking me again (smack) because she thought I hadn�t (smack) learned my
lesson. (smack, smack, smack, smack,) her hand really hurt, (smack) so I
started to beg (smack) saying I was theirs, and I would be a very good boy
(smack, smack) she said you are ours (smack) and I know your going to be a good
boy (smack), then all of a sudden I started to cry, real tears,(smack, smack,
smack) �and then she stopped spanking me
and said you finally have learned your lesson young man. (I lay over her lap
sobbing, knowing I did need this spanking) yes Ma,am. Her friend said another
satisfied customer Susan, and laughed. She let me up and told me to get in the
corner and don�t move. I stayed there for an hour then turned around and they
were gone. I will never forget Susan and hope I get stop by her again someday.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����� THE END







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





