BDSM Library - The story of my submission




The story of my submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the true story of how I submitted to my Mistress.







The Story of my Submission

 
  Thomas J�lch
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-02-03T01:21:00Z
  2006-02-03T01:21:00Z
  1
  3123
  17802
  Universit�t Heidelberg
  148
  41
  20884
  10.2625
 

 
  21
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The Story of my Submission

&nbsp;

Hello, this is Lisa. I am 26 years old and I
would like to share the story of my submission with you. I have been authorised
by my Mistress to write and to publish this story. Every word is true, and the
email addresses I will state in the end are also real.

&nbsp;

To begin with I would like to say that I am
actually lesbian. It is true that my first sexual experiences, which occurred
during my school time when I was about 15 years old, were with men. But that
never satisfied me. In fact I tried it with many men, but I found that all of
them just wanted to use my holes to dumb their cum into them. It was the same
with all men of all ages. Since I am by nature a rather submissive type of
person, I usually allowed them to have their go with me. However none of them
was ever able to get even the slightest glimpse of how sexuality works from the
female point of view. I frequently discussed my worries with Sandra, my best
friend. She really understood me on the deepest, most intimate level. She
understood that what I needed was not just some quick intrusion between the
legs, but rather a level of sexuality stimulating mind and soul and
articulating a feeling which actually deserves to be called �LOVE�. In fact
whenever I chatted with Sandra about my unfortunate sexual experiences and when
I felt how intimately understanding she was, I had no greater wish than
enjoying tenderness with her. However I never dared to reveal my wishes. I
thought it was an absolute taboo topic. I was afraid I might lose her if I came
up with it. However it seems she just read it in my eyes. One day when we were
sitting together again, she suddenly just started kissing me. She gave me the
most intensive and passionate tongue kiss I had ever experienced. Then she just
hugged me and held me tight. Tenderly she whispered into my ear: �You can live
out your feelings with me. I love you, Lisa!�. I was in heaven. Her kiss had
touched something deep inside me. Sandra was inundating me with feelings I had
never felt before. On that evening I made love to a woman for the first time.
The sensations I had were beyond anything which could ever be described in
words. From then onwards we made love to each other almost every day. And we
enjoyed it to the utmost. However, as years passed by, I felt that there was an
emotion hidden deep inside me, which Sandra never recognised. It was my
submissiveness. First it was just a rather undefined feeling which came to my
mind only from time to time. However at the age of 19 I realised that more and
more it became a passion winning power over me. I told Sandra that in order to
fully develop my love to her I would need to place her above myself and submit
to her. Sandra could not understand that. She said she respected me too much to
do nasty things to me. Meanwhile my submissive passion and my wish to be
trained by a truly dominant woman grew stronger and stronger. Since Sandra
really understood me on a deep level she knew that she was no more able to give
me what my heart was longing for. So with Sandra�s agreement I went to SM-clubs
to look for my Mistress. It had to be someone who would love and understand me
as Sandra did, who would however see that the only way to love me was to
dominate me. After I had kissed the feet of many Mistresses with whom things
did not work out, I finally found Mrs. Right. It is my beloved Mistress whom I
am serving until today and whom I will hopefully serve to the end of my days.
Her name is Mistress Karina. With Her, things were different from the very
beginning. When I met Her for the first time � it was on a private lesbian
SM-party �, there immediately was some kind of magic between us. When my eyes
met Her strict gaze, and when I saw the sublime and superior posture
underlining the stunning beauty of Her immaculate body, I immediately wanted to
submit to Her. Her gaze in turn was fixated upon me, suggesting that I was of
interest to Her. I was just able to feel that She wanted me. So without
speaking I simply knelt down in front of Her. From that day onwards I am having
the honour of regarding myself as Her slave. I became a slave sister to Tina,
being the other slave my Mistress calls Her own. I moved to my Mistress�s
estate, a spacious and elegantly furnished mansion on the countryside close to
Heidelberg, where I, together with Tina, am serving all my Mistress�s needs.
From the very beginning my Mistress understood exactly what I needed. She saw
that in my soul there was a submissive potential which had to be formed. And
She did form it. Through Her training She guided me where I had always wanted
to be. The stronger my trust in Her became the more did I want to serve Her. At
the beginning of my submission the focus of my Mistress�s training was on
making me drink Her golden nectar, which I enjoyed to the utmost. It usually
began with my Mistress ordering me to worship Her vagina with my tongue. When
my Mistress felt stimulated to exude Her golden nectar into me, I instinctively
confined my lips around Her vagina trying to catch as much of the precious
liquid as I possibly could. After the nectar flow had subsided I passionately
lapped up from the ground whatever I had spilled. I was so anxious not to waste
even the smallest bit of my Mistress�s gift that I took up drops that had been
spilled on my face or breasts with the tip of my finger and brought them into
my mouth as well. On a regular basis I was also ordered to drink Tina�s golden
nectar for my Mistress�s enjoyment. After I had been trained to perfectly serve
as a receptacle for bodily liquids with great submissive passion, my Mistress
took things one step further. My Mistress�s throne was constructed in such a
way that the seat could be taken down. Underneath the seat there was an opening
under which there was an empty space just big enough for me to get my head
into. When my head was in position my nose was just looking out of the opening.
So when my Mistress sat down on Her thus prepared throne, Her weight was mainly
supported by the construction. However since Her buttocks lowered into the
opening, they firmly rested on my face with the anal opening positioned right
above my mouth. Having assumed this position my Mistress pointed out to me that
after having learned how to properly service Her vagina I was now to learn how
to service Her anus. This transcended anything I had ever thought of even in my
wildest fantasies. However it seemed to me that my Mistress knew exactly what
was going on in my mind. She knew that in order to become acquainted with this
level of submission I had to overcome enormous obstacles. But since She
understands my innermost nature better than I ever did myself, She saw that if
She made me overcome these obstacles, I would love Her all the more for that.
Reading my soul like an open book She understood that basically my submissive
potential was so strong that I could be lead to enjoy a number of things which
I at present still found disgusting. She saw Herself as a door opener. Tearing
down my obstacles one after the other She was able to push me into higher and
higher realms of the heavens of submissive passion. It was on this background
that She started training me in worshipping Her anus. As She was sitting on Her
throne with Her backside lowered on my face, She ordered me to spread Her
buttocks so that Her divine anal opening was revealed and accessible to my
tongue. Next I was ordered to worship Her anus with my tongue. It was anything
but easy for me to do this. However as I followed Her various specifications of
how my tongue was to massage Her anus, I could hear Her moan with pleasure. As
I heard this, I began to love what I did. I was overwhelmed with joy that I was
able to serve my Mistress in a way pleasing Her as much as Her moans suggested
it did. From session to session I felt more in love with this practice.
Passionately my tongue stimulated my Mistress�s anus first from the outside.
When through the stimulation Her sphincter had widened, I pressed my tongue
inside passionately caressing Her anus inwardly. The more often I was allowed
to serve my Mistress in that way, the more I grew addicted to worshipping my
Mistress�s anus. One day, when my Mistress felt I was ready and actually really
craving for it, She had a special gift for me. When my tongue was again
worshipping Her anus, Her rectal heaven�s gate slowly opened and a portion of
my Mistress�s fragrant brown cream came out of it. I did not have to be told
what to do with it. I regarded it as the most precious gift I had received from
my Mistress until then. I confined my mouth around Her anal opening and
gratefully savoured all of the delicious cream my Mistress was inclined to
share with me. That had been a totally new experience for me. It was mind
blowing � not to be compared to anything I had experienced until then. My
Mistress had opened the door to the next higher realm in the heavens of
submission for me. Now I longed to enjoy the fruits of this realm as frequently
as possible. Knowing how much I was addicted to it, my Mistress generously
reserved half of Her brown cream for me. The other half was reserved for Tina.
To Her additional enjoyment my Mistress from time to time also ordered Tina to
fill my toilet mouth with her brown cream. I understand that viewing this was a
particular turn on for Her, as She frequently masturbated when She was watching
us. After I was trained to serve as a perfect receptacle for brown cream, my
Mistress had the next thing in mind for me: I was to be made sexually available
to men. When my Mistress announced this for the first time I was devastated. I
never put into question that I would always trustfully carry out whatever my
Mistress ordered me. And in fact, always when I had obstacles against what my
Mistress had in mind for me I ended up quite happy that I allowed for these
obstacles to be torn down. However despite this I had always hoped that my
Mistress would respect my taboo of not having sexual intercourse with men, and
that She would keep me as a lesbian slave girl. But undepending what these
first thoughts of mine may have been, it once more turned out that my Mistress
understood my submissive potential better then I did myself. In fact there was
just a new door which my Mistress was about to open for me. Again my Mistress
introduced me slowly into this new level of submission giving me the chance of
getting acquainted with it step by step. First my Mistress invited one of Her
closest friends, Mistress Sabrina, to Her mansion. Mistress Sabrina brought Her
slave, Ronald, with Her. After my Mistress and Mistress Sabrina had enjoyed a
convenient chat with each other, we went to the �play room�. Both Mistresses
sat on the throne together which was easily spacious enough for that. Then
Robert was instructed to carry out sexual intercourse with me for both
Mistresses� amusement. As I was being penetrated I observed how both Mistresses
masturbated as they watched us. Before long my Mistress ordered Tina before the
throne and made Her lick Her vagina. Mistress Sabrina took a vibrator out of
Her bag with which She penetrated Herself. Viewing my and Robert�s sexual
intercourse aroused both Mistress�s that much that soon the entire room was
filled with their screams of orgasm. I had never seen my Mistress like this. In
fact I had never seen anybody like this. I had frequently licked my Mistress to
wild orgasms. But this time the fountain of Her ejaculation was that extreme
that Tina as she was licking my Mistress was not even able to catch half of it.
Much of the orgasmic liquids my Mistress exuded, squirted down onto my body as
it was penetrated by Robert directly in front of the throne. When I observed
this I initially understood what it was that brought the two Mistress�s to such
an ecstasy. It was not all too special to observe a couple enjoying sexual
intercourse. What made this incident special was that here a strictly lesbian
girl was forced to have sexual intercourse with a man. I now understood that
this must have been extraordinarily stimulating to my Mistress�s dominant
passion. This gave Her ultimate power over my sexuality. At the same time I
knew that my submission to my Mistress would never have been complete if I had
insisted on my proudly cultivated lesbian disposition, which unacceptably
restricted the power my Mistress was able to exercise over me. Thus, my sexual
intercourse with Robert was a symbol, a symbol that I had given myself into my
Mistress�s hands totally and unconditionally. In fact it was not Robert who
penetrated me. I was being penetrated by my Mistress who had chosen Robert as
Her tool of penetration. With this understanding in mind, I began to love what
I did. I had no greater wish than delivering myself to my Mistress with all my
heart and all my soul. Since by now I recognised that my lesbian reservations had
been the major impediment to this what I am longing for, I started to develop
the wish that in the future my Mistress would frequently have me penetrated by
men to further and further break down my personal preferences and to strengthen
Her power over me. It seems that this was my Mistress�s vision for my future,
too. The arrangement with Robert was my Mistress�s way of
granting me a slow and merciful introduction. My Mistress had chosen Her
friend�s slave as my first �lover�, since he was controllable, and could be
instructed how exactly he had to penetrate me. After my Mistress had observed
that the act had served well to tear down my obstacles, She started the real
thing on me. Before long I found myself being penetrated in front of the throne
again. At this time my Mistress had however not chosen a slave, but a dominant
man to be my sexual partner. His name was Master Ronald. In fact he was one of
my Mistress�s old friends, one of those people together with whom my Mistress
had already dominated innumerable slaves � mainly on private SM-parties that
took place in either Her own mansion or in the habitation of other members of
the circle. As my Mistress had the kindness to let me know, Master Ronald was
one of Her most intimate friends, meaning that on several occasions my Mistress
had granted him the honour of letting him make love to Her. Thus my Mistress
knew of Master Ronald�s gigantic member which had the unbelievable size of 25
cm, and She was very well aware what this organ could do to a woman. It goes
without saying that when Master Ronald was given the honour of making love to
my Mistress he used his sexual potential exactly following Her instructions. In
case of me, my Mistress however gave him the freedom for relentless penetration
to his full satisfaction in which ever way he liked best. On diverse SM-parties
my Mistress had already observed Master Ronald brutally penetrating numberless
slave girls. So this was just the right man to drive out any lesbian pride and
reservations against sexual intercourse with men that I may still have
cherished in my mind. When I was fully exposed lying on my back in front of the
throne, Master Ronald first stood over my head, bent down to grab and drag up
my head, held it fixated in his two hands in the height of his pelvis and inserted
his fully erected 25 cm member into my mouth. Thrust after thrust he forced it
down into my throat. He made me gag on it to such an extent that tears came
into my eyes. The position he chose gave him total power over me. My head was
hanging in his hands unsupported by my own body. So adding to the motion of his
pelvis he was able to press my head against his body at each thrust. That way
he ensured that his gigantic member fully and relentlessly entered me. Before
long he shot his first load into my body. His second load erupted when he was
brutally penetrating me vaginally. As my head was again on the ground I was
able to look up to the throne where I saw that my Mistress was pleasing Herself
with a vibrator. Tina was on this occasion not chosen to worship my Mistress�s
vagina. So she was just kneeling next to the throne. After Master Ronald was
finished with my vaginal orifice something happened, which I had not expected.
He made me change position and get on all fours. While I thought He just wanted
to take me from behind, to my dismay it turned out that it was not just that.
Unexpectedly and with brutal force he drove his gigantic member into my anus
making me suffer incredible agony. Not that my anus had never been penetrated �
among those men who took advantage of me before Lisa converted me to
lesbianhood, many insisted on taking me anally. However their members were all
significantly smaller than Master Ronald�s tremendous organ. When my Mistress saw
me being taken anally by Master Ronald and when She observed the pain I was
willing to take for Her pleasure I could hear Her moans intensify. But yet,
before long I noticed a break when She suddenly rose from the throne to remove
the seat from it. Without she needed to be told, Tina immediately got into
position with her face under the throne so that my Mistress was able to place
Her anus on Tina�s mouth. As I was being penetrated directly in front of the
throne, Tina had to place most of her body under mine, with legs stretched out
to both sides, to have sufficient room for assuming position. I understood that
my Mistress demanded additional stimulation because She wanted to enjoy my
current ordeal to the utmost. Master Ronald kept penetrating my anus with
relentless force for another ten minutes. The pain it caused me was so intense
that tears were running over my cheeks. At the same time I heard my Mistress
screaming with pleasure at the top of Her lungs. I knew Tina, expertly applying
her tongue, was worshipping my Mistress�s anus, eagerly making use of her refined
skills of anal worship. Meanwhile, with my face no more than one metre away
from my Mistress�s lap, I was able to behold how She stimulated Her divine
vagina with the vibrator. I observed that the view of me being anally
penetrated caused Her to move the vibrator with steadily increasing speed and
intensity. The screams She made in Her total ecstasy seemed unreal and like
messages from another world of incomprehensible joy. Finally taking the
vibrator out of Her divine vagina She gave a cry that was literally tearing the
skies. Her vagina exploded into an ejaculation shooting a tremendous fountain
of Her innermost essence directly into my face. I opened my mouth as wide as
possible to get as much of Her precious gift as I somehow could. Much of what I
could not catch landed on my cheeks where it mingled with my tears that were
still wetting them. Much also landed on Tina�s body from where I eagerly lapped
it up. Despite the incredible pain it meant for me, as I witnessed how much my
ordeal pleased my Mistress, my wish to serve and to please Her in that way
became predominant over any other emotions there may have been in my mind. My
Mistress could feel that I was now totally Her�s � with body, mind and soul.
From now onwards She frequently invited dominant men who all treated me in much
the same way as Master Ronald had done. I think that way I got to know all
Masters being members of my Misstress�s SM-circle. My Mistress also organised
SM-parties on which I was now serving as the main attraction. This did not only
mean that all my orifices were available to be penetrated by all Mistresses and
Masters, it also meant that both female and male dominants were invited to make
use of my toilet services. Thus many dominant women and men enjoyed feeding me
with their golden liquid or brown cream. All of this happened under the eyes of
my Mistress who tremendously enjoyed my taboo free servitude. 

&nbsp;

If readers of this story should feel interested
in using me, they may contact my Mistress. She is quite open minded about
making me available to new people, if they appear sympathetic to Her. My
Mistress�s email-address is: the_goddess_of_hellfire@yahoo.de . If there is
something you would like to share with myself you may write to:
threehole_bitch@yahoo.de . Please be aware that I am not in the position to choose
my own sexual partners. So if you hope to be chosen for sexual interaction with
me, please write to my Mistress directly. As my Mistress does enjoy seeing me
involved in humiliating and painful sexual activities, especially brutal men
with particularly big members are encouraged to apply. Within the scope of
possibilities mentioned in the account I gave, such men are normally given the
opportunity to live out their desires to the fullest. However it needs to be
stressed that it all happens under the eyes and under the control of my
Mistress. This is both for Her satisfaction and for my protection. Whether or
not my Mistress chooses to get actively involved, depends on how far Her
personal sympathies for the applicant go.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slave Lisa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





