BDSM Library - Auctioned Wives




Auctioned Wives
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Housewives are selected and auctioned off to become participants for a new reality tv show of the future.







Cindy had butterflies in her stomach as she waited for her ride that
would take her away from her husband and her home for the

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-02-20T22:55:00Z
  2006-02-20T22:55:00Z
  1
  10023
  57134
   
  476
  134
  67023
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Cindy had butterflies in her stomach as she waited for her ride that
would take her away from her husband and her home for the next several weeks.
She stood in front of the living room window wishing that she had never agreed
to doing this silly thing in the first place.

Gary walked inside from the backyard and walked up behind his wife and said.
&quot;Honey. Are you sure you want to go through all this? We can always give
the money back they gave us and call it all off.&quot;

Cindy turned and grabbed her husband's arm and leaned over and gave him a kiss
and said. &quot;Gary. We already spent most of the money on a new truck and we
signed the contract and I'm afraid they would take legal action if I backed out
now.&quot;

Before they could discuss the matter any further, the limo pulled into the
driveway and Cindy turned to her husband and said. &quot;Honey. Make sure you
eat while I'm gone and I'll call you every day.&quot;

Gary gave his wife a hug and a long kiss than took her hand as they walked out
the front door to the waiting limo. The driver was holding the back door open
for her as they made their way out to the waiting car.

Gary kissed and hugged his wife for several minutes until the driver finally
said. &quot;We're going to have to be going here soon.&quot;

Cindy got into the back seat as Gary kissed his wife one more time and backed
away and said. &quot;I love you.&quot;

Cindy replied. &quot;Honey. I love you too and I'll call you as soon as I can
and let you know I'm all right.&quot;

The driver shut the door and got into the car and backed out of the driveway.
Cindy had rolled the window down and was waving at her husband as he watched
the car pull around the corner and got onto the main street.

Gary waited until the limo was completely out of his site before he turned and
walked back into the house. Gary walked directly over the kitchen counter and
took the contract they had signed and sat down at the table and began looking
it over for the hundredth time.

It all started several weeks ago when Cindy got laid off from her job at the
accounting firm after four years. She had heard about this opportunity from a
man that worked at the mall. Gary had remembered how Cindy had told him how the
man approached her with a clip board in his hand and said that they were
looking for certain type women to do a new reality show and that she was the
type they were looking to sign.

The man had told Cindy that they were going to pay twenty-five thousand dollars
if she was one of the lucky women they choose for their show. He explained to
Cindy that she had an opportunity too win up to three million dollars.

A week later, they got a phone call from their agency that said that Cindy had
been selected to participate and if she was interested than she would have to
sign the contract that day.

They were so excited that both Gary and Cindy made an appointment for them to
come out to the house that afternoon and everything was signed and sealed when
the presented a check for twenty-five thousand dollars.

They went out that day and bought a new pickup truck with most of the money and
the following week, Cindy was taken to their doctor and given a complete
physical.

Cindy had said they gave her the most complete physical she ever had and they
said that because of their insurance policy with the show that she could not
take any medication that wasn't prescribed by their doctor.

This included Cindy's birth control prescription which they exchanged for a
prescription that their doctor prescribed. They were also concerned with her
weight and said she was exactly the size they wanted her to be and wanted to
make sure she stayed on a strict diet to maintain that weight. 

They explained to Cindy that she would be involved in the project for the next
twelfth to sixteen weeks depending if she followed through every procedure that
she would be expected to do.

Gary was flickering through the pages at everything they made her sign and was
concerned with most with was the last page. It was very confusing to understand
and Gary had wished he had hired an attorney to look over the documents.

Gary focused on one particular page which seemed to detail the fact that Cindy
had to obey all of their rules and agree to any demand upon their request.
There was also a statement which went into detail that if a request was not
carried out on a timely matter that they had the right to detain Cindy until
any and all procedures were enacted and complete.

Toward the bottom of the last page, there was a note that was underlined that
stated that the contract was legal binding and transferrable to new ownership.

Gary scratched his head wondering exactly what that sentence meant as he leaned
back in his chair wondering how Cindy was doing at that moment.

Cindy had been driven from their Southwest Florida home just inside Tampa city
limits when the driver pulled the limo off the expressway ramp and into a
service station and stopped.

A tall woman with red hair was standing outside the limo and the driver opened
the door for her and she climbed into the back seat next to Cindy.

The woman extended her hand out to Cindy and said. &quot;My name is Cheryl and
I'll be your assistant for the first phase of our program. I'll need you to put
this blindfold over your eyes until we reach our secret location.&quot;

The driver got back into the car and Cindy could hear the tires squeal as they
pulled away. Cheryl seemed very nice as she reassured Cindy that everything was
fine and they would be at their secret location within a few minutes.

Cindy could feel the car making some sharp turns than a sound of a garage door
opening and the car moving again until a few seconds later, Cheryl said.
&quot;Cindy. We are here and you can take your blindfold off now.&quot;

Cindy stepped out of the car which had been driven into what appeared like an
underground parking garage. Cindy followed Cheryl toward an elevator than
waited as the door opened and a man was standing inside and smiled at them.

Cindy smiled in return as Cheryl introduced her to the man whose name was Jeff.
Jeff said he was in charge and they were going to go up to Cindy's room. Once the
elevator reached the desired floor, they stepped off and Jeff said.
&quot;Cindy. I'll see you later. Cheryl will take you to your room and give you
some details on how to prepare yourself for our first event.&quot;

Cheryl walked Cindy down a long hallway to one of the doorway's and knocked and
a few seconds later the door opened. A woman was standing their smiling as
Cheryl said. &quot;Hello Lisa. How is everything going so far, are you feeling
more relaxed than you did when I saw you earlier?&quot;

Lisa responded and said. &quot;Yes. I'm not as nervous as I was when we arrived
today.&quot;

Cheryl replied. &quot;Lisa. This is Cindy and she will be your new roommate and
you can show her where everything is located and explain everything I told you
when you had arrived. Cindy's dress and shoes are in the closet next to
yours.&quot;

Cindy walked in the room as Cheryl said. &quot;Cindy. We will be delivering
your lunch up here to your room and both of you ladies can eat than we'll have
a makeup artist come up and prepare you both for our first event this
evening.&quot;

Cheryl smiled at Cindy as she closed the door leaving the two women alone as
Lisa said. &quot;It's really nice to have someone here to talk to, and I was
getting upset being alone in here.&quot;

Cindy smiled and replied. &quot;I was very nervous myself and wondered when I
was going to meet someone else that signed up to do this reality thing.&quot;

Cindy went on to say. &quot;I've only been gone away from home for a couple
hours and already miss my husband.&quot;

Lisa smiled and said. &quot;What's your husband's name and how long have you
been married?&quot;

Cindy replied. &quot;His name is Gary and we've been married for four years
now. Are you married?&quot;

Lisa said. &quot;Yeah. My husband's name is Tim and we been married for almost
four years and I miss him too.&quot;

Cindy and Lisa talked while Lisa showed her the room and both women found out
that neither had any children and thought it was funny that both of them were
almost exactly the same size and age.

They were both twenty-seven years old, five-six in height and both had blonde
hair and both had similar figures. They laughed when they compared their sizes
and found out that they both took a 36D size bra.

They were served lunch which consisted of large salad's and after they had
eaten, they had been instructed to place their clothing into two bags which had
been marked with their names A note inside their bags said that they had to
take everything off including any jewelry they were wearing with the exception
of their wedding and engagement rings.

Both women were hesitant when they also read that their purses had to be
included with the other items and would be returned at the end of the program.

The ladies took their showers and dried their hair and put on the only garment
other than the dresses that were supplied to them. They were pink matching
satin halter chemises' which barely covered their ass cheeks.

The women were both measured for size during their exam's and the articles had
been carefully selected for them prior to their arrival.

Within the hour, a Spanish woman arrived who took their bags out of the room
and shortly there after, the makeup artist came in and carefully worked his
magic on the women. Lisa and Cindy were very attractive and really didn't need
to wear much makeup but this man seemed to be bringing out special highlights
in them that made them look sexy.

The women laughed when he finally finished with them and left the room because
they knew he was gay the way his mannerism had been.

The Spanish woman came back into the room and told them it was time for them to
get dressed and retrieved the dresses for them that had been hanging in the
closet.

The woman waited as the ladies slipped the chemises' off and started helping
Cindy with her dress first. Both dresses were pink in color and were made out
of polyester. Cindy thought the dress was ripped along the hem but the Spanish
woman said the dresses were called. &quot;Handkerchief dresses.&quot;

The dress left Cindy's arms bare and was low cut leaving her breasts exposed
almost down to her nipples plunging down and lifting them at the same time.

It had a low waist line and the skirt section was sort of pleaded and the hem
was cut at different lengths which was the reason why it was called a
handkerchief dress. It fit tight on Cindy and the material was very thin which
made her nipples poke out. 

Cindy stood in the mirror and adjusted the dress as the woman helped Lisa into
her matching dress than watched as the woman retrieved matching pink heels.

The heels were pink, five inch heels with crisscross style with a side buckle
that lopped around the ankle. Both women sat on the edge of the bed and put on
the heels as Cindy asked. &quot;Are there matching panties' that we should put
on?&quot;

The woman replied and said. &quot;No madame. This is how they want you to dress
for the first event tonight.&quot; 

Cindy replied. &quot;But someone could easily see under the material of this
dress because it's so thin and if there is a breeze than they we see
everything!&quot;

The woman replied in a thick Spanish accent and said. &quot;Madame. I'm only
doing my job. I don't make the rules.&quot;

Cindy was speechless as she glanced at Lisa waiting to see her reaction to the
woman's comment when there was a knock on the door and Cheryl walked in and
told the woman she could go and walked over to Cindy and Lisa and said. &quot;Please
sit down on the bed and I'll explain what is going to take place this
evening.&quot;

The ladies sat down watching Cheryl as she stood it front of them and
continued. &quot;Ladies. Our first event will be the auction tonight. You will
be brought out onto a stage where the bidders will have a chance to see you.
After you have paraded around, the auctioneer will start the bidding for you. I
want both of you to walk around and act seductive and keep smiling at the
bidders.&quot;

Cindy and Lisa both sat on the bed with their mouths wide open as Cindy said.
&quot;You mean you expect us to go out in front of a bunch of people dressed
like this and act seductive for them. Cheryl. I'm a married woman and so is
Lisa and I can't do something like that.&quot;

Cheryl cut Cindy off from saying anything else and said. &quot;Remember. You
both signed on to do what we ask of you and you were paid in advance to
participate.&quot; 

Cheryl folded her arms and continued to speak. &quot;Now I'm going to tell you
what's in it for both of you. You will be paid 10 percent of whatever the
highest bid is and that means for your benefit that you both should walk out
there on that stage and act as seductive and happy as possible to entice the
bidding to go up as high as possible.&quot;

Lisa asked. &quot;Do you mean that if the bidding goes to one thousand dollars
than we get one hundred each?&quot;

Cheryl smiled as she replied. &quot;That's right. I can assure you the bidding
will reach into the millions which will make it very beneficial to both of
you.&quot;

Cindy than asked. &quot;What will happen after the auction? What will they do
with us?&quot;

Cheryl laughed and said. &quot;Don't worry. Nobody is going to hurt you if
that's what you're worried about. There will be thirty women auctioned off
tonight and both of you will be auctioned off together. The bidder may purchase
other women and wherever you end up, you will all work as a team and compete
for extra money.&quot;

Cheryl motioned for the ladies to stand and said. &quot;OK. Now if you are
finished with the questions we will walk out the stage area and wait until it's
your turn. Just remember that the other woman will be trying to get the highest
prices from the bidders as well so be very competitive when you are out on the
stage and don't hold anything back.&quot;

Lisa looked at Cindy to see if she was going to ask anymore questions than
spoke up herself and said. &quot;This dress is very short and people will be
able to see everything if the stage is elevated enough.&quot;

Cheryl replied. &quot;Lisa. That's the whole idea to let everyone take a look
at what you have so the bidding goes high. Don't be ashamed, all the women here
tonight are married and will be dressed similarly to what you both are
wearing.&quot;

The wives were nervous as they followed Cheryl to the elevator and got off on a
lower floor and walked down a long hallway and turned at the end and walked
through a door which was the back stage area. 

There was a group of woman standing on one end and as Cheryl had mentioned, was
dressed as seductively as they were dressed. Some women were blonde and some
redheads and a few brunettes as well.

They were all dressed in a pair just like Cindy and Lisa were dressed and the
ladies could hear the auctioneer talking out on the stage. The auction was
already underway as they heard the auctioneer yell out. &quot;Sold.&quot;

Cindy and Lisa watched as two blondes walked through the curtain with a man as
they were escorted past them and out the door. Those two women had already been
auctioned on the stage and two more women were on their way through the curtain
as Cindy and Lisa waited their turn.

Cheryl was talking to every woman waiting in line and than walked in front of
Lisa and Cindy and said. &quot;OK. Your going to go on stage as soon as those
two women are finished so be prepared and remember what I told you to do and
smile while your out there and give them something to make them bid up your
price!&quot;

Cindy waited until Cheryl had walked away and turned toward Lisa and said.
&quot;I don't know if I can do this, I'm so nervous.&quot;

Lisa took Cindy's hand and replied. &quot;I'm nervous too but if we have to do
this than lets go out there and make us some money. It will be over in a few
minutes anyway.&quot;

Minutes later the wives heard the same words from the auctioneer.
&quot;Sold.&quot; 

Cindy and Lisa watched as two redheads walked past them with a mail escort and
Cheryl motioned for them to walk through the curtain and out onto the stage.

The wives walked through the curtain and Cheryl held their hands as she walked
them to the center of the dark stage and whispered. &quot;Ladies. The spot
light will come on in a couple minutes so get ready and good luck.&quot;

Cheryl left them standing on the stage in the dark and all they could hear were
the many voices in the crowd waiting for the light to be turned on. Suddenly
the spot light came on and the crowd of mostly men began to cheer as the women
tried to smile and hold a sexy pose for them.

The auctioneer began to speak and said. &quot;OK. Please welcome our next two
wives, Cindy and Lisa who are identical in size at five-six with beautiful full
breasts which measure 36D and as some of you can see, they are garmented to be
natural blondes. They are both twenty-seven years old, healthy and very
fertile.&quot;

Cindy and Lisa stood trying to smile and understand why the auctioneer was
being so personal about their body's but got distracted from their thoughts as
the auctioneer began the auction for them.

The auctioneer began saying. &quot;OK. Now that you have seen the merchandise,
who will start the bidding at five hundred thousand . . . I got five hundred, .
. . Who will make it seven-fifty . . . OK . . . One million . . . Who will give
me a million?&quot;

Cindy and Lisa moved around on stage giving the bidders a good look at them as
the auctioneer continued on. &quot;Who will give me four million? . . . Got
four, now five million . . . Yeah . . . Now who will give me seven million . .
.?&quot;

The wives kept listening as the auctioneer continued with the bidding than
spoke directly to the ladies and said. &quot;Give them a peak at your bush and
let them all see your both natural blondes.&quot;

Cindy and Lisa didn't have to do a thing because the stage was rigged with
little jets of air that squirted up from the floor which made their dresses
raise giving the bidders a complete look at their bodies from the waist down.

The bidding had shot up to fifteen million dollars and Cindy and Lisa continued
to smile and turn around so everyone could see them. The air shot up from the
floor again and the bids went even higher as the ladies stood and waited for
the auctioneer to yell out that they had been sold.

Within the next two minutes the price had reached twenty million dollars and
the auctioneer began his ending speech and said. &quot;Is there anyone else in
on the price of twenty million? ...Do I hear twenty-one million anywhere . . .
going once . . . twice . . . Sold for twenty million dollars?&quot;

Cindy and Lisa tried to look around to see who the winning bidder was that paid
so much for them but the light went off and a man with a flash light walked out
onto the stage and escorted them back behind the curtain.

As they walked away, two more women were being taken out onto the stage to be
auctioned. The man took them back to their room and just before leaving he
turned and said. &quot;Cheryl will be back shortly to explain what is going to
happen next.&quot;

Cheryl walked into their room shortly after and had a cell phone in her hand
and explained that she wanted them to call their husband's and let them know
they were all right and tell them it would be at least a week before they would
be able to call them again.

Cheryl also told them not to mention what had taken place that evening because
they wanted to keep everything a secret. Cindy and Lisa took about thirty
minutes each with their husband's on the phone and were soon taken back down to
the parking garage to the waiting limo again.

The driver was standing next to the car with the door open as Cindy and Lisa
approached and they turned back at Cheryl when they reached the car and waited
for her to tell them where they were going.

They didn't have to wait for an answer because Cheryl told them immediately and
said. &quot;You will be traveling to your new owner tonight and I just wanted
to tell you that you did well tonight up on the auction platform. We will be
sending checks out to your husband's in the morning for the amount of two million
dollars for each of them.&quot;



Cheryl gave them both a hand shake and wished them well over the next few
weeks as Cindy and Lisa got into the limo. They were startled to find four
other women seated with them in the back of the long limo along with a man who
smiled at them and said. &quot;Welcome ladies. I'm Don and you will be joining
these ladies to your new owner.&quot;

Don had all six women put blindfolds on while they drove away from the building
and told them to leave them on until he said it was ok to remove them. Cindy
and Lisa felt more relaxed with the other four women riding with them in the
car. Although nobody said a word until Don told them it was all right to remove
the blind fold.

Cindy and Lisa noticed the other woman were wearing the same style dresses only
in black and red with matching heels. Two of them were redheads' and two were
brunettes. It seemed as if whoever did the bidding wanted to have a pair of
each. The women were all laughing and joking about it too as they drove down
the expressway to the airport.

Everyone exchanged names as they drove to the airport. Lisa and Cindy were
introduced to the two redheads first whose names were Jeanette and Betty. Next
they were introduced to Diana and Mary, the two brunettes.

They arrived at the airport and boarded a chartered plane and it took nearly
four hours to reach their destination which was kept a secret as well as the
location they were at in Tampa. Wherever they were taken, it was a tropical
place which had a private airport large enough to accommodate the plane they
had taken.

They were taken by limo down a dirt road and they couldn't see anything other
than trees and what looked like a jungle because it was so dark. The limo
pulled up to a large iron gate which opened automatically than the limo pulled
in and up to a large mansion.

The women were taken from the limo and Don escorted them to the front door of
the mansion and said. &quot;Ladies. This is the place that you will be calling
your home for the near future. I hope you enjoy your stay here and I will
introduce you to Stella.&quot;

A woman walked out of the darkness from the dark night and walked up the stairs
toward them and thanked Don as he walked back to the limo and drove off. Stella
was a dark-haired woman in her forties. Very tall and slim with long black hair
and she walked in front of the women and smiled than said. &quot;Welcome
ladies. Let me take you inside and show you your rooms. I know it's been a long
day for you today and we have many things for you to do tomorrow so you must
get some rest.&quot;

Stella took them inside the large mansion and the women looked around at its
large size and beauty. There was a grande circular stairway which Stella walked
them to and said. &quot;I', going to take you straight up to your rooms and
will give you a tour of the mansion tomorrow.&quot;

When they got up to the second floor, each wife was given their own suite and
Cindy and Lisa gave each other a hug before they entered their own suite for
the night. It had been a long day and the women had no idea what was planned
for them tomorrow or for that matter what the plans was for any of them over
the next few weeks.

The women were allowed to sleep in late the next morning and unlike when they
first arrived at their first room, they found their suites well stocked with
supplies including a robe instead of the skimpy outfits they had to endure
before and during the auction.

Cindy had just finished the breakfast that had been brought up to her suite
when Stella made her first appearance that morning and greeted Cindy and said
that she had already spoke with the other women.

Stella made sure that Cindy had finished her breakfast which consisted of fruit
and cereal and said. &quot;Honey. I want you to remove your robe for me
please.&quot;

Cindy had a look of surprise on her face as she starred at Stella but Stella
made another comment before Cindy could disapprove and listen to Stella as she
said. &quot;Cindy. Your going to get more accustomed to nudity while you're
here with us and when I start your conditioning, you will soon learn that
nudity is perfectly natural.&quot;

Cindy stood as Stella walked completely around her and touched her ass and
said. &quot;You are very firm and toned, you must work out while your
home?&quot;

Cindy replied. &quot;Yes, I work out almost every day at home.&quot;

Stella bent forward when she looked at her patch of hair on Cindy's pussy mound
and said. &quot;I'm going to explain the same thing to you as I did the other
women. A woman's body should be displayed as seductively as possible and we
need to enhance every possible area that will stimulate a potential lover. I
want you to shave your pussy fur off for me and I expect it to be smooth and
soft to the touch.&quot; 

Cindy starred at Stella and said. &quot;I thought I wasn't going to be able to
see my husband for a few weeks?&quot;

Stella smiled at Cindy and replied. &quot;Honey. Your very right about that but
I wasn't speaking about your husband. I don't want to talk any more about that
subject right now. There is an electric shaver, and hair remover in your
bathroom so I want you to take care of that patch of fur and I will be back to
check on your progress within the hour.&quot;

Stella quickly walked out the door leaving Cindy standing naked and in deep
thought about what this woman had just said to her. She didn't mind shaving but
she was definitely going to speak to the other women and see how they felt
about her attitude. 

Cindy finished removing her bush until she was soft to the touch just like
Stella wanted and walked back into the bedroom and picked up the robe and
started to put it on when Stella walked in and said. &quot;Wait. I can't see
what kind of job you did on that patch of fur if you cover yourself with that
robe.&quot;

Stella walked close to Cindy and without any warning, she put the palm of her
hand on Cindy's pussy and gently rubbed it across her skin than reached further
between Cindy's legs making sure that Cindy did a good job.

Stella backed away and said. &quot;Cindy. I'm very proud of you because you
feel very soft and you look very inviting. Please sit down in the chair and
relax and let me explain a few things to you.&quot;

Cindy sat in the chair as she watched Stella moving closer to her until she
stood directly in front of Cindy and began to speak. &quot;You'll be taken on a
tour of the mansion this afternoon with the other women and we have one rule
here that you must obey at all times. You will not be allowed to speak to any
of the other women unless we give you permission. Do you understand me?&quot;

Cindy looked at Stella and said. &quot;Does this mean that I can't even talk to
Lisa when I see her?&quot;

Stella walked next to Cindy and reached out and massaged her breasts with her
fingers gently sliding them across Cindy's smooth skin than finally replied to
her question and said. &quot;Honey. You must remember why you are here with us.
We are playing a game here and it involves you and the other women. The five
women are your competition and if you speak to any of them you might give away
your strategy.&quot;

Cindy was confused as she listened to Stella and said. &quot;What exactly are
we in competition for anyway?&quot;

Stella laughed and replied. &quot;Honey. I will explain exactly what you are
competing for as we progress with your conditioning. Remember the large sum of
money that you won during the auction?&quot;

Cindy smiled and shook her head as she listened to Stella. &quot;Money. The end
results will be more money for you and your husband but what you and the others
will be competing for to achieve that goal will be explained in due time.&quot;

Stella sat in the chair next to Cindy and continued. &quot;You were instructed
not to have sex with your husband as soon as you had your physical and they
gave you a brand-new prescription of birth control pills. Do you have that
packet of pills with you?&quot;

Cindy smiled and said. &quot;Yes. My birth control pills were the only thing
that I was allowed to bring with me.&quot;

Stella smiled and said. &quot;Good. Did you follow the strict rule printed in
your contract about not having sex with your husband for those four
weeks?&quot;

Cindy shook her head that she did and said. &quot;He wanted to have sex but I
told him how much the money meant to us right now.&quot;

Stella laughed and said. &quot;Good. Now let me explain to you what will take
place today.&quot; Stella was still admiring Cindy's breasts as she continued
her speech. &quot;Cindy. In a moment I'm going to take you into your large
closet we have for you which are well stocked with dozens of articles of
clothing for you to wear. I will have you choose things for you to wear during
your tour of the mansion. I want you to pick out things that enhance your
figure and I want you to show as much skin as possible.&quot;

Cindy acted confused again as she asked. &quot;I understand we are competing
and you are waiting to tell us what we are competing for besides the money but
can you tell me why we are required to dress in something so skimpily?&quot;

Stella smiled and replied. &quot;When you tour the mansion today you will see
that we have many men that work here that maintain the grounds and the interior
of the mansion. Today you will learn how to compete for their attention over
the other five women. You will be allowed to speak to the men and if you find
yourself attracted to any particular man than you should focus most of your
attention to that individual.&quot;

Cindy gasped and replied. &quot;Stella. I'm a married woman and I can't allow
another man to touch me.&quot;

Stella replied and said. &quot;Honey. Remember that your in competition here
and the way you react compared to the other women will determine how well you
do. Now lets go and see what we can find for you to wear because I have two
other wives to speak with before we take our tour.&quot;

Stella and Cindy were standing in the closet looking through the racks of
clothing when Stella picked out a black mesh boudoir gown with under wire cups
which were very sheer and completely transparent and came down to the knees. It
had tiny spaghetti straps and the under wire bra would hold Cindy's tits up and
together to form an outstanding cleavage.

Stella smiled and said. &quot;Honey. Put this on for me and we'll see how you
look and I'll pick out a pair of heels for you.&quot;

Cindy walked out and put the garment on and stood in front of the full length
mirror as Stella walked out with a pair of black heels which were five inch
heels with straps around the ankle.

Cindy sat down and slipped the heels on and stood in front of the mirror again
as Stella walked around her checking out every feature and said. &quot;Honey.
This will be a great garment to start with today and we'll dress you in
something more exciting tomorrow.&quot;

Cindy was hesitant wearing the shire material in front of strange men and said.
&quot;Stella. I know we are playing a game here and you want me to compete with
the other wives but anyone can see my pussy under the thin material and my
nipples are exposed too. If my husband ever found out I dressed like this in
front of other men he would kill me!&quot;

Stella put her arm around Cindy and said. &quot; Honey. We have six wives here
competing for the same thing and they all have the very same concerns that you
have.&quot;

Stella continued to talk as she lowered her hand to Cindy's ass and gently gave
her cheeks a squeeze as she said. &quot;Cindy. Nobody is going to tell your
husband about anything that goes on here at the mansion. I want you to go out
there today and get accustomed to wearing revealing and seductive garments and
practice flirting with the men you are in contact with today and we will talk
tonight about your experiences and progress.&quot;

Cindy tried to smile as she listened to Stella as she continued and said.
&quot;Cindy. Go into the bathroom and pick out a perfume from the many bottles
we stocked for you and make sure it's something that makes you feel sexy
because I want you to continue to wear the same perfume each day because the
men here will relate that smell with your beauty.&quot;

Stella walked toward the door and turned back and said. &quot;I'll come back in
get you shortly and we will take the tour of the mansion.&quot;

Stella returned to Cindy's suite and had already picked up the other wives and
they were all waiting in the hall as Stella came into the bedroom and walked up
to Cindy smelling her perfume and said. &quot;Honey. You smell good enough to
eat. Now, come and join us while we take our tour of the mansion.&quot;

Stella stopped just before they walked into the hall and turned to Cindy and
said. &quot;Remember. You are not allowed to speak to any of the other woman.
You can smile or wave or even hug them but absolutely no talking.&quot;

Cindy walked into the hall with Stella and the other wives were standing in a
group and she immediately saw Lisa standing with them and walked over and gave
her a hug. Lisa hugged her back and smiled and they other woman hugged her as
well.

She was checking out what the other women were wearing and seen that Lisa was
dressed in black transparent boudoir gown which appeared to be made out of
spandex because it clung to her body. It came down too almost to Lisa's ankles
and split all the way up to the crotch area. The material went all the way up
around her neck with a thin spaghetti strap around the neck.

Lisa's nipples were poking through the thin material and she could also see her
pussy slit was exposed and had been shaved. She wore matching black heels which
were spiked like her own.

The other wives were dressed just as sexy and each of them had their own
personal style and the scent of perfume was strong as the woman stood waiting
for Stella to begin the tour.

Stella smiled at all of them and said. &quot;Ladies. Remember your poise and
smile at the gentlemen that you see today.&quot;

Stella walked the down the end of the hall where there was a large room with
windows on three sides and overlooked a clearing at the side of the mansion.
There was a black man standing in the room dusting off the tables with a towel.
The women were all embarrassed and naturally tried to cover themselves
forgetting what Stella had told them.

Stella smiled and quickly responded and said. &quot;Ladies. Please. This is a
good time to practice because there is only one man standing in here. When we
go down to the first floor, your going to see dozens of men all at once. We
need to practice what I taught you now.&quot;

Stella shocked them all when she called out to the black man and said.
&quot;Bill. Would you come here for a moment?&quot;

The wives watched as Bill came closer and stopped and starred at them and
waited for Stella to speak. Bill wasn't wearing a shirt, only a pair of satin
red pants with sandels. His broad shoulders and large arms were rippling with
muscles.

Stella walked next to him and put one hand around his shoulder and the other on
his chest and said. &quot;All of our men are well built here like Bill and none
of them are shy and Bill happens to love white women, don't you Bill?&quot;

Bill talked with an accent as he replied. &quot;Yes Mam. That's correct.&quot;

Stella rubbed his chest with the palm of her hand as she said. &quot;Bill. Look
at how well they are all dressed today. I bet your getting yourself excited looking
at all of these white women. Why don't we take a look and see how excited you
are getting?&quot;

Stella took hold of the elastic around Bill's satin pants and gently tugged the
material down until his pants fell to the floor and the ladies gasped and turned
their heads away as Bill's large black cock came into view.

Stella said. &quot;Ladies. Please relax and enjoy the view and remember what I
taught you?&quot;

Stella reached down and took hold of Bill's cock and wrapped her tiny fingers
around it's large girth and gently stroked him and said. &quot;Ladies. Look at
this wonderful specimen I have in my hand. Has anyone ever seen a black man
naked before?&quot;

The women were all shaking their head that they hadn't as Stella smiled and
said. &quot;Which one of you would like to touch his cock and introduce
yourself to Bill?&quot;

There wasn't anyone that came forward to volunteer as Stella looked at the
ladies and said. &quot;All right. I guess I'll just have to pick one of you.
Jeanette. Would you come here and stand on the other side of Bill for me?&quot;

Jeanette's legs went weak as her name was called and she was trembling with
fear as she held her hand over her mouth.

Stella saw that Jeanette was terrified and quickly responded and said.
&quot;Honey. Please don't worry and relax. Bill is on only human like the rest
of us and he is very gentle and will not hurt you. Now come closer and get
acquainted with him.&quot;

Jeanette slowly took a step forward as her body shook and Betty put her hand on
Jeanette's shoulder and patted her as if to give her courage as she walked to
where Stella had told her to and waited for Stella to speak again.

Stella smiled at Jeanette and said. &quot;Now you see that wasn't very hard to
do, was it?&quot;

Jeanette was still too nervous to reply but looked at Stella and gave her a little
smile as Stella said. &quot;Jeanette. Give me your hand.&quot;

Stella reached down and took Jeanette's hand and said. &quot;Now I want you to
take your hand and gently wrap your fingers around his cock.&quot;

Jeanette was trembling and closed her eyes as Stella moved her hand and placed
it on Bill's cock and said. &quot;OK. Honey. Now wrap your fingers around him
gently.&quot;

Jeanette's hand was slowly moving as her fingers began to circle around the
huge black penis as Stella helped her along by giving her fingers a little squeeze
than said. &quot;Wonderful! Now open your eyes and take a good look at what you
are holding in your tiny white hand.&quot; 

Jeanette opened her eyes and glanced at Bill's cock as she held it in her hand
as Stella said. &quot;Feel how hot Bill's cock is in your hand? Can you feel
how hard he has gotten while standing here with you and the other wives?&quot;

Jeanette was trying to speak but was very nervous than finally replied.
&quot;He feels very hot.&quot;

Stella knew that Jeanette had taken a big leap when she verbally responded and
said. &quot;Terrific. 'Now I want you to slowly stroke it with your hand and
tell me how it feels to you.&quot;

Jeanette slowly moved her hand on the cock than hesitantly replied to Stella
and said. &quot;It feels very big and hard and I can feel his pulse on my
fingers.&quot;

Stella spoke in a low sexy voice now and said. &quot;I bet Bill is much larger
than your husband's cock Can you tell me how large Bill is compared to your
husband?&quot;

Jeanette slowly replied. &quot;He's more than twice the size of my
husband's.&quot;

Stella smiled and replied. &quot;That's what I figured and I never want you to
be afraid of Bill nor any of the other men here at the mansion. Jeanette. I
want to tell you how proud I'm of you and how well you are following my
instructions and advancing ahead of the other wives so well. Now that you see
that Bill is a very gentle and attractive black man, would it be all right if I
let him touch you?&quot;

Jeanette was afraid to answer Stella and just nodded her head in agreement as
she closed her eyes again. Stella smiled and replied very calmly and said.
&quot;Jeanette. I want you to look over at Bill now.&quot;

Jeanette slowly turned her head and saw that Bill was looking in her eyes as he
smiled at her and she smiled back. 

Stella smiled and continued in a soft sexy voice and said. &quot;Honey. I want
you to tell Bill that it's all right for him to touch you.&quot;

Jeanette hesitated and nervously smiled at Bill and said very softly. &quot;You
can touch me if you want to.&quot;

Everyone watched as Bill moved his hand over to Jeanette's belly and placed the
palm of his hand on it and slowly lowered it until his large hand was covering
her pussy mound through the thin material.

Stella helped her along again and said softly. &quot;Put your hand over his now
and push his hand tight against your body.&quot;

Jeanette did what Stella told her and moved her free hand over Bill's and
pushed the palm of her hand tightly against his hand as she closed her eyes.



Everyone watched as Bill slowly moved his hand over Jeanette's pussy
mound while she kept her eyes closed and parted her lips as she felt the large
hand touch her in her most intimate area.

Stella spoke softly again and said. &quot;Honey. I'm so proud of the way you
have followed my directions and now that you see that Bill is not going to hurt
you and is very gentle. All of our men here have been trained in the art of
pleasing a woman and they will obey your every command. Most important, they
have been strictly trained not to proceed without a woman's consent so you
never have to worry about being raped while you are here.&quot;

Stella smiled at Jeanette and said. &quot;You may thank Bill for being so
gentle with you now.&quot;

Jeanette nervously smiled at Bill as she moved her hand away from his erection
and said. &quot;Thank you very much!&quot;

Bill moved his hand away from Jeanette as he smiled and said. &quot;You're a
very beautiful woman and maybe I'll see you again very soon.&quot;

Stella looked at the other wives and said. &quot;I would like each of you to
come forward and introduce yourself to Bill and feel his cock and give him
permission to touch you like you saw Jeanette.&quot;

The women took turns standing next to Bill as they each introduced themselves
and felt his cock and hesitantly allowed him to touch them just like they saw
Jeanette do with Bill. Cindy watched her friend Lisa as she touched Bill and
waited for her turn. 

Cindy would be the last woman to stand next to Bill and as soon as she saw her
friend Lisa move away, she walked forward and stood along the side of Bill and
slowly reached down and took the big cock in her hand and began to stroke it.

Stella was watching Cindy and said. &quot;You see. You're going to be just fine
while your staying here.&quot;

Cindy looked up into Bill's eyes and softly said. &quot;Would you like to touch
me?&quot;

Bill smiled in return as he started to move his hand over her belly and slowly
slid his hand down until he cupped her mound and gently moved his hand around
as Cindy moved her free hand and placed it over his like they other women had
done.

Stella smiled and said. &quot;That's my girl! Would you like to go a little
further ahead of the other wives while I have Bill here with us?&quot;

Cindy wasn't prepared to hear anything additional from Stella as her heart
dropped as she hesitantly shook her head and agreed. 

Stella smiled and said. &quot;Good. Slowly pull the material of your pretty
gown up and allow Bill to touch your bare pussy.&quot;

Cindy slowly took hold of the material and slowly lifted it up until her entire
gentile area was exposed and looked at Stella and saw her nod her head and
looked at Bill and smiled and said. &quot;Would you like to touch me down
there?&quot;

Bill didn't waste anytime moving his hand onto Cindy's pussy and slowly
massaged her as Stella said. &quot;Honey. Take you hand and touch it and tell
him to feel your pussy slit.&quot;

Cindy placed the palm of her hand on Bill's and said. &quot;Go ahead and touch
my slit.&quot;

Stella couldn't believe she had said it but was thrilled that Cindy followed
her instructions and allowed Bill complete access to her beautiful body.

Stella watched Bill touch her than said. &quot;Bill. Isn't Cindy a very
beautiful woman?&quot;

Bill replied. &quot;Yes Mam. She is very pretty and very soft.&quot;

Stella looked at the other wives and said. &quot;See. Now you know why I wanted
you all to shave the fur off your pussy's. Men love the feel of a smooth white
pussy.&quot;

Stella continued to speak and turned back at Cindy and said. &quot;Can you give
me a comparison of the difference in size of Bill's cock compared to your
husband?&quot;

Cindy looked at the cock and back at Stella and said. &quot;I think it's more
than double the size of my husband's and maybe three times as thick as my
husband.&quot; 

Stella smiled and asked. &quot;Cindy. Have you ever screwed a black man?&quot;

Cindy shook her head that she didn't and kept her fingers wrapped tightly
around Bill's penis as he continued to rub her pussy.

Stella was very pleased at what she was watching and decided she would take a
chance and proceed further and hoped that Cindy wouldn't freak out on her.

Stella spoke to Bill again and said. &quot;Bill. Can you feel Cindy's pussy
getting wet?&quot;

Bill replied. &quot;Yes Mam.&quot;

Stella looked at Cindy and said. &quot;Honey. Let go of Bill's cock now and
take both of your hands and lift your gown up and expose yourself up over your
belly.&quot;

Cindy did as she was instructed and lifted the thin material and exposed her
belly and waited for Stella to speak.

Stella smiled and said. &quot;Honey. You're a very beautiful woman and I'm so
proud of you right now. Bill. Take you hand away and bring your fingers to your
mouth and taste Cindy.&quot;

Bill tasted his fingers and smiled at Stella as she reached out and rubbed his
shoulder and said. &quot;I'm going to give you permission to kiss Cindy's belly
and I want you to slowly work your way toward her pussy and give her gentle
kisses on her pussy mound.&quot;

Stella walked around and put her arm around Cindy to comfort her and said.
&quot;I want you to watch how gentle this man will be with you.&quot;

Bill lowered his head and began to gently kiss Cindy's belly and slowly worked
himself toward her pussy and kissed her softly like he had been instructed and
nothing more.

Stella could feel Cindy trembling as she held her arm around her and said.
&quot;Honey. Your doing very well, Stella is right here next to you and I want
you to feel safe and relaxed as you allow Bill to kiss your most intimate
area.&quot;

Stella felt Cindy's body tense as Bill continued to place little kisses around
her pussy and Stella decided to go a little further and leaned next to Cindy
and whispered in her ear and said. &quot;Would it be all right if I told Bill
to take a few licks of your pussy?&quot;

Cindy thought for a few seconds than nodded her head in agreement as Stella
smiled and as she held Cindy really tight and said to Bill. &quot;Bill. Cindy
wants you to taste her pussy and give it a few licks with your tongue.&quot;

Bill didn't need anymore direction as he slowly began to lick Cindy's pussy
mound causing her body to shiver when she felt his tongue. He took a few gentle
licks and raised his head and stood up straight and waited to be directed from
Stella again.

Stella spoke to Bill and said. &quot;Bill. Did Cindy taste as good as you
thought that she would?&quot;

Bill replied. &quot;Yes Mam. Cindy tasted very good.&quot;

Stella still held Cindy while she glanced at the other wives and said. &quot;As
you can see, you will be very safe while you stay here at the mansion. Every
man who works here has been trained to obey a woman just like you saw Bill do
to Cindy and the rest of you a few minutes ago.&quot;

Stella looked at Bill and said. &quot;You may pull your pants up and get back
to your work and thank you very much for your cooperation with us today.&quot;

As soon as Bill went back to work, Stella smiled at the wives and said.
&quot;As you saw and learned, our men have been trained to respond to a woman
and obey every order. You must not ever be afraid of them because they will not
touch you or do anything else to you unless they have your permission. Once we
finish the tour, I want you to feel comfortable walking up to the men and
getting yourself acquainted with them today.&quot;

Stella walked the wives down the stairs and there were several men working in
the entranceway of the mansion. The women starred at the men who were all black
and wearing the same satin pants like Bill's.

They followed Stella into the large ball room and their were more black men
cleaning the floor as the women walked through and into the large dinning room.
There, they saw several more black men polishing the silverware and china as
they moved through the room and into the kitchen and saw four black men
preparing food.

Stella turned to the wives and said. &quot;These men are preparing our lunch
which we will enjoy in the dinning room after we finish our tour.&quot;

The women followed Stella back through the dinning room and through the
ballroom toward another large room surrounded with windows that had a
magnificent view of a large pool outside. There were several black men cleaning
this room as well as men out next to the pool.

Stella took the wives out to the pool area which had a spa and the pool was
large enough for hundreds of people to swim at the same time. Palm trees lined
the edge of the pool area and their were woods surrounding the entire complex
which was absolutely gorgeous.

The ladies glanced around at the black men who were working on the grounds as
they were taken back into the house and into the dinning room for their lunch.
The ladies were formerly served by black men and were given salads with shrimp
and fish and chicken.

Once they finished lunch, Stella walked them back out to the pool and walked
toward a building where they found a huge gym where they saw more than thirty
black men lifting weights and working out on the floor. The wives were
surprised to see that the men were all nude as they worked out.

Stella stood in front of the wives and said. &quot;Beginning tomorrow, you will
be given time each day to come and work out with the men. They are all highly
trained on the machines and will help you keep yourself toned while you are
here. You will be required to work out completely in the nude like you see
these men and you will be required to spend at least two hours here each
day.&quot;

Stella took the wives into a small room where there was a large corner sofa and
she directed them to sit while she pulled out a small chair and sat in front of
them.

Stella sat and started to speak to the wives and said. &quot;I'm going to be
completely honest with you and tell you a little secret. As you know, you all
have been selected to participate in our reality program. Your problebly
wondering why we are not filming while you are here.&quot;

Stella continued to speak. &quot;Well. We are filming everything you do hear at
the mansion because there are hidden camera's placed everywhere and pickup
every angle and hear everything that we all say.&quot;

The wives had a surprised expression on their faces as Stella quickly said.
&quot;Ladies. Remember that you did sign up to do a reality program and this
has been done many times on television recently so you shouldn't be
alarmed.&quot;

Stella saw Cindy beginning to cry and she said. &quot;Honey. Tell me what's the
matter.&quot;

Cindy wiped her eyes and said. &quot;Will my husband see what I did with Bill
this morning? He'll kill me if he ever watches the tape of what I did.&quot;

Stella replied. &quot;Honey. Your husband will never see you do any of that
because this program will not be televised like other reality shows that you
see. I cannot tell you all the details at the moment but I can assure you that
none of your husband's will ever see anything that goes on here at the
mansion.&quot;

Stella continued to speak and said. &quot;Let me move onto our next phase and
explain what I would like you to do today and how you will be rewarded.&quot;

Stella stood while she continued. &quot;Now that you know that none of these
men will hurt you or touch you without your consent and we are watching every
move that both you and the men, I'll tell you what we have planned.&quot;

Stella sat back in the chair and said. &quot;Since we are recording you, we
would like to see you walk around the entire complex and get acquainted with as
many of the men as you can. We will be going through the tapes each day and you
will be given points that will earn you money as a reward.&quot;

Stella smiled and said. &quot;You will be given points for each man you speak
to and if we see a man touch you, we will give you points on that as well and
depending on where the man touches you will depend on how many points you get.
A kiss will earn many points and touching a man will earn points as well.&quot;

Lisa raised her hand with a question and said. &quot;What if for some reason a
woman were to be more intimate with a man.&quot;

Stella interrupted Lisa from speaking any further and said. &quot;Ladies. I
don't want to frighten anyone nor do I want you to feel as if we are forcing
anything on you but do you remember what you did with Bill this
afternoon?&quot;

The ladies all shook their head's remembering what had happened as Stella
continued. &quot;Ladies. Every one of you earned points for that little display
and Cindy jumped ahead of everyone allowing Bill to lick her pussy which means
that the rest of you need to catch up to her.&quot;

Stella lowered her voice as she continued. &quot;Ladies. Do you all feel
comfortable with me speaking about this now or would you rather I stop now and
allow you to make your way around with the men?&quot;

The ladies looked around at one another than back at Stella as she smiled at
them and said. &quot;Good. I thought you would be interested in proceeding. I
want every one of you to remember that you are here to have a wonderful time
and we want each one of you to feel free and single and enjoy the men as much
as possible. We are all adults here and we all have needs and desires and we
understand you all love your husband's but don't think they might not cheat on
you while you are away!&quot;

The wives looked around at one another when Stella pointed that out to them and
waited for her to continue.

Stella said. &quot;Ladies. Your husband's were perfectly aware that you signed
on to do the reality show and it clearly stated that you would do anything we
asked of you while you are with us.&quot;

The women were still very nervous thinking about what Stella had said about
their husband's cheating on them and they were all caught in deep thought as
Stella spoke. &quot;Ladies. We'll talk more about this tomorrow so for now I
want you all to enjoy your day and mingle with the men you see around the
complex. Remember. We will be tracking every move and counting points&quot;

The wives walked out of the small room with Stella remembering that they
couldn't speak to each other but Stella added one more thing and said. &quot;I
would recommend that everyone split up in different directions to give you some
space. Enjoy your day!&quot;

Everyone walked out of the gym and began to walk in different directions once
they were outside. Nobody stayed in the gym, problebly because the men were
working out in the nude and the wives weren't ready to stand and talk to a
naked man yet.

Cindy watched Lisa and three of the other women walk into the house and only
she and Diana walked out around the pool. Cindy wondered what the other women
were thinking about everything that Stella had told them.

Cindy looked around to see where Diana had gone and noticed she was talking to
a man near the spa as she slowly walked next to the pool. Cindy had wondered
why all the men were black and thought that maybe they had been taken by plane
to an Island near Jamaica or something.

Cindy noticed a man smiling at her so she stopped and worked up enough nerve
and walked to where he was stand and introduced herself. &quot;My name is
Cindy.&quot;

The man extended his hand out to Cindy and responded in a Jamaican accent and
said. &quot;It is a pleasure to meet you. My name is Jeff.&quot;

Cindy and Jeff talked until another man walked near them and introduced himself
as Steve and before long, Cindy had a small group of men around her talking and
laughing. 

Cindy spent nearly two hours next to the pool with the group of men and noticed
that Diana had walked into the house and Lisa and Betty had walked back outside
and was talking to some men.

Cindy excused herself and decided to see whom she could find inside the mansion
and walked into the ballroom where several men were seated. She sat next to two
of the men on a sofa and talked and was soon joined by several others.

Cindy and the other wives spent the day walking around and speaking to as many
men as possible as Stella had suggested. After eating a formal dinner in the
dinning room with the other wives, Cindy focused her attention on a man named
Paul she had met near the pool.

Paul and Cindy found a quit area in the sunroom and sat and talked while one of
the men acting as a waiter brought them something to drink. Paul, like the
other men at the mansion was wearing only the satin pajama style pants.

Cindy didn't know where the other women had gone and couldn't worry about them
because she knew they were problebly talking to one or more of the men
themselves. Paul was being very nice to her and as Stella had mentioned about
all the men here, nobody tried to touch her nor did any of them say anything
nasty to her. It seemed that they did smile at her and tried to get her
attention by walking close to her and making sure she saw them.

Of all the men she met so far, Paul made Cindy feel the most comfortable in the
vulnerable situation she was put in.

Cindy had so many things going through her mind at the moment concerning her
husband, making money with points, the way she had to dress in front of these
men and some concerns about her husband being faithful to her while she was
away. She knew Gary loved to have sex and they had already gone four weeks
without sex.

Later that evening, Cindy was back in her suite and after taking a shower and
getting into bed she lay their wondering where the camera's in the bedroom were
hidden. She remembered what Stella had told them about being filmed throughout
the day no matter where they were.

She had a nice evening with Paul and although she didn't earn many points that
evening, it gave her a chance to get comfortable with one of the men and at
least she made a new friend today.

Cindy woke up the next morning with the event with Bill on her mind and she
felt guilty about letting that man touch her. Cindy felt that she was pressured
because the other women were watching her but she had to forget about it.

During the next several days, the wives were allowed to do anything they wished
except for the two hours a day they had to spend working out in the nude at the
gym. All the wives felt uneasy about doing it but got easier each day they
went. 

It didn't matter what time she had gone to the gym because she wasn't allowed
to speak to the other women anyway. Cindy did think it was strange that Stella
hadn't given them a pep talk in seven days. Cindy figured that they wanted the
wives to make friends with some of the men and they did.

After a week Cindy did make a few friends because now she had Paul, who was the
first man she liked and Toby, who she met on the second day and Jack who helped
her in the gym as friends and felt very comfortable hanging out with them.

Jack had been teaching her how to tone her body and was very informative in the
gym but it was strange seeing him naked every day. Cindy couldn't help but
think that these men were all picked because they were muscular and she had
noticed that all the men she saw naked, they were well endowed.

The next morning after breakfast, Stella finally grouped the women together in
the small room in the gym and the first thing she did was congratulate Diana
and Lisa for accumulating the most points over the past seven days.

Stella looked directly at Cindy and said. &quot;Honey. You seem to be lagging
behind this past week. I know you earned some points on your first day but you
hardly accumulated any during the following six days.&quot;

Stella glanced at Lisa next and said. &quot;Honey. You were the most daring so
far and I thought for sure that you were going to take that man back to your
suite but you seemed to change your mind at the last minute. Can you tell me
how you felt and what possibly went wrong to make you change your mind?&quot;

Lisa had no idea Stella was going to question her in front of the other women
but she wanted to be honest and said. &quot;I was kissing Rob yesterday and
than I told him to touch me than I touched his penis and than I looked at my
wedding ring and froze.&quot;

Stella nodded her head and than asked Diana. &quot;Honey. What happened with
you and that good looking man you were making out with last night?&quot;



Diana replied. &quot;I felt the same way that Lisa felt when I saw my
wedding rings and thought about my husband.&quot;

Stella wrote something in a note book than said. &quot;Here is what I have
planned for all of you so listen to me carefully. Since your wedding rings are
getting in the way of making progress than I'm going to offer bonus points to
any woman that decides to remove her wedding band and engagement ring from her
finger.&quot; 

Stella continued. &quot;I'm going to make this more interesting for each one of
you. The first woman that removes her weeding rings will get the most bonus
points than the second will get a little less than the third and so on.&quot;

The woman looked interested when they heard that all they had to do was to
remove their rings and they would get points.

Stella smiled as she looked at the expressions on their faces and said.
&quot;There is going to be a big catch with this offer. Any woman that removes
her rings will only have twenty-four hours to proceed to the next level
otherwise she will lose every point she has earned from the very beginning and
will have to start over.&quot;

Lisa asked. &quot;What do you mean when you say we have to proceed to the next
level?&quot;

Stella smiled and said. &quot;Well that's going to be everyone's ultimate goal
and the next level means that your going to have sexual intercourse with a
man.&quot;

The woman sat looking nervous until Lisa said. &quot;Does this mean that we
should leave our rings on our fingers unless we really plan on having sex with
a man?&quot;

Stella replied. &quot;That's exactly what I mean by the next level. I don't
want anyone to remove their rings unless they plan on taking a man to their
suite and having him spend the night with you.&quot;

Stella continued. &quot;Are all of you remembering to take your birth control
pills?

Stella saw the woman shaking their heads that they were and said. &quot;Good.
Every one of these men having been tested for disease and also for potency and
they are all very potent.&quot;

Stella finished the meeting and gave them one more reminder. &quot;Ladies. I'll
be speaking to each of you individually within the next two days and if you
should decide to progress to the next level before we talk than good luck and
have fun.&quot;

The wives spent another day with their men like they had for the past week and
Stella knew that she would have to give them a little help so she monitored
them carefully that day to see where they might have a weakness and the
following morning she decided to speak to a couple of the wives and started
with Cindy.

Cindy was combing her long blonde hair when Stella walked into her room and
said. &quot;Good Morning.&quot;

Stella walked toward Cindy who was still naked and placed her hand on Cindy's
ass and massaged her cheeks than reached around in front and ran the palm of
her hand over Cindy's pussy and said. &quot;I see that your keeping yourself
smooth for that special time.&quot;

Cindy smiled and said. &quot;I spent most of the day yesterday with Paul.&quot;

Stella smiled at her and said. &quot;Yes. I was watching the tapes and you
earned a lot of points yesterday when you played with his cock. Do you feel
comfortable with him?&quot;

Cindy replied. Yes. Paul is really nice to me and he said he really likes
me.&quot;

Stella put her hand on Cindy's pussy and gently ran her fingers across her skin
than moved her finger along the slit and felt a slit wetness on her finger and
said. &quot;Paul's got a very large cock doesn't he?&quot;

Cindy nodded her head that he did and felt Stella moving her finger into her
pussy slit and closed her eyes.

Stella whispered to Cindy and said. &quot;I could see his cock and it's much
thicker and longer than Bill's cock you touched last week which means he must
be massive in size compared to your husband. It's been more than five weeks
since you had sex hasn't it?&quot;

Cindy kept her eyes closed as Stella continued to move her finger into Cindy's
pussy slit and moaned and moved her hips forward. She was getting hot and
Stella knew that Cindy must have had the idea of screwing Paul on her mind when
she came into the room.

Stella whispered again. &quot;Honey. Do you want to remove your wedding band
this morning? &quot;

Stella felt Cindy's pussy getting soaked as she continued to move her finger
into the tight opening and with her free hand she reached up and massaged her
breasts and squeezed her nipple and repeated. &quot;You want to fuck Paul and
feel his big black cock inside you, don't you?&quot;

Cindy still had her eyes closed and her head was tilted back as Stella removed
her finger from Cindy's pussy and massaged her mound than her belly and said.
&quot;Cindy. I want you to remove your rings for me and go down and get Paul
and bring him up here and fuck him for me.&quot;

Cindy didn't answer Stella but placed her hand over Stella's on her pussy and
pressed her hand onto Stella's.

Stella put her arm around Stella and held her left hand with the other and
said. &quot;Why don't you take your rings off and put them in the drawer so you
can put out that fire you have burning inside your pussy?&quot;

Cindy finally responded and lifted her hand and took her right hand and took
hold of the diamond ring and twisted it off her finger along with her wedding
band as Stella smiled and said. &quot;Honey. Let me take the rings and place
them in a safe place for you.&quot;

Cindy gave her rings to Stella who walked over to the dresser and placed them
in a jewelry drawer and walked back and took Cindy's arm and said. &quot;Honey.
Let's go and pick out something nice for you to wear for Paul.&quot;

Stella searched the closet for something completely differently and found a
pink ruffle-cup baby doll which had a flyaway style front which exposed Cindy's
belly. There was a matching thong but Stella decided to dress her in the baby
doll only and searched for a pair of heels.

Stella gave Cindy the baby doll and said. &quot;Honey. Go and put this on while
I find a pair of heels for you.&quot;

Stella walked out of the close with a pair of pink heels that slipped on
Cindy's feet but didn't have any straps. Stella said. &quot;I picked this pair
because they will be easy for you to take off when that time arrives.&quot;

Cindy was now ready as she stood next to the bed as Stella said. &quot;Cindy.
Go and get me your perfume so I can put it on for you.&quot;

Cindy walked back into the room and gave the bottle to Stella and she squirted
the perfume on Cindy's tits than another on her pussy mound and said.
&quot;That should do the trick.&quot;

Stella took Cindy's hand and said. &quot;Let me walk you down the stairs. These
shoes are a little tricky and I don't want you to fall.&quot;

The women walked down the stairs and started to look for Paul and found him out
near the pool. Stella walked Cindy out near her man than whispered in her ear
and said. &quot;Go get him.&quot;

Cindy walked toward Paul who saw her coming and immediately began to smile when
he saw her. Stella watched from a distance as Cindy put her arms around the man
and gave him a long passionate kiss than saw Cindy talking to Paul and watched
as Paul put his hands on her bare ass.

Stella smiled because she knew that Cindy would have had to order him to put
his hands on her ass. Stella watched as Cindy took him by his hand and walked
back into the house. Stella followed them into the house and saw them walking
up the stairs. 

Stella smiled as she hurried into the monitoring room and sat down at the
control center and punched the numbers that would activate the camera's in
Cindy's room. Stella had to watch as this young white wife got her first taste
of black cock. 

&nbsp;














     Stella sat in the control room adjusting the monitors making sure
the camera�s in Cindy�s room were turned on and ready t

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-02-28T14:54:00Z
  2006-02-28T14:54:00Z
  1
  3317
  18907
   
  157
  44
  22180
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

���� Stella sat in
the control room adjusting the monitors making sure the camera�s in Cindy�s
room were turned on and ready to go. 

&nbsp;

���� Stella glanced
at the monitor for the second floor hallway and she could see Cindy and Paul
standing in a dark corner embracing and kissing. Stella adjusted the camera to
zoom in for a closeup and saw they were locked in a heated passionate kiss and
she could see Paul had his tongue deep inside Cindy�s mouth while he massaged
her bare ass with his large black hands.

&nbsp;

��� Stella smiled as
she thought back a few months before when the idea for this reality show came
up at a meeting. It would be the first reality show to be seen on national
television for more than forty years.

&nbsp;

�� Stella had been
told that reality shows were� hot
items� around the turn of the
twenty-first century. This would be a revival of the last show which appeared
back in 2010.

&nbsp;

� Stella was so
lucky to be the producer of this wonderful idea for the 2050 season. She
remembered watching some old tapes of some of the shows that were popular back
in those days and laughed at how innocent they were.

&nbsp;

� She remembered a
particular show where a single woman would pick a guy out of a group of men
with the hope of getting engaged and married. 

&nbsp;

� Stella watched the
screen and saw Cindy unlocking the door to her suite and thought about how far
things have come since the �Good old days� of television. 

&nbsp;

� She watched as
Cindy and Paul entered the suite together and began to embrace again and
started to kiss. Stella could see the massive erection of Paul�s poking through
his thin thong and watched Cindy�s hand as she slowly moved her fingers over the
large budge.

&nbsp;

��� Stella noticed
that Cindy was starring into Paul�s eyes and saying something but she couldn�t
hear what she was saying from the monitors she was watching. Stella looked over
at one of the directors and asked. �What is she saying? Can you hear what Cindy
is saying to Paul?�

�

�� The director
turned toward Stella and said. �She seems to be getting could feet again
because she just told Paul she didn�t think she should cheat on her husband.�

&nbsp;

� Stella could see
tears forming in Cindy�s eyes as Cindy covered her face in front of Paul.
Stella immediately stood up and looked over at the line of directors that were
seated at the monitors and said. �I�ve got to go down there and give that woman
some encouragement before she decides to back out of this all together.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��� Stella walked
out the door and made her way to Cindy�s suite and fumbled with her keys as she
unlocked the door to the suite. She gave a little knock on the door before
entering and walked over to Cindy and placed a hand on her shoulder and said.
�Honey. What�s the matter? You and Paul have been hitting it off really good
and you were about to allow him to make beautiful love to you.�

&nbsp;

Cindy wiped back a few tears that had formed around her
eyes and replied. �I couldn�t help thinking about my husband again.�������������� 

�

�� Stella patted her
hand on Cindy�s shoulder and gave her a hug and said. �Honey. It�s normal for
you to feel guilty about being here with Paul but you mustn�t think about your
husband right now. You have this beautiful black man waiting to make passionate
love to you right now.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella continued.
�I want you to be the first wife in your group to advance forward to this very
important step. Everything will be fine and I will stay here and give you a
little encouragement if you would like me to.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella gave Cindy
a tissue for her eyes and waited for the woman to reply. Cindy looked at Stella
and nodded her head in agreement that she wanted her to stay with her and
looked over at Paul and gave him a smile and said. �I�m really sorry I
cried.� It wasn�t your fault.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella watched as
Cindy moved herself forward giving Paul a hug as she slowly lowered her hands
to his ass and rubbed his skin.

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled and
said. �Honey. Your doing very good, now just pretend I�m not here and take your
man over to the bed and show him how talented you are.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy took Paul�s
hand and walked him toward the bed and pulled the thong down his legs letting
the huge erection spring free. He was solid rock hard and Stella could see the
veins on his thick black cock. She almost felt like pushing Cindy away from him
and having sex with this man herself.

&nbsp;

� Cindy took hold of
Paul�s hands and placed them on the material of her baby doll and he
immediately knew what she would like him to do as he began pulling the material
up over her head and tossed it over on a chair leaving Cindy completely naked
except for the high heel�s shoes.

&nbsp;

�� Cindy began
kissing Paul�s chest and slowly worked her way down his chest and down to his navel
until her chin touched his massive cock and took the shaft into her hand and
gave the head a soft kiss before getting down on her knee�s.

&nbsp;

� Cindy placed her
hands on Paul�s thighs as she continued to kiss the head of his cock until she
finally took the large head into her mouth and started to suck on him. Paul
moaned when Cindy began to suck on him and Stella said. �Go ahead and tell her
how good she is doing.�

&nbsp;

��� Paul moaned
again and said. �Baby. Keep moving your tongue on my cock just like that and
hold onto my balls with your hand.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy did just
what Paul had asked her to do and continued to suck on his cock while she
reached up and cupped his large ball sack in her tiny hand and began to massage
his balls making him moan loud. Paul�s head was tilted back as Cindy massaged
his balls and held onto his thigh with her left hand.

&nbsp;

�� Stella walked
closer to the couple and placed her hand on Paul�s large arm and felt his
muscles and looked down at Cindy and saw her starring up into Paul�s eyes. 

&nbsp;

�� She watched Cindy
as she positioned her hands on Paul�s massive thighs and saw Cindy tilt her
head up with the big shaft between her lips as she began to swallow the long
shaft until her nose was touching Paul�s pubic hair.

&nbsp;

�� Cindy was taking
Paul into her throat as far as she could while continuing to stare up into his
eyes. From Stella�s position, Cindy looked very erotic with the large black
shaft deep in her mouth.

&nbsp;

� Stella could hear
Cindy�s throat making sounds as she began to back her head off the large black
shaft until just the large head remained between her lips. Stella stood
watching as the large black shaft was swallowed several more times down Cindy�s
throat

&nbsp;

� Cindy was kissing
the giant black head of the cock as if it was a baby which gave Stella an idea
as she leaned over and said. �Doesn�t Paul have a beautiful and powerful
looking black cock?�

&nbsp;

� Cindy was too
embarrassed to reply but smiled as she continued to kiss and poke her tongue
out at the massive head of the large cock.

&nbsp;

� Stella leaned very
close to Cindy until she was able to whisper into her ear and said. �Paul is a
wonderful handsome black man with very dark bronze skin with such wonderful
features. Every inch of his body is covered with rippling muscles. He�s also a
very virile and potent man carrying enough seed to implant into the womb of a
beautiful partner and mate.�

&nbsp;

� Cindy�s eyes were
mostly closed as she stroked Paul�s cock with her hand and kept her lips
against the black tip of the large mushroom head.

&nbsp;

� Stella continued
to speak and said. �Imagine having a child with such wonderful features that
this man has and imagine having him mate with a beautiful white woman just like
yourself and seeing the results from that copulation.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy�s eyes were
completely closed as she kept her hand on the length of the black shaft and had
reached up to massage Paul�s large thigh with her left hand and she continued
to listen to Stella.

&nbsp;

�� Stella reached
down with her hand and began to touch Cindy�s tit focusing on her nipple
squeezing it between her thumb and finger and watched how she responded before
she continued and said. �Cindy. Did you remember to take your birth control
pill this morning?�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy�s mind was
half focusing on Paul�s large cock at the moment and listening to Stella as she
slowly replied and said. �I took one pill yesterday but haven�t taken my pill
for the day yet.�

&nbsp;

� Stella continued
to stimulate Cindy�s nipple until she totally cupped the woman�s breast in her
hand feeling how large she was as she began to massage her flesh in her hand.

&nbsp;

� Stella finally
replied and said. �I want you to imagine that you are the lucky woman to mate
and breed with Paul and I want you to imagine your child with all of this man�s
features along with your beauty. A boy would carry his wonderful physic and
become very muscular and virile like his father enhanced with his beautiful
white Mother.�

&nbsp;

� Stella continued
saying. �A girl would carry both her Mother and Father�s features and would
become a beautiful woman like yourself with dark bronze features and many of
the genes of her father allowing her to be tall and very endowed like yourself
and possibly become a model or an actress.�

&nbsp;

� Cindy opened her
eyes and looked at Stella and said. �Stella. I couldn�t possibly have another
man�s baby. I�m a married woman!�

&nbsp;

�� Stella placed her
hand on Cindy�s back giving a gentle squeeze as she replied and said. �Honey.
Remember when you and your husband signed all of the release forms so you could
come and participate with us?�

&nbsp;

� Cindy acknowledged
Stella shaking her head as she listened to Stella as she continued speaking.
�Your husband was aware that anything could happen during your participation
with us and he agreed that he would accept all of the terms and any results
from your participation here. It�s not like you are doing something against his
knowledge. Besides. I want to explain something very important to you now.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy listened
very close as Stella began to say. �You would be the very first wife to stop
taking her birth control pills which would entitle you to another five hundred
thousand-dollars. There would be a ten million dollars to the first wife who
would test positive for pregnancy but it would have to be within the first
thirty days from the time she would stop taking her birth control pills.�

&nbsp;

� Stella helped
Cindy up off her knees and looked over at Paul and said. �Paul. I want you to
make love to Cindy and I�m going to allow you to do anything she may ask of you
regardless of what she may ask. You will not be held responsible for any
results that happen from your actions today.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��� Cindy�s mind was
very busy at that very moment thinking about all of that money that Stella had
mentioned. Paul was busy himself as he sat of the edge of the bed and pulled
Cindy onto his lap where she straddled him facing him.

&nbsp;

�� Cindy had both of
her knees on the mattress and had raised herself high enough so that Paul was
able to suck on her tits. Paul�s large black cock was poking up in front of
Cindy and rubbed her belly and was leaking so much that it was leaving the area
above her navel wet.

&nbsp;

� Paul laid himself
back onto the bed as Cindy leaned forward until she was able to kiss Paul�s
large broad chest and concentrated on licking his nipples making them hard.

&nbsp;

� Cindy was leaning
forward so far that Paul�s cock was trapped between her body and his stomach as
she continued licking his nipples. Cindy was trembling now as she raised
herself back and slid forward a few inches and kissed Paul on the lips.

&nbsp;

� It was a long
passionate kiss as their tongues mingled and saliva coated their faces around
their lips until Cindy raised her ass off Paul�s legs and reached down between
her legs and held the giant shaft in her tiny white hand.

&nbsp;

�� Cindy moved
Paul�s shaft back and forth along her pussy slit which was soaking wet and kept
moving him until the head was positioned between her slit and finally put some
pressure on it with her body and allowed the head of Paul�s cock to enter her
pussy making her stiffen for a few seconds until she got more accustomed to his
massive size.

&nbsp;

�� She continued
moving her body allowing more of Paul�s large cock to enter her tight pussy
until he arched his hips in the air making himself enter her pussy a little
faster than she had expected. 

&nbsp;

��� Cindy�s eyes
were closed as she moaned from feeling the huge shaft entering her tight pussy
stretching her beyond anything she had ever been in the past. Paul was almost
twice the size as her husband�s cock and she knew she would have to stretch for
this man before the night was over.

&nbsp;

�� Cindy stopped
moving while her pussy tried to accustom itself to the thick shaft that was now
impaled inside her tiny tunnel. Paul raised his head and licked Cindy�s nipple than
moved to the other side and worked on that tit allowing his tongue to move in
large circles around the little hard bud.

&nbsp;

�� Paul raised his
head a few inches more and gave Cindy another long passionate kiss than placed
his hands on her ass so he could control her movements much better and begin to
raise her tiny body on his shaft and lower her back down a little further until
she had completely taken as much of him as she could and there was still more
that remained.

&nbsp;

� Paul kept moving
her up and down his shaft making her yelp with each thrust up inside her tight
pussy. She was moaning and yelping in a high pitch now which reminded Stella of
a little kitten playing at the moment.

&nbsp;

��� Stella leaned
down to take a close look behind Cindy�s ass and could see Paul�s large cock
slicing up and into Cindy�s tight stretched out pussy. Her pussy lips were
stretched out like tiny rubber bands around Paul�s massive black cock and there
was plenty of their wetness keeping the shaft coated for lubrication.

&nbsp;

�� Paul was moving
her tiny body much faster above him now making her tits swing back and forth
with each thrust he made deep inside her tight white pussy. Cindy was still
moaning but her voice began to sound like all the air was being shoved out of
her stomach each time Paul thrust himself inside her pussy.

&nbsp;

�� Paul held onto
Cindy�s back as he lifted himself up off the bed and stood up holding the small
white wife in his arms with her legs wrapped behind his back in mid air. Paul
cradled her little ass in his big black hands and began moving her body up and
down his shaft as he stood next to the bed.

&nbsp;

�� Paul was a large
powerful black man and only a man who worked out and conditioned his body could
screw a woman in this position without making it appear like he was putting
very much effort into the task.

&nbsp;

� Cindy was gasping
for air each time Paul thrust her back down on his large black cock but she
held him tight with her arms wrapped around his thick neck while her legs
wrapped themselves tightly around his waist.

&nbsp;

� Stella had an idea
as she watched this couple mating in mid air and yelled out some encouragement
at Cindy and said. �Honey. You�ve turned this man into a wild stallion for you.
You should tell Paul how much you are enjoying his wonderful black cock inside
your pussy right now.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy didn�t need
any more encouragement from Stella as she yelled out. �God. Yes. Paul. Fuck me
hard and make me cum for you. I want to cum on your cock while you�re deep
inside of me.�

&nbsp;

�� Paul didn�t let
up with his driving force and kept moving her tiny white body on his cock until
Cindy finally let out a very loud scream and Stella knew she was having her
first orgasm with this black man inside her.

&nbsp;

� Paul had to hold
onto the woman as tight as he could even with her small body, she was bucking
around on his cock like a cat in heat kicking her feet straight out and digging
her nails into his large shoulders as she finished having her first orgasm.

&nbsp;

� Cindy was sweating
and breathing very hard as she continued to hold onto Paul as tight as she
could as she tried to catch her breath after having such a powerful and intense
orgasm with this man.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� Stella was ready
to introduce them to her exciting idea and moved close to the couple which was
still screwing next to the bed and said. �That was so wonderful and exciting to
watch and I can�t wait until I see Paul shot his very potent seed deep inside
your womb.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella continued
to speak and said. �Cindy. I want you to ask Paul to carry you into the
bathroom while he keeps his cock embedded inside you and have him place you on
the counter next to the toilet.�

&nbsp;

�� Cindy was still
trying to catch her breath but didn�t hesitate as she replied to Paul and said
in between her deep breathing. �Paul . . . Please . . . Take me into the
bathroom . . . Like Stella said . . . Keep screwing me . . . Please . . . �

&nbsp;

�� Paul walked into
the bathroom holding Cindy in his big arms and placed her onto the counter next
to the toilet as she had asked him to do with her as he continued moving his
large cock inside her stretched pussy.

&nbsp;

� Cindy still had
her arms wrapped around his neck and her legs were semi-wrapped around his
waist. Her heels were sort of resting on his ass with the heels digging into
his skin but it didn�t seem to bother him and maybe it turned him on because he
didn�t even seem to wench from any pain that it must have been causing him at
that moment.

&nbsp;

�� Stella opened a
drawer on the vanity and walked over next to the couple and held up Cindy�s
packet of birth control pills so she could see them and say. �Cindy. Are you
ready to discard these pills today and maybe become the first wife to have a
chance to breed with her black boyfriend?�

&nbsp;

� Cindy was
breathing hard as she glanced at the packet of pills as she worked her tight
pussy on Paul�s big black shaft.

&nbsp;

�� Stella spoke
again and said. �It�s totally up to you now and if you want a chance too win
that large sum of money than now is the time to make your decision.�

&nbsp;

�� Paul was working
his cock into Cindy�s tight pussy which appeared to be distracting her from
thinking straight and keeping her from making a decision. Cindy gasped for air
and took a deep breath before she made her reply and blurted out and said. �OK
. . .� Yes . . .� Fine . . .�
I�ll do it . . .� Yes . . .� Through them away . . .� I won�t take them any more . . .� Get rid of them . . . �

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled and
chuckled as she held the packet of birth control pills in the air near Cindy�s
face and said. �Why don�t you tell Paul that you would like him to take hold of
the packet and punch all of the pills out and toss them into the toilet for
you?�

&nbsp;

�� Stella waited to
see if Cindy would follow through with her directions but didn�t have to wait
long as Cindy kissed Paul on the lips and continued kissing his face as she
whispered to him and said. �Take the pills from Stella and punch them out into
the toilet like she said to do with them.�

&nbsp;

�� 

��� This shocked
Stella because she had thought she would have to do more talking and maybe
Cindy would change her mind but she seemed very determined to go through with
this as she handed Paul the tiny packet and watched as he held the packet out
next to him and over the toilet and started to punch out the tiny pills into
the water until they were all gone.

&nbsp;

� Paul gave Stella
the empty packet and she held them up in front of Cindy�s face and said. �That
was very good! Now there is nothing that is going to stop you from trying to be
the first wife to become pregnant with her black boyfriend.�

&nbsp;

� There wasn�t any
reply from Cindy nor Paul as he picked her tiny body back off the vanity and
walked back into the bedroom and placed her onto the mattress and climbed on
top of her and mounted her as easily as he had before.

&nbsp;

� Within seconds,
Cindy�s legs were wrapped tightly around Paul�s ass while she kept her hands on
his big shoulders digging her nails into his back as he screwed her as hard as
he could. Cindy was having another orgasm as she yelled out to Paul to keep
Fucking her harder.

&nbsp;

� Paul started to
groan loud and Stella knew he was about to shoot his load of thick seed inside
of Cindy�s pussy and watched as the big man kept driving himself down onto the
tiny white woman and finally let out a very loud yell and held himself down and
deep into Cindy�s pussy as he released his thick load inside her womb.

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled
because this had been everything she had ever hoped for and knew it wouldn�t be
long before she would have all of these women pregnant with black babies.

&nbsp;

� Paul held himself
deep inside her pussy for several minutes while he caught his breath and began
too slowly withdrawal from her tight pussy until the head appeared with a plop
leaving Cindy�s pussy gaped open with the huge white puddle of seed clearly
visible inside.

&nbsp;

� Stella stepped
forward and held Cindy�s feet in the air as Paul laid down next to Cindy on the
bed with sweat pouring off his face. Stella had brought some towels in from the
bathroom and tossed one to Paul to whip off his face as she continued to hold
Cindy�s legs in the air.

&nbsp;

�� After keeping her
legs up high for several minutes and watching Paul kissing Cindy on the lips
again, she finally let go of her legs letting them lay flat on the bed and saw
Paul�s seed leaking out onto the blanket leaving a large wet puddle.

&nbsp;

� Stella rubbed
Cindy�s thigh and said. �You did very well today and now I�m going to leave you
here with Paul and go see what the other wives are up to. Feel free to screw
the rest of the day in here, I�ll have your lunch brought into here for you
both so you don�t have to leave.�

&nbsp;

� Cindy was still
laying on the bed looking at Paul as she walked out of the suit leaving them
alone and hoping they would mate a few times more that day. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� She had to hurry
and see what the other wives were up to because she wanted each of them to have
an equal chance to get pregnant the same time as Cindy. Stella giggled to
herself wondering if it was possible that all the wives would become pregnant
at the same time and they would have a tie.

&nbsp;

�� Stella walked
down the hall looking for Jeanette thinking about a tie and knew she already
worked out a solution for that problem.

� 

�� Hope you enjoyed
the second chapter. I was lucky enough to be screwed by a black man on video
just like Cindy was in mid air and it was exciting. I have more chapters coming
and if you would like to read more about me geting pregnant myself with a black
baby than rea my bio.

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

�� 

&nbsp;

������� 














      Stella was very happy knowing she succeeded with the first wife
but had her work cut out for her as she finally found Je

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-03-21T00:54:00Z
  2006-03-21T00:54:00Z
  1
  3033
  17289
   
  144
  40
  20282
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

����� Stella was
very happy knowing she succeeded with the first wife but had her work cut out
for her as she finally found Jeanette near the pool talking to a completely
different black man named Curtis.

&nbsp;

����� Stella walked
toward the couple and smiled as she glanced at Curtis first than at Jeanette
saying, �Jeanette. I see your talking to another man this morning? Is
everything going fine with you?�

&nbsp;

��� Stella�s heart
almost gave out when she noticed Jeanette was wearing her wedding rings again
and regained her composer saying, �Jeanette, can I speak to you alone for a
moment?�

&nbsp;

�� Stella took
Jeanette away from Curtis who stood patiently waiting and asked, �Jeanette,
your wearing your wedding band this morning, I thought we had a good talk last
night about the importance of leaving our rings in our rooms?�

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette shook
her head in agreement as she replied, �It sort of works in reverse for me
because I feel like I would be cheating if I didn�t wear them.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella placed her
hand on Jeanette�s shoulder saying, �Your very nervous and unsure of your
thoughts right now but I�m here to help guide you along and give you as much
encouragement as you need. I want you and the other wives to have the same chance
at winning as Cindy right now and don�t want any obstacles getting in the way.����������������� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� Jeanette looked at
Stella with a� little shyness as she
replied, �Do you mean that Cindy has already made love with her black lover?�

&nbsp;

� Stella nodded her
head and replied, �Yes, I�m afraid she has beat every one of you and has gone a
step further by disposing of her birth control pills this morning and allowing
her lover to mate with her without any use of birth control.�

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette
expression turned to disappointment as she learned about Cindy but Stella
quickly said, �Honey, don�t you worry. You still have plenty of time this
morning to catch up to Cindy and the other women. Why don�t we take Curtis up
to your suite and I�ll make sure you�re comfortable with him and get you
started in the right direction?�

&nbsp;

� Stella motioned
for Curtis to take Jeanette�s hand and they walked up to her suite together.
Stella smiled at them once they entered the suite and said. �Curtis, you�re a
very fine example of one of our finest studs here and I�m sure Jeanette will be
very pleased once you�ve made love to her.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella walked
next to Curtis and rubbed the palm of her hand on his muscular chest saying,
�Oh

My lord. You�re a very lucky woman to have picked out such
a big muscular handsome black stud to mate with you. Look at his gorgeous
body!�

&nbsp;

��� She glanced at
Jeanette and said, �Have you taken a look to see what his cock yet?�

&nbsp;

��� Jeanette was
embarrassed as she nodded her head that she hadn�t as Stella took hold of his
satin pants and tugged them down his muscular legs until his huge black cock
was exposed.

&nbsp;

��� Jeanette looked
to shy to stare at the cock as Stella began stroking the massive shaft with her
hand saying, �Jeanette. Have you ever seen anyone this large?�

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette had
never seen such a huge member on any human in her life and had to be almost
three times the thickness of her husband�s penis. It scared her just looking at
its size and watched as it grew even larger as Stella continued to stroke it.

&nbsp;

� Stella let go of
the huge cock and walked behind Jeanette and helped her take off the teddy she
was wearing leaving her standing naked in front of Curtis except for her high
heel shoes.  

&nbsp;

� Jeanette tried to
smile at Curtis whom she got to know really well except she still felt shy
being exposed to this huge black man standing only a couple of feet away from
her naked.

&nbsp;

� Stella glanced up
at the camera�s to make sure they were capturing every moment for the show as
she took hold of Jeanette�s hand and placed its palm on Curtis�s chest and
said, �I want you to get accustomed to touching his firm body. I want you to
close your eyes and pretend your rubbing your husband�s chest.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette massaged
Curtis�s chest with the palm of her hand as she kept her eyes closed. Stella
took hold of Curtis�s hand and placed it on Jeanette�s tit and motioned for him
to massage them.

Jeanette had large breasts and the contrast of his dark
hand on her tits were even making Stella horny.

&nbsp;

�� Stella watched
the couple as they touched each other and spoke softly to Jeanette saying,
�Open your eyes and tell me what you see.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette opened
her eyes and looked at Curtis who was massaging her tits making her nipples
poke straight out. She was afraid to look directly into his eyes but managed to
reply to Stella and said, �I see a handsome black man touching my breasts and
making my nipples hard.�

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled as
she replied. �Good. He�s stimulating your breasts and causing you to be
aroused. Tell him you like it and want him to touch you in other places.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette was shy
and only looked toward Stella as she hesitantly tried to look and tell Curtis
what she wanted to tell him to do to her. 

&nbsp;

� Stella walked next
to Curtis and said, �Please,� lay on the
bed and we�ll see if Jeanette will have the courage to join you.�

&nbsp;

�� Curtis dropped
his hand away from Jeanette�s tits and backed up to the bed and laid down and
waited to see what Stella was going to do next. 

&nbsp;

�� Stella took
Jeanette into the bathroom where she opened the cabinet and got out a bottle of
lotion saying, �This is a strawberry flavor lotion and we can use it anywhere
on your body or on Curtis. Now let us go out there and have a little fun with
your mate!�

&nbsp;

� They walked back
into the bathroom and Stella motioned for Jeanette to climb up into the bed
next to Curtis. Once Jeanette sat on her knees next to Curtis, Stella climbed
up next to her and gave her the bottle saying, �Put a little of the lotion on
his abdomen and gently rub it into his skin for me.�

�

�� Jeanette�s hands
were trembling as she slowly squirted a small amount of lotion on Curtis and
started to massage it around in small circles. When she thought she was
finished, Stella took the bottle away from her and put a dab of it on her own
hand.

&nbsp;

� �Stella extended her arm out between Jeanette�s
legs and cupped the palm of her hand over Jeanette�s neatly shaved pussy mound
and massaged the lotion completely around her mound. She took a second dab and
applied the same amount to Jeanette�s inner thighs than another dab on her
belly near her navel.

&nbsp;

� Stella took hold
of Jeanette�s hands and poured a small amount in each palm and said, �Darling,
take hold of his cock and gently massage the lotion into his skin for me and
don�t be afraid.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette slowly
reached for Curtis�s cock and gently wrapped her fingers along the huge shaft
and began to move them up and down spreading the lotion along the large pole.
Stella reached out and moved Jeanette�s hands down to his balls and made sure
she was getting the lotion on them as well.

&nbsp;

�� Stella waited
until Jeanette covered most of the area she wanted her to do than gave her the
next instruction saying, �Honey, I want you to climb on top of him now and
straddle his head with your legs and slid yourself back until your pussy
touches his chin.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette
hesitantly climbed on top of the large black man and swung her leg over his
head and positioned herself above his face as she was told. Curtis immediately
gave her inner thigh a gentle kiss sending shivers across Jeanette�s body as
she felt his lips on her.

&nbsp;

� Stella leaned down
close to Jeanette�s face saying, �Wiggle your little ass above his face and
he�ll know what you would like him to do for you.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette wiggled
her ass and within seconds she felt Curtis�s tongue begin to lick her pussy
mound. Curtis was expertly working his tongue over the entire mound and
skillfully flickering his tongue along the edge of her pussy lips and
occasionally touching her clitoris. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette was than
instructed to take hold of Curtis�s cock and gently lick the giant mushroom
head and along the side than take him into her mouth. She didn�t have any
trouble licking but when it came time to place the large head into her mouth
she looked up at Stella saying. �I�ve never done this before in my life.�

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled at
Jeanette saying, �When your husband watches the show, he�ll want you to do this
to him. Now slowly take the head into your mouth and flicker your tongue across
the head.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette was still
afraid so Stella leaned down further and took the head of his cock into her own
mouth and began to show Jeanette what she would like her to do. Jeanette
watched the experienced woman as she licked the giant cock and finally
positioned herself over the huge cock and lowered her head straight down the
shaft until the whole thing was inside her mouth.

&nbsp;

� Jeanette could
hear gurgling noises coming from Stella�s throat and watch as Stella moved her
head up and down several times. She was having a hard time concentrating now because
Curtis was giving her pussy a good workout with his tongue causing her hips to
sway over his head.

&nbsp;

� Stella backed away
and said, �Now it�s your turn, let me see how well you can suck him.�

&nbsp;

� Curtis was getting
her aroused with his licking movements on her pussy and Stella smiled to
herself watching the way Jeanette�s body began to respond and waited as
Jeanette took the large cock into her mouth and tried to repeat what she had
done a few seconds ago.

&nbsp;

� After several
short attempts to take the cock into her mouth, Jeanette finally stretched her
head out far enough and slowly engulfed the large cock into her mouth until she
had it fully embedded into her throat.

&nbsp;

�� Stella helped her
along and placed her hand on Jeanette�s cheek and gently moved her fingers over
her skin as if she were telling Jeanette how well she was doing. Jeanette was
aroused very much from the licking she was receiving from Curtis and was now
pushing her pussy mound down into his face.

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette was
actually moaning now as her hips swayed and she began rotating from each side
trying to get in as much contact with his tongue as possible. Her body began to
quiver and Stella gave her encouragement as she began trembling much more now
and finally screamed out loud and had a powerful orgasm.

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette kept
screaming as Curtis expertly used his tongue on her pussy until Jeanette
finally relaxed and caught her breath and whispered to Stella saying. �I never
had an orgasm with a man licking my pussy.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella laughed as
she replied, �Honey, you�re in for many more treats from your mate so enjoy
every moment of it. I want you to turn around and straddle his legs and lean
down and kiss your man and tell him how wonderfully he made you feel just now.�

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette quickly
turned herself around and leaned down and kissed Curtis on the lips. Stella
watched as the kiss continued as saw their tongues mingling and thought to
herself that she wouldn�t have to coach her very much on kissing.

&nbsp;

� Jeanette repeated
what Stella had told her only in her own words saying, �Curtis. Your tongue
felt so good down there. I never had a man lick me to orgasm before, you seem
to take your time and hit all the right spots for me.�

&nbsp;

� Stella was smiling
as she spoke out to Jeanette as she watched them kissing again and said,
�You�ll have many new idea�s to take home to your husband when you leave here
so learn as much as you can and enjoy yourself.�

&nbsp;

� Stella continued
and said, �honey, I want you to scoot yourself back until his cock is sitting
between your legs and just touching your pussy mound.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette moved
until she was in the portioned that Stella had wanted and watched as Curtis�s
cock slipped up and touched her belly leaving a wet trail of pre cum on her
skin. Jeanette didn�t appear to be as nervous now but Stella knew she would
have to give her encouragement to get her to impale herself on the giant black
shaft.

&nbsp;

� She began saying,
�Jeanette. I want you to raise yourself off his legs now and take your hand and
reach down and hold it near your pussy lips. Once you get him in place I want
you to start rocking your body and moving the head between your pussy lips
until he lodges himself inside you.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette took her
hand and grabbed the cock and raised herself off and positioned herself so she
could place the cock head at the entrance of her pussy. She had to raise
herself off more than she figured and Stella helped steady her as she slowly
began moving the large head in place.

&nbsp;

� Jeanette asked,
�Shouldn�t I have him put on a condom?�

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled
saying, �Honey. Your taking birth control right now so there is nothing to
worry about at the moment. Go ahead and lodge the head inside your pussy and be
prepared to feel it stretch your muscles. Once you get accustomed to his size,
I�ll have you work yourself down his shaft.�

&nbsp;

� Stella watched as
Jeanette worked with the giant cock and saw her body stiffen as the head lodged
itself inside the small woman and said. �Its all right, it will stretch you at
first but I want you to and enjoy it and you�ll soon find out what I mean.�

&nbsp;

� Stella was very
surprised as she watched Jeanette work her little white body down on the big
cock, Curtis was giving her a little help but allowed Jeanette to work it
inside her pussy at her own speed.

&nbsp;

� It didn�t take
long before Curtis was fully impaled inside Jeanette and Stella leaned over and
kissed Jeanette�s face saying, �You did it! Now I want you to sit straight up
and allow Curtis to hold onto your hands as he flexes his hips up and stretched
your pussy. Don�t be afraid of Curtis, he�ll be very gentle with you and try
not to let it hurt.�

&nbsp;

� Once Jeanette had
fully impaled herself, Stella moved herself on the bed and sat right next to
Jeanette and began speaking.

&nbsp;

� �Do you feel
comfortable sitting on that large black cock?�

&nbsp;

�� Jeanette
responded by nodding her head as she rotated her hips above Curtis and must be
working her pussy muscles on his cock because Curtis was moaning and Stella
responded saying, �Good. You�re very talented and I knew you wouldn�t have any
trouble once you got him inside your pussy.�

&nbsp;

�� Stella encouraged
Jeanette, �Keep moving your little ass for your mate and lean forward so he can
lick and suck on your tits.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette didn�t
hesitate at all as she leaned forward and Curtis began sucking on each tit and
gently bitting on her nipples causing her to moan. Stella was surprised to see
Jeanette�s body began to tremble and shake again until she let out a loud
scream and had another orgasm.

&nbsp;

� �Oh . . . God . .
. Yes . . . I�m . . . cuming . . . �

&nbsp;

� It took several
minutes for Jeanette to calm down and Stella whispered in her ear saying, �I
want you to do another thing for me. I want you to gain as many points as the
other wives and allow Curtis to take your wedding rings off your finger. Will
you allow him to do that?�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette nodded
her head and agreed as Stella took hold of her left hand and handed it to
Curtis and he immediately started to twist the wedding rings off Jeanette�s
finger until it slipped off completely.

&nbsp;

� Stella motioned
for Curtis to give them a toss on the floor and he responded and tossed them on
the floor. The sound of the wedding band and engagement ring could be heard
throughout the room as he began pushing his hips up faster into Jeanette�s
pussy.

&nbsp;

� Stella was very
pleased at what she was witnessing and knew that she had one more task to
accomplish today. She whimpered into Jeanette�s ear saying, �I�ll be back in a
moment. Keep fucking Curtis until I return, your doing very good.�

����������������������������������������������������������������������������������� 

��� Jeanette
continued to ride his cock as Curtis began pushing himself into her with more
force. When Stella returned to the bedroom, she could hear them breathing heavy
as if they were in heat. Stella knew that it wouldn�t be long before Curtis
shot his load of black baby seed into Jeanette and wanted to prepare for that
stage as soon as possible.

&nbsp;

�� Stella climbed
back on the bed next to Jeanette and saw how wet Jeanette�s pussy had become
from the fucking she was getting from this huge black man.

&nbsp;

��� �Stella had the couple change positions and
waited until Curtis mounted Jeanette and sunk his cock into her pussy until his
balls slapped against her white ass. She was very excited herself and reached
down and massaged the huge balls and felt the wetness around the massive cock.

&nbsp;

��� Jeanette�s pussy
lips were stretched very thin like a rubber band around the massive shaft.
Jeanette had bent her legs and rested her feet on Curtis�s giant thighs as he
slowly fucked her pussy.

&nbsp;

�� Stella paused for
a few seconds until she thought of another idea and turned toward Jeanette
saying, �OK, you can start encouraging your mate to cum inside your pussy. I
want you to tell him you want him to plant his seed in you.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��� Curtis kept
screwing Jeanette with more force as she rested her feet on his thighs and dug
her nails into his back. Curtis knocked the wind out of her lungs with each
shove he made inside her tight pussy. Stella watched how expertly this man made
love to this woman.

&nbsp;

�� It only took a
few more minutes before Curtis began to tighten his body and Stella watched as
the man shoved himself into Jeanette a couple more times than let out a loud
scream that he was going to cum

&nbsp;

�� Stella placed her
hand on his ass and felt Curtis jerk each time he shot a stream into Jeanette.
He continued for several more seconds and held himself inside her pussy for
another minute than started to back out until Stella stopped him.

&nbsp;

�� Stella held her
hand on his ass while she leaned down saying, �Jeanette. I�m going to give you
your birth control pills and I want you to give them to Curtis and allow him to
flush them into the toilet for you.�

&nbsp;

� She gave the
packet to Jeanette who was trying to catch her breath and looked at Stella
saying, �If I don�t take these pills, I could become pregnant with a black
baby.�

&nbsp;

� Stella replied,
�Honey, the other wives are going through with this just like you and your
husband signed an agreement with us so he will know what to expect when you
return home to him.�

&nbsp;

� Jeanette looked
upset as she held the packet in her hand and looked down toward her pussy
knowing a huge load of black seed was now inside her.

&nbsp;

� She slowly moved
her hand giving the packet to Curtis and Stella immediately responded and said,
�Good. Now you go and flush those down the toilet while I stay here and hold
Jeanette�s legs in the air. I don�t want any of this seed to escape until it
has time to reach its destination.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� Stella held
Jeanette�s legs in the air as they watched Curtis plop out of her pussy and get
out of the bed and listened until the sound of the toilet flushing could be
heard in the room. Curtis walked back with the empty packet and gave it to
Stella.

&nbsp;

�� His cock was
still rock hard as Stella gave him his next instruction saying, �Curtis. I want
you to push your cock back into Jeanette and push your seed deep into her
belly. You can continue pushing it inside her until you cum again.�

&nbsp;

� Curtis positioned
his cock between the folds of her pussy and pushed himself inside Jeanette.
Stella had been watching a large thick pool of cum trying to escape Jeanette�s
pussy a few seconds ago and now it had disappeared back inside her.

&nbsp;

� Stella watched as
the big black man continued fucking Jeanette until Jeanette began to respond
again and reached another orgasm kicking her feet high into the air.

&nbsp;

� Curtis kept
screwing Jeanette for several more minutes until he shot another thick load of
seed deep inside her belly.

&nbsp;

� Stella gave her
encouragement to Curtis saying, �That was so wonderful, now you can enjoy each
other the rest of the afternoon.�

&nbsp;

� Stella got out of
the bed and stood watching them screw again and just as she was about to leave
the suite, Jeanette had another orgasm.

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled as
she walked out of the room leaving them alone and pulled a tiny pad out of her
pocket and wrote another remark next to Jeanette�s name. She was on her way to
find out what the other wives were doing and decided she would focus on Diana
next.

&nbsp;

� She had to wonder
to herself if she had taken the show too far this time. She shook her head
thinking about these wives walking around the mansion with swollen tummies�.
They were going to have some explaining to do when they got home and the show
aired. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














    

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-05-23T23:04:00Z
  2006-05-23T23:04:00Z
  1
  2391
  13629
   
  113
  31
  15989
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








��� 

&nbsp;

�� Stella opened the
door of the suite hoping to find Lisa but the room was dark. Stella glanced in
the bedroom and saw that the bed covers were ruffled. Could Lisa have brought
her boyfriend back to the room?

&nbsp;

�� Stella picked up
her pager and called the control room trying to find out where Lisa had gone.

Phil, one of the producers answered. 

&nbsp;

� �Phil. Did Lisa
come up here with her boyfriend already?�

&nbsp;

� �No Stella. She
was there about an hour ago Marvin but she got cold feet and they walked
outside near the pool.�

&nbsp;

� �OK. Let me go
talk to her.�

&nbsp;

� �Stella. She�s on
the East end of the pool near the bushes and that guy Marvin just walked into
his dorm room by himself.�

&nbsp;

� Stella walked
swiftly down the hallway and down the stairs making her way outside to the pool
area. Lisa was right where Phil had said she was and appeared as if she were
crying. Stella almost ran where Lisa was seated and quickly leaned down to
comfort the young wife.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. What�s
wrong? Did something happen with your boyfriend today?�

&nbsp;

� Lisa was wiping
her eyes and sniffled as she looked up at Stella saying. �I don�t want to do
this any more!�

&nbsp;

� Stella placed her
arms around Lisa as she tried to comfort the attractive blonde wife. 

&nbsp;

� �Tell me what
happened? Did Marvin say something that hurt you or scare you today?�

&nbsp;

� Lisa wiped her
eyes again and looked up at Stella as she replied. �No. I�m afraid. I don�t
want to lose my husband! I just want to go home today.�

&nbsp;

� �Honey. You�re not
going to lose your husband over this. This is all a part of the show. I�m sure
he will understand when he finds out how much money you were playing for. Don�t
be afraid. You must trust me on this.�

&nbsp;

� Stella continued
to comfort Lisa and had an idea.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. This is
the final phase of our show this week and I don�t want you to leave here
without winning something to take home. Why don�t we go and find Marvin and
I�ll go back to your suite with him and help you through this?�

&nbsp;

� It took several
minutes to persuade Lisa to look for Marvin but within minutes, they were
walking toward his dorm to pick him up. 

&nbsp;

� The three of them
walked into the suite together and as Stella opened the door and turned around,
she saw that Lisa was holding Marvin�s hand for comfort. At least that was a
positive start!

&nbsp;

� Lisa sat down on
the sofa as Marvin waited for Stella to sit but instead she held her hand on
his shoulder and said. �Why don�t you stand in front of Lisa next to the sofa
for me?�

&nbsp;

� Marvin smiled at
Stella as he walked over and stood in front of Lisa about a foot away from her
legs. Marvin was tall and muscular. His skin was as black as coal but he was
handsome. 

&nbsp;

� Stella smiled at
Lisa who was looking embarrassed right now.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. Don�t be
shy. Tell me what you�ve done with Marvin up to this point. Have you kissed him
yet?�

&nbsp;

� �Yes. We kissed.�

&nbsp;

� �Have you touched
Marvin�s penis or seen how large he was yet?�

&nbsp;

�� Lisa shook her
head no.

&nbsp;

� �Have you allowed
Marvin to see you completely naked or has he touched you anywhere yet?�

&nbsp;

�� Lisa shook her
head no again.

&nbsp;

�� Stella noticed
Lisa had removed her wedding rings which were another good sign and decided to
proceed with her next question.

&nbsp;

� �Why don�t you
lean forward and slowly pull down Marvin�s silk pants so we can have a look at
how big he is?�

&nbsp;

� Lisa starred at
Stella with a hesitant expression on her face.

&nbsp;

� �Don�t be afraid.
I�m right here if you need me. Marvin isn�t going to hurt you.� He is here for your enjoyment and give you
pleasure and I want you to pretend like a single woman again.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa moved herself
toward the edge of the sofa cushion and starred straight ahead at Marvin�s
pants. Marvin had an erection and his thin silk pants were stretched out in
front as he stood there waiting for the blonde wife to pull down his pants.

&nbsp;

� Lisa looked like a
young school girl afraid to make another move but was determined to proceed and
put her dainty white hands on Marvin�s pants and began slipping them off.��� 

&nbsp;

�� Lisa pulled on
the thin material as quickly as she could, allowing Marvin�s huge black cock to
spring free just inches away from her face. Lisa got scared and leaned back on
the sofa as Stella moved closer holding her hand out to the young housewife.

&nbsp;

� �Lisa. Give me
your hand.�

&nbsp;

�� Lisa�s hand was trembling as she extended it
out to Stella and allowed herself to be pulled to her feet by the older woman.
As Lisa stood up, she was only inches away from Marvin who was still standing
in front of her.

&nbsp;

� �Lisa. Turn around
so Marvin can slip your nightie over your head.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa was nervous
as she looked at Stella and closed her eyes as she slowly turned around and
faced the wall behind the sofa. Stella motioned to Marvin who took hold of
Lisa�s nightie near her waist and began pulling it over the frightened
housewife�s head.

&nbsp;

� �That�s right.
Don�t be frightened. Just keep your eyes closed until you feel the material
completely off your body than open your eyes again and face me.�

&nbsp;

�� Marvin pulled the
thin black night up and over Lisa head but not before it caught on her tits
before breaking free, making them jiggle as the nightie was pulled away.

&nbsp;

� Lisa�s tits were
huge for her petite size.� Her tiny waist
looked very small in comparison. Lisa�s small but round ass stuck out toward
Marvin in an inviting manor.

&nbsp;

� Stella took hold
of Lisa�s hand again and held her tight.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. Don�t be
afraid. I want you to open your eyes now and slowly turn around and face Marvin
now.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa opened her
eyes and faced Stella and took a deep breath and turned around until she was
facing Marvin. He was standing only inches from her body. The contrast of their
skin was like night and day. Lisa�s skin was very pale.

&nbsp;

� Stella had let go
of Lisa�s hand allowing her to turn around but took hold of her arm this time
and slowly moved her had up until she was touching Marvin�s chest. She moved
her hand over Lisa�s until Lisa�s palm was flat against Marvin�s chest.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. I want you
to rub your hand over Marvin�s chest and allow him to do the same to you. Go
ahead and tell Marvin it�s all right for him to touch your breasts.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa hesitated as
she stood in front of Marvin gently moving her hand on his chest. She finally
got the courage to speak.

&nbsp;

�� �Marvin. Its all
right if you want to touch my breasts if you like.�

&nbsp;

�� Marvin wasn�t
nervous at all and placed his hands over her tits until her large nipples were
completely covered under his big black hands.

&nbsp;

� �Marvin. Go ahead
and massage Lisa�s tits. Make her feel like a woman. Look into Lisa�s eyes and
let her see the lust you have for her.�

&nbsp;

� Marvin began
massaging her large tits, giving them a little squeeze with his fingers and
cupping them in the palm of his hands. Lisa had closed her eyes but continued
to slowly massage Marvin�s chest as he touched her.

&nbsp;

� �Lisa. I want you
to continue massaging Marvin�s chest and slowly work your hands down to his
belly and than I want you to take hold of his beautiful black cock for me.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa kept massaging
Marvin�s chest without any hesitation except Stella soon saw she was taking
extra time on his stomach. She seemed to be afraid to move her hands further
down and touch his cock.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. Go ahead
and touch his cock. I want you to slowly move your fingers on it and tell me
what your thinking. Go ahead. Take it in your hand.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa stopped
moving her hands and Stella saw that Lisa�s fingers were trembling now and her
eyes were shut. Stella� sensed that Lisa
was going to start crying so she walked next to her again and rubbed her on her
shoulders.

&nbsp;

� �Honey. You�re
doing so well now. Take hold of him in your little hands and feel it�s size.�

&nbsp;

� Lisa�s hands
finally started to move slowly down his stomach until her fingers came in
contact with his huge black shaft. Stella was getting ready to give Lisa a
little more encouragement but Lisa surprised her and circled her fingers around
the huge shaft.

&nbsp;

� Marvin was still
massaging Lisa�s tits as she played with his cock. Marvin�s eyes were closed
now as he enjoyed the soft touch of the tiny white blonde wife in front of him.


&nbsp;

� Stella was using
patience with Lisa knowing fully aware that any wrong move would scare this
sweet housewife. Stella was still holding her hand on Lisa�s shoulder and
smiling at her. 

&nbsp;

� �Honey. That�s
wonderful.� I�m so proud of you! Honey.
How does it feel? Can you feel the veins protruding from its skin?�

&nbsp;

� Lisa tried to
speak but seemed to be choked up at the moment but than there was a response!

&nbsp;

� �It�s hot! He�s
throbbing in my hand! Um . . . I can feel the veins. Yes! It�s so big. Bigger
than my husband�s.�

&nbsp;

��� Stella smiled
and took her hand away from Lisa�s shoulder and began to clap her hands
together.

&nbsp;

�� �Honey. I�m so
happy for you! This will give you extra bonus points for giving it a second
try. All you have to do is stay calm and relax and enjoy what�s going on here.
I�m going to let Marvin do as he pleases with you. Are you comfortable with
that?�

&nbsp;

� Lisa kept her eyes
closed but smiled as she responded by shaking her head that she was OK with the
idea.

&nbsp;

� �Marvin. It�s OK
now if you want to touch Lisa in other places. Be gentle with her and remember
that Lisa is still a little hesitant so I want you to make her feel as if she
is very special. I know you can give her much pleasure and I want you to earn
her trust. Now if you�re ready, I want you to begin.�

&nbsp;

� Marvin massaged
Lisa�s tits a few more seconds and dropped his hands near their side and slowly
lowered his hands down to her tiny waist and began circling his hands around
and cupped her ass in his big black hands.

&nbsp;

� Marvin gave them a
gentle squeeze and kissed the top of Lisa�s head as she continued stroking his
cock. Lisa�s had moved her left hand down and was massaging his balls with her
dainty fingers at the same time her right hand kept stroking his cock.

&nbsp;

� Marvin leaned down
and whispered into Lisa�s ear causing her to smile. Stella was surprised to see
Lisa respond by tilting her head up as they locked in a passionate wet kiss.
Stella saw that Marvin�s tongue had entered Lisa�s mouth and she glanced up at
the wall where a camera was positioned to see if it was zooming in for the
kiss.

&nbsp;

� Lisa circled her arms
around Marvin, pulling on the back of his head as they remained locked in the
passionate kiss. Marvin�s hands were moving all over Lisa�s tiny white body as
they began breathing much harder now and finally broke the kiss. 

&nbsp;

� Stella kept quite
as she watched them move around until Marvin sat in the center of the sofa and
watched Lisa straddling his legs. 

�

� Lisa wrapped her
arms around Marvin�s neck and began kissing him again as he squeezed her ass.
Stella had no intention to interrupt them but kept a short distance from the
sofa and kept quite.

&nbsp;

� Stella�s eyes
happened to catch an object on the cocktail table. It was a packet of birth
control pills. Stella was puzzled and wondered how they ended up on that table.
She would have surely seen them when they entered the room.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� Stella would later
learn that Lisa had been carrying them in her hand all that time. She would
also learn later that Lisa had spoken to one of the other wives and was told of
what they experienced. She would also learn that was the reason why Lisa had
become so hesitant.����������� 

&nbsp;

� Stella�s mind was
already working as she watched Lisa with Marvin. She wasn�t going to do the
same thing she had done to the other wives. No. She wasn�t going to put Lisa
through this at all. Her birth control pills would stay. She could take them.

&nbsp;

� Stella made a
mental note to herself. Marvin wouldn�t have to get the male contraceptive that
the other men had taken. There wouldn�t be any reason for him to take it if
Stella allowed her to take her pills. 

&nbsp;

� Yes. He would be
the only one not to take any contraceptives. She found a little humor thinking
about the other wives and how easily they were persuaded to discard their birth
control pills. They should be lucky that everything was planned out so
carefully. 

&nbsp;

� Gosh. Stella
wondered how gullible these women had become over a little money! Stella had a
thought! Maybe these wives had figured out what they were doing. Maybe they all
knew they would be protected from having an unwanted pregnancy.

&nbsp;

� It didn�t really
matter if they knew, she�d let them wonder. They most likely figured out that
the men were taking a contraceptive anyway.

&nbsp;

� Stella�s mind
drifted back to Lisa and Marvin and saw the blonde wife was now arched up on
her knee�s feeding Marvin her nipples. Marvin resembled a little boy getting
milk from his mother�s breasts the way he was sucking them.

&nbsp;

� They were moving
fast! Marvin�s cock was poking straight up between Lisa�s little ass cheeks
along the crack. Marvin�s body was humping up dry fucking Lisa while her little
body squirmed above him.

&nbsp;

� Stella watched as
Lisa reached around and took the huge black shaft into her hand and lifted her
body up a few more inches and began to insert the giant head between her pussy
lips.

&nbsp;

� Lisa�s little body
was rotating around the shaft until Stella finally saw the head lodge into the
parted lips of her pussy. Lisa sort of tightened up for a few seconds as her
pussy got accustomed to its enormous size.

&nbsp;

� Marvin moved his
hands down and put them on Lisa�s ass trying to guide her on his cock. Lisa
kept squirming around until she was able to get most of the big shaft inside
her pussy.

&nbsp;

� Stella moved
closer and rubbed the palm of her hand on Lisa�s back, smiling and giving her
encouragement. 

&nbsp;

� �Honey. How does
he feel inside of you? Does it hurt at all?�

&nbsp;

�� Lisa could hardly
answer Stella�s question as she worked her tight pussy above Marvin�s huge
shaft. She was able to whisper a couple words out to Stella.

&nbsp;

� �It feels so . . .
Good . . . !�

&nbsp;

� Stella watched the
couple on the sofa for several minutes until Marvin raised himself carrying
Lisa with him and walked into the bedroom.

&nbsp;

� Marvin kept
himself impaled inside her tight little pussy all the way into the bedroom and
onto the bed and continued screwing her much harder once they got on the bed.

&nbsp;

� Lisa�s was having
her first orgasm and than it was followed by several more over the next half
hour.

&nbsp;

� Marvin screwed her
for almost forty five minutes before shooting his load of sperm dep inside her
belly.

&nbsp;

� Stella waited for
Marvin to roll off Lisa and stood looking at Lisa�s gaping pussy and saw the
puddle of cum that Marvin had just deposited inside her. 

&nbsp;

� Lisa lay their
trying to catch her breath from having so many orgasms in a roll. That was the
last thing Stella remembered about seeing Lisa and Marvin together that day.

&nbsp;

� Stella was glad it
was over. She hated reality shows with a passion but it made a lot of money for
her producers and herself.

&nbsp;

� The producers paid
out a lot of money to every wife who completed the show. Except for the lawsuit
brought on by Lisa and her husband.

&nbsp;

� Lisa got pregnant
and blamed the show and its producer. Yes. It seems that she had spoken to the
other wives and found out that all the men were taking male contraceptives. It
was against policy that any of the wives would speak to each other during the
taping of the show but they did anyway.

&nbsp;

� Lisa had stopped
taking her birth control pills that day she first had sex with Marvin thinking
that he was safe. As it turned out, he was the only man that didn�t get a
contraceptive shot like the other men. 

&nbsp;

� Stella had made
the decision for him not to take it because she decided that she wouldn�t ask
Lisa to stop taking her pills like she had the other wives.

&nbsp;

� Lisa was now six
months into her pregnancy and the courts will decide if the producer is at
fault. 

&nbsp;

� Stella laughed to
herself thinking about her producer and what he had planned next for another
show!

&nbsp;

Hope you ejoyed the last chapter to my story. I'm writing
a few new stories. You can visit my web site and read my profile at.
www.karenkayonline.com

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

�� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Kay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





