BDSM Library - Mary Jane Becomes A Sex Slave




Mary Jane Becomes A Sex Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: About the wife of Spiderman forced to become the personal slaves of his two 







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MARY JANE BECOMES A SEX SLAVE

Spiderman, Mary Jane (Peter Parker�s wife), Electro and Sandman are all 
Marvel Comics character. This is a non profit story and for people above 18.

By Sonya Esperanto (sonyaesperanto_15@hotmail.com)


Synopsis:

About the wife of Spiderman forced to become the personal slaves of his two 
enemies, in order for him to be spared his life, after they captured him.

Story:

Spiderman has for long been New York�s hero, capturing villains like Doc 
Ock, Green Goblin or the Punisher. But 2 villains had learned of his secret 
identity. It was Electro, master of Electricity and Sandman, the villain 
with the power to metamorphs his whole body into sand. The trap was simple. 
Lure Spidey into a warehouse and trap him. Of course Spidey as escaped 
captures so many times because the villains were too stupid yapping too 
much.

Not this time. Once caught, they totally beat the crap out of him. They even 
ripped his mask and sent it back to his apartment, inside a wrapped gift 
box. It was meant for Mary Jane, Spiderman�s beautiful model sexy Redhead 
wife, with those lovely long legs and nice firm ass.

By the time MJ got back from work, she found the Gift Box lying on the 
floor. She reaches for her house keys and lets herself in. Once inside, she 
takes the box with her and opens it up. MJ looks shocked. It is Peter�s mask 
and with a note attached to it.

The letter reads as:

Hello Mary Jane

This is Electro and Sandman. We have your beloved hubby. He is now our 
prisoner. We advise you not to call Black Cat or Captain America or the 
Police.
We want you to come alone. We want you to come to Doctor Octopus�s old 
hideout, that warehouse by the sea. You should know where it�s at (this is 
the same one we see in the Spiderman 2 movie).

PS , we want you to wear detective coat and hat


We don�t get to see the rest of the letters as we see MJ�s eyes widen up, 
looking scared and afraid. MJ moans, �You bastards. No way you would do this 
to me�.MJ crumples the letter, with tears flowing her eyes. MJ speaks to 
herself, �I must do it. For Peter�s sake�. MJ shakes her head, disagreeing 
with herself, �No MJ, Peter would kill you himself. He wouldn�t want you to 
do it�. MJ screams, �But I must. I must give in to Electro�s and Sandman�s 
perversed demands�.

MJ remembered a time when Incredible Hulk was possessed by a mass rapist El 
Dorade. He grabbed Peter and even beat him to a pulp but not enough to kill 
him. In front of MJ, he grabbed Peter with one hand�s grasp on his right arm 
and his other�s hand�s grasp on Peter�s left leg. He was going to break and 
tear Peter to pieces. MJ shook her frantically�. Unless MJ crawled to him 
and gave him a blow job A BLOW JOB FOR THE INCREDIBLE HULK (her mouth�s 
gonna sore). MJ did as he asked and had to grab the BIG GREEN DICK and it 
was even bigger than half her body. Possessed Hulk laughed, �Perhaps he 
changed his mind and wants to fuck MJ;s ass THE HULK WAY. But she didn�t 
have to do it as Hulk got hit from behind by the Avengers, saving Pete�s 
neck and MJ�s reputation and health, ass and mouth health.


Now MJ is back in reality. She must do it FOR PETER

DOC OCK�S ABANDONED WAREHOUSE

MJ got the taxi to drop her off not far from it, The taxi driver speaks, 
just as MJ opens the door, �You sure you want to get out here, miss�. Cab 
Driver was a Rastafarian (possibly the next Cap America). MJ gives him the 
money from her wallet and nods, �I am supposed to meet someone here�. Taxi 
Driver took the money, �Suit yourself. But you better have your mobile with 
you because here, there is no cab stand or bus stop. You are on your own�. 
MJ lies, �My friend has transport and I have my mobile�.

MJ gets out of the Cab and closes door behind her. The taxi drives off, 
leaving MJ now to her fate. The truth is, MJ didn�t bring her mobile over 
nor did she tell anyone else. After all, she had been instructed not to 
bring her mobile along. So she can�t call anyone for help.

In front of her stood, Doc Ock�s warehouse, his abandoned lab if you want to 
call it that way. MJ slowly walks until she finally reaches the large, big 
doors. She pushes them open and then once inside, closes the door behind 
her.

Electro�s Voice comes out of nowhere, �No one to help you nor I sense a 
mobile. You did good MJ. Follow my voice�. MJ nods and follows the voice as 
to where it�s coming from. The voice leads her to a corner of the warehouse 
that leads to a small room, that looks like an abandoned security office.

MJ enters in and then she sees Electro and Sandman smiling Peter has been 
chained&nbsp; from wrists, ankles,&nbsp; body towards the sides of the security room 
walls.
He looks really beaten up with a black eye and his fighting spirit 
diminished. Electro pulls Pete�s head up, �Look who showed up�. Pete, is 
already partly blank and kinda brainwashed, �MJ, you came�.

MJ cries, �Oh Peter�.

Sandman jokes, �Don�t you mean you hit the jackpot Tiger�. Electro and 
Sandman laugh. Sandman looks at MJ, lustfully, �We also noticed you are 
dressed like a detective, Mary Jane Watson parker�. MJ nods in silence.

Electro yanks Pete�s head really rough backwards, �Now as I said in the 
letter. It is best that you have complied with all our demands, well did 
you�. MJ nods in defeat.

Electro lets go off pete�s head, �Good.�. MJ asks them �Let Peter go�. 
Sandman speaks �Oh we will. But only if you do as we ask�. MJ speaks back 
weakenly �How do I know I can trust you?� Sandman scolds, �You don�t. But 
still if you don�t. we would kill him�.

MJ gasps and puts hand on her mouth, stupid MJ, really stupid.

Electro asks her, �So MJ are you ready to keep your part of the bargain�. MJ 
nods. Sandman laughs, �Good�.

Sandman commands �Now take off your jacket and cap Sherlock�.

MJ takes off her cap and throws it aside on the floor. She then takes off 
the jacket which is the very same jacket covering now her body. Walla MJ is 
completely naked. What a beautiful Redhead sight.

Sandman and Electro laugh and lust. MJ notices that both their cocks go 
stiff.

Electro tells MJ to stand still and not make a move. Electro is carrying 2 
rings. Once he is near MJ, �Now don�t move. Unless you wanna get hurt�. MJ 
frantically nods her head. Electro grabs her right breast, causing MJ some 
squeezing discomfort and with his finger pointed at her right nipple, lasers 
come out, shooting a hole through it. He does the same to the left breast. 
MJ now had nipple holes and that can mean only 1 thing. Electro puts rings 
though her nipples hence, MJ now has Nipple Rings, shiny and glorious. 
Sandman got a camcorder ready. Looks like they plan to film something.

Sandman hands the camcorder to Electro, �It�s ready�. Sandman angers out 
�This is making me horny. I can�t wait�. Sandman quickly bursts out into 
multiple sands and heads towards MJ, who is thinking&nbsp; an attacking sand 
dusts aren�t going to hurt me. The Sand Dusts start shooting upwards through 
her asshole and cunt, really fast and really hard. MJ is just hanging there, 
being pushed by sand attacks from in front and behind. Sandman is pussy and 
ass fucking her. MJ feels pain rather than pleasure while for Sandman it is 
pleasure, not pain. MJ�s head shakes and her Red hair shaking all over, like 
someone getting electrocuted. Electro watches and laughs. He has never seen 
sand entering a woman�s pussy nor a woman�s ass. But to see it flooding it. 
That was making him horny and his dick grow big. And also he is recording 
this (blackmail??)

After Sandman�s Sex`Sand attack, MJ collapses and falls to the floor. 
Sandman becomes himself again and tells Electro, �Your turn�.

Sandman is holding the Camcorder and Electro asks MJ to go on all 4s like a 
dog. He takes out his cock and starts ramming MJ, ass, ass fucking her. MJ 
moans in pain and we see Electro keep on pumping his cock while his hands 
were on her breast, fingers twisting and twitching the nipple rings in 
extreme excitement.

As Electro continues to fuck MJ doggy style and nipple twisting style, he 
suddenly goes overboard that his fingers are now electrocuting the rings on 
the nipple, causing MJ some shock treatment on her boobies. Also his cock, 
is causing some temporary electrocutions on MJ�s body and for a while we see 
him fucking a SKELETON.

All this being recorded.

Afterwards, Pete was released and given to MJ. Sandman tells her �We call 
you a cab but you remember our agreement�. The sexually exhausted/fucked MJ 
nods in despair. Electro holds the tape and tells her, �If you tell anyone 
about where we are, tape goes out in public. Or if Pete ever challenges us 
again�.

MJ puts Pete�s arm over her shoulder. As long as the tape is in Electro�s 
hand and MJ�s weak female personality is dominant, Spidey is only going to 
be coming after certain villains plus MJ�s career is now for blackmail too.

The End












Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sonya Esperanto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





