BDSM Library - Poser Girl




Poser Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Father tries to set his wild teenage daughter on the right path







Harold held his teary wife for a few more moments before kissing her
cheek softly and rising from the couch


 
  Ken
  Normal
   jim
  2
  21
  2006-02-21T23:38:00Z
  2006-02-21T23:38:00Z
  1
  2045
  11658
  97
  27
  13676
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Harold
held his teary wife for a few more moments before kissing her cheek
softly&nbsp;and rising from the couch.

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
worry honey, I'll find her,&quot; he told her.

&nbsp;

He
walked out to the garage and&nbsp;changed clothes from the backseat of their
white SUV. Donning a puffy white shirt, black leather pants, tall black boots,
and leather studded wrist bands, the 42 year old father tucked his regular
clothes in the back seat and climbed into the driver's seat. Opening the garage
door, he checked the clock which read 12:31am. Harold drove onto the interstate, glancing at the directions he had
scrawled on paper the previous day after questioning one of Jennifer's friends
on the phone. The club was called &quot;Rox&quot; and
located downtown. 

&nbsp;

Harold
parked on the street. Breathing a deep sigh, he climbed out of the vehicle.
After putting coins in the meter, he walked to the club entrance and stood in
line. After the bouncer checked his ID, he walked down the nearly pitch-black
hallway, straightening his glasses. The warm air vibrated under the thumping
beat of music from the club. At the end of the hallway, he paid a $40 cover
charge to a young girl dressed like a teenage version of Elvira. The
temperature dropped slightly as Harold entered the large concrete expanse of
the club. He moved his way to the center of the floor amidst young people
dressed in vampire-like garb, dancing and twirling brightly colored neon sticks
of light. Harold&nbsp;pushed through the crowd, bumping into dancing teenagers.
He was drawn through the darkness towards the only light, a bright set of
spotlights hanging from the rafters&nbsp;that illuminated one corner of the
club. As he approached, the crowd got thicker. 

&nbsp;

Arriving
at&nbsp;the corner of the club, there was an elevated stage. On it stood
several nearly-naked men wearing studded leather S&amp;M gear. In the center of
the stage, he saw a girl on all fours, her brunette hair with its red
highlights spilled around her face as she licked&nbsp;the vagina of a woman
standing&nbsp;over her with legs apart. From the white top and short green
plaid skirt the kneeling girl was wearing, Harold knew it was his daughter,
Jenny. The woman who was enjoying Jennifer's oral talents was a heavy-set
redhead in her late 30s, wearing&nbsp;a black corset that barely stretched
around her flabby midsection. Her blue eyelids fluttered as she pulled
Jennifer's hair up&nbsp;with one hand and raked her sharp black nails across
Jennifer's soft pale cheek. Harold approached the stage, and was stopped by one
of the men on stage. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
her father!&quot; He shouted over the music, &quot;She's only 15 and if you
don't let me up I'll call the police!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
him through,&quot; one of the other guards said.

&nbsp;

Harold
climbed on stage. The 240 pound redheaded woman pushed Jennifer's face away
from her moist, hairy crotch and grabbed the end of a leash attached to a
collar around her neck. She pulled Jennifer&nbsp;who crawled&nbsp;across the
stage. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer!&quot;
Harold shouted.

&nbsp;

One
of the guards whispered into the redhead's ear. She nodded, and walked Jennifer
over to her father. The surrounding crowd began to stir and mumble as news of
who Harold was spread. The redhead smiled at Harold, and handed the leash over
to him. She bent down and delivered a powerful slap to Jennifer's ass, making
her flinch and cry out. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't,&quot;
Harold said to the redhead, who only laughed.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
then,&quot; the redhead said, making a slapping motion with her hand and
pointing down at Jennifer.

&nbsp;

Harold
looked down and was startled to see his little girl cupping the rubber heels of
his boots&nbsp;and licking&nbsp;them like ice cream cones.

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer!&quot;
He growled, &quot;We're going home. Your mother is worried sick!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Spank
her ass!&quot; someone in the crowd yelled.

&nbsp;

The
redhead walked up to Harold, and handed him a short riding crop.

&nbsp;

&quot;Teach
her a lesson, Daddy,&quot; she purred, reaching down and gripping Harold's cock
in her hand.

&nbsp;

The
crowd began to chant &quot;Whip her!&quot; Harold's glasses were steaming up.
Through the foggy lenses he saw his daughter prostrating herself before him,
licking his&nbsp;tough leather footwear. The frustration with the situation and
months of trying to get through to her, the screaming, the tears, Jennifer's
change into someone who was breaking his and her mother's hearts, finally
overwhelmed him. He raised the riding crop up and brought it down firmly across
Jennifer's backside. She flinched, but continued to worship her father's dirty,
unpolished combat boots. Again he raised his arm and sent the hard,
springy&nbsp;whip into Jennifer's ass which he had cleaned and powdered&nbsp;so
many years ago. Again, she was not deterred from cleaning her Daddy's boots.
The audience roared, and the redhead reached down and roughly pulled down
Jennifer's pleated skirt. Her heart-shaped bottom shone a creamy white
underneath the spotlights, and&nbsp;sported&nbsp;a pair of lacey blue panties.
Harold sneered, and brought the riding crop down again and again across her
exposed skin, beating her ass until he was panting and sweating and his arm
grew weary. Streaks of red and purple welts erupted all over Jennifer's
backside, and she clutched at her father's boots with her face pressed into the
laces, moaning and whimpering in pain. 

&nbsp;

&quot;She
must have been REAL bad,&quot; the redhead's voice boomed over a microphone she
had secured.

&nbsp;

Harold
nodded, still breathing hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
she sorry?&quot; The redhead asked.

&nbsp;

Harold
shrugged.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's
ask her then,&quot; the redhead said, pulling Jennifer up by the scruff of her
neck.

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you sorry?&quot; She asked her, thrusting the microphone down to Jennifer's
face.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
looked away, still kneeling on the stage.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
better tell Daddy you're sorry for being bad or he's going to whip your skinny
ass some more,&quot; she said, pushing the microphone roughly against
Jennifer's face.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sorry,&quot; she said in almost a whisper.

&nbsp;

The
crowd laughed in approval. Jennifer's eyes filled with tears, and she covered
her face in humiliation.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
this what you wanted?&quot; Harold&nbsp;asked her, &quot;Is this how you want
to live your life?&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer's
shoulders shook as she wept.

&nbsp;

&quot;IS
IT?&quot; Harold barked at her.

&nbsp;

With
her face still buried in her hands, Jennifer shook her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;Maybe
you should teach the little slut a lesson,&quot; the redhead said, and the
crowd roared in approval.

&nbsp;

The
redhead walked behind Harold, and reached around his waist. She undid his
leather pants, and reached inside, caressing his uncircumcised penis. When he
grew partly erect, she pushed his pants down, and began stroking it in front of
Jennifer's face. The redhead nudged Harold from behind, and he stepped forward.
He reached down and held his daughter's head&nbsp;in his hands. He pulled her
face towards him as the redhead brushed the head of his cock against her pursed
lips. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
on,&quot; the redhead yelled at Jennifer, &quot;I thought you were
hard-core!&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer's
lips slowly parted and Harold groaned as he pushed his hard cock past her teeth
and gums. His cock rested comfortably on Jennifer's flattened tongue,&nbsp;with
the head&nbsp;flexing against&nbsp;her throat opening.&nbsp;He felt her start
to gag. Harold began moving his hips back and forth, driving the swollen
7&quot; cock which had created Jennifer in and out of her gurgling mouth. He
looked down at her pretty little face all made up like a gothic whore. Her big
round eyes with&nbsp;their dark circles of raccoon-like makeup opened wide with
pain and humiliation. Her soft, rosebud lips stretched tightly over her father's
vein-covered organ, painting it with streaks of red lipstick as it violated her
mouth. Her cute little button nose buried in the hot,&nbsp;musky&nbsp;forest of
his pubic hair. 

&nbsp;

Harold
began to feel a tingle from the base of his spine, spreading to his scrotum. He
continued to fuck Jennifer's face, while taking a firm grip on her leash. In
one swift motion, he pulled her head off of his cock, leaving long strands of
drool connecting it to her lips. He gave the leash several quick jerks, and
began leading her around the stage. She crawled around clumsily after her
father until he stopped. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Stay!&quot;
He barked at her, and walked behind her.

&nbsp;

Harold
looked at the redhead, who nodded to him in approval. He asked for the
microphone and she handed it to him. Then, putting one boot across her
daughter's back and leaning on it, he asked her a question. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer,&quot;
he said, &quot;Are you sorry for everything that you put your mother and I
through this last year?&quot;

&nbsp;

He
pushed the microphone to her face.

&nbsp;

&quot;Y-yeah,&quot;
she sniffed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
SIR,&quot; Harold corrected her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir,&quot; Jennifer answered.

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you going to do whatever we tell you, whenever we want to, from here on
out?&quot; He asked.

&nbsp;

He
gave her the mic again, but Jennifer just hung her
head,&nbsp;her lips trembling and tears dripping down her pale
face.&nbsp;Harold straightened up gave her&nbsp;ass a kick with the toe of his
boot.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well?&quot;
He barked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes!&quot;
She squealed, &quot;Yes&nbsp;Sir!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
not such a bad girl after all,&quot; Harold asked, &quot;Are you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;N-n-no
Sir,&quot; she replied, hiccupping with tears.

&nbsp;

Harold
nodded.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tell
me 'Daddy, I'm a good girl',&quot; he said.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
a good girl Daddy,&quot; Jennifer replied, prompting laughter from the
audience.

&nbsp;

&quot;Say
it like a little girl,&quot; Harold ordered.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
did as she was told, speaking with a pre-pubescent lisp.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
beg Mommy and Daddy to forgive you,&quot; Harold said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Pwease Daddy,&quot; his daughter whimpered, &quot;Pwetty pwease Daddy, pwease forgive me.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
crowd mocked her baby-like pleading in disgust.

&nbsp;

Harold
reached down and yanked her panties to he knees with one hand.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
might,&quot; Harold said, dropping the microphone, &quot;But you belong to us
now young lady, I'm going to show you that.&quot;

&nbsp;

He
squatted down and rubbed his cock up and down against his daughter's vagina.
With the crowd chanting &quot;Go.. Go... Go!&quot;
Harold grabbed his cock and started working it inside her. Jennifer lowered
herself onto her elbows, and laid her head down on the stage. Her father
entered her completely, and paused to enjoy the feeling of her young, tight
pussy squeezing his throbbing member like it was in a vice. Harold held his
daughter's hips which were like silky porcelain. He dropped to one knee, with
the other foot still propped up, and fucked her clenched pussy angrily. His
hands roamed around her ass. He pinched hard the raised welts on
her&nbsp;buttocks, and slapped her bruised flesh&nbsp;harshly when she
flinched. Harold fucked her doggy style for several minutes. Then he pulled out
and flipped Jennifer over. Before she could protest, he climbed between her
legs and thrust up inside her again. Pinning her soft body down on&nbsp;the
stage, he rocked back and forth on top of her, ravaging the young
girl's&nbsp;insides with friction from his hot iron rod. Sweat dripped from his
forehead and pooled inside the lenses of Harold's glasses. He felt the familiar
sensation as the very seed which had created Jennifer crept up his
testicles&nbsp;aching to join their likeness. Harold settled back on his
haunches and pushed Jennifer's thighs apart with his knees. He pleasured
himself with her adolescent&nbsp;vagina for&nbsp;several
more&nbsp;minutes,&nbsp;grabbing her doll-like feet and pulling her legs apart.
As Harold's body shook with orgasm, he rested on top of his daughter, grunting
with&nbsp;ecstasy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;This
is for your&nbsp;own good,&quot;&nbsp;he growled into Jennifer's pierced ear,
while his cock and balls worked to pump a healthy load of sperm deep into the
creature's body&nbsp;who owed&nbsp;her very existence to them. 

&nbsp;

Harold
pulled himself up from his crying daughter. He grabbed her wrist and pulled her
to her feet, and dragged her out of the club.

&nbsp;

&quot;Great
show, man,&quot; several club patrons said to them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks,&quot;
Harold replied.

&nbsp;

Jennifer,
whose heavy makeup was streaked with tears, walked with her head down in
silence.

&nbsp;

When
they got outside, Harold lit up a cigarette and smoked as they walked to the
family SUV. Jennifer stormed to the&nbsp;passenger door and waited,&nbsp;arms
folded and sniffling while she waited for her father to unlock the doors.
Harold put out his cigarette and approached her. He shoved her back against the
passenger door, and pressed his lips hard against her tight little mouth. She
squealed and struggled to move away, but Harold pinned her wrists back behind
her head. He continued kissing his daughter roughly, and eventually she stopped
struggling. He put his arms around her waist, rubbing up and down her back. He
caressed her&nbsp;milky legs,&nbsp;thighs, and breasts.&nbsp;He&nbsp;felt
her&nbsp;fingertips&nbsp;touch&nbsp;hesitantly&nbsp;his shoulders, before
resting gently on them. Several people passed by as Harold and Jennifer made
out in the freezing night air. After what seemed like hours of swapping spit
with his daughter, Harold checked the time. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We
better get home,&quot;&nbsp;he said to Jennifer.

&nbsp;

They
got into the SUV and Harold smiled at Jennifer. She blushed and placed her hand
on his knee, sitting forward. Harold reached out and&nbsp;cupped the back of
her head.&nbsp;They looked into each other's eyes as Harold ran his fingers
through&nbsp;her&nbsp;sticky, mousse-soaked hair.&nbsp;Her eyes closed
as&nbsp;her father&nbsp;leaned in to&nbsp;kiss her again. Harold
enjoyed&nbsp;the feeling of her&nbsp;lips pressing&nbsp;back and then parting
to accept his probing tongue. Their tongues&nbsp;danced together for 45
minutes, while they hugged and felt each other up..&nbsp;When
Harold started the vehicle to go home,&nbsp;the windows were completely fogged
up. He leered&nbsp;at his daughter and wordlessly undid his fly.&nbsp;She
tucked her hair behind her ear, and&nbsp;quietly draped herself over his
lap,&nbsp;wrapping her lips around his growing organ. Harold&nbsp;drove away
from the club towards home as his teenage daughter lovingly cared for the tool
that had given her so much. When she started bobbing her head up and down,
Harold rested a hand on top of her head, and sighed with relief.














Harold parked the white SUV in the garage




 
  Ken
  Normal
   jim
  2
  210
  2006-03-01T21:30:00Z
  2006-03-01T21:30:00Z
  1
  2224
  12683
  105
  29
  14878
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Harold
parked the white SUV in the garage. He turned off the engine and sat still for
several minutes, letting his daughter Jennifer continue bobbing her head up and
down on his lap. When he was done holding back, Harold forced the 15-year-old's
head firmly down and grunted as his cock&nbsp;jumped happily, sending&nbsp;8
ounces of watery, bleach-tasting&nbsp;cum splattering all over the inside of
Jennifer's mouth. He felt her struggling to swallow&nbsp;it all,&nbsp;and
didn't let up the pressure on the back of her head until he was satisfied every
drop of cum had been deposited into his daughter's orifice. When he let her up,
Jennifer wiped the drool from her chin. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks
Dad,&quot; she said softly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Remember,&quot;
Harold said, pointing a finger straight in Jennifer's face, &quot;Your Mother
and I own you now. You don�t even take a piss without asking first.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Otherwise,&quot;
Harold said, drawing his arm back and delivering a fierce backhand&nbsp;across
Jennifer's face. He watched her face go slack as one entire side went numb from
the impact.

&nbsp;

&quot;DO
YOU UNDERSTAND?&quot; Harold screamed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir,&quot; Jennifer croaked, rubbing her face as it flooded red with broken
blood vessels and searing heat.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
get your ass to bed and report to me in the morning,&quot; Harold said.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
exited the vehicle and ran inside. Harold changed back into his regular clothes.
He put away the S&amp;M garb, which he would return to the shop next week. Inside
the house, Harold found his wife Anna asleep in bed, and joined her.

&nbsp;

The
next morning Harold and Anna were woken by a knocking on their bedroom door.

&nbsp;

�Come,�
Harold shouted out into his pillow.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
walked in, looking like she hadn't looked in over a year. She was wearing a
knee-length white sundress instead of black leather, fishnet, and other Gothic
wear. On her feet were tan summer sandals instead of black combat boots. Her
face was freshly scrubbed with no makeup except for a trace of pink lip gloss.
Her fingernails and toenails had its black polish removed, and her hair was
brushed and tied back in a tight ponytail. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
morning Mother, Good morning Father,&quot; She smiled, dipping a quick curtsey
to them in bed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
my,&quot; Anna gasped, covering her open mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
have breakfast almost ready,&quot; Jennifer said, &quot;I'll bring up some
juice first, will that be all right?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Go,&quot;
Harold replied.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
skipped out of the room. Anna, still in shock, stared at Harold.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
this real?&quot; She asked, &quot;Do I have my baby girl back?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
Harold answered, &quot;We both do.&quot;

&nbsp;

Anna
cried&nbsp;tears of&nbsp;joy and Harold held her. When Jennifer returned with 2
full glasses of O.J., Harold sent her back downstairs to wait&nbsp;for
breakfast to be ready and bring it up.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir,&quot; Jennifer responded, curtseying to him.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wait,&quot;
Anna said, waving Jennifer towards her.

&nbsp;

&quot;I've
missed you so much,&quot; Anna said, hugging her daughter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Me
too Mom,&quot; Jennifer mumbled against her mother's neck, &quot;I love you
both so much.&quot;

&nbsp;

When
Jennifer left the room, Anna still sat in amazement.

&nbsp;

&quot;How
did you do it?&quot; She asked Harold.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
appealed to her better senses,&quot; he said, &quot;She's a&nbsp;good&nbsp;kid
at heart, and I showed her that was okay.&quot;

&nbsp;

Harold
kissed his wife and she responded eagerly, kissing him back. They sat in bed
making out until Jennifer returned with two plates of food. Harold noticed
Jennifer enter before Anna did, and&nbsp;continued to make out with his wife
while his daughter waited patiently to serve them. He reached up and fondled
Anna's breasts, pulling out the large D-sized milk jugs with their&nbsp;large, round,
hairy nipples from her nightgown. Jennifer watched as her father groped her
mother lewdly in front of her, even slipping his hand down her pajama bottoms
and fingering her moistening vagina. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh!&quot;
Anna exclaimed, startled when she realized that Jennifer was there.

&nbsp;

Anna
moved quickly, stuffing her tits back under her clothes.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sorry dear,&quot; Anna said to her daughter.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
okay Mom,&quot; Jennifer smiled, touching her mother's shoulder softly while
handing her a plate of eggs, toast, and sausage.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
a good little waitress,&quot; Harold remarked as Jennifer handed him his plate.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks
Dad,&quot; Jennifer blushed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,&quot;
Anna said, moving her plate aside, &quot;I need to get some Tabasco.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,&quot;
Harold said, &quot;Why don't you send the waitress to get it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Nonsense,&quot;
Anna said, &quot;I'll be fine.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
Mom,&quot; Jennifer said, &quot;Let me get it. Sit back and relax. It will be
my pleasure to.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;With
all the grief she's given us, it's the least she could do,&quot; Harold
laughed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,&quot;
Anna smiled, &quot;That�s true.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Tell
the waitress what you want,&quot; Harold smiled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,&quot;
Anna said, &quot;I'd like some Tabasco sauce, please.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Right
away Ma'am,&quot; Jennifer chirped, delivering a quick curtsey to her mother
before leaving the room.

&nbsp;

&quot;And some ketchup too!&quot; Anna called out after her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Ma'am!&quot; Jennifer called back, going downstairs to retrieve the items.

&nbsp;

That
afternoon, Harold and Anna went out to play tennis. Harold left Jennifer with
instructions to clean out her room and put everything Goth-related, pictures,
CDs, clothes, all into boxes which he would take to Goodwill. He also informed
his daughter that they would help her re-decorate, and take her shopping for
clothes which were appropriate for a young adolescent. Jennifer spent 2 hours
clearing out her possessions which had defined her as an individual since she
had become a teenager. Then she dusted and vacuumed her now-barren room. She
made a large pitcher of iced tea, and carried it with 2 glasses outside to the
housing complex' recreational center where her mother and father ran up and
down the tennis court locked in a heated game. Jennifer poured them both
glasses of the iced tea, and watched her parents sweating it out on the court. 

&nbsp;

After
another 15 minutes they took a break, and Jennifer was waiting with their
drinks. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
haven't played in so long,&quot; Anna gasped, dabbing the sweat from her makeup-covered
cheeks with her wristband.

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
both out of shape,&quot; Harold remarked, pinching his wet polo shirt and
flapping it while gulping down his tea.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
both looked great to me,&quot; Jennifer said.

&nbsp;

There
was an awkward silence. Harold and Anna looked at their daughter, who stared
down in embarrassment.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,�
Anna said, giving her husband a puzzled yet amused look, �Thank you dear.&quot;

&nbsp;

Harold
and Anna sat down on patio chairs.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tired,
Mom?&quot; Jennifer asked, standing behind her and placing her hands on her
mother�s shoulders.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oooh yes,&quot; Anna said, closing her eyes, &quot;You're
so sweet.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
looked at her father, who nodded in approval and cleaned his glasses. She slowly
kneaded her mother's shoulders for a few minutes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Aren't
your feet tired the most?&quot; Harold asked his wife, &quot;Mine sure are. Maybe
she should rub them too.&quot;

&nbsp;

Anna
opened her eyes, looking surprised.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
wouldn't mind, Mom,&quot; Jennifer said.

&nbsp;

Anna's
jaw dropped as her daughter walked around her chair and sat on the hot concrete
pavement in front of her. Jennifer reached down to untie the laces on her mother�s
tennis shoes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer,&quot;
she said, &quot;You don't have to...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
okay Mom,&quot; Jennifer smiled, &quot;I want to show you and Dad how sorry I
am for the way I've been behaving. Please let me?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,&quot;
Anna said, &quot;Well...&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
peeled the ankle socks from her mother's sized 9 feet, and began lightly caressing
her flat arches.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
my,&quot; Anna said quietly, feeling her daughter's soft hands on her swollen
feet.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
dug her fingertips into her mother's soles, pressing firmly and making little
circles. Anna&nbsp;sat back&nbsp;in her chair, absently pushing her foot more
into her daughter�s hands. Jennifer responded by working more vigorously&nbsp;while
the blazing sun on her back made her sweat. She&nbsp;massaged and stretched the&nbsp;tendons
prominently lining her mother�s 41-year-old feet, and rubbed the swollen
bunions and corns that she found. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
look like you're enjoying yourself,&quot; Harold remarked.

&nbsp;

&quot;It
feels wonderful,&quot; Anna sighed.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
didn't mean you,&quot; Harold chuckled, &quot;I was talking to our little
masseuse there.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Dad,&quot; Jennifer said, &quot;I am.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
might let you rub mine if you're good,&quot; he chuckled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks
Dad,&quot; Jennifer said, flushed from the heat and the work.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ewww stop it,&quot; Anna laughed, waving Harold away,
&quot;Or at least let her finish with mine first!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay
fair enough,&quot; Harold smiled.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
rubbed her mother's feet for another 20 minutes before her mother excused
herself to go to the bathroom. The instant she was out of site, Harold kicked
off his socks and shoes and his daughter immediately bent down to worship them.
Kneeling on all fours, she licked and sucked her father's sweaty, lint-covered
feet like they were candy. Harold raised his foot slightly so Jennifer could
suck on his toes. She wrapped her lips around several at a time, and sucked them
passionately.&nbsp;Her tongue explored the spaces between them, cleaning out
the gritty dirt before swallowing it. When Anna came back into sight, Harold
kicked his daughter away, scratching her cheek with his big toenail. He stuck
his foot into her hands, and relaxed as Jennifer commenced rubbing. 

&nbsp;

&quot;My
turn's over?&quot; Anna pouted.

&nbsp;

&quot;Sorry
hon,&quot; Harold grinned, &quot;My feet needed some
TLC too.&quot;

&nbsp;

Later
Harold and Anna changed into their swimsuits and took a dip in the community
pool. Jennifer brought her homework out side to the deck and worked on algebra
while her father and mother splashed and frolicked. At one point they began
splashing water on her from the pool. They&nbsp;laughed as she collected her
books and moved&nbsp;to a table further away. Just as she was finishing her
homework, Harold snuck up behind her and picked her up from her chair. She
shrieked and struggled against her father's wet, firm body. He carried her to
the edge of the pool and tossed her in, still fully clothed. Jennifer surfaced,
gasping from the cold water. Her mother clapped and laughed along
with&nbsp;several neighbors and their kids. She pulled herself out of the pool,
humiliated. Harold grabbed her arm as she tried to walk past, and made her give
him a kiss on the cheek and thank him for the swim first.

&nbsp;

When
they returned home, Anna took a shower and went in the bedroom to take a nap.
Harold whispered to his daughter to wait for him in her room and they would
shower together. After he was sure his wife was asleep, he went to his
daughter's room and they entered the adjoining bathroom. They both stripped
naked, and stood in the bathroom, making out while billows of steam rising from
the shower engulfed them. Harold started kissing up and down his daughter�s nude
body, squeezing her ass which was still bruised from the night before. She
gasped as his tongue touched her clitoris slightly. But instead of eating her,
Harold turned&nbsp;around and&nbsp;ordered Jennifer to eat out his
ass.&nbsp;She knelt on the bathroom rug&nbsp;as her father put one&nbsp;foot up
on the toilet and spread his ass cheeks apart with both hands.&nbsp;She moved
her face in between her father's hands and&nbsp;lapped at&nbsp;his sweaty,
musky sphincter&nbsp;as it&nbsp;flexed rhythmically in her face. His asshole
was surrounded by a smattering of&nbsp;tangled red hair connecting all the way
up&nbsp;to his crotch. Jennifer pushed her face deep into his ass crack, sliding
it up and down like a piece&nbsp;of human toilet paper, smearing herself with
his ass juices. The teenager's lips then made a tight seal around her father's
asshole. Her mouth sucked it eagerly while she bathed his wrinkled hole with
her tongue, flexing and wiggled the tip into every crevice to clean them out.

&nbsp;

When
he grew tired of her rimming, Harold ordered his daughter into the shower and
told her to wash her face and ass. A minute later, Harold climbed into the
shower with her, and bent her over in front of him. He fingered her ass, jamming
his middle finger inside her anus. As her worked his dry finger in and out,
Jennifer whimpered. Harold's cock grew hard, and he slipped it easily into his
daughter's pussy. Harold reached for the soap and lubed up her
asshole&nbsp;with hot lathery water. He pulled out his cock which had grown
rock-hard inside his daughter�s&nbsp;tight womb, and&nbsp;started forcing it
into her ass. Jennifer cried out, begging him to stop.&nbsp;Harold made a fist
and punched Jennifer in the ribs, hearing and feeling a loud pop under his
knuckles. She yelped and immediately began gasping for air. Harold shoved his
cock all the way into her rectum, and started pumping it in and out. The water
splashed&nbsp;against his freckled back and arms while he raped his daughter's small,
heart-shaped ass. She was doubled-over with her hands on her knees, wheezing
breathlessly and biting her lip to keep quiet as her father pleasured himself
with her tender opening. Jennifer squeezed her eyes shut and tried to imagine
she was somewhere else. Harold saw this and punched her purple, swollen ribs
again.

&nbsp;

�Wake
up!� He shouted, �Keep your fucking eyes OPEN or I�ll
beat the shit out of you! This IS happening. Daddy�s fucking your asshole,
Jennifer. How does it feel? Don�t you try to fucking disappear on me. In fact,
BEG for my cum, right, fucking� NOW!�

&nbsp;

�Please
may I have your cum?� Jennifer squeaked.

&nbsp;

�More!�
Harold barked, �Make me believe it. Ask like a little girl!�

&nbsp;

�Pwetty, pwetty pwease Daddy!� She cried, �Pwease may I
have your cum! Pweeeeeeaze?�

&nbsp;

Harold
pulled his daughter's ass back against his pelvis, holding it as he released
hot jets of sperm up inside her ravaged cavity. Jennifer winced as the fluid
containing millions of her unborn brothers and sisters flooded her colon and stung
the torn and hemorrhaging tissue lining it.

&nbsp;

�Fuck
yeah�� Harold groaned, �It�s real now, isn�t it cunt?�

&nbsp;

Harold
pulled out his cock, and made his daughter kneel and suck it clean. He handed
her the soap and ordered her to wash his whole middle-aged body thoroughly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Your
mother and I are going out tonight,&quot; Harold said as she washed his legs
and feet, &quot;I want you in bed by 9pm
SHARP. No TV, no phone calls, no Internet. Got it?&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
gazed up at him, pleading for kindness with a sad look. Harold grabbed her face
and squeezed it roughly. He tilted his head back, cleared his throat, and spat
a huge wad of phlegm into his daughter's&nbsp;glassy eyes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;FUCK
YOU,&quot; Harold growled at her.

&nbsp;

He&nbsp;threw
her back against the shower wall,&nbsp;and&nbsp;stepped out. Harold dried
himself off with a towel.

&nbsp;

&quot;9pm bitch,&quot; he sneered over his
shoulder,&nbsp;&quot;Or else.�

&nbsp;

Harold
turned and dried his long, flaccid cock in front of her.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
you're good I may even let you work on this after we get back,&quot; Harold said,
flapping his cock rudely at her.

&nbsp;

Jennifer's
father left the bathroom, still&nbsp;buzzed from his orgasm.&nbsp;Jennifer sank
down onto the wet floor of her shower, and held her face as she cried. Her
young, supple body quickly absorbed most of her father's semen through her
lower intestine directly into her bloodstream, and barely dripped any out of
her where she sat.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  eagerminion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





