BDSM Library - Giving in to My Best Friend




Giving in to My Best Friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Rebecca finds herself strangely attracted to her best friend Kristen\'s feet.  Kristen siezes the opportunity and makes Rebecca her footslave.







Giving in to my Best Friend

 
  John
  Normal
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-03-08T13:40:00Z
  2006-03-08T13:40:00Z
  1
  8310
  47373
   
  394
  111
  55572
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Giving in to my Best Friend

By themaneloco

For three years now I have been the best-looking, most popular girl in school.
I can�t help it that I was born better than everyone else, but I can damn well
flaunt it. Of course being the most beautiful girl in school means that I have
a group of friends that will do anything I say. They�re all gorgeous
themselves, but they just lack the extra edge about them that I possess. Let me
describe myself. I am an 18 year old woman with a perfect body which I don�t need
to exercise to maintain. I have long brown hair, green eyes and smooth tanned
skin. Whenever I walk down the street both men and women drool at the sight of
me, and I love it. Everything in my life is perfect. My parents give me
whatever I want, whenever I want and I wouldn�t have it any other way. 

Of course, being the best means that I get all of the special privileges. I am
the head cheerleader at school which I am extremely proud of as I worked very
hard to gain the position and use every chance I get to whip the team into
shape. I�m a stern leader, but I think they all realise the work that is
required to be the best. Unless we�re talking about me, hah!

I have a large collection of friends that follow me around and hang on to every
word that I say. Being the best-looking, I make all of the decisions in our
group and the girls rarely question anything I say. This is just a perk of
being the queen bee and I have grown very accustomed to having my wishes
obeyed.

The closet of my friends is probably Kristen. We�ve know each other for a long
time and I would easily call her my best friend. She is also absolutely
gorgeous, just like me. We are actually very similar in appearance, apart from
one major difference which is Kristen has blonde hair. She is about half a foot
shorter than me, which is appropriate as I think that being taller than her
helps guys to notice me. Her breasts are slightly smaller than mine, which I
like to show off, but they do look more in proportion to the rest of her. If
she knew how good she looked then she might be a rival for my title. However
she lacks my confidence and therefore she will always be in my shadow. That is
how I like it anyway, she is always trying in various ways to please me and she
will do whatever I say. It�s like there is an understanding between us, I am in
control and she follows.

All was well and good in my life until recently. School was boring as usual so
I was really looking forward to the weekend. Kristen came up to me in the hall
and told me how her parents had gone away for the week, so would I like to
spend the weekend at hers. Sure, why not I thought, it could probably be fun.
We could give each other makeovers, talk about guys, maybe even get drunk off
her parents alcohol. 

I arrived at her house about five and we spent the next few hours in the living
room watching some of Kristen�s dvds and working our way through her daddy�s
wine cabinet. I hadn�t eaten and could feel the wine was going straight to my
head, but I didn�t want to look like a lightweight in front of Kristen and
belittle myself. Kristen on the other hand was handling the wine without any
problems and I wondered whether she did this often. 

Suddenly I noticed a strange odour in the air and it made my nose scrunch up.
The smell confused me for a moment before I noticed that Kristen was removing
her socks next to me on the sofa. I saw my chance to have a little fun, so I
leant over and tickled the bottom of her foot, bringing a fit of adorable
giggles from her. Kristen must have really been ticklish as she bucked all over
the sofa. I had to grip her ankle tightly with my fingers, while running the
fingers of my other hand over the sole and between her toes. 

Trying to free herself from my torment of her, Kristen playfully lifted her
free foot to my face and for some reason I didn�t try to move away. I could
feel a tingle between my legs at the moment her toes made contact with my cheek
and I didn�t know what to do. The temperature felt like it was rapidly rising
in the room and I suddenly felt flustered, even more so with every second that
passed by. Why couldn�t I just push her foot away? Kristen looked at me
strangely as if waiting for me to do something and my hesitation was not
helping my situation at all. Slowly she started rubbing her sweaty foot across
my face, over my forehead, lips and eventually gripping my nose between her
toes. Her eyes never left mine the whole time and she looked surprised that I
offered no resistance at all. She wasn�t the only one, all I had to do was
raise my hands and push her foot away but I just couldn�t. 

As the time ticked away Kristen slipped her other foot from my hand and
mimicked her earlier manipulations of my face. The odour was quite strong, as a
result of the afternoons cheerleading practice I assumed and I just sat there
and let her rub both of her tired feet across my face while breathing it in. A
smirk appeared on her lips as the toes of her right foot slowly passed over my
mouth, while my nose remained firmly nestled between the toes of her left. At
that moment I knew that there was a new understanding between us and things
would never be the same again. I had left it too late to try and save myself
now and Kristen was quickly taking control of the situation. For the first time
in my life I no longer felt superior and I struggled to keep my eyes on hers.
Eventually I looked towards the floor which was greeted by a short giggle from
Kristen. She knew now that she had just taken my place as the top of the group
and she marked it by pushing the toes of her right foot against my lips.

I offered no resistance and allowed her toes to pass through my lips and into
my mouth. She wiggled her toes as they came to rest on my tongue and let out a
quiet moan. I looked up at her not entirely sure what to do and I was greeted
by a subtle nod, I returned my eyes to the floor and began sucking. Once again
I heard the giggle. I was pleasantly surprised that her feet didn�t actually
taste that bad, a little salty due to the sweat but bearable. Kristen moved her
left foot in circles while keeping my nose between her toes and I found it
difficult to suck on her toes properly although I managed to keep them in my
mouth. Suddenly I felt her pushing downwards with both feet on my face and I
once again offered no resistance. She gradually manoeuvred me off the couch and
onto the floor using just her feet and I found myself kneeling on the floor in
front of her. Her face was now beaming and she had the largest smile. I
couldn�t look her in the eye at all, I felt so ashamed. 

My new subservient position didn�t seem to satisfy her enough and she continued
to pull me downwards with her feet. I just didn�t have it in me to resist and I
could not understand why. I�ve always bossed people around so easily, so why
was I now finding it difficult to stand up to this girl that has followed me
around for years, and allow her to humiliate me? Eventually I felt the side of
my head touch the floor, with both her feet still in the same position on my
face, I had remained sucking her toes throughout the movement. As I came to lie
flat out on the floor on my side, Kristen removed her left foot from my nose
and placed her toes on my shoulder, pushing me away from her and onto my back.
She then brought her left foot back to rest across my face while I continued to
suck on the toes of her right foot. Kristen resumed watching the television
with me in this position, occasionally alternating the toes in my mouth that
required service. We remained in this position for the duration of the film,
Kristen sat comfortably on the sofa, and me laying on the floor with her feet
on my face. Neither of us said a word the entire time.

After the film had finished, Kristen removed her toes from my mouth, carelessly
wiped them dry in my hair then stepped over me towards the door. Without
turning around she said �I�m off to bed�. I remained in the same position for
the rest of the night, Kristen hadn�t offered me anywhere to sleep and I didn�t
know what to do. I kept replaying the events over in my head, trying to understand
why I had let her control me in that way. Did I actually want her to take
control deep down inside? I lay there through the night trying to think of what
I would say the next day. Perhaps I could pass it off as a joke, but who was I
kidding, deep down I knew there was no way I could explain away the previous
night�s events. 

Before I knew it morning had arrived and I hadn�t got a wink of sleep. Kristen
sauntered into the room wearing a robe and rolled her eyes when she caught
sight of me. I�d always known that she was gorgeous, although, because of how
caught up in myself I was I hadn�t really taken much notice. Things were
different now though, I could see how beautiful she really was and there was
just an extra something about her, the extra something that used to be mine.
Kristen leant against the door frame with her arms folded, that smirk once
again present on her face. She stared intently at me waiting for me to say
something. I tried to find the words but I just crumbled under her stare and looked
away towards the floor. I felt so pathetic. Kristen giggled and walked over
towards me. 

�Have you been like that all night?� she asked. I looked up at her face long
enough to see a huge grin, then quickly back down at her feet, my tormentors of
the previous evening. She chuckled to herself then walked off towards the
kitchen to make some breakfast. When she had left the room I knew that I had to
get out as soon as possible, I couldn�t face talking to her as I didn�t know
what I would say. I cradled my face with my hands in shame and wished that last
night had been a dream. Suddenly I was startled from my self-pity from the
abrupt sound of the television turning on, and I removed my hands to see
Kristen sat on the sofa above me with her breakfast cereal. She hadn�t made any
for me, I hadn�t expected her to anyway. Kristen began to eat her breakfast
then casually raised both her feet and placed them on my face. Once again I
felt a wave of shame wash over me, especially because I did not resist at all, coupled
with the fact that she knew I wouldn�t.

I remained under Kristen�s feet while she enjoyed her breakfast. I was actually
surprised at how easily Kristen was adjusting to having me at her feet. She had
been in my shadow for so long that I would have expected her to be a little
cautious, but I guess the fact that I didn�t even try to stop her helped a lot.
Kristen gently rubbed my face with her soles as she finished up her breakfast
then swiftly removed her feet.

�I�m going to take a shower, get yourself something to eat and then wait for me
in my bedroom, we need to have a little chat I think.� Her tone was soft, yet
serious and I simply nodded in response. A smile came across her face as she
looked down at me, then she arose from the sofa and made her way out of the
room. I sat up from my horizontal position for the first time in twelve hours,
unsure of what I should do. My first thought was to run to the door and get the
hell out of there, but Kristen was right, even though I didn�t want to we did need
to have a chat. I had to straighten out what happened last night so that she
knew that things hadn�t changed. I was still the top in our group, at least I
thought I was, but how was I going to convince her if I doubted myself. 

I didn�t bother getting myself anything to eat as I felt that I couldn�t
stomach it anyway, so I simply sat on Kristen�s bed and waited while she
showered. She kept me waiting too, she must have been in the shower for about
half an hour and I never moved the entire time. I had decided that I would get
in first and say my piece before her, at least that way I would have a chance
of regaining control of the situation. I heard the bathroom door open and
readied myself. After a few minutes, Kristen strolled into the room wearing a small
towel that resembled some dental floss while she combed her hair. I was
initially taken aback by the sight, but I quickly recovered myself and began to
speak. �Kristen, ummm, I just want to make it clear that last night was umm,
just a bit of fun and it doesn�t mean anything...� 

�Why are you sat on my bed, where am I supposed to sit while I dry myself?� she
said abruptly, cutting me off. I looked at her a bit confused and she raised
both her hands and gave me a look as if I was stupid. I was unsure of what to
do until she motioned her head towards the floor, there was no where else to
sit and if she needed the bed then I guess it made sense. I slipped off the bed
and sat on the floor, Kristen continued to stroll passed me and elegantly sat
down on the bed crossing her legs in front of me. She put the hairbrush down
and folded her arms across her chest, that now familiar smirk appearing on her
face. 

�Go on.� she muttered.

�Well umm like I was saying, it was just a bit of fun, it didn�t umm mean
anything, and I don�t know why I didn�t tell you to stop.� I sounded so
pathetic as the words came out, I didn�t even believe them myself, so I don�t
know why she would.

�You didn�t tell me to stop because you enjoyed it, why else would you let
someone rub their feet in your face unless you like it?� Her response was sharp
and straight to the point, how was I supposed to justify my actions now? She
sounded so confident as the words left her mouth, a quality that had previously
belonged to me and she seemed to be taking over in more ways than one. I on the
other hand sounded like a stuttering pathetic wimp.

I looked up at her for a moment, long enough to take in her knowing smile, then
let my eyes drift back towards the floor between her dangling feet. �I don�t know�
was my only response. It may have been a pathetic thing to say, but it was
completely the truth. I had no idea why I had behaved the way I had.

�You must have a foot fetish or something� she said. �I guess you just like
people�s feet, I can see why you�d like mine, they�re pretty, but I�d never
have guessed you were one. You�ve always been so bitchy to me, acting above me
and bossing me around. I only put up with it so I could stay in the popular
group but I haven�t really liked you for a long time. It�s all ok now though,
this little revelation changes everything.� I was surprised at how relentless
she was being, I never knew that she didn�t like me. Yes, I had been a bit of a
bitch to her, but that�s just the way it was, it came with the territory. And a
foot fetish, what was she talking about, I certainly didn�t like people�s feet,
at least I didn�t think I did.

�I don�t umm have a foot fetish, I don�t know why I let you do that to me but I
don�t like feet and this doesn�t change anything� I said, trying to recover my
status. 

I continued to sit looking down between her feet waiting for her response but
it never came. After a minute or two I looked up to see her still smiling, then
she slowly raised both of her feet and placed them on my face. Once again I
didn�t know what to do, I just felt completely trapped and lost. I was sure I
didn�t like feet, I�d never thought about them before, but when her feet were
on my face I felt completely lost in them. I sat there on the floor for ten
minutes while she rubbed her feet all over my face. My eyes, nose, mouth,
cheeks and forehead all got the same treatment and I didn�t resist throughout
the entire ordeal. I actually felt a bit disappointed that her freshly washed
feet didn�t have the same aroma as the night before, which I found kind of
worrying. Was she right about me?

After completely humiliating me, Kristen ended my torment and removed her feet
from my face, placing one on either shoulder as I sat between her legs. She let
out one of her little giggles and then began to speak. �I guess that proves my
point, you love feet, you didn�t even try to stop me then.� She seemed so happy
with herself as she went on.

�So things are going to change, aren�t they?� She raised her right foot and
grabbed my nose between her big and second toe, pulling down on it and forcing
me to nod. 

�Aren�t they?� she repeated. She released my nose and I looked down at the
floor. I felt utterly defeated as I heard myself whisper �Yes Kristen.� What
else could I say, I had just let her rub her feet on my face for the last ten
minutes, how could I ever try and deny that I liked it? And why did I like it?
I couldn�t really grasp the reason, but it just felt right to be at her feet. 

�This is so great!� Kristen went on �I�ve wanted to be the head of the group
for so long. Now I�ve finally got the chance to put you in your place. You�ve
treated me like shit for the longest time now, always belittling me and
ordering me around. Every time a guy takes an interest in me you always have to
step in and be the centre of attention. Well, not anymore. From now on you�re
going to do what I say.� I couldn�t believe what she was saying, was she crazy?

�No way will I do what you say, you�re out of your mind� I said, trying my
hardest to sound assertive. Kristen looked at me and laughed out loud,
completely surprising me. She then forcefully shoved the toes of her right foot
into my mouth while locking her left foot behind my neck, pulling my head
towards her. I almost gagged as her toes forced their way through my lips.

�Oh, just shut up and suck my toes� she said, giggling throughout. I couldn�t
believe myself, but I was actually obeying someone for the first time in my
life. I began sucking her toes like she had ordered and I didn�t even think about
stopping. I pushed my tongue between her big and second toe and gained an
approving sigh from her in response. I was actually proud of myself for
pleasing her, which once again confused me.

�Good girl, that feels very nice, see, this is where you belong now, at my
feet, doing whatever I say� she said, completely mocking me. The worst part was
that it dawned on me that what she was saying was probably the truth. After
all, I was willingly sucking on her toes. Yesterday I was the most popular girl
in school, today I�m sucking up to the feet of one of my underlings.

As I worked on her toes, Kristen lay back on the bed, crossing her hands behind
her pretty head so she could rest it. I looked up at her, keeping her toes in
mouth and admired her beauty. She really was stunning, I could barely believe
that I hadn�t seen it before. I felt a stirring in my belly and I feared the
obvious that I was getting turned on while serving her in this humiliating
position.

�You had better get used to serving me, because you�re going to be doing it
often. That�s it! You�re going to be my little slave from now on, scurrying to
wait on me hand and foot! Now, big licks!� she excitedly ordered and I obeyed
immediately. 

I began by running my tongue up from her heel to her arch savouring the taste
throughout. She moaned as my tongue slid along her smooth sole and this only
urged me to work with more enthusiasm. Things were becoming clearer now, I was
turning into Kristen�s slave and there was nothing I could do about it. I had been
delusional before, Kristen was my superior in every way and it was only right
that I should serve her. I would obey her every command.

That weekend seemed to pass by so quickly. Kristen was right, I spent the whole
time crawling around and waiting on her hand and foot. That weekend, whatever
Kristen wanted, Kristen got. She was very demanding and her control over me
increased to the point where I obeyed without hesitation. I just couldn�t
resist her and I wondered whether my previous extrovert lifestyle had just been
a subconscious defence mechanism to cover up my natural submissiveness. If
Kristen had been the one to discover it, then surely she deserved to reap the
benefits. It amazed me how easily she had slipped into this role and she seemed
completely at ease owning a slave. Somewhere, deep down inside me I still felt
humiliated serving my best friend, but that feeling was gradually being stamped
out by her. I cleaned her room, made her meals, and washed and ironed her
clothes and all the while she just lazed around on the sofa all day watching
television, occasionally beckoning me to serve her in some way.

I spent so many hours that weekend kneeling in front of her massaging her feet
while she relaxed and it only furthered my descent into slavery. I think that
she was right, I did have a foot fetish. It had just taken that moment where
she put her foot to my face for me to realise it, but something had definitely
happened. And I had to admit, her feet were gorgeous. Tanned size sevens,
polished in silver, with a toe ring on the second toe of each foot and an ankle
bracelet on her right leg. The feet of a goddess. I knelt before her kissing
and massaging her feet while she watched television and it felt right. She
would look down at me smirking to herself, knowing that she had completely
conquered me. She looked so regal and deserving of worship sat above me that I
would sniff and lick her feet for as long as she wanted.

�Do you enjoy serving me as my slave girl?� she asked while I lapped at her
heels.

�Yes Kristen, I love being your slave girl and worshipping you, I�ll do
whatever you say.� I replied. I couldn�t believe the words that had left my
mouth, I was happy to be my best friend�s slave? What had I become? I seriously
started worrying about my latest confession and the consequences that my newly
acquired situation would have on my life. What were my friends at school going
to think if they saw me like this? I had dropped so far down the social
hierarchy and Kristen had moved right to the top. She had spotted my weakness
and taken the chance with both hands, or feet perhaps. 

�I know you do and I am going to enjoy ordering you around Rebecca� she said,
breaking me from my trail of thought.

�You can pick me up for school tomorrow and then carry my books to class. It�ll
be so awesome! And I want you to call me Miss, you got that slave?� she said
while playfully kicking the side of my head.

�Yes Miss Kristen� I responded, still licking at her feet, slowly working my
way up her soles. She pulled her feet slightly away from me and I surprised
myself when I instinctively tried to follow them with my tongue. My effort only
brought about a renewed giggling session from her.

�You�re so devoted it�s funny. If only you had told me about your little secret
a long time ago. I could have really used a slave these passed few years.
Doesn�t it just feel right to you kneeling before me instead of pretending to
be dominant and bossing me around like before. Isn�t this more natural for you,
serving a superior girl as myself? I can�t believe you�re my slave now, the big
bitch Rebecca my little foot-licking slave girl! I am so great!� Kristen almost
screamed the words completely getting lost in herself and how amazing she was. 

It was a rush having that power and I should know, I used to have it. Her words
only made my pussy seep as I strived to reach her feet with my tongue, longing
to please her. She smiled at me, looking down her nose amused by my effort to
lick her feet and she moved her foot within reach. I immediately took her toes
into my mouth and sucked each one individually, bringing a chorus of sighs and
moans from her. She closed her eyes and sunk back into the sofa as I pleasured
her feet.

�You�re so pathetic, I actually looked up to you before, what a waste of time
that was. I�m going to take a nap, don�t stop licking� she said as she made
herself more comfortable on the sofa.

�Yes Miss Kristen� was my only response.

I woke up the next morning in my own bedroom. My first thought was that it had
all been a dream, but the taste of Kristen�s feet in my mouth made me realise
otherwise. I wasn�t looking forward to school at all. I knew Kristen was going
to revel in her new social standing and spend the entire day bossing and
humiliating me, but worst of all, I knew that I would obey her.

I arrived at her house roughly half an hour before school started in my car.
Kristen didn�t drive, so I assumed that I would be her chauffer from now on. I
never gave any of my friends a ride to school before as I couldn�t be bothered
to waste my time driving to their houses. I parked the car outside Kristen�s
house and knocked her door. It took her a full five minutes to answer and then
she forced me to kneel down on the doorstep and kiss both of her feet. I prayed
that none of the neighbours were watching. I then had to open the back door of
my car for her and close it once she was seated. My earlier presumption was
right, Kristen did intend to use me as her chauffer. 

We arrived at school and I repeated the door procedure. Once Kristen was out of
the car she told me to tie back my hair in a ponytail. I loved my hair and I
had spent a long time that morning making it look nice, and I knew exactly why
she wanted it tied back. I looked so ordinary with my hair tied back, meanwhile
she remained stunning with her flowing blonde locks blowing in the wind. 

I should have stood up for myself and refused, but I simply looked down at the
floor and muttered �Yes Miss Kristen� which brought a big smirk to her face. I
carried her books for her and walked two steps behind, which was a sign of my
respect for her she said. I noticed that all of the guys in the hall were
checking her out and none of them were looking at me as they did before. We
came across our group of friends and Kristen immediately took over my previous
position as the queen bee. All of the girls barely said a word to me and the
ones that did, didn�t get much of a response. I was surprised at how easily
they accepted Kristen as the group leader and me as her lackey. Perhaps they
hadn�t noticed, but my hope was short lived when Kristen told me to put her
books in her locker and I accidentally blurted out �Yes Miss�. The girls all
looked confused for a brief moment, then began smiling and giggling. I assumed
they found amusement in my new position. Meanwhile Kristen was adoring the
attention having firmly established herself as the top in our group of friends.

The rest of the school day went without incident and I was relieved that
Kristen didn�t humiliate me as she could have. If only I knew that she was
saving it all for later. She began by suggesting the cheerleader team should
have a revote for the head cheerleader, which I was forced to agree with. The
result was Kristen took over from me as head cheerleader. I loved being head of
the cheerleader team and I had worked so hard for it, and with a snap of
Kristen�s fingers it was gone. To celebrate, she invited a few of the team back
to her house after practice had finished.

Of course, I was expected to drive the girls back to Kristen�s house and they
all had a good giggle while I held the door open for Miss Kristen. The two
girls that came back to the house were Nicole and Faye. Nicole has long red
hair which really extenuates her pale skin. She is quite short, although looking
at her now she was a lot better looking than I�d thought. Kristen�s conquest of
me had changed my view of my friends and I now looked at them as the beautiful
women that they were. Faye was the tallest of our group and had black curly
hair, which softly sat on her shoulders. She was actually quite a presence as
she towered over me and I now felt completely inferior to her. How things have
changed.

Kristen slumped onto the couch and put her sneakered feet up onto the coffee
table. After stretching out and having a yawn, she told the girls to sit either
side of her and I was left with no where to sit but the floor, which I was
prepared to do anyway. Kristen looked me straight in the eyes as her lips
curled into the most evil smirk I had ever seen.

�Nicole, would you put on a dvd please?� instructed Kristen. Nicole got up and
put a dvd into the player as Kristen continued �and Rebecca, you can massage
the head cheerleaders tired feet while we watch it.� 

I was horrified that Kristen was going to degrade me in front of the girls. It
was bad enough they knew that I was scurrying after her in school, but to see
me at her feet was even worse. I could feel my face getting hot and I knew that
my skin was turning red. It finally hit me how low I had fallen and I hoped
that she wouldn�t be too hard on me. I reasoned that if I obeyed her wishes she
would go easy on me.

�Yes Miss Kristen� I replied while avoiding eye contact with all of three of
them. Nicole had returned to her seat and I heard them giggling with each other
at my response. I crawled in front of the coffee table and knelt back onto my
legs. Kristen�s sneakers were old and scruffy and I knew that they were going
to smell, but this didn�t really bother me, I was used to the scent now and
thought of it as a treat. I slowly began unlacing her shoes as the film started
and the three of them directed their attention towards the television. At least
this way I wouldn�t have their eyes on me during my humiliation, although it
was further degrading that I was serving her while she completely ignored me.

I finished unlacing Kristen�s right sneaker and carefully pried it from her
socked foot. The odour hit my nostrils almost immediately and it was a lot
stronger than usual. I lost myself in the moment and breathed in a deep breath,
much to the delight of Kristen who giggled while wiggling her toes under my
nose. Nicole and Faye looked at each other strangely not really understanding
the situation and the extent of my servitude to Kristen. I continued removing
the second sneaker and gave her newly exposed foot the same salute with my nose
as before. Now that Kristen�s sneakers were off I was able to give her feet the
treatment that they deserved. I arranged her feet side by side and slipped my
fingers around the outsides of either foot, resting them gently above her toes.
This allowed my thumbs to press firmly into the soles of her feet and knead
away the exertions of cheerleading practice. The odour of her feet drifted into
my nostrils as I put my full effort into pleasing her, circling my thumbs on
her arches while gently caressing the tops of her feet with my fingertips.
Obviously my technique worked as Kristen sighed in response, thoroughly
enjoying my labour.

�Do we get a turn as well?� asked Nicole excitedly, noticing Kristen�s
reaction.

�You will, don�t worry you will, but right now she�s all mine.� Kristen sighed
as I pushed my thumbs flat against her socked soles.

So, I was going to have to massage both Nicole and Faye�s feet. This was so
humiliating; I was now serving three girls that used to look up to me. I had
really hit rock bottom. I thought about my growing predicament while rubbing
Kristen�s feet for the next half hour alternating the attention of my fingers
between her toes, soles and heels. I made sure that every part of her beautiful
feet were serviced equally. Eventually Kristen halted my efforts with a swift
kick to the side of my face. I looked up to see Kristen was giving her full
attention to the television, which left me completely unsure of how to
continue. While I sat there confused at my new owner�s feet, I caught the
eyesight of Nicole. She subtly nodded towards her sneakered feet while giving
me a mischievous grin and I knew exactly what to do. I quickly shuffled along
the edge of the coffee table until I was kneeling before Nicole�s feet, then
proceeded to remove her sneakers without hesitation. I was disappointed with
their odour as they didn�t smell as strong as Kristen�s, but they were pleasant
none the less. I guessed that her feet were about a size 6, although I was
unsure of how nice they were due to the socks, but the overall shape was
promising. Here I was actually imagining whether her feet were attractive
underneath her socks, I really deserved everything Kristen was putting me through.

As I was about to start massaging Nicole�s feet it dawned on me that Kristen
hadn�t actually told me to and I didn�t want to displease her. I looked up at
her from my kneeling position and waited patiently, hoping that I would catch
her attention and receive some kind of approving signal to continue. It took a
full ten minutes before Kristen�s attention swayed from the television and I
could tell from her face that she was pleased that I was waiting for her say
so. She nodded at me and then quickly returned her attention to the film. I was
whipped, big time.

I leapt straight into massaging Nicole�s feet with all of my effort and applied
the same technique that I had used earlier on Kristen. Nicole obviously
appreciated my new submissive attitude towards her from the moans emanating
from her lips. She had a different response to my servitude though. Kristen
seemed to ignore me completely while I served her, as if I didn�t deserve any
attention from her at all. However, Nicole was revelling in my service, she
didn�t take her eyes off of me throughout the massage and it made me further
uncomfortable. I kept my eyes looking downwards the entire time so that I
wouldn�t meet her gaze, but I could feel her watching me. This was just another
acknowledgement of her superiority over me. 

I stayed at Nicole�s socked feet for twenty-five minutes before Faye was
becoming restless and jealous of the treatment. Kristen outstretched her right
foot and hooked it around my neck pulling me towards Faye�s shoes. The strength
of her leg surprised me and I fell onto my side in front of the table which
amused the three of them. Quickly gathering myself, I folded my legs beneath my
bottom to resume my kneeling position and raised my head up between Faye�s
large sneakers to the sight of her grinning face. I removed her sneakers and
again waited for Kristen�s approval, only continuing with the massage once I
had received her nod. I took an immediate liking to Faye�s feet. They were
larger than the other two girls, a size nine at least and my hands looked tiny
in comparison. I did my best to knead her soles and a few sighs from her told
me that I was on the right track. It crossed my mind that her large toes were
ripe for sucking, but I quickly removed the thought from my head, scared with
the way I was thinking. I was only fifteen minutes into Faye�s massage when
Kristen abruptly interrupted my service and demanded that I return to her feet.

�The film is about to finish. I want my bare feet rubbed while we watch the
next film, so take off my socks. And I�m kind of thirsty, go and get us all
something to drink and maybe some snacks too. Oh and turn the light off when
you come back in.� 

�Yes Miss Kristen� I said while nodding in response. I gently removed her socks
from her perfect feet and lay them flat on the coffee table. I made my way to
the kitchen and collected a variety of snacks and drinks on a tray so that Miss
Kristen would have a selection to choose from. With the tray in hand, I
returned to the living room and knelt before the three beauties, presenting the
snacks to them. They made their selections and I placed the tray with the
remaining refreshments on the floor. Not forgetting the light, I quickly jumped
up and turned it off. I wasn�t exactly sure why I was turning the light off, I
guess Kristen just thought she would be more comfortable watching the film in
the dark.

I started up the second film and resumed my position at Kristen�s feet, this
time excited that I was able to massage her barefeet. They still felt a bit
moist from cheerleading practice, even after the earlier massage in her socks.
I gently ran my fingers along her soles bringing a quiet sigh from my new
goddess.

�I can�t see the television properly, get your head out of the way� yelled
Nicole, mimicking Kristen�s dominant attitude towards me. I crouched down so
that my head wouldn�t block her view and it became immediately evident how
uncomfortable this position was going to be. The increased smell of Kristen�s
feet quickly made me forget about the discomfort as I realised that my nose was
now within inches of her toes. Confident that I could not be seen in the
darkness I placed my nose underneath her toes and quietly breathed in their
fragrance. Kristen giggled and curled her toes around my nose, which I took as
the go ahead to sniff away. I massaged and sniffed her feet to my hearts
content as she relaxed, enjoying her snacks and watching the film. Nicole and
Faye appeared to be completely unaware of my worship of Kristen�s stinky feet
and I hoped this was the case as I felt Kristen�s toes pushing against my lips.


I kept my lips closed as she pushed against them which I knew she would not
like, but I didn�t think I was ready to suck her toes with other people
present. Smelling her feet was one thing, but orally worshipping them with
Nicole and Faye in the room was a whole new humiliation. Kristen�s efforts on
my lips became more aggressive and I realised that if I didn�t allow her toes
into my mouth then she would probably say something out loud. This logic made
my lips slowly part and give in to her determined feet. As soon as I tasted the
flavour I knew that I had made the right decision. I went from left to right
greedily sucking each of her toes and licking between the gaps, removing and
swallowing all of the dirt that had built up from cheerleading practice.
Kristen�s moans grew louder but neither Nicole nor Faye said anything, so they
must have assumed that the massage was the reason. Kristen rubbed her free foot
all over my face as I ran my tongue along the sole of the other, lapping at her
feet like a dog, which I guess I had become. I prayed that the two other girls
wouldn�t notice me degrading myself in this way. Neither of them had vocally
acknowledged my new status, they had just sort of accepted it, but I knew that
if they saw me like this then things could never go back to the way they were.
I already knew things couldn�t go back, but I deluded myself into thinking that
there was at least a chance. 

That chance was completely destroyed when Nicole got up to use the bathroom and
turned on the light. I�ll never forget the look on her face. It wasn�t a look
of disgust or shock, it was a calculating look of victory.

�Oh my God! How the mighty have fallen! Why are you licking Kristen�s feet
Rebecca?� screamed Nicole with gusto.

Faye arose from the sofa and joined in with Nicole in mocking me. 

�Yeah, what�s happened to you? I thought the way you were willing to massage
our feet was strange enough, you would never have done that before. You�re usually
so bossy and up yourself, but you�ve turned into a complete wimp.� 

I looked up at them both and stopped licking Kristen�s feet. I was utterly
devastated that I had been caught in this position by them both and I just
wanted to die right there. Not surprisingly, Kristen didn�t look bothered at
all.

�Who told you to stop silly? Come on slave, keep on licking your head
cheerleader�s tired stinky feet clean.� She said in her usual serious tone. The
way she said it and the words she chose just made me love her even more.

�Yes Miss Kristen� I replied.

As ordered I resumed licking the sweat from the bottom of Kristen�s feet right
in front of Nicole and Faye. Nicole�s mouth hung wide open as my tongue slid up
between Kristen�s toes again and again. Faye looked just as intrigued, although
she had managed to keep her mouth closed.

�You cannot be serious� said Nicole �Rebecca is your slave, Kristen? How did
you manage to pull that off? She always thought she was better than us, and now
here she is licking your feet clean.�

�It was easy� replied Kristen, smiling briefly to herself before continuing
�she can�t help it, she loves my pretty feet and she�ll do anything I want. She
knows now that I am her superior and she�ll do whatever it takes to please me,
isn�t that right my little slave girl?�

Her words made a fire burn between my legs and I frantically kissed her feet
all over. She grinned at me as I degraded myself for her and gently rubbed the
side of my face with her right foot.

�Yes Miss Kristen, I�ll do anything for you.� I said, believing the words with
every fabric of my being.

Pleased with my response, she slipped her toes back into my mouth and I
continued with my tongue massage. Both Nicole and Faye looked on at my
humiliation and I could tell from their faces that they were both becoming
envious of Miss Kristen.

�Ummm Kristen, is there any chance that you could get her to lick my feet?�
asked Nicole, completely taking advantage of my now publicly revealed slavery.

�Sure, why not, I�m getting bored with her slobbering tongue anyway. Slave, dry
my feet with your hair and then lick Nicole�s feet for her.� 

�Yes Miss Kristen� I responded while using my ponytail the wipe the saliva from
her feet. Once they were dry to Kristen�s satisfaction she carelessly kicked my
face away with the sole of her foot.

Meanwhile Nicole had plopped down onto the sofa next to Kristen and raised her
socked feet onto the coffee table. I began to remove her socks when Kristen
piped in and suggested that I remove them with my teeth. I was embarrassed, but
I did it anyway, much to Nicole�s enjoyment.

�I�m really going to enjoy this, get to it little miss perfect and clean my
sweaty feet� said Nicole. I could sense a real bitterness towards me from her
and it became obvious that none of them really liked me. I guess I had been a
lot harder on them all than I had first thought.

I took a look at her feet for the first time without socks. They were very
nice, her toenails painted with a dark red. Of course, they were nothing compared
to Miss Kristen�s feet, but I would enjoy licking them anyway and I had to
admit, they way the girls were treating me was turning me on for some strange
reason. I carefully placed my tongue on Nicole�s arch and began licking up her
sole, much to her satisfaction. Enjoying her control over me, she let her head
fall back on the sofa and closed her eyes while letting a soft moan escape from
her lips. This only fuelled my effort and I began frantically licking all over
her feet, alternating between washing her soles and sucking on her toes. She
delicately flexed and wiggled her toes as my tongue explored every crevice.

�This feels so great. I can�t believe she�s sucking on my toes, will she do
this all the time?� asked Nicole between her moans.

�Well, for me she will, but maybe I�ll let you borrow her once in a while�
replied Kristen.

I remained at Nicole�s feet for the next half an hour, not once removing my
tongue from her feet. She looked so relaxed sat up on the couch above me and I
really felt honoured that I had the opportunity to serve her. Eventually she
grew bored of my tongue, just as Kristen had and I felt disappointed when she
pushed my face away with her feet. Luckily for me, Faye had already sat on the
sofa and removed her socks. She stared at me intently and then started to
speak.

�Ok, guess it�s my turn. Do you want to clean my smelly feet now slave
Rebecca?� 

I really did, but I could see what she was doing. This was just another chance
for her to humiliate me further.

�Yes please� I answered.

�I want to see you begging me. I don�t think you deserve to lick them.� She
said with the biggest smile across her face.

Wow, I didn�t know Faye was this dominant. She was really getting a kick out of
forcing me to beg for her feet and to be honest, it really turned me on. I
could feel my pussy was starting to leak into my panties as I looked at her big
feet and imagined on her succulent toes in my mouth.

�Please Miss Faye, you are so much better than me, I will do anything to lick
your precious feet clean.� I sounded so pathetic once again.

Faye looked towards her feet and nodded while spreading her toes. I caught
sight of the dirt that had collected there from cheerleading practice and I
dove straight in. I went for her big toes, which really were huge and they
filled my mouth as I wrapped my lips around them. Faye let out a little giggle
as I sucked at her toes like they were the sweetest candy. I could feel her
toes flexing in my mouth, so I tried to dig at the dirt in the gaps. It tasted
quite bitter, but I chewed and swallowed it anyway, much to her delight. 

I stayed on my knees for the rest of the night, only leaving the room to get
them extra snacks or drinks. They must have watched about five separate dvds
that night and the whole time I alternated between massaging and sucking at
their feet. I guess they couldn�t believe their luck. They had gone from
following me around to watching me degrade myself at their feet. It was quite
surprising how easily Nicole and Faye had accepted my submissiveness towards
them and by the end of the night they were already arranging with Kristen to
use me again in the near future. This didn�t faze me in the slightest. I would
look forward to our next encounter, as long as I remained on my knees.

At about midnight, Kristen ordered me to drive Faye and Nicole home and then
return back to her. The journey in the car was very awkward with both girls
giving me knowing glances in the rear view mirror and giggling amongst
themselves. When we came to Nicole�s house, I got out of the car and opened the
rear door for her. She arose from the car, looked at me and then gave me a pat
on the head with her hand as if I was her dog. I watched her swaying ass as she
walked towards her house and I wanted to follow her right in, but I knew Miss
Kristen was waiting for me at home.

Faye obviously liked what Nicole did as she gave me a pat on the head too.
However, she also ordered me to bow down in the street and kiss her sneakers. I
wasn�t to happy about doing this out in the open, but I knew better than to
disrespect her wishes. She smiled down at me as I kissed each of her shoes
separately then made her way towards her front door. I as got back into the car
I heard her shout over to me.

�Thanks for the massage Rebecca, I�ll look forward to the same treatment after
every practice.�

I turned bright red and I slammed the door, trying to get away from her as
quickly as possible. As I drove back towards Kristen�s house I was given a few
moments to think over my new life. Serving Kristen was actually too bad, after
all I enjoyed it and obviously she did. I didn�t really know what I wanted to
do when I grew up anyway, so if I was of some use to her then I guess that I
should be used to make her life easier. Anyway, what I wanted didn�t matter any
more, I belonged to my best friend Kristen now. 

I parked up the car and crept into the house, hoping that we were done for the
night. It had been a very eventful few days and I really did need to get some
sleep. I immediately dropped to my knees when I entered the living room, the
sight of Kristen completely took me by surprise and it just felt like the right
thing to do. She was sat on the sofa wearing nothing but her bath robe sipping
a glass of red wine. However, it was the item that she was holding in her other
hand that had my full attention. Dangling between her fingertips was a dog
collar and leash, and I knew exactly what it was for. Kristen flashed me her
mischievous grin and motioned for me to come to her.

�Crawl over here my little doggy, I�ve got a present for you.�

I did as ordered and made my way over to her, kneeling in my usual position at
her feet and waiting for her to put the final mark on my slavery. Kristen gave
me her wine glass to hold while she fastened the collar around my neck. It felt
quite tight but I did not complain. I would wear whatever she wanted me to. I
couldn�t meet her gaze as she snapped the collar in place and I as looked down
I caught a flash of her pussy beneath her bathrobe. I was secretly hoping that
I might have the chance to taste it. 

Kristen attached the leash to the collar and then pulled up sharply, forcing my
neck to twist harshly and rise to one side. She lifted my face with her
fingertips and looked into my eyes as if trying to read my thoughts. For some
reason I had the feeling that she was going to kiss me, but obviously that was
a stupid thought as she sat back on the sofa and placed both of her delicate
feet on my breasts. Why would she want to kiss me, my lips had been on her feet
all night. She tightly held my leash in her right hand and slowly raised one of
her feet, circling my lips sensually with her big toe. I parted my lips,
allowing her to slip her toe into my mouth. She didn�t rush, instead waiting a
few minutes before giving me the honour of sucking on her toe.

�I think it�s time for you to truly give yourself to me my slave.� She said out
of the blue.

I wasn�t quite sure what she was talking about, but she removed her toe from my
mouth and placed both of her feet on my shoulders, one either side of my head.
From this position I could see right up her bathrobe and I noticed that her
pussy was glistening. In a teasing way she edged her feet down my back so that
her knees came to rest on my shoulders. I looked up towards her face and found
myself in complete awe of her. She was so superior to me and I wanted to
worship her sex more than anything.

�Submit to me my slave, pleasure your goddess� she purred while pulling me
towards her with the leash. 

I almost came right there. The entire scene was turning me on and I wanted to
play with my pussy so bad, but I knew that this moment was about pleasing Miss
Kristen, not myself. I must have appeared so eager as leant beneath her robe
and kissed my way up her thighs, further increasing my efforts as I heard her
tender moans. This was my chance to shine and truly please her. I wanted to
give her as many orgasms as she desired. I met her lips with my mouth and
lustfully slipped my tongue into her slit, gently parting them and drawing an
approving sigh from her. As I pleasured her with my tongue I became aware of
her toes curling into my back. Her toenails caught my skins a few times and it
was quite painful, but I vowed to carry on through. I withdrew from her pussy
and quickly located her clitoris, lovingly circling the tip of my tongue over
it again and again. She responded by gyrating her hips and slipping the fingers
of her free hand into my hair, caressing my scalp while controlling the
movement of my head.

�ohhhh yessss, please me, please your goddess� she moaned, bringing forth a
renewed effort from my tongue.

An hour later I still knelt before her, tenderly kissing her pussy as she
patted my head. I�d been a good slave and pleasured her to a number of orgasms
with my tongue and she�d decided that I deserved a reward. She gazed at me
through narrowed eyelids while patting me as if I was her dog. Finally she
spoke, and informed me of what my reward would be. My nipples hardened at her
words. Tonight I would get to sleep in her room.

After composing herself, she arose from the sofa and pulled at my leash,
directing me on all fours towards the door. Once we arrived in her bedroom, she
tied the leash to the end of the bed, then without hesitating she climbed in
and pulled the covers over herself. I was completely disappointed. I had just
spent an hour pleasuring her to orgasm and I expected at least something in
return, but this was a one way relationship, master and servant. 

�Now for your reward� she said �put your head under the covers and lick my feet
while I sleep like a good girl, don�t even think about stopping.�

�Yes Miss Kristen� I replied. Putting my head under the covers, I felt right at
home.

I licked and licked and licked as Miss Kristen drifted off to sleep, without a
care in the world to worry her pretty head.





That all happened three weeks ago and things really did change. I�ve lost count
of how long I�ve spent at the end of that leash, between Miss Kristen�s legs
pleasuring her in ways I could never have imagined.

Kristen has taken total control of my life now and I am nothing more than her
willing slave. She says that she has everything planned out, we are going to
move into an apartment together so that I can serve her twenty-four hours a
day. She wants me at her beck and call whenever she feels like it and I must
wear my collar at all times so I never forget who I serve. Not that I would
anyway, all of my thoughts are now focused on ways in which I can please my
Goddess. I�ll do anything so that she can live her life in comfort and I am so
grateful to her for putting me where I belong � at her feet.

Of course, she has made it clear that I will pay all of the rent, so I assume I
am going to have to get a job, unless she decides to rent me out to her and my
former friends often. I still feel humiliated even now when they see me, they
used to look at me with envy and now it�s with amusement. And I can tell that
they each feel jealousy towards Kristen, knowing that they could have been the
ones to take me as a slave. Still, they each get to enjoy making me lick their
feet at the snap of their fingers whenever Kristen feels like loaning me out.

Recently, while I was kneeling before Kristen, her feet resting on a footstool
while I delicately lapped at her soles, she asked me why I had let her take
over my life so willingly. I wasn�t quite sure how to respond as I didn�t
really know the answer, but I tried to explain.

�Miss Kristen, I am so sorry for the way I used to treat you. You have taught
me that I am totally inferior to you and I should be grateful to you for
allowing me to serve you every day. I used to think that I was above everyone,
but I had everything wrong and I was just scared of the truth deep down inside.
I knew you were better than me and I just didn�t want to admit it, so when you
began to take control it just felt natural to me and I was unable to resist
you. You deserve to have a slave Miss Kristen and I am so thankful that I am
it.� 

Wow, it was with these words that I knew I was completely broken and Kristen
knew it too. She tightened her grip on my leash and pulled my face up against
her feet, squashing my nose and lips into her soles. When she released her grip
I saw the victorious smile on her face and the sensations in my pussy overcame
me and I orgasmed right there at her feet. Her only response to my sexual
display was that knowing smirk. She then pulled up on the leash, forcing me
into an upright position on my knees. This was the perfect height for her to
drape her legs over my shoulders as usual and I knew what she wanted, slowly
dipping my head and nestling my mouth over her pussy lips. I orally serviced my
ex-best friend for the next hour as she moaned and gyrated on my shoulders,
pleasuring her to multiple orgasms. 

Looking back at myself, it makes me laugh at how completely deluded I was
thinking that I was above everyone else. I was lucky to even have Kristen as my
friend and I should have kissed her feet every day in gratitude. I have pledged
to spend the rest of my life making it up to her for not treating her as the
goddess she is from the moment we met. She has accepted my pledge and she
thinks that it is the least I should do for a superior girl as herself. How I
ever thought I was better than her I don�t know.

It�s amazing how things can change in life. One moment sat on a sofa with my
best friend completely changed my outlook on life and once Kristen had me in
her grasp she never allowed me to escape. If I had just pushed her foot away
then things might have stayed the same, but I am glad that it has turned out
this way. I have finally found my place in life and all it took was to let go
and give into my best friend.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  themaneloco


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





