BDSM Library - You just have to keep the servents busy




You just have to keep the servents busy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: servent of the riding lessons







Copyright, kayce69@fsworld

 
  Keith Clarke
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1180
  2006-03-16T11:58:00Z
  2006-03-16T11:58:00Z
  1
  10609
  60476
  pagan
  503
  141
  70944
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Copyright, kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������������������������ Another story from
Pagan.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�������� All you have to do is see the
servants are kept busy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I thought,
that tapestry could be repaired, it wouldn�t take long; after all I had been
schooled in fine needle work and I, oh god who cares about the stupid pictorial
depicted on the wall, I was only thinking about it to blot out what had
happened to me and would happen again and again. What happiness I felt as I
remembered those words, It was going to be so easy, he said, I would be lady of
the manor, he said, just rule the home and keep the servants busy, he said. 

&nbsp;

Just likeI
remember when my father said, Miss Sara Morton Brown would one day be a lady;
he would hold my chin and with his warm smile spread across his lips tell me
that my charm, sensibility, demure disposition and beauty would be irresistible
to any man, his loving words were always followed by, as long as she kept
herself to herself. I didn�t realize what he meant, how could I, having never
been involved with other women, but I had to keep something called virginity
safe and let no man touch me until it was in my own matrimonial home but I
don�t think he meant it, well not like it is now.

&nbsp;

Oh Father
why did you go and have to die, I stayed with you, never left your side, you
meant everything to me after our lose when my mother died at my tender age of
six, that was bad enough, but for you to go when I was but seventeen, how could
this be what did I know of this world?

&nbsp;

Male tutors
taught me knowledge, I am well versed in our empire, our Queen Victoria, how
industry would change our world, new horizons in India, the Americas and my
religious education is second to none but I knew nothing of what a girl should
know. 

&nbsp;

I thought I
had beauty, my father had told me and he would never lie. I would look at
myself when I would bath, a nice 5foot 6 frame and what I thought was the right
proportions. I knew about breasts and thought mine a little large but having
seen pictures of my mother thought it natural. The nipples, from what I had
read about were for breast feeding my young but they seemed excessively long,
they would sometimes hurt when they rubbed on my bodice and how they thickened
when I was cold was but a mystery to me.

&nbsp;

My waist was
very slender, it seemed the curve of my bottom almost disappeared in to it and
I used to think about the things in books, one such book said a baby would form
inside my stomach, I remember shaking my head as to how the tight firm skin
would hold such a thing and when it would happen. I even wondered about the
hair that neatly curled above the hole for losing my water but when I started
bleeding the words, its what women do, from my embarrassed tutors had me more
than confused.

&nbsp;

No, I knew
nothing of the world but I did know that outside my front door it was a place
that frightened me. 

&nbsp;

That fear
was soon realized at the funeral. I met my aunt and two cousins, young
uncoothed scruffy men, slightly older than me, I felt sick as I saw the grins
on their faces when their mother told me I was to live with them, she just
droned on as my young mind tried to understand that due to some over seas
business failure my fathers house, our family home had been forfeit to the debtors,
she sneered at me as she said anyway you�ll like it, it�s a nice room and you
better be grateful. 

&nbsp;

I couldn�t
believe it, I stood there staring at the three of them, my jaw dropped and all
I heard was one cousin say to the other, �Looks nice with her mouth open,� as I
turned to hide my tears the other said, �Any ideas what we should put in it?�
if only I had known what they meant. 

&nbsp;

My so called
nice room was in the attic, Andrew and Roland shared a large room under mine
and Aunt Miriam occupied the front of the house, the housekeeper had a room but
living close by, she hardly used it, I hated the house there were no locks on
the doors, which meant I had to use the bathroom when no one was about. 

I kept
myself to myself, I had brought my books so I studied, using the excuse that I
must learn to make my way in the world so I may repay her kindness, that was
what I hoped she thought not that I really wanted to get away from her and the
continual nasty remarks and unnecessary touching of my body from the other two.

&nbsp;

My sanctuary
lasted but three weeks. It was a Tuesday night, I sat in my room, I had
finished work on my tapestry but I couldn�t sleep even though it was late my
mind wrestled with the fears people instilled in me now I was alone in the
world, suddenly my thoughts were disturbed by squeals and slapping noises
coming from downstairs. I was worried, what could be happening, so I took the
decision to find out; with my heart thumping fast slowly a crept down the
stairs.

&nbsp;

As I crept
further down the grunts and slaps got louder, surly my Aunt wasn�t having to
chastise her sons at their age, I knew they were unruly but, if in body alone
they were nearly men.

I could see
my Aunts room door, it was slightly open, light came from the crack at the
side, I crept closer, the noise�s from the room masking any sound I made.

&nbsp;

I had to
clasp my hand to my mouth at the sight that greeted my inquisitive eyes. 

On the floor
knelt my Aunt, she was naked, her hands clasped behind her head, Andrew was
naked and standing in front of her, he had something between his legs, it
looked attached, it was long and thick like a pole, pink as his own flesh but
hard and it was pushing in to my Aunts mouth.

&nbsp;

Behind her
stood Roland, he to had a similar thing between his legs only it wasn�t hard,
it hung down with a fleshy pouch behind it, in his hand he held a riding crop
which he flicked viciously at my Aunts naked buttocks, it was her that was
making the squealing, grunting noises.

&nbsp;

I stood
there mesmerized by the scene before me; the more Roland slapped her bottom the
more my Aunt wiggled it around at the same time moving her head quickly back
and forth, the thing in her mouth seemed so long. I stifled a gasp as she let
go of it, it was huge; she kissed and licked up and down what looked like a
roll of meat with a large bulbous head; I felt sick as she kissed the tip
before starting to lick it, her mouth then moving down to the weird pouch under
it, I gagged as she tried to get it in to her mouth.

&nbsp;

Roland bent
behind her, I couldn�t believe what I was seeing, he put his hand down and
played with her bottom before I watched it slide under and between her spread
thighs, he was pushing his fingers up inside her water hole, my Aunt was
wiggling even more as she started to suck Andrew�s meat back in to her mouth.

&nbsp;

Roland was
giggling, saying things that were strange to my ears, �Mothers a fine cock
sucker, still the best, what say you brother?� Andrew was pumping his hip
towards my Aunt and this long thing seemed to be completely in her mouth, I was
wondering how she could do it as he sniggered back, �Sucks all the way as long
as a finger is stuck up her, you want to fill her mouth before with both take
her to the bed and do her other holes later?�

&nbsp;

There seemed
to be urgency now, they all moved franticly, then it happened; Andrew held her
hands to the back of her head and pushed. At the same time Roland thrust his
fingers up inside her and I gasped, it must have been heard because at the same
time Andrew suddenly pulled the thing out of Aunts mouth and white globs of
sticky juice spurt from a hole on the end covering my Aunts face and breast�s.

&nbsp;

She didn�t
move, she swayed as the stringy white stuff covered her face but she still
stayed knelt and her hands stayed clasped behind her head, as I stepped back I
could still see Roland as he moved, he came around in front of her and my Aunt
started licking his long thing, I nearly stumbled as I watched it grow long and
hard before my eyes.

&nbsp;

As I turned
to go back upstairs I saw him push it in to her mouth. Slowly I crept back, my
mind in turmoil as I tried to understand what I had seen. I lay in bed, if I
couldn�t sleep before I certainly couldn�t now. 

&nbsp;

Thankfully I
must have dozed off because it was Jane the housekeeper that woke me, telling
me breakfast was ready, a quick wash and I was down. 

�My you look
like you had a bad night,� I jumped Roland was behind me he hadn�t gone out, I
said something like I stayed up finishing my tapestry work, stammering as I
added, I didn�t realise how late it was, he just grinned at me as he said, �Oh
I thought it was something you�d eaten or is it, wished you had,� I ignored
him.

&nbsp;

I quickly
ate and returned upstairs, my aim to catch up on some sleep. I must have been
successful� because when I woke it was
dark and I was hungry. I went downstairs but the house was empty, grabbing some
cheese and bread I scurried back upstairs, rushed through the door and put the
chair back under the handle.

&nbsp;

�Hello
cousin Sara,� I froze in horror as I felt a hand on my shoulder.

I went to
move the chair, as I did I dropped the plate, but it was to late, other hands
grabbed my arms and dragged them behind me, I felt rope roughly binding my
wrists, I struggled to get away only to hear Roland mocking me, �Got you now
little Sara, you�re not going anywhere.�

Andrew
joined in, �Enjoy the show last night well we think you can do better then
ma-mar and as dear ma-mar has gone out we have all night to prove it.�

&nbsp;

My squealed
protests could never be heard, I knew we were too high and so did they as they
dragged me to my bed.

Their evil
grins will live with me the rest of my life, my pleas for mercy were just
laughed away, I knew nothing of the plans, why me, what had I done that they
should force themselves upon me, I begged in the name of all that was good to
be left in peace only to get Roland laughing at me as he pushed me on to the
bed, �The only good piece right now is you.� 

&nbsp;

I struggled
as I watched them remove their breeches, their long things daggled obscenely
between their legs; soon they were on me, positioning me the length of my bed
as first Roland then Andrew climbed on.

Roland
attacked my blouse, unbuttoning it, pulling it from my skirt then dragging my
bodice down until my breasts were bare before him, as he did that so Andrew pushed
my skirt up until he could pull on the ribbon of my bloomers, loosening them so
he could pull them down, it seemed my begging only increased the crazed
actions.

&nbsp;

Roland bent
his head, his eyes feasting on my naked breast�s, in a crazed laugh he almost
shouted, �You have got to see such nipples,� Andrew stopped, he slid up my body
as both of them started to suck at my naked breast�s. They made me cry out as
their teeth pulled at my nipples, I felt finger�s touching me between my legs
as digit after digit pushed in to me, Andrew stopped sucking my nipple, he
looked at me, �My, my cousin Sara you have got great nipples, the like of which
I have never seen before and I will use them time and time again and in the
none to distant future you can be sure but now I must taste what must surely be
a sweet tight virgin cunny.�

&nbsp;

Roland was
now free to molest both my breasts as Andrew slid down and down the bed until I
felt his elbows thumping in to my thighs as they forced my knees apart, Roland
grinned at me, �Come now cousin, don�t disobey us or life will be the worst for
you. There�s no need of shyness your only going to get your titties sucked and
your only going to get your cunt fucked and maybe your cute bottom will take a
stiff cock tonight as well and there�s nothing you can do about, we will fuck
you tonight and many more nights, get used to it, its you roll in this house
the same as ma-mars and your first duty is sucking my cock, don�t fight it, its
what women are for, so just open those pretty lips.�

&nbsp;

I tried to
answer but all I could do was jump and squirm as I felt Andrews tongue, he was
getting some sort of satisfaction licking my water hole, pushing his tongue
inside and sucking at the hard nub at the top of it, his fingers were pulling
the hole open giving himself access to my innermost parts.

&nbsp;

Roland could
see I was shaking, he straddled my chest and daggled his fat meat over my lips,
�Come on little miss innocent, I saw you last night and you saw ma-mar as she
sucked us off so now its your turn to get on with the same, what we call paying
lip service to your masters.�

&nbsp;

He put his
hand back and pinched my nipple, the pain was such that I had to open my mouth,
his foul meat shoved inside and he began to pump it in to me, pushing it to the
back of my throat. I tried to stop him, I was confused all the time my mouth
was being used Andrew was pushing his fingers in to me, deeper and deeper, he
hurt, my dry hole wouldn�t accommodate his continual thrusting, much as he kept
fingering me then licking and spitting on his finger before continuing his
assault, he still hurt, I wanted to protest but couldn�t as Roland�s fat meat
was now getting fatter, harder and longer, completely filling my mouth.

&nbsp;

Roland
grinned down at me, �Is cousin Sara enjoying her face fuck, you do look
splendid with a cock in your mouth, it really suits you, I knew it would from
the first day I saw you, quite a complement to think that I had decided there
and then to fuck every hole you have for many years to come.� He was now
breathing heavy, he grabbed my hair and dragged my head up and forward as he
crammed his meat further in to my mouth, I squealed around it as I felt a sharp
pain between my legs, my squeal around his meat must have sent Roland over as
he shouted, �And here�s your first load, here you are cousin swallow this for
your fucking supper.� 

&nbsp;

My mouth
filled with a strange salty taste then spurts of warm liquid hit the back of my
throat, I gagged, I thought I would drown in the filth. He pulled back, back
enough for me to gulp air as well as this juice but all he did was laugh as I
swallowed and coughed, groaning for what seemed to be his pleasure.

&nbsp;

I had only
just caught my breath when he slapped the hideous thing back on my lips, �Lick
it clean, you won�t want a dirty cock up your bottom later,� as I tried to
comply with his order I heard Andrew say, �You can use her cunny next if you
want, my finger went all the way, our pretty little cousin isn�t a virgin any
more so we may as well enjoy all of her goodies.��� 

&nbsp;

�You clean
her cunny up,� Roland grinned in my face, �Hear that cousin, we are going to
clean your cunny up, then fuck it all tonight and then night after night after
that, I bet you�re going to look real nice with out these silly clothes, I know
you have a hell of a body and later I�m going to love stripping you and playing
with it.� 

&nbsp;

They both
got off the bed, as Andrew rubbed a wet cloth over my abused hole I heard
Roland say, �Right, tie her legs, then I think first we will take a beer, find
the riding crops in mothers room, then a satisfying cigarette before back here
for an amusing night of just fucking our cousin Sara,� he turned and grinned at
me, �You thought you were tired last night, well tomorrow I don�t think you
will be fit enough to get out of bed in fact I bet you will still be here when
we come to use you again, which I can promise you will be much more fun as
tomorrow night we will have you and dear ma-mar to play with,� I lay there
bound hand and foot as he went down stairs laughing at me, �You will love the
taste of her cunny in your mouth as she will licking yours.�

&nbsp;

I fought
hard against the rope, it wouldn�t move, I was in a panic, was this it, to
spend the rest of my young age having these awful things that seemed to have no
meaning at all being done to me by this strange family, suddenly I remembered
my tapestry box, there were sharp scissors in there.

&nbsp;

With in five
minutes I was pulling my clothes straight and sliding quietly down the stairs,
I grabbed my purse and coat and was out the door and away, away where, the
housekeeper Jane, she lived somewhere near the embankment.

&nbsp;

The fog got
thicker as I struggled through the narrow streets. I tried to remember her
address, I thought Blake street or was it Burn or Blaine street I looked
everywhere. As I dodged� horse�s� and carriages I knew I was getting close to
the river, the smell of seaweed and the rattle of carts along with the noise of
rowdy bars frightened me, my heart pounded as I searched street names, suddenly
an arm gripped mine.

&nbsp;

�What�s the
hurry little lady, lost or something?� I looked round only to see a large ugly
man, his arms covered in tattoos, behind I saw three more, one, a black
gentleman grinned at me, his gold teeth shone in the dim lamp light, the first
one spoke again, �I said are you lost, can we help, you know a nice little
thing like you shouldn�t be out here alone.� I stammered, �I�m looking for a
street,� he stifled a giggle, �There�s a lot of them around here love, which
one?�

&nbsp;

I was in a
panic, �I think its something like Blake or Burn street, its near the docks,�
the one with gold teeth tapped the first man on the shoulder, �Burn street is
down that alley,� his finger pointed over my head, as I turned to look in that
direction I was propelled towards a dark alley.

&nbsp;

I tried to
speak to them; I remember I nearly fell as my head turned up, turning to speak,
they were so big but I tried, �Please are you sure this is the way, it doesn�t
look the type of place she would live,� but they still jostled me, pushing me
in to the gloom of the alley, I was about to say that they were wrong and it
was a dead end when suddenly they stopped.

&nbsp;

I turned to
see where we were but all I could see was them, I tried to explain, it�s a dead
end I told them, I need to look elsewhere, thank you for your help but I should
be going, but they took know notice of my trying to get past, they pushed me
further back, hands grabbed at me, some one got behind me, holding me, I
struggled but I was held tight as the leader grabbed my jaw, �There�s only place
your going and that�s down on your knees,� he looked at the man behind me, �Get
her down and hold her, I�m first in her mouth.�

&nbsp;

I had no
chance they were far to strong, I soon found myself on my knees as was the man
holding me, I couldn�t scream his arm held me around the throat his other hand
gripped my hair, all I could see was the glint of the gold teeth as the black
man watched the leader unbuckle his trousers.

&nbsp;

I could only
squeak my pleas for mercy, please gentlemen stop this, its wrong I beseech you
to stop, its, it is unchristian of you, you are breaking the law, I am refusing
your attention so release me, he just laughed at me, �The only thing I�m
breaking is my balls so stop talking and start sucking,� his filthy meat pushed
at my lips.

&nbsp;

The pain in
my head forced me to surrender I opened my mouth and for the second time in two
hours I found a man�s meat thrusting in to my mouth. I tried to concentrate,
again I was trying not to choke, he was yelling, �Suck it, suck it,� I still
didn�t understand but I wanted to live so I tried doing as he told me, then I
heard the others talking.

There were
gruff voices, �You going to fuck her?� then another voice, �No I�ll wait until
we get her on the boat,� I panicked as much as I could as another voice said,
�She�ll be good for the voyage, use her as fuck meat until we get to Edinburgh
then we can sell her to one of the dock whore house�s.�

&nbsp;

I struggled
but still I was held, the foul meat tasted awful but it was filling my mouth,
the huge head rubbed in to the roof of my mouth running along before jabbing in
to my throat, I could hardly open my jaw wide enough to get it all in, it was
much more than Roland�s, even while my mouth was being abused I thought why
were these things different sizes, as I thought that I felt it swelling even
more as his thrusting became faster, the fear returned as I heard him boast,
�Watch me fill her mouth lads, watch me make her swallow but I tell you this
ones a innocent we�ll enjoy fucking her every day for the next two months,� I
still didn�t understand what they meant, what these words meant but now I had
other things to worry about I was trying to swallow as more warm fluid filled
my mouth.

&nbsp;

A gruff
voice almost deafened me, �There you go sweetheart, enjoy having a face fuck did
you well get used to it, your pretty little mouth is going to be sucking cocks
and swallowing cum all the way to Scotland.�

&nbsp;

Hands were
all over me, pulling at my bodice gabbing at my breasts as the man behind shook
my head making me swallow all the warm salty liquid, I was trying to cry out,
begging them to stop but all I heard were voice, �Come on, knock her out lets
get her back to the boat and get her strung up and naked, I can�t wait to start
fucking her cunt,� all these words were foreign to me but I was still
frightened, then suddenly without warning the shouts changed, they became
cries.

&nbsp;

Thumping
noises and shouts, more like screams of pain filled the air as they suddenly
left me. Frightened I looked up, a huge man stood over me, a club in his hands
and I could see blood dripping from the end, I waited for him to strike when a
gently hand took my arm, I looked up, my eyes fell on a kind mature face, his
eyes smiled back at me, �Come my dear, don�t worry, they won�t be coming back,
Danvers has seen to that.

&nbsp;

I tried to
thank him but all he did was smile and point to a grand carriage, �Lets get you
cleaned up young lady, I didn�t think you were the type to invite that kind of
attention,� with his help I staggered to the carriage.

&nbsp;

The huge man
walked in front, nobody stood in our way, nobody dared. I found myself in the
warmth of the carriage wrapped in a large cosy rug as I explained my
predicament.

He listened
to my plight, shaking his head as her heard how I had given my trust to family
and strangers only to find myself abused. I ended up crying like a baby until
he patted my hand and said, �I think a few days in the country would do you a
lot of good young lady,� he lent out of the window and said something to the
big man and the carriage lurched forward.

&nbsp;

The ride
took over two hours and as we rode through the country side. My life, being
simple was easy to tell. I found out he was a widower, his wife had died at
child birth and he made no means that he was a man of wealth but had not been
well sense his wife died and his house keeping had gone to ruin, no control
over unruly staff, there was no one to keep the servants busy, the house
keeper, gardeners and men servants were a rule unto them-selves and he had
business elsewhere so control was lacking, he smiled as he suggested that maybe
I would like to earn my keep and live safely at Highgate Hall by being head
housekeeper.

&nbsp;

The next
three months were heaven, we all worked together, Mr Highgate was amazed at the
way I controlled the staff, though myself I didn�t think I did anything but
they worked well and they gave him respect, it was then we became close. It was
as we approached the time for his first business trip away that he intimated
his feeling towards me, he loved my innocence�s, I remember he laughed as I
asked what those men had been saying but he didn�t answer, the fact I was
chaste and of good character made him warm to me and that if I stayed that way
on his return we could became more than just friends.

&nbsp;

My heart
jumped, was this to be my matrimonial home, was I to be lady of the manor?

&nbsp;

He enjoyed
being able to continue his business ventures, as he said, that was where the
money was. His first wife had always begged him not to go, he knew she fritted
as when he returned she always looked tired and would keep by his side when he
was home, but now he felt better knowing I would always be my charming innocent
self.

&nbsp;

I watched
his carriage disappear through the gate, I gave a little prayer that the next
three months would pass quickly; as I turned to go back up the steps I stifled
a tear, his last words filled my mind, remember my dear all you have to do is
see that the servants are kept busy.

&nbsp;

I went to my
room to compose myself; I knew I couldn�t be seen by the staff in this state, I
waited about half an hour then thought a walk in the grounds would be
beneficial and refreshing.

I walked to
the sculpture garden expecting to see the gardeners busy but the rakes lay on
the ground and the wheelbarrow lay on its side. My next stop must be the
stables, again no-one, in a hurry I made my way back to the house.

I passed
bucket and cloth at the windows but where were the servants, as I made my way
to the back door I could hear laughter from the kitchen parlour.

&nbsp;

My
stomach turned over as I approached the parlour door, there had to be an
explanation maybe just a misunderstanding, I gently pushed at the door, I first
saw Rogers the groom, he roared with laughter as he saw me peeking around the
door, �Well if it isn�t the young Miss Morton Brown come in and sit yourself
down,� I went to move as I heard Todd the stable boy say, �Ya come in here
darling and sit on this,� I was confused, I pushed in but I couldn�t see
another seat.

&nbsp;

Mrs Dorking
was very silly, giggling for no reason, I bit like my two cousins when they had
been drinking but surly not her, but like the others she was laughing and I
felt at me as she said, &quot;Hello lovely, just been talking bout you, your
ears burning?&quot; it was then I was sure Sugget the gardener said, &quot;I'd
like to burn her but not her ears,&quot; then he used a strange word,
&quot;More like her cute arse.&quot;

&nbsp;

They
all laughed so I thought I better do the same, laughing along with them, that
seemed to break the ice as they laughed even more, it was Reith the house man
that suddenly said, � Mr Rogers I thought you were going to suggest to Miss
Brown that now that the master has gone away she should learn to ride, you do
still have the ladies saddle that the late mistress was trained on?�

&nbsp;

I was
taken aback as Todd threw his head back and roared, And we all know what
happened to her after her riding lessons, she had to---,� Rodgers snapped,
�Silence boy,� he looked coyly at me, �Sorry marm we let him have a little
drink, the boys not used to it, now where were we, oh yes what do you think
about doing some riding?� Todd got up and pushed past me, he had his hand over
his mouth but I knew he was still laughing.

&nbsp;

Reith
came up to me, �We will try a session this very afternoon, shall we say around
three, I�ll make sure I have finished my duties and be on hand to assist Mr
Rogers should the need arise, would be nice to have one over on Mr Danvers when
he returns, he does have a tendency to think women are not for the great
outdoors, don�t you agree?� he smiled at me, I thought how kind of him to think
of my welfare.

&nbsp;

As I
returned to my inspection of the cleaning I noticed all the male servants
scurrying about their business, everything was once again fine at Highgate Hall
and I thought how good of them to be concerned over me now my protector, Mr
Highgate was away.

&nbsp;

It was
ten minutes to three, as I walked towards the stable, I must admit to being a
little fearful but Reith�s remarks about showing off to Danvers was exciting, I
hoped I had dressed correctly, I had thought of a long loose fitting dress, I
had left my bustle off, instead choosing bloomers and firm under top, short but
strong boots and my hair tied up top and tight, there was most certainty a
tingle in the air.��� 

&nbsp;

Rogers
and Reith stood by a brown fine horse, it looked enormous to me, and it was
fitted with a saddle, I had never seen a saddle before and I thought how
strange that it should have a short pole like thing fastened in the centre but
what did I know of such things. They turned as I entered, gave a courteous nod
and with a smile beckoned me towards the horse.

&nbsp;

Reith
took my hand and told me that he would watch and be on hand should I fall, we
were only going to trot around today, Mr Rogers would lead but not let go, then
he waited while Rogers fetched some steps, with them holding the horse I
attentively climbed upwards.

&nbsp;

As I
reached the top Rogers explained that I should let my dress billow front and
back and not to let it bunch up under me, this was a learners saddle built to
give added security to the novice, I was to sit astride and get comfortable, I
took a deep breath before I threw my leg up and over and while pulling my skirt
out from under me lowered myself down.

&nbsp;

The nub
shaped pole felt uncomfortable, I didn�t know how it fitted, Rogers told me to
move around until it felt secure but I could hardly say it felt easier when it
was in my water hole, but the material of my bloomers helped cushion the
pressure and fortunately I had just finished that strange time when I bled. I
smiled and nodded that I was ready, Rogers ran his hand over his thick beard
then looked at Reith before saying, �Walk on,� and we moved out.

&nbsp;

As we
left the stable Reith shouted, �Just rock gently to the movement of the horse,�
I did and it did feel easier especially as the nub pushed in deeper and felt
securer.

Roger�s
walked a little further, he turned and nodded, I nodded back, �Just squeeze the
saddle a little, use your thigh muscles as I may walk a little faster, maybe
even run a bit then back, just to let you get the feel, remember what Mr Reith
said, bounce with the rhythm of the horse,� he started to quicken the pace.

&nbsp;

The nub
thing seemed to slip out then in again, it made me feel strange, not
uncomfortable but it seemed to slip in easier as though I was wet. I must say I
felt dampness around it but a slippery damp, and it seemed as I got damper a
little tingling sensation filled my stomach, I was a little pleased when he
went back to a walking pace I found I could catch my breath again.

&nbsp;

Then
without warning he started to run, we were moving in a large circle and as the
horse seemed to lean to the right the nub was rubbing me, I suddenly realised
that the moister had made my bloomers so wet that they had torn, the pole thing
was actually now rubbing inside me and the tingling was making me dizzy. 

&nbsp;

Roger�s
ran, walked slowly, walked quickly and ran again now moving the horse in a
figure of eight, as the horse changed direction so I bounced around, like-wise
the nub moved all around inside me, I began to swoon, the sensation was making
my head spin, I could see, but only in a blur that we were heading back into
the stables.

&nbsp;

As we
came to a holt I started to faint, I could just feel Reith lifting me from the
horse, I must have been a handful as he was actually lifting me by holding and
squeezing my breast�s, he held me like that for a few moment. Then he passed me
down, Roger�s must have tried to grip my legs, in my state it must have been difficult
as I felt his hand slide under my dress, as I lowered so his hand travelled up
my bloomers and slid in to the torn gusset, his whole hand was over my naked
water hole.

&nbsp;

I was
very over come, so they held me like that for a while before lowering me to the
ground. In my confused state I heard Reith say, � Her dress is too tight,�
Roger�s laughed, �Well we know what she needs she needs air,� with that I felt
fingers on my dress, all the buttons on the front of my dress were undone, and
my bodice top dragged down my arms. I felt cold hands on my now naked breast�s,
squeezing them and my nipples, which were now very long and thick were being
pulled; I knew I must awake, fortunately I must have mumbled something because
my bodice top was quickly dragged back up my arms.

&nbsp;

The
next thing I heard was Roger�s, �Oh well done miss, you�re all right, did you
enjoy that?� while quickly buttoning my top I struggled up, I could see the concern
on their face�s so I said that I was fine, apologizing for my silliness and
that it must have been the excitement, Reith laughed and said, �Good, same time
tomorrow then and we will take it a step further.�

&nbsp;

I tried
my hardest to walk out of the stable, I didn�t want them to see me, the wetness
between my legs made me embarrassed and I still felt quite dizzy. Some how I
found my way back to the house and literally dragged myself up the stair by
gripping the banister rail, not knowing where the strength was coming from as I
made it to the top. My room swayed in front of me as I clutched at the handle,
the door opened and I crumbled to the floor.

&nbsp;

Like a
distant voice I heard Mrs Dorking, and I seemed to be lifted on to the bed, it
was like a muffled voice in another room as I tried to make out what it was she
was saying, �Well, well dearie they have got you in a right mess, well lets
have these clothes off and take a peek, looking at you maybe there�s time to
have a taste and see what all the fuss is about.�

&nbsp;

I was
pulled, pushed and tossed around but I didn�t have the strength to open my eyes
let alone help myself, then the weirdest sensation, it was like but not like
what had happened with my cousin�s. Between my legs felt wet and something
smooth was playing over my hole, the tingling came back. As I felt a strange
feeling in my nipples my body must have jumped and I know I groaned because I�m
sure Dorking said, �Mm dearie, you taste as sweet as nutmeg no wonder the boys
what some of that to play with, be soon like the old days, another helpless
little fuck toy to be used while masters away,� but I was to exhausted to
understand and the words seemed to jumble in my head.

&nbsp;

I must
have fainted because when I woke I was in clean under garments. I hurriedly dressed,
checked myself in the mirror and raced down stairs to find out what was going
on. To my amazement all was quite, the dish�s were done, the house was clean, I
looked out side all was neat and tidy and no one was to be seen, I knew Danvers
would be back tomorrow but I didn�t realize they were that bothered, I smiled
as I remembered the words, they are an unruly lot, I smiled to myself, how
wrong could he be. 

&nbsp;

Morning
came and Mrs Dorking was in her usual happy state, she smiled at me as I
thanked her for her care and attention last evening, she said it was no bother
and carried on. I was about to ask her about the words I thought I had heard
when Danvers arrived back; I saw him as he left the carriage to be put away,
Roger�s and Reith were in deep conversation, there was a lot of laughter and
back slapping as he turned to enter the house.

&nbsp;

He
touched his hat as we met, I enquired after Mr Highgate, and he told me all was
well and that Mr Highgate sent me his kindest regards; he was at pains to
congratulated me on trying horse riding and promised he would make time to be
there this afternoon, in fact he said he wouldn�t miss it for the world; I
thought how kind, I had always been a little frightened of this huge ugly man
and the way he looked at me but maybe I�d been wrong all the time.

&nbsp;

The
house seemed to work very well, I didn�t notice the time until Mrs Dorking
pointed out I should be readying myself for the ride. I ran to get changed and
bearing in mind what had happened yesterday, I dressed in loose bodice, a full
buttoned blouse, the same torn bloomers and a long loose skirt, putting on the
same sturdy boots I ran to the stables.

&nbsp;

Roger�s
stood with Danvers, Reith was with the horse, it was a different one from
yesterday and the saddle looked different too, was I imagining it or was the
nub longer and thicker and the lacing on the leather stood very proud, I was
about to ask when a small glass, full of liquid was handed to me, Rogers smile
beamed from behind his beard, �This will settle the stomach, you know what
happened yesterday, I should have thought of it then but as you will be doing
this afternoon with out the aid of your hands then this should help.�

&nbsp;

I took
the glass but protested that I never drank, liquor being the work of the devil
and what did he mean, with out the aid of my hands, he touched the glass to my
lips, �There, there miss, it�s medicinal to warm you, now drink it down and
I�ll explain,� I sniffed it, it smelt very strong. As I took a sip Danvers
pushed at the glass and the liquid filled my mouth. I swallowed it all, it felt
like fire in my throat, I coughed as Roger�s said, �Yes today you work the
horse with your knees, you will ride with your hands behind you, there are two
loops in the saddle to make sure you are secure and safe, now come on, times a
wasting,� the ladders were brought to the horse.

&nbsp;

I felt
a little dizzy as I straddled the saddle, holding my skirt front and back I
slipped on, feeling the pole fastened in to me, I had never seen ladies riding
attire and thought how ignorant I was in not knowing this is how ladies rode,
Reith was quickly up, �Put our hands behind up and feel for the rope,� I did
and caught hold of the two ends, to my surprise, Reith fastened them around my
wrists, tying them tight, before I could ask, he said, �There now you are safe
and ready to became our prize pupil,� vanity took my mind else where as I
thought, prize pupil, is that what they thought of me well I never but I was
taken aback by the sensation as the horse jerked forward and we left the
stable. 

&nbsp;

I
coughed to cover the strange feeling in my stomach when Roger�s looked up at
me, �Just grip the horse with your knees, move your hips and knees right or
left depending on which way you wish to go and then open and close your knees
rapidly when you wish to go faster, I will run with you first then Mr Danvers
will take over,� I looked to my side, things were a little blurry but was
surprised to see Danvers on another horse riding just to my left, I thought he
must be there for my safety. 

&nbsp;

For
some unknown reason I belched, then I giggled, I felt so light headed, then
Roger�s began to run and that same tingle, only ten fold more rippled in my
stomach.

He
swung the horse to the right then back to the left shouting at me to move my
hips and knees, I tried and the sensation increased again. I bounced back and
forth, up and down, the ribbed edging on the leather nub rubbed inside me, oh
god the feeling was becoming over whelming, I felt wet, was I going to relieve
myself, what was the feeling that was engulfing me, I squealed for him to stop,
I could do nothing with my hands tied, suddenly Danvers rode to the side and
took the reigns from Roger�s and we moved faster. 

&nbsp;

The
horse�s were now trotting at a fast pace, the nub thing was moving, the more I
tried to keep to the rhythm of the horse the more the ribbing rubbed inside, I
felt strange, the medicine had my head spinning and the sensation inside me was
over powering me, I knew it should stop but for some uncontrollable urgency I
didn�t want it to, it just seemed to be getting to me as I couldn�t help but
squeal like a silly school girl.

&nbsp;

I tried
to focus on Danvers, I could see he was grinning back at me, he must have
thought I was enjoying it as he turned towards the long way back over the rough
track that lead to the house. The bridle path was very uneven and suddenly the
horse was taking shorter strides, I bounced up and down very fast, I needed my
hands to relieve the pressure but they would not pull free.

&nbsp;

I would
have fallen were I not tied, I swooned as the sensation took my breath away,
the drink had me confused I couldn�t understand these feeling, as I bounced
faster so I leaked a wet slippery juice over the saddle, again the feelings
washed over me, not unpleasant but causing me to almost faint. I couldn�t help
it long moans were emanating from my lips as my blurry eyes saw the entrance to
the stable I tried to focus on Rogers and Reith both of them laughing as we
entered.

&nbsp;

Quickly
Reith was up the ladder, I could hardly speak my thanks as I felt his hands on
my wrist. He tugged at the rope but my wrists, I was confused it was strange as
he lifted me up and off the pole that my hands were still tied together, I was
in to much of a state to protest as he handed me down to the smiling Rodger�s,
I wanted to tell him my hands weren�t free but he ignored my mumblings.

&nbsp;

I felt
more hands lifting me it was as though I was flying, my body tingled, I was a
almost delirious, I blinked open my eyes to see a large mattress nestled in one
of the stalls and in this weird state I felt as though I was flying towards it.

&nbsp;

With
all the hands I could feel I seemed to drift on to the mattress. I looked
through blurred eyes at three shapes, as my body convulsed in to another spasm
they seemed to descend on me, a muffled voice said, �Right we�ve wanted long
enough to have this one let�s have some fun, get her clothes off.�

&nbsp;

I felt
fingers on my blouse, then on my skirt, buttons were being pulled from the
holes, my blouse and bodice were roughly pulled down my arms. In my bemused
state I tried to move but my hands were still tied. I felt my skirt slide away
from my bloomers, the hole in my bloomers suddenly tore, fingers pushed at my
hole, first one went then two, in and out, in and out, the feeling was over
powering me, mouth sucked at me nipples, I wanted to scream but my voice
straggled in my throat, the feeling was incredible, like shocks piercing every
fibre of being, my hips jumped and I groaned as a deep male voice triumphantly
said, �Got you little miss perfect, got you and what you�ve got will be used
for a long time to come.�

&nbsp;

Another
voice joined in, �You gona fuck her first, if so I�ll take seconds, � another
voice said, �And I�ll take her cute little arsehole but only after she�s had a
taste of this down the back of her throat first.�

&nbsp;

The
first voice spoke again, �Come on, work on her, lets get her so she can�t say
no, we need her willing, at least to start with, later she will just have to
take what we give her.� Amongst the male laughter I tried to comprehend what it
meant but soon delirium took over me again. Hands pulled my legs wide, the
thrusting fingers were joined by something else, that same sensation as the day
before, something wet and smooth now licked at the top of my hole, the little
nub at the front of my pink slit was being sucked and tickled, my hips bucked
upward, not once but over and over again, the feelings forced me, my body had a
will of its own, I couldn�t help it.

&nbsp;

The
sucking of my nipples caused them to swell, the feeling of tongues lapping at
them made them tingle, they were so sensitive, my whole body jumped and
convulsed to this relentless assault.

&nbsp;

I tried
to protest but mouths covered mine, tongues snaked between my own panting lips,
I could taste male saliva mixing with mine as the intruders lips sucked at my
tongue. 

&nbsp;

Fingers
and tongues mercilessly pulled and sucked at my hard thick nipples, the more my
breasts were squeezed the more my nipples seemed to respond and all the time a
mouth and fingers worked between my legs excited my inner body, my enter being
was lost in this new found emotion when�
with out warning my eyes opened wide to see Danvers prone across me, his
knees pushed between mine and something large and hard was pushing up in to me,
his meat thing was trying to get in to me, and I felt it succeeding. 

&nbsp;

I
groaned a weak no, but all he did was sneer in my face, �My fingers and tongue
have made you too wet to say no, I�m in and it won�t be the last time I seed
this tunnel, now take it, take it all.�

Suddenly
my body felt filled, what ever it was it felt huge as it rammed up in to me,
then it slid back, then up again, to my horror I felt a new sensation, over
powering all the other, my lower body shook as this huge length of meat
continued to drive itself deeper and deeper in me, touching every nerve end
until I screamed uncontrollable in to the ugly grinning face.� 

&nbsp;

He
started to move faster, pumping in and out, then he moved his knees outside of
mine drawing them up, allowing a hand to get between us. I felt fingers rubbing
furiously over the nub on my slit as his fat meat pummelled in to me and yet
still fingers pulled and rolled on my nipples. My body betrayed me as I bucked
and writhed under this relentless assault, my legs flailed under this huge man,
moans and groans filled my ears only for me to realize that it was my voice I
could hear. 

&nbsp;

I
shuddered once, something inside me almost made me pass out, it subsided but he
didn�t and no sooner had this happened then I felt my body jump again.

His
thrusting became faster and faster, like a continual hammer pounding me, to my
humiliation I couldn�t help it, it was exciting me until I felt the meat swell,
he groaned, a hot explosion of something wet filled my inners. He slowed and
stopped, but my head spun, I was breathing as though it was my last. Suddenly
he was gone and Rogers was in front of me, �Over on your hands and knees my
beauty, time for a little doggy rutting and I�m sure Mr Reith has a plan to
make use your pretty mouth.�

&nbsp;

In my
weakened state I was no match for such brutish strength, I soon found myself
flipped over; excited hands untied mine and a strong arm slid under me dragging
me up on my knees.

My head
swayed, staring at the mattress I tried to comprehend why hands should want to
fondle my buttocks; I squealed as a hand slapped my inner thighs, as I tried to
open my legs quickly my head looked up, Reith was knelt in front of me, his
meat pointing long and hard at my face.

&nbsp;

For a moment
I looked in to his grinning face before I felt his hand on the back of my head
and I knew what he was going to make me do, the times with my cousin and that
sailor had come back to haunt me. My head was dragged down and the foul bulbous
head jabbed in to my face. He had the thing clutched in his hand and slapped my
face with it, I tried to avoid this disgusting act when something hard started
to push in to my water hole again. Without warning it rammed in to me; the
shock made me cry out but the noise was quickly silenced as my mouth was
plugged full, Reith�s thick, hard meat jabbed at the back of my throat.

&nbsp;

I
couldn�t speak around this fat meat, I concentrated on taking quick gasp�s of
air to keep from fainting as both lengths started to pull out of me only to
shove in again, and to my horror the tingling sensation that had caused the
incredible spasm�s inside me not moments before stirred once again.

&nbsp;

As the
meat in my hole thrust deeper and faster new areas of my inside felt different,
the feeling were driving my to the edge of insanity; my mouth filled with
salvia, I tried to swallow it, sucking franticly at the fat flesh filling my
mouth and to my horror it only seemed to excite Reith, even in my delirium I
heard him say, �Great little cock sucker this one,� words that my cousins had
used to describe my Aunt rang in my head.�


&nbsp;

But
still I couldn�t stop this feeling inside, I heard myself moan as Roger�s thing
pulled out then as he rammed back up my hole, little grunting noise�s burst
past the meat. All the words that had confused my latter years rang in my ear
as the men commented on my hot cunt, their cocks fucking me, how I would be a
good fuck toy, how I could easily be taught how to take it all in my mouth and
swallow, how fucking me was going to be high on the agenda and a new fear ran
through my aching body as Rogers bellowed, �I felt her buttocks and her arse
hole will be nice and tight,� my body shook towards another uncontrolled spasm
as Danvers laughed, �Not after I�ve had a few hours up there.

&nbsp;

All the
questions in my head were unanswerable as Rogers grunted like a pig and more
hot fluid filled my inside and to my disgust I too shook with an over whelming
spasm, my hips jumped and pushed back forcing the hard end of the meat to touch
the very centre of my body. I thought I was going to pass out but the sudden
taste of a sticky juice filled my mouth followed by that foul salty taste of
more wet liquid only to familiar from my past male experiences made me choke
and swallow.

&nbsp;

As
Reith took it from my mouth and left me so I collapsed on the mattress, I would
have passed out were it not for a stinging slap on my bottom as Rogers pulled
his meat from me.

�Anyone
want some more,� I strained to see as Danvers bent and grabbed my arm, �No
enough for a start, we will get her back to Dorking who can teach her how to
clean herself out, don�t want her dieing at child birth like the last one,� I
must have looked a pitiful sight as I begged for an explanation but there was
no mercy.

&nbsp;

Danvers
dragged me to my knees, Reith busied himself picking up my clothes, Rogers saw
to the horse, I blinked up, tears filled my eyes but all I could see was this
repulsive man grinning down at me, his long thick meat still hung between his
legs, his huge hand grabbed my hair and shook me, �Okay little miss, I want to
be lady of the fucking manor, lick my cock clean, taste yourself while I
acquaint you with your new duties.�

&nbsp;

I had
no other option but to lick and suck the enormous meat thrust in my face, as my
mouth closed over it Danvers shock my head, �Now listen, we know your little
plan to become mistress of Highgate Hall and we don�t mind but when his nibs
finds out you ain�t the little innocent he believed you were and that you been
begging us to fuck you, you my dear will be out on your pretty little arse,
understand?� I tried to protest but with his meat in my mouth and the way he
was holding me I could barely shake my head.

&nbsp;

His
grin grew wider, �Oh yes it�s our word against yours, did you fight us, did you
hate it, oh no, and we will stick together, if he throws you out where else
have you to go?�

He
could see the defeated look on my face, �That�s right, there�s plenty like us
in this world just dieing to come across a little waif and stray like you out
all alone to keep working all day and fucking all night so you just carry on
doing your job and when the mood takes us we will take you, we did with the
last mistress and you are far prettier than her but no exception.�

&nbsp;

He
pulled his thing out, I went to speak but all he did was hold it and push it to
my lips, �See this It�s what your mouth is for, sucking not speaking, now lets
get you back to the house.�

&nbsp;

My torn
bloomers daggled from my legs as I was half dragged and half carried back to
the parlour, I looked at Dorking for help but all she did was laugh, �Had a
nice time deary, did the boys give you a good seeing to, had their fun did
they, they been dieing to get their hands on you and I will too sooner rather
than later,� she took my arm and dragged me towards the sink, �Hope you are as
good a cunt licker as the last one, mind you she needed a few disciplinary
lesson with the riding crop before she got the fine art of tonguing just right,
maybe you will as well,� she took a flexible tube and handed it to me. 

&nbsp;

�Stand
over that bucket and stick this end up your cunny,� with my three tormentors
still grinning at me I was in total bewilderment but I did as ordered, Mrs
Dorking poured something from a bottle in to the other end then held the end on
the fosit, I felt the water fill me before pouring back in to the bucket under
me, Reith laughed, �There, all you hard work flushed out, looks like we will
have to fill her again,� Rogers joined in, �And again and again,� they all
laughed at my misery. 

&nbsp;

Dorking
showed them the door, then returned to me, �You understand?� I slowly nodded,
�Late mistress was the same, they would fuck her every time the master went
out, we would have her on her bed as often as we liked, using her body for our
pleasure, it�s the same for you, so just do as your told, it�s a small price to
pay to be looked after for the rest of your life, but make sure you come to me,
every time they�ve had their fun I will clear you out, its only when the master
fucks you, you leave it in, and make sure he fucks you often, they will leave
you alone when your carrying his, they don�t want the same to happen to you as
did her,� she held my jaw, �And I can always sit on your face whether your with
child or without.�

&nbsp;

My mind
was in turmoil but worst of all my inside tingled again, I squirmed a little
and she laughed, �The cleaning lotion does funny things down there, trust me
deary you�ll begin to like it,� her laugh became a silly giggle, �You won�t
have a choice,� I wanted to scream at what they had made me do but all I could
do was bite my bottom lip as a familiar spasm made me squeeze my thighs
together.

&nbsp;

She
tugged her end of the tube and it slid from me, that increased the sensation
and I had to reach for a chair back to steady myself. A cough from the door
made us both look, it was Rogers, his face beaming behind his big beard, she
gripped my arm, �Better take her to her room, I�ll sort her clothes and bring
them to her later.�

&nbsp;

Still
naked Rogers dragged me up the stairs to my room, I hoped he would just open
the door and let me be, but this was not to be the day that anything I wished
happened, he grinned as he threw me on my bed, I watched in horror as his pink
tongue licked over his beard framed lips, �Got a little itch between those
pretty legs have we sweetheart, then let Rogers see to it for you, you can find
out first hand why the ladies like old Rogers beard.�

&nbsp;

I was
still weak and he knew it, he climbed on the bed, I tried to move but he
grabbed each of my ankles and pulled them wide apart, exposing me to his lust
crazed eyes.

He
dropped between my legs, his face pressed to my flesh, his eyes stared up in to
mine, I lay there helpless as he ran his beard covered chin over what I now
know they called my cunt.

&nbsp;

The
feeling jolted me, the smooth beard inflamed the lips of my cunt, the sensation
returned and I pitifully yielded to the inevitable, I knew I would spasm again
and Rogers would do what he liked to my now defenceless body.

&nbsp;

Rogers
made me spasm three times while he licked, sucked and rubbed his beard between
my thighs and over my dribbling cunt. He forced juice to run from me, using the
slippery liquid to inflame me more. I couldn�t help but listen to his muffled
laughter when I squeezed my thighs trapping his head on to my hole as my juice
spurted in to his face. I lay there an exhausted limp doll as he took his
clothes off. His lecherous grin grew wider, it mocked me from behind the wet
glistening beard as he got on top of me, kneed my legs apart and began fucking
me again, this time while his huge cock battered my sore inside he was
slobbering his juice covered mouth over mine before moving on to my hard long
nipples, its to my humiliation that my body forced me to let him do what he
wanted to me with out putting up any resistance.

&nbsp;

I lay
there as I heard him leave, his deranged laughter filling the house, a
disgusting male laugh of which I have heard many times since.

&nbsp;

Thus my
fate was sealed, in the early weeks I came to realize what depth human beings would
sink to in their quest for lust, much I have endured.

To
begin with I couldn�t face them that morning after; I could hear their laughter
as they recounted the things they had put me through. I hid from them, quickly
dressing and escaping to the garden, far from the house I sought solace in the
summer house, time to think was my plan, but again how wrong could I be.

&nbsp;

I had
not been there but twenty minutes when my retreat was invaded by our local
gardeners the Sugget brothers, they stood between me and the door grinning and
gloating at finding me alone.

�

Surely
they knew nothing of yesterday, so, in my best superior voice I challenged them
to leave, their grins grew to a snorting laugh as the older said, �I, we be
going after a while,� I stood and went to move past them but I didn�t get very
far.

&nbsp;

The
older one rasped in my ear, �You be going later too, after us have seen them
long nipples we heard so much about,� the younger one tugged at my arm, �And
after I done got a sniff at what you got between your legs, Rogers say�s it�s a
sight to behold and Dorking do say it taste like nutmeg and I like nutmeg,� I
struggled but knew it would be futile.

&nbsp;

I firm
slap across my face stunned me in to silence, I stood there a pitiful site
while these horrid men fondled my body as they laughed in my face while
removing all my clothes; all to soon I was naked, as were they.

&nbsp;

The
younger one had me pinned against the wall while kissing my face, neck and
nipples, the older one was on his knees between my legs licking like a mad dog
over and in to me, in fear of my safety I gave up any resistance and did all
that they told me.

&nbsp;

I
cursed the way my body reacted, how it became aroused though I did not want
this, the words of my father screamed in my head, never let a man touch you,
save your virginity until its your husband yet here I was naked, straddled
across a common workman as I bounced up and down as his cock rammed in to me
while the other man stood in front, making me tickle his sack while he was feeding
his long thick cock in to my mouth forcing me to suck its entire length or
tickle the head with my tongue, what was to become of me?

&nbsp;

After
they had both fucked me they played with my body for at least half of the hour,
making me kiss them or stand open legged as they licked and slavered at my cunt
before they suckled like babies on my long think nipples. When they tired of
that I was bent over and used for a second time, both of them fucking my cunt
from behind.

&nbsp;

Then
they humiliated me, I was nothing more than their plaything, the oldest took me
first fucking me from behind while I had to lick and kiss the younger ones
meat, he wouldn�t allow me to suck it no he wanted to take his brothers place
after he had finished.

When
they changed places the oldest kissed me making me kiss him back before making
me lick and suck his foul meat clean, then hard and then before I was allowed
to stand I again found myself with another mouthful of their foul juice.

&nbsp;

Then
his brother filled my cunt and followed his brothers act until both of them
stood over me grinning as I was forced to look up at them, open my mouth while
they watched their filthy juice as I slowly let it slide down my throat not
daring to spill a drop.

&nbsp;

I was
crying as I found myself wondering back to the parlour, collapsing on to the
floor explaining to Dorking what had happened and her laughing at my stupidity
as she prepared the mixture.

&nbsp;

She
cleaned me out then pushed me back to my room, I was surprised by her kindness
as she stripped me and lay me on the bed, but once again I was mistaken. She
knew what the mixture would do to me and I soon found her between my legs
licking me, arousing me, I tried, even though my body was convulsing to spasm
after spasm under her expert touch to think why she would want do this, then
she removed her clothes and straddled my head, I watched in horror as she
lowered her cunt on to my mouth and forced me to do the same to her unclean
hole while her fingers played with my slit. For an hour I ended up as nothing
more than her dutiful plaything forced to lick and push my tongue up her foul
tasting hole until she screamed obscenities at me as she spurt her juice in to
my open mouth. 

&nbsp;

It was
then I decided to run away. I sneaked out in the early hours and made off
across the field, I was mortified to find my way blocked by a wide river; I
would have to walk miles to find the bridge.

It
could only have been an hour when I heard the sound of hounds, a hunter�s horn
relayed to others that they had picked up my scent and soon I was running for
my life as the hounds closed in.

&nbsp;

To
their amusement they tied my hands together in front of me and pulled me behind
Danvers horse, like a tethered animal being led to the slaughter I was forced
to march behind, dogs yapping at my feet, men grinning from their horse, voices
recounting the various ways they wanted to fuck me as I was humiliated all the
way back until we entered the barn.

&nbsp;

Fear
clenched at my stomach as Danvers threw his crop to Todd, �Boy, show her the
error of her ways.�

&nbsp;

As the
men left Todd threw the rope over a beam and hauled me up on my toes, he tied
it off before walking around to me, grinning in to my tear covered face, he
sarcastically tapped my nose �Been a naughty girl have we, well we will soon
spank those thoughts out of you, and maybe I�ll have some respect from you
after I�ve finished and we all know how you must show respect,� my lips
trembled as his fingers dropped on to them, �That�s right, you understand, I�m
gona use this pretty little mouth of yours and you�re going to let me.� 

� 

He
moved behind me, I felt his fingers unbutton my skirt, it fell to my knees,
then my bloomers followed. I pleaded for mercy but he wasn�t listening he was
too interested in fondling my buttocks then sliding round, kneeling in front of
me and caressing my cunt as he slavered over it and in it with his tongue. 

&nbsp;

He
stood, laughing in my face as I begged him to release me while, all the time
unbuttoning my blouse then my bodice until my breast hung bare for his
pleasure; his mouth latched over my nipples his teeth bit and pulled on them
forcing squeals from my mouth while below his hand played between my legs his
fingers drove up inside me and all I could do was hang there and take it.

&nbsp;

He
pulled both my nipples hard, I thought they would rip away from my body, I
squealed I had never felt such pain and what scared me the most was that as he
twisted them he was grinning, he was getting aroused by my pain.

&nbsp;

I made
a pathetic plea for mercy which only seemed to in flame him more, I closed my
eyes, blotting out his evil grin, only for him to squeeze the swollen hard buds
even harder until I once again stared in to that loathsome face.

&nbsp;

But
before I could blink away the tears he had gone, he was behind me; a stinging
slap on my bottom echoed around the barn which made me only to aware of what my
punishment was going to be.

His
voice, cold and menacing filled the barn, �Never did find out if you could
dance or not, did we? How�s about we start with a jig.�

&nbsp;

The
ssswwwwtttt noise was instant, the pain unimaginable as my body shot forward
only to swing back for the second, then third. All the, oh god please stop in
the world didn�t even slow his rhythm down as my buttocks burnt at the mercy of
the flailing crop.

Then he
moved lower just under my bottom to that curve to my thighs picking out
unmarked skin to rain blow after blow down on my defenceless body, I lifted one
leg then the other as he ordered me to dance, all the time I could hear him
grunting with pleasure as he inflicted more incomprehensible pain. 

&nbsp;

My head
hung as he walked back in front of me, his body wet with sweat, his face
flushed with excitement. I jerked my head up as his fingers pulled at the
tender flesh of my cunt, �Want me to sting this?�

&nbsp;

I shook
my head but knew he would do what he wanted, he grinned, �Well we will have to
think of something else for me to do then, you want to play with me or shall I
play with you and you know I play rough?�

With
all the strength I could muster I said, �I will do anything you want if you
stop.�

He
grinned as he held my jaw, �You will do what ever I want whether I stop or not,
it�s just this way you will give me respect sooner.�

&nbsp;

He
lowered me to the ground; laughing at me he strolled over to a stall and lent
against it, �I�m waiting, its time to play suck the cock little cunt mouth.� I
did not want to give him any cause to tie me up again, so much pain but still I
moved towards him; kneeling at his feet I took his belt off and undid his
breech�s, then put my hand in his under garment pulled out his fat swollen cock
and began to caress its length with my tongue.

&nbsp;

He
waited until my mouth covered the end then he shoved at least six inches of his
fat meat in to me, I tried not to gag as he thrust at me, his voice bellowed
from above, �That�s it suck my cock, you little cunt, that what you are and
that�s what I want, come on lets feel some tongue,� I tried hard to do
everything, sucking it, running my tongue around the end, even in to the folds
of skin but even that didn�t stop him ramming it at the back of my throat.

&nbsp;

�Open
your throat, I want it all in or I�ll beat you until you do,� I panicked as I
tried to breath through my nose all the time swallowing his cock, I knew I had
to or he�d beat me until I did. Moving my head and kneeling I managed to get my
back arched and throwing my head back, his cock slid in to my throat, breathing
through my nose I rocked back and forth, I knew I was doing something right as
I heard him moaning and grunting with pleasure.

&nbsp;

As I
hoped he was so aroused from beating me that it took but a short while and the
first of the taste came in to my mouth, I felt the meat swell so I took a deep
breath and began swallowing, soon I was franticly swallowing his filth, I dare
not waste any for fear of reprisal.

&nbsp;

He
grinned down at me as I knelt like some sort of subservient dog at his feet,
�Let�s play some more, take the rest of your clothes off, let�s have you naked
so you can show me your cunt.�

Totally
naked I lay on that mattress, legs open, my fingers holding my cunt lips wide
as he stood above stroking his hardening meat, �Think I�ll fuck me some of
that, tell me who�s fucked that before?� I told him of Rogers, Danvers and the
Sugget brothers, he asked, �Turn over do the same with your red arse.�

&nbsp;

I
didn�t move I couldn�t understand, he bellowed, �Turn over and show me your red
arse before it becomes blood red.�

&nbsp;

Slowly
I turned, brought my knees up and pulled my bottom hole open, �And who�s fucked
that cute hole,� I whimpered no one, he roared with laughter, �That�s not like
Mr Reith, not like him to miss out on a nice cute virgin arse hole, well, well
time to get one over on him, put your fingers in your mouth then stuff them up
your arse, better make it nice a wet, unless you want more pain.�

&nbsp;

Feared
of this man, I did as I was told surely nothing could be as painful as his
whipping, oh how I soon found out how wrong I could be.

After I
had degraded myself by wetting my fingers several times and ramming them in my
bottom he knelt behind me, I felt his cock end pushing at the entrance, he
pushed but stopped, a stinging slap on my raw buttocks followed by the command,
�Relax your fucking arse,� made me stop fighting. His hands came around under
me and gripped my swinging breasts, then he did it, he drove in with all his
strength at the same time pulling hard on my breast�s, his huge cock sank in to
my bottom, I have screamed in my life but never like that.

&nbsp;

As he
rammed harder and harder in to my bottom, he forced sobs out of me, it could not
have been worse if he had used a hot poker but all he did was laugh, an evil
sadistic laugh as he yelled at me, �That�s it little miss perfect, scream while
I fuck your arse, the last one did until she got used to it, but like you she
had no choice so scream all you want I�ll be fucking your arse for many years
to come, now take it.�

&nbsp;

With
out mercy he fucked my bottom, it seemed to take him so long, he pulled at my
nipples as he shoved in to me until in the end he had my bottom high in the air
while my face rammed down in to the dirt, he giggled like a crazed animal as he
pummelled his filthy juice deep in to my bowels, when he�d finished with me I
just lay there crying, he sat by the stall and gloated over me. 

��� 

I
staggered up, I wanted to be away, to get to my room, but he grinned and said,
�Where do you think your going, my cock needs to be cleaned,� I looked around
for cloth and water but he grabbed my arm and pushed me to my knees, shaking my
hair until I thought he would drag it out by the roots he rammed the filthy
thing back in my mouth forcing me to suck it clean. The taste was foul as I
worked over it, I knew in my soul that it would get hard and I�d be sucking it
for as long as it took for me to be again swallowing what had surly become my staple
diet, more male juice. It took me another quarter of the hour to empty him once
more in to my mouth but at least when I was done he left me.

&nbsp;

I made
it back, Dorking had been to told to see to my pain, she washed me and creamed
my sore marked skin and let me sleep, it was a disturbed night of horrid dreams
but I slept.

&nbsp;

Day
after day all that week and last it has been the same, I have come to realise
there is no escape, I am know what I am, what one of my many assailants once
called me, nothing more than fuck meat.

&nbsp;

The
humiliation is the worst thing. I sit there in the office as I pay their wages
like I am the boss, only to find myself on my knees sucking their cocks and
playing with their balls, or bent over the desk while I get my cunt or arse
pounded from behind and while they wait their turn at me they count their
money.

&nbsp;

I hope
that as the days go by they may get tired of me, but at the moment I am being
fucked three or four times a day sometimes by up to three at once and of course
there�s Mrs Dorking to lick out. I have been threatened with many obscene
things which I hope will never happen, I can�t imagine how you could get one of
those horse cocks in your mouth and, oh god just a moment I think I hear
footsteps and the sound of keys, its not that time already, oh no the doors
opening.

&nbsp;

�Mr
Danvers, Mr Rogers I didn�t realise the time.�

�I can
fucking see that girl, get your clothes off.�

�Yes,
come on cunt lets have you naked, my cocks fit to burst.�

�Come
off it Rogers your cock always fit to burst when it comes to fucking Brown.�

��That�s because she knows what I like, don�t
you Brown?�

�Yes
sir.�

�And
what�s that, come on girl get those bloomers off lets see your cunt.�

�Sorry
sir, yes sir, he likes me to suck his cock all the way down my throat while I
tickle his sack, I do that until he fills my mouth, then I must keeps
swallowing and sucking until he�s hard again then he has me bend over while he
fucks my arse a dozen times then my cunt the same and he keeps at me until he
comes again, then I make sure his cock is nice and clean with my mouth, sir.�

�That�s
right my girl and the other day I pissed in her mouth, made her keep it there
while I had some fun with her nipples.�

�You be
careful not to mark her I had to have a word with Todd the other day, found her
tied up in the stable, arms behind her and up to a beam. He had weights hanging
on her nipples while she was forced to suck him off three times on the trot and
that was with out stopping.�

�Well
she shouldn�t have such fabulous nipples, I love fucking off between her big
breast�s while she licks the head, it�s fabulous, in fact she has got fabulous
everything, can�t keep my cock still when I�m near her.�

�Hear
that Brown, Rogers just paid you a complement.�

�Yes
sir, thank you sir.�

�There
you go Roger�s the girl thanks you, right how you gona have her, I want some
mouth first.�

�I
think I want her mouth on mine too, she can suck us both, then when she�s
swallowed both, she will get us hard again before we can take what we like
after that, is that a deal.�

�You
heard him girl, on your knees and get to work, and look at us while you suck.�

�Yes
sir.�

�mmm
mouth like velvet and a throat to match, don�t you just love it when your cock
sinks all the way in?�

�I
agree Mr Roger�s she has learnt well. You�re a good face fuck Brown, in fact
you�re a good fuck and that�s how you will stay, the house is perfect, Mr
Highgate will be proud of you, you have done exactly as he instructed and even
as lady of the manor you will still be keeping the servants busy for many years
to cum.�

&nbsp;



��������������������������������������������������
Pagan Story



&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





