BDSM Library - Endless Bondage, Endless Freedom




Endless Bondage, Endless Freedom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two sadistic woman obduct a young male and he awakes helplessly strapped down, cluless to what happend. As the sadists torture him they realise that the young male they obducted oddly becomes arroused, the sadists then find out that the very person they obducted is a masochist. after finding this out it makes for a truly intresting experience.







Endless Bondage, Endless Freedom

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-03-29T20:29:00Z
  2006-03-29T20:29:00Z
  1
  3246
  18505
   
  154
  43
  21708
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Endless
Bondage, Endless Freedom

A
Story By Algolagnia

&nbsp;

PART ONE - UNUSUAL AWAKENING

&nbsp;

����������� I woke up held under an
overload of heavy duty locking leather restraints, naturally I tried to
struggle on the bondage table I helplessly laid on. It didnt matter how I ended
up in such a situation, I was completely immobilizedand and had to face that. I
tried to move, but could'nt gain an inch. I could'nt even wiggle my fingers
because I had tight bondage mitts over my hands and up to my wrist. Furtherly
handicapped, a second pair of bondage mitts slid over the previous pair but
proceded all the way up to my elbow. The mitts were also custom made to
literally fuse to the table ensuring an impossible escape. My neck had been
placed in a cervical collar which assisted a head immobiliser keeping my body
as still as a corpse. An almost ridiculous number of leather restraints spanned
across my body tightly, each hand had two locking leather straps right at the
wrist. My legs were fused wide appart to allow easy access to my genitals. My
helpless hands were also wide appart in a similar fashion, Later I realised
this was to keep me from possibly stopping CBT and other forms of sadistic
abusement.

����������� My eyes scrolled across
the room observing the surroundings. I tried to seek anything that would give
me an idea as to what was happening. Thoughts began running through my head as
to what it could possibly be. Just then I was startled by the sound of young
womans voice. &quot;I see your awake now.&quot; She said while walking towards
the table, I could hear her footsteps get louder as she got closer towards me.
It was that distingt sound of high heels walking allong a hard surface. She
made her way to the table quickly, and there she was with her beautiful face
looking down at me. She looked like a twenty-one year old model, her face was
so attractive I couldnt help but to deeply examine it. Absolutly nothing was
out of perportion, she looked like an angel. &quot;Dont ever make eye contact
with me kyle.&quot; I felt a chill run through me as she spoke my name. I
wanted to ask her how she knew it, there were many questions I wished to ask
actually. Just as my mouth opened to ask her my questions, the lecture
continued. &quot;Your also not to talk at all, shall I allow you to talk, then
you must end the sentence with &quot;Yes your mistress&quot; got it&quot;
Mistakingly I only said &quot;Yes&quot; I then found myself gasping for air as
her fist landed in my genitals. &quot;I beliefe you ment, Yes your mistress,
Didnt you.&quot; Still short-breathed from a hit to the balls, I faintly
answered &quot;Yes your mistress&quot;

����������� The room held a cold
chill like it were an unfinished basement, the chill ran across my entire body
as I layed completly naked. The only wormth in the room layed beneath me, my
own heat had wormed up the padded table making it obvious that I had been
laying there for quite some time. Although I had not been awake too long, I
could easily tell that this woman was extremely sadistic. I was confused to the
situation, coincidently being a masochist I wasnt sure whether I wanted this or
not. I thought to myself and realised that this was not some kind of BDSM play
with a sadistic girlfriend, It was a real life kidnapping with some person I
didnt even know. I then knew that excepting the situation was a stupid idea for
any masochist, but excepting or not was'nt an available option as I realised I
could not escape inescapible bondage. I was completly scarred, constantly
unsure of what mistress would do at any minute. Although frightened, my masochistic
nature began to show as the padded restraints confined me and this beautiful
girl had control of my life. My dick grew harder, rising higher. I could only
hope mistress didnt notice, I knew if she saw it would make for some difficult
conversation.

����������� I realized that this
sadistic woman really had the perfect dungeon, everything was thought of to the
last small detail. I noticed this when she climbed upon the bondage table and
grabbed hold of a strong horizontal bar, purposely mounted from the ceiling to
maintain her balance as she pressed the bottom of her high heel shoe into the
genitals or face of her victim, and thats just what she did. She pressed the
bottom of her high heel shoe right into my face &quot;Lick it like you love it,
I want to see you take big long strokes with your tongue.&quot; She commanded.
I couldnt believe that a beautiful woman was actually dominating me in such a
way, she was gorgeous but I still didnt want to lick her shoe as I thought that
was discusting. Being a sadistic person, she didnt like to feel as if she had
no control over me. &quot;You really think you have a choice you helpless
shit.&quot; I thought about what she said, I knew I was bound and could not
escape; however that didnt mean that I couldnt refuse to do things. I then
explained to her what I thought, &quot;Well I mean im helpless but I can still
deny things cant I your mistress.&quot; She then gave me a discusting look and
yelled at me. &quot;Fuck you, dont you ever disrespect me.&quot; Still standing
upon the table she grabbed the bar with her one hand and swong her foot as hard
as she could into my genitals. The strong kick left me breathless and moaning,
but to her I still didnt know what pain really was.

����������� Her
feet remained standing upon the middle of the table, she placed the tip of her
one high heel shoe directly on my genitals applying what seemed like all her
weight. She dug her shoe into my genitals hard and rocked her foot like she
were putting out a cigarette, trying to ensure she was causing as much pain
possible. She constantly looked into my eyes to watch the expressions of pain
displayed on my face. It seemed like she crushed my nuts much too long, I wasnt
sure if they would ever heal. Eventually her foot released and she straddled
me, her one knee pushed into my nuts and the other knee rested on the other
side of my leg. Her head stared directly at me as she pulled vynal gloves over
her soft hands infront of my face, &quot;You know the real torture is about to
start, and theres nothing you can do.&quot; I was scarred at what she said, however
I knew it was true. She then held her gloved hand over my mouth and pinched my
nose with the other hand so I couldnt breathe. I tried as hard as I could to
shake my head in order to shift her hands away from me, but it was of no use. I
continued to panic and only made it worse, I began to feel fainty and knew I
would passout any second. The glove she wore created a perfect suction when I
attempted to breathe in, suction only increased the harder I tried to gasp for
air. I then fainted and woke up somtime later, Mistress was still strattling
me. &quot;Are you ready to lick my shoes now.&quot; She said dominantly. I knew
I didnt have a choice, I could only say one thing. &quot; Yes I am your
mistress.&quot; She then looked proud for prooving she's not to be messed with.
&quot;Yeah I thought so.&quot; She said as she spit in my face and stood up
once again.

&nbsp;

����������� In a
familiar way, I found my self lying with her shoe pressed up against my face
once again. &quot;Do I need to tell you what to do Kyle.&quot; Already knowing
all too well how risky it is to disrespect her, I Begain doing exactly what she
wanted. I must have licked the bottom of her shoe for about twelve minutes,
only to have her foot pull away and be replaced by the other. &quot;Now this
shoe Kyle.&quot; She spoke dominantly. I repeated the same thing once again for
around the same time. Finally It was over, or so it seemed as she removed her
foot. I then realised that she only removed her feet to take her shoes off. She
strongly grabbed the heel of her one shoe and began swinging it through the
air, slapping my genitals with the underneath of the shoe
for minutes. I expected to pass out from the overwhelming pain but somehow
didnt. My screams were at an all time peak, The woman I only knew as mistress
told me I was in her fully soundproof basement and that there was no reason for
screaming because it would be of no use. She continued to swat my genitals with
the underneith of her shoe for minutes, I eventually passed out like I had
expected. When I woke up, pain was shooting up my entire body from my aking nuts.
Ignoring my discomfort, mistress held her foot directly infront of my face. I
knew what she expected me to do and that I'd be tortured once again if I didnt
start, I then licked her feet for about fifteen minutes. Eventually her foot
pulled away from my mouth and I was able to stop.� &quot;You see, I can hurt and dominate you as
long as I want, and I will continue to make you do these discusting things to
dehumanise you.&quot; She said. I knew mistress was seroius and what she had
said was true, whats more degrading then being brought down to a level of shoe
licking ?

����������� Mistress created the
most excruciating pain by sliding a needle through the end of my dick, joining
the two slits together. Instantly I tensed up, screaming as loud as I could. My
body pulled so hard against the restraints it left indents where the straps
confined me. Mistress looked down at me with an angry face, I didnt realise
that I hurt her ears screaming and wondered why she was so upset all of the
sudden. She let her easily heightened anger out by squeezing my genitals with
her gloved hand, grabbing unbaribly hard. Tears flowed down my face as her
nearly vicegrip hands stayed locked in place. &quot;Maby next time you'll think
twice about screaming, you hurt my ears you know.&quot; Right then she grabbed
the heal of her shoe again, raising it above my genitals. Instantly I knew what
she was about to do, It was inpossible to forget the same horrible torture
hours ago. frightened, I was actually detrumined to talk her out of it. I
explained that I would do anything if she just didnt do that again. Mistress
looked at me like I was completly pathetic. &quot;I can already make you do
anything whether your willing to or not, and nothing will change that.&quot;
Hearing her sadistic voice and knowning such a beautiful girl was in complete
control led me to become arroused once again. Although I had been arroused many
times by now, mistress finally noticed and demanded I tell her whats going on.
I was scared to tell her and paused in my speech, Mistress demanded once again
and I had no choice; I knew she would continue to torture me untill I told her
anyways. The words slowly and quietly left my mouth &quot;Im actually a
masochist your mistress...&quot; Before I could even finish my sentence
Mistress held still in complete amazement, her shoe she still held slowly
dropped down allong with her hands back to her side as she lost herself in deep
thought. After an awkward silence Mistress began talking. &quot;You know it all
makes sence now. At first I just thought you were attracted to me, but the more
I punished you, I could see you only became more arroused. Well you have left
me in a wierd situation now you know.&quot; Mistress then lifted her heel to me
genitals once again, &quot;Its time to say good night kyle.&quot; she said.
Right then she swong her shoe through the air with amazing precision, the
underneith of her high heel shoe smacked directly on my balls as hard as a
kick. Instaltly I passed out, I then layed unconcious for several minutes.

����������� I would have been
rolling in pain if the restraints had not kept me completly immobilized, the
pain I woke up in was too much and I could only lay there and moan. My moaning
was interrupted by mistress,� &quot;I bet
you didnt think a woman could produce such pain did you Kyle.&quot; She was
right, I never thought a woman could cause such pain. Mistress continued on
talking without giving me a chance to reply anyways. &quot;You know kyle; I
usually torture my victims twelve hours on, twelve hours off. While Im not here
my friend Heather replaces me, as I do the same for her. However because of
this wierd situation you left me, I decided to bring Heather in early.&quot;
Right then an unfarmiliar body leaned over the table looking down at me, I was
staring into the eyes of yet another beautiful woman. Right then she spit in my
face, &quot;your not to ever look towards me you got it.&quot; Instantly my
eyes left sight of her face, &quot;Yes Heather.&quot; I said, knowing this was
obiously the friend of mistress. Heather then climbed upon the table and
strattled me, Her knees fell to each side of my body and her head looked down
on me. She then gave me the most frightening speech, but all I could do was
listen and except what she said.

����������� &quot;I
dont think you realise how bad of a situation you are in kyle, Its not just a
matter of confinement and torture. Honestly for how bad Katie has been hurting
you, Do you really think her and I have Intentions of keeping you alive.&quot;
Instantly I knew what she ment and struggled like never before, shaking as hard
as I could but did'nt gain more then half an inch. Heather began laughing at
me, &quot;Your not going to escape Kyle, Katie and I have been tying down guys
our hole lives. You see Katie and I are both very sadistic, but a masochist is
hard to find so we kidnap men and torture them. Although that gives us sombody
to torture, one problem still remains. The person is then a victim for what
theyve gone through. Katie and I are then forced to kill and dispose of the
body, All because no body would understand how us sadists really need some body
to hurt in order to keep ourselves happy. No body understands us but
machochists, No body understands us... but you.&quot; I wasnt sure what to
think as Heather said this, In a sence I felt that she respected me more
because I understanded the nature of sadism. After a brief pause, Heather
continued on talking. &quot;Your a lucky person Kyle, Katie and I both feel
that maby, just maby we can keep you alive.&quot; As she said that my nerves
calmed down, yet still shook. &quot;Heres the deal Kyle, If you can proove your
a massochist then we can probubly keep you alive and release you. The reason we
can do this is because if your really a masochist, then you will remember this
as a pleasurable experience and not a kidnapping. That would proove that you
have no desires of telling authority. You have to do two things to proove to us
that you are a masochist. The first thing that will happen is you will be
tortured by katie and I for one and a half hours, During that entire time you
will be completly blindfolded to ensure it's the pain arrousing you, not the
sight of two beautiful girls. Your second chance to proove your a masochist
will be to tell us in only five words what you thought of the torture. Once
prooved weather a Massochist or not, either way you will be put to sleep where
Katie and I will make the final decision. If we decide to keep you, you will
wake up and continue to join us for sometime. If we decide to get rid of you,
asleep you will stay for an eternity.

&nbsp;

����������� I felt
the straps release from the head immobaliser, then my cervical collar as well.
naturally I assumed I was being moved to a diffrent restraint, then I
remembered that they were going to blindfold me and obviously needed to get
under my head. After releasing the head immobiliser and cervical collar,
Heather instantly installed a heavy duty gag which contained many straps making
it impossible to shake off. Rather then using a blindfold, Heather placed a
thick leather sensory deprivation hood on over my head and pulled the straps
tightly. The hood straps were lockable and she took advantage of that, locking
every single one of them. The hood covered my entire head and proceeded part
way down my neck ensuring that no light could get through, It contained one
hole at the bottom of the nostrails to allow me to breathe. My head was then
placed into the cervical collar and strapped tight, my forhead was violently
pushed down and strapped into the head immobiliser which was tight yet
comfortible. I was then completly immobilized once again and ready to be
tortured, Heather and Katie then began there one and a half hours of what they
called fun.

&nbsp;

����������� As the
torture began it was impossible to ignore the feeling of needles being forced
throught the end of my dick. At the exact same time, the bottom of my feet were
flogged as hard as a girl could swing. I yelled benith the gag and hood, but
could only let out what seemed like a whisper from a short distence. Every so
often my nose was plugged, I suffocated as it was my only means of breathing.
One of the girls hands seemed to examinate me as they worked there way down my body,
the vynal gloves they wore gave the most erotic sensation to what ever they
touched. The sensation made its way down to my cock where it stopped and turned
into pain as plastic clothespinns were placed all over my genitals. Constantly
feeling more pins clipped on, I could tell that she was clamping on as many
pins as my nuts could fit. The clothespins stayed clipped on for nearly the
entire time, only released when other forms of cbt replaced them. The girls
made it more painfull by occasionally releasing the pins and letting them snap
back on to the exact same spot as before. A few times they ripped pins of my
genitals without even opening it properly, they then placed it back on the same
spot once again. One of the girls flogged my chest to and beyond the point of
visible cuts. Both girls wanted my to suffer more, no matter what they did they
never felt completly satisfied. &quot;I think Its time for needles again.&quot;
Katie said. Right then she grabbed needles and began pressing them into my toes
deeply. By this time I was crying uncontrolibly. &quot;Ohh you sure seem to be
suffering now, I could only wonder if you could possibly suffer more, ohh yes,
infact you could, and I know just how too.&quot; Heather said. Knowing that I
could only breath through my nose, She secured her dirty sock over the
breathing hole in my hood, I was then forced to breath in the smell of her
dirty sock with ever breath I took. Since I only had a small breathing hole to
begin with, breathing became slightly hard too, but It kept me arroused volentarily
or not for the lack of air was somewhat like whats known as autoerotic
asphyxiation. But how could I complain, if they didnt realise autoerotic
asphyxiation was helping me stay errect, It was keeping me alive anyways.

&nbsp;

����������� Sensory Deprivation played a big
impact upon total confusion, having such limited sences caused me to panic only
increasingly as time went by. It was only natural that I panicked, but the
girls didnt care. Everytime I struggled the girls induced more pain, but I was
becoming so exausted that they could hardly tell I was struggling anyways. The
girls then began needle torture at the same time, the horrific pain shot
through my toes and head of my dick all at once. Heather began stitching the
slit at the end of my dick together, &quot;I just dont want you to be able to
cum Kyle, you have been errect this whole time and your not to be
pleasured.&quot; Heather said as she caused perhaps the most unbarible pain in
my life. I knew she just using that as an excuse to hurt me so badly, there was
no way I could cum and Heather knew that. The intense pain caused me to breath
more rapidly, forcing me to breathe in the smell of her socks nearly twice as
often with no means of stopping it. As katie tortured me, Heather yelled at me
to take a good whiff. &quot;Smell it kyle, breathe in deeply, I
want to hear you suck it in.&quot; The pain already had me breathing rapidly, I
didnt know how she expected me to breathe faster. I sucked in deeply just once
so Heather would leave me alone. &quot;Deeper Kyle, Suck it in hard.&quot; Heather
taunted me, forcing me to breathe in her socks deeply for nearly twenty
minutes. Although time
passed unusually odd with such effective sensory deprivation, I knew the
torture spree had to be near an end.

&nbsp;

����������� Eventually one and a half hours
passed by and the torture stopped just as they said. I felt straps release and
could finally move my head the slightest bit, Finally the sock was pulled away
from my nose and my head was lifted up to remove the sencory deprivation hood.
Still gagged and unable to talk, I faced the two girls. &quot;Did
you like the smell of my socks Kyle.&quot; Both girls giggled after Heather
asked me that, they thought it was funny how completly dehumanised I was. I
could only let out a distorted reply to what Heather asked, the girls laughed even
harder when I tried to talk but couldnt even speak clearly. &quot;You really
are a helpless shit, you know that.&quot; Katie said as she spit in my face.
Heather then released the gag and Katie assisted her placing my head back into
the cervical as well as the head immobalizer once again.� &quot;Well Kyle you seemed to have done well.
You managed to stay fully errect the entire time.&quot; Heather said as she
looked disappointed. &quot;Theres just one thing left Kyle, you must now tell
us in only five words what you thought of this experience to convince us your a
masochist.&quot; Although utterly exhausted, I managed to construct a well said
sentence with the little breath I had. &quot;I have never felt so free&quot; I
said, Right then both girls looked at each other and smiled. A hissing mask was
then placed over my face, covering the mouth and nose firmly. Both girls held
the mask in place as they leaned over the table looking down on me proud of
their success in complete domination. I tried to shake my head to shif the mask
away from me but the cervical collar and head immobalizer made it impossible, I
held my breath trying to avoid the gas from entering me, both girls noticed and
laughed at me .&quot;You cant hold your breath forever Kyle, Go on just take a
deep breath.&quot; I had no choice, just as I had been breathing in her smely
socks I was forced to take in the constant flow of sleeping gas. I could see
the girls were excited as I watched them through an increasing daze, I became
dreamy and wondered to myself if this would be the last time I ever slept.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

END OF PART ONE

&nbsp;

THANKS FOR READING...







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Algolagnia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





