BDSM Library - Amanda, the pig catcher




Amanda, the pig catcher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda and her friend Christina catch Justin and turn him into a pig in the most brutal manner imaginable. And that\'s just the beginning...







WARNING: This story is for adults only

 
  Normal
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-03-15T15:25:00Z
  2006-03-15T15:25:00Z
  1
  23198
  132231
   
  1101
  310
  155119
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








WARNING: This story is for adults only. If you are a
minor, go elsewhere now.
This is an extreme story, involving S&amp;M, bestiality and snuff. So if you
don�t like these subject, go elsewhere.

Amanda, the pig catcher
Ideas and plot by The Duchess of Hell, words by 2NN

Amanda watched the pathetic, little creep moving about, no clue as to what she
had planned for him. Had Justin, the object of her contempt, been even remotely
aware of what she had planned for him, he would have pissed his pant before
fleeing, screaming for his Mommy.

At 5�2� Amanda wasn�t exactly imposing, yet there was a definite air of
authority about her. She had blondish brown, slightly wavy hair and a beautiful
well rounded face, a petite nose and green eyes that seemed to sparkle with impish
delight. A slender athletic body, breasts neither too small nor too large, and
legs that clearly spoke of many hours playing soccer, Amanda turned heads
everywhere. She was aware that a pretty blond girl was checking her out shyly
and marked the little lesbian out for closer inspection some other time. Who
knew, she might be good for business.
It wasn�t only Amanda that the pretty blonde was checking out, but also the
girl standing next to her, her attention also focused on the soon to be very
sorry Justin. Christina was in some ways a polar opposite of Amanda. She was
four inches taller than Amanda was and so brown-haired that it would have
appeared black, had it not been colored jet-black. With a light complexion and
dark eyes, she had a definite Goth-look about and her make-up only reinforced
this natural Goth-chick look. Her body, while not as athletic as Amanda�s, was
nevertheless slender and very attractive with large, full breasts.

And the pretty blond girl wasn�t the only one checking out the two girls. Most
of the males walking by, teachers as well as students, had trouble speaking
when they looked at them, presumably from lack of blood to the brain. The
reason for this was not only that they were very good-looking. Amanda and
Christina had dressed especially for this occasion, for getting Justin trapped
in their net. They had dressed as completely perverted little schoolgirls, with
ultra-short, reddish plaid skirts, their panties showing if they bent over even
slightly. Both wore white socks going all the way up to their knees and had
clunky, black shoes on their feet. While Amanda wore a white net-blouse
accentuating her lithe and athletic body, effectively see-through so that her
black bra was clearly visible and furthermore exposing her flat belly,
Christina wore a white shirt, tied off just below her breasts and thus pushing
them up nicely while exposing her midriff at the same time. As was the case
with Amanda, Christina�s black bra was also clearly visible.
The schoolgirl-look fooled no one; here were two very sexy chicks, clear
looking for trouble, whichever shape it might come in. Already their schoolgirl
outfits had so very nearly ruined their first class, as Professor Atherton, the
forty-something woman holding the lecture, had been not only distracted by
their look, stammering and fumbling while she incessantly cast them ill-hidden
peeks, but had also been visibly aroused, her nipples pressing so hard against
her blue shirt that even the ones sitting at the back of the classroom could hardly
miss them. A wicked little glance passed between the girls as they noted
Professor Atherton for future attention.

For now, however, their attention was focused on Justin, although he hadn�t
found out yet. Oblivious to Amanda and Christina bearing down on him, he
fumbled with his bag. Amanda thought that he really wasn�t a bad-looking guy at
5� 8� with brown hair and green eyes and a slender body. If only he hadn�t been
such an utter jerk, a pathetic, little looser.
When he finally noticed them they were standing less than three feet away from
him. For Justin everything stopped as the two sexy bitches pressed their
advantage without even trying to. He was unable to even come up with a reply to
their sweetly delivered chorus of �Hi Justin� and had to settle for a stupid
mumble that was supposed to sound like �hello�.
Justin had had a crush on Amanda for ages, but he was much too shy to approach
her. Besides, she had never seemed to notice him before. Now she stood less
than an arms length away from him, smiling sweetly at him and looking at him in
such a way that his pants instantly became much, much too small. He was aware
that her sexy friend Christina was also there and that she was dressed just as
eye-poppingly sexily as Amanda, but for him Amanda was the main attraction. He
noticed that she looked down at his crotch and noticed his boner and he began
to blush. Her eyes lingered briefly on his erection trying in vain to fight its
way out of his trousers, before looking up and pinning him with her green eyes.
Her smile was still sweet, but hardly innocent as she put her hands on his arm
and spoke: �Justin,� she said in low, husky voice, �I�m having a party in a
couple of weeks and I�d just love it if you could come.� She handed him a small
envelope and continued: �I really hope you�ll be there.� Her message delivered,
she let her hands wander idly down his chest, over his belly until it reached
his stiff cock. With her index finger she traced tiny circles on its tip while
she looked him straight in the eye, not caring one bit that everyone else
around was staring at this openly sexual display. Her finger kept doing tiny
circles on his by now throbbing cock for another thirty seconds, during which
Justin was unable to even breathe. Then suddenly she withdrew her hand, turned
around and left. Her perfect, tight ass swayed seductively as she walked away,
her legs exposed to her infinite advantage. When she was about ten steps away,
she looked back over her shoulder and blew him a kiss. Then she and Christina disappeared
around a corner and Justin was able to breathe again.

He was dimly aware that one of his friends was slapping his shoulder,
congratulating him on his little encounter with the two super-sexy schoolgirls.
As he stood clutching the envelope containing the invitation, two things were
clear to him. One: Nothing was going to stand in the way of him attending
Amanda�s party and two: he had to get off right now. He had never in his entire
life been so aroused. Stammering something to his mate, he walked rather
quickly towards the toilets where he masturbated frantically to the image of
Amanda in her see-through net blouse and it was only afterwards that he felt
the burning shame of having a libido that was so out of control.

Meanwhile Amanda and Christina were laughing their heads off. Not only at the
creep�s paralyzed appearance when they had handed him the envelope, but also at
his hasty retreat to the toilets. After turning the corner they had waited for
ten seconds and then popped their heads back around it, seeing Justin�s back
moving quickly towards the toilets and emerging only five minutes later,
looking both very guilty and much more relaxed.

When they had finished laughing, they went off to their next class, still
snickering. In the hallway they passed the pretty little blonde who had been so
taken with them. Once again she could hardly take her eyes off them. Amanda
noticed her but she was focused on Justin and so was more inclined to just get
going. Christina, however, was always looking for fresh opportunities and
looked at Amanda and asked: �Got any more invitations?� Realizing the potential
of the little blonde, Amanda chuckled a little as she found another envelope:
�Always looking for fresh meat, eh?� To this Christina smiled broadly and turned
around. She caught up with the girl in the empty hallway and in a matter of
seconds she had invited her and left her just as confused and just as aroused
as Justin had been. When they last saw her, she was pressing her invitation to
her chest, thus exposing a pair of very erect nipples pressing against her
T-shirt as she gazed after Christina with a hopelessly infatuated look. With a
knowing little smile Amanda heard how Christina had let her hand trace down
over the girls shoulder to her breast, briefly cupping one tit before she left
her.

Amanda and Christina were not your average sexually provocative college
students. No, the girls had found a way to finance their studies while at the
same time catering to their special sexual appetites. As both girls were
fiercely dominant, selling slaves was a perfect job for them. Training and
torturing the poor slaves was of course the best part, but capturing them was
also great fun and they were always on the lookout for fresh meat. Already a
number of students had �dropped out� after an encounter with the two innocent
looking mistresses. Whether it was boys or girls didn�t really matter to them;
domination and brutal torture were their special turn-ons. And Amanda was sure
that at least Christina would be engaging in some domination later that day as
she told Amanda that she had invited the blonde to her room that afternoon.
Whether she wanted it or not, the blonde was headed for trouble.

As was Justin. He had been casting her infatuated little looks for ages now and
it pissed Amanda off; it triggered her dominant gene something awful. For the
past month or so she had been planning his demise and now everything was ready.
He just had to turn up at her party. If he did that it would take a miracle to
save his pathetic slave-ass.

A little over two weeks later Amanda was making the final preparations for the
party. All the physical things such as music and drinks were ready, and all
that remained was her outfit. For the evening she had chosen a very nice, tiny
little black number. Made from thin black fabric with a few silver threads
woven into it, the dress certainly didn�t reach mid-thigh. Thin spaghetti
straps went over her shoulders, holding it up and a strategically placed fold
provided the cleavage, showing off her breasts very nicely. On her feet she had
classic, shiny black stilettos, five inches high. With her hair set in a loose
pile on top of her head, Amanda looked devastatingly sexy even to herself. Not
for the first time that evening, she felt an anticipatory tingle behind her
truly miniscule black G-string. Justin was going to get the first in a string
of surprises that could all qualify as the worst of his life and Amanda was so
looking forward to taking that little shit a peg or two down. Although almost
everyone else saw Justin as a sweet and harmless boy, this harmlessness
triggered Amanda in the worst way.

Closing the door behind her, she met with Christina in the hallway. Christina
looked just as sexy, but a more assertive and dominant way. Christina had gone
for a classic leather look. On her feet were black, leather boots reaching up
to just below her knee. Her ass was held in a tiny and very tight black leather
skirt, complementing perfectly the simple black leather jacket she wore over a
strapless black top, shoving off her breasts to her definite advantage. The
black leather reinforced her sexy Goth-chick look and Amanda thought she looked
exceptionally dominant this evening, a sadistic sparkle in her dark eyes.
The girls kissed each other as a greeting, none of them paying any attention to
the figure behind Christina. It was the pretty, shy blonde that had spotted
them in the hallway as they had invited Justin to the party. That very evening
Christina had taken possession of the bitch, breaking her completely only two
days later. The former star student had now dropped out and now all her energy
and devotion went into pleasing Mistress Christina. She was dressed in very
provocative red dress, clinging to her body and barely covering tits and her
red G-string. On her feet were red five-inch stilettos and she looked just like
the whore Christina had made her into for the evening. Although Michelle, as
her name was, was a lesbian and had never had a relationship with a boy,
Christina had ordered that this evening she was to dance with as many guys as
she could and do it as closely and provocatively as possible. She also had to
blow at least three guys during the course of the night, otherwise she would be
punished. Although Christina didn�t even acknowledge her presence, she looked
at her Mistress with adoration and love, both things that had been forced on
her. Amanda glanced at her and remembered the broken and crying bitch, lying
bound and gagged in a corner of Christina�s room as she had visited her a week
ago.
Michelle, who had been forced to love and obey Christina, fully expected to be
kept as a slave in her Mistress room for a long time, and her broken mind loved
the prospect and so she would do her best to obey Mistress Christina�s orders
and suck as much cock as possible tonight, even if the very thought made her
stomach turn. Amanda looked at the groveling slave-bitch and laughed inwardly.
What Michelle didn�t know, was that her sorry ass had already been sold.
Christina had sold her to a distinguished lady in her forties, who wanted a
fresh college girl. Her former slave had been worn out after only six months,
the woman said matter-of-factly. She had calmly, one dominant to another,
explained how she had had to strangle the silly bitch. After a longish torture
session the silly girl had simply been unable to stop screaming, her tiny mind
broken by the abuse. This was where Michelle was headed, not to Christina�s
bedroom.

With a dismissive wave Christina sent Michelle off to complete her assignment
and then turned to Amanda with a smile: �Shall we?� Beaming back at her Amanda
replied: �Indeed. Let�s get some pork.� And with that they went off to join the
fun.

As Amanda had expected the party was a huge success. With no other parties that
weekend, no athletic events away from campus and a bunch of party-starved
students left on campus it could hardly be anything else. The dance floor was
packed all evening and getting Justin onto it was the simplest thing in the
world. He had tried to look surprised when she asked him to dance, tried to
project a casual air and had failed miserably. He might as well have been
drooling openly, that�s how much he lusted after Amanda. In her devastatingly
sexy dress, her ass swaying seductively and her breasts, during the dance
briefly pressed against his chest, swinging freely in the tiny dress, Amanda
had insured that Justin�s cock had been hard for a long time.

After the dance Amanda led Justin to a private corner of the room and somewhat
alarmed he noticed that her friend Christina had joined them. The two girls
kissed briefly before turning their attention to him. While Christina watched
Amanda pressed her body close to Justin�s, her right hand loosely cupping his
balls, making him gasp with delight. In one ear he heard some girl make an
indignant remark about some slut named Michelle who had apparently already been
seen sneaking off with two guys and was now dancing so closely with another
that it looked like they were fucking right there on the dance floor.

Her seduction of Justin already in full swing, Amanda also heard the remark,
noting with pleasure that their plan was working. While Michelle behaved so
sluttishly that all eyes were on her, no one was watching what Amanda and
Christina were doing to Justin and Amanda was willing to bet large sums of
money that in the morning no one would even remember that she had danced with
him. Michelle�s orders had been for at least three blowjobs to at least three
different guys, but at her current pace she was going to reach at least double
that. It was a brilliant distraction and one they would sell that very evening
and thus get rid off altogether.

Meanwhile Amanda now had a firm grasp on Justin�s stiff member, so hot and
throbbing that she could feel it clearly even through his trousers. As for
Justin, he had forgotten even Christina�s presence, just as they had planned.
His attention was entirely focused on Amanda. Her kisses and her insistent
stroking of his cock through the fabric of his pants drove him completely wild.
He had lusted after her for ages and now she proved to be even sexier than he
had imagined. He didn�t notice Christina getting behind him and slipping a
white powder into his beer, watching it dissolve quickly. This accomplished,
Christina exchanged a glance with Amanda and slipped out of the room. Seeing
that her friend had slipped the drug into the stupid creep�s drink, Amanda
began the next phase of the plan. She continued kissing Justin for a minute
longer, stroking his cock until his breath became short and urgent, while she
put up with his inept fumbling and hopeless kissing. Then she drew back and
said: �Not here.� Justin almost moaned out loud when she took her hand off her
cock, but he agreed with what she said, would have agreed no matter what she
had said: �Not here.� Amanda repeated, �We don�t want to behave like animals in
heat. We don�t want to behave like that slut Michelle.� Justin had no idea who
Michelle was. He only had eyes for Amanda and his needy cock told him that that
was where his full attention should be. �Here, take your drink.� Amanda said,
�Go to the bar and finish it nice and slow. Then quietly slip out and meet me
in the alley behind the building in fifteen minutes.� She leaned in to give him
a quick kiss and his hard member an affectionate squeeze, before she turned on
her heel and left, her perfectly rounded ass swaying enticingly. Catching
himself staring after her with his mouth open, Justin took a great big gulp of
his beer to steel himself. It tasted strange, but who cared? He was going to
meet the girl of his dreams outside very shortly and all the strange tasting
beer in the world couldn�t stop him. To underline this he took another great
swig of the drink before moving as casually towards the bar as he could. Not that
either he, Amanda or Christina attracted any attention whatsoever. Michelle was
leading her third guy that evening towards the men�s room, a look of
astonishment at his good luck on his face.

After fifteen minutes Justin had finished his drink and was moving discretely
to the exit. The beer had definitely tasted funny, but he hadn�t really noticed
it towards the end. As he moved away from the bar he felt strangely
lightheaded, but he brushed the feeling off as he concentrated on his still
impressively hard boner. He tried to be as discreet about it as possible as he
left and again his efforts were wasted as Michelle once again stole the
attention. The guy she had been with had reappeared minute ago with a very
goofy and relaxed look on his face and now she entered the stage again, her
make-up reapplied perfectly and her eyes set on yet another lucky fellow.

In the alley Amanda waited for Justin, leaning up against her car, an old deep
blue Stratus Coupe GT. Her green eyes sparkled with delight now the chase was
on and her quarry would soon be in the net. Christina waited just out of sight,
Amanda acknowledging her presence with a brief glance just before Justin
appeared. His eyes were a little unfocused and he walked a little unsteadily as
the drug was beginning to take hold, but the hard-on in his pants was still
unmistakable.
A seductive smile on her face, Amanda beckoned with her finger and the pathetic
little shit stumbled closer, trying for a clumsy embrace. She deftly
outmaneuvered him and suddenly he was the one leaning up against the car. Not
that he minded. In fact he could use some support as his balance seemed to be
shot. Besides, Amanda was now leaning in, stroking and kissing him before her
hands unerringly found his cock. Justin couldn�t help but gasp as she freed his
throbbing member from his pants with practiced ease and his breathing became
even more troubled when she began stroking him.
In his mind he had seen himself entering her in the backseat of some car or
against a wall, but now that she held him in her hands all these thoughts were
gone as she instead expertly stroked him towards a magnificent climax. Before
he could object or even think twice, he came, a massive orgasm shaking his
body. He let out a strange and pathetic scream as he came, massive spurts of
cum shooting out of his cock. As the orgasm shook his body, he could no longer
fight the drug and he collapsed in a heap at Amanda�s feet.

As Justin slid down the side of the car, unconscious, Amanda stepped aside
chuckling to herself. She had managed to direct his shot away from herself and
as she looked at the small puddles she had to admit that she was surprised and
somewhat impressed that the creep could have held so much jism. Otherwise,
every single thing had gone according to plan, something she remarked to
Christina as she wiped the cum off her hands using Justin�s shirt.

The girls then moved quickly to secure Amanda�s newest acquisition. Amanda
opened the trunk of the car while Christina started to cut away Justin�s clothes.
Soon all of his clothes were cut to shreds and placed in a bag for eventual
disposal. His flaccid, circumcised cock looked a little red and raw and even
though he had been knocked out by the drug, his face had an absurdly pleased
look. Determined that that would soon changed, Amanda and Christina lifted him
into the trunk of the car before tying him up. Using the kind of solid plastic
strips normally used for securing electric cables and such, Amanda first tied
his hands behind his back and the forced his elbows together. After that came
strips around his ankles and both above and below his knees. For his gag Amanda
had saved a special treat in a little plastic bag already in the trunk: two
pairs of her very dirty panties. These two she had worn during soccer practice,
each for three consecutive days, and she had finished off by peeing on them
before sealing them in the plastic baggie. Now, after stewing in the trunk for
four days they were ripe enough for gagging Justin.
As Amanda opened the bag a disgusted �Whew!� escaped Christina, who then
promptly began laughing when she saw what they were for. Getting them into
Justin�s mouth was a bit of a struggle, but finally all of the ripe fabric was
held in his mouth. She then used a couple of rounds of duct tape to keep them
there and inserted plugs into his ears before sealing his head inside a very
thick, black rubber hood. When gagging an unconscious person there was always
the risk that he or she will vomit and thus choke. But while Amanda would love
to get to torture and sell the little shit, she simply couldn�t treat him any
differently. First of all there was the principle. A slave should never set the
agenda and since she wanted (and needed for security reasons) to gag him, he
simply had to be gagged, no matter the risk that he would die from it. He was
after all just property now. Amanda and Christina weren�t done tying him up
yet, though. To make sure that he couldn�t move and thus attract attention to
himself while lying in the trunk, they secured him to the floor of it with a
number of wide straps. 

Amanda�s car had of course been modified for this shortly after she had gotten
it as a high school graduation gift. By now the car had carried more than its
fair share of would be slaves to their unpleasant destinies. Amanda had many
fond memories of the car, like the time she had driven a pair of twins to their
new owner. Their buyer had been very specific about their training and the two
boys, both straight, had spent almost their entire training learning how to
give head while being told that from now on they were little homo slave boys.
It didn�t sit well with them, but encouragement in the form of Mistress
Amanda�s whip made them obey very quickly. At the same time they were of course
not allowed to cum, something which of course did not prevent Amanda and
Christina from playing with their poor cocks until the pathetic little shits
cried with frustration. So when it was time to deliver them to their new owner,
Amanda, after consultation with the man who would buy them, placed them in the
trunk tied up in a sixty-nine position. It was much more effective than a
regular gag since the twins, starved for sexual attention and now very skilled
in using their mouths, spent the whole trip blowing each-other, not trying for
even a second to get out or attract attention. Pulling the two very guilty and
very satisfied slaves out of the trunk and delivering them to a lifetime of
servitude had been extremely satisfying, as well as profitable.

For now, however, Amanda needed to only one more thing to the creep in her
trunk. First she tied one end of a thin rope very tightly around his scrotum.
Then she had Christina hold the trunk lid half-closed while she tied the other
end of the rope to the lid, making sure that it was taut before they closed the
lid and rejoined the party. When opening the trunk the lid would come all the
way up unless someone held it back, and Amanda was sure that no one would do
such a thing, and the rope would pull most painfully on the creep�s balls.
Amanda�s slave thus secured, the girls went back to the party to have a bit of
fun and to see how Christina�s slave was doing. 

Back at the party everyone was talking about Michelle�s exploits, how she
seemed to have gone from quiet star student to drop out whore in no time at
all. The absence of Amanda, Christina and Justin had gone completely unnoticed.
A small group of girls were listening to the door of one of the toilets,
catching the sounds of the fifth lucky winner as he screamed with delight when
Michelle swallowed his load. Amanda and Christina looked at the poor girl as
she rejoined the party, hunting for the next load of semen. Most of the guys
seemed to think that she was very much OK, if not exactly girlfriend material,
and kept a close eye on her, while the most of girls were absolutely outraged
at her behavior. At least three guys could be seen waiting their turn at the
bar, so Michelle had a busy night ahead of her.

As the party wound down and Michelle came back to the floor after her ninth
blowjob that night, it was time to leave. At a signal from Christina, unseen by
everyone else, the exhausted slave-girl finally left the party to disgusted
looks from a large section of those still left. Others tried to get her to the
toilets for an extra performance, but Michelle had seen her Mistress� order and
had to obey.

When Michelle met Amanda and Christina in the alley she was so relieved that
she cried with gratitude as she kissed their feet. One blowjob had been
terrible, but to have to perform nine had been absolutely disgusting and when
Christina had her strip so that all she wore were her stilettos, she laid her
head back and sighed with pleasure as Christina squeezed her nipples most
painfully. The mere touch of her Mistress after all the awful cocksucking was
heaven, even if her Mistress was hurting her.

Neither Amanda nor Christina had been drinking that night and so they just got
in the car and drove off. Michelle, her hands now cuffed behind her back, sat
between Christina�s legs and serviced her Mistress with obvious gratitude.
Christina glanced sideways at Amanda and remarked: �You�ll have to do without
me for a while,� sighing with pleasure she continued: �the bitch is really
eager to prove herself.� As Christina leaned back moaning softly while pressing
Michelle�s face into her crotch, Amanda chuckled and drove on.

Their first stop was a very large mansion on the other side of town, an elegant
building hidden by tall hedges concealing wire fences and protected by a sturdy
iron gate. Here Michelle, very confused but obviously happy that she had had
the opportunity to please Christina, who looked slightly flushed with a couple
of nice orgasms, was taken out of the car, gagged and leashed before being led
up the stone stairs to the front door. Here a stunning maid opened the door and
welcomed them inside. The maid was quite tall, perhaps 6� 2� inches flatfooted
and she wore black six-inch stilettos, and so towered above them all. She was
slender, with unbelievably long legs, with an hourglass figure, her waist
absurdly narrow. She wore a simple, but very tight and very short, black satin
dress with a miniscule white, lace apron. Her hair was black and cut stylishly
very short. The only sign that she was indeed a slave was the thin silver
collar hugging her neck tightly, seemingly welded on, with a ring dangling down
in front.

Amanda and Christina exchanged a look, before following the slave-maid into the
drawing room where the lady they were selling Michelle to sat enjoying a
late-night drink. She was in her forties, a very attractive brunette with a
definite air of superiority and power about her. She wore a simple black,
full-body leather suit with matching boots with six-inch heels. On the table to
her right lay a riding crop and it was clear that she intended to try out her
new acquisition right away. �Ah, Christina and Amanda. So good to see you
both,� she began, �I see you�ve brought my new bitch. How absolutely
delightful! I was getting bored playing with that.� She indicated the maid, who
stood absolutely still, awaiting her Mistress� command. As Amanda and Christina
looked at the maid, the woman explained: �Since I disposed of my former slave,
she�s all the slave sport I have in the house. I really need more than two if I
am to have proper sport each day. Perhaps you two can deliver me another slave
if I am satisfied with this one?� She indicated Michelle and as Amanda and
Christina replied that they�d gladly supply more slaves to the woman, it dawned
on the naked slave-girl for the first time that she was being sold. She had
been broken and turned into a slave only two weeks before and the breaking
process had attached her very strongly to Christina and when it dawned on her
that she would no longer belong to her, she began crying and begging behind her
gag. Of course neither Christina nor Amanda cared and the whining merely sent
Michelle�s new owner into a rage, clearly demonstrating that she really needed
a punching bag for everyday use. Only when Michelle had been reduced to a whimpering
wreck at the woman�s feet, covered in red welts and desperately trying to beg
forgiveness through her gag, did the woman return her attention to the two
girls.

�As you know,� the woman said, �these little shits have to be put in their
place at once.� Amanda said that indeed they did. The woman then handed them an
envelope containing their payment, which Christina put in her purse without
checking as a courtesy from one domina to another and they turned to leave,
ignoring Michelle�s hopeless sobbing in the background. On the way out Amanda
inquired about the maid: �She�s awfully tall that bitch. Where did you acquire
her?� The woman sighed and lifted up the maid�s miniscule skirt: �This is
Arabella, formerly Aaron. A few years back he thought that he�d charm his way
to my money. Unfortunately for him, I�m not into men and so I made him into a
woman of sorts instead and while he won�t inherit anything, he will be part of
the inheritance, passing on to the next owner.� Beneath the skirt was a pair of
tiny black panties and when the woman pulled these away along with the sanitary
napkin in them, Arabella�s tiny, chastised cock could be seen, dripping pre-cum
from pent-up excitement. �Tell the ladies how long it has been since you last
came Arabella,� the woman commanded her maid. In a tiny, high-pitched and
squeaky voice Arabella answered: �Mistress, three years, Mistress.� Smiling
broadly the woman pulled up the slave-maid�s panties and dropped her dress
down. She then said a fond farewell to Amanda and Christian and let the maid
lead them to the door. As a parting greeting the obviously extremely well
trained maid kissed Amanda and Christina�s feet and pressed her head to the
ground until their car had left the grounds.
As they drove away Amanda idly wondered how long Michelle would last with the
woman, who had after all strangled her last slave-girl after only six
months.

The answer was very long indeed. The first three weeks were the most painful in
Michelle�s life as the woman took out all her anger on her, anger that had been
stored in the months she had been without a slave and which now found release.
But with the anger out of her system, her use of Michelle changed. Michelle had
already been broken before she came to her house and the abuse the woman poured
on her only reinforced her status as a slave. As she had been once before,
Michelle was beaten into loving her new owner.

Michelle was an exceptionally pretty girl. Perhaps not beautiful, but she had a
certain indisputable sweetness or prettiness, even when she screamed or cried.
Even tried down hard for a whipping, her all her holes stuffed with huge
dildos, Michelle never lost her essentially sweet and doll-like appearance. So
since Michelle was broken in, her desire to escape held completely in check by
her brutal training, just as it was with the unfortunate and always horny
Arabella, she was freed of all physical bonds as her Mistress began treating
her as a live dress-up and sex doll.

First it was a series of ever-cuter outfits, which Michelle was required to
wear when she serviced her Mistress. The frillier and prettier the better,
although the costumes always had more than a little bit of kink in them; ultra
high heels, exposed tits or pussy, rubber or leather in where such things were
not normally used. Then it evolved into Mistress dressing her up, while
Michelle had to remain completely passive. After that came a period of strange
pantomimes where Mistress had Michelle sit or stand in the same position for
hours, like a doll placed for viewing pleasure only. This confused Michelle a
great deal. On one hand she liked very much that she wasn�t beaten as much, but
on the other hand she had become a true slave, now craving the firm hand and
hard sex her Mistress usually dished out.

Finally her Mistress took the step and turned Michelle into a doll permanently.
One evening her Mistress came to her as she sat absolutely still on her
Mistress� bed. Michelle was wearing a frilly white dressing gown, white
stocking and white stilettos and her blond hair was combed perfectly and set
with little blue ribbons. She sat with her legs folded to her right side, with
her hands clasped virtuously in her laps and with her head demurely down, a
sweet smile on her face. She had been sitting like that for ten hours, not
moving a muscle. All her limbs, every single muscle needed to move, but
Michelle had been given the order by Mistress that morning after she had
dressed her and placed her in that very position and Michelle didn�t dare even
think about disobeying.
As her Mistress approached Michelle saw the syringe in he hand, but even her
sweet smile stayed the same. She didn�t even react when the needle was plunged
into her buttocks and the contents of the syringe emptied into her. In fact she
didn�t move until she lost control of all her muscles at once, right before she
slipped into unconsciousness. 

When she woke up she was unable to see and unable to move. Completely unable to
see and completely unable to move. For a second it filled her with panic, but
then she remembered who she was and what she was. It was to be expected when
you were a slave and besides there was absolutely nothing she could do about
it.
Then as the drugs wore off, she noticed more and more things that were not as
they should be and all pushed her closer and closer to panic: Not only was she
unable to move, but she was unable to even flex her muscles against her bonds.
In fact she couldn�t feel any bonds. She tried making a sound in her throat,
the only way of really being heard when gagged but no sound whatsoever came and
she couldn�t detect the presence of a gag either. That�s when she discovered
something that did make her panic completely: she wasn�t breathing. She
couldn�t feel air filling up her lungs. She was dead. She had to be. Alone in
the silent darkness, unable to do anything at all and with the prospect of
spending eternity like that, Michelle�s mind was almost destroyed by the panic
that engulfed her. Perhaps it had been better that way, but she was able to
pull herself out of her state of panic when she suddenly heard faint voices. As
they got closer she could hear that it was Mistress and another woman and that
they were discussing some kind of procedure.
Suddenly bright light filled her eyes and after adjusting to it, she saw her
Mistress� face peering down at her. She smiled kindly and said gently: �Hello
Michelle. I hope you can hear me.� This alarmed Michelle very much. Mistress
had never, ever called her by her name. It was always �slave�, �slut�, �bitch�,
�cunt� or something of that order. The gentle look on Mistress� face spelled
doom. Michelle knew it. And she was of course right.

Seemingly keeping one of her eyes open manually, Mistress asked her: �Can you
feel this?� As Mistress� hand moved down Michelle�s body another person, a
stern looking woman in doctor�s whites, moved into her field of vision and
shone a little torch into her eyes. Whatever Mistress did, Michelle couldn�t
feel it and both the other women noted this to each other. After moving her arm
(Michelle could only see shifts in the position of Mistress shoulder) a few
times and noting that there was no reaction from Michelle, who by now had
noticed with increasing alarm that she couldn�t even move her eyes, Mistress
moved her hand again. And this time she felt it. Mistress touched her clit and
the feeling was fabulous. Whatever she did, it sent waves of pure pleasure up
through Michelle�s body and soon she was on her way to an orgasm, the first in
a very long time. Even trough the waves of pleasure and the relief that she
could feel something, Michelle dared not hope to be allowed to cum. Mistress
never allowed her slaves to cum. Never, ever. Cuming was for Mistress only. So
when the orgasm rolled over her like a great maelstrom of pleasure pulling her
down, alarms were going off in the back of her mind.

Her eyes could still only stare straight ahead and Mistress was still holding
only one of them open, so Michelle looked straight up during her fabulous and
much needed orgasm and she also heard Mistress and the doctor noting that there
had indeed been a reaction.

Michelle saw the doctor tape her eyelids open after first dripping some water
into them. The water temporarily obscured her vision, but alarmingly Michelle
felt nothing. Then the doctor moved out of sight and Mistress� face came close
and her owner then told Michelle what had happened to her before she outlined
her future.

Michelle had been paralyzed completely by cutting practically all of her nerves
at the base of the spine. Only a few had been left or been transplanted and
reconnected to her nervous system. One of them was the one ending in her
clitoris and the one controlling the pupils in her eyes, just as the optic
nerve was intact. (Not running through the neck, it had never been in any
danger). The first so that she could feel sexual pleasure and the other so that
Mistress could check for responses. Her ears were filled with tiny speakers
that could be shut off, thus preventing her from hearing anything at all. Her
breathing had been taken care of by placing a pump in her throat. Completely
silent, it pumped air in through a hole in her throat, directly into her lungs.
Alongside the pump for air sat the food and drink intake. Through another hole
in her throat she could be fed food and drink, pumped directly into her
stomach. The nerves for her internal organs had also been left relatively
intact; that is her ability to feel anything from her insides had been
inhibited, but the nerves needed to make her insides work were still present
and functional. In other words she would remain alive as long as the pumps in
her throat were running and someone fed her.
To prevent her muscles from deteriorating, wires had been connected to them and
electric current could be sent through them, making them twitch a bit and thus
maintaining a slight, but sufficient, muscular activity so that Michelle didn�t
waste away. To prevent her from flopping around like a boned fish now that she
had no muscular control, all of her joints, all the places where one piece of
bone was adjacent to another, had been fitted with a radio-controlled lock.
When the lock was released that joint could be manipulated and when it was
reengaged the joint stiffened in whatever position it was in. She had been
fitted with a permanent catheter and a similar device in her ass, both equipped
with valves so that there was some control over when she disposed of her waste.

Michelle had in effect become Mistress' doll, to be manipulated completely at
will and there was nothing she could do about it.

This information alone was enough to send Michelle�s into paralysis with
complete and utter panic, a state that lasted for days. When she regained a
measure of extremely depressed composure, Mistress informed her of the final
step in her transformation right before Michelle was subjected to it,
completely unable to even protest. She was covered in an extremely thin layer
of absolutely clear plastic, covering every fraction of a square inch of her
body, reaching into her mouth, her ears, her ass and even coating the inside of
her pussy. Her eyeballs had been individually coated with the ultra thin
plastic, so that they could be moved. One more change had been made to Michelle
before she was sealed in plastic. A wire had been fitted directly into her
clitoris and when the weak pulsing current was switched on, it triggered a
near-instant orgasm in Michelle. Less than five seconds after the current was
switched on, Michelle would cum. Not only that, but the current would keep her
cuming at intervals of ten seconds or less between the orgasms for� as long as it was on.

�Mistress then took her home as her doll.
She would loosen one joint at time and place Michelle in exactly the position
she wanted her in. It was especially unsettling when Mistress moved her eyes. She
simply placed a finger on each eyeball and turned Michelle�s eyes until they
pointed where she wanted them to. Mistress enjoyed dressing her up immensely
and Michelle was outfitted in a vast array of sexy doll costumes. Mistress had
a favorite outfit, which she called the �Goth-doll�. First she would color
Michelle�s blonde hair (which still grew and required cutting and washing as
before) jet-black. Then she�d fit her with a pair of absurdly plain white
panties and put thick, cotton stockings reaching up to mid-thigh on Michelle�s
legs. The stockings were always striped black and light grey. On her feet
Mistress put relatively clunky, black six-inch heels and a one-inch platform,
with a narrow strap across Michelle�s instep. Then came a nightgown of sorts
made from black see-through material, puffing at the sleeves at Michelle�s
immobile wrists and at the lower edge, right below her perfectly rounded ass.
It opened up in the front so that Michelle�s body could be clearly seen. Around
Michelle�s neck, concealing the small holes in the side of it, she put a lacy,
white collar. As a final touch Mistress would apply plenty of black make-up to
Michelle�s face, including a black spot to each cheek, giving Michelle a sort
sexy Goth-like Raggedy-Ann appearance.

Michelle lived out her life as Mistress� life-size doll, completely unable to
prevent anything that was being done to her. Twice a day Arabella, visibly
terrified of ending up as Michelle, would pour liquid through the feeding hole
in her throat and drain urine from her bladder. Her ass only needed to be
cleaned out once a week. Three times a day the absolutely immobile Michelle
would be sent into a one hour long series of orgasms, unable to even twitch in
response to her only source of even the tiniest pleasure. Often Mistress, who
of course knew when Michelle was programmed to cum, would sit with her doll at
these times, whispering softly in Michelle�s ear how much she loved her little
doll, while she stroked her hair, something Michelle could of course not
feel.

As Michelle, positioned by Mistress right next to her bed, watched as Mistress
finally strangled Arabella after a brutal torture session lasting two whole
days, her eyes popping out of her head, her tongue sticking out of her open
mouth as her feet stopped kicking and she lay still, Michelle thought that
Arabella was lucky compared to her.

But of course Amanda and Christina were unaware of Michelle�s horrible fate as
they drove away with Justin in the trunk and a pile of money in their pocket.
And truth be told, they would probably have thought it more than a little
arousing if they had known about her fate. Certainly it would have turned
Amanda, for whom control and punishment of slaves simply couldn�t get harsh
enough, on more than a little.

Not long after leaving the house where they had left Michelle to her fate,
Amanda and Christina drove up a long driveway in the secluded countryside, past
an automated gate, the only opening in a very high wall, and until they reached
the parking space by the main building. The sign by the road had read: �The M
Farm. Rare and exclusively trained domestic creatures.� Depending on who you
were the M could stand for either �Master� or �Mistress�.
�The M Farm� was a sort of co-op, a place where several masters and mistresses
had pooled their resources and bought a place to train their slaves. Some, like
Amanda and Christina, used the place mostly for training slave with the purpose
of selling them later on, while other simply kept their pets locked up. That
way they could afford farmhands to take care of the beasts when they themselves
could not. Most of the training was of course handled by the master of mistress
who had brought the slave to the farm, but tasks like feeding and cleaning them
or taking care of their inevitable wounds while they recuperated was mostly
handled by the farmhands, who then of course had full use of the slaves
whenever they wanted.

The emphasis of the place was naturally training slaves to be some kind of
animal, but there were also extensive facilities for other kinds of slave
training, like large and strange toilet facilities. Amanda and Christina had
each bought a stake in the place and had been taking their unfortunate prey
there for a few years now, easily making enough money to return their
investment and pay for their tuition at the same time. 
Not making good on the investment in the farm was discouraged � strongly. They
needed to look no further than the two farm dogs that ran out to greet them,
barking like mad. The bitch had formerly been a professional mistress in a big
city who had decided to try her hand at pony training. She turned out to be not
so good at that line of work and soon began loosing money. When she had failed
pay for her share in the farm, the other owners had cashed in on it or rather
they had cashed her in. It was a similar story with the other dog. Both now ran
around on permanently folded up limbs, their hands and feet useless and were
permanently covered in thick, black rubber so that they could keep warm all year
round. Their heads were free as were their ass and genitals. Their voices were
no longer capable of producing words and their minds had long since been
destroyed, turning them into mindless animals as a warning to everyone. For
some reason Amanda could not understand, neither was chastised and after
sniffing her and Christina up and receiving pats on their heads, they began
fucking like mad, the bitch being mounted from behind to her evident delight,
her eyes rolling back while she moaned with pleasure. This activity seemed to
take up most of their time. That and sniffing guests.

It was very early morning by now and neither Amanda nor Christina felt like
getting started on Justin�s transformation before a bit of sleep. Besides, it
was doubtful if the drugs had worn off and there really was no sport in
torturing a slave only half-awake. So the girls simply left Justin in the trunk
of Amanda�s car and went up to their rooms for a bit shut-eye.

A few hours later in the dark silence of the trunk, Justin began to come
around. For the first few seconds or so he felt really good. He had been with
the girl he had had a crush on for ages and he had cum � massively. He couldn�t
exactly remember what had happened, something about leaning against a car, but
it had been great.
Then he noticed how cramped his whole body felt, how he couldn�t move, hardly
even twitch in fact. And the taste in his mouth! His mouth felt like it was
filled with the worst tasting cotton in the whole world, a taste of piss and
something else. Something not quite recognizable, but strangely familiar.
Sweat? Definitely sweat he thought, but there was more. 
His chain of thought was interrupted by a very late realization: he was tied
up! Tied up and gagged! He panicked and began struggling like crazy, but all
his efforts hardly even made Amanda�s car rock, not even slightly. The girls
had bound him much too thoroughly for that. After a few minutes he regained
some of his composure and began to think. Who could have done this to him?
Surely not sweet, little Amanda. After giving it some thought he came to the
conclusion that it had to be that friend of hers, Christina. She had been
lurking around while Amanda had come on to him and he had always thought she
was a bit dodgy, with her Goth-thing and that very sexy leather outfit she had
been wearing at the party. Even tied up in the dark in some unknown place, he
didn�t know he was in the trunk of a car; Justin couldn�t stop thinking about
Amanda. Thinking about the party made him think about her and that outrageously
sexy outfit she had been wearing. The tiny black dress, her stilettos, her hair
piled up and her green eyes pinning him down. And her hands; her oh-so talented
hands. When he thought about her finger doing circles on his head of his cock,
he became hard again, very hard. Getting hard he noticed that something had
been tied around his scrotum, but even that did not prevent him from indulging
a wet dream about Amanda. For a surprisingly long time he forgot to struggle
and forgot to think about what he had in his mouth, lying almost still while
images of Amanda flashed through his mind. Amanda smiling, Amanda kissing him
and Amanda taking out his cock, manipulating it expertly with a knowing smile
on her face.

Meanwhile Amanda and Christina had gotten up and eaten brunch at a leisurely
pace, read the morning paper and discussed their plan of action. Christina had
simply said that while she�d love to be in on the action in whatever form it
might be. Justin was Amanda�s slave and Amanda should call the shots. Amanda
had expected this, she always took the same position whenever she was in on the
training of Christina�s slaves, but it was only polite and natural to ask her
first. Being nice to each other was a matter of course.

After finishing their brunch and morning toilette, it was time to get down to
business. Amanda had long since decided that Justin should be turned into a pig
and the transformation was going to require some surgery of sorts, so they had
better dress for it. As a surprise she had gotten matching outfits for
Christina and herself. Naturally she had gone for the white clad nurse look.
They wore absolutely tiny, white rubber miniskirts that left nothing at all to
the imagination. Neither Amanda nor Christina needed to bend over before
exposing their pussies; Amanda�s smooth and clean-shaven while Christina�s was
a nicely trimmed dark growth. Covering their chest they had a top made from
thin, stretchy, white rubber. On the front there was a mocking red cross, while
their backs were completely exposed, only the thin straps holding the front in
place crossing their smooth skin. On their feet they had white stilettos, five
inches high.

Properly outfitted it was time to get the creep from the trunk. It was a little
chilly outside in their flimsy costumes as they dragged a small cart towards
Amada�s car. There was no one in the courtyard, but in the distance a pony
could be heard screaming, just as the whip striking her could be heard clearly.
From the other end of the farm came the muffled sounds of pigs grunting and
squealing, at least one in pain. The only other living things in the yards were
the two dogs, fucking like mad in a corner, the bitch howling with delight
while the male mounting her from behind grunted with effort.

Since Justin was still dreaming happily about his favorite girl, the one about
inflict greater pain on him than he had ever imagined could exist, there was no
sound from the trunk and Amanda thought with regret that he must have choked in
his gag. So she unlocked the trunk and flung the lid open. As the lid came all
the way up the string tied around Justin�s scrotum became taut and then began
pulling most painfully on his balls. Justin�s scream of pain told Amanda and
Christina that he was indeed alive and in pain, just the way they wanted
him.

For Justin the pain in his crotch was unbelievable and extremely surprising. He
had never had anyone pull on his balls like that and the surprise of having a
very pleasant wet dream about Amanda so rudely interrupted was a huge shock.
When his first scream of pain and surprise had died down behind Amanda�s dirty
underwear, the thing pulling on his balls went momentarily slack only to be
jerked just as painfully as before. This happened a number of times while
Amanda and Christina stood by the half-open trunk, enjoying Justin�s screaming
and thrashing, albeit very limited thrashing due to his bonds.
Finally they had had enough fun and they undid the straps holding him tied to
the bottom of the trunk. Mistakenly thinking that this meant that he was freed,
Justin instantly started to struggle, only to find out that his limbs were
still strapped solidly together. A quick warning tug on his crotch told him to
remain passive, which he of course did not. Justin was a little too confused to
interpret the tug as a real signal and rather thought it had been just a
coincidence. Amanda on the other hand did not believe in coincidences. But she
did especially not believe in allowing slaves to get away with anything. So to
make her point, she grasped his balls and squeezed them until Justin screamed
and thrashed and she kept up the pressure until Justin finally, through the
haze of pain in his balls understood that he had to lie still; very
still.

This settled, Justin�s mistresses lifted him out of the trunk and onto the
little cart they had brought. The ride was short and ended with Justin being
lifted onto a cold, steel table. Acutely aware of the rope around his scrotum
and now also aware of its function, Justin allowed himself to be positioned
properly on the table. First he was placed on his back and his head was pushed
halfway down into some kind of opening before a thick strap around his neck
secured him in that position. Lying on his arms, pinning them painfully against
the steel table, he felt how the rope around his balls was pulled taut and
probably secured to the end of the table. A slight warning tug was given and
then the straps hold his legs were cut. Remembering what had happened in the
trunk and at the same time realizing that without the use of his arms and
without sight, he could do very little, Justin allowed the unseen hands to
spread his legs wide and felt how they tied them down again. Then it was time
for his arms. Before his arms were released, there was again a warning tug on
his balls and a couple of fingers pinched his nose shut for half a minute,
seemingly to remind him of how vulnerable he was. Justin understood the message
and lay absolutely still as he was twisted onto one side while the straps were
cut and then placed on his back again. Then his arms were spread wide and tied
down, so that he now lay in a very wide spread-eagle position. 

Finally it was time for his hood to come off. First, though, Amanda and
Christina snapped on white latex gloves, so as to behave hygienically. You
never knew where a filthy slave had been.
Once they had removed the hood, it took almost a full minute for him to adjust
to the light, during which time Amanda had removed his earplugs. When his eyes
had adjusted enough for him to see her, she bent down over him, held a hand
over his mouth so that he couldn�t spit out her dirty underwear and said in her
sweetest voice: �Good morning shithead. Did you sleep well?� Justin�s reaction
was one of pure shock. Amanda! It couldn�t be sweet Amanda who had done this to
him could it? Relishing in his obvious shock and enjoying it to the fullest as
well as his futile screaming and thrashing, Amanda leaned in once again and
stopped his thrashing with a quick tug to his balls. �You belong to me now, creep,
and I intend to transform you into something you�d never dream about and there
is nothing you can do to stop me.� Watching these words sink in as Justin
realized that she was probably absolutely right, she continued: �You know my
friend Christina of course,� she said indicating the broadly smiling,
black-haired babe in the perverted nurse�s outfit standing on the other side of
him, �and I must inform you that the two of us will be your primary doctors
during your little, but very painful, transformation this afternoon.� Justin
reacted with a start and some very distressed mumbling at the mention of
�doctors� and �transformation�. Amanda smiled sweetly and said: �I hope you are
enjoying your gag? I made it especially for you. Three day old panties lubricated
with my very own urine. You should feel honored.� Judging from Justin�s
desperate attempts to spit them out, he didn�t seem too enthusiastic about her
efforts. Such a response could of course not be tolerated and Amanda informed
him of this right before she nodded to Christina to take action.

Christina had been waiting for something to do and finally here came the chance
to do some damage to the creep. Picking up a riding crop she started whipping
his belly, his legs and of course his genitals until both Amanda and Christina
could hear contrite sounds coming in between the screams from behind his
gag.

That settled and with a warning to keep quiet, Amanda removed her filthy
underwear from Justin�s mouth. Not daring to speak he simply stared in horrified
disbelief at two perverted nurses smiling sweetly at him. Satisfied that he
didn�t want to speak anymore Amanda told him what she intended to do to him:
�Now I�ve always thought that you were a completely useless asshole, a real
pig.� Amanda watched as Justin realized how much the girl he had adored really
despised him before continuing: �So I�ve decided to keep you as one. Christina
and I will now begin your little transformation. I am quite sure that it will
be extremely painful and most humiliating, but then that�s kinda the point.�
Justin stirred a little at this, but was still too shocked and too aware of his
bonds to fight back. Amanda then told him of the first step: �Now pigs don�t
really have hair, only bristles. But I don�t like bristles, so you will go
completely hairless.� Now Justin could keep quiet no more and began to object.
Both Amanda and Christina had been expecting this and Christina stood ready to
stop his useless objections. The second he opened his mouth, she grabbed his
testicles, one in each hand and pulled them away from his body as far as she
could without actually pulling them off, while she squeezed them at the same
time. Instead of objections all that came out of Justin�s mouth were gurgling
screams and incoherent pleas. After listening to this for a minute or so,
Christina let go and leaned in over him: �Shut up pig!� Justin instantly closed
his mouth, a weak whimper escaping his throat as he pulled his head back as far
as he could, intimidated by the brutal, black-haired mistress.

Justin seemingly having understood the point at last, Amanda and Christina set
about removing all of his hair, both his body hair and the hair on his head.
After cutting the longest of it with electric clippers, they set about shaving
him down. It was in some ways a bit boring, but it was also quite satisfying as
it humiliated the slave more than a bit and brought the reality of his
situation home. It was particularly funny to see his reaction whenever they
grabbed his cock. Justin may have told himself that he didn�t like being bound
and manhandled by a pair of brutal mistresses, but his cock said differently.
When Amanda grabbed it and lifted it up so that she could shave his scrotum, a
soft and barely audible moan escaped him and he got as hard as an oak banister.
While she shaved his balls clean Amanda pretended not to notice his hard cock
or the fact that Justin was suddenly very still and his hips were doing tiny
thrusting movements. The disgusting creep was clearly much more of a natural
slave than he let on.
The shaving done, Amanda returned to Justin�s cock. It was still hard and when
she took it in her latex covered hands again, there was a sharp intake of
breath from the bound slave. Standing between his legs with his cock in her
hands, she looked straight at him while she began to manipulate his member very
slowly and gently. �You like this don�t you shithead?� she asked Justin, who
had by now begun to thrust his hips upwards while he emitted rhythmic moans.
Still unsure of whether he was allowed to talk and much too preoccupied with
the gentle handjob Amanda was giving him, all he could do was nod. �Means that
you really are a slave-shit, don�t it?�, she continued as he tried telling
himself that the talented hands, now covered in latex which he loved, was doing
nothing for him. Justin understood the implications and so couldn�t answer
�yes�, but on the other hand, he knew that answering �no� could have even worse
consequences. In effect he was trapped between his desire and his need to escape
from this absolutely gorgeous and absolutely vicious creature. All he could
manage was a weak, indecisive, shaking of his head. Amanda, who had of course
never intended for him to cum, took this response as a sign of disobedience and
suddenly slapped his balls viciously with a flat hand and yelled at Justin:
�You pathetic looser! You are a fucking slave when I tell you that are one!
Understood?� Not waiting for his reply, she slapped his balls hard one more
time before letting go of his still hard cock.

All that Justin could do was to scream in pain and his mistresses simply let
him first scream and then moan as they made ready to remove the last of his
hair � permanently. Not waiting for him to calm down they first taped his eyes
shut. Then they began lathering him up in some kind of cr�me. It was very thick
and very, very foul smelling. And not only that. When they had applied it to
his backside too by rolling him as far as he would go to either side, the cr�me
began to burn. Soon it was as if all of the skin on his body had been set on
fire. Soon it became unbearable and Justin thrashed and twisted in his bonds
while screaming his head off, pleading for mercy from the two girls he had
begun addressing as �Mistress� without even being told. His cries of: �Please
Mistress Amanda� and �Please Mistress Christina� made them exchange meaningful
glances. Apparently the little shit had been a natural submissive. Ah well, no
matter how submissive he was probably not going to like what they were going to
do to him next.

After ten minutes of listening to the sweet sound of the creep screaming, they
decided that any chance of him growing back any hair at all had long since
passed and that they had better wash away the cr�me to avoid permanent damage
to his skin. Justin cried with relief when the burning cr�me washed away,
babbling inane thank-yous to his mistresses. To Justin� relieved sobbing they
dried him, again getting a surprisingly strong reaction when Amanda lifted up
his cock.
Standing back they regarded their now completely nude slave, now devoid of all
hair. He was totally bald, even the eyebrows missing, smooth and glistening
slightly in the cold light and looking completely pathetic, strapped down as he
was on the large steel table.

The next order of business was Justin�s head. They could have relied on surgery
to turn his feature more pig-like, but since he wouldn�t be able to see himself
where he was going, the both thought that a waste of effort. Instead Amanda had
chosen a mechanical solution of sorts. First she pressed a truly huge ring-gag
into his mouth. Justin didn�t want to open up wide enough for them to put it
in, but that problem was quickly solved. Amanda and Christina first shut his
mouth with their hands. Then they pinched his nose shut and held his head very
tightly. They held him like that till he was struggling very hard to break free
and breathe. When he was completely desperate to breathe, they let him open his
mouth. Predictably he opened wide to take in a huge gulp of air and when he did
Amanda stood ready with the ring-gag, pushing it into his mouth, forcing it in
place until eventually he was unable to expel it and it held his mouth so open
that it was just one step away from dislocating his jaw. The ring-gag was
further secured with a sturdy rubber strap going behind his head. Once this had
been tightened until Justin was moaning with the pressure to his head, the two
ends of the strap were stapled together so it wouldn�t come off again.
Then it was time for Justin�s new piggy nose. For this Amanda had chosen a nose
hook. The two hooks were inserted into a nostril each and the strap holding the
hook was led up across Justin�s forehead and down to meet the strap from the
gag. Again she tightened the strap until Justin was screaming in pain, his
nostril pulled up and his nose flattened against his face, creating a snub
nose/piggy nose effect. This strap was again stapled to the gag strap.

Amanda and Christina stood back to regard their work so far. Justin�s head
didn�t really look like a pig�s head, but he did look like a crude caricature
of one and it certainly looked both degrading and painful, the very things that
meant the most.

Next in line was his voice. Pigs can�t speak; only squeal. So of course Justin
shouldn�t be able to make any other sound than squealing. Here the prospects of
obtaining an effect that was close to the real thing were far better. First
they had to secure his head so that no movement whatsoever was possible. This
was the reason for the cutout in the table below Justin�s head, which he had
felt when he was first pressed down on the table and his neck strap was tied.
Amanda forced his head as far back as it would go, until it was almost
perpendicular to his body. While she held it, Christina strapped his head in
place. As they raised the table for a better working position, they could now
see through his wide open mouth and straight down his throat.
This was the kind of working space they needed when they were going to operate
on his vocal cords. The operation was simplicity itself, but required a steady
hand and that the slave didn�t move. The first thing was already accomplished,
although the stupid shit was emitting a series of pathetic, little screams
which Christina quickly stopped by twisting his balls. One big scream later and
Justin had decided it was better to keep quiet. Amanda had bought a piece of
equipment especially for this as Justin was not the first piggy she had
created, even if she couldn�t remember that any of the others had given her
quite as much pleasure in tormenting. The machine was a simple spear-like
object designed to go down the slave�s throat, fold the working parts out and
cut the vocal cords into a shape where the only sound that could be made was a
very realistic sounding pig-like squeal. When Justin saw Amanda moving the
thing into position, moving it into his mouth, he began to scream and yell,
trying to beg her not to do it. With his mouth forced open as it was and his
head forced back as well, the sounds coming out were garbled and pathetic. Then
the spear entered his throat and the sounds became first gurgles, going over to
the sound of muffled heaving. The spear had special moving parts for forcing
its way into the slave�s throat, moving past the larynx and the epiglottis, so
matter how much Justin wanted to keep it out, the spear found its way down to
his vocal cords. There was only just room enough for air to pass into Justin�s
lungs, so when he finally managed to control his gag reflex, the only sound
hear was that of his labored breathing. Then Amanda pressed a simple button and
the machinery, positioned correctly with the help a light and a camera in the
tip of the spear, began its work. Instead of cutting in Justin�s vocal cords,
risking that he drowned in blood, the machinery used a heated wire, burning and
instantly cauterizing the wound so that there was no blood and the success of
the operation could be assessed almost at once. Cutting the vocal cords was not
enough in itself, as the mouth and tongue also helped form words, but since
Justin�s mouth was now fixed in the open position, the operation would
hopefully result in him only being able to make pig-like sounds.

For Justin the experience was easily the worst of his entire life and although
the pain only lasted a few seconds, he couldn�t even scream. Instead he
convulsed a little before loosing consciousness. Amanda and Christina snorted
at the weakness of the little shit, but were essentially glad that he had
passed out as it made the work easier. After minute or so, the machine had done
its bit and Amanda withdrew the spear. Then they waited for Justin to wake up
and �tell� them if the operation had been a success.

Five minutes later, his head now released and resting on a plate covering the
cutout in the table, Justin came to. At first he was very disoriented, but soon
he remembered what was happening to him and the memory of the spear working its
way down his throat was so unpleasant that he began to scream. Only it wasn�t a
scream that came out, or at least not a human one. To the immense satisfaction
of Amanda and Christina, it sounded just like a pig screaming. The sound
evidently surprised Justin, because he stopped screaming when he heard his own
voice. After little while he tried again, this time not screaming, but just
speaking. The sound that came out sounded exactly like the squeal of a young
pig and Amanda and Christina began snickering. Christina stepped up to the
table, grabbed his balls and said: �Say �Mistress Amanda� for me piggy.�
Understanding the order perfectly, Justin tried his best. The only sound that
came out was the pathetic squealing of a pig. Christina gave his balls an
affectionate squeeze and together with Amanda she began laughing her head off,
while Justin began to cry inconsolably.
It took a while for Amanda and Christina to stop laughing and when they did,
Justin was still crying. But there was no time to waste if they were to
complete his transformation and the next day was after all a school day.

The next step was to take care of his hands and feet. Justin might have thought
that the operation on his vocal cords had been painful, but it proved to be
nothing compared to what they then did to his hands and feet.
Amanda had decided that Justin should walk around on his knees and elbows and
that he would never use his hands or feet again. Since he wouldn�t be using
hands or feet, Amanda saw no reason why she should spend time cutting his
finger- and toenails. So she and Christina simply pulled them out to the sweet
and funny sound of Justin�s pig-like screams. When it was over, Justin lay
panting for breath, small squeals of pain coming from his open mouth. He was
almost in a state of shock, but mostly he was in more pain than he had thought
possible.

But it was far from over yet. Since neither his hands nor feet would be of use
anymore, Amanda saw no reason to keep them functional and potentially in the
way. So the next step was crushing them so that they could be manipulated at
will. For this purpose she had a vice, large enough to hold a foot when
necessary and built especially for this purpose. When Justin saw it the first
time he didn�t have the imagination sufficient to picture what she would use it
for, so he watched sobbing (squealing actually) as she placed his right hand in
it and began to close it up. It wasn�t until it pressed painfully on his hand
that he realized what she was doing. Then he began screaming for all he was
worth, but there was of course nothing he could do as Amanda calmly crushed his
hand. Towards the end Justin passed out from the pain, but Amanda patiently
woke him up before she crushed his other hand. The same thing happened with his
feet, and each time Amanda patiently waited until Justin was conscious before
going on. When Amanda had crushed something, Christina came right behind with a
special rubber bandage. This she wrapped as tightly as she could around the
crushed part, shaping it as required. Justin�s hands were folded lie flat
against his wrist, right below the underarm, and his feet were folded so that
they lay against his ankle, right below his calf. When the stumps had been
wrapped with black rubber, Christina took an industrial blow drier and melted
the rubber so that the wrappings were permanent, or least could only be removed
by cutting.
This process was at least as painful as the actual crushing and Amanda had to
wake Justin up many times and wait for his increasing hysteria to subside. When
it was finally over, they had only a few things left. First they folded up his
arms and legs and wrapped and sealed them in the same kind of rubber that had
been used on his hands and feet. They had expected a struggle as they freed his
limbs, but Justin was much too weak and shocked to put up much of a fight. Soon
the job was done and the mistresses had again tied Justin, now almost
completely the pig Amanda wanted him to be, down spread-eagle practically
without resistance.

Amanda then allowed Justin to recuperate a little, giving him a bit of water
and halting the transformation for an hour or so. She and Christina had to get
a bite to eat too. Justin was far too shocked to fully comprehend what had
happened to him. He just knew that the girl he had thought the best of all, the
one he had adored, had turned out to be the meanest bitch in the universe,
perhaps only surpassed by that friend of hers.

After an hour the girls came back to find Justin out. They looked at the
exhausted slave and immediately pressed ahead. Justin woke up to the first nice
feeling in a long time. Yes his body was sore as hell and his arms and legs
hurt worse than anything had ever hurt before, but the feeling from his cock
was outrageously fine. As he struggled back to consciousness and opened his
eyes, he saw Amanda gently licking his tool, while manipulating his balls and
the shaft of his cock with her white, latex covered hands. A squeal of joy
escaped his throat, before he was brought back to the full horror of his
situation.
Justin�s cock surprisingly stiff, Amanda climbed onto the table and stood over
Justin. She squatted down just over his member, grasping it lightly with one
hand and said: �Now piggy, I�m going to give you the last orgasm you�ll enjoy
for a long, long time maybe for the rest of your life.� Justin started at that,
but otherwise neither said nor did anything. �I will only let you keep your
balls, however, if can keep your pathetic little cock under control.� Taking
out a knife and showing it to him, she continued: �But if you cum before I tell
you to or get soft at any time, I�ll cut off your balls right then and there.
Understood?� Justin nodded his understanding, desperate that she shouldn�t cut
him. 
Then he tasted heaven. Amanda let herself slide down his shaft, until it was
all the way in. Amanda sighed softly while a squeal of pure delight escaped
Justin. Then Amanda began bouncing gently up and down, squatting over Justin.
She obviously enjoyed it, playing with her breasts as she closed her eyes, laid
her head back and sighed. This made it even harder for Justin to hold back and
from the first second he struggled. Feeling him begin to loose control Amanda,
her eyes still closed as she fucked him leisurely, simply brandished the knife
again and Justin suddenly found the necessary motivation. The fuck was endless,
with Amanda cuming several times, and in the end Justin could hardly even enjoy
it as all his efforts went into holding back his orgasm. Finally, after what
seemed to Justin an eternity, Amanda gave him permission. It was easily the
best orgasm of his life. He thrashed and jerked, the pain momentarily forgotten
as he squealed with joy and shot his load.

Finally it was over and Amanda stood beside the table again. Justin hadn�t even
noticed it when she had slid off him. She wiped his cock clean and the
announced that they just had one more thing to do before his transformation was
complete. This started with a rude shock as Christina placed an ice pack on his
genitals. He gasped with shock as the cold spread through his crotch until he
was shivering and his cock was tiny and shriveled. Amanda now reappeared with a
small metal object in her hand. It was a very narrow tube with three holes
through the side. At one end two metal strips crossed each other in what looked
like a little dome. She put some kind of transparent gel on it and without
further ado she began pressing it down over his cock. Not only was his cock raw
from use, but the tube was impossibly narrow. Justin didn�t think it could
possibly fit over his cock, but through hard work Amanda managed to press it in
place over Justin�s squealing protests. When it had slipped in place it pressed
most painfully against his shaft and the two metal strips pressed very
unpleasantly against the head of his cock. Justin thought that was it, but
given Amanda�s sadism and her thoroughness, he ought to have expected what came
next. Smiling evilly she said: �Must make sure it can�t slip off.� In her hand
she held a long, thick needle. Seeing it he understood, but of course he could
do nothing but scream as she pierced the shaft of his cock in three places. The
she pushed little bolts through each of the three holes in the chastity device
so that it couldn�t be removed unless the bolts, which were secured with nuts
screwed in place at the other end, were removed. While still immensely painful,
it was nothing compared to what she had already subjected him to, but the
humiliation and the knowledge that she would probably not allow him to cum
again made Justin cry anew.

After a long and very satisfying day it was time to allow the pig to recover
from his transformation. So Amanda and Christina lifted him off the table and
helped him take his first steps as a pig, on all fours, and walked him to a
tiny cage in the corner of the room. They forced him into it, locked the door
behind him and informed him that he would have to stay in here for a week to
recover before he could join the other pigs in the outdoor pigpen. There they
left him, too shocked to do anything but sob a little.

After putting Justin his cage to recuperate, Amanda and Christina needed to get
off. Putting Justin in his place had been outrageously satisfying, but both
thought they could use some cock and Amanda had just the ticket. Amanda had
been very busy lately and apart from her piggy projects, she had a couple of
other pigs running around in the pen which Justin would meet soon, she had been
training a very special pony boy who was now ready for delivery.
Amanda and Christina went to the stable where he was held. He had already been
on his daily run and he had been washed and fed and tucked in for the night. He
was quite tall, 6� 5�, to begin with and now he had been forced to wear pony
boots. These forced him to stand on his toes, with no support for his heels,
and with the platforms under his front foot they added another eight inches to
his height. His hands were encased in rubber mittens and his arms had been
secured in a backprayer between his shoulder blades, held in place by a
deceptively small leather harness around his upper body. Apart from this he
wore only a collar and a jaw-wrenching ball-gag. Tucking him in for the night
meant that he had had a dildo pole forced up his ass and his legs tied to the
pole so he couldn�t move. His head was sealed inside a thick, black rubber hood
and just to make sure that he couldn�t fall, a chain coming down from the ceiling,
was secured to his upper-body harness. When he wasn�t being trained of groomed
this was the position he spent all his time in.

His training was complete and he was just waiting for his new mistress to pick
him up, something he of course was completely oblivious to. Amanda had made
damn sure that the creep thought only about behaving as he had been trained.
The pony�s training had been somewhat special since the mistress who had
ordered him wanted to fuck her pony regularly. He had been chosen for his large
cock and a large part of his training, once the most basic pony-stuff had been
beaten into him, had been concentrated on his member. He had been trained to
cum on command - and only on command. The command that had to be given for him
to cum was: �You may cum, you worthless animal. Cum for me, creep.� Through
long and painful training Amanda had conditioned him so well that he could only
cum when given this command. If the words were in the wrong order or just a
single one was missing, nothing happened. His cock could be manipulated by the
best hands, the best mouth, the best pussy or the best ass, but if those words
were not uttered, he wasn�t able to cum.
When Amanda had completed his training she had wanted to make sure that his
conditioning worked as well as she intended, so she had devised a little test.
As he stood in his tucked-in position, but without the hood so Amanda could see
his reaction, she had first made him very hard. As he moved towards climax, she
had simply kept up her manipulation of his cock, watching as he grew ever
redder in the face and his breathing became ragged and uneven, moaning and
groaning as he thought he was going to cum. After half-an-hour of moaning and
still no orgasm the pony was desperate. Amanda then left him hanging only to
return a short while later with a special sleeve she slipped over his cock. It
was specially designed to make pulsing movements and generally worked like an
exceptionally good hand-job. Most slaves fitted with one came with ten minutes
or less. It had a tiny opening at the tip to which Amanda taped a small plastic
bag, so that she could collect any semen that might come from an orgasm. When
she turned it on, the pony was instantly returned to his state of frustration,
constantly fucking but unable to cum. Then she left him.
When she returned two hours later the pony was desperate. Seeing Amanda made
him scream pleas into his gag, imploring his Mistress to let him cum. Amanda
merely checked that he hadn�t cum, which of course he hadn�t, and left him alone
again. She returned three hours later and found him in the same state of
desperation. The conditioning obviously worked. He had been screwing for more
than five and half-hours without cuming and without loosing any of his
hardness. Her training was a success; he couldn�t cum without the
command.
Amanda could easily have either stopped the test there or let him cum, and
still be called very thorough. But of course Amanda was both exceptionally
thorough and an exceptionally cruel mistress. So while the sleeve still did its
work, she removed his gag and gave him water. The pony was well trained enough
to not speak actual words while his mistress watered him, but his horse-like
sounds were pitiful and imploring. Amanda paid no heed and when she had given him
water, she simply gagged him again and left him to stew, the sleeve still
pulsing. 
She left the pony early in the afternoon and returned late in the next morning,
slightly less than twenty hours later. To her satisfaction he had still not cum
and his cock was hard as ever. The pony had gone way beyond desperation. His
eyes were now rolled back into his head and from his throat came a constant
high-pitched keening on pure desperation. Almost all of the muscles in his body
trembled from exhaustion and unfulfilled need and he only responded very slowly
to her voice, reacting with an intensified screaming when she greeted him.

Amanda didn�t really want to let him cum, thinking it much better that he
suffer from the worst case of blue balls in the history of mankind, but she had
her customer to think about. The woman had required that he actually be able to
cum no matter what, so she had to test it. The pony had been having sex for
almost twenty-six hours straight without cuming when Amanda said the magic words:
�You may cum, you worthless animal. Cum for me, creep.� The effect on the
barely conscious creature made Amanda change her mind; this was much better
than keeping him unfulfilled. He came with a scream that was extremely loud
considering that he was gagged. All the muscles in his body tensed and
strained, his eyes standing out and all the muscles in his neck made it look
like his head was going to explode. The amount of cum shooting out of his cock
was truly staggering, filling up the bag in no time only to shoot the bag free
of the sleeve as the pressure became too high. And still cum kept shooting out
of him. The reason Amanda thought that this was better than the blue balls
(which he would suffer from no matter what), was that it was clear that his orgasm
was far from pleasurable. In fact he looked and sounded like he was being
tortured intensely, his whole body in agony. It was most satisfying to watch
and it went on for several minutes, until he was finally spent.
Amanda had spent a great deal of energy on the pony and had fixed a very good
price, so she wanted to look after her investment. She removed the pony�s gag
and gave the barely conscious beast food and water while he moaned with pain.
Then, to make sure that he could perform as promised, she switched the sleeve
on again, watching him grow hard in seconds as he began crying. Once again the
pony was having sex of sort and once again he couldn�t cum. She left him like
that for another ten hours before finally turning the sleeve off, this time without
allowing him to cum, and left.

That had been last weekend and the mistress who was buying him had been
scheduled to come and pick up her property this weekend. Unfortunately she had
been held up on a business trip and so Amanda and Christina could use him as
they saw fit. When they entered the stable and the pony spotted Amanda he began
trembling all over. Since Amanda had already had a fuck, even if it was only
the disgusting little pig Justin, she let Christina go first. Just by running
her finger down the pony�s cock a single time she made him hard and that
accomplished, she simply climbed onto his cock, clasping her legs around him as
she fucked him for all she was worth. She could get off; she could play with
the accessible parts of him and do just as she pleased without fear of the
shithead cuming and getting soft. The pony was simply a long and hard
masturbation aid that she could torment while she got off.

When Christina had finished playing with him, it was Amanda�s turn to play with
the stupid beast. Amanda used two boxes to stand on so that she could have him
slide in and out as she pleased while having better use of her hands. To the
sound of the pony�s increasingly frustrated moaning, she brought her self to a
series of fabulous orgasms thinking about how they had broken and transformed
that creep Justin. During on of the orgasms, she pinched the pony�s nose shut,
cutting off his breathing had then benefited from his increased struggling as
she got her rocks off.
When they had both had their fill, they left the pony, his cock still at full
mast, twitching for attention that would not be given.

After a brilliant weekend of torture and sex, Amanda and Christina returned to
school the following Monday. The two very satisfied girls went to classes with
renewed energy. There really was nothing like torturing a slave shit or two to
pick up your spirits.
Quite a few people commented on how much of a success Amanda�s party had been
and a few had even noticed that Justin had not been seen since. Few seemed to
think it out of order that he hadn�t been seen since; all expected him to turn
up soon. Seemingly no one had noticed that he had been with Amanda.

As it turned out one student had seen Amanda playing with Justin. 

On Thursday as the girls, dressed to kill, walked down a hallway to lusty and
scandalized looks from both students and teachers alike. Christina had her
jet-black hair in a top ponytail, and wore a black tanktop that only just
covered her chest.&nbsp;&nbsp; If the fact that it was ultra short didn�t
attract everyone�s attention, the words �The Tittie Zone� on it did.&nbsp; But
her it didn�t stop there.&nbsp; She also wore the smallest denim mini skirt she
had been able to find. When she bent over, which she did every time she had the
chance to tease someone, male or female, her sexy ass was almost completely
exposed.&nbsp; Already one boy had already fallen down a flight of stairs and a
beautiful girl had stopped dead cold and stared at her in one of the restrooms,
spilling water down her front as she tried to wash her hands while ogling
Christina. To finish off her outfit she wore furry boots and what looked like
fishnet bicycle gloves.

Not to be outdone, Amanda dressed just jaw-droppingly sexy as Christina.&nbsp;
Her outfit consisted of a hot pink blouse and a blue denim skirt just a tad
longer then Christina�s.&nbsp; She wore white stockings reaching just above the
knee, and black saddle shoes finished her outfit. Boys in the hallways got hard
cocks hard instantly and more than a few had already hidden their crotches with
bags and such. Christina may have caused a guy to fall down a flight of stairs,
but Amanda had caused a full-blown car crash, albeit at low speed. Two drivers
in the parking lot had crashed frontally while staring at her as she walked
into the building. While other people ran to their aid, Amanda had laughed and
run her hand seemingly accidentally across the crotch of a stud in the doorway.
The guy had stopped instantly, all his attention now diverted to his
monumentally hard cock. Amanda didn�t even glance back over her shoulder as she
entertained a pleasant fantasy about whipping his genitals until they bled as
he made him beg her to be allowed to eat her shit.

They were approached by Mrs. Morgan, the principal. First she bitched
discretely about their clothes: �I�ve warned you before girls, especially you
Amanda, that you are dressed far too provocatively for school standards. This
is your second warning girls. Poor Mr. Rogers was nearly drooling when he left
the two of you this morning.� Looking appropriately contrite both Amanda and
Christina promised to behave better in the future; to dress differently. And at
least Amanda meant it. She had another outfit ready with even more skin
showing. How could they complain? It was different.
Then Mrs. Morgan changed the subject: �I heard you had a party that�����������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������
Justin attended this Saturday?� Amanda nodded, that indeed she had had a
party. Mrs. Morgan continued: �Do you know where is now? Nobody seems to have
seen him since that party.� Amanda looked very worried as she answered: �No
Mrs. Morgan, we haven�t seen him. I remember seeing him at the party, but I
didn�t talk to him and I didn�t see him leave.� Mrs. Morgan nodded and thanked
them before she left. When she was out of earshot Christina remarked: �Damn
girl, you are one fine liar.� Amanda smiled broadly as she looked at her friend
and said: �Why my dear friend, I am sure that I have no idea what you are talking
about.� Then they burst out laughing.
Their laughter did not last long, as a voice could be heard behind them: �You
are a lying bitch Amanda. I saw you playing with Justin, practically giving him
a handjob at the party, you lying slut.� Amanda spun around to see Lauren
standing right behind her with a look of triumph on her face as she continued:
�I don�t know what you did to him, but I�m going to make sure that everyone
knows that it was you who saw him last.� 
Lauren was a very pretty girl and she threatened Amanda a little.&nbsp; She had
bleached blonde hair that reached just past her shoulders and had gorgeous gray
eyes.&nbsp; She was about the same size as Christina and very fit.&nbsp; She
was also the head of the cheerleading squad, something which annoyed Amanda quite
a bit.

Amanda immediately chose the offensive: &quot;Oh sweet, precious Lauren.&nbsp;
Was somebody perhaps a tad wasted at my poor little party?&nbsp; You may think
that you saw me with him, but it�s all in your tiny, little mind.&nbsp; Your
pretty face was in the toilet for so much that night.&nbsp; You were so drunk
that it�s a fucking miracle you�re still able to stand straight, that�s what
you were sweetie. You saw nothing.&nbsp; Everybody there knows you were
wasted.&quot;&nbsp; Lauren seemed a little intimidated by this, but she still had
some steam left: &quot;That�s it I�m telling Miss Morgan you lied to
her.&quot;� 
She turned to walk away, but before she could Amanda grabbed her by the
arm.&nbsp; &quot;Listen and listen well, bitch.&nbsp; I�m the captain of the
girls soccer seam and a straight A student.&nbsp; If you tell Miss Morgan, I
will just deny it, telling her how drunk you were. And while I�m at it, perhaps
I�ll mention to her that a certain cheerleader captain�s grades have dropped
below average.&quot; Amanda�s voice was quite stern as she locked eyes with Lauren.&nbsp;
&quot;Remember; I�ve got one on you, bimbo.&quot; She let go of Lauren�s arm,
the other girl stepping away with a scared look on her face. Lauren glared at
Amanda, hardly taking her eyes off her as she walked to her class.

The confrontation made Amanda loose her appetite and she went outside together
with Christina.&nbsp;The two girls stood in the stands watching the guy�s phys
ed class.&nbsp; The guys became such clumsy fools as they stared at the two
dazzling beauties in the stands.

&quot;Think she knows?&quot; Amanda asked Christina a little uncertainly.&nbsp;
&quot;Nah, don�t worry about it.&nbsp; There was so much alcohol at that party
that nobody will remember what happened.&nbsp; If she does speak up, I�m sure
no one else can. Most likely they�ll say that she�s mistaking you for Michelle,
whom everybody remembers from that party.&nbsp;Just relax.&quot; Christina
replied putting an arm around Amanda.&nbsp; &quot;You�re right,� Amanda said
with a wicked smile. �Now let�s tease these pervs.&quot; Then both girls
uncrossed their legs, watching the guys become fools as they tried to play
football while catching a glimpse of the two sexpots.

The rest of the week flew by incredibly fast and before the girls could blink
it was Friday.&nbsp; They were only waiting for the class to end so they could
get to the very last class before the weekend began. This weekend was going to
be just as great as the last one, with plenty of new torture planned for
Justin, or Piggy as Amanda had begun thinking of him. It was going to be
fantastic; a whole weekend of sport together with Christina. Amanda thought
that nothing could go ruin the day. However, Amanda did not know that fate was
about to throw her a curve. 

The bell rang signaling the end of class, giving them 2 minutes to change
classes.&nbsp; Amanda sprang out of her seat and headed out of the room as fast
as she could.� She moved a little too
quickly and didn�t notice that an envelope fell out of her bag.

Lauren was the last to leave and the only one to see the envelope.&nbsp;
&quot;What�s this,&quot; she thought as she picked it up. Being a truly nosy
bitch she began to open it.&nbsp; The envelope contained a handful of the best
pictures of last weekend�s sport; pictures which Amanda had been meaning to
give Christina as a present. Christina had taken most of them as Amanda did
most of the torturing, but Amanda had had hard copies made for her friend.

The first picture was one of Justin lying bound in the trunk of Amanda�s car,
Amanda�s dirty underwear stuffed into his mouth and his scrotum stretched to
the max by the string attached to the lid of the car.
The second picture was of Justin strapped to the steel table, the third of him
screaming while his feet were being broken and the fourth was of him screaming
while his legs were being sealed up. The fifth was by far the best and
momentarily stopped Lauren cold. While she never admitted it to herself, it
turned her on something awful. The picture, taken from the side of the table,
was of Justin, his transformation now complete, still strapped to the table.
Her fabulous legs planted on either side of him, Amanda could be seen sliding
down on his cock with a look of sadistic pleasure on her face. The look on
Justin�s face was one of mindless, incoherent and absolute pleasure in
submission. 
Along with the pictures was a little thank-you note, among other things remarking
how well their plan to abduct the little shit at the party had gone. As she
read it Lauren thought: �Yes! The bitch is mine now.�

At 3:25pm the final bell rang the day out and Amanda and Christina raced to
their lockers.&nbsp; Finally the weekend was here and nothing could stop them
from heading back out to the farm.&nbsp;But just as Amanda reached her locker,
she saw Lauren standing there with a sly grin on her face.&nbsp; &quot;Outta my
way, bitch. I�ve got a hot weekend planned,&quot; Amanda snapped as she opened
her locker.

Smiling Lauren said: &quot;Oh Amanda. You missing something?&quot; She dangled
an envelope in front of her face before turning around. &quot;I�ve got you now
Amanda, now I am going to show these to Miss Morgan,&quot; she laughed.&nbsp;
&quot;Gimme that!&quot; Amanda yelled and attempted to get the envelope from
Lauren.&nbsp; &quot;NEVER!&quot; laughed Lauren as she began walking down the
hallway.&nbsp; 
Thinking fast Amanda blurted out: &quot;I got an email from Paul today. He�s
hitting on me big time.&quot;&nbsp; That stopped Lauren in her tracks.&nbsp;
&quot;What?!&quot; she cried in shock.&nbsp; 
Paul was Lauren�s boyfriend and had disappeared while on vacation a couple of
months ago.&nbsp;&nbsp;Lauren was bewildered and fumbled for words. &quot;You
couldn't of� he�s ...You�re serious!&quot; she finished with an incredulous
look on her face.
&quot;Indeed I am,&quot; Amanda said nodding with mounting self-confidence as
she saw that she was close to getting Lauren in her net. &quot;I�ll make you a
promise,� she continued.&nbsp;�Give me back my photos and I�ll show you the
email Paul sent me, plus I�ll stop messing with him.&quot;&nbsp; Lauren looked
unsure.&nbsp; &quot;I don't know,&quot; she said doubtfully.&nbsp; &quot;He
wrote a little poem for in it. Couldn�t see if it was for you or me,&quot;
Amanda said, knowing that Lauren loved all the beautiful poems Paul wrote for
her, saving and treasuring all of them.&nbsp; The poem did it and Lauren
blurted out: &quot;OK show me the email.&quot; 
Amanda knew that she had to prepare a little something for the slut, so she
stalled for time: &quot;Not now.&nbsp; Come to my place around 6:00pm tonight
and I�ll show it to you.&nbsp; It�s in my mailbox.&nbsp; I will make you a deal
too.&nbsp; Bring the photos with you. If I lie you can show the photos to Miss
Morgan. OK?&quot;&nbsp;Already convinced Lauren said �fine&quot; as she walked
away.

It was a long wait as Christina sat with Amanda in her room.&nbsp; Amanda was
furious with herself for leaving the envelope. She had had make a deal with the
head of the cheerleaders.&nbsp; The one girl she hated and despised the
most.&nbsp;But she had a plan.&nbsp; A plan that would fix Lauren, but
good.&nbsp; Six o�clock finally came around and the doorbell rang.&nbsp;
&quot;OK Chris. Let�s finish this bitch,&quot; Amanda told Christina as they
went downstairs.&nbsp; Christina went out the backdoor and snuck around the
house while Amanda answered the door holding a white envelope.

&quot;Got the photos?� Amanda said as Lauren showed her the photos. &quot;Got
the email?&quot;&nbsp; was Lauren�s reply. Amanda handed Lauren the envelope
and snatched her photos back.&nbsp; Just as Lauren was about to open her
envelope Christina appeared behind her and jabbed her ass with a syringe filled
with a strong sedative.&nbsp;&nbsp;Instantly Lauren cried out. �Hey! What the
hell are you doing bitch?� she said as she turned to confront Christina, who
had an evil smirk on her face. She was just about to begin screaming and
yelling as she realized what was going on, but the sedative beat her to the
punch. As she opened her mouth, she briefly lost her balance and steadied
herself against the doorframe.� She tried
to speak, but all that came out was a low, wordless mumble.
Being very helpful girls, Amanda and Christina grabbed poor Lauren under her
arms and led the mumbling slut to Amanda�s car. �There, there poor little
bimbo,� Amanda began, �Let me take care of you. I promise that you�ll meet
Paul� while getting the biggest surprise of your sorry little life.� They had
reached the car and opened the trunk and Lauren was almost unconscious as they
threw her into the trunk. They secured her in much the same way as Justin had
been secured. The final touch, right before Lauren lost consciousness, was her
gag. Again Amanda had chosen to use a pair of her old, soiled panties, but this
time she had wiped her ass in them also � just to spice things up for Lauren.
The look of disgust on Lauren�s face as she tasted Amanda�s ass just before
passing out was absolutely priceless.

As for Amanda and Christina, they had already packed their things and now
simply got into the car and drove off to the farm. Amanda had planned on
torturing Justin for the whole weekend, but that bitch Lauren had now ruined
that plan. So both Amanda and Christina were determined that Lauren should pay
for what she had done. They had barely left the parking lot before beginning
the planning and by the time they had reached the farm the plans were not only
complete, but they were so good that neither Amanda nor Christina regretted
that they�d effectively miss a day of sport with Justin. Piggy would get what
was coming to him in due time, but before that could happen they were both sure
that the slut would provide many hours of entertainment.

When they opened the trunk, the two yard dogs greeting them with excited
barking, Lauren was still out. Amanda went off to fetch a cart while Christina
took some time to play with the two mindless animals. First she took the male�s
member in her hand, making him hard in seconds and reducing him to a panting
wreck only waiting to cum, the rest of the world a senseless blur. When he was
good and hard, she tied a piece of string around the base of his cock, making
sure that he would stay hard. Then she had the bitch come over. Looking into
the bitch�s eyes Christina could see that she, unlike the male, understood that
this was not the way she was supposed to behave, that her situation was wrong
and twisted. She knew some of what was happening to her, but was unable to
resist her extremely horny dog-like urges due to her long and brutal
conditioning. Christina made the bitch helplessly horny by inserting two
fingers into her pussy and sliding them in and out a few times. Both dogs now
ready to mate Christina had the male mount the bitch from behind, provoking
excited howls of pleasure from them both. But of course the purpose wasn�t for
the beasts to have fun. It was for Christina to have fun. So once the fucking
had started in earnest, Christina took a step back and kicked the male in the
balls � hard. He howled with pain, but with his cock still hard and Christina
stopping him from jumping off the bitch�s back, he had no option but to keep
fucking. Christina then waited for a minute until he had found his rhythm
before kicking him again. When Amanda returned with a cart for the slut in the
trunk, she had kicked him seven times in the balls and they had swelled up to
the size of tennis balls. The bitch was almost oblivious to the torture but the
male was moaning with pain as he kept on fucking her. Christina wouldn�t let
him stop and his cock was still hard, so he just fucked on no matter how
painful it was.

With Amanda there Christina didn�t have time to carry on with the game,
variations of which she had played many times with these two, and she finished
by removing the string from around the male�s cock and kicking him again. This
time he was unable to remain hard and to the bitch�s disappointed howls he slid
to the ground moaning with pain, his cock limp and his balls still
swelling.

Seeing this Amanda laughed before both turned their attention to Lauren. They
untied her and lifted her lifeless form onto the cart Amanda had brought. Then
they carted her off to one of the many holding facilities and dumped her in a
cage, her gag still in place, before calling it a night.

Morning came and Lauren awoke in a cage.&nbsp; &quot;What the fuck,� she
thought as she saw Amanda and Christina standing over her outside the cage. As
always both were dressed to kill, Amanda in a full-body black leather suit open
at the crotch, matched by black leather boots laced all the way up the knees
and with five-inch heels.&nbsp; Her hands were covered in black rubber gloves
and she sported a wicked bullwhip in her belt, as well as several other
implements of torture. In her hair was a pretty white flower providing a
beautiful and very sexy contrast to her black outfit. Amanda looked both very
pleased and very pissed off and Lauren knew that this couldn�t be good news for
her. 
Christina had chosen a similar outfit to Amanda, only hers was red; red suit,
red boots, red gloves. From her belt hung not a whip, but an evil looking
riding crop. Whereas Amanda looked pissed off as well as pleased, Christina
looked extremely pleased, like a girl looking forward to receiving a nice gift.
Lauren couldn�t quite decide which was boded the worst for her, she just knew
that neither look could mean good things for her.

&quot;Well, you came across our little secret cunt, and we can't have our
secrets exposed and ruined, now can we?&quot; Christina asked the caged girl,
who hadn�t even thought about removing the foul gag in her mouth.&nbsp;�No of
course we can�t, Christina,� Amanda chimed in and turned to Lauren, �and we�ve
got a few surprises for you Lauren.&nbsp; If you cooperate you won�t get hurt,
but if you try to resist you�ll pay for it.&quot;

Amanda then opened the cage, and let out Lauren to stand uneasily in front of
them.&nbsp; &quot;Arms in front, pussy meat,&quot; Amanda snapped.&nbsp;
Lauren�s face instantly turned red and quickly did as she was told.&nbsp; Then
Amanda attached stainless steel shackles to her hands and locked them in
place.&nbsp; While Amanda was locking the shackles, Christina used a pair of
scissors to cut away Lauren�s clothes.&nbsp; The girls laughed as the clothes
fell to the floor, leaving a naked and cringing Lauren exposed in front of her
tormentors.&nbsp;&quot;Oh my god! The filthy cunt smells like a fish
market,&quot; Amanda laughed.&nbsp; This made Christina howl with laughter and
Lauren blush visibly as she tried to shrink away further from the two doms.
Smiling evilly Amanda then grabbed Lauren by the hair and pulled head close.
She laid her hand over Lauren�s gagged mouth and whispered: �You should know,
you air-headed slut, that I�ve wiped my ass in the panties in your mouth �
before pissing on them. Hope you enjoy the taste.� At this Lauren began screaming
and struggling to get the dirty panties out, but of course Amanda effectively
prevented that with her hand.� Lauren�s
struggles continued until Christina began whipping her ass, shouting at her
that if she resisted anymore she�d be whipped to shreds. Finally Lauren, now
crying with humiliation gave up the fight and allowed herself to be led away by
Amanda and Christina, her disgusting gag still in place.

The two girls led Lauren outside briefly only to head into a barn.&nbsp; They
attached the shackles to a chain and used a winch to pull Lauren�s arms up over
head until she stood on the tips of her toes. Christina smiled broadly at
Amanda.&nbsp; &quot;Shall we?&quot;&nbsp;she asked Amanda, who replied with an
equally broad smile:&nbsp;&quot;Indeed we shall my dear.&quot;&nbsp;Christina
hung her riding crop back in her belt and grabbed a bullwhip like
Amanda�s.&nbsp; Then they began whipping the helpless cheerleader, Amanda
striking her back and Christina concentrating her efforts on Lauren�s belly.
Not that it made much difference from which side they struck as the whips
curled around Lauren�s helpless twisting body, but it was easier that way,
giving them more space to swing their respective whips. After a short while
they found their stride, a vicious rhythm of powerful blows covering Lauren�s
screaming and thrashing body with one bloody welt after another.

The pain was unbelievable for Lauren as she twisted in her bonds, screaming so
much that her filthy gag was eventually forced out of her mouth. Not that
Amanda or Christina minded much. It was good to hear the bitch scream. As
Lauren swung from the chain, she tried begging her tormentors to stop, crying
out that they had promised not to hurt her if she cooperated. This only made
Amanda laugh, but she did stop briefly and leaned in to whisper in Lauren�s
ear: �You think this is hurting you? This is barely touching you and we�ve only
just started.� Lauren sobbed at hearing this, but she began screaming when
Amanda continued: �Oh, and I lied about not hurting you. We�re gonna hurt you
plenty.� Then they resumed the whipping.
All too soon Lauren hung limply in her bonds, all screamed out (or so she
thought) with little sport left in her. Of course it was a bit boring whipping
a limp cunt like Lauren, but the whipping had only been intended as a warm-up
to the main attraction so the girls took her down. 

Once she was down Amanda grabbed the chain connecting her hands and used it to
guide the crying cheerleader out of the barn. Amanda and Christina led Lauren
over to the pigpen, so that she could see for herself what went on at the
farm.

The pigpen was a large and muddy fenced-in area. Inside it all the farm�s pigs
were kept, those who had once been human, simply called �pigs�, as well as
those born real pigs, or �naturals� as Amanda called them. At the time there
were about twenty-five pigs at the farm; fifteen naturals and ten pigs. Of the
pigs only two were female and the rest were male. It was somewhat different for
the naturals. There were no sows among them, only boars. The reason was simple:
unlike the pigs they were not there to be tortured or butchered or anything
like that, but to fuck the pigs. The naturals had been selected for their size,
both body and cock, and their insatiable sexual appetite. Furthermore they were
trained to fuck as often and as brutally as possible, and since there were more
naturals than pigs, the pigs rarely had a moment�s peace. They were constantly
being chased by the naturals and fucked brutally.

Lauren had trouble believing what she saw: in the pen nine human beings, bound
in exactly the same way as Justin had been in the pictures she had seen, were
being fucked by real pigs. Most screaming, or rather squealing, with pain and
humiliation, but two of them actually seeming to be enjoying themselves.
Only Justin was not among those being fucked. He was isolated in a little
enclosure at the edge of the pen, waiting for Amanda and Christina to give him
the final treatment before being released to the pen. He stood completely
frozen with terror as he looked at what would happen to him very shortly. The
day they staff at the farm had led him to the pen, he had lost control of both
his bladder and his bowel from pure fear. Seeing Amanda and Christina leading a
pretty, but very badly beaten girl past the pen once again made him loose
bladder control from fear. He knew that Amanda�s presence could only mean pain
and humiliation for him.

Amanda forced Lauren to look at what went on, forced her to see how the
naturals often simply switched places, giving the pigs only seconds to recover
before the next fucking began. Lauren was already terrified when Amanda
whispered sweetly in her ear: �Do you want me to turn you into a pig dear? It
looks like it�s your thing.� Lauren gasped with terror as Amanda continued: �As
you can see they get fucked pretty much all day long. When it�s time to eat the
handlers have to separate the naturals from pigs. Otherwise they wouldn�t get
time to eat. Before we realized that, the first ones nearly starved to death.�
Lauren had begun sobbing loudly, a sound so beautiful to Amanda that she went
on: �Most get fucked up the ass so much that their sphincters are permanently
damaged.� Lauren halted her sobbing, unsure of what �sphincter� meant. So
Amanda clarified: �They can�t hold onto their shit anymore. It simply falls out
of them.� This little piece of information made Lauren cry anew and Amanda and
Christina decided that it was time to move on to the main attraction, but first
Amanda to Lauren: �Now we�d better move on, slut. Looks like the sight of all
those fine pig dicks has made you horny. Filthy pervert!� As Lauren�s face
turned red and she turned it away, Amanda and Christina laughed out loud.

Before taking Lauren to her destination the showed her Justin. He looked
terrified and of course she did too, but she wasn�t shocked anymore, just
horrified.
Their next destination was a grass-covered field surrounded by yet another
fence. Near the edge of the field was a large wooden crate standing on its own.
Amanda and Christina led the surprisingly docile Lauren to the crate and pushed
her down so that she lay on her stomach across the crate. Temporarily releasing
her hands, they secured her to the crate using steel bands, which they fastened
by nailing them to the crate on either side of the arm or leg being secured.
They placed the bands across her wrists and just above her knees and they
fastened them so tightly that Lauren�s hands and legs soon began to turn an
unhealthy shade of blue.

Lauren was nearly paralyzed with fear, but had no clue as to what Amanda had
planned for her. Ever the kind and considerate, Amanda knelt down to explain,
but first she took a magic marker and wrote something across Lauren�s forehead,
holding her tightly by her hair. The she spoke: �I know that a slut like you
just loves to get a big, hard cock hammered up her snatch. Everyone knows that
you are just a completely shameless cock-hound.� Amanda smiled sweetly and
paused briefly before continuing: �So being a nice person I�ve arranged for you
to get plenty of nice hard cock. Big cocks, too. Very big.� Lauren looked very
alarmed now so Amanda filled her in: �The words I wrote on your forehead were
�Horse fucker�. And look: Christina�s bringing the first one now.� Eyes wide
Lauren turned her head and saw that Christina was indeed bringing a very large
stallion. And judging from the thing showing clearly between its legs, it was
looking forward to meeting Lauren, as if it knew just what a slut she was. When
Lauren saw its cock she screamed. Easily as thick and long as a body-builder�s
arm, she was sure that it would kill her. Amanda thought that watching Lauren
getting screwed by the horses (more were lined up) was going to be great
fun.

To make sure that Lauren wasn�t thrown around as the horse pounded her, Amanda
and Christina had filled the crate up with sacks of cement. So now, as the
horse entered the screaming Lauren, the crate and Lauren didn�t move an inch,
thus making sure that Lauren took all of it up her cunt. Lauren�s screams were
very loud and most satisfying as the stallions forced its way in, but as it
filled her up her screams turned to first to moans, then to gasping as her face
contorted in nearly silent agony.
Amanda didn�t want to miss a thing so she had placed a camcorder on a tripod,
recording everything that happened to Lauren. Meanwhile Christina was taking
one photograph after another, so Amanda didn�t really have anything to do. But
of course the situation was intensely arousing so Amanda�s hands soon found
their way to her crotch and her breasts. Soon her index finger was up her pussy
while her thumb rubbed her clit. Her other hand had slipped inside her leather
outfit and was playing with her breasts. Watching Lauren being fucked by the
big horse got her off long before the horse came, shooting a load so big that it
sprayed out around its cock while it was still inside Lauren.

As the horse withdrew Lauren again able to breathe normally and she promptly
started to scream, only this time her screams were weaker.

After only a few minutes Christina brought the second stallion, sending Lauren
into a bout of begging and crying, to which Amanda paid absolutely no heed.
This one was just as big as the first one and soon all that could be heard were
the sounds of Lauren�s gasping, the clicks from Christina�s camera and the soft
sound of Amanda�s moaning as she came again.

This one shot almost as much cum up Lauren as the first one and it withdrew
with a wet, slurping �pop� to accompany Lauren�s weak screams. This time Lauren
was allowed almost five minutes of rest as Christina, humming a happy tune,
brought the next horse, a stallion with a cock so big that even Amanda had to
look twice. Lauren still tried to plead for Amanda to stop, but Amanda just
laughed in her face. It was clear that the fuckings were damaging Lauren badly,
which was just as Amanda had planned it.

The third horse fucking was even more brutal than the previous two and damaged
Lauren just as much as it got Amanda off. By now Christina had put down her
camera and the two girls were kissing and caressing each other as they watched
Lauren being fucked by the huge stallion. 

After a while Amanda and Christina returned their full attention to Lauren.
Lauren was in very bad shape and she didn�t scream anymore. Amanda and
Christina, however, had a few more things they wanted to subject the slut to.
Christina checked that the camcorder was still working properly and the picked
up her camera. Amanda went around to face Lauren and said: �You have a chance
to get out of this if you perform well in your next task, understood?� This
wasn�t true, but then the slut didn�t deserve any better. Lauren nodded eagerly
and waited for Amanda�s command. �I want a good, long and very, very thorough
rim-job form you, my little bitch.� Amanda said, �And it had better be the best
rim-job ever given if you are to get out of this. Get it?� By the horrified
look on Lauren�s face she did indeed understand, but the prospect clearly
sickened her. Nonetheless she nodded her agreement and stuck her tongue out a
tiny bit. This made Amanda laugh out loud as she turned around and stuck her
ass into Lauren�s face, her buttocks flatteringly exposed through an opening in
her black leather outfit.

A small hopeless whine escaped Lauren before Amanda pushed her gorgeous ass
into her face and Lauren�s work began. As expected it was disgusting and at
first she moved her tongue very hesitantly. Then she remembered that Amanda had
said that she might be let go if she did a proper job. Her tongue began licking
Amanda�s ass properly, moving back and forth, and finding all the cracks.
Amanda had to admit that the bitch was surprisingly good at it and she was soon
turned on something awful, both by the rim-job itself but of course also by the
wonderful feeling of control over the stupid, meddling slut, the feeling of
giving her what she deserved.
Amanda began touching herself, closing her eyes and throwing back her head as
her arousal mounted. Christina, meanwhile, was taking pictures of the scene:
Lauren�s face buried in Amanda�s ass and Amanda who was moaning ever louder as
she got off. Christina was secretly surprised at the speed and dexterity of
Amanda�s hands and fingers, moving on autopilot and bringing her from one
loudly moaned orgasm after another. Christina knew that the pictures were going
to be great, as were all her pictures of Amanda. She now only needed some where
Amanda was tied up, perhaps with a nice, red ass too.

Looking up from the camera Christina saw that Amanda had pulled her ass away
from Lauren�s face. While Amanda had a wide, relaxed and satisfied smile on her
face, Lauren�s was filled with humiliated hope. Leaving Lauren with her false
hope, Amanda and Christina walked away only to come back soon after. They came
from behind, so that Lauren could not see them and Amanda left Christina to
hold the two horses they had brought as she went around to Lauren�s face. She
looked the very worn horse fucker in the face and said: �Remember how you were
wondering what had happened to your boyfriend Paul and how I said I knew
something? Well, I know exactly where he is.� Amanda signaled to Christina who
sent one of her horses running around to Amanda�s side.

The pony that ran to Amanda�s side was Paul, Lauren�s former boyfriend. He had
never gone on any trip, at least not on a very long trip. He had simply and
very ill advised, fallen for a very sexily delivered invitation from Christina
who had gotten a request for a guy like Paul. Drugging the big oaf had been
very easy and turning the asshole into a pony had been almost too easy. A lot
of pain and a few select orgasms and he was completely docile, breaking with
almost absurd ease. 
He no longer had any arms and his feet were permanently trapped in black
plastic boots, ending with real horseshoes that forced him to walk on the tips
of his toes. Around his neck was a high neck corset forcing him to look
straight ahead and his mouth was shut by a huge, black ball placed on a rod,
which in turn was connected to whatever reins that might control him. His hair
had been cut in a Mohawk and braided like a show horse�s mane. His training was
complete and in a few days his new owner was coming to get him. It was going to
be rude and most unpleasant shock for the poor guy. Paul had never had any
homosexual fantasies he could remember and after being trained by Christina he
was hopelessly in love with her and the extremely rare touch of her rubber-clad
hands made him wail with joy. But the man who had ordered him, had ordered the
specifics of his transformation, including the fact that Paul did not have even
the slightest homosexual tendencies, was an extremely brutal gay. Christina
knew that Paul would spend the rest of his life being fucked at both ends by
other men. This naturally meant that his teeth had been removed, but what did
Christina care?

As for now Paul clearly recognized Lauren, but obviously only had eyes for his
mistress, his cock already embarrassingly hard. As for Lauren she too had
recognized Paul and she now used her last strength to yell at Amanda: �You
bitch! You evil cunt! I�m going to fucking kill you!� Amanda merely smiled and
grabbed Lauren�s hair with one hand and said: �No you�re not, you stupid cunt,
but I promise you that this is the end of you.� Then, with two quick pulls, she
ripped out Lauren�s earrings, causing a surprising amount of blood to course
down Lauren�s neck. Lauren opened her mouth to scream, but Christina had been
busy and positioned Paul on his knees so that the second she opened her mouth
his needy member was shoved down her throat. With a look of pure and ignorant
bliss Paul began fucking his former girlfriends face, while casting loving
looks at his cruel mistress. She in turn carefully bent his upper body forward
so that he now lay in over Lauren�s back. It wasn�t a very comfortable position
and fucking Lauren was very hard, but Paul was very needy and besides, it was
the only way in which there was room for the horse fucking Lauren�s other end.
This one had the biggest cock yet, the size of which Amanda frankly had trouble
believing. Where did Christina find these animals?

The fucking was clearly killing Lauren, just as Amanda had intended. Lauren�s
eyes were huge and disbelieving, but no sound came as the mindlessly fucking
Paul filled her throat. Eventually, after several minutes of intense fucking
and desperate struggles to breathe, her breath being hindered both by the cock
in her throat and the one pressing against her lungs from behind, Lauren�s eyes
rolled back and her body spasmed weakly a few times before going limp. The
spasms sent both the horse and the pony over the edge and with each a different
groan they shot their loads into the dead cheerleader. The force of Paul�s
orgasm was such that his cum actually sprayed out Lauren�s nostrils, something
both Amanda and Christina could have sworn was impossible. 

As the horse withdrew Paul remained slumped over the body of his dead
girlfriend, a look of bliss on his face. On Christina�s command he got to his
feet and high-stepped over to his mistress. Amanda had one more piece of
business with Lauren. She walked over to the dead slut, cum and blood leaking
from both her ends, and cut off all the hair on her head. �A little trophy. Now
I have the �head� of the cheerleading squad,� she said to Christina�s chuckles.
With that Amanda was done with Lauren and simply left her in the field, her
limp form still secured to the crate. The farm hands would take care of her
soon enough. Putting the hair in a zip-lock bag, Amanda hurried to catch up
with Christina, who was leading Paul to the stable, where they tied him up and stowed
him in a box to be shipped to his new owner when morning came.

Amanda woke up the next morning feeling fantastic. She had slept very well
indeed and now she and Christina were going to have a great time torturing
Justin. It looked like it was going to be another fine day. 

Amanda had chosen their outfits for the day�s activities and she though that
she had chosen extremely well. Both girls wore black cowboy boots with pointy,
steel capped toes and high, chunky heels, also equipped with steel caps. Both
wore absolutely tiny cut-off jeans; shorts that were so small they could almost
qualify as sturdy G-strings. Amanda looked at Christina�s perfect ass, the
globes of which were clearly exposed and knew that her own equally gorgeous ass
was similarly exposed. Reinforcing the cowgirl look both wore chaps covering
their thighs and lower legs in tight cowhide, still bearing the original black
and white markings. For tops Amanda had chosen simple bras. Or maybe not so
simple. Christina�s was an obviously expensive black, silk bra holding her
breast to her definite advantage. As for herself, Amanda had chosen a more
daring thing; tinny triangles of black leather covered her nipples, if not much
else. They were, rather needlessly one could say, held in place by thin leather
straps and served mostly to accentuate Amanda�s perfect breasts.
The crowning touches were of course cowboy hats, leather gloves and whips to
match. Justin was going to have a very hard time.

Justin was still sequestered in his very own little pigpen right next to the
large pen where all the other piggies ran around. The naturals had noticed his
presence and since they, unlike the pigs, were intelligent animals, they knew
that he would soon be theirs for the taking. One huge boar in particular seemed
to be casting him dirty looks, something that terrified Justin.
But for now this was forgotten as Amanda and Christina turned up at his
enclosure. They had brought a lot of gear, something that couldn�t be good for
Justin, but he hardly noticed. In spite of the fact that Amanda had hurt him
worse than anyone had ever done before or was ever likely to do, he couldn�t
help but find her devastatingly sexy. As she and her equally sexy friend turned
up in their cowgirl outfits Justin felt how his cock tried desperately to get
hard, only to be reined in by the pain from his brutal chastity device. In the
days since his enslavement this was what had caused him the most grief. He woke
up at night after some wet dream about Amanda sliding down hos shaft, the pain
in his member a brutal reminder of his new status.

Now he watched them set up their gear with real trepidation. The most
conspicuous item was a large grill, which the girls immediately lit. After
starting the fire they put what could only be a branding iron into the grill.
Then they picked up a collection of sturdy straps and turned their attention to
Justin, who looked very scared.

Smiling wickedly Amanda approached Justin and said: �It�s time you took your
place among the other little piggies in the pen, don�t you think?� The only
reply Justin could deliver was of course a squeal, so Amanda continued: �But
before you can assume your position in the pen there are a few things we need
to do; small, necessary preparations. Painful for you yes, but most pleasurable
for us. And after all you don�t matter, now do you piggy?� To this Justin could
only squeal pathetically, making the cruel cowgirls snicker. After a laugh they
went to work. The pen Justin was held in was quite small and it was very easy
to tie his arms and legs, still folded of course, to the sides of the pen.
Amanda and Christina tied his limbs so wide that spreading them any wider would
result in Justin being forced to lie on his stomach.

Since the branding iron wasn�t hot enough yet, the girls began elsewhere. First
they put a broad and surprisingly thick collar around his neck. Showing him a
remote control they demonstrated its function at once. The collar was a shock
collar and when the remote was pressed Justin was sent into silent spasms of
pain. It wasn�t until the current stopped that he was able to squeal in pain.
Amanda and Christina tested it a few times before moving on to the next thing.
This was also a shock collar, only much smaller but with a bigger effect.
Amanda, carefully wrapping it around Justin�s scrotum, put the little shock
collar in place. Justin, who could not see what Amanda was doing but merely
felt her skilled fingers on his genitals, emitted a small, disappointed squeal
as she removed her hands and then got a very nasty surprise when she tested the
device. The pain was terrible, as was his complete loss of bladder control. He
wowed that he would do anything to avoid being shocked there again, which was a
futile thought since Amanda would gladly shock him just for fun.

It was almost time for the main attraction now and Christina had decided that
she would literally ride it out while Amanda did the actual branding. Christina
jumped onto Justin�s back, straddling him while grabbing his head with both
hands, her fingers holding on to the sides of his forcibly open mouth. As she
put her weight on him his limbs collapsed under him and he landed on his belly.
Seeing this Amanda tightened the straps and then went to fetch the branding
iron. She took the red-hot iron from the coals and looked at it. When pressed
against Justin�s flesh it would leave a mark with the words �A�s pet�. Granted,
it was a rather large brand, but then again Amanda�s concern was not for
Justin�s well being.
As she turned around she saw that not only was Christina getting into it,
taunting Justin as she rode his back, going nowhere, but Justin seemed to be
trying to get something out of it too. Absurdly the pig was actually trying to
hump the mud he lay in. Much to Amanda and Christina�s amusement his hips were
doing little thrusting movements as if he was actually fucking the mud. �Trying
to get laid piggy?� Amanda asked him tauntingly. Then she pressed the red-hot
iron against his right but-cheek. The result was most satisfying. Justin
screamed louder than Amanda would have thought possible in his squealing pig
voice. He thrashed and bucked beneath Christina, but didn�t have nearly enough
freedom or strength to throw her off. Amanda kept up the pressure for a long,
enjoying the sounds from Justin and from the branding iron sizzling against the
little pig flesh. She could also smell his skin burning, a smell not unlike
frying bacon.

When she finally removed the branding iron the letters were imprinted indelibly
on Justin�s skin. Justin still thrashed a little and his screaming had not yet
diminished. Amanda put the iron back on the grill and made sure that the
camcorder she had set up before the branding began still worked properly. The
recording had gone perfectly. In the background she could hear Justin�s
squealing fading. After a few minutes of waiting she checked back on the iron.
It was red-hot again and it was time for Justin�s other cheek. Incredibly he
had resumed his mud humping, something that made both girls giggle. Again she
caught him completely by surprise and again evoking a lot of fine squealing and
thrashing. It really was most satisfying to watch the creep scream and
buck.

Finally he had calmed down and it was time to introduce him to his new
lifestyle. Removing the straps holding him, they helped him stand again. His
limbs were shaky and he was sobbing but through the mud a drop of pre-cum could
be seen on his cock, proof that he really had been enjoying at least
Christina�s riding him. Christina now opened the gate leading to the pigpen and
then she showed him the way. At first he wouldn�t go. He may have been badly
shaken and in a lot of pain from the branding, but he still feared what would
happen in the pigpen. Already the naturals were looking hungrily at him.
Looking back over his shoulder he signaled his refusal to go, but of course
Amanda would have none of it. She used his newly installed shock collars three
times to insure his obedience. First a shock to his balls, then one to his
throat and finally a very long one for his balls again. Justin flew out of the
pen, determined not to disobey his mistress again. As the gate closed behind
him, he got the first taste of his new life. The biggest boar in the pigpen was
waiting for him and it clearly knew what it wanted: Justin�s virgin ass. Justin
tried to escape, to run, to turn away, to fight but nothing helped. Soon the
huge pig was fucking him, taking him up the ass. It was very painful and more
than a little humiliating, especially since he could see Amanda and Christina
standing outside the pen, pointing fingers and laughing at him.

Amanda and Christina really were having a good time watching him getting
brutally fucked by the biggest pig in the pen. It was almost as amusing to see
that a line of sorts was forming, boars who wanted a piece of the action. It
was almost too much. Already Christina�s hands were finding all the right
places on her body her she was trying desperately to do the same for Christina.
�Come,� Christina whispered in Amanda�s ear as she took her hand, �we need somewhere
private.� With that they left Justin to get acquainted with his new
friends.

When Amanda and Christina left the farm that night so that they could be in
school the next day, they passed by the pigpen to pick up their camcorder and
to see how Justin was doing. Not surprisingly he was still being fucked and
when he saw the girls he started to squeal louder, as if to appeal for help.
This inspired a new round of pointing and laughing, but no reprieve. The girls
simply got in Amanda�s car and drove off as yet another huge pig cock entered
Justin.

Back at school the Amanda settled into a new routine. Every other day she would
drive out to the farm to check on Justin and to train him, making him more and
more pig-like for every time she saw him. 

As for Christina, she had several new projects. The first was the ensnaring of
a very small and timid chemistry major. Soon he would be reduced to a sexy
shemale maid to serve a very demanding lady, but so far he just thought that he
was incredibly lucky that Christina had kissed him twice. He had no suspicions
regarding the weekend trip she had just proposed. Actually Christina suspected
that he might enjoy slavery quite a bit. Having grabbed more than a few by now
she knew what to look for and this would most probably love slavery � after
proper training of course.
Her other project was Professor Atherton. She had proven to be a repressed
lesbian, just as Amanda had predicted and she was taking to the lash quite
nicely too. When Christina�s whip found her ample ass, she moaned with passion.
Just how she was going to exploit the fact that one of the faculty was calling
her �mistress� she didn�t know yet, but she was quite sure that her grades in
Professor Atherton�s calls were going to be remarkable no matter what she
did.

Amanda�s training of Justin was predictably brutal, reducing him more and more
every time she visited him. She would call him into the little side pen so that
she could have him undisturbed by the pigs that wanted to fuck him. At first he
had been reluctant to come, knowing that whatever she wanted to do to him it
couldn�t be pleasant. Quick and brutal use of the shock collars had cured him
of the delusion that he had a choice in the matter.

Once in the side pen Amanda tied him, securing his limbs so that he couldn�t
move around. Making him more pig-like meant reducing his intelligence. She did
this in three ways. The first and least satisfying way was to inject him with
substances that gradually made him dumber and dumber. This caused him no pain
or even substantial discomfort, so she didn�t employ that very often. Justin
might have disagreed on whether or not it caused him discomfort as it made him
extremely nauseous, but his opinion didn�t count. 
The second way of making him dumber was breathplay. Amanda just loved to seal
Justin�s head inside a plastic bag and watch him grow more and more desperate,
thrashing and convulsing until he finally passed out. This method required a
long time to work properly, but it could be combined with so many other forms
of torture, among them playing with his cock, temporarily freed, without
letting him cum of course, and was Amanda�s preferred method. The fact that
getting his chastity device on and off was extremely painful and usually
required several tries due to the rods piercing his cock didn�t make it any
less fun for Amanda, although the same could not be said for Justin.

The third and final way of dumbing Justin down used the same chemicals as the
first method, but the method of delivery was far more satisfying. It also
demanded more of the setup, which was why Amanda skipped it when she was in a
hurry. First she had to secure Justin so that he was completely unable to move;
his head fixed in a position where he looked down. Then she took the syringe
and injected the substance directly into his brain. It wasn�t so much the pain,
because it only hurt as the needle broke the skin, but this was Justin�s least
preferred way of being dumbed down. Here he knew exactly what was going on; he
could feel it as it progressed. First a lot of his muscles would spasm at
random after which he would invariably loose both bladder and bowel control.
This was followed by an extremely unpleasant sensation of pressure inside his
head as the liquid was injected. Finally there was a period of jumbled and
disjointed thoughts where he hardly knew where or who he was. When it subsided
he felt as he had before, only he knew that he had become less intelligent in a
single stroke. It was extremely demeaning and he could do nothing about it.

Amanda of course enjoyed these sessions a great deal, getting off as she
watched the pig spasm, either from lack of air or from the substance damaging
his brain. Often she would come directly from school or soccer practice,
sometimes still in her soccer outfit, complete with soccer shoes, which were of
course specifically designed to kick as hard and precise as possibly � a fact
that Justin and especially his balls had felt with regret.

Amanda had many hours of sport with Justin, who gradually became more and more
of a pig. He began to enjoy the fuckings from the boars and in time this
damaged his ass. After several months of near-constant ass fucking, Justin�s
sphincter gave up and he was no longer able to hold his shit. By then it didn�t
bother him too much. He was very nearly a pig through and through, only just
able to recognize that what was happening to him was wrong. In his diminished
state he had begun loving Amanda even more. It was a strange turn even for
Amanda, but she supposed it had something to do with the fact that he enjoyed
her attention, paradoxically enough also the hours spent teasing his cock
without letting him cum, which was something very different from the
ever-present attention of the large pigs.

Torturing a dumb animal was no fun, so Amanda planned the final stage of
Justin�s degradation, which would take place while he was still intelligent
enough to be humiliated. She told Christina about the plan and she
enthusiastically agreed. They had a small group of close friends whom they
thought shared their enthusiasm for sadistic games. At least two of them were
known to dominate their respective boyfriends, so they would take little if any
persuasion. The three others behaved in an appropriately dominant manner and
were sufficiently good friends to be let in on their secret. And if they didn�t
approve Amanda and Christina would simply have a couple of new slaves to sell
in a very short time.

The idea was simple: let Justin be completely humiliated and demeaned by the
laughing presence of girls he had known and who, for all he knew, weren�t in on
his �secret� already. 
The five girls had simply been told that they were going on a trip and that
they were going to get a very pleasant surprise on this trip. This was
something they could not turn down and after an hour�s drive they arrived at
the farm.

All five were shocked when they realized what kind of place it was, the doggies
fucking the courtyard were a dead giveaway, but all thought that it was a great
place. Especially after Amanda and Christina had gone to considerable lengths
to explain that they were not going to be enslaved.

Then Amanda and Christina led the girls to their private quarters on the farm.
Being on a farm required proper attire and Amanda had thoughtfully arranged for
cowgirl outfits for all of them. Soon all were equipped with cowboy boots,
tight-fitting cutoffs, chaps, sexy bras and cowboy hats. The group looked
devastatingly sexy and most ready to do some damage, but of course Amanda and
Christina stood out, Amanda positively glowing with an aura of pure, raw and
undiluted sex.

Amanda carried a bag with some things she planned on using for the final steps
for Justin. None of the girls were going to witness that, but then they would
be having fun with the ponies by then. Why else the cowgirls outfits? Amanda
laughed briefly inwardly as she contemplated the old clich� about how girls
loved ponies and horses. If the guys laughing at that old joke knew why Amanda
and Christina liked ponies they would probably scream with terror. There really
were few things more satisfying than breaking in a new pony, whipping it,
torturing its balls and giving it the precious few orgasms that reduced it to a
completely docile pony-slave, at the same time extremely happy and completely
terrified every time its cruel mistress showed herself. Reducing the men in
that way was one of the most satisfying ways to spend time in Amanda�s humble
opinion.

The group had reached the pigpen and an awed silence had come over them. They
looked in wonder at the piggies being fucked senseless by real pigs, very big
ones too. One of them, a girl Amanda knew whipped her boyfriend without mercy
every chance she got, whispered in a hoarse voice: �Can I get in on this? I�d
love to put Seth in that pen, see the shithead being fucked by that huge pig
over there.� The remarks sparked a whole slew of similar remarks from all the
other girls. Amanda and Christina exchanged a look, knowing that they�d chosen
well. They all wanted to do something similar to their boy- or girlfriends and
all of them knew people that they thought deserved treatment like this.
Then Christina really got them going: �Well, turning them into pigs is all good
of course, but we can also turn them into dogs, ponies or whatever you like.� A
hush fell over the group as they contemplated the possibilities. A girl, whom
Amanda knew had a very strong and athletic girlfriend, rubbed her crotch with a
dreamy look on her face as she contemplated the possibility of turning her
athlete girlfriend into a pony.

�Enough of these wet dreams, � Amanda said, provoking an exchange of guilty
looks from the girls. Smiling she continued: �We have someone we think you
should see, someone you know.� Then she led them to the far edge of the pigpen
where gate led to a smaller side enclosure. Right next to it Justin was being
fucked by one of the boars. When the girls saw him they first stopped cold.
Then they began to laugh and point: �So that�s what happened to the little
shit.� �Look how the piggy�s enjoying it!� �What a disgusting little pervert.�
�No you have it all wrong, he was a pig to begin with. Amanda�s just unleashed
his inner pig!� The comments kept flowing and the group was soon howling with
laughter. In the pen Justin, whose intelligence was not exactly what it used to
be, saw the girls laughing at him. Suddenly the cock in his ass, a thing he had
grown to appreciate, didn�t feel good anymore. Even in his diminished state he
knew they were laughing at him, pointing out that he was somehow perverted. It
was extremely humiliating and it was about to get worse.

When the boar had done its thing Amanda prevented the next one from taking its
place. Then she opened the gate to the other pen ordered Justin in. At first he
didn�t want to go, but Amanda had the remote control to his shock collars and
after a bit of desperate squealing as his balls were given a liberal
application of electric current, provoking a storm of laughter from the crowd,
he ran into the pen for the next part of his degradation. 

As it turned out all of the girls wanted to ride the piggy. When given the
option most wanted very much to use the cattle prod Amanda had helpfully
brought. For Justin this was almost as bad as his extremely painful
transformation or the day he had been branded. Soon he was exhausted from
running around with evil bitches on his back and their collective laughter and
derision made things even worse, getting clearly through to him even in his
present reduced state.

Finally the girls had had enough and Christina led them towards the ponies. She
cast a knowing look back over her shoulder as Amanda stayed behind. She knew
what Amanda had in mind and she wholeheartedly approved. It was time to take
that useless piece of shit the down the last stretch. She also knew that it was
Amanda�s job alone, having selected the worthless asshole and being the one who
despised him the most.

The girls disappeared and Amanda was alone with Justin. Justin was very nearly
spent from the humiliations he had already been subjected to, but he stood
still looking at Amanda with his forcibly open mouth and big anticipatory pig
eyes. Absurdly he still adored her, even after all the pain and humiliation she
had subjected him to. The open adoration and love in the pig�s eyes fueled
Amanda�s desire to hurt the little bastard. 

First she took out her trusty whip and spent a good half-hour chasing the
squealing little shit around the pen. Gradually his skin was covered in angry
red welts. Then Amanda called him over to stand beside her. Justin was naturally
reluctant but after squealing in pain a few times as the current hit his balls,
he came running willingly enough. In the ground where she stood Amanda had
rammed four poles, positioned so that Justin�s limbs could be secured. This she
proceeded to do and soon Justin stood unable to move his limbs, trembling with
fear and pain from his mistress� torture. To his great surprise and infinite
joy Amanda then released his poor needy cock. 
Justin had not been allowed to cum since Amanda had turned him into a pig and
he had become too stupid to recognize that with all the teasing she had
subjected him to in the past without letting him cum, it was highly unlikely
that she�d let him now. Instead he again looked at her with boundless
adoration, which quickly turned to squealing sounds of passion as she stroked
his cock. Very quickly he approached an orgasm, his whole body quivering with
anticipation as his eyes rolled back and his hips began thrusting
involuntarily. Then, just before he reached the point of no return, she removed
her hand provoking a loud squeal of pure disappointment. Of course once wasn�t
enough for Amanda and after half an hour Justin�s squeals sounded more like
screams of desperation. 

Then Amanda left the useless quivering and squealing piggy to fetch a few items
in her goody-bag. When she returned Justin began squealing anew as he laid eyes
on her. The most noticeable item was the strap-on she was now wearing. It was a
positively fearsome thing, made from steel and a foot and a half long and
easily six inches in diameter and covered with a huge number of knobs and
ridges that all looked much too big for even that very large tool. Even a dumb
pig knew where it was going and Justin began to scream with fear. 
The second item was a large mirror, which Amanda placed in front of Justin so
that she could see his face and he hers while she fucked him. The third and
final item was a piece of rope. She removed the shock collar from around his
throat and substituted it with the rope, tying it in a slipknot around Justin�s
throat without tightening it. The she positioned herself on her knees behind
Justin and with a powerful thrust she rammed the huge steel cock into Justin�s
ass. Even in an ass as well used as Justin�s it was extremely painful and Justin
screamed � at least until it was all the way in. Once it was buried to the hilt
Justin was out of breath, the powerful thrust having hammered his lungs empty.
With great pleasure Amanda watched as his mouth worked soundlessly and his eyes
looked wild. The she began fucking him in earnest, pounding in and out of him
as she used one hand to stroke his cock and the other to tighten the rope just
enough to make him fight for every breath.

For Justin this was a combination of extreme pain and extreme pleasure. The
pain in his ass was enormous and the rope around his neck caused him to panic
whereas Amanda�s skilled hand, keeping him always on the edge without letting
him cum, propelled him to new but unfulfilled heights of pleasure. Amanda
fucked him for what seemed like ages, turning him into a gasping and completely
desperate wreck of unreleased lust. 

Amanda was enjoying it to the fullest. Already she had cum several times and
fucking the pig as not only fun, bit also great exercise. She had fucked him
for an hour non-stop when she decided that it was time to put an end to it.
Justin�s eyes were wild and protruded quite a bit from his very red face and it
was impossible to touch his cock now for more than two minutes without him
nearly getting off. She stopped the actual fucking, but kept the metal monster
inside him as she leaned forward and whispered into his ear: �I never loved
you, never cared about you, never even thought you were remotely suitable for a
one night stand.� This registered with the desperate pig and she felt him
tremble beneath her. �All I ever wanted with you was to hurt you, torture you
and enslave you. Goodbye piggy.�
Then she began fucking him furiously again and after a while she began
tightening the noose around his neck more and more. Justin�s air was gradually
being cut off completely and he began increasingly desperate. His eyes stood
out more and more and became more and more bloodshot. His tongue began to
protrude alarmingly and his face became more and more blue. He began to jerk
and thrash, his muscles spasming alarmingly. Amanda then reached around and
grabbed his cock again. It responded immediately and soon Justin was on his way
to the mot amazing orgasm of his life. It didn�t matter to him anymore that his
mistress was strangling him. In the mirror he could see her beautiful face just
above his own increasingly blue one and he felt immense love for her as he felt
his orgasm coming, rolling unstoppably now when spots began appearing in front
of his eyes.

Amanda felt him cuming; a great torrent of cum shooting from his cock as his
thrashing reached its peak. Justin�s face was almost purple now, his bloodshot
eyes almost popping out of his head and his tongue a dark blue object forcing
its way out of his head. Then the thrashing got weaker and weaker, but with
each jerk Amanda felt new jism shooting out of him. As he got weaker and weaker
the amount of cum got less and less until he was finally dead. His face a
purple mask with grotesquely protruding eyes and tongue, Justin was only held
up by the rope around his neck and Amanda�s steel tool in his ass. Then she got
up and let him go. He flopped forward, landing in a pool of mud and his own
cum.

For Amanda it had been a most satisfying experience, cuming as she had right as
the last spasms had run through him. Now there were only a few things left to
do. First she cut his bindings and dragged him onto a cart she had parked
nearby. Then she carted the dead pig past the pen towards the slaughterhouse.
As she passed the other pigs paused, recognizing that they might as well have
been the one lying on that cart. From a few of them desperate squeals could be
heard, causing a wicked smile to appear on Amanda�s face.

In the slaughterhouse Amanda proceeded in businesslike manner. First she took a
big meat hook and drove it into the back of Justin�s neck until the tip came
out though his mouth. The hook was secured to a chain and Amanda used this to
winch Justin up from the cart. Once he hung, dangling freely she removed the
straps around his head and the shock collar on his balls, but she left the
bindings holding his legs. After all he had lived like a pig so in death he
should be one also. The she washed him down, removing the mud and cum before
gutting him. When he was clean, inside and out, she covered him with a clear
plastic bag and moved him on a set of rails in the ceiling towards the freezer.
Not before removing his cock and balls, however. These she put in a bag and
froze separately.

That�s how she left him. hanging gutted with a meat hook protruding from his
open mouth, still purple in the face from the strangulation. He wasn�t the only
one in the freezer as other mistresses and masters slaughtered some of their
slaves from time to time. Some for sport, but mostly because there was a
surprisingly large market for �exotic meat�.

After closing the door Amanda was standing there looking through the window in
the freezer door when a hand grabbed her shoulder ever so softly. She started a
little, a small surprised sound escaping her but she didn�t turn around. She
knew the touch and the lovely scent that followed it told her that it was
Christina. �Was it every bit as good as you thought it would be?� she asked
Amanda. �I don�t know,� she answered, �but it sure was good to get rid of that
shit. Most satisfying.�

THE END
&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Duchess of Hell


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





