BDSM Library - First Time




First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive female tries out being dominant for the first time.







First Time

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-03-17T15:16:00Z
  2006-03-17T15:16:00Z
  1
  1743
  9939
   
  82
  23
  11659
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








First Time

&nbsp;

I�m
so excited about tonight. It will be the first time that I have ever attempted
to be in control of someone else. Normally I am the slave serving the master or
mistress. Doyle is to be my sub for the scene. We have been talking trying to
get to know each other for some time now. He first contacted me wanting to be
my Master. He still wants to be my master, but when I told him about my fantasy
about having a man at my mercy to pleasure while denying him the right to cum
for hours he said he was willing to help me fulfill the fantasy as long as I
was willing to accept the same in return. How could I refuse an offer like
that? I of course accept the offer. 

&nbsp;

After
meeting up at a local restaurant and having a light dinner we both agree that
we are ready to start our evening of mutual fun. Arriving at the near by hotel
we check into a room for the night. Upon entering the room I set down the bag
of toys I brought with me and ask, �Are you sure you are willing to go through
with this Doyle? I have never done anything like this before.�

&nbsp;

Giving
me a gentle smile he says, �Yes Alexia I�m at your mercy.�

&nbsp;

Stepping
back I say, �Then shouldn�t you be at my feet waiting to please me?�

&nbsp;

Dropping
to his knees he says, �Yes Alexia.�

&nbsp;

Walking
around him I run my hands through his hair. I love the feel of hair running
through my fingers. Standing behind him I pull his head back by his hair.
Gently trying not to hurt him. Once his head is leaning back towards me I trace
my hands down his neck into his shirt getting my first feel of his chest.
Biting my lip I slide my hands farther down his shirt reaching for his nipples.
Hearing him moan I know that I found them. I smile as I trace them with the tip
of my finger feeling them start to harden. Feeling them harden I gently pinch
them wondering if he would have the same response as me. Sure enough he does.
He moans louder pushing his nipples into my hand. 

&nbsp;

Teasingly
I say, �Like that do you?�

&nbsp;

Moaning
he says, �Yes Alexia.�

&nbsp;

Releasing
his nipples I gently tap them as I stand up saying, �Good wouldn�t want you to
feel deprived of your pleasure tonight.�

&nbsp;

Walking
around him I stand in front of him and say, �Stand up and strip I want to see
you naked.�

&nbsp;

Saying
�Yes Alexia� he quickly stood up and started to undress. He started with his
shirt. Unbuttoning it slowly letting me get a glimpse of his chest and those
lovely hard nipples I was just playing with. Sliding his shirt off, he neatly
folds it and sets it aside. Then he bends down reaching to take off his shoes. 

&nbsp;

Seeing
him bend over I say, �Hold it there Doyle.� I then walk around him wanting to
get a look at his ass as he�s bent over. Bent over his ass really fills out his
pants nicely stretching the fabric over his ass. Enjoying the view I reach out
and swat each ass then squeeze his ass. He gives me a nice grunt and moan at
that.

&nbsp;

Walking
back around him I say, �Ok finish undressing for me Doyle.�

&nbsp;

Quickly
he slips his shoes off he sets them down beside his shirt. Then standing up he
unbuckles his pants and slides them down his hips. My gaze follows the movement
of his pants but goes no farther than his privates. I can see his dick
straining behind his briefs. Licking my lips I watch as he folds his pants and
sets them on top of his shirt. 

&nbsp;

Turning
back to me he gives me a playful smile as he hooks his thumb in his briefs and
slides them down his hips letting his dick hang free for my viewing pleasure.
Seeing his dick standing there long and hard makes my mouth water with desire
to have his dick in my mouth then buried deep in my pussy.

&nbsp;

Shaking
my head I say, �Get your ass up on that bed Doyle. On your stomach arms
stretched over your head, and legs spread wide.�

&nbsp;

Watching
him climb on to the bed I walk over to my bag and take out some rope, cuffs,
and a blindfold that I sneak into my pocket. Once he is lying on his stomach I
climb on the bed and cuff both of his wrists together then attach some rope to
the cuffs and tie them to the head board. Then I move down the bed to his legs
attaching a cuff to each leg I tie them down to the foot of the bed. Making
sure that his legs are spread wide giving me complete access to him. 

&nbsp;

Standing
back I watch as he struggles against the bonds testing them. Wanting to make
sure that he is ok I ask, �How does it feel Doyle? Not to tight right?�

&nbsp;

Turning
his head towards me he says, �No Alexia it feels fine.�

&nbsp;

Biting
my lip I sit on the edge of the bed and start to gently touch him. Running my
hands up and down his back looking for ticklish spots. I smile as he starts
moaning and squirming as I find a couple on his sides.

&nbsp;

Reaching
into my pocket I pull out the blindfold that I had put there earlier. Slipping
it on over his head I make sure that he can�t see anything. Leaning down to
whisper in his ear I say, �Make sure that the blindfold doesn�t come off. This
will be so much more fun if you can�t see what is coming.�

&nbsp;

Shuddering
as I breathe against his ear he says, �Yes Alexia.�

&nbsp;

Straddling
his back I run my hands through his hair gently pulling on his hair making him
raise his head. Leaning down I gently bite his neck. Kissing my way along his
chin to give him a kiss on the side of the mouth. 

&nbsp;

AS
he tries to turn his head towards me to make it a full blown French kiss I pull
away denying him. Moaning he begs, �Please Alexia.�

&nbsp;

Laughing
as I release his hair I ask, �What begging already Doyle? We just started.�

&nbsp;

He
moans and whimpers and I draw my nails down his back. Stopping just above his
ass I lean down and kiss each ass check. Squeezing the right one I bite into
the piece of meat in my hand. I then move onto the left ass check and bite it
as I squeeze it. Both times biting just hard enough to get him to moan out but
do no damage. 

&nbsp;

Sliding
my hand down his ass in-between his legs I start to stroke his balls and dick.
Enjoying the feeling he pushes his ass up towards me moaning wanting me to
continue to stroke his dick and balls. Pulling my hand away I give each ass check
a swat and say, �You are not to move. If I want you to move I will tell you to
move.�

&nbsp;

Groaning
he says, �Yes Alexia.�

&nbsp;

As
he settles back down on the bed I slide down the bed so that I can kiss my way
down his legs to his feet. Reaching his feet I light rung my hands over them
and have to quickly pull away as he tries to kick his feet. Watching him squirm
I ask, �Is that ticklish Doyle?�

&nbsp;

Trying
to keep from squirming and moaning as I continue to lightly tickle his feet he
says, �Yes Alexia�

&nbsp;

I
continue to tickle him for a few minutes enjoying his moans and futile efforts
to get away. Releasing both legs I say, �Don�t move until I tell you to.�

&nbsp;

Trying
to catch his breath he says, �Yes Alexia.�

&nbsp;

Stopping
at the toy bag before I finish releasing him I start pulling out the rest of
the toys I had brought with me. I pulled out a finger vibe, small dildo, two
light clothes pins, a bottle of lube, a small bottle of special massage oil
that heats up on contact. 

&nbsp;

Bring
everything over to the bed I release his wrists and say, �Over on your back
Doyle. Legs spread wide again.�

&nbsp;

Complying
he roles over on to his back saying, �Yes Alexia�

&nbsp;

Quickly
striping off my clothes I climb back on to the bed straddling his chest.� Feeling my naked pussy against his chest he
moans out pushing up against me. Laughing I say, �No�no none of that. It isn�t
time for that.�

&nbsp;

Moaning
he lays back in the bed as I lean forward brushing my tits against his face as
I reattach his wrists to the headboard. Still leaning over him I can see him
licking his lips so I ask, �Is everything ok down there Doyle? Is there
anything you need?�

&nbsp;

�Please
Alexia I want to be inside you. I want to take your nipples into my mouth.�

&nbsp;

Chuckling
I rub my nipples against his mouth encouraging him to take my nipple into his
mouth. Moaning softly I say, �MMM that feels good, but you are just going to
have to wait on the rest I am not done with my play.�

&nbsp;

Sliding
down his body rubbing my nipples over his chest I stop with my pussy over his
dick. Leaning forward I take his right nipple into my mouth as I trace my hands
up and down his chest feeling him twitch every now and then as I hit a ticklish
spot. Feeling his nipple harden in my mouth I move to the other one and
continue to lick and nibble on it until it is as hard as the right one.
Reaching for the clothes pins on the bed stand I trace my tongue around and in
between both nipples making sure they stay hard.

&nbsp;

Gently
pinching the skin next to the nipple I pull on it raising the nipple away from
his chest I attach the clothes pin to his nipple. I watch in fascination as he
takes a sudden intake of breath. Trying to fight the sudden pressure on his
nipple. Leaning over him I kiss him softly on the mouth I feel his dick pushing
against my pussy. Knowing that he was enjoying this but wanting to make sure
that he was ok I ask, �How does that feel Doyle? Not to bad?�

&nbsp;

Moaning
he starts pushing his dick up towards me wanting to cum he says, �Oh god Alexia
it hurts but feels good. Please let me fuck you. I want to cum inside you so
bad.�

&nbsp;

�Oh
no not yet my sweet. I still have so much I want to do to you.�

&nbsp;

Giving
him I quick kiss I pinch his other nipple and attach the clothes pin to it. As
he struggles to coup with it I kiss my way down his stomach to his dick.
Watching it jump as I give the tip of his dick a little lick as I drag my nails
down his chest brushing the clothes pins. Struggling with all the different
sensations he moans in pleasure and pain. 

&nbsp;

Spreading
his legs and bending them at the knees opening him up to me. Leaning over him I
grab the finger vibe, small dildo, and lube from the table. Placing the lube
and dildo within easy reach I turn on the finger vibe and start to run it over
his dick towards his ass. 

&nbsp;

Feeling
the vibrations he strains against his bonds wanting release. As I continue to
trace the vibe over him I grab the lube. Setting the vibe aside I pop the lube
open and pour some on my finger. Once my finger is covered in lube I start to
rub at the entrance to his ass gently pushing in to him. I work my finger in
and out of his ass working on loosening him up some. Pulling my finger out I
add some more lube to his ass as I start to work two fingers into his ass.

&nbsp;

Moaning
he says, �Please Alexia no more. End it now. Let me fuck you please.�

&nbsp;

Thrusting
my fingers deep into his ass I say, �Oh I don�t know. I think I like playing
with you. Watching you struggle to cum as I continue to tease you.� 

&nbsp;

Watching
him grunt in desire as I continue working my fingers in his ass I reach for the
small vibe. Replacing my fingers with the dildo I start working it into his
ass. Working the dildo in slowly he starts pushing back against the dildo
wanting to feel it deeper in him. I continue to fuck him with the dildo
watching him become more and more frantic with each inward thrust of the dildo.

&nbsp;

Slowing
my inward thrusts I ask, �You want to cum Doyle?�

&nbsp;

Moaning
he says, �Oh god yes. Please Alexia I want to cum inside you. Buried deep in
your pussy.�

&nbsp;

Reaching
over him for the restraints holding his wrists I say, �Ok I am going to release
your wrists I want you to lay absolutely still until I give you permission to
move you go me Doyle.�

&nbsp;

�Yes
Alexia. Please can I cum please.�

&nbsp;

Releasing
the restraints on his wrists I pull the dildo out of his ass and toss it aside.
Then I position myself over his dick and lean forward kissing him I say, �Ok
you can move.�

&nbsp;

With
that he grabs my hips and a cry of pleasure he thrusts his dick deep into me.
Moaning in pleasure I pull his blindfold off. Rolling us over he starts fucking
me long and hard. 

&nbsp;

The End

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dgtrekie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





