BDSM Library - The Journey into Mystery




The Journey into Mystery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie Martine has to go through a mystrerious journey of bdsm to find her missing friend, Justine.







&quot;The Journey into Mystery&quot;

 
  John Maker
  Normal
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-03-19T02:24:00Z
  2006-03-19T02:24:00Z
  1
  2930
  16707
  Atlantis Co.
  139
  39
  19598
  10.2625
 

 
  
  1
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:Times;
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&quot;The Journey into Mystery&quot;

&nbsp;

A Work of Fiction by Traveller

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

PROLOGUE

&nbsp;

Julie
Martine is a secretary working for Dr. Vladimir Petrovich, a plastic serguon.
She leads an ordinary life. Everyday, she wakes up exactly at the same time,
dresses in a sexy suit that hugs her busty body, puts on her high heel shoes
and goes to work. She carefully chooses the perfume and the accessories she'll
wear that day. One day it's the seductive pearl necklace, on the other it's the
elegant anklet. Her blue eyes attract everyone's attention, be it men or women.


&nbsp;

As
a woman in her late thirties, Julie keeps her busty body in shape by jogging
whenever she can find the time to do so. Every night she comes home tired and
after peeling off her nylons and taking a good shower, she enjoys reading a
vintage novel while sipping her wine. Every once in a while she enjoys going
out on a date with men who share her vanilla tastes.

&nbsp;

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

Everything
was normal in Julie's life. But that rainy night changed things forever...
Unable to find a cab in that weather, Julie and her nurse friend Justine L. ( a
petite brunette, five years younger than Julie ) were walking to their favorite
restaurant, after work, when suddenly a Mercedes stopped by and two men grabbed
Justine and abducted her right infront of Julie. She went to the authorities
but they weren't able to find her. She knew something was wrong when everyone
in her office acted as if nothing had happened. Dr. Petrovich didn't believe
her and said Justine was going to take a couple of days off. Another eye
witness to Justine's kidnapping claimed he didn't remember a thing.

&nbsp;

Trying
to hold on to her sanity, Julie decided to take matters into her own hands. She
even secretly enjoyed playing the detective sice it made her escape the routine
of her life. 

Her
own lenghty investigation led Julie to some dark secrets. But her best friend's
safety was at stake so she couldn't stop now...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


&nbsp;

Julie's
high heels clicked and clacked on the wet alley's pavement. She stopped infront
of a triskelion sign with neon lights. She opened the rusty door and took her
first step down the stairs.

Distant
music and noises were audible to her and after going down the three sets of
stairs, she found herself at the end of a long line infront of a closed door.
Men and women of all ages in business suits, goth outfits etc. were waiting to
get inside.

&nbsp;

Julie
made her way to the other end of the line and knocked on the door. A girl in
her mid twenties with panda eye make up, opened the door.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
looking for my friend Justine&quot; Julie said trying to communicate inspite of
the loud music.

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
know her&quot; the girl shrugged.

&nbsp;

Julie
took a deep breath.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
here to see the GamesMaster&quot; she said in a shaky voice.

&nbsp;

The
girl slammed the door to Julie's face. A minute later a woman dressed like an
opera singer opened the door and without a warning pulled Julie inside.

&nbsp;

&quot;Follow
me&quot; the older woman said in a seductive voice,

&nbsp;

Sex
Pistols' &quot;Submission&quot; was playing in the background. The club was
crowded and the whole place was very dimly lit. Julie looked around and she was
terrified of the things she saw.

&nbsp;

There
were cages hanging from the ceiling. Inside the cages were handcuffed, naked
women with

strange
shiny balls stuffed in their mouths. They danced slowly to the music. A couple
were spaking a woman dressed in nothing but white ankle socks and black ballet
pumps. Another girl was licking an older woman's court shoes, as the woman
pressed the spike heel of her other foot on her buttcheek. People dressed in
shiny latex and leather crowded the dance floor.

&nbsp;

The
woman leading Julie, opened the door to a room in the back of the club. They
went inside. The woman locked the door. Julie was startled. She wanted to get
out of here no matter what...

&nbsp;

The
room was lit with a single light bulb. Muffled screaming filled the room. Julie
looked at the far corner of the room to see a dirty matress. On the matress
were a man in his forties and a woman. The woman's whole body was mummified
with ducttape. The man ignored the helpless woman's screaming as he wrapped the
roll of tape around her mouth. The woman looked at Julie with begging eyes. The
man looked at Julie for a second and then kept wrapping the duct tape over the
squirming woman's eyes and around her head.

&nbsp;

Julie
took a step back but the opera singer shoved her infront of a computer with a
webcam attached to it. On the screen was a twenty your old young man sitting in
a comfy chair, infront of the poster of Hitchcock's &quot;Marnie&quot;. There
were two women in their forties, kneeling beside him. One of them was dressed
in white lingerie and matching high heels. The other was dressed in black
leather. They looked drugged as they purred and the man stroked their hair.
Another woman with red high heels, was used as a footstool, as the man rested
his feet on her back. She was wearing a rubber swimming cap and her mouth was
taped shut, with a piece of shiny black tape. A butthook was inserted in her
tiny asshole and the rope attached to the hook was tied around her ponytail.
She looked restless and kept producing erotic muffled noises under the tape sealing
her lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;So
you're the nosy gal looking for J?&quot; he asked Julie, as he fed the woman in
leather a sugar cube.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want to talk to the GamesMaster&quot; Julie said nervously, trying to portray
an air of confidence.

&nbsp;

&quot;Your
wish has been granted Ms. Martine&quot; the man said as the other woman gulped
down a sugar cube from his palm.

&nbsp;

&quot;But
you... you're like what twenty one?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Next
month&quot; he replied

&nbsp;

Julie
was confused.

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
let my age fool you... Julie&quot;

&nbsp;

Julie
didn't like this man adressing her with her name.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
did you do to her?&quot; she said, fighting her tears.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
fine. She has a new life now&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please...
don't hurt her&quot; she begged.

&nbsp;

&quot;Look
around you... do you like what you see... The air of mystery... Seductive,
isn't it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
perverted&quot; Julie answered and angrily, began walking towards the door.

&nbsp;

&quot;Do
you want to see her, Julie?&quot; the man said in soft voice.

&nbsp;

Julie
stopped in her tracks.

&nbsp;

&quot;Where
is she?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
come this far Julie... Why? To find your friend? Who knows maybe your sweet J.
is just a mere macguffin. And maybe it's your own journey of self discovery
that is important. Maybe you longed for something different, something beyond
your limitations... Excitement... If you want to see J. it'll be in our
terms.&quot; he said in a commanding voice. Do you want to...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes!&quot;
Julie interrupted in midsentence.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
see in a way, I'm just a pawn like others... In a higher position that is... So
you agree to do things on our terms?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Y...
Yes...&quot; Julie's voice shaked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Fine...
Ms. Van de Linde?&quot; the man adressed the woman dressed like an opera
singer.

&nbsp;

And
without a warning, the older woman clamped her silk handkerchief over Julie's
nose and mouth. 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMMPFRRR??!!!&quot;
Julie shrieked in surprise and began thrashing wildly.

&nbsp;

The
sweet sickening smell made her feel dizzy. The woman wrapped her free arm
around Julie's waist. Julie mewed helplessly like a kitten but with each breath
she took, Julie felt her energy draining. After a few moments Julie slumped in
Ms. van de Linde's arms.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
take care of her transportation. I trust you Ms. Linde. She asked for it... Let
us help her on that mysterious journey she wanted to take so badly&quot; the
man said stroking his slave's hair.

&nbsp;

Van
de Linde smiled and nodded in agreement. She snapped her fingers. The man who
had been playing with the mummified woman's helpless figure rose to his feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's
get her out of here&quot; she commanded him.

&nbsp;

The
mummified woman was still screaming for help...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER:
1

&nbsp;

Julie
kicked off her cute Mary Janes and rubbed her pantyhose clad feet as she sipped
her wine. It was a tiring day at the office. She was amazed at the number of
women coming to Dr. Petrovich for nose &amp; boob jobs. She was amazed because
even though she didn't want to admit it, Dr. Petrovich was a second class
plastic surgeon and most of the time he just made passes to his
&quot;customers&quot;. And none of the ladies in question seemed to be taken
aback by his advances. 

&nbsp;

But
it wasn't the workload that troubled her mind right now. Julie was disturbed by
the advances of one of Dr. Petrovich's favorite clients, Mrs. Sharon Bilbrew.
The older woman literally flirted with her and even stroked Julie's blonde
hair. The thought of another woman touching her that way gave Julie the creeps.


&nbsp;

Soon
Julie's thoughts were focused on Jeff... Jeff, her last date who said he'd call
her back, nine days ago... Julie didn't understand. She was an attractive woman
but still she usually got the same treatment from men. But deep down she knew
it had something to do with her being shy when it came to physical contact...

&nbsp;

Julie
felt depressed. As she was watching a taped episode of &quot;Young &amp; the
Restless&quot;, her phone rang. It was, Justine, her friend from the office. 

&nbsp;

&quot;There's
a big party tonight&quot; Justine announced in a cheerful voice, from the other
side of the line.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
thursday Justine&quot; Julie said as she painted her toenails.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
come on Julie. You'll never find anyone if you keep on with this attitude&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Today
was..&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen,
it's a private party. It'll be fun... or kinky&quot; Justine giggled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Me
and kink? Think again Sweet Gwen!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Stop
feeling sorry for yourself. Put on your favorite dress and I'll be picking you
up in two hours.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Forget
about Jeff. Tonight is our night. The keyword is; private party. Think of all
those famous people we'll see&quot;

&nbsp;

Justine
hung up and a smile formed across Julie's face. This was the first time she was
invited to a private party, ever since she moved in here. Julie finished
putting nailpolish on her big toe and turned off the tv. 

&nbsp;

After
taking a long bath, Julie went to her bedroom and dressed in her black
Victoria's Secret panties &amp; matching bra. Julie enjoyed spending the money
she saved on clothes and lingerie. Next she put on the garter belt and sexy
black, lace top stockings. 

&nbsp;

She
felt a rush of natural high as she smoothed the silk encasing her legs. Julie
dressed in her Chanel skirt that hugged her curves. A blouse that gave a peek
of her cleaveage and the final touch; a broche her late grandmother gave her.
She slipped on her open sided Prada high heels and she was ready. Julie grabbed
her D &amp;G raincoat and Louis Vuitton handbag off the table and went
downstairs.

&nbsp;

Justine
was waiting for Julie in her new BMW, a present from one of her multiple
boyfriends. Julie couldn't understand how Justine accepted these gifts from
them as she never dated the same guy more than three times. At least that was
what Justine kept telling her.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
ready, babydoll&quot; the leather clad Justine smiled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Guess
so...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Relax,
kitty. The night is young&quot;

&nbsp;

As
Julie fastened her seatbelt, Justine's spike heeled foot stomped on the gas
pedal.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER:
2

&nbsp;

The
mansion was packed. Everyone was having a great time, except for Julie. Not
knowing anyone in the party, she felt left out. And there seemed to be no
celebrities around so Julie was disappointed, to say the very least. Justine
had disappeared with a guy she's just met.

&nbsp;

With
her drink in hand, Julie was sitting on a leather couch by the pool when she
heard someone call out her name. She turned her head to see Dr. Petrovich. She
was surprised to see him. But then again, he was probably hunting for new
&quot;customers&quot;. She waved back at him, forcing in a smile. But her smile
vanished into thin air when she saw Mrs. Bilbrew and her husband. She was
wearing a jetblack wig that reminded Julie of Mia Wallace from Pulp Fiction.
Sharon whispered something into her husband's ear and giggled. Her husband
laughed like a hyena. He looked very much like Bela Lugosi.

&nbsp;

Julie
tried to get up and leave when she saw them coming over but it was too late.
And within a split of a second she was sandwiched between Mr. &amp; Mrs.
Bilbrew on the couch.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hello
Julie, dear. Meet my husband Darcy&quot; Sharon said drooling over the hapless
blonde.

&nbsp;

&quot;I've
heard about you, Julie. I hear you're a very talented woman. If you ever think
of leaving your current job, you'll be welcome to work in my office&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
kind of you, Mr. Bilbrew but don't plan on...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Darcy...
Call him Darcy&quot; Sharon said as her hand lay on Julie's knees&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
prefer Mr. Bilbrew, thank you&quot; she said nervously. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The
weather seems to be chilly. You know, we can go upstairs and get all warm and
cozy. Mr. Willie, the host, keeps one of his favorite rooms for us. You see
he's one of Darcy's clients&quot; Sharon whispered in Julie's ear as she
stroked the blonde's hair. Julie could feel Sharon's breath on her neck as she
spoke.

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll
have a great time, honey&quot; Darcy whispered to her ear as he played with his
moustache.

&nbsp;

Julie
was speechless and was fighting back the tears in her eyes when she heard
someone say;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
thought you wouldn't make it&quot;

&nbsp;

Julie
looked up to see a stranger looking at her. It was obvious that he was talking
to her. He was a blonde man, with broad shoulders, probably a couple of years
older than her. He was dressed in a sharp Armani suit. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Excuse
us, Mr. Bilbrew&quot; the stranger said as he took Julie's hand. 

&nbsp;

Before
Sharon and Darcy could react, the stranger snatched Julie from their clutches.
He held Julie's hand as they walked with her to the crowded side of the pool.
His perfume filled her nostrils.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
looked like you needed to be rescued&quot; the mystery man said, smiling with
his deep blue eyes.

&nbsp;

Julie
was relieved.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
good to know that heros still exist&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
an endangered species&quot;

&nbsp;

Julie
laughed for the first time.

&nbsp;

&quot;Bad
company?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
wouldn't believe what Mrs. Bilbrew's just proposed to me&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;To
go upstairs to a bedroom with them... The tiger doesn't change his stripes.
They are what you may call... kinky people&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think I'll pass&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;My
name is Eric Grillet&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Julie&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Pleased
to meet you, Julie&quot; he said with a warm smile.

&nbsp;

As
they walked through the wild crowd, someone bumped into Julie. Unfortunately
she didn't see the same person slipping something in her drink as he passed by
saying he was sorry.

&nbsp;

They
stopped infront of a heater.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nice
pin&quot; Julie said pointing to the pin on Eric's suit. It had a triskelion on
it.

&nbsp;

She
gulped down her drink.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
that... It's the pin of a club I happen to be a member of..&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
it a kinky club&quot; Julie giggled. She looked drunk.

&nbsp;

&quot;So
Julie... A nice girl like you... In a place like this? One, wonders...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
me start from the beginning... &quot; Julie said finishing her drink.

&nbsp;

They
talked for a whole hour. Julie thought she finally found her knight in shining
armour.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
is it?&quot; Eric asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nothinghh...
It's juss that I feel dizzy&quot; Julie replied. &quot;I have to use the
bathroom&quot; she giggled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go
upstairs. It's at the end of the hall&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
go anywhere, Mr. Grillet, cute guy&quot; she said in a drunken state. 

&nbsp;

Julie
teetered on her high heels as she went upstairs. Her hand went for the doorknob
when she heard a faint moan coming from one of the rooms. Julie giggled. The
moaning continued. It was coming from the room next to the bathroom. Curious,
Julie looked through the peephole. 

&nbsp;

She
was shocked to see Justine kneeling infront of the guy she left with. She was
naked except for latex stockings with a garter belt and her spike heels. She
was making slow, bellydance like movements with her arms. She also had a
strange looking red ball stuffed in her mouth. The man had something like a
riding crop in his hand and he brushed Justine's breasts with it. A muffled
moan escaped her gagged lips. Justine continued to make that eerie slow dance.
Julie kept watching holding her breath.

&nbsp;

The
man slipped a tight leather hood over Justine's head. She purred like a kitten
under the hood. The man led her on to the bed. She lied down and crossed her
ankles and wrists as if they were tied. The man waved at the large mirror and
from another door emerged Mr. &amp; Mrs. Bilbrew. They were dressed in leather.
Mr. Bilbrew had an old 8mm camera in his hand.

&nbsp;

Justine
was confused as strange feelings began to stir inside her. Sharon sat on the
bed next to Justine and slapped her on the crotch. A grunt escaped the woman
but she lay still on the bed. The young man went over to the small refrigator
and pulled out an item from the ice box and handed it to Mrs. Bilbrew. Darcy
was filming all of this with his camera.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
for something cold&quot; Sharon said in a serious voice.

&nbsp;

It
was a glass buttplug. Sharon massaged Justine's asshole and inserted the
freezing cold piece of glass in her asshole. Justine thrashed wildly but the
young man held her by the ankles.

&nbsp;

Julie
couldn't believe her eyes as the three of them began whipping Justine's
squirming body with whips that came out of nowhere. The noise of the running
camera and Justine's muffled screams filled the room. But no matter how hard
they whipped her, Justine just lay still on the bed.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
are you doing?&quot; a voice called behind Julie.

&nbsp;

Julie
was startled. She looked up to see Eric standing next to her. Justine's
sqealing echoed in the hallway. Julie got up to her feet. He wrapped her arms
around him.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
Eric... Please take me away from this horrible place&quot; she begged him as
tears slid down her cheeks.

&nbsp;

He
brushed Julie's hair behind her ear and kissed her on the neck. In a frenzy of
mixed emotions and sensations, Julie kissed Eric passionately.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
beg you... take me away...&quot; and she collapsed in Eric's arms.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER:
3

&nbsp;

Julie
heard voices from the darkness that surrounded her.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
is the forth dimension?&quot; a seductive voice asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;The
dust of illusion... endless?&quot;

&nbsp;

A
red light was coming from an open door. Julie went through the door. To her
surprise, she saw Eric making love to a woman on a king sized bed. A pair of
pantyhose was slipped over the woman's head. Eric had his hand clamped over the
woman's mouth to reduce her high pitched shrieks of ecstasy. 

&nbsp;

When
he removed his hand from the moaning woman's mouth, both the woman and Eric
stopped what they were doing and stared back at Julie. When the woman removed
the pair of nylons encasing her visage, Julie saw that the woman was Julie
herself...

&nbsp;

&quot;I
might have to come into your house and steal you&quot; Eric smiled at Julie.

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you scared, Clementine?&quot; the woman on the bed asked with a French accent.

&nbsp;

&quot;Enchanted?&quot;
another voice added.

&nbsp;

Terrified,
Julie took a step back only to fall into the abyss. Julie tried to move her
arms but found herself unable to move. A light blinded her... An 8 mm camera
was shoved in her face. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Who
are you?&quot; the person behind the camera asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Games...
Distance and games...&quot; another voice spoke.

&nbsp;

When
the camera was removed Julie saw that the person holding it was Sharon Bilbrew.
Standing next to her, dressed in ancient Egyptian clothes, was Justine. Julie
screamed in terror only to produce muffled noises. Julie was inside a box,
mummified head to toe with white wrapping material. She squirmed helplessly. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Shhh...&quot;
Justine stroked her forehead as Sharon kept wrapping her head. The wrapping
material went over Julie's eyes and she screamed inside the darkness.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
awake!&quot; Julie woke up in sweat and looked at her surroundings. She was in
her bedroom. It was a rainy morning. She felt hot and kicked the blanket only
to find herself naked. With instinct, Julie pulled back the blanket, she never
slept naked... She tried her best to think straight...







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  THE Traveller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





