BDSM Library - Helena�s New Life




Helena�s New Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






Helena�s New Life Part 1 � Trap is Sprung

By Sonya Esperanto sonyaesperanto_15@hotmail.com

Story:

Sarah was a wicked spoiled Blonde English girl. Her parents allowed her the 
freedom to do whatever she wanted. Only at the age of 13, she was traveling 
all on her own, in mainland Europe. She was in Paris but hated it, since she 
insisted that the rest of the world speaks in English, even if they are in 
their own countries. The French hated her, seeing how her chauffeur was 
driving her around and how arrogant her look was. Her chauffeur followed 
her, wherever she went, especially since this was the Holiday Season. Her 
parents were in New York and she decided to go to Europe. Her parents said 
�what the heck, she has to see the world for herself�.

Sarah looked at all the French people outside her car window. Just as the 
French men, women and children stared out at her, they couldn�t bear to 
stare back at her for too long. Her freckles and milky pale complexion made 
her look immature and child-like, but there was something EVIL about Sarah. 
She made those that looked at her, feel inferior afterwards. �These French 
peasants ought to know better than to stare at an English aristocrat. We 
save their asses during World War II, invented modern technology and they 
dare look at me like that�, bitterly bragged the spoiled English brat.

Sarah fondled her Blonde hair, with its pony tail. She didn�t even miss the 
Boarding School she was in. Her chauffeur (loyal to Sarah) answered, �What 
would you expect from these froggies. Peasants, all of them.� Sarah 
answered, with a very evil look in her eyes, �Peasants that I want to own.�


Sarah and her chauffeur did not stay for long. Her butler was soon to fly 
over from the island, to join them. Soon, they were going to embark on a 
vacation trip to Italy, with its sunny and hot Mediterranean weather.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;*********

Naples was hot this time of year. Sarah was walking around, with her butler 
and chauffeur on the streets of Naples. Stuff here were cheap, unlike in 
England, where the Pound was stronger than any world currency (making things 
over there, too expensive) , save for the Kuwaiti Dinar.

Sarah was so rich, that she had bought for herself, so many Italian made 
shoes (from Versace) and expensive dresses. Even the adult beautiful tanned 
Brunettes and Raven-Haired women of Naples, were at awe and even jealousy, 
watching the wealth of this spoiled English brat, make them look cheap and 
inferior, especially with her Posh accent and brags about her aristocratic 
heritage.

Finally, Sarah stopped shopping for the day. She had all her purchased 
stuff, put inside the limousine trunk. Then afterwards, she and her two 
employees went to a caf� (paid by her). The caf� was facing the sea side and 
many tourists came here, to relax too. While Sarah sat all by herself, her 
butler and chauffeur sat on another table. They respected each others� 
momentary privacies.

While Sarah was sipping at her Cappucino, opposite her table, was sat a tall 
attractive Italian woman. She was wearing the latest from Versace, and had a 
nice slim sexy body.&nbsp; She was actually 6 foot 1, while Sarah stood only at 5 
foot 6. While Sarah was pale and Blonde, this woman was tanned and had black 
hair. Sarah�s green eyes contrasted to that woman�s blue Napoli eyes.&nbsp; Sarah 
had a wicked idea, in her wicked English head.

The women was sipping her latte, which she seemed to enjoy and she sat all 
alone. Sarah thought, that is one beautiful woman. She probably sleeps 
around or her boyfriend hasn�t come yet. Sarah was just too bold. She came 
and sat on the woman�s table, carrying her drink.

The women then started to stare at this pale 13 year old and was in for a 
surprise. Sarah was not only rich but had the right to be arrogant, because 
she was very intelligent, fast and even was a black belt on a couple of 
martial arts.

Sarah spoke to the woman, in Italian, �May I join you.� The Italian woman 
was smiling, �Sure. But wouldn�t you want to join your friends�. The Italian 
woman looked around and she didn�t see any other kid Sarah�s age.

Sarah pointed out to the table, where her butler and chauffeur were sat, 
saying, �That is my butler and chauffeur.� Sarah looked at the woman and 
offered a hand shake, �My name is Sarah. I�m from England�. Sarah gave the 
woman a nice wink. The Italian woman was shocked. The Italian woman smiled, 
thinking that this was a very friendly English tourist.

Sarah asked her politely, �What is your name? I can buy you lunch if you 
want�. The Italian woman answered, �Helena.� Sarah could see the crucifix 
she wore on her neck. �I see that you are a very good Catholic�. Sarah then 
looked back at Helena and smiled. Helena just smiled and had to laugh, �Wow, 
you get around.�

Sarah called for the waiter and had ordered some food for her and her 
Italian guest, who was too shocked at how rich this 13 year old girl was but 
also, how friendly she was. Helena dipped at her spaghetti and she enjoyed 
it. Helena smiled at Sarah, saying, �Thank you Sarah. I really appreciate 
this.�

When Helena finished eating her spaghetti, she asked Sarah, �I�m sorry if I 
am going to sound rude but why be nice to me. You only saw me sitting here 
just now�. Sarah tried flattering Helena, �Because I love Italians�. Sarah 
then leaned closer to Helena and sincerely said, �I think Italian women are 
the most beautiful in the world, especially the women of Napoli�.

Helena really felt flattered and her ego go high. �Thank you Sarah. That is 
a real nice compliment�, Helena said. Sarah could tell that Helena knew that 
too and was the egotistical type, that she was the type to love hearing nice 
stuff said about her.

Sarah got Helena chatting up. Sarah was an expert at getting people to talk, 
without them even noticing it happening. Helena wasn�t seeing anyone at the 
moment, as she broke up with her boyfriend and did not intend on having 
children, which already was a common factor in 21st Century, and like 
England, had a low birthrate, which was why immigration was always allowed 
by their respective governments.

Helena also said that she lived all by herself in a flat. Her housemate had 
married some rich Greek Cypriot and left Italy for America, Los Angeles. 
Sarah told Helena that she studied in a boarding school and traveled the 
world, but always wanted to meet Italians and admitted hating the French. 
Helena joked with Sarah back, �You Brits are known for that. But we Italians 
hate the French too�.

Both woman and girl broke out in laughter and the butler and chauffeur knew 
perfectly well, what their young mistress was doing. �You think she�ll 
last?� asked the butler. �Why do you think she called you all the way from 
England for�, joked the chauffeur.

Three hours passed and Sarah and Helena were having good conversations, 
joking about British and Italian men and boys. Helena felt like she was 
talking to an adult, rather than with a child. Sarah was just too mature. 
Sarah then told Helena about where she was staying in Naples. She had a 
mansion, and told Helena which one it was. Helena was surprised, saying, 
�You own that mansion. I thought the mafia owned it�. Helena shook her head 
kiddily and said, �No, it is my parents but I own it�.

Helena then thought, as to why Sarah chatted her up. She wasn�t close to her 
parents and so, she wanted an adult woman whom she could relate to. As it 
got dark, Sarah then told Helena, �Hey Helena. Do you love romance movies. I 
have tons of DVDs in my place. I am inviting you to stay the night.�

Helena looked excited. At first, she thought. This wasn�t a good idea. A 13 
year old was inviting her but then again, the girl wanted to hang around 
with some locals. Who knows. She may even teach Sarah a few things about 
Italy, that Sarah does not know about.

�Ok. I am up for it�, Helena said. Sarah smiled, �Excellent�. Sarah then 
continued, �We could watch Titanic, Brokeback Mountain, Gone With The Wind�. 
Sarah had reeled Helena in, with her specially prepared trap.

They all got inside the limousine and Sarah told her butler and chauffeur , 
who were sat on the drivers� seat, �Helena is staying the night. We are 
going to do some shopping tomorrow�. Helena wasn�t sure what Sarah�s butler 
and chauffeur were going to make of this but they looked like the type, �as 
long as I get paid, I don�t care�.


(to be continued)

























Helena�s New Life Part 2 � The Wager

Story:

The mansion looked big from the outside. It was furnished and reconstructed 
back in the late 90s. Italy�s economy, like much of Europe, was in such 
shambles, that wealthy British saved their economy, by buying stuff and 
property over there.

Inside the mansion, Helena and Sarah were sat inside, what looked like a 
small cinema room. The butler and chauffeur were somewhere else on the 
mansion. Sarah communicated with them, by her mobile phone.

Both Sarah and Helena were drinking coke and eating from two separate 
popcorn bags. Titanic was such an emotional movie. They both watched and 
listened to it, until it ended. Once it ended, Helena said, �That was such a 
sad movie�.

Sarah started at Helena and Helena stared back, �Hey Sarah. Thank you for 
inviting me for a sleep over�. �My pleasure�, Sarah said. Sarah then said, 
�I got a snooker table. Wanna play snooker?� Helena loved snooker and 
immediately said �Yes.�

***

Inside the snooker room, Helena and Sarah each had a large snooker stick. 
Helena was very good and so was Sarah. One moment, Sarah had the lead and 
the next, was Helena. Sarah complimented the tanned Italian woman, �You are 
better than most people I played with�. Helena replied to the comment, �You 
are not bad too�. Helena was only saying this because Sarah flattered her 
first.

When they had their second game. They started having a conversation. The 
caf� lunch was the first trap set up. This was the second one.

�So how many men did you have sex with?�, Sarah asked Helena in a 
straightforward and kidding way. �I beg your pardon�, asked Helena, in a 
giggling and surprised way. �You can tell me. I won�t tell anyone�, Sarah 
kiddingly winked her eye and that made her look attractive to Helena.

The conversation got deeper. They started exchanging stories. Sarah had a 
sex life and it was already common among many young girls, in this day and 
age, whether it was approved of or not.

By the time, the second game was over, Helena was leading again. �You�re too 
good�, said Sarah. Helena feeling drunken by compliments, especially by some 
rich English girl, said, �Of course I am.�

Now they were on the third game. �Hey Helena, it is fun that you and I 
exchange stories, including those of truth or dare or about how brave one 
is. I was thinking, how would you want to make a wager�, asked Sarah.

Helena laughed, and then said, �What sort of wager?� Sarah went out of the 
snooker room for a while and came back, with a cheque. �If you win, I�ll pay 
you $750,000,000. Call me spoiled and call me eccentric�. Helena knew that 
Sarah was spoiled by unimaginable sums, but this was too much.

Helena said, �I get this if I won�. Sarah smiled, �Because I like you and I 
want to give it to you. With $750, 000, 000, you will be close to being a 
billionaire�. Helena went to a trance of dreamworld for a while. She would 
visit places she never dreamt of and buy all kinds of stuff. She would live 
in penthouses all over the world and always throw parties and waste her life 
away, maybe on sex, maybe on alcohol and maybe on those illegal drugs.

�I think I can beat you this time�, said the winking Sarah. �How sure are 
you of that?� asked Helena. Sarah then kiddily said, �I am very sure. I am 
crazy enough to make wagers.� Helena then asked, �But if you win, what would 
you want in return?� Sarah straightforwardly said, �I want you. I want to 
own you, body and soul�. Helena gasped, �Like a slave?� Sarah smiled, �Like 
an obedient slave. I always wanted to own a beautiful Italian woman.�

Helena then heard the comment and said, �Go to Hell.� She was furious. This 
was not a laughing matter anymore. Sarah smiled. It was obvious, that she 
had something on her, that allowed the chauffeur and butler, many good 
excuses to come barging in. They both had guns and Helena gasped.

�Come on, dear. It is only a wager. What have you got to lose?�, said the 
now evil Sarah (revealing her true self). Helena looked at her crucifix. 
Helena then said, �If I win, would you let me go?� Sarah looked pissed, �If 
you win, you will get $750,000,000. I won�t even hunt you down after that.� 
Helena then said, �And you are offering me this sum�� Sarah cut her in, 
�..because I am a spoiled Blonde English brat who thinks she can get away 
with anything she wants and all I really want is a beautiful dark Italian 
girl to own. Pale women love dark women, even over pale or dark men. Read it 
sometime will ya�

�And if I lose�, Helena touching her crucifix. She also noticed how sexy and 
attractive she was and how big her breasts were. Someone once said, that the 
women of Napoli were the most beautiful women in Europe. But today, that 
statement goes to the women of Prague.

�Then you belong to me, forever�, Sarah said, coldly. Helena did not want to 
die and the butler and chauffeur looked and felt confident. �I can get away 
with this. I could have you killed and knowing how corrupt South European 
countries are, your parents would never find your body. No justice�.

Everything was arranged. Helena was accompanied to a table. She was already 
writing a letter, in case, she lost. In this letter, she was going to tell 
her parents, that she would never see them again, as she was caught up on 
something and it was best for them, not to get involved with her. Sarah had 
stamps and envelopes ready.

If Helena won, she will see her parents, and get $750,000,000. That would 
make her richer than Berlusconi, richest man in Italy and win her more power 
than him.

To make them swear that they would keep to their commitments, both Sarah and 
Helena went on their knees, before a Catholic prayer altar. This meant that 
they must swear an oath, to not break it, meaning that they submit their 
hands, on the outcome of the next snooker game. Winner takes all and loser 
knows her faith.

After praying and swearing, a nervous Helena then said to Sarah, �Let�s get 
this over with.�

They went back to the snooker room and the butler and chauffeur had their 
guns, so that Helena won�t try to escape. As a Catholic, she must abide by 
the oath she swore.

When the game was ready, Helena had a plan. Insult Sarah as much as 
possible, so that she would lose concentration. But when the third game was 
starting, Sarah won her first goal. Helena was shocked. Maybe, it was 
because Sarah learned from Helena�s move.

Helena kept on insulting Sarah and said, how English girls were pale and 
yucky while Italian women were dark and sultry. Sarah wasn�t affected by 
Helena�s remarks and this was a completely different girl, from whom Helena 
was joking with this afternoon.

Helena was shocked. She was not the one leading. Sarah was. Sarah was about 
to POP her final ball. She said, �I know one pale short Blonde Nordic 
English girl, who is going to have herself a prized tall tanned Brunette 
Mediterranean Italian woman more than twice her age, at her disposal and 
hers to do with as she pleased�.

Sarah POPPED the last ball. SARAH WON. HELENA IS NOW SARAH�S SLAVE.

Sarah looked at Helena and then said, �You swore in the name of God, to 
abide by our wager. So now, this is what is going to happen. Drop on your 
knees.� Helena wanted to defy her at first but then automatically dropped 
down to her knees. She must be a slave, not just her body BUT HER SOUL TOO.

�On all fours�, Sarah commanded. Helena put her hand palms towards the cold 
marble floor. Sarah walked towards her new Italian slave and started 
fondling her long black hair. �I love women with black hair.� Sarah pulled 
the hair back, aggressively saying, �I love to own them. All, if I have my 
way.�

Helena�s head got yanked back, feeling the pain and impact. �Please don�t 
hurt me, Sarah�, begged a whimpering Helena. �Helena, from now on. You will 
call me mistress.� Sarah laughed cruelly and Helena�s parents would no 
longer see Helena, for it would break their Latin hearts, to see their proud 
daughter, become a whore/slave to some spoiled English brat.

(to be continued)

















Helena�s New Life Part 3 � Vacation in Santorini

Story:

A week had passed since The Wager. Helena was once a free woman. Now, she 
was the slave of a spoiled English brat. Her parents got the letter and they 
would never hear from Helena again.

Inside the plane, Helena sat next to her 13 year old Mistress. They were 
going on vacation to Greece�s island of Santorini. Not many tourists go 
there, despite all its beautiful scenario. As for their plane, it was 
Sarah�s own private jet.

Helena wore an unbuttoned shirt. She also wore a skirt, with no panties. Her 
long black hair, was now like a pony tail while Sarah�s Blonde hair was long 
and loose. Sarah and Helena sat next to each other, with a table in front of 
them and another batch of seats.

Sarah pulled the unbuttoned shirt a bit wider and so she could see her 
ALTERATION on Helena. Helena�s dark nipples now had two silvery rings on 
them. Sarah was fondling and twisting at the two nipple rings, making fun of 
Helena, �It was meant to be. Brown Caucasians belong to white Caucasians.� 
Sarah pulled the right nipple ring and Helena whinced and gave a small 
scream. Sarah laughed. Her mistress was only 13 and was already so cruel.

�To forget her pain and attempt to make Sarah forget trying to do something 
hurtful to her again, she tried changing the subject, �Brown Caucasian? I 
don�t understand, mistress. I thought Caucasians are white�. Sarah pulled 
Helena closer to her and then kissed her on the lips and then said, �You 
silly Latin goose. I am a North European and of course, I am pale. I am also 
Caucasian and that makes me white.�

�So what am I then?�, asked a Helena, who was starting to think that her 
mistress was some anti South European Nordicist. �You, my dear, are also 
Caucasian. But you�re not white�. Helena attempted to protest, �But I am 
white�. Sarah shot her an aggressive look, �No, you�re not. You have nice 
brown tan skin which we English women kill for�literally. You are brown but 
yes, you can be considered white, on the basis that you are as Caucasian as 
I am�.

�It works this way. You have brown gooks and you have white gooks. Whether a 
gook is white or a gook is brown, a gook�s a gook, just like a pale 
Caucasian and a tanned Caucasian is still a fucking European�, educated the 
spoiled brat Sarah.

&nbsp; *******


After having landed in Santorini, they stayed in a hotel. The butler and the 
chauffeur stayed in one room. Sarah and Helena had stayed in another room. 
Helena had to pretend to be her own mistress� mother.

During the day, they ate in a nice restaurant. Greek food. But it was night, 
where Helena was dreading.

Once inside the room, Sarah smiled wickedly. �Take off your clothes�, 
commanded Sarah. Helena responded obediently, �Yes mistress.� Helena took 
off her shoes and all allowed her clothes to drop down on the floor.&nbsp; She 
was naked and looked sexy. Sarah�s tongue was licking away. My God, Helena 
thought. This English was a dyke.

�Now climb over the bed.�, commanded Sarah. Helena walked towards the bed 
and was on top of it, on all fours. �Now, I want you to face down�, 
commanded Sarah. Helena positioned herself, as if her body was facing the 
surface of the nice Greek bed. �Stay in that position and don�t fucking move 
an Italian muscle�, shouted Sarah.

Sarah opened one of her bags (that her servants brought with them). She took 
out some cloths. Sarah walked towards the bed. She then tied a cloth, on 
each ankle and each was tied to the separate bed posts, on the bottom of the 
bed, the one that faced the mirror.

�You know what�s silly, Helena� said Sarah. �No mistress, I don�t know 
what�s silly�, responded the enslaved Italian. �The Chinese always say, 
never to have your bed face the mirror. Bad luck. But you think the owners 
of these hotels listen. They never do�, bitterly said Sarah.

Sarah went back to her bed and Helena could hear some things that sounded 
like metal or plastic. The bed was also a huge bed and even if Helena could 
try playing David Copperfield, it wouldn�t really work.

When Sarah finally got what she wanted, Helena then felt that her right 
hand�s wrist had just been cuffed, by something steely and cold. She was now 
cuffed to the upper bed post, to her right. Sarah then walked to her left 
and cuffed her left wrist, to the left upper post.

�There, that should keep you still, you Italian whore�, mocked Sarah. Sarah 
always kept on walking towards her bag. The next time, she came back to 
Helena, she put something on Helena�s mouth, by asking her, �Open those nice 
big lip of yours�. Helena complied and next thing she knew, her mouth could 
no longer talk, as it had a ball gag on it. She can�t scream for help, no 
matter how painful this was going to get. She was only able to breathe and 
moan.

Sarah then walked towards the window and opened it. �Nice cool air�, 
remarked Sarah. As Sarah was still fully dressed comfortably, she wouldn�t 
feel the chill. But for the tied up naked Helena, she could feel the air 
cooling her naked body. Her nipples were already forced solid by her nipple 
rings. Now her nipples really stiffened and the rings gave her breasts a 
very icy feeling. She hated the cold.

But the worst was about to happen. Sarah got up on the bed, wearing some 
comfortable nightie. On her hand, was a ping pong bat. She used the bat to 
search the large, sexy fine brown ass of her Italian slave. �You have a sexy 
tanned ass, Helena�, snickered Sarah.

With one whack. Helena�s head bopped up, making that OUCH sound in moan. It 
hurt like Hell. Sarah could see the impact. The Ping Pong bat hits a buttock 
and she sees it bobbing up and making that IMPACT made sound. Sarah 
snickered as the helpless woman before her, was not able to move nor free 
herself.

The Ping Pong Bat impacts and bounces of the ass of the enslaved Latin 
woman. Her Italian tears flowed down those blue eyes. It was hurtful and 
painful. A 13 year old girl doing this to her, was not only degrading but 
purely evil.

Her ass was turning brightly red and was full of welts, bumps and was far 
from looking like a fine piece of ass. Helena�s cries would only go as high 
as a sexual moan. A painful sexual moan.

After hitting and turning the poor woman�s ass RED, Sarah then started 
lapping her tongue away. As the English girl�s tongue was scanning and 
feeling and tasting one of Southern Europe�s finest ass, Helena could not 
stop crying/moaning and her body making hurted movements.

This was unending pain. Unlike the batting, where it was done every 10 
seconds, this was cruelly continuous. The tears were flooding down the 
pillow she was facing. Sarah loved tasting and licking something that tasted 
like Pizza.

After lapping her tongue at the poor woman�s ass, she then stopped for a 
while. She went to the room fridge and took out some ice cubes. She walked 
over to the RED ASS and started working on it again.

The cold touch of the ice cube, really did a work. The bruised welted ass, 
was now looking like it was going to turn black-and-blue. Helena�s pain 
turned for the worst. Sarah just snickered, �Your beautiful ass is now truly 
a masterpiece�.

After she used the ice cubes to scan her ass, she then took out a candle 
stick and had it lighted. The end of the candle stick was slowly being stuck 
inside Helena�s ass, like as if her ass was being rooted with the candle. 
Sarah turned the lights off and used the candle light as a source of light. 
The wax was dripping on the upper buttocks of Helena. The pain was too much 
and in a matter of moments, she lost all consciousness.

As for Sarah, she was using Helena�s back, as a book stand, to read Harry 
Potter and the Half Blood Prince. The candle light was bright enough, to 
illuminate, so that Saah could feel being in the same world as Harry Potter. 
The Italian woman lied there, like a defeated whale.

Sarah smiled and looked at her captive. She put the book down for a while 
and went over to Helena�s back neck and kissed it, saying, �Good night 
Helena. Mistress loves you, you know that�. She then was fondling her pony 
tailed black hair.

(to be continued???)
















Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sonya Esperanto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





