BDSM Library - Virtual Punishments




Virtual Punishments
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Two young girls try out the adult virtual reality games and find out the painful way, why they are intended for adult males.







Virtual Punishments

 
  obohobo
  Normal
   jim
  2
  349
  2006-04-05T23:41:00Z
  2006-04-05T23:41:00Z
  1
  18931
  107913
  Home PC
  899
  253
  126591
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Virtual Punishments

Synopsis

Two young girls try out the adult virtual
reality games and find out the painful way, why they are intended for adult
males.

&nbsp;

Virtual Punishments

by obohobo

Warnings

Please take
note!

The text in
this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for adults only. 

MF MFF NC Scifi
Inc

If you are
underage or offended by such material or if viewing this file is illegal in
your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now. 

This is a work
of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise is purely
coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2006

&nbsp;

Chapter 1.
Caught

�Daddy! I
didn�t expect you back so soon.�

�Obviously not
Holly. Otherwise I would not have found you on my computer playing a virtual
reality game you are not allowed access to. I warned you not to use my computer
when I was not around and I very clearly told you to leave the adult games well
alone. You disobeyed me. You have no idea what harm you could do to yourself
playing some of them.�

�I�m sixteen
daddy. I�m old enough to know about sex and things.� Holly took off the games
helmet.

�The law says
you have to be eighteen and as you have no doubt found out, there is more than
just plain sex in those games.�

�You hit the
escape button before I got to the interesting bit, Daddy. And I�m bored with
the kid�s ones you have. I�m old enough to view the real things now.�

�I don�t think
you realise just how real and extreme the adult ones get. These are my latest
upgrades to the Vice Emporium series. The reality is extremely real. You
experience the sex as real sex. You experience the rapes as real rapes and feel
the pain as extra large penises are forced inside which ever hole they decide
on. You feel the hellish pain the whip strokes cause and you�ll feel and see
the welts rise on your body. You're expert enough in computer technology to
know that these aren�t the normal over the counter games discs. The things that
are done to the women are very degrading and painful and a woman playing the
game gets to feel it the same as the victim. She is the victim. She sees her
own body. Feels it being tortured and ravished. The discs are meant for viewing
by men. Sadistic men who like to feel the power of wielding a whip and abusing
helpless women. When a woman plays the same game, she is the woman being
abused.�

�But in the end
Daddy, I can press the escape key and return to normal. I won�t have welts. I
won�t have been raped or abused. I will be back to normal. No pain, no babies
starting to grow inside me.�

�But you will
remember the experience as though it was real. It could affect your mind.�

All though
dinner Holly Jackaman and Zeke, her father, argued over it but nothing was
resolved by bedtime. Zeke lay awake for a long time pondering on what to do. He
couldn�t spank his daughter. That was illegal these days and in any case she
was rather too old for that. He couldn�t get her mother to intervene; she died
several years ago. He could and had locked up the discs and password protected
the computer but she was expert enough to have hacked into his system and
bypassed it and must have found the key to the discs. Zeke loved his daughter
and, while the glimpses he had of her near naked body when she nipped into he
bathroom, caused his cock to harden, he hadn't attempted to molest her. That
was only something he put into his video programmes.

Next morning
the germ of an idea came to him. �Holly,� he said to her at breakfast, �I�ve
thought about yesterday and have decided on a suitable punishment. Don�t make
any plans for Saturday and perhaps not for Sunday either.�

�Oohh Daddy are
you going to spank me? So I can�t sit down for the whole weekend? I won�t mind.
It will be better than you being angry with me. I won�t report it to the Child
Protection League. And you can do it on my bare botty.� Holly had visions of
lying starkers over her father's lap while he spanked her. &quot;Will my
wriggling get him hard?&quot; she wondered. She too had brief views of his cock
but never in its fully tumescent state.

�No Holly I�m
not going to spank you. You might enjoy that. No, I�m going to make the
punishment fit the crime and you�ll have to wait until the day after tomorrow
to find out what that is. Meanwhile give me a hug and I�ll forgive what you
did.�

Holly gave him
a hug. She loved her father and in general was a good girl. She was highly
intelligent and was quickly learning her father�s skills in computer
programming. �Tell me what you�re going to do Daddy. You�re not putting me in
house detention for the weekend are you?�

�Not exactly,
Holly but I�m not telling my plans at the moment. You�ll find out after
breakfast on Saturday.� Throughout the next day Holly tried to wheedle her
father into letting slip her punishment, all to no avail. It got to be a kind
of joke between them with many very ridiculous suggestions made on both sides. 

Saturday came
and Holly wandered down to breakfast in her robe as normal for her on a
weekend. She was a little surprised when after she�d finished her cereal and
coffee, her father remarked, �Don�t bother showering or dressing until later
Holly.�

�You are going
to spank me on the bare bum!� Holly laughed.

�I said I
wasn�t and I�m not. Come into my computer room with me.�

�You�re going
to let me play one of your games and hope that it sickens me and I won�t want
to try again. Like giving a child a cigarette and hoping the taste will put
them off for life. It backfires you know Dad. I might become addicted.�

�Well you�re
right in part Holly and yes, there is a risk you will become addicted. You
wanted to experience the sex part of the game so it is better if you take off
the robe and your nightie and sit on the chair naked.� For a moment Holly
looked at him questioningly. �No Holly,� her father assured her, �I am not
going to have sex with you. It will all be virtual sex and stuff. Put the
helmet on and I�ll adjust the connections.� Shyly and with redness diffusing
over her body, Holly removed what little covering she had on and sat down. She
knew she was attractive and could feel her father's eyes roaming over her
nicely formed breasts.

�What�s the
game about Daddy?� 

�It�s called
�Private Schooling� and so you don�t play truant, I am passing this belt around
your waist and through the slats in the chair.� Once he did so, Holly found
herself unable to get up and the buckle was out of reach behind her. 

Holly started
to panic. �Calm down dear. I would never do anything to really harm you. You
should know that. This is one of the milder adult games but it should make a
deep impression on you. A painful impression too. You know how the system works
from the children�s games. It�s like a real life situation. A character will
ask a question or give an instruction and how you answer or perform will
determine how the game proceeds. Just play as if you are there. In your mind
you really will be. Now before I start it going there is one other detail you
need to know. That nice friendly red escape button you used when things didn�t
go your way in the kiddy games, I disabled it. I did so because I don�t want
you chickening out at the first opportunity. You will have to take your
punishment, there is no way out.� Zeke loaded the disc. The title and copyright
notices appeared on the screen and in Holly�s helmet and then for a minute or
two the programme took some of its input from Holly's brain. The computer now
knew she was to take the female role. Seconds later she was back in time and
sitting at a desk in an old schoolroom. 

She had a few
minutes to look around and saw her classmates staring at her, eight boys and
two girls, all about her own age. �Hi,� she said, �I�m Holly.� The others just
looked and one of the girls put her fingers across her lips as a signal to be
quiet. All the girls, like her, wore simple grey frocks with white cotton socks
and black shoes. The boys were dressed in grey shirts with darker grey short
trousers, grey socks and black boots. From the feel of the coarse material
Holly knew she wore nothing under her frock and supposed it was the same for
the others. Holly�s gaze took in the small paned windows, the wood block floor,
the beech-wood desk with its inkwell covered with a brass slider, the big desk
at the front and the coal fire burning in the corner and sending puffs of smoke
into the room whenever a back draught came down the chimney. On the other side
of the big desk stood a blackboard and easel but what caught Holly�s attention
was the hooked cane hanging over the top edge. A middle aged, sharp-featured
man entered. The class immediately and promptly stood. Holly tried to follow
suit but was some seconds behind the others.

�Good morning
boys and girls.�

�Good morning
Mr. Smeathers,� the class sung in unison.

�All except the
new girl, please sit,� Mr. Smeathers instructed. �Your name girl?�

�Holly
Jackaman.... Sir.�

�Well Holly
Jackaman I sincerely trust you will look a little more lively when I enter the
room in future. Now what have you learned at your previous school? Do you know
your multiplication tables?�

Holly vaguely remembered
learning them in infant's school and stuttered, �I think so Sir.�

�You think so
girl? At your age you should be able to recite them forwards and backwards. Say
your nine times table now.� Holly got to nine times six before stumbling and
mentally adding nines. �Not very good Holly Jackaman,� roared Mr. Smeathers, �I
can see you may be in for a rough time here unless you work much harder.
Goodness knows what they taught you at your other school. But I suppose that
was a council run school.�

�I did advanced
algebra and....�

�Silence you
insolent girl!! Any more of that answering back and you�ll be over this desk.
It�s only because it�s your first day you aren�t having your backside striped
already. Now sit down and we can get on with the lesson. Open your arithmetic
books, page 121 and do questions 1, 3 and 5. And you Jackaman, make sure your
figures are neat and I can see the working out clearly. That is the way we do
things at this school.�

Holly�s eyes
were clouded with tears as she found the arithmetic book in her desk and opened
it at page 121.

Question 1.
Multiply �12..14s..7-1/4d by 15. Holly groaned inwardly. The questions were in
a money system that was outdated long before she was born. She remembered her
grandmother telling her about it but she couldn�t remember how many pennies (d)
there were to a shilling (s) let alone how many shillings in a pound. That at
least was the same. Or was it? She thought she�d better try. Slowly she opened
her new exercise book. A sideways glance and she could see the other children
dipping the pens and writing carefully in their books. �I�d better start
writing something,� she said to herself. Dipping the pen she brought it out
over loaded with ink and her trembling hand caused a drop to fall on the
spotless page. A blot! �Oh lor. These antiquated pens she muttered to herself.�
Deciding to carry on she managed to write the question without despoiling the
page further. In her head she could multiply 7 1/4 by 15 and wrote the answer
but couldn�t get any further without knowing how many pennies in a shilling.
She tried to look at what her neighbour had done. That was a mistake!

�So Holly
Jackaman you not only make a terrible mess of your new book, you only start the
answer and then try and see what Silvia has done. You don�t show any working so
I guess you cheated to get that too. Time for you to get acquainted with our
long thin friend.�

�I didn�t cheat
Sir! I�ve never done these old sums and I�ve never used a pen like this
before!� Holly protested loudly. 

�Silence girl!
That outburst has just doubled your punishment,� Mr. Smeathers shouted as he
made his way towards her, �Come with me.� Grabbing Holly by the ear he dragged
her to the front of the class. �Briggs, come and hold this wretched girl in
position. Methinks she hasn�t been disciplined well before.� A large lad came
forward and pulled Holly�s body down and held it across the front desk.

�No! No! No!�
Holly kept crying out.

�Be quiet,�
Briggs whispered in her ear, �It will be worse if you yell before it hits you.�
Holly felt the hem of her frock being lifted and then pinned to her collar with
what she found out later was a large hatpin. Cool air hit her bottom.
Instinctively she knew everyone in the class was looking at it. She closed her
legs but that wasn�t to Mr. Smeathers liking. Leaning down he gripped her
ankles and spread them widely. Holly felt his breath on her bum and knew he
could see her sex. �That is the proper position for caning at this school for
both boys and girls,� he told her.

Crying with
real fear now, Holly reached out. �Perhaps the escape button will work. Daddy
wouldn�t let me go through this would he?� she thought. She pressed the key.

�Swoosh
CRACK!!� �Aaaaagghh!!� The key hadn�t worked. The pain was an intense a burning
line of fire across her arse. She tried to push herself up but Briggs was
holding her firmly. She tried again. She had to get up. She had to get out from
the game. She tried Ctl/Alt/Del and Alt/F4 but nothing happened. Her efforts
were futile.

Swoosh CRACK!!�
Holly screamed again. The pain was terrible. Swoosh CRACK!!� Swoosh CRACK!!�
�How many more,� Holly asked herself. She knew she couldn�t take many more like
that but she had no choice. Briggs had his arms around her body and was firmly
pressing her breasts into the table. Her face was alongside his crotch and she
could smell his arousal and feel its hardness against her cheek. Her screams
were continuous now and becoming hoarse but Smeathers seemed not to notice.

Swoosh CRACK!!�
Smeathers was taking his time now. Letting the pain from each stroke sink in
before applying the next. Giving her a little time to think. �Were schools
really this horrendous all those years ago?� �Swoosh CRACK!!� Aaaaagghh!!�

�Perhaps some
were. This game was probably based on the worst and all the sexual aspects
would be heightened.�

�Swoosh
CRACK!!� Aaaaagghh!!� Holly�s thoughts became less coherent as the pain
increased. She no longer cared that everyone in the class could see her cunt.
She didn�t care that Briggs� prick was hard in her cheek. Probably Smeathers
was hard too but she couldn�t see. All she wanted was for the caning to finish
but there seemed no sign of that happening. She'd been reduced to a sobbing
wreck. �Swoosh CRACK!!� Aaaaagghh!!� �Swoosh CRACK!!� Aaaaagghh!!� So it
continued until twelve lines of lived red welts criss-crossed her bottom. 

Seemingly in
the distance she heard the cane being hooked over the blackboard and someone
telling her to stand. Briggs released her and the held her upright. For the
moment her legs were too weak to support her. �Perhaps now miss, you will learn
to do exactly what you are told. Otherwise there is plenty more life in that
cane and I�m sure it will be delighted to show you its affection.� Tears
streamed down Holly�s face. Sobs poured from her lips. �Do you understand that
now Miss?� Holly nodded. �Answer me girl!�

Holly opened
her eyes fully for the first time since the beating started and mumbled �Yes
Sir.� Her eyes though focused on the bulge at the front of his trousers. If she
could see it, it must also be obvious to the rest of the class. �Stand in the
corner and face the wall. And quieten down so you don�t disturb the others.
Hands on your head!� Briggs helped her to the corner and returned to his place.
The others were ordered to get on with their work.

Standing
sobbing in the corner, her striped arse in full view of everyone, Holly tried
to think of a way to get out of the game but couldn�t. This was not one of the
kiddie games she'd played before. This was torture. She hadn�t fully realised
just how painful a caning would be and she was certain the one she had was
pretty severe by any standards. 

For half an
hour she stood as still as she could and managed keep her hands on her head
although she desperately wanted to rub her tender arse. Eventually she heard
the class ordered to blot and close their books and shuffle out of the room.
Looking sideways she saw Smeathers close and bolt the door. �Come here Holly,�
he ordered when he�d returned to his desk. �Was that the first caning you�ve
had?�

�Yes Sir.�
Holly thought to keep her answers brief and to the point.

�And would you
like this be the first one of these you�ve had inside you?� Smeathers pulled
out his prick and showed her. Holly was amazed at the size and hardness.
Guessing the size had been maximised in the game, she wondered how badly it
would hurt her. �You don�t have to say yes but I�m sure you will give me cause
for further punishment later.� Smeathers went on.

�I ... I don�t
know,� Holly stuttered.

�Bend over the
desk again girl. I�ll make up your mind for you.� Acting on his own words,
Smeathers pushed Holly back down over the desk and spread her legs. Despite her
protests, Smeathers� prick was soon at her entrance, its bulbous head forcing
her virgin lips apart.

�No! No! No! It
hurts!� Holly cried out in pain.

�Of course it
hurts but not as much as my slim friend. In any case you must get used to
having a man�s pego inside you. You half-rich girls need to do all you can to
satisfy a man if you are to seduce the most eligible and richest of them. All
the other girls here know how to do it very well.� Smeathers thrust all the way
into her. Holly felt him burst through her hymen and screamed and screamed
again when his loins hit her welted arse. Reaching around, Smeathers gripped
her breasts and squeezed them hard while he pounded his prick into her. It
wasn�t long however, before he shot his seed deep inside her and withdrew.

�So much for
losing my virginity to a nice considerate lover,� thought Holly as she sobbed
at the pain and indignity of the rape. 

�Kneel,�
commanded Smeathers. She knelt and found herself facing his limp sticky and
blood streaked prick. �Don�t you know what you should do now?� 

Pictures of
blowjobs on the net hadn�t prepared Holly for mess in front of her. She
couldn�t put that thing in her mouth. �Please no Sir. It�s too disgusting.�

Without further
comment Smeathers reached up and took the cane down again and then undid the
buttons on the front of her dress. He breasts fell out. Holly could see they
were already marked from the mauling they received while he was fucking her.
�Hands behind your head girl.�

�No please Sir,
I�ll suck it for you. You can�t cane them. You mustn�t Sir. Please.�

�I can and I
will. Either you push those titties right out and keep your hands out of the
way or I get Briggs back in. Which will it be? If Briggs holds you, you�ll get
double.�

�I�ll do it
Sir. Please don�t hit hard. I couldn�t stand it.�

�Nonsense girl.
You�ve got to get used to it. Men like girls with sensitive tits. Hands behind
your head.� When Holly complied Smeathers grabbed her hair and laid four
strokes of the cane hard and fast across both her breasts. Another tremendous
scream came from Holly and the pain hit her brain and her eyes saw welts rise
from her smooth white breasts. But Smeathers didn�t give her any time to
recover before pushing his prick in her mouth. It started to harden again so he
pushed it in and out a few times until he was satisfied it was clean. Abruptly
he withdrew. �Get yourself to the lavatory and do what you have to do. Ellen
will clean you up. You have five minutes before the next lesson starts.�
Pulling the hatpin from her dress he pushed her out of the door without
covering her tits.

Hardly able to
walk without considerable pain, Holly staggered a few steps before being caught
by Briggs. �Hold on to me Holly. I�m Reggie by the way. I�ll help you to the
girls� lavs. He fucked you then and you must have displeased him by the state
of your tits.� Holly was too sore to answer but allowed him to half carry her.
�Here she is Ellen. You haven�t long before Feathers rings the bell.�

Ellen was a big
strong girl, daughter of a gentleman farmer who believed his girls should know
what it was like to work. After school she�d have work on the farm and this
frequently involved manual labour, which had built up her muscles. Still
sobbing almost hysterically, Holly�s tear laden eyes hardly took in the long
wooden seat with holes in. She hardly smelt the noisome gasses arising from the
excrement. �Have a piss and then I�ll douche you. Silvie will help.� 

�Aaarrgh!!�
Holly yelled as her arse hit the wooden seat. She tried to lift herself off but
Silvia restrained her.

�Sit, Holly,�
Silvia spoke. �You�ve got to get used to it. You�ll have to sit for the next
lesson anyway and we need to clean you out. Hold your dress up.� 

Holly wriggled
and squirmed around when Ellen tried to insert the douche of cold water. �Get
Reggie, Silvie. He�ll hold her still.�

�Yeah and
she�ll need another douche after if he has his way,� laughed Silvia. Reggie
came in, sat on a seat and held Holly between his legs. Pulling her knees wide
apart so the girls could have access to her cunt, Reggie peered over her
shoulder and watched and then started to suck one of her tits. At first Holly
tried to pull away but Reggie was gentle and Silvia suggested it might help to
keep her mind off what Ellen had to do. It didn�t.

The cold water
entering her vagina brought a sharp reaction that made itself felt even more
because she jumped on the wooden seat and hurt her arse further. A second cold
water dose went in before the sound of a hand bell made them finish in a hurry.


�I can�t go
back to that monster,� Holly cried out, �I must get away.�

�Don�t even
think about it,� Ellen advised, �If you�re caught you could get flogged. We�ve
all had canings like that but usually they are not so bad. Feathers just wanted
to impress you. I�ve seen much worse while I�ve been here.� Turning to Reggie
she asked him to carry Holly back.

Although the
boys spent some time ogling her still exposed breasts no one commented or told
her to put them away. Again the hard seat caused Holly to cry out but that was
silenced by a sharp rebuke from Mr. Smeathers before he ordered their English
books out. Holly was good at English but the instructions were not just
concerned with writing an essay or �composition� as he called it, it was an
exercise in writing. Never being the neatest writer even with a good ballpoint
pen, now she had to not only combat the vagaries of a steel nibbed pen dipped
in liquid ink, her italicised type of writing was frowned on. Smeathers wanted
copper plate writing with gracefully curved and flowing loops. �Please Sir,�
she had pleaded, �I haven�t been taught to write like that.�

�Then now is
the time to learn. And dry your eyes or you will mess the ink as well.�

For half an
hour things went quite well for Holly. It was very slow going. How she wished
for her computer and not have to laboriously write things down in longhand and
to keep dipping the pen to write half a line. Ideas flowed for her composition
but she couldn�t get them down quickly enough and certainly not neatly. Then it
happened.

Mr. Smeathers
was explaining the spelling of a word to Silvia and had his back to the class.
A piece of chalk flew over Holly�s head and hit the blackboard just to one side
of his hand. From the direction, the teacher assumed Holly had thrown it.

�So one
thrashing wasn�t enough for you miss,� Smeathers roared. �You�ll have
difficulty in walking home for lunch today girl.�

�Please Sir. It
wasn�t me Sir. I didn�t do it.� Holly pleaded with him.

�If it wasn�t
you then it must have been Hayward behind you and I�m sure he wouldn�t do a
thing like that. Did you throw the chalk Hayward?�

�No Sir.�

�So it must
have been you miss,� Smeathers went on. �You�ve tried my patience enough today.
Come out to the front.�

�Please Sir, I
beg you to listen. Sir, my eyes are still watering from your caning so I
couldn�t have seen well enough to aim the chalk. Secondly, my breasts are so
sore that moving my arms is painful so I couldn�t have thrown it with enough
force for it to hit the board with such a bang and thirdly Sir, my pen never
left my hand. I am right handed for everything Sir. Please Sir, I didn�t do
it.�

�Any of you
others see what happened and are prepared to rat on your friends?� Smeathers
asked the class. No sound. It was clear Hayward was a teacher�s pet. �Briggs
bring the girl out here.� Before the class again and for the wrong reasons,
Holly once more found herself unwillingly the centre of their attention. Still
she tried to convince her teacher that she was innocent but it was also very
clear he just wanted to cane her again. �Hold her around the back Briggs.� 

When she was
firmly clasped Smeathers pinned the front hem of her dress to the collar so she
was frontally bare from the waist down. Everyone could see her pubic hair and
sex. Sobbing now and begging him not to hurt her any more, Holly started to sag
at the knees. Briggs lifted her slightly. �Hold still,� he whispered. The cane
whistled its way across the top of her thighs, once, twice in rapid succession.

�Stop Sir
please. It wasn�t her Sir.� Brigg�s voice came through clearly. �Sir, I know it
is not ethical to rat on ones friends but neither is it ethical to see a girl
put through this punishment for something she didn�t do. It was Hayward Sir and
I think the rest of the class will back me on that.� They did. Hayward was not
the most popular boy in the small school. Smeathers had no choice but to punish
him.

Surprisingly as
far as Holly was concerned, Mr. Smeathers apologised to her but then diminished
its impact by remarking that she could take it as a prepayment for the mess she
made of her composition. He ordered Hayward to remove his trousers and bend
over the desk. Holly, still standing near the desk with the pinned up at the
front and supported by Briggs noticed Hayward�s full erection. So did
Smeathers. �Stand up boy,� he ordered, �Face the front, hands behind your back.
Push it well out.� This had obviously happened before and Hayward knew what was
coming. So did the rest of the class. All stared at the prick. �Swish�
�Aaagghhh!!� Aaagghhh!!� The cane descended down and the tip hit near the end
of the hardness and swiftly came up again to catch the underside. The force
caused the prick to strike his belly with a loud slap but began to wilt
quickly. Hayward involuntarily gripped his prick in pain.

�Over the desk
again Hayward,� Smeathers ordered, �It�s been quite a while since you had a
real hiding so we had better make this a good one. Miss Jackaman, seeing that
you were punished wrongly for this wretch�s action would you like to give him
the first half dozen?�

The question
caught her by surprise. Should she use the cane on the bottom that was facing
her? Or leave it to Smeathers. �Thank you Sir,� she replied, taking the
proffered cane.

�Lay them on
good and hard, like I would girl. No tickling him. I want to see good deep
stripes like those I put on you.� However although she thought she had hit
quite hard, only a light pink stripe appeared. �No, no NO!� Smeathers yelled.
�Put the power of your body into it as well as your arm. Do that one again.�

Although it
hurt her to swing her body like Smeathers instructed, she put as much effort
into it as she could and this time the stripe was much deeper in colour. After
her fourth stripe, Hayward started groaning loudly. A sense of power began to
course through Holly�s veins. Her fifth went on top of an earlier one and this
caused him to jump up. �Sorry,� she muttered. Briggs held the boy down while
Holly hit him with her last stroke. Suddenly she was ashamed of what she had
done and the feelings she�d had whilst wielding the cane. Tears sprang once
more from her eyes as she handed the cane back to Smeathers.

�Prepare
yourself for a proper caning Hayward. Hold him Briggs.� This time the cane sang
a louder tune and the stripe it produced was deep and soon turned fiery red.
Hayward yelled and continued to do so as a further five red welts decorated his
arse. 

Slowly and very
painfully he rose when released and made his way to the corner. Passing close
to Holly he whispered, �I�ll get you later bitch!�

*****

�I�ll walk you
home,� Reggie Briggs said at lunchtime. The remainder of the lesson had passed
without too many hassles although the wooden seat seemed to become ever harder
as the morning progressed and Holly was told twice not to fidget. Her
handwriting barely passed muster but the content of her composition was deemed
quite good. It now felt good to be in the open air with the arms of a boy
around her. Holly limped along, each step causing her buttock muscles to make
themselves known in a most painful way. 

�I know you
won�t have much time now Holly, but could we get together after school and have
a little ... fun?� The slight pause before �fun� gave her a clue as to what he
wanted. She was still sore from Smeathers rape but thought Reggie would be much
gentler and in any case had he not intervened on her behalf, she would be lot
sorer still.

�I would like
that.� For the first time that day she smiled. She went inside the house she
assumed was her home. Her mind seemed to automatically know where things were.
She found a jug of blackberry cordial, had a drink and then went to the
bedroom. In front of the large mirror she took off her dress and examined the
welts. There must be some cream of something she could put on them to ease the
pain but where and what did it look like?

�Holly? Where
are you? Haven�t you started the dinner yet?� Her father walked in the room
wearing different clothes to what she normally saw him in. These were the
clothes of a manual worker. �Looks like you didn�t behave yourself this
morning.�

�I tried Daddy.
I really did try. First I couldn�t do their sums because I didn�t know anything
about their obsolete money and got caned and then raped for that and then I was
wrongly accused of throwing chalk and old feathers started to cane my front. It
was terrible Daddy. Please don�t make me go back again.� 

�I�m sure it
will be even worse if you play truant dear. Now if I was the sort of father
most girls have in this time, I would have you over my knee and spank you for
getting yourself in trouble at school but I won�t today. I�ll make a couple of
sandwiches and bring them in here so we can eat while I put some of that arnica
cream on you. You just lie an the bed for a few minutes.�

Ten minutes
later Zeke rubbed the arnica cream into the welts on her bottom and then turned
her over and started on her breasts. Holly saw his trousers were trying to
contain an erection. �I can see you�re enjoying my pain Daddy,� she remarked. 

�You could make
it even more enjoyable dear, like you did for your teacher this morning.�

�You want me
to...�

�Only if you
would like to,� her father replied.

Holly had
caught glimpses of it before now she decided she wanted to see and feel it.
Dropping down the codpiece of his trousers, she put her hand in and fished his
prick out. Gently she rubbed it and then slowly took it into her mouth.

�Holly, I think
we had better stop there and return to the real world now.� Her father�s voice
sounded more like it normally did and the pictures faded to blackness and the
severe pains she had been experiencing suddenly vanished. �Sit still a moment
Holly while I unbuckle you. Okay your free now. You're back to the present time
but you�ve been in the game for five hours.� He held his naked daughter firmly
as she very shakily tried to stand. Holly looked at her breasts and was amazed there
were no visible welts. Touching her arse convinced her there were none there
either.

�Jesus Daddy,
you really bloody put me through hell. I was hurt so badly. I was so
humiliated. I was raped and forced to suck him. You wrote that disgusting game
daddy. I nearly sucked you off too. Why did you stop me?�

�I stopped you
because you are my daughter and that could well jeopardise our trust and
relationship with each other. You have to remember also that I really wrote
that game for men to play. They would probably have been the teacher and all
three girls would have been punished and sexually abused in many ways by the
teacher and the boys. You know why I punished you with it is to keep you from
playing my adult games again. That was one of the milder ones. Now go and
shower and put some clothes on and we�ll eat and discus it later. I�m starving
and you must be too.�

*****

�Are you
recovering now?� Zeke asked.

�Physically
yes. Still feel shaky but I cannot yet get the pain and frustration of not
being able to do anything to save myself out of my mind.� Holly snuggled in her
father's protective arms.

�Like when
Hayward lied and you were to have your front caned in front of the class?�

�Yes.� A
moments pause as she thought and asked, �How did you know?�

Zeke smiled. �I
played along with you. I was Reggie Briggs.�

�You saw
me...?� Another pause as the realisation hit her. �You let him hit me like that
and did nothing. You�re a real bastard Daddy. Did you watch him rape me? Reggie
didn�t see that.�

�Yes dear. I
sat at the monitor all the time in case things got too out of hand. I couldn�t
control your actions you know. If you had decided to run out of the class, that
would have started a totally different scene. As Reggie said you would have
been caught and severely punished.�

�I wasn�t
severely punished as it was?�

�Not as bad as
you could have been.� For some time they discussed what could have happened at
various points in the story if she had answered or acted differently. Towards
the end, Zeke asked if she would ever want to do another game.

�Not till I get
over this one. I don�t know how long that will be. Not until next weekend at
least.� She gave her father a smile as if to say I might dare myself again.

Zeke looked at
her and spoke very seriously, �Holly if you ever decide to play one of my adult
games again, please ask first and let me monitor it. I am not sure you might
not end up in a mental hospital if you don�t. As I said, the games are intended
for male players and most times they don�t get badly hurt, they are the ones
that inflict the pain, wield the whip, rape the women, force them to do the
most obscene things. Promise me you�ll ask me first Holly. Promise me that.
Please.�

�So you can
watch your daughter being tortured? So you can see her sexually abused? So you
can get all horny over her?� There was laughter in her voice as she said it.

�To see you
don�t get into serious mental trouble, Holly. I wouldn�t want you to be harmed.
I love you too much for that. Promise me.�

&nbsp;

Chapter 2.
Julie�s ordeal

The summer
holiday rapidly became boring especially particularly as August was unusually
wet. Holly�s friend Julie frequently came by and because of the inclement
weather, they often stayed indoors and played on the computers or, if her
father was out, played with each other. Neither was really a lesbian but both
enjoyed sexually stimulating each other.

One Wednesday,
her father received a phone call from the USA. His friend and collaborator with
the virtual reality games, had died in a car crash but his relations had only
just contacted him to let him know that the funeral was on Thursday. Zeke
rushed around and was able to book a flight from London to Washington DC that
left in about five hours. With a two hour train journey to the airport and a
three hour check in time, Zeke had only time to pack a bag and head out the
door. �While don�t you invite Julie over while I�m away?� he suggested to Holly
as he left, �I know you two will enjoy sharing a bed!� he added with a laugh.

Julie and Holly
had grown up together. Both were of similar appearance, fairly slim without
being skinny, intelligent and attractive. Julie, a few months older at this
time of year, could say she was a year older. Seventeen while Holly had two
months to go before she reached that age.

�Doesn�t look
like we�ll be able to go out this afternoon and if the forecast is correct it�s
going to piss down again tomorrow,� Julie remarked glumly. �How about we shoot
a few tigers or shoot the rapids in a canoe or be pirates on your vid machine?�
These were some of the children type virtual reality games she had played
before. Some were scary but none involved much pain and no sex.�

�Okay, let�s
see what there is?� Holly pulled out the drawer and found one where a woman cop
had to track down an armed murderer. �If you, in the roll of the cop, make a
mistake you could get shot and killed,� she told her friend but if that happens
the video fades back into real life. I�ve been killed twice but I�ve caught the
murderer several times. It changes with every play so it�s always different.
Oooh. Looks like Daddy left one in the machine,� Holly exclaimed as she tried
to insert it in the SDVD machine. Ejecting the cartridge she read the title,
�Bodicea�s Ally� �It�s an adult one, Julie. I don�t dare play it. Some of them
are very painful and obscene. We could get raped by more than one cock.� 

�That might be
fun,� Julie laughed as she picked up the box for the cartridge and read,
�Helena, an ally of Queen Bodicea, helps the queen�s cause by harassing the
Roman soldiers as they seek to subdue the Britons in East Anglia. As a Roman
centurion you set out with a small band of troops to capture Helena and then
use whatever methods of persuasion you wish to force her to reveal the Queen�s
whereabouts.�

�Let�s play it.
We could do all sorts of things if we capture the girl,� Julie suggested.

�You have no
idea Julie. As females we, you or I, would be the girl and could be tortured,
whipped and raped. We could be left mental afterwards.�

�But the events
wouldn�t be real. We would be okay afterwards,� Julie persisted.

�They would
seem real. You feel the terrible pain from the whip and you feel it when a
man�s cock is forced into you. You would feel everything as though it was real.
It feels absolutely real. I know...� Holly broke off remembering.

�You�ve played
one of these adult games?� 

Holly nodded
then shook her head, �Let�s play cops,� she said. Julie could tell her friend
didn�t want to talk about it. 

While idly
watching the monitor as Julie played, Holly noticed her father had added
another lead and connector from the back of the SDVD box. He was always
experimenting with ways to improve the games. �I wonder if two can play?� she
thought to herself as she plugged in another helmet and put it on. It was as
though she was part of Julie playing the part of the cop. She felt and saw
everything she felt and saw but wasn�t able to influence anything she did. When
the murderer�s bullet hit Julie�s shoulder, the pain and blood replicated
itself in Holly. The main difference seemed to be she had more control over her
real self and could remove the helmet at any time without hitting the escape
button first. She decided to keep this information to herself for the time
being.

*****

�What if your
dad caught us doing this,� giggled Julie as the lay naked in bed fondling each
other. They�d had a long sixty-nining session and now lay comfortably
side-by-side gently massaging each other�s breasts.

�He wouldn�t
mind. He knows what we get up to and prefers I make out with women so as not to
get preggers. He sees far worse in his virtual vids. Writes far worse. You
wouldn�t think he was a normal man.� Holly commented.

�Holly? Why
didn�t you want to watch the Bodicea vid? You said you�d played one. Want to
tell me?�

�Jule, you know
it�s not a case of just watching. You are there and things seem very real. The
one I took part in was extremely painful and Daddy told me it was one of the
milder ones.� Holly went on and gave her friend a synopsis of what happened.

�But when it
was over, you were the same as before. No pain, no marks, nothing,� Julie
persisted.

�Nothing but
the effects in my mind of having gone through hell. I really took some days
before I got over it.�

�But you didn�t
know what to expect. Why not let me play it?�

�I don�t think
you are up to it. Now shut up about it and let�s get some sleep. I�ll think
about it in the morning.�

Morning came
and true to the forecast, the rain poured down. Everywhere was saturated. �Have
you decided?� Julie asked tentatively.

�I don�t dare,
Julie. I promised Daddy.� Holly answered. Throughout the day Julie persisted
and Holly relentlessly refused to allow it. 

Friday dawned
still miserably wet but not the downpour of the last few days. �I have to go to
the supermarket and get groceries for the weekend. You coming?� Holly asked.

�I�d better
clear up here a bit. When�s your dad due back?�

�Tomorrow, I
expect. He�ll probably stay and visit with his friends over there. Maybe he�ll
stay the weekend.�

*****

�Dad! You�re
back early.� Holly walked passed the station on her way home from shopping. 

�I didn�t want
to be away from my lovely daughter any longer than necessary,� Zeke gave her a
hug and laughed and then more seriously added, �And I remembered I had left the
Bodicea game in the machine...�

�Yeah we found
it but we didn�t play it. Jule plagued my life out to put it on but I kept my
promise Daddy. I think Julie fancies being virtually raped by a Roman soldier,�
Holly giggled

�What about
you?�

�I wouldn�t
mind trying another adult vid, for a short while anyway.�

�Did you try
out the slave helmet?�

�Yeah. That�s
awesome too. When you going to fix it so both can play in the game?�

�Soon. Then
players can be on opposite sides and rape and torture each other.�

As soon as they
entered the house they could hear Julie was in trouble in the computer room.

�The stupid
bitch put in on,� Holly cried as they rushed into the room. The monitor showed
Julie naked with a Roman cock in her mouth and another being thrust hard into
her vagina. Two more Romans stood by, one with a whip that had obviously been
used on her. Holly picked the escape button from the floor and was about to
press it when her father stopped her.

�Play this
scene through. Let her experience a hard rape.� He took the escape button.

Holly smiled
and picked up the slave helmet. �Are you one of the Romans?� she asked.
Immediately she plugged in, Holly felt the burning pain of stripes across her
arse and breasts, could taste the prick in her mouth the feel the weapon
thrusting inside her very wet cunt. �Julie must be very turned on to be as wet
as this,� Holly muttered loud enough for her father to hear.

It wasn�t long
before both pricks erupted and removed from their orifices. �I like the other
hole,� the Roman whip man growled as he turned Julie over. Her white arse was
criss-crossed with deep red welts. �Hold her still boys, this will make the
Briton bitch squeal. Have a good look at this girl before it opens your arse
right up.�

�She�ll get
many more when we get her to camp Alexis. Might as well make sure she�s well
open before then. Pity we don�t have the baboons here we have in Rome.�

Julie and Holly
cried, �NO!!� in unison when the saw the size of the Alexis�s prick and knew it
was going in their tiny virgin bum holes. �Surely Dad will release us before he
shoves that up her arse,� thought Holly, �My arse is already so sore from the
whipping but I can remove the helmet although I think I ought to keep with her
for a bit.� Julie was totally oblivious to the others in the room. She was part
of the scene being performed on the screen; she was Helena the captured Briton
girl. Both girls screamed again when one of the Roman men pulled Julie�s arse
cheeks apart to give Alexis a better shot at her hole.

Alexis only
laughed, �You�ll be screaming louder still when my prick gets into you. And I
will do it hard so you can feel it bitch. You�ve had your time playing and
killing us. Now you�re going to suffer.� Already it was at the entrance trying
to force its way in. The pain was intense and both girls screamed and yelled
uncontrollably. Holly, able to see beyond the virtual images, shouted to her
father to press the button but he had placed it out of reach and was furiously
wanking his cock. �The bastard�s getting off on our pain!� then she remembered
it was the reason these videos were made. He wrote them. It was the first time,
though she�d seen him masturbate during a performance.

Julie�s hole
was now stretching and the prick was inexorably entering. Little by little and
accompanied by a horrendous burning pain it went in to its full long length.
Both girls knew they were being split and torn and must be bleeding although
Holly realised it was only in her mind but that was more than enough. Then the
fucking started. Alexis pumped with long hard strokes delighting in the pain he
was causing Julie and giving himself much pleasure. Finally just as Julie felt
she could no longer stand it, Alexis ejaculated deep into her bowels and
removed his prick. 

�Now look what
you�ve done, you little bitch. Look what a mess you�ve made of my prick.�
Alexis held his softening prick in Julie�s face. Instinctively she tried to
pull back but found her head held by the other men. Slowly Alexis pushed his
sperm and shit covered prick under Julie�s nose. �Suck it clean bitch. You made
it in a mess, you clean it up.� Julie shook her head and kept her lips tightly
shut. �Fine, if that�s the way you want it. You�ll be begging for it soon.
Stake her out men.�

Quickly the men
laid Julie on her back, tied her wrists to a tree and spread and tied her
ankles to a nearby log. �Put another log under the small of her back to raise
her arse off the ground,� Alexis ordered, �That�ll give us full access to her
cunt.� Alexis picked up his whip again. �You Britons have to learn that what we
Romans tell you to do must be obeyed without question. We are the superior
race, you will do what we tell you.� Alexis flicked the whip between her legs.
The tail end curled under and cut into both her slit and arsehole. Next the
whip bit into her right nipple, then the left. Blood dribbled down Julie�s
breasts.

�Please, I�ll
do it! I�ll do it!� Julie�s voice was hoarse from screaming.

Yes, I thought
you�d soon beg. Perhaps I�ll just go round again to make sure you�ll do a good
job.� He proceeded to flick the whip over the three already tenderised places.
In his own self interest he deliberately tried not to cut her cunt, he wanted
to use that again later, and the lines across each tit this time were clear of
the nipples. For the girls it was extremely painful. Holly slipped off her top
and massaged her tits and then thrust a hand inside her knickers.

�So you�re
ready now are you?� Julie didn�t answer but opened her mouth when Alexis knelt
and raised her head to his prick. �Make sure you clean it good. Use your tongue
and if there are any teeth marks I�ll whip your tits to shreds. We don�t have
to take you back alive.�

Holly again
looked at her father. She lifted her helmet and shouted to him to press the
escape button but he was more interested in the happening on the screen. As she
glanced at him so he grabbed a tissue and held it to his prick. �Perhaps now
he�s come, he�ll stop it,� she thought as she slipped the helmet on again and
her mind was torn back to her own situation. She could taste the foul prick as
it went in Julie�s mouth, she could taste the spunk and the shit. Alexis held
Julie�s head still and the growled, �Now I�m going to wash it down for you.�
The hot acrid urine hit the back of her throat and Julie was forced to swallow
much of it. By now she was passed caring and just fell back on the ground when
Alexis released her.

�We�ll leave
her tied like that for the night, then we can have her any time we feel like
it. It�s too dark now to find our way across these marshes.� Zeke hit the
escape button.

Both Holly and
Julie were sobbing when they came back to reality. Through her tears Holly
asked, �Daddy why did you let it go on so long? Why didn't you stop when I
yelled at you? Did you just want to see us hurt and get the taste of that foul
stuff to get your rocks off?�

�Not entirely,
but as you saw, it did get me hard and I had to do something about that. No, I
thought that if you experienced the full horror of it, you either wouldn�t ever
want it again or if you did, you�d have a better idea of what was likely to
happen to you.� Putting his arms around both the still trembling girls he
turned to Julie and went on, �I�m extremely cross with you, Julie. Maybe you
were punished enough, just by taking part in the vid but maybe a real life
spanking would be better. I�m too angry now so perhaps we ought to have a shower
and something to eat and then we�ll talk about it. You girls go first. You can
comfort each other.�

An hour later
Julie and Holly, still shaking and feeling somewhat sick, sat on the settee in
front of Zeke. �Holly, you asked why I let the vid run so long. In the
beginning it was as a punishment, same as the vid I made you watch a while
back. Then I got into watching it. I enjoyed seeing Julie naked and being
fucked but for once I was seeing the story from a woman�s point of view. These
virtual videos are made for men to watch. Had I been playing I would be been
Alexis but I doubt if I would be been as cruel as he was. But the market client
could well be worse, so what you experienced was a sort of mid range man I
programmed in. You seem to have been caught very early on in the vid Julie. Had
you caught a soldier, you could have done things to him. You could have had sex
with him on your terms.�

�I hardly got
started and the four men came up behind me without my knowing,� Julie
explained. �Then they stripped me and raped me before making me walk back to
their camp. Alexis whipped me as we went along. When we got to the campsite
they all took turns and did disgusting things with me as you saw. I�m sorry Mr.
Jackaman, I know I shouldn�t have played it but I suffered for doing it. Please
don�t say anything to my parents.�

�No, I won�t do
that Julie. Holly, being a sort of slave to Julie must have made it more
difficult for you and I was surprised you didn't remove the helmet a lot
earlier on. Was it loyalty or were you secretly enjoying it? You felt her pain
and tasted that prick, all without being able to do anything at all to control
it. All the decisions were Julie�s. Had you been the main character you could
have opted to suck that prick straight off and saved yourself the feel of the
whipping.�

�Yes, it was
different for me. I was in my own body, in my own time. My mind felt and tasted
the things as they happened to Julie. I could see you and what you were doing.
I could feel the whip bite into my breasts and saw the marks, like on Julie�s.
The pain was terrible but at least I could use my hands to rub them. I just
couldn�t get up from the seat to press the button. Yes, I could have removed
the helmet but I thought I'd see it through with Julie and hoped you would get
us out of it sooner than you did. In a way I suppose I trusted you not to let
it go too far.�

The discussion
continued for most of the evening until at nine-thirty Zeke said, �Girls, I�m
whacked out. Jet lag and hardly any sleep for two nights. Comfort and play with
each other like I expect you do when I�m not here.� For a moment he paused and
then added, �Of course if you need male comfort, you know where my room is....�

&nbsp;

Chapter 3.
Virgins no longer

A month later
both girls had recovered from the Bodicea�s Ally video scene and indeed often
joked about what was done to them. Julie now lived with them because her
parents had a temporary work assignment in the Japan and she wanted to continue
her studies at a local college. She had her own room but most frequently slept
with Holly. On this particular evening they sat naked side by side on the
settee watching a porn video Julie had borrowed from one of her fellow
students. They thought they were alone as the video showed four black men
abduct, spank and now were fucking two white girls. &quot;We'll hear your
father shut the shower off,&quot; Julie said, &quot;And we'll have time to get
our robes on and change the video while he's drying himself.&quot; Absorbed as
they were they didn�t hear Zeke, clad only in his robe, enter the room and
stand behind them.

�Bit tame after
your Dad�s vids,� Julie remarked.

�Yeah and a lot
less painful,� answered Holly, �You know something Julie?� Holly paused.
�Sometimes I think it would be nice not to have to decide when to lose my
virginity and who to do it. In some ways I wouldn�t mind being taken and raped
provided it wasn�t one of the Roman soldiers!�

�I would like
it to be someone experienced,� Julie went on, �Someone with a nice prick. Like
your Dad for instance. I�m surprised he hasn�t tried it with me already. He
knows we�re both on the pill and have been for months and since the vid he�s
seen me naked enough times.� Both girls giggled. �Look at the size of that
black cock going in her mouth! At least it�s not shitty and messy like Alexis�s
was.�

�I�ve often
imagined being fucked by Daddy too, Jules. I think he would too but is scared
to make the first move. Should we try and seduce him?� More giggles as the
girls watched the screen and debated various ways of getting Zeke to fuck them.
Looking over their shoulders Zeke could see each had a hand in the other�s
crotch. His prick stood rigidly out. He pushed it between their heads.

The movement
caused both girls to turn in surprise only to find their lips close to the
erect prick. �Daddy!� Holly exclaimed, �What are�? How long...?�

�Isn�t this
what you wanted to seduce?� Zeke laughed, �Yes, I was too scared to make the
first move. Now are you going to send me back to bed or can I watch the video
with you?�

�We�ll want you
to do more than watch with us,� Julie was in a giggling mood. �Are you going to
spank us for being naughty and then tie us down and rape us? With this big fat
prick?�

�And make us
suck it like Alexis did?� Holly added. 

For some time
they bandied various scenarios around and tried to convince Zeke they really
were serious about losing their virginities but he was adamant in his refusal
to do it for them. �Holly you�re my daughter so it would be incest and Julie,
what would your parents say if they learned I seduced you? But I don�t mind
playing along with your games but I will stop short of penetrating you.&quot;
Zeke picked up the remote and shut off the DVD. �Get upstairs you disgusting
creatures. I never thought I would see such sluttish behaviour from a daughter
of mine and her equally sluttish friend. Both of you wait in my room. I�ll be
up to deal with you shortly.� The girls swiftly acted their parts and protested
loudly, they weren�t doing anything wrong but Zeke did not heed them and again
ordered them to his room. 

For ten minutes
or so, Zeke pottered around tidying the lounge, not that it was needed but to
keep them waiting. Both girls stood as he entered the bedroom. �Get yourselves
bent over the footboard and stretch your arms right forward and clasp each
other�s hands.� Julie lay tightly to Holly�s left side, their bodies touching. 

�I think your
Daddy is going to spank us Holly. Does he do it often? Does he hurt?�

�Too often,
Jules, you don�t know what a monster he can be when you�ve been naughty. It�s
the second time this week. We won�t sit in comfort for a month after he caught
us watching that rude film.� While the two girls were working on their spanking
scene, Zeke removed several ties from his closet and used one to bind all four
wrists together. Two more ties he fastened together and used the length to
connect the girls wrists to the headboard. Holly gave a strong pull and soon
found out they really were fastened.

�Now girls I�m
going to spread your legs so your virgin slits are well on display and if I see
fit, I can lay a few hard hits right on them.�

Holly began to
get worried. �Would her father thrash her like in some of the vids? He wrote
the scenes!� She started to protest. Ignoring it, Zeke tied Julie�s right ankle
to Holly�s and pulled both and fastened them to a bed leg. Repeating the
binding of the left ankles he fastened them to the opposite leg and stood back
to admire his handiwork. The centre pair of legs crossed at the knees but both
girl�s cunt�s were open and well in view.

�I�m very
tempted girls, to do as you asked and ram my prick up you delightful young
cunts but I�ll control myself and make do by giving your bums a good hard
slippering. It won�t be as bad as the punishments you had in the vids but it
will hurt and worse, the hurt won't go away after I finish.

The girls
started to wriggle and squirm when Zeke massaged their bums and then started
between their legs. His hand became wet with their juices. �Okay, ladies. Time
now to really warm those white arses. Don�t expect me to be gentle either!�
Zeke took off his size 11 slipper and showed them. �One advantage of having
large feet,� he laughed. �Nice big leather sole. It will make a good size red
mark on those tender bums of yours.�

Holly and Julie
still weren�t sure if this was all part of the play act. Part of their minds
thought he would only get a token spanking. The other part worried he might
just lay in on hard. Holly started to plead this had gone far enough and to be
released. �Just fuck us, Zeke,� Julie suggested, �We can do without the
spanking, please. We can see your prick is all ready for it.� They had good
reason to be worried.

The first blow
hit Holly�s right arse cheek. Its impact flattened the flesh and brought forth
a loud howl from the recipient. A large red mark replaced the whiteness.
�Christ Daddy! Not that hard!� Holly screamed at him.

�WHAP!!� Julie
took a similar blow to her bum. �Cripes!� she yelled but before she could get a
further cry out Holly�s left bum cheek took a blow and the scream from Holly
overshadowed her comment. Zeke now laid blow after blow methodically and
alternately to each girls arse. Sobs and tears soaked the bedclothes, begging
and pleading replaced truculence but Zeke didn�t stop until each girl had taken
twenty hard swats to each cheek. Through tear filled eyes they saw Zeke put his
slipper back on and wondered what he would do next. �Will he fuck me?� Julie
said to herself, a comment that was echoed in Holly�s mind. 

But Zeke kept
his promise. Kneeling behind the two reddened and very sore arses, he allowed
his hands to gently rub the tender areas and then her plunged his mouth to his
daughter�s cunt. It took Holly by surprise and she let out a little cry. Zeke
tongued and licked her slit and sucked her clit. Soon Holly�s cries subsided to
be replaced by murmurs of ecstasy as her climax gathered momentum and finally
overwhelmed her. 

Julie couldn�t
see what was being done to her friend and could only feel Zeke�s finger inside
her vagina. �What�s happening?� she kept asking to no one in particular but
never received a reply. She found out soon after Holly�s noisy climax when Zeke
turned his attentions to her cunt and brought her to an orgasm too.

*****

�The bastard!�
Julie said to Holly as they lay together on top of Holly�s bed. �All that pain
and we�re still virgins!�

�I never
expected Daddy to hit as hard as that,� Holly answered, �But he did give us a
good cum afterwards.�

�I wanted a
real fuck.� Julie was petulant.

�So did I, but
he said he wasn�t going to.�

�Why don�t we
go back in there and make him?� Julie suggested.

�We might get
another hiding.�

�Not if we tie
him up first. Bet he hasn�t put those neckties away yet. I�m going to walk to
the bathroom and peek through his door. It�s always open.� Julie did so and
returned. �We�ll have to work fast. He�s wanking himself off. Ties are all on
the bedside chair.�

The assault was
quick and with the element of surprise on their side, the girls quickly had
Zeke�s hands tied to the bedhead rail. Fastening his ankles took a little
longer because Zeke kicked out at them each time they approached but with his
hands tied it wasn�t too long before his legs were spread and tied to the
footboard.

�I�m first,�
Julie stated, �This was my idea.� Holly acquiesced.

Zeke still protested
they shouldn�t do it. �You should wait until you get boyfriends of your own age
who will do it willingly,� he said but Holly dismissed the comment.

�Once we�ve
lost our virginities, there will be no reason for you not to fuck us regularly
so when we do want to do it with a boyfriend, we�ll know exactly what to do
because you will have trained us, Daddy.�

By now Julie
had positioned herself over Zeke�s prick. Holly held it and aimed it at her
friend�s cunt. �Oooww!� Julie groaned, �My bum muscles are so sore it hurts to
squat like this. You should have done it when we were bent over.� Holly
steadied her friend as she lowered herself on to the erection under her. Zeke
watched helplessly as his prick slowly entered the tight cunt. His mind was
torn two ways. He didn�t want to spoil the relationship he�d built up with the
two girls but at the moment lust was taking over. It had been a difficult
struggle not to ram his prick into the two open cunts earlier, now as the warm
confines of one, enclosed his hardness he was desperate for a fuck. As Julie
let herself down until her hymen touched the tip of the prick, Zeke rammed
upwards and burst through it for her. The pain was sharp and Julie cried out.
She let her body go and the prick slid into its full depth. For a short while
she just sat there, impaled on her friend�s father�s prick. Her virginity gone.

�Fuck him
Jules,� Holly whispered. Slowly at first but with gathering momentum, Julie
lifted and lowered her body on the hard manhood inside her until she felt her
womb filled with sperm and the hardness gradually soften. �Let me see.� Holly
examined her friend�s messy cunt. �Sit on his face. Make him clean you,� she
said and when Julie complied went on, �Give her a good licking Daddy. I want
her nice and clean for later.� I soon became obvious from the way Julie was
moving that Zeke�s tongue was performing well. Holly turned her attention to
his prick, now lying soft and sticky on his thigh. Remembering the tastes from
her vid adventures, she lifted it and could smell the spunk, the traces of
virgin blood and sex on it. Almost without thinking she put it in her mouth and
gently sucked it. �Julie can clean him when I�ve had my turn,� she said to
herself. �Looks as if I will have to wait a bit though.�

Julie now seemed
done with Zeke�s attentions and climbed off the bed. �How long before you are
hard enough to do Holly?� she asked him.

�Maybe an hour,
maybe more. I shot a load earlier before I came down to see the video.� 

�Okay. I�m
going to release your feet but not your hands and then we�re going to sleep in
bed with you until we can get you hard again and then it�s Holly�s turn to be
fucked.� Julie seemed to be in charge.

4:23, so read
the large red figures on the clock. Holly was awake. She�d only dozed during the
whole night. She again slid her hand down to her father�s prick and found
Julie�s hand already there. The prick was fairly hard. Together they rubbed it
until it stood firm. Zeke groaned. �He�s awake, Holly,� Julie remarked, �You
want your turn now or wait till later?�

�Now. I�m
wide-awake anyway. Put the light on. How�s your arse?�

�Very tender.
And yours?�

�Same. Let�s
strip the bedclothes off and get him ready.�

�Holly?� Zeke
started, �You�ve won. If you wish, I�ll do it to you in the normal missionary
position. You won�t have to do the work yourself then.�

�You promise?�
Holly questioned and on receiving the affirmative, they released his hands.

Minutes later,
Holly�s virginity had gone. Zeke was thrusting hard into his daughter�s tight
cunt encouraged by Julie urging him to do it harder. All too soon for Zeke, his
climax came and he shot his seed deep into the waiting womb. For a while he
left his cock to soften inside her, in fact it would have been difficult to
remove it because his daughter had her legs scissored behind his back. �Thank
you Daddy,� Holly whispered, �You could have done that years ago.�

It was Julie's
turn to do the cleaning and she did it so effectively that Zeke�s prick
hardened again. �I want it like Holly,� she cried as she laid herself on her
back.

&nbsp;

Chapter 4. The contest

�Girls,� Zeke
stood somewhat pompously in front of Julie and his daughter Holly, �I have
produced a new virtual vid. One which you might want to play.�

�Yeah Daddy,
like last time when we get hurt and you get so horny you won�t stop it.� It was
four months since they�d played the Bodicea game and memories were still
strong. 

�I�m not saying
you won�t get hurt, but you should have a better chance this time and you�ll
both be playing, not one playing while the other experiences the same feelings.
I�ve used the main part of the Queen Bodicea game but this time you are two
female Roman gladiators. Powerful women who are charged with finding out the
whereabouts of the queen. As with all these games the play is largely
determined by your decisions. This game always starts the same way. You and
ninety-eight Roman soldiers under the leadership of a Centurion, arrive by sea
at what is now Colchester but which was then called Camulodunum or as they
spelled it, Camvlodvnvm.�

�Do we get
raped in it?� Julie laughed as she asked.

�You might be
or you might be the ones doing the raping. It all depends how you play the
scene or how it unfolds.�

�We�ll think
about it,� Holly stated. �Perhaps on Saturday. I suppose you�ll be watching?
Will it take all day?�

�Of course I�ll
watch,� her father replied, �I know I get to see you both naked enough now but
it will be nice to see you with other pricks in you and people doing things I
wouldn�t dare do. As for how long, it could take all day, or you could be
killed in the first ten minutes.�

Saturday dawned
grey and cold. Winter was upon them and the easterly wind blew seemingly
non-stop from Siberia. On days like these there was nothing much to do in the
village except stay inside in the warm... and play video games!

Zeke strapped
the girls to their seats and saw their helmets and controls were adjusted. This
was still the alpha version and the game had yet to go out for testing. When
all was ready Zeke gave them their final instructions. �You can abort anytime
during the credits and information feed in but once the game starts, I will
take the escape button and will only use it if and when things get far too bad
for my sensibilities. I shan�t use it just because you are getting flogged or
raped in the bum by a legion of soldiers.�

The credits
scrolled up and then the warnings followed by the prologue information. �You
have been in Camvlodvnvm for three weeks of intensive training after a long sea
voyage from Rome. Your mission is to go out into the countryside and find the
whereabouts of the carefully guarded Queen Bodicea and either destroy her or
report back to the legion. It is the last afternoon of your training before
being sent on assignment and to test your worthiness for the task you are
matched in mock battle with two other legionnaires. Two girls dressed in
peasant clothes are thought to have a better chance of finding the queen than a
hundred soldiers. Do you wish to continue or abort?� 

Holly and Julie
looked at each other for a second and simultaneously said, �Yes.� The game now
installed information it collected from each brain into its own memory. After a
minute or two Holly and Julie found themselves standing side by side in a grass
meadow. Both wore simple white tunics and togas with a blue sash and belt. In
front and towering over them stood Centurion Pablonicus. The girls knew from
previous experience he was a hard taskmaster and, more than that, resented
having two girls in his squad. He only tolerated them because orders from his
commander had said they had to be prepared for the task of finding the queen by
infiltrating into the Briton outposts.

�Hollicus and
Juliena,� the Centurion roared, �To see how capable you are of tackling an
enemy bigger than yourselves, you are each to fight one of your fellow
soldiers. We don�t anticipate you will win but you must put up a good fight. To
encourage you, we will allow the winner of the bout to put the leather strap
across the bare arse of the loser. The better you perform the less the number
of strokes you receive. The winner of course will also have free use of your
bodies.�

�And if we win
we get the same honour Sir?� Holly asked.

�If you win,�
the Centurion grinned evilly. Holly rightly guessed things would be weighted
against them. The crowd lining the meadow would want to see the two girls
soundly strapped and ravished. �Bring on the two opponents,� the Centurion
roared again and two of the biggest men in the squad stepped forward. �Bring
forth the weapons!� Four soldiers stepped forward with four heavy swords. Holly
groaned. They had only ever used much lighter swords in training. Even for its
size, Holly�s seemed unduly heavy and the blade much thicker than normal. Yes,
things were definitely and literally weighted against her. She could lift and
swing the weapon if she used two hands but wouldn�t be able to do so for long,
nor with any accuracy. Julie�s sword, while large was the same as her
opponents. Holly guessed the Centurion wanted an excuse to have her punished and
brought to his quarters later. �Stand ten paces apart!� When all were in
position, he dropped a white cloth to signal the start of the contest.

Brutus, Holly�s
opponent, came forward. Holly darted to one side. Her agility was her
advantage. Brutus, big and powerful though he was, lacked the speed to go with
it. Relentlessly he came after her, swinging his heavy sword like it was a
table knife. �You can�t run forever, Hollicus,� he laughed, �And then I get to
redden that white arse of yours and shove my cock hard into your tight little
cunt.� Holly darted away and looked at the onlookers. Other soldiers, their
wives and a miscellaneous assortment of slaves and a Briton chief who had vowed
allegiance to Rome in return for keeping his home and some of his land. 

Having darted
away from Brutus again, Holly saw Julie was struggling to hold her own with
Neronicus. Like Holly she had more speed and agility but the heavy sword was
sapping her strength. Holly�s was heavier still. She was tiring from just
carrying it. Brutus was still lumbering towards her, now only ten feet
separated them. Holding the sword by the centre of the blade, Holly threw it
like a spear. It landed between Brutus�s legs. For a moment he stopped,
startled and bewildered. Only cowards threw away their weapons. Holly ran. Only
cowards ran away from a fight. The crowd hissed and booed. Brutus, in his
disgust held his sword high, turned his back on her and walked towards the
Centurion.

Julie used the
diversion to her advantage and had Neronicus backing away for a while until he
recovered his composure and brought the attack to her once more.

Despite her
apparent cowardice, Holly had a plan. Her running was not haphazardous. She ran
to the local chieftain. He, thinking she had come to him for protection, opened
his arms but before he could close them around her, she�d slid his sword from
the scabbard and was running back towards Brutus. Although his ears heard the
shouting Brutus didn�t realise anything was amiss until he felt a sword prick
in his neck. �Never turn your back on an opponent, Brutus,� Holly laughed, �But
I�ll let you off this once. Walk ten paces and then turn and fight.�

Holly knew she
could have won the fight there and then, but with the crowd already against
her, the fight would not have deemed fair and she probably would have been
disqualified and beaten and raped anyway. Brutus walked and turned to face his
opponent. Now she had a much smaller and lighter sword, almost a light
ceremonial weapon. A thin shiny blade, like those made in Gaul. Holly ran and
danced around Brutus, her sword giving him a dig in the ribs or arm. All this
delighted the crowd almost as much as the sight of her sweat soaked tunic and
the breasts that bounced so freely beneath it.

�One good swipe
with my weapon and it will break that puny sword in two,� Brutus thought.
Little did he know Holly had attended after school fencing classes in Secondary
school and played computer fencing games. For once she could put her knowledge
and skills to real use. Her darting moves and thrusts had the crowd cheering.
Brutus was baffled. His sword swung in a wide arc that if it connected would
have decapitated Holly. He was getting careless and not heeding the instruction
not to physically harm her.

Ducking under
the blade, Holly put her right leg behind his and toppled the big man. The
sword fell from his grasp and Holly�s fine blade touched his throat. �Pax,� he
muttered.

The crowd
gathered round. Centurion Pablonicus was furious and wanted the contest
disallowed. �The bitch threw away her sword and ran. That should have been the
end of the fight.�

The Governor
disagreed. �Sire,� Holly spoke up, �I made a tactical retreat like I am sure
you have in many battles. I retreated and came back in a stronger position and
won the fight fairly. Brutus is the one who should be reprimanded for turning
his back and thinking the battle was over before it really was.� 

Governor
Augustus said nothing for the moment, but stood the two winners on a small
raised platform and placed laurel wreaths on their heads. The losers knelt at
their feet. Julie looked worried. Her thoughts were on just how badly her arse
would be strapped and how fierce the rape would be. �I put up a good fight,�
she told herself, �But I tired from wielding that heavy sword.� Her attention
returned to Governor Augustus who started to address the audience.

�Citizens and
soldiers. This afternoon we witnessed two most unusual contests. Neronicus and
Juliena were well matched and put on a good show but Juliena lacked stamina.
However, it provided us with some good sport and I have decided to be lenient
with her. Neronicus won and I give him the honour of publicly applying the
strap ten times and then to show her how neither his stamina nor his other
sword was affected by the contest. He will take her as his slave until they
leave on their mission at first light.� Julie groaned inwardly as the crowd
roared their approval. She her arse and cunt would be very sore by the time she
left. 

�We had a very
different contest between Brutus and Hollicus. Two very unequal opponents but
brought to a fair conclusion when, to use her words, Hollicus made a tactical
withdrawal and re-equipped herself. Thereafter she was like an annoying
mosquito biting Brutus and annoying him enough to lose the bout. For a trained
soldier he made two grave mistakes. First he turned his back on Hollicus before
the bout was declared over and secondly, he allowed the taunting sword to cloud
his judgement and to fight in anger. He did not keep a cool clear head, both
serious breaches of discipline. We saw how Hollicus could have ended the
contest when she returned with a fresh weapon but chose to free him and give
him a second chance and us, some fine entertainment. I am giving her unlimited
use of the strap as a reward for her courage and ability. Brutus, I trust you
will take your punishment like a real Roman soldier should, even if it is from
a woman.�

A small arena
area was cleared around the platform and Augustus gave the order for the
entertainment to begin. �Entertainment?� thought Julie, �Punishment more like.
Only ten strokes, he said. That�s a helluva lot on my bum.� Neronicus ordering
her to undress jerked her out of her reverie. For a moment Julie almost
protested but in time remembered reading how the Romans loved these public
spectacles and would undoubtedly increase her thrashing if she refused. �Damn
that Holly,� she muttered as she slowly undid her tunic, �Trust her to get away
scot-free while I get beaten and raped in front of a crowd and probably again
overnight when I have to be his slave.� The crowd shouted its approval as
Julie�s breasts were revealed and even more when she lowered the toga and they
could see the mass of blonde curls that covered her mound. She covered them
with her hand.

�Don�t worry about hiding it, Juliena,�
Neronicus said, �Everyone will get a much better view later.� Bending her over
the platform, he spread her thighs so she was indeed well displayed for
everyone to see. Her whole body blushed red at the thought. �Hold tight to the
other end of the dais,� Neronicus ordered and then whispered, �I�ll be a gentle
as I dare but everyone is expecting to see a well reddened arse and if I don�t
do it hard enough, I�ll be ordered to do it again. Make sure you hold tight and
take it like a tough soldier should.�

Julie thought
she detected a little care and concern in Neronicus�s voice and perhaps there
was but when the leather struck for the first time this was quickly dispelled.
A broad band of fire crossed her arse. A scream gushed from her lips. Somehow
she willed herself to hold tight. Holly stood leaning on her sword, watching
only from only a short distance was concerned for her friend but was powerless
to do anything about it. Neronicus was perhaps a little easier on her for the
next few strokes. Her arse suffered seven strokes of the thick leather strap
until it was completely covered with a broad band of liquid fire. Neronicus
gave her the final three across her back and shoulders, guessing she would have
passed out if he continued to thrash her derriere. By the time her punishment
ended. Julie was reduced to a sobbing wreck. Her body hardly moved under the
lash and her scream had become incoherent groans.

�So sorry Julie
my slave,� Neronicus whispered as he carefully picked her up and gently laid
her belly up on the dais, �Our backers need to see a good show and if had
really been an enemy the lash would have drawn blood.� Yet another cry left
Julie�s lips as her tender back and arse felt the hard wood under it. �Can you
pull your knees to your ears or do you want me to ask for some assistance.�

Dulled as her
brain was by the pain, Julie suspected she would have to service the helpers as
well as Neronicus. �You push them back and I�ll hold them.� She knew that in
that position she would be very well displayed to the crowd, even to Holly and
that Brutus kneeling at her feet. She also knew from the many times she did it
that way with Holly�s father, that Neronicus would be able to penetrate her
easily and deeply.

Through her
opened thighs she watched Neronicus remove his tunic and toga and showed his
erect prick to the onlookers. �Damn these vids,� Julie said to herself, �They
always give the men bigger pricks than in real life, but I bet they haven�t
given me a bigger cunt to accommodate them!� Through tear filled eyes, Julie
watched as Neronicus displayed his cock first to the audience and then directly
to Holly who stretched out her hand and felt it. In doing so her toga moved
aside slightly to reveal Brutus underneath with his lips on her mound. �It�s
all right for you Miss Clever Clogs, you haven�t had a thrashing and are not
going to be raped,� Julie muttered.

�Fuck her! Fuck
her! Fuck her!� chanted the crowd and Neronicus turned his weapon towards the
open and waiting cunt. Fortunately Julie had started to become aroused from the
embarrassment of being on display so, although the prick stretched her
painfully wide and, much to the crowd�s delight, caused her to yell at the top
of her voice, once it was passed the entrance it slid in fairly easily. For a
few minutes Julie lay passive while Neronicus pounded his prick into her but
soon her innate delight in having a man inside her womanhood, prompted her to
thrust back and to meet his strokes. Always noisy when she climaxed, Julie
cried out when her orgasm came. The crowd cheered but it was several minutes
later before Neronicus propelled his seed deep inside her body and slowly
withdrew.

�Looks like she
enjoyed that even if she was sore from the thrashing,� commented Holly to the
Briton chieftain who she now found was standing beside her. He nodded sagely.

�Kneel at my
feet slave Juliena,� commanded Neronicus. As she knelt Julie pre-guessed the
next instruction and without bidding took his flaccid prick in her hand and
squeezed another drop of sperm from the eye and then took as much of the now
slightly stiffening flesh into her mouth. Having experienced this at home many
times in the last few months, apart from the abnormal size, it was no great
hardship. Quite unlike the previous game time when she�d been forced to do it.

*****

�Time for your
punishment Brutus!� roared the Governor as he handed Holly the punishment
strap.

�Strip off then
slave Brutus,� Holly grinned, �Let us all see what is pushing that toga of yours
so far out.� Like Neronicus, Brutus was an exhibitionist and proudly displayed
his erect and fully hard prick to everyone. �Wow! Not many slaves have one as
big as that,� commented Holly as she stroked it unashamedly in before the
assembly. I just hope it will still be hard after I�ve attended to your bum.
You know the score. Lay over the dais.�

Still
disgruntled from not only losing the contest but the manner of its losing,
Brutus lay down. He had to show he had honour particularly in front of the
Governor and the Centurion. If he showed his resentment he would lose favour
but if he showed courage and spirit and accepted his punishment as a true
gladiator, then he could well gain much esteem and possible promotion later.
�After all,� he said to himself, �She�s only a bit of a girl so she won�t be
laying it on as hard as Neronicus did to her friend. She�s even hinted I might
give her a dose of my prong afterwards.�

�Thrash him
well for as long as you like,� ordered Governor Augustus, �It is rare for us to
see a slip of a woman putting a man of his stature to the leather.�

Holly, placing
her sword upright in the soil by Brutus�s head, felt she was being obliged to
uphold her part in bringing women to warrior status. Laid out in front of her,
Brutus bronzed body twitched slightly in anticipation rather than dread at the
thought of the lash that was going to warm and redden the tan. Swinging the
leather strap in a wide arc, Holly brought it down fiercely across the back of
Brutus�s thighs, just above the knee join. Brutus jerked and groaned. It wasn�t
where he expected it to land and wasn�t mentally prepared to receive it. The
next stripe landed across his shoulders and there after the target area seemed
to be randomly picked. Anywhere between his knees and neck. Holly didn�t spare
any part of the target area flesh but did concentrate on his arse. Despite his
resolve, Brutus began to groan louder under the continued blows but forced
himself not to plead for mercy. 

Handing the
thick leather strap back to the governor, Holly ordered, �Turn over slave
Brutus.� He winced as his very tender arse and back touched the hard dais.
Inside, Brutus fumed at having to submit to this bit of a girl who didn�t even
fight fair. He should have been the one applying the strap and then ramming his
prick in her tight young cunt. She should be the one on her back. Outwardly
though, his training kept him calm. Holly�s eyes were fastened on the huge
prick that now pointed skywards. Her thrashing had made it even harder.
Kneeling, Holly clasped the weapon in her hand and slowly massaged its length,
an action that caused Brutus to lift his loins in response. 

�Lie still
slave Brutus,� Holly ordered, �This is my toy, for my pleasure not yours. Keep
still.� Lowering her head, she licked the enormous prick in her hand and the
opening her mouth the take the head in. Holly knew the crowd would want to see
this weapon inside her but she had never been fucked by a prick anything like
this size. Despite the fact she knew it would hurt her, she wanted it. Her
juices were flowing but she needed to add more lubricant to the prick itself.
Hence it was in her mouth and her tongue coating the head liberally with
saliva.

�Your friend is
going to be well filled,� Neronicus remarked to Julie as they both watched.

�She always is
a bit of a slut,� Julie commented, �She didn�t have to show her sluttishness to
everyone.� Holly shocked Julie and delighted the onlookers by removing her toga
and revealing her lightly coloured pubic curls. 

Straddling
Brutus, Holly slowly lowered her cunt on the purple-headed shaft. It hurt but
Holly put on a brave smile and gradually sat lower and eased the prick inside
her. Brutus tried to push himself up and into her but Holly rebuked him. �Lay
still, Brutus. This is for my pleasure, not yours!� she snapped. However, his
movement caused her to sink even further and Holly could feel her vaginal walls
expand to accommodate the large shaft inside her. Now she lifted and lowered
herself rhythmically, slowly at first and then with increasing tempo until she
orgasmed and then felt Brutus shoot his load inside her.

For a short
while she rested, fully impaled on Brutus�s weapon. The crowd was applauding
and Holly realised what an exhibition she�s put on but somehow she didn�t care.
Lifting off she waited a few moments for the onlookers to see the sperm
dribbling down her thighs and then lowered herself, this time on to Brutus�s
mouth. �Lick it all out,� she ordered and then remembering the ordeal with the
soldiers in the fens, added, �I�ll give you a little drink afterwards.�

�You�re a whore
Hollicus,� shouted Julie as she watched her friend piss into the open mouth
under her.

�Whack!
Whack!!� Neronicus slapped Julie�s already very sore arse. �Silence slave! You
do not speak unless spoken to,� Neronicus reminded her. �Now ask her pardon and
request you be allowed to clean Brutus for her.�

Julie hesitated
and received two more hard spanks before begging Holly�s forgiveness and having
received permission to clean, soft and sticky prick she started to suck it
clean. Her mind rebelled at having to perform this service but her body knew it
would receive further punishments if she didn�t do it, and do it well. In any
case it was only a size difference to what she often did to Zeke after he had
sex with Holly.

�I had better
return that sword,� Holly said to herself as she rose from Brutus and spotted
the Briton talking with the Centurion. �Thank you M�Lord for the loan of your
most excellent sword. It is indeed a worthy weapon and performed excellently for
me, as you saw.�

�I did indeed
young lady. I am sure we could come to some arrangement should you wish to
purchase it.�

�Not with the
few coins, we soldiers are paid Sir.�

�I have no need
of your pittance soldier but your beautiful young body is another matter. Let
my prick reside in you for a while and the sword is yours. Let me have my
wicked way with you and maybe you�ll earn another for you friend. Come to my
home now little warrior.�

Holly thought
for a moment. The sword would definitely be an advantage in the game. �But just
how much will I have to give for it? And for one for Julie?� she debated.
Turning she looked at her friend. Julie�s mouth was still around the prick of
her slave but he was sitting up and holding her head tightly. When Holly moved
around she could see clearly the reason for Brutus holding her. A little yellow
rivulet ran from the corner of Julie�s mouth. Brutus was getting his own back.

�You may bite
my slave�s prick Juliena. He didn�t have my permission to piss in you,� Holly
shouted.

�And if she
does, then she�ll be drinking from mine until she leaves in the morning,�
Neronicus countered.

�The choice is
yours Juliena. I give you permission to bite as hard as you wish. You heard the
consequence. Pausing only a moment of two, Julie pulled her mouth away and then
gripped the hardening shaft with both hands. The head swelled, it purple head
engorged with blood. Julie gripped it lightly between her front teeth. Again
the crowd started chanting. �Bite it! Bite it! Bite it! Bite it!� Julie sank
her teeth hard into the swollen knob. Brutus, so stoic when being thrashed now
yelled. A little blood ran down Julie�s chin. Neronicus squeezed her breasts
and pulled her off.

Holly examined
the end of her slave�s prick. It wasn�t that badly damaged. Teeth marks pierced
the skin in four places with two more deep marks either side. �Well you won�t
be of much use to me tonight, Brutus. Get off and find someone to take care of
those scratches.� She turned to Neronicus, �Remember,� she said to him, �Whatever
you do to her, she has to be fit enough to travel in the morning. Our mission
is more important than revenge.� Neronicus smiled and nodded. While he wanted
to uphold the rights of male soldiers, he had no love of the bullying Brutus.

�You made your
choice Juliena. Come a take your first drink.� Sick to her stomach and jealous
of the fact that Holly was getting away scot-free, Julie crawled to Neronicus,
gripped his limp penis near the base and took the head in her mouth. She waited
for the piss she knew would not be long in coming but her hand would be able to
control the flow to some extent. �It can�t be worse than that other bastard,�
she told herself. The flow started and she swallowed. The crowd cheered and for
some reason Julie began to feel a sense of elation. They were cheering her for
doing a disgusting thing.

Making her way
back to Lord Chad Holly said, �If the Centurion agrees, I will spend the night
with you. Remember though, I must be fit enough to journey forth by dawn.�

�Don�t you want
to know what I wish to do with you?� asked Lord Chad.

�It�s probably
better that I don�t know Sir. I will have to take what comes, just as Juliena
will.�

&nbsp;

Chapter 5. Bartering for weapons

�What now Sir?�
They had eaten a good meal in company with Alfreda who was either Chad�s wife
or his concubine, and the afternoon sun was still high. Apart from having to
remove her tunic and eat bare breasted, Chad had made no demands of her. Slaves
brought food and tendered to their needs and Holly felt she was being treated
like an honoured guest. But for how long?

�Earlier you
gave your friend an unenviable choice. Perhaps yours is similar. Remove your
dress Alfreda.� Holly gasped. Alfreda�s breasts were criss-crossed with fine
stripes obviously done several days ago. �Turn round and bend down.� Alfreda�s
arse and between her thighs were covered with a similar network of fine welts.
They still looked painful. �Come Hollicus. Examine them closely. Feel them. The
ridges are still in evidence even though they are six days old.� Holly fingered
the girls bare bum and then let her fingers travel up the welts between her
thighs. �Yes, Hollicus I did her cunt as well. Spread your legs girl so our
guest can see.�

�How often are
you whipped like this Alfreda?� Holly enquired.

�Every full
moon, Miss. When my curse is over. It�s very painful Miss.�

�But you are a
brave woman soldier, Hollicus. You could easily take a whipping like that and
walk away in the morning. So this is your choice. For the sword you borrowed,
without asking this afternoon, you will allow my cock access to every hole in
your body to use in any way I please including that which Juliena had to and to
give your tits a little touch with the cane. Not too severe. For a second,
similar sword, you will allow the full treatment as Alfreda has. As I believe
you yourself said, �The choice is yours.� Examine Alfreda as closely as you
wish. I will return when the shadow on the wall has moved a hand breadth.� 

�Before you go,
M�Lord, I think I should see the second sword. Only then can I judge its value
against my pain.� Chad took Holly to his armoury and allowed her to select one
of the many swords in his store.

�We captured
most of these from raiders from the low countries,� he told Holly when she�d
selected one. �Come you�ll also need peasant�s clothing if you�re not to be
immediately recognised.�

�Does that cost
more of my body?�

�No,� Chad
laughed, �I shall be taking as much as I dare for the sword. These clothes have
little value and I�ll even put a few coins in the folds. You should be able to
wear a sword underneath and get at it through the side slits.� They returned to
Alfreda and he left them together. �You have little time left Hollicus.� He
pointed to the shadow on the wall.

�Do not ask for
the full treatment Hollicus. It causes so much pain. The cane is short, just a
little more than the length of my forearm and hand. It is thin, whippy and
white and made from the bone of a huge sea monster. It bites fire into you
wherever it touches.�

�Whalebone,�
thought Holly. �Do I need to get a sword for Julie? Why should I put up with
pain for her?� This was quickly rejected when she remembered the pain Julie had
already been subject to and probably even now was suffering at the hands of
Neronicus. The shadow had moved half the distance. �Perhaps I can opt for one
sword at first and then if the pain is not too bad I can go on for the second.�


Alfreda doubted
it. �I am sure you must make your choice and once made, the men will ensure you
stick to it.� 

Chad rejected that
idea when she asked, �I will want to thrash you first particularly on your
womanhood so when I fuck you it is all very tender. Only your tits will be sore
if you just go for one. Now do you want a sword for Juliena or not?�

�Yes Sir. She
needs to be as well armed as me.� Holly�s voice sounded more confident than she
felt.

�Come then
Hollicus. There can be no backing out now. Alfreda fetch the boys and the
little white monster.� Lord Chad led the way to a large central room. The
setting wasn�t what Holly expected. This was no dungeon, but a light airy room
with doors open at either end. Servants and slaves passed through at frequent
intervals carrying pots and other domestic items. They looked sideways at Holly
but none paused in their stride or spoke. Alfreda returned bringing the thin
white cane and four male slaves.

�Another public
punishment by the looks of things,� Holly said to herself as Chad handed the
cane to her. It was as Alfreda had described. Only about twenty inches long and
a quarter of an inch thick at its base, tapering to almost a point. Just by
swishing it in the air, she knew no great force would be required for it to
leave painful welts on her body.

�Do you think
you can take it Hollicus?� Chad asked, �And then this?� He lifted his robe to
reveal a good-sized prick. �In your arse as well as your cunt?�

�As a member of
a Roman legion, I am honour bound to do so, Sir. In any case I am sure your
slaves here will ensure I do.� 

Chad nodded and
then ordered her to remove her clothing. �Very nice,� he said as he squeezed
and played with Holly�s tits. �Nice and firm. They�ll take the cane well. And
being a tough Roman soldier, they�ll take more than Alfreda or Hann.
&quot;Hann!� he called to a passing slave. �Here.� The girl came over. Tears in
her eyes expecting punishment. Holly stared at the striped, swollen breasts and
gently touched them. Hann winced with pain. �She didn�t co-operate when I
wanted to breed her yesterday. Just lay still on the mattress. She moved her
body more afterwards. Just like you will, my dear. I had hoped to breed her
again today but you�re here instead.� He tweaked Holly�s nipples. �But you will
also be a little tender down below too so, like dear Alfreda, you will move
very will indeed. Now let�s get on with it. As you no doubt realise, the swords
are valuable so I need to get my money�s worth.�

It was obvious
the four slaves had done this before. Quickly her arms were folded behind her,
which forced her chest forward. Holly tried to put a brave face on but inside
she was scared stiff. That little white cane was going to hurt, hurt like she�d
not been hurt before. Chad taunted her by gently flicking her nipples with the
extreme tip until they stood firm and then with a short sweep the cane hit
across the top of both breasts. His wristy action caused the whalebone rod to
bite deep into the soft flesh of her mammaries. Holly�s resolve to be brave
vanished and she let out a tremendous scream but before it had hardly died away
Chad brought the instrument of torture upwards and struck the underside.

�You know what
the slaves call this room Hollicus? The room of screams. Now you know why.� Two
deep red welts seared across both breasts. Chad though knew no woman could take
a continuous thrashing of that power and remain conscious. His technique, one
he�d used many times, was to apply two very hard strokes on each body area and
then decorate the area with lighter, but still very painful stripes. Only once
had he broken his system and he�s done that deliberately. A servant girl had betrayed
him and through it he�d nearly lost his life. The girl barely lived and then
wished she hadn�t. All the soldiers in the barracks were ordered to rape her
for a week.

Chad now lashed
the cane from various angles and directions until Holly�s breasts were a
spiders web mesh of welts. Many times he caught her nipples, either with the
tip or more broadly with the body of the cane. Holly cried and screamed but
knew she didn�t dare beg. Chad chuckled, �I do like to hear young girls sing
their sweetly painful song. I do like to see full tits swell up like this.� He
gripped the enlarged breasts and squeezed them, causing more pain. �I do like
to see them move around and flatten each time I tickle them.� Holly�s head was
spinning. Chad decided she�d taken enough punishment there. �Open her legs
boys, time I had my first fuck. Two of you suck a tit each while I�m in her.�

The two slaves
were surprisingly gentle. Probably they knew what it was like to be on the
receiving end of the cane or whip. Even so Holly cried out each time her tits
were touched however gently. Lord Chad had no such sensibilities. He rammed his
cock straight home and fucked her hard and fast. Holly moved under the
onslaught, which was to Chad�s liking. What disappointed him was the short time
it took to shed his load inside her. The slaves stepped aside when their master
pulled Holly to the sitting position and offered his cock to her lips. She
readily took it in and sucked it clean. It tasted little different to her
father.

�You know what
I am going to do now, don�t you Hollicus?� Holly nodded and moments later she
felt her mouth being filled with warm urine. She swallowed as quickly as she
could but some trickled out. Chad jammed his prick in further and Holly managed
to open her throat so it went straight down. It was something she�d seen on TV
where men held a competition to drink a yard of ale from a trumpet shaped
glass. In the interview afterwards, the winner explained how he opened his
throat so the ale went straight down without having to be swallowed. Holly
tried it many times with water before she was able to relax her throat muscles
enough to do it.

When it was
over and Holly sat, trying unsuccessfully to support her swollen tits without
hurting them further. Chad laughed at her efforts and suggested some wine
before he decorated her arse. �I�d like some wine, Sir,� she said thinking the
alcohol my dull the pain just a little, �But I too have a very full bladder and
need to relieve myself before it flows on the floor.�

�Would you
prefer one of these slaves or Alfreda?�

For a moment
Holly was startled by his answer but then chose a diplomatic answer, �Whoever
you suggest M�Lord.�

�Firth, get
your mouth to her,� ordered Chad. �You�ve got the biggest mouth. And use that
tongue to clean her out while you�re at it.� Firth had obviously done the job
before. Crawling under Holly from behind, he lifted her buttocks and lowered
her again so she was sitting on his face. Holly felt his mouth open and his
tongue lick her slit. She could wait no longer but let forth a steady stream of
piss into the mouth below. Once her flow finished the tongue licking began and
soon she was squirming with arousal. �Keep it up Firth, I want her cunt lips
nicely puffed up before I start caning them,� Chard instructed his slave.

Apart from the
fact that tears were rolling down her cheeks and that she was sitting on a
man�s face and had extremely sore and swollen tits, the scene could have an
ordinary t�te-�-t�te anywhere. Holly carefully sipped her wine, while on
couches across from her, sat Lord Chad and Alfreda. After two glasses of the
strong wine, Holly could feel herself becoming a little light headed, Lord Chad
asked her about her life as a soldier and where she learned to fight with the
small sword. Holly replied as best she could and made up a story about a
fencing master in Rome. She tried to make the story as long as she could but
Chad decided it was now time for her arse and cunt to feel the white monster.

Once again
Holly found herself on her back with her buttocks overhanging the end of the
couch. �Prepare her slaves,� Chad ordered. Two held her arm down and started
sucking her tits, the other two pulled her ankles back and pulled her thighs
well apart. Chad pushed a hard pillow under the base of her spine to further
raise her arse. Holly knew everything was well on display. It was one of her
father�s favourite positions, one where he had the choice of two holes to
penetrate.

Chad didn�t
waste much time on admiring the view. He would do that later when his handiwork
enhanced it. He laid on two hard deep cuts right across the most tender part of
her buttocks with the fine cane. Holly�s body jerked and she screamed at their
impact. �Fine swords demand a high price, Hollicus as you are going to find
out,� he grinned and then ordered the two slaves sucking her breasts to desist.
�Hold her arms and raise her head so she can see the cane as it descends to
send it painful message across her once white arse.�

�No! No! I have
to walk in the morn,� Holly pleaded but Chad continued his assault on buttocks
without a pause until both cheeks were covered with painful red welts. Through
tear filled eyes, Holly noticed his prick, instead of swaying as he moved had
now hardened and was standing out proudly from his body. �Perhaps he�ll stop
and fuck me soon,� Holly vaguely thought. He mind wasn�t registering much
except the pain.

Lord Chad did
cease his caning but the hole he aimed his prick at was not the one she
expected. Its head probed her little brown hole. She wasn�t a virgin there any
more but Chad�s prick was much larger and he wasn�t using any lubricant. Holly
screamed and screamed, heedless of the passing slaves and her honour as a Roman
soldier. �You sing a delightful tune, Hollicus. Hold her still boys, let�s see
if we can raise the notes to a higher pitch.� With those words Chad thrust hard
into her narrow anal passage. Slowly and painfully the prick forced it way to
its full depth, stretch the rectum muscles until Holly thought they would
split. Soon though she felt his coarse pubic hair against her bum. �Girls like
you need to have pricks up there regularly then there wouldn�t be the problem
of getting it in. Alfreda takes it with no trouble, don�t you wife?� 

�You know I do,
M�Lord. Twice a day I have a slave take me there,� Alfreda confirmed. Chad
fucked her arse in earnest now, heedless of anything but his own pleasure.
Holly felt as if she was being ripped apart but knew she wasn�t. Alfreda put
her hand on Holly�s clit and started massaging it. A little arousal came but
could not overcome the pain. It took longer this time for Chad to climax and
this time her left it inside until it went soft before with drawing and
offering it to her for cleaning. 

Remembering
watching the earlier vid with Julie, Holly knew what to expect but it still
disgusted her. Nevertheless she took it in and cleaned it. Chad took his prick
from her. �Rest a while Holicus. We�ll eat and then take your final payment.�
Eating was far from Holly�s thoughts. She was still trying to control the
tremendous pain. Her tits were still on fire and now her arse was a furnace on
full heat. Tears rolled down her face, groans and moans came from her lips. She
couldn�t sit, all she could do was lie on one side. Chad left her to attend
some other business.

Alfreda came
and started to bathe her with cool water containing some rather foul smelling
herbs. �They may not smell nice but they help to ease the pain. I know,� she
said. Indeed after some minutes the pain did ease slightly but that only made
it slightly more bearable.

*****

�One more
payment Hollicus. Prepare her slaves.� They had rested awhile and Chad�s prick
was beginning to stir again. The pain in her breasts and arse had eased only
slightly and Holly didn�t know if she could take any more. Somewhere in the
back recesses of her mind she was hoping her father would cut the scene, but
that was like a dream half remembered. The reality to her was the ordeal she
was going through. This time she knew it would be worse. She was to be caned on
her most tender parts. She might be a Roman soldier, but she was still a woman.

Looking through
the gap between her splayed legs as the slaves once again held her ankles to
her head and opened her thighs, she saw Chad pick up and wield the deadly white
cane. It came down hard on the left labia, then the right. Holly bucked and
screamed. She had never known such pain. Her struggling made it worse. As Chad
brought the cane down for the third time, so she bucked and it caught her right
on her slit and clit with more force than Chad intended. The scream rose and
died on Holly�s lips. 

Oblivion
mercifully overcame her and she remembered nothing until the nauseous smell of
burning feathers assailed her nostrils. Chad was pumping his prick into her and
she felt her thighs were on fire. �You�re back from the spirit world then
Hollicus. It was naughty of you to leave us like that. Still I went ahead and
took your payment as I was duty bound to do.� 

Holly�s
recollections of the next hours were hazy as she drifted in and out of �the
spirit world�. She remembered Chad finishing his fuck and sucking his cock but
then he�d told the slaves to take her as well. It was nighttime when she fully
came to her senses. Alfreda was by her side bathing her sore body with the
obnoxious herb water. �Lie still for a while Hollicus,� Alfreda told her, �The
pain will slowly ease and then you had better leave. M�Lord might wish to add
further payments to your account. Sleep awhile. I will wake you before dawn.
The last of the moon will still be in the sky and you can find your way back.
M�Lord will sleep now until well into the morning.�

Her sleep was
fitful and disturbed and it seemed but a short time later that Alfreda came
with her peasant�s clothing and the two swords. Swords that had caused her so
much hurt. Alfreda led Holly around the silent room several times to get her
used to being on her feet and then helped her dress. The coarse cloth of the
peasant clothing rubbed her tender arse and tits. Alfreda took her to the
kitchen where servants and slaves were beginning to clear the stoves ready for
making breakfast. They found her some animal grease and a young girl gently and
liberally applied it to the areas that were sorest and would be rubbed by the
fabric. �We have to remain naked for two days after a caning like that,� the
girl whispered, �The herbs will help the pain to go but it does take time. Has
M�Lady given you any willow bark yet?�

�We�re going to
get some from Grunere on the way out,� Alfreda answered for her. The bitter
liquid dulled the pain and remembered from her science lessons that originally
aspirin came for willow trees. She slipped the vial into her pocket and thanked
Alfreda when finally she left through a side door.

Walking was
painful but seemed to ease as she approached the Roman encampment. Two guards
were on duty but not very wide awake. Hollicus knew she would have to be
careful otherwise they would hurt her thinking she was a peasant woman and good
for some sport. She drew her sword and approached warily. The guards were not
paying attention and only looked up when the point of Holly�s sword touched the
neck of one.

�Sleeping on
sentry duty are you? That�s a flogging offence,� she muttered. 

The men
protested their innocence before one recognised Holly from the previous day�s
contest. �Sorry, Soldier Hollicus. We weren�t asleep but you crept up on us.�

�You�re lucky
guards. I don�t have time to take any complaint to Centurion. I have to collect
Juliena and be off on our mission. Let me in and we�ll say no more about it.�

Holly found
Julie asleep alongside Neronicus. Covering Julie�s mouth she shook her awake
and led her from the barrack room. Outside in the feint light she gave Julie
the peasant outfit and her sword and they started off northwards heading for
Dunwich which was about two days walk. Five miles on, open country with the sun
now rising, they stopped and drank from a stream. Julie had hardly spoken to
her friend. She resented the way, Holly had won the contest and had gotten away
without any punishment while she had to take a thrashing from the leather and
submit to Neronicus and his friends. It was not until Holly removed her clothing
and bathed herself in the cool water she realised her friend�s ordeal had been
far, far worse.

As they
journeyed on, Holly related the story of her ordeal and then asked Julie what
happened to her. �I haven�t spared you any details of mine so tell me everything
Neronicus did to you,� she said.

Fortunately the
road to Dunwich was reasonably safe. The surrounding lands had been subdued for
some years so apart from the odd bandits that would rob for money, they could
expect little trouble until they struck out inland and Julie could tell her
tale with only minor interruptions from passing travellers or soldiers.

&nbsp;

Chapter 6. Juliena's ordeal

�We had better
have a bath Juliena,� Neronicus stated after the crowd had started to disperse.
�No, don�t put your clothes on. I want everyone to see my new slave. You�ve got
nice tits and that red arse of yours should make a good few pricks rise.�
Normally the two girl soldiers, the officers and their wives had special times
for entering the baths so as not to be in there with the garrison men. Slaves
of Centurion and higher ranked legionnaires were permitted to help dress and
undress their masters but were of course not available to rank and file
soldiers. Neronicus wanted to proudly show off his slave to everyone. It seemed
the whole camp decided they needed to bathe at that time. The baths quickly
became crowded especially around her and most of the men sported erections.
Julie wondered if she was going to be the centre of a mass rape but Neronicus
was having none of that. Julie was his slave and his alone unless he decided
otherwise. �You can look at my slave but no touching. I won her in a fair
fight, she�s my prize. Mine and mine alone. Hands off!� he ordered. Fortunately
the men seemed to respect this and backed away but watched as Julie was forced
to wash her master and made to pay special attention to his genital area, which
of course, caused his prick to rise. 

Neronicus led
to a seated area and bent her over low stone stool. �I�m going to try your bottom
hole this time, Juliena. Pull your arse cheeks apart, that is unless you want
some of my friends here to do it for you.� Although bathing had eased the pain
from the earlier leathering, her buttocks were still very tender and she winced
when her hands gently gripped her cheeks and pulled them apart. 

Standing to one
side, Neronicus made sure the assembled crowd could clearly see both her holes.
Julie blushed furiously at the obscene display she knew she was giving. She
also knew Neronicus would make the most of her second public rape and force his
prick into her. It would be painful, more so if she tried to resist.

�Let me suck
you first,� Julie pleaded, hoping to be able to put some saliva on his cock as
a lubricant to ease penetration. 

Neronicus didn�t
object. Indeed he encouraged her. �Put plenty of spit on Juliena, and then try
and open yourself as wide as you can.� She did as asked and Neronicus rubbed
the first lot of saliva around and into the entrance of her hole and then when
back to her mouth for more. This time he tried to penetrate her entrance. �Open
up and hold tight,� he ordered. 

Julie knew from
previous experience what to do. The only difference was the size of prick now
poking at her rear. A cry escaped her lips as the prick head forced the
sphincter muscles to open. The crowd was really close by now and was shouting
at Neronicus to �shove it in hard�. Fortunately Neronicus didn�t heed them but
slowly, inch by inch, forced his way in until his balls hit her thighs. He
leaned over her, gripped her breasts and started to pump into her arse. His
efforts received more encouragement from the crowd. �Harder, harder, harder,�
they shouted. Once again Julie was the centre of their attention.

Suddenly
silence. Neronicus stopped in mid-stroke. Centurion Pablonicus entered the
room. �So our girl soldier gets to do what she should be doing for the second
time today!� he boomed. �Give it to her hard Neronicus, she�s better equipped
to take your sword than she is to wield one. If I had my way I�d have her and
that Hollicus fastened down in the barracks for everyone�s pleasure.� The
Centurion stood at Julie�s head and raised his toga. �You don�t mind if I use
the other end of her do you Neronicus?� Neronicus knew better than to say no.

Julie felt the
Centurion thrust deeply into her throat and tried to pull back but her head was
held firm. She had no choice but to take it and hope the Centurion would come
sooner rather than later. He did. Spurt after spurt of thick jism went into her
throat and down her gullet. The pumping stopped but Julie knew she would have
to continue licking and sucking until the prick softened and was clean. &quot;I
wish I didn't have to lead the night patrol tonight,&quot; Pablonicus muttered,
&quot;I'd ask you to loan her for an hour or two. Maybe if they get back after
they fail in their mission.&quot; 

Neronicus
pistoned into her arse for some minutes more and then he too shot his seed,
this time deep into her bowels. Although she knew what was coming next, the
thought was still repellent to Julie and she had to force herself to open her
mouth to receive the sticky prick that had just been removed from her arse. Her
mouth retained the taste of the centurion�s spunk and now another flavour would
be added, and not one she liked. Julie sucked it anyway. 

�Remember your
vow to Brutus,� the centurion reminded Neronicus. �Wash it all down with a good
drink of piss.� Again Neronicus didn�t dare go against the wishes of his
superior and Julie coughed and spluttered as she tried to keep pace with the
flow of warm liquid that gushed into her mouth and throat. Finally Neronicus
allowed her up. 

�I need to piss
too, Master,� Julie stated, �May I go to the latrines please?� Instead of
allowing her to visit the women�s latrine, Neronicus took her into the men�s.
Again she had to perform in front of an audience but she was getting used to
that now. 

Later Neronicus
took her to the barrack room and allowed her to wear a toga but not her tunic.
They rested awhile on his palliasse. Snuggled close to him, while he gently fondled
her breasts, Julie could almost forget about the tenderness of her arse from
the earlier thrashing and from the more recent anal rape. Walking to the dining
area quickly reminded her though. Having rested, the bum muscles had stiffened
and made their presence known at every step.

However the
pain was nothing compared to the humiliation, she felt when in the dining area.
An area was always put aside for soldiers' wives and normally Holly and Julie
would eat there. Tonight Julie would eat with the men, which wasn�t a problem
until the centurion�s wife Phoebe, aided by the other wives, started making
catty remarks. Julie tried to ignore them but when Neronicus stood to leave,
Phoebe called him over. �Would you mind showing us the results of her afternoon�s
spanking?� she asked sweetly. Neronicus ordered Julie to bend over and then
lifted her toga. �Bring her closer Neronicus, we want to see clearly,� Phoebe
requested and when Neronicus complied she went on, �Oh yes, quite a nice purple
colour now. Mind you I prefer to see sharp stripes from the cane or whip. Still
perhaps by morning there will be some on top of the background colour she now
has. I�m sure my husband would turn a blind eye to your using the whip on her.
He�d probably assist.�

�Sorry ma�am.
Governor�s orders. She has to be fit to walk tomorrow.�

�Pity. I would
have loved to see you whip her. What say you ladies?� she asked of the other
wives. They of course agreed with her. �And then watch while you and the men
use your poles on her. My husband tells me you have reamed her bottom and she
serviced him. I trust you will allow as many soldiers as possible to use her
before she leaves. That at least shouldn�t affect her walking too much.� Phoebe
now had her hands on Julie�s bum and was feeling her holes. �Yes, I�m sure it
would do a lot for morale if the men made good use of these. What do you think
ladies?� The rest of the wives gathered round and felt and pinched Julie�s sore
bottom. �I think we wives ought to make use of her too, Phoebe,� one of them
remarked, �Why should the men have all the fun? Surely you wouldn�t mind
loaning her to us Neronicus?�

For a short
while, Neronicus hesitated. �Ladies you may have her for one hour. After that I
will need her as a prize for this evening�s game in the barracks.� Julie
wondered what he had planned but that was put to the back of her mind as Phoebe
and the wives led her away.

The centurion�s
quarters was palatial compared to the barracks. �Remove your toga and lay back
over the end of that couch Juliena,� Phoebe ordered, �We want a good look to
see how a slut's holes differ from ours.� Julie did as requested. The short arm
of the couch rested across the end of her spine and her legs dangled to the
floor. A wife that Julie knew slightly, straddled her face. �Get your tongue
working in there slave,� she said. The cunt that touched her lips was dripping
with spunk. Julie wondered whose it was because the husband was still out on
patrols. She had little time to wonder, the woman on top of her took both of
Julie�s ankles under her armpits leaving her sexual organs exposed to the
wanton delights of the other wives.

Although she couldn�t see what was
happening, Julie could feel their fingers and tongues probing her holes. Her
juices flowed and she became very wet must to the merriment of her tormentors.
This continued until the woman on her face, climaxed and lifted herself off.
Julie�s face was smeared with cuntal secretions, which caused further snide
comments from the wives on the type of face cream she used. 

Phoebe�s hands
now started to maul Julie�s breasts causing her to cry out in pain. �I thought
a soldier could take a little more pain than that Juliena,� Phoebe laughed. �I
would have thought they got plenty of treatment when you are out on patrols
with the men. Perhaps we should see what pain they can take. Sore tits won�t
prevent you walking in the morning. Hold her down ladies while I send for the
cane.� A local girl slave brought with a polished wooden switch. �Show Juliena
what this lovely piece of wood does to a girls tits, Brita. It will be the
second time today its marks have adorned a woman�s breasts.� Phoebe thrust the
girl forward so Julie could see how badly marked her breasts were. Squeezing
the tender flesh cruelly, she went on, �How would you like yours to be
decorated like that Juliena? You�d have something to remember us by for a long
time.�

�No!� Julie
yelled. �You have no authority to do that. I am not your slave. Neronicus
didn�t allow you to cane me anywhere.�

�He�s not here
dear and I am sure all these ladies will help me. Hold her girls.� Two grabbed
her wrists and two her ankles. Julie was still on her back on the couch and
already in position. Phoebe swung the cane. It landed hard, leaving a vivid
line across both breasts. Julie�s scream pierced the air. 

�I�m not taking
any more like that,� Julie said to herself. �I�m not having my tits welted like
that Brita slave.� With a quick unexpected jerk she freed her right hand and
swung her fist into the face of the woman holding her left arm. Seconds later
as Phoebe was about to send a second stroke crashing down, the cane was torn
from her grasp and she felt a back hander from it cross her stomach. The two
holding her ankles let go and Julie sprung to her feet. Swinging the cane she
made them all kneel. Phoebe shouted to the girls to get hold of her but
pampered spoiled wives were no match for a trained soldier especially one
angered and abused. The first wife to attempt it ended on the floor with a
stripe across her arse.

Using the cane
as a sword Julie herded the women into a corner. &quot;Ladies, I know the way
you pleasure each other while your husbands are away. No doubt some of your men
are at home now and waiting for you in your apartments. I am now going to allow
you to either go to them or to enjoy each other in your own places. You
probably that Hollicus and I share the same feelings and enjoy each other when
we can so before you go, each of you ladies will come and kiss my cunt. I shall
expect to feel each and everyone of you put your tongue deeply inside of me.
Those of you who don't wish to do so, may take a couple of lashes with the cane
instead.&quot; Murmuring broke out. &quot;Ladies, you wanted to see and feel
me, now you have the chance. When you've all done, then Phoebe and I can get to
know each other's bodies a bit better. I've only half an hour left here but
after I've serviced Neronicus again, I can come back and have a longer session.
I've pretty well exhausted his weapon so I'm hoping he'll allow me some time
with his master's wife. I would therefore appreciate some privacy until I leave
at dawn.&quot; Again more murmuring but one of the women got up and put her
tongue in Julie for a few moments and then left. Others followed. They knew
Phoebe's love of young women and seemed to have no objection to leaving her
with Julie although she still held the cane. In was unthinkable that she would
harm the centurion's wife.

&quot;Let's go
to your bed, Phoebe dear.&quot; Julie indicated the way with the cane. Phoebe
realising she wasn't going to be in control of the situation and might even get
hurt, made a dash for the door. A sharp back-hander with the cane across the
top of her thighs felled her. She hit the floor hard and Julie was quickly on
top. &quot;Slave Brita, hand me the curtain braids,&quot; she yelled. When
Brita hesitated, Julie threatened her with another dose of the cane. Quickly
Julie trussed and gagged Phoebe. I shall be long gone before your husband gets
back Phoebe dear so I'm going to tickle you a little, like you would have done
to me. Perhaps next time you cane anyone, slave or free woman, you'll know what
it feels like.&quot; She glanced at Brita, now standing passively at one side
of the room. &quot;She'll have to get away otherwise she'll be whipped,&quot;
Julie thought, &quot;But I'm sure she'll enjoy watching her mistress get her
caning.&quot;

Julie started
with the woman's arse. Ten times she laid the cane across those white nates
each one leaving a clear red stripe. &quot;Am I really sadistic like
this,&quot; Julie asked herself and then remembered it would have been her
being striped had not she turned the tables. She lashed six across the woman's
breasts. &quot;That will do I think Phoebe. No need for me to be really
cruel.&quot; Looking at Brita she ordered, &quot;Bring me the key to this
room.&quot; The slave went to a carved marble bowl and produced the key. They
left Phoebe locked in her room, still bound and gagged.

&quot;Brita,&quot;
Julie spoke quietly, &quot;You know what will happen to you when she's found in
the morning?&quot; Brita nodded. &quot;Then go to the guardhouse now and say
your mistress sent you to be well and truly serviced because you didn't perform
well for the centurion earlier. It will be up to you how you manage to get
through the gateway.&quot;

In the
barracks, Neronicus greeted her, &quot;Here's the prize soldiers. An hour with
my slave, Juliena. Only one silver coin to enter the competition.&quot; Julie
could see some of the men were already playing 'stones', a game played by
placing pebbles on a square grid marked on the earthen floor. It quickly became
clear it was a knock-out type competition, where the men played the best of
three games and then the winners played the other winners until only one was
left. That one got Julie for and hour. &quot;At worst I'll just get fucked
twice, I doubt any of them will get it up more than that in one hour.&quot; The
competition drew slowly on. Down to the last eight now and these were of course
the better players and he games took longer. Neronicus cuddled and fondled Julie
while they watched the play. Finally it was the last two. They each won a game
and then drew. The decider was also drawn. Neronicus wanted to flip a coin to
decide who had Julie but no one thought that fair. The two had fought many hard
games to get to the final stage. 

&quot;Neronicus?
Why not let us both have her at the same time. There's only about an hour left
till lights out and I'm will to take her in the arse and he wants her cunt so
we can do it at the same time,&quot; one of the winners asked. Julie didn't know
either of them by name. We can swap over if we can get our pricks up
again.&quot; To Julie's horror, Neronicus agreed and to the cheers of the
onlookers, she found herself first impaled in the bottom and then in her cunt.
Both then started and kept up rhythmic strokes to the accompaniment of
clapping. Once they started Julie was surprised how aroused she became and
quite enjoyed the double fucking. &quot;It's not something Holly or I have
tried for real,&quot; she said to herself. Neither man was willing to remove
his prick after it had shed it load. Julie had to lie sandwiched between them
until they stiffened sufficiently for a second attempt. Finally when she
thought it was all over, Neronicus took her again and at last she could sleep.
It seemed no time at all before Holly woke her and they were on their way.

&nbsp;

&quot;I think
we ought to quit while we are ahead Julie,&quot; Holly suggested, &quot;See if
the escape button has been activated. Dad said he would after we'd played for a
few hours and I think we've been though enough for one game. I'm hellishly sore
and I guess you are too.&quot; Julie pressed the button.

&quot;Bath and
bed for you girls,&quot; Zeke ordered, &quot;You've been playing for thirty-one
hours. I'll bring some drinks into the bathroom for you and something to eat.
You better have a good rest before you go on, that is if you decide to go on.
At least with that game you had a little more of a chance to get your own back
and you both had a go at wielding the strap or cane as well as being on the
receiving end.

Soon the girls
were asleep, cuddled in each other's arms. It would be a long while before they
wanted another session of the Bodicea game.

&nbsp;

Finis

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





