BDSM Library - My Night with Alexis Loxx




My Night with Alexis Loxx
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alexis Loxx is a (fictional) pornstar with a reputation for being submissive. One unlucky man is about to find out that that reputation is very, very false...







I consider myself to have a dominant personality



 
  Jack Bernhardt
  Normal
   jim
  2
  528
  2006-04-26T00:05:00Z
  2006-04-26T00:05:00Z
  1
  5725
  32637
  Bald Dumb and Ugly Corp.
  271
  76
  38286
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








NB: This is my second story, after �Sara and Ms Davies� � thanks to
everyone who liked that, by the way, and everyone who has emailed and reviewed
it. This is more of a male submission story, as I�m a bit of a submissive male
myself, and has quite a few similar traits to �Sara and Ms Davies�, but it�s
less consensual, it�s only one (rather big) part and, of course, features a
male sub. Enjoy.

&nbsp;

I consider myself to have a dominant
personality. Perhaps not in life, but most certainly in sex. Well, perhaps not
in actual sex, either. I�m not all that an experimental guy � I�m usually kind
of afraid to ask my partner to go the extra step to a domination and submission
fantasy � the last time I even tried it, the girl was out the door in a matter
of seconds. No, I know I�m a dominant sex guy because of the porn I watch. I
have pretty much every �damsel-in-distress� video ever made � ones where the
girl�s tied naked to the train tracks, ones where she�s kidnapped by pirates,
even this weird one where the girl�s lost in the woods and forced to please
some sort of angry man-bear. There�s this amazing collection where these girls
(each looking like Britney Spears (circa 2000)) all have to submit in a fantasy
world of bondage and mayhem. However, the ones that turn me on the most are the
ones where there isn�t any fantasy � the girl submits, in a normal apartment.
Makes me think it could actually happen to me � that I could have some hot
slave in my flat. There are quite a few videos like that � usually quite low
budget, obviously � and I�m pretty sure I have every one. I�m signed up to
pretty much every porn service there is. Unashamedly too, I might add. There
are some pornos I won�t watch, obviously. Quite a few, for that matter.
Straight up sex is a turn off. I want to see some girl being submissive,
totally forced to do as her master wants � none of this consensual stuff. And,
to that end, I don�t like a woman being dominant. It seems wrong. I�ve got
nothing against it in real life, don�t get me wrong, but in my fantasy, it�s
the man who�s holding the whip and forcing the woman. That�s how it should be.

����������� So,
anyway. I consider myself to have a dominant personality, like I�ve said. I�m
also a bit of an opportunist. Which is sort of how this whole thing happened. I
was sitting at the bar at the end of the week � wasn�t crowded as it�s a pretty
small town and it was late � just looking into my glass. Suddenly, who should
walk in � unattended, I might add � but Alexis Loxx, star of one of my all-time
favourite pornos. I must have watched that beauty over a hundred times, pumping
furiously as she wiggled that ass. It�s just such an amazing porno � I think it
won more awards than any other for 2004. It opens with Alexis being dragged
into a room by her hair and being forced to strip. Now, Alexis is no eye-sore.
Blonde, beautiful hair � massive boobs, thin as you like � your standard
porn-girl � and she�s just standing there, totally naked in front of the camera
with a gloriously innocent look on her face. These random men tell her she�s a
slave now (the plot�s a bit poor, I know�), and instantly she gets on her hands
and knees and starts to suck this guy off, as another man handcuffs her hands
behind her back. As she does this, someone rips her clothes off and starts to
whip her, much to the delight of the audience at the back of the room. They
fuck her senseless, then they spank her a little, before the best bit � they
put a collar round her neck and parade her around the room butt naked as she
whimpers like some worthless little dog. It�s incredible � simple, yet
incredible. I�m pretty sure I�ve never watched it the whole way through � too
good to manage. The thing that always gets me is when she�s tied up and begging
to be fucked. She has the best little puppy dog eyes, and even as she�s
struggling with the ropes she�s pleading with her captors to be fucked. She has
a nice Texan drawl as well, so that sort of seals the deal � the ultimate
damsel in distress. And she was just sitting there, at the bar, waiting. 

Of course, this was
a once in a lifetime opportunity. I turned my head and smiled at her, flashing
my teeth � I call it the �Tom Cruise Flash�. I don�t really look like Tom
Cruise, I�ll be honest, but it�s a confidence thing. She smiled back, with
those big beautiful blue eyes � there was no-one else at the bar, and I suppose
I looked quite the catch � sitting alone, smiling inanely at a woman I knew
from so many viewings in a porn video. But, of course, it�s all about charm. I
flashed her the smile again, hoping old Tom Cruise wouldn�t fail me now. I
moved a chair closer, and moved my head towards her a bit more. 

�Can I buy you a
drink?� I put on my best cultured accent. Problem is that I usually go British
when I do that. Fortunately, she seemed less than horrified at my strange
attempt at class, and chuckled at my offer.

�Sure. Bacardi and
Coke.� She looked down at her lap as she played with her hair � classic signs
that she was both submissive and into me. I chuckled as I hailed the bartender
and ordered the drink, before returning to Alexis. She was stunning, no doubt
about it. She was your stereotypical porn-girl, though � if you saw her in the
street, you wouldn�t be surprised if she started stripping as soon as a camera
came on her. She looked like a slut, no doubt about it. I looked down at her
massive breasts, remembering those nipples and how she yelped like a dog when
they were pulled � how she begged for mercy when they put those clamps on her.
I was still in shock that she was here, and realised after about a minute that
I had been staring at her breasts without saying anything. I looked up at her
face, to see a bemused expression. Damn. She was dangerously close to finding
out that I was a pervert. I composed myself and smiled again. Funnily, she
smiled again � she didn�t seem all that turned off by my leering. She probably
likes it, dirty whore, I thought to myself. It was time for stage two of the
operation.

�Don�t I�know you
from somewhere?� I had to be as subtle as possible � I assumed some adult film
actresses are not really comfortable talking about their work to strangers. Also,
there was still the chance that she was just a respectable doppelganger, who
had the misfortune of looking like a porn actress. She turned and looked at me,
giving a sly smile.

�You might�� She
ran her finger seductively around her glass, letting the drops of water vapour
to run down it slowly. She knew how to be sexy � well, one would expect so,
given that it was her job.

�I do! A film,
right?� Again, playing it cool. Shouting to everyone that she worked in the
porn industry may not have been the smartest move � then again, we were
everybody in this bar, apart from the bartender, who seemed a bit doddery. Again,
she smiled and looked at me.

�Yeah. You could
call it that. Adult entertainment, hon.� Fucking yes. My mind wasn�t playing
tricks. My eyes lit up, probably noticeably. I went back to my own drink to
hide my excitement.

�Hah. I thought I
recognised you from that�was it called �Sexsluts in Chains� or something?� Of
course it was, I�d watched the thing a thousand times, of course it was. I just
thought she wouldn�t want to know I was her biggest ever fan.

�Yeah, that was
the one. Been in some other stuff since that, though.�

�Oh really?
Anything I might have heard of?� Her eyes twinkled, and she started playing
with her glass again.

�Yeah�I was tied
up and whipped by this guy in this film last year. That won a couple of awards,
but nothing like Sexsluts.� I had seen the other film, it wasn�t great � the
guy whipping her didn�t look all that dominant, and Alexis just seemed tired
after a bit � she had to do all the acting as this feeble man tried to whip
her. It was still great to see her plead and beg for mercy, as always.

�Man. I loved that
Sexsluts film. That bit where they parade you naked around the room with a
collar like a dog? I loved it. Wow. This certainly is a coincidence, I must
say.� This was when I moved in for the kill. Get her interested, lay the trap
and then maybe I�d have my own sexslut, crawling about on the floor. Sure, it
was a long shot. Hell, I�d never been in a dom/sub relationship � just seen it
on television, like I said. The chances of me getting one of the
all-time-sexiest-submissive women were exceptionally low. Still, I love the
idea of the underdog doing well for once.

�Coincidence? Why
is it a coincidence?�

�Oh, purely
because I also direct adult entertainment films.� Her eyes widened as I said
this � she seemed excited at the idea of us being in the same field of work.

�Really?! That is
very interesting. What sort of things do you do?� 

�Oh, I dabble,
mostly � started out by doing just vanilla stuff, now I�m starting to move into
male domination, you know? Girls in chains, being forced to be slaves �
inspired greatly by your 2004 film, I must say.� She blushed at this � flattery
always works. People love to hear how great their work is, regardless of
whether it�s being a doctor or a whore.

�Well, it�s always
good to know that there are fans out there, especially ones which are
directors, like yourself. Doing anything at the moment?�

�Yeah, we�re doing
a sort of kidnap fantasy thing � a girl is taken from her apartment and forced
to be a slave to these men, acting like a dog. It�s very sexy, but I just can�t
find a leading lady, you know?� I looked at her, hinting something very
obviously. She smiled to herself. Either she had caught on, or she was an
idiot.

�Well, that�s
interesting. I�m out of work at the moment. Perhaps I could audition some
time?�

My heart jumped.
Holy shit, it was working. �Yeah, sure, come by the office anytime you like,
and we can work something out.�

�Well�there�s
no-one around here at the moment. I could always audition now.� Those big blue
eyes looked up at me as she said this in her sweet Texan drawl. This was not
happening. It was some sort of wonderful, wonderful dream.

�Um�sure. That
sounds good. Well�I guess, you�d have to be naked, you know�� Surely she wasn�t
going to. My heart was pounding with excitement.

�Whatever my
Master should so wish.� My cock suddenly became so hard that it hurt. She�she
was doing it! She took off her blouse, and removed her skirt, before she was
just standing before me in a bra and panties. �Do I have to take these off too,
Sir?� I swear to God, I almost came at that. I was able to control myself and say
something resembling a sentence.

�W-well, if you
want to � it looks great anyway�� In an instant she was naked. The world�s
sexiest woman, in my own humble opinion, naked before me. I couldn�t believe
it.

�What shall I do
now, Master?� That sweet innocent voice was driving me crazy. I stammered and
coughed a little bit, unable to believe my eyes.



�J-just cr-crawl a bit on the floor, that�d be great, Alexis�� I was
still in shock as she crawled about, like a dirty little slut. I was dizzy with
excitement. Her perfect body, those curves, those breasts, those shapes, all
available to me. I was her Master, she had said it herself. I was giddy. I
looked down at her, watching her breasts sway and her ass wiggle, and started
to feel a bit sick. Shit. Shit! Of all days, for me to not hold my alcohol,
this had to be it. My head was telling me to sleep, but my cock was telling me
to continue watching this beautiful women. In situations like this, the head
usually wins. I hit the counter with a painful thud, and suddenly everything
went black.

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

I woke up, still a bit dizzy, and obviously
slightly confused. I always am, when I wake up after collapsing from alcohol,
but I had reason to be more confused this time. Firstly, I had only had one
beer, and although I am a bit of a light-weight, I still can�t believe I was
downed by that. Secondly, it was pitch-black and very cold. Alexis had gone,
and I had no idea where I was. I had the horrible feeling I was naked � I
slowly realised that my legs and arms were bare, and tried to cover myself up �
I�m a modest man, obviously. And of course, that�s when the panic really set
in. I couldn�t move my hands or my legs � they were tied behind me. I felt
something cold running down my neck and back, and tried to feel what it was � seemed
like some sort of pole. I pulled as hard as I could against the pole � I�m not
sure what I was trying to do, dislodge the pole or break my arms off. I flailed
about as best a naked, helpless man can when tied to a pole, before finally
deciding to use the only thing on my body that wasn�t restricted � my mouth. I
started yelling some desperate calls for help, followed by some meek
profanities, followed by some very strong profanities. Eventually, a light went
on in another room. A very thin sliver of light came into my room, and I had
the opportunity to take in my surroundings. The light was very dim, but I still
could see that it was a sort of bar, but not the same one in which Alexis had
been crawling before me � it seemed bigger and there seemed to be lots more
poles. My brain was rather slow, partly due to the alcohol and mostly due to my
own stupidity � so I was still exceptionally confused. Suddenly, the door
opened, and my thin sliver of light became a beacon. I could see the room, and,
perhaps more importantly, who was coming into the room, a bit more clearly. I
stared wide-eyed as they walked slowly over to the light switch, and lit up the
whole bar. My fears were confirmed. The bar was a strip club, complete with
many poles, and I was tied to one of them. Worst yet, the person who had just
revealed all this to me was Alexis, but not as I knew her.

����������� Firstly,
she was no longer naked. She was dressed in heels, and a corset, with long,
fishnet stockings whilst holding (worryingly) a whip. And, as if I need to tell
you, she was no longer submissive. She was standing upright, and she had a
glint in her eye when she looked at me � the sweet, submissive, innocent little
girl had gone, and a vulture stalking its helpless and wide-eyed prey had
replaced her. She slowly made her way from behind the bar and walked over to
me, her heels making that horrible �clack� sound as she did so. She did it ever
so slowly, making the wait even worse.

����������� Clack�clack�clack.
I began to sweat.

����������� I
had been silent all this time out of shock rather than my mouth being impaired
in some way, and thus once the shock had worn off, I began to speak. Apparently
there are a certain amount of stages that you go through when you�re in such a
situation. I�ll tell you now, I just started babbling as much crap as I could �
I threatened her with violence, I promised her I�d tell no-one if she let me go
now, I threatened her with death, I promised to definitely give her the part in
this film � I called her a whore, a bitch, a slut, then a beautiful,
intelligent and witty woman (I�m not sure why witty. Just came to me). Still
she was walking towards me, still her heels were making that awful, awful
sound. She smiled sweetly and placed her finger over my lips.

����������� �Shhhh.�
I was instantly silent. Even dominant, she was still beautiful � plus this was
the first physical contact I had had with my dream woman, even if it was whilst
I was tied up, naked and swearing at her. She stroked my face, and I still
couldn�t find any words. She was exceptionally beautiful. She looked as though
she really felt for me in my plight. Suddenly she slapped my face and placed a
bit of duct tape over my mouth, before turning away and facing me with those
suddenly fiery eyes. She had a small smile in her face, and was holding her
whip in both hands. I was struggling, and making muffled threats to her � she
stopped them immediately with another slap.

����������� �I
think it�s time you let me speak.� She stepped down from the strip club pole
and sat down on one of the chairs, usually occupied by a big, sweaty, horny man
� or in other words, me. �Do you know how many times I�ve fended off the
advances of some fat fuck like yourself? Always asking me to get down on my
hands and knees and suck them off, like in the film? One guy tried to put a collar
around my neck, the asshole. Usually I just ignore pricks like yourself, but
tonight�well. Tonight I thought I�d try something a bit different.� She smiled
at this, and looked down at her whip. �You remember that film I was telling you
about? Not the famous one, but my later one? You wanna know why the guy
dominating me looks so weak and feeble?� She grinned up at me, pausing for
dramatic effect. �Because every night,� her eyes were looking straight into
mine � hers with sadistic delight, mine with ever-increasing fear, �Every
night, I�d tie that son-of-a-bitch up and make him sorry he was ever born.
Whether he liked it or not. Originally he said he was willing to try something
new, by the end of it he was just begging for fucking mercy. How can you truly
dominate someone before a camera, knowing that they�re going to tie you up and
do what the fuck they like to you once the cameras stop rolling?� She was still
smiling as she reclined out on a couch behind the chair. �My personal differs
greatly from my professional. I don�t do female domination on camera because
it�s all so fake. Plus, the people who audition to be whipped and fucked by a
woman already know the supremacy of the female species. What�s the point of
preaching to the choir? However, preaching to a bad little boy who lies to
innocent little girls does have a point.� She looked up at me, coldly, before
walking slowly up to pull of the piece of duct tape, making me yelp out. �Do
you direct adult entertainment films?� she asked, knowing the answer she wanted
to hear. Unfortunately, I didn�t quite understand.

����������� �Let
me go you fucking whore! I know your production company! I can get you fired��
Suddenly she smashed the whip down on my helpless nipple. Now, I�d seen that
done plenty of times to Alexis and other porn actresses, but never had the
stupidity to try it myself. It hurt. A lot. I screamed out, and struggled more,
before continuing my rampage against her. Again, the whip came down, on the
other nipple. I screamed out again, and looked up at her. She was much taller
in the heels.

����������� �Answer
the question. Do you direct adult entertainment films?� 

����������� �Y-yeah.
Totally. You�re definitely not getting the part now�� Again, the whip. I bit my
lip to stop the screaming. She grabbed my nipple and started to twist, causing
me to shout as hard as I could � you probably could have heard it from outside.
She looked at me with those big, cold eyes.

����������� �You�re
lying again. Tell me the truth. Do you direct adult entertainment films?� I
swallowed my pride to stop the pain.

����������� �N-no.�
She beamed, and grabbed my nipple, glowing now, and gave it a nice big twist
anyway. 

����������� �That�s
because you lied in the first place. Well�� She looked at me, with those eyes,
which were half evil, half innocent, ��it�s actually because I can do what the
fuck I like. Because you�re a tied up little toy for me to play with!� She was
circling my nipple with her very long fingernails. �Tsch. Does look very red,
doesn�t it. Tell me�what�s your real job then, my tied-up little pain toy?�

����������� ��I
work at an adult videostore. It�s�very popular.� She laughed heartily when I
told her this. 

����������� �So
you�re a pervert! I see!� I looked at her, anger boiling in my blood.

����������� �I�m
not a pervert! I just�� The whip came down again, this time on my ass. I yelped
and jumped up: the laughing stopped. 

����������� �Yes
you are. You�re a filthy pervert who lied to me, who works at a sex shop.� I
didn�t want to risk another whipping, and lowered my eyes.

����������� �Yes.�

����������� �Yes
what?� She looked at me, smiling, knowing the humiliation that she was
inflicting on me.

����������� �Yes
I am a filthy pervert who lied to you and who works at a sex shop.� I stared at
her with a hatred so strong � I never would have believed that I would hate
Alexis Loxx, of all people, this much. Especially after that display in the
other bar.

����������� �Hmm.�
She growled slightly, well, less animalistic, but more displeased � which, as I
had seen before, was just as bad, if not worse. �I don�t think you�re showing
me much respect. Or maybe I�m showing you too much, I can�t quite tell. Anyway,
from now on, you�re going to call me Mistress.� She looked at me, smiling
sweetly. �I can�t quite decide what to call you. I could settle for just plain
slave�or bitch�or slut�or maybe sexslut! You�d like that, wouldn�t you? Bit of
irony, eh, sexslut?� She looked angrily at me, before whipping my ass with her
crop again. �Answer me, slut!�

����������� �Owwww!
Yes Mistress!� I winced. Like I said, I hate female domination. Even when it�s
women on women. And now was even worse. I�d never felt so degraded in my whole
life. I struggled with the bonds again, hoping maybe the bitch had tied it a
little too loose or something. 

����������� �Oh,
does someone not like their new ropes? Maybe we can untie them and have some
more fun, slut!� My eyes widened at this. A chance to escape. Or better. Grab
her and tie her up and see how she likes it. Sadly, in a matter of seconds, I
knew that I wasn�t going to get such an opportunity, as Alexis pulled out a
knife from a bag which I had only just realised was next to my feet. �Move, and
I�ll slit your throat, slave. Understand?� I nodded slowly, looking at the
glinting knife with horror. This bitch was crazy! She undid the ropes, and
threw me to the floor, chuckling slightly. 

����������� �Oh,
you filthy pervert. How many times have you watched �Sexsluts in Chains�,
then?� She laughed as she circled me, helpless, on the floor. �Yeah, I can see
you, jacking off to me. When I�m all tied up, as men helplessly fuck me and
call me a whore as I scream for mercy.� I looked down at my cock. It started to
go hard, right on cue. Alexis did not miss this. �Hah! What a slut! What a
filthy dirty slut! You�re getting hard right now!� She pulled me up by the
hair. �Come on then. How many times have you watched it, slut?�

����������� I
looked down at the floor. �About�three, Mistress.� Instantly she slapped me in
the face and pulled my hair harder.

����������� �Why
do you constantly lie to me, bitch? Tell your Mistress the truth.� I looked
down at the floor again. How could I tell her? I didn�t even know. Must have
been close to ninety views, perhaps a hundred. I sighed to myself. I am such a pervert.

����������� �I�I
don�t honestly know, Mistress. A hundred?� She burst out laughing as I looked
down at the floor.

����������� �A
hundred?! You�re unbelievable, slave! You are the most worthless pervert that
has ever had the privilege of meeting me! You probably know the fucking thing
off by heart, you dirty slut!� She was laughing even as she whipped me,
thwacking the crop down onto my back, making me yelp out in pain. �I should
whip you as many times as you�ve seen me whipped � must be well over ten
thousand, don�t you think, slave?� My eyes widened.

����������� �Please
Mistress�please no, I�ll do anything�� I hated myself. I was doing my best
damsel-in-distress impression. Fuck. What kind of a man was I, writhing about
on the floor here as this porn slut laughed at me? She stared down at me, with
those eyes, those enchanting eyes � and smiled.

����������� �Anything?�
It was so clich�d, and yet so sexy. If the roles had been reversed, I probably
would have died at hearing her say �anything� again in that sexy, desperate Texas voice of
hers. Instead, I was on the floor, begging to her, as she held a knife to my
throat. �Well, if it�s anything�we�re going to act out some scenes, slut. From
your favourite film. Except we�re going to switch around some of the roles, so
that I�m on the top, and you�re on the bottom!� I groaned inside. I was also
very confused, as there seemed to be some things in that video that were
impossible to do with a man as a slut, or as the woman as the slut-user. Still,
I had no doubt that Alexis would make sure that I was utterly humiliated by the
end of this terrible ordeal. She dragged me off the stage, away from the pole,
and to the bar itself. She lifted me up, onto my feet, and chained my hands
around a pole that went horizontally across the top of the bar so that I was
hanging, my feet and cock dangling, as this beautiful whore watched me whilst
tapping her whip.

����������� �You
probably remember this scene slave, given the amount of times you�ve pleasured
yourself to it. It�s the one where the slut (or you, today) is chained to a
pole, and is left to hang, helplessly, whilst the slut�s master (me) whips the
slut. Shall we give it a go?� I shook my head in desperation � hell, I was in a
terrible situation, what could possibly make it worse? She smiled at me
sweetly. �Well, now, slave�it�s not really your choice, is it?� She continued
her sweet smile as she swung the whip, preparing the first strike, whilst I
whimpered. �Now, do you remember what happened on the porn, slut? Do you remember
I was whipped twenty times and had to thank the torturer each time? Every time
you forget to thank me, I�ll whip you again. Remember that, slave.�

����������� The
first strike came down suddenly and shot through my body worse than all the
other times I had been hit with that other puny crop. This was a real whip, a
cat-o-nine tails, whatever you wanna call it. I was screaming for about ten
seconds, begging this woman for no more, pleading to her like some miserable
slave would to a master. Of course, I didn�t thank her, in my anguish, and that
did not go down well. 

����������� �Oh,
I said that you should thank me! You must have misheard, bitch. Let�s try it
again, shall we? One.� It shot through my entire body again, and I yelped out
before correcting myself with a feeble �Thank you, Mistress.� She seemed
satisfied with this, and struck again, this time on my ass, which was still
reeling from the earlier beating. 

����������� �Ahhhh
FUCK! Thank you Mistress!� This time, I was a little bit more passionate. The
pain was unbearable, I could feel the marks being left there � not welts, more
wounds. Alexis smiled at me as she whipped me, I could feel those eyes staring
at me and laughing at me. I was nothing to her. I filled up with rage again,
and after ten painful whips I tried to kick out at her, which only made me look
foolish � dangling and hanging from this pole, I swung from side to side,
without touching Alexis. She growled.

����������� �I
don�t like it when my slaves try to mutiny. I didn�t do that when I was chained
up there, did I, slut?� I lowered my eyes, blushing. I couldn�t exactly pretend
I hadn�t tried to kick her, it was quite blatant. I felt the whip come down
again, and she grabbed the back of my head, pulling her face close to mine. If
she hadn�t just whipped me, I could have sworn she was going to kiss me.
Instead, she slapped me in the face and looked me in the eyes with a cold fury
I had not seen before.

����������� �I
asked you a question. I expect an answer. Is that too much, whore?�

����������� �No
Mistress, it is not too much.�

����������� �Then
answer my fucking question.�

�No Mistress, you
didn�t do that when you were chained up there.�

�That�s right. I
was a perfect slave. You�re just a whore, a little bitch who can�t control his
own urges.� She threw down the whip and went back to the bag. I hung there, in
total silence, knowing that I was going to be here until Alexis said so. I
dangled about for a while, praying this was all some horrible nightmare and
that I�d wake up, with Alexis as my little slut, auditioning for the role in my
film. What the fuck was I thinking? I never should have tried to chat up a porn
actress! I wouldn�t have got into this fucking mess if I hadn�t. I cursed
myself, and tried to look at my abused body. Jesus Christ, it was horrible �
blood was starting to come out of the marks on my chest, whilst I could feel
blood running down my leg from my ass. Everything was still on fire � my ass,
my chest, my face�I just wanted to go home. Suddenly, I heard that noise again,
the one which I had associated with pain. The horrible clack of her heels. I
began to sweat again, as she came back, smiling that evil smile as she always
does � holding clamps.

�Well, I thought
as seeing as you don�t like whipping, we�d give clamps a go!� She smiled before
grabbing my nipple and snapping the clamp on, forcing a scream out of my tired
lips. �Aww, don�t worry, I�ll come to your left tit, slave�� She grabbed the
other nipple and clamped down on it, making me scream even more. She stood back
to admire her work � a hanging male slut, complete with wounds and nipple
clamps. �It�s better than the film, isn�t it, bitch!� I nodded, too tired to
think. Just agree with her. It�ll all be over sooner. �I think it�s time to
give you something you want now, slave!� My ears perked up at this, but not
very much. The slut in a domme�s costume had promised me many things � and not
one of them had come true. She still had that wicked look in her eyes as she
undid the chains around my wrists, allowing me to fall to the floor with a
thump.

�Get on your hands
and knees, slut.� She had that icy cold look in her eyes, and a hint of a smile
as I did so. She didn�t even have the knife, and I wasn�t tied up, but I was
too hurt and tired to resist anymore. She placed looser chains around my wrists
and legs, so that I could move, but only just. She brushed my cock as she did
so, accidentally at first, but then to see my reaction. She smiled as my cock
betrayed me as she touched it. She laughed, and went next to my ear. �Don�t
worry. I�m not here to pleasure you.� After she had whispered into my ear, she
pulled my head up, revealing my neck. She sighed happily, placing a collar
attached to a leash around my neck. She patted me on the head, and instantly I
recognised the scene. Near the middle of the film, Alexis is thrown on the
floor and forced to be a doggie. I had told her it was my favourite part of the
film. Shit. 

�You�ll enjoy
this, slave. It�s your favourite scene! The slut is a little doggie, paraded
and humiliated! I got you the little collar and everything!� She seemed so
delighted at this, and started to march around the room, pulling me along with
her. She dragged me all over the room, calling me a bitch, a whore, a slut �
just like the film. Suddenly, she stopped, seemingly distressed. �Hrm. Slave,
I�ll admit, it�s not quite the same, is it?� She looked down at me with those
big eyes and grinned evilly. �We need more people, don�t we!� I pleaded with
her with my eyes, lowering myself to her level � well, hell, I couldn�t really
get much lower � but it didn�t work � before I knew it, I was being dragged out
the door and into pitch darkness.

I looked around,
hearing the sound of the city. Shit. We must be miles away from that original
bar. I couldn�t really tell where we are � she must have put something pretty
strong in my drink to have the time to move me all the way from my small
country village into the middle of the city. We looked to be in a pretty rough
area of town too � plenty of weird clubs. Alexis pulled me through the mud, the
clacks of her heels louder than before. I can�t imagine what we looked like �
it was about two in the morning, so no-one important would have seen us � thank
god, a strange woman dragging me naked behind her was not a sight I wanted any
of my friends or family to see. She pulled me to this club � I can�t remember
the name but it had a woman holding a whip at the front � and barged us inside,
using her pornstar status to get in. I was going red with embarrassment. Female
subs � my kind of woman, for fuck�s sake � were looking at me and laughing.
Male masters � my contemporaries (well, not quite) � were calling me a whore.
And the Mistresses? Well, there were plenty of offers. I was actually thanking
Christ that I was collared when this huge woman told me she was going to fuck
me until I screamed � if I hadn�t been chained up, she would have grabbed me
and I very much doubt I�d be alive today. Alexis, of course, the attention
whore, was loving it. She was telling everyone that I was her little slut,
whore and doggie. The worst was when she told me to bark � I�d give a feeble
�Woof!� and she�d slap me in the face and tell me I was the worst whore she had
ever seen. I�d then try and bark louder � I couldn�t believe it, I was trying
to please this woman, humiliating myself even more. The very worst, however,
came when a man, quite a well-toned guy, asked if he could give me a spanking.
Alexis, of course, gleefully agreed, and within a matter of minutes I was on
this man�s lap, screaming like a petulant child as he beat me. I didn�t know
what was worse � the physical pain or the humiliation. Once he�d finished, he
threw me onto the floor and scoffed, �You�re pathetic.� I shivered with
disgust. I felt so dirty. Alexis soon dragged me away from him, and into a
private room.

�Well, slave. This
is it. The final scene of the film.� I looked confused. What was the final
scene of the film? I�d never gone through the whole thing. I was obviously
about to find out, as Alexis grabbed me and unchained my hands and feet. She
then went about tying my hands behind my back, and tying my feet together,
before throwing me forward, so that my face was on the floor and my ass in the
air. I had a horrible feeling I knew what was coming.

�Oh yes, slave.
You were probably wondering how I was going to manage without a disgusting
cock, but I found a way.� She stood in front of me, and pulled me up, so that I
could look at her massive strap-on cock. �Suck it, bitch.� I hesitated � the
wrong move � and she grabbed me by the hair and thrust her plastic cock into my
face � I had to open my mouth or have my face gyrated into a bloody pulp. Tears
started to form in my eyes as she thrust it down my mouth � partially because
of the deep-throating, partially because I was sucking a woman�s cock. I felt
so feeble and weak as she fucked my face like some useless hole, laughing and
holding my nose as I did so, so that I gagged profusely on her strap-on. Just
when I was wondering whether this was it � whether I was going to die a slut on
a crazed porn actress� cock � she threw me off it, sending me into the wall,
where I struggled, a tied up helpless heap. She grabbed me once more and placed
me in my original position, ass in the air, helpless again, and started to
laugh. �It�s time, slave. The final scene. I assume you know all about this.� I
stood still, not knowing what to do. Would I gain respect if I said I didn�t?
Or would she laugh at me for not finishing the film because I was jacking off?
I assumed the last. Something about me must have given it away. �Oh my. Unless
you�ve never seen the end of the film. Wouldn�t that be funny, slave?� She
laughed at me, pulling my face up then throwing it back down. �So really I
could do whatever I liked now. Because you and your pathetic cock couldn�t
manage a ninety minute sexy film. Instead, I�m going to do what they do at the
end of the film to the slut. I think you can guess,� she said, a giggle in her
voice, holding up her cock, moist with my saliva, and laying down, just above
my ass. �It�s time for the anal rape, slave.� She laughed as she eased her way
into my ass, my own spit providing lubrication. She seemed to be quite gentle,
easing herself in, and not going in too deep. Suddenly she burst through my
tight ass, causing me to scream out in pain. She started to thrust, in and out,
even more than I do usually when fucking, seeming determined to make it hurt as
much as possible. She was going faster and deeper, and I was just there,
helplessly being buggered by this whore. Every thrust was a confirmation of my
degradation, my humiliation � she kept calling me a slut and a whore as I took
this anal rape, the tears rolling down my face like a little fucking girl. She
grabbed my hair and pulled me up, making me feel her dominance over me even
more � �Take that you little bitch! You like that? Huh? You little fucking
slut!� She laughed and thrust, before starting to moan. The thrusting got
faster, and just as deep, as I moaned and cried. Alexis started to scream in
pleasure, at the top of her lungs, like in the video, except things were
slightly different. She moaned like she had never moaned before, before
breathing a sigh of relief, telling me that she had come. She got slower and
shallower with her thrusts, before stopping altogether, and pulling out � the
horrible slopping sound � usually associated with pleasure at the end of a good
fuck for me � was now the sign of mercy by her. She was finally stopping. 

�Oh, my, slave.
That was wonderful. You really are a good little fucktoy, aren�t you?� She
knelt down and stroked my face, looking at me once more. �I�m going to go now,
honey. Oh, and this has all been put on camera, honey. I had that old abandoned
strip-club hooked up with cameras and stuff, so I have it all saved. The
whipping, the tied-to-a-pole, the nipple clamps, even here...� She laughed
here, and showed me a camera in the corner � apparently, for the voyeurs, the
club does a little video on request so that you can watch your session again
and again. I shuddered at the thought of watching my session again. �If you
tell anyone about this, slut, I�ll release these videos on the internet, and
send copies to everyone in your little town.� She showed me my wallet and
contact list which she must have stolen from my pants, and laughed as I
struggled. �Then again, not that you�ll have much of an opportunity to tell anyone
� naked with no money in a strange town�good luck getting back!� She smiled as
she turned away, with me whimpering for mercy. She smiled and turned back at
me. Thank god she wasn�t going to leave me in this state, my
stupidly-optimistic mind thought. She knelt down, and slowly placed a ball gag
into my protesting mouth, before whispering in my ear, �We�ll just have to hope
someone comes in and unties you, eh, slut?� She laughed evilly as she walked
away, leaving behind me, screaming profanities into my gag. She left the
session room, blowing me a kiss and winking at me as she did so, as I wondered
how things could get any worse. 

About five minutes
later, I heard the door open, and turned my head to see if it was some kind
soul to untie me. Instead, the well-toned man who had spanked me was standing
over me and looking at my exposed asshole.

�Wow. Lucky me.
Free slut for use,� he said with an evil grin whilst unzipping his trousers.

Things had just
got much worse. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jamb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





