BDSM Library - The Ambitious Race for Collecting Art




The Ambitious Race for Collecting Art
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My hommage to John Willie\'s work. A dastardly duo abduct women who are their rivals in collecting antiques. They subject them into strict and stimulating bondage. One of the abductee\'s lover tries to rescue her.







ww

 
  John Maker
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-04-26T00:26:00Z
  2006-04-26T00:26:00Z
  1
  3766
  21471
  Atlantis Co.
  178
  50
  25187
  10.2625
 

 
  
  1
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:Times;
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&quot;The Ambitious Race for Collecting Art&quot;

&nbsp;

A Piece of Fiction by Traveller

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter: 1 

&nbsp;

The brunette squirmed helplessly on the
marble floor of the 

dimly lit room. The bob of her hair hid
the sweat formed on her 

forehead. Her struggling hiked up the
skirt of her French maid 

uniform, revealing the lace top of her
ruined stockings and the 

rest of her garter belt. She let out a
high pitched noise muffled 

effectively by the ace bandage wrapped
around her lower face. 

&nbsp;

The man with the thin mustache, wearing
a tailored suit, 

enjoyed the sight as he puffed on his
cigar. He put the roll of 

bandage on the table where the rest of
the coil of rope used to 

hogtie the brunette, rested. Upon
hearing footsteps behind him, 

Clark Willie, turned around to face
Ursula Stanton, dressed in 

her stiletto heels and a latex catsuit.


&nbsp;

&quot;I'm impressed, my dear. You're
working fast, indeed&quot; she said 

while taking notes in a small adress
book. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You can untie poor Monique,
now&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Just five more minutes...&quot;
he said with a huge grin, watching 

the feisty girl struggling in her
bonds. 

&nbsp;

Ursula produced a cigarette, complete
with it's holder out of no 

where. Clark lit her cigarette. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're both a gentleman and a
villian with a heart, my dear Mr. 

Willie&quot; she smiled.&quot;Our first
target is the daughter of Ricky 

Fellon. He's the only one that can
outbid my offer for that 

expensive jewellery box. In fact, the
reason he wants to buy it is 

her daughter. So if we take her out of
the picture, I'll be able to 

buy that priceless piece of
antique&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;What about that lovely Russian
ballerina?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Olga Pudovkin retired a decade
ago, dear, so I don't think it's 

appropriate to call her a ballerina.
No, she's my rival for that 

mirror from the 17th century. On top of
our list we have Gwen 

Fellon. Now if you'll untie Monique, we
can get to work. I'll be 

waiting in the car&quot; 

&nbsp;

Ursula exhaled the smoke and left the
room as Clark untied 

Monique's crossed ankles. 

&nbsp;

------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------- 

-------------------------------------------------


&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Gwen Fellon is a twenty year old
college student majoring in 

journalism. With her sad blue eyes, the
hairband keeping her 

blonde hair tidy and her beautiful
visage she is the dream girl 

of every other person in her class.
Gwen, dressed in her white 

blouse, tight skirt, white ankle socks
and black ballet flat shoes, 

waits for her chauffeur in the corner
just outside of the campus. 

Just as she waits with her books
pressed against her chest, a 

young woman in a long coat approaches
her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Excuse me. Would you like to sign
the petition for a new chess 

club?&quot; Monique asks with a pen in
her hand. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Sure&quot; Gwen smiles, not
noticing the car with the tinted 

windows, come to a stop right next to
her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Where should I sign?&quot;she
asks innocently as Clark emerges 

from the car with a blanket in hand.
Ursula follows him with a 

coil of rope. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Right there&quot; she points as
she makes eye contact with Clark. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I used to play chess
in...??&quot; 

&nbsp;

Without a warning, Clark throws the
blanket over Gwen's head. 

Her books fall on the floor.
Immideately she begins struggling 

and tries to kick her assailant. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What is... ??? HELP!!!&quot; she
screams in panic. &quot;HELP ME!!! I'm 

being abduMMMPFF!!&quot; Clark clamps
his hand over Gwen's 

mouth over the fabric encasing her
upper body. Monique holds 

the struggling girl as Ursula ropes up
her arms and legs. Still 

handgagged, Gwen is forced to get
inside the car. Monique 

gets in the driver's seat as Clark and
Ursula get in the back with 

their captive sandwiched between them.
The blonde journalism 

major whimpered at the top of her
lungs, under the hand 

covering her lips as the car
disappeared within seconds... 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter: 2 

&nbsp;

Gwen is tied to a chair, her hands tied
to the arms of the chair 

and her feet tied to it's legs with
rope. A strip of white tape seals 

her lips shut. Her bulging cheeks point
that her mouth is stuffed 

with something big in size. Another
strip of tape blindfolds her. 

Gwen's clothing has been removed,
except for her underwear, 

ankle socks and ballet flats. She keeps
mewing like a kitten. 

Ursula stands behind her captive,
speaking on the phone, one 

hand covering Gwen's already gagged
mouth. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm glad we're clear on that Mr.
Fellon. It was nice talking to 

you&quot; 

&nbsp;

Ursula hangs up the phone. With both
hands, she cups Gwen's 

firm breasts and carress them softly.
Gwen shakes her head 

from side to side, in a very feminine
fashion. Then without a 

warning Ursula removes the tape
covering her eyes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMPHH!&quot; Gwen moans,
blinking her eyes. 

&nbsp;

She looks around the room and sees
Willie talking to a 

Japanese man, dressed in a suit. He
holds two seperate 

leashes that connect to collars on two
Asian girls kneeling 

beside him. Ursula puts a finger on
Gwen's chin and raises her 

head so that her blue eyes are looking
into hers. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I have some business to attend
to, my dear&quot; she says while her 

red painted fingernails slide over the
outline of her lips under 

the tape. &quot;Mr. Kaori will make
sure that you'll have a good time 

while we're gone. He's also one of the
bidders for your auction&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMMPPFRRRRRRR?!&quot; Gwen
whimpered in terror. Here 

she was abducted by this woman.
Obviously insane enough to 

keep her bound and gagged so that she
could hunt the artifacts 

she is after. But this last piece of
news meant that Gwen wasn't 

going home after all. She was so scared
that she began 

rocking the chair back and forth in an
attempt to get free. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ursula, dear. Monique called and
said that she was able to 

buy the item&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;How sweet. Then shall we pay a
visit to Ms. Pudovkin?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Indeed. Monique will meet us
there. Ms. Fellon, I'm sorry that I 

won't be able to witness the shibari
tutorial Mr. Kaori will 

present. Some other time maybe.
Kaori-san, please excuse us&quot; 

&nbsp;

Ursula and Willie left Gwen alone with
Mr. Kaori and his slaves. 

Gwen knew that this man was up to no
good looking from the 

grin on his face as stroked her hair.
His slaves untied Gwen 

and held her arms, pinning her to the
ground as he took coils of 

rope. She yelled into the gag and tried
to fight the girls holding 

her, but in contrast to their feline
forms, they were too strong for 

her. One of the girls clamped a hand
over Gwen's mouth since 

her protests got louder as Mr. Kaori
began tying pieces of rope 

around her waist. Another piece of rope
was tied that went 

between Gwen's legs, pressing on her
clit over her panties. The 

other end of the rope was tied to her
hands bound behind her 

back. Soon Gwen was standing on one
leg, her other leg 

spread ninety degrees and tied to a
hook on the ceiling. She 

was exhausted as she tried to keep her
balance. To Gwen's 

surprise, as she tried to loosen the
ropes binding her wrists, 

she began to feel a sensation build up
between her legs and 

other sensitive parts. The crotchrope
between her legs kept 

rubbing against her clit with the
slightest movement. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm... Looks like you're
enjoying this Gwen-chan&quot; Mr. Kaori 

smiled, approaching her with a leather
paddle in hand. 

&nbsp;

The two oriental beauties poured
babyoil over Gwen's soft 

buttcheeks and breasts. Then without a
warning, the paddle 

landed on Gwen's ass. She shrieked into
the gag. One of the 

slaves immideately kissed the spot
where the paddle had 

landed. The other slave kept pulling at
the ropes encircling 

Gwen's breasts, putting pressure on
them. The saddle landed 

on her globes ( which turned pink ) one
more time. They looked 

like jelly under the paddling. Gwen's
shiny body was overcome 

by weird sensations she never
experienced before. The paddle 

striked her bare ass again. Poor Gwen
tried to keep her 

balance, with the rope burried in her
crotch stimulating her. 

Gwen was left in sweat, her panties
were already soaked with 

her own juices... 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter: 3 

&nbsp;

I can't stop but think about Gwen... My
sweet Gwendoline... It's 

almost like a weird dream ( or
nightmare ) out of an Alain 

Robbe Grillet novel... I blame myself
for her disappearence... 

Only if I could get there in time... 

&nbsp;

There she was standing in the corner
with her blue eyes lost in 

thought. A brunette that resembled the
heroines of those 

popular silent French films, spoke to
her... I was going to 

surprise her with the necklace I had
bought for her but I was 

running late because Prof. Indy Jones'
lecture seemed to go on 

and on. When the class was over I ran
out the door to give my 

Gwen her present. I kept running, not
stopping to say hi to 

Wendy or Charlotte. 

&nbsp;

Just as I was about to call out to
Gwen, a car stopped right next 

to her, blocking my view... I saw the
man pulling a blanket over 

her head and the older woman pushing
her into the car. I was 

in total shock... I called out at the
top of my lungs but it was too 

late. The car had left with my Gwen in
the backseat... I wonder 

where she is right now... Bound hand
and foot, held in a 

basement somewhere? In an opium house
in Chinatown? 

Dressed as an oriental slave, wearing a
see through outfit 

complete with an anklet... Her slender
ankle tied to an iron 

ball? These thoughts cloud my mind...
Oh... My sweet, sweet 

Gwendoline... 

&nbsp;

Mr. Fellon made it clear that he wasn't
going to call the police... 

I was furious since I could easily
identify the abductors... It turns 

out that it's a conspiracy to eliminate
Mr. Fellon from that 

auction. But how can you trust those
people, what if they don't 

let Gwen go... What if they decide to
make profit from her 

beauty... I argue with Mr. Fellon that
she can be inside a crate 

in the docks, waiting to be transported
to another country as we 

wait here... No, he's not convinced of
my &quot;pulp fiction inspired 

imagination&quot;. That's when I get
out of there... I get into my car 

and go straight to the auction... If
those people want that 

antique case so badly, they'll be there
somewhere, lurking in 

the shadows... 

&nbsp;

The auction didn't start yet... I wait
in the lobby with a drink in 

my hand, scanning my surroundings... A
redhead with green 

eyes, in a black dress, flirts with me.
I tell her politely that I'm 

waiting for someone. That's when I see
her... The French 

brunette... She goes inside the auction
room. I follow her like 

The Shadow... I might find Gwen on my
own afterall. Well, every 

young man dreams of being the hero that
saves the damsel, 

right? I sit at the back where I have a
good view of the brunette 

and I wait ( patiently I must add )... 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter: 4 

&nbsp;

I keep my eyes on the brunette. She
looks calm. I mean after 

all, she had kidnapped an innocent girl
and yet she can walk 

around in public with confidence. The
first auction item is the 

jewellery case that Gwen's abductors
want so bad. The 

brunette keeps pulling her hair behind
her ear as she keeps 

raising her flag and I notice the
delicate nape of her neck. How 

can a beautiful young woman like her be
part of a horrible 

crime like this? 

&nbsp;

That's it... Within a minute she is the
new owner of the antique 

case she came here to claim. The
brunette gets up and leaves. 

I follow her. She hands a piece of
paper to someone from the 

personnel, the adress that the case
will be delivered, I assume. 

The clicking sound produced by her
heels echo in the empty 

hall. I can't take my eyes off her back
seamed stocking clad 

legs and I feel excited. Because of her
allure or because of this 

hot pursuit... I don't know... 

&nbsp;

She occupies a phone booth and dials a
number, probably 

calling her partners in crime. I manage
to pick a few words. &quot;Mr. 

Willie? This is Monique&quot;
&quot;Yes..&quot; &quot;I'll meet...&quot;. Monique exits the 

hotel and I keep following her. She
looks around as if she 

sensed someone is following her. I hide
in the shadows. She 

heads towards a narrow alley. I wait
for a few seconds and go 

in the same direction. 

&nbsp;

She's about to get into her car.
Without making much noise, I 

come up behind her and clamp my hand
over her mouth. 

Immideately, she starts making mewing
noises. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Be quiet&quot; I whisper in her
ear. As she keeps struggling, her 

rear keeps rubbing my crotch and I
feel... I don't know... &quot;I said 

be quiet&quot;. She stops fighting me. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm a friend of Gwen's. The girl
you have kidnapped&quot; 

&nbsp;

She giggles under my hand covering her
mouth. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm going to remove my hand and
you're going to remain 

silent&quot; I felt like I was the
criminal here. Why did I even say that? 

I mean here I have caught one of my
sweetheart's kidnappers 

and I act as if I'm one of them...
Anyway, she nodded in 

agreement. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen, you're going to take me
to her. Don't try to make a move 

or... I'll have to hurt you&quot; even
I didn't believe my last remark. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You don't know what you're
getting yourself into, Ace&quot; she 

giggled 

&nbsp;

I had to think of something. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Be quiet and remove one of your
stockings&quot; 

She knew what I had in mind but with a
mischievious smile, she 

held one of her high heels by it's heel
and removed the shoe. 

Monique hiked up her skirt to reveal
her garter belt. She undid 

the suspender holding the stocking and
slowly peeled the 

nylon as if she were performing a
burlesque show. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Come on Gypsy Rose, we don't have
much time&quot; 

&nbsp;

She wriggled her painted toes, teasing
me. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Like what you see, Ace?&quot; she
smiled. 

&nbsp;

I didn't answer her question and tied
Monique's hands infront of 

her with the stocking. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Be a getleman and help me with my
shoe&quot; she was acting 

cool. 

&nbsp;

I took her shiny high heel and helped
her foot slide back in. 

She had shapely feet, slender ankles...
I opened the passanger 

door of the car and she got in. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're going fine. You might get
lucky by the end of our date&quot; 

she said sarcastically. I got behind
the wheel and started the 

engine 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, give me the directions&quot;


&nbsp;

&quot;Don't worry, my spot is
close&quot; she grinned. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No games, doll&quot; I said in my
best hard boiled detective voice. 

We kept driving in the night. 

&nbsp;

Big Band music plays inside the car(
she asked me to turn on 

the radio ). Monique crossed her legs
and my eyes caught a 

glimpse of her panties. 

then I saw her looking at me, looking
at her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We can have fun if you pull
over&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Be quiet&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Have any cigarettes?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't smoke&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;You want to play hero, huh? Well
let me tell you Ace, this is the 

big boys playing. Can you handle
it.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Just be quiet&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;They are waiting for me. They'll
know something is wrong if I 

don't show up&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;As soon as I rescue Gwen, we're
calling the police&quot; She was 

making me nervous. 

&nbsp;

We drove for an hour and reached a
mansion that belonged to 

Ursula Stanton ( that's what Monique
told me anyway ). I 

stopped the car. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now... I can't trust you. So
please if you can move your 

stockinged leg on my lap&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm... a foot massage... I like
that&quot; 

&nbsp;

I gave Monique a serious look and with
my hands sweating, I 

removed her stocking. Again, I helped
her with her shoe. I 

moved closer and pulled Monique's hair
behind her ear. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmm... It was about time&quot;
she closed her eyes and made a 

move to kiss me, I pulled the stocking
between her teeth. 

Monique opened her eyes as I tied it
behind her head. 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMPFF??&quot; she moaned as I
gagged her with the nylon. I got 

out and helped her get out the car. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Lead the way, doll&quot; she
moaned into her gag. We managed to 

get inside the mansion easily. She knew
another entrance 

since we couldn't go through the main
door for the obvious 

reasons. Her shoes made so much noise
that I knelt infront of 

her and removed them. I held Monique's
arm with one hand 

while I held her shoes with the other. 

&nbsp;

We went down to a large basement which
resembled a 

warehouse in proportions. I heard
people talking in a foreign 

language.. Japanese... and faint
whimpers... 

&nbsp;

The basement is full of crates. We hide
behind one of them. I 

see two women, oddly enough, in chains.
A man puffs on a 

cigar. The women open up one of the
crates. My eyes scan the 

room as I hold Monique's arm with my
hand. That's when I see 

my Gwen!!! 

&nbsp;

&quot;What have they done to her&quot;
I speak out loud. Monique giggles 

behind her gag. 

&nbsp;

Gwen sits on a crate, naked except for
her bra and panties. Her 

clothes and ballet flats are piled up
next to her. A square piece 

of black tape covers her mouth. Her
ankles are crossed and 

bound with rope. Her arms are pulled
behind her, causing her 

breasts to thrust forward. Additional
ropes go over and under 

her breasts causing them to bulge out
even more. The sight of 

her bound and gagged like this ( for
some strange reason ) 

excites me. It most definately creates
a bizarre aesthetic. I 

watch as she makes circling movements
with her pretty feet ( 

probably to keep circulation ). She
mews into the black tape 

that contrasts with her white skin. She
squirms sensually in her 

bondage. It looks like a dreamy erotic
dance ( now that's 

another weird thought ). The man speaks
to the other women in 

Japanese. I'm glad that I learned
Japanese from Mrs. Lee ( a 

Japanese diplomat's wife ) when I was
much younger. The man 

makes cruel remarks about how fetching
Gwen looks, straining 

against the ropes like that. He gives
them orders. One woman 

holds Gwen by her feet while the other
holds her under her 

arms. The oriental ladies carry Gwen
towards a crate as she 

thrashes wildly and yells into her gag.
They manage to get her 

inside it, but Gwen refuses to kneel
inside it. As she keeps 

fighting her captors, our eyes meet. Gwen
makes excited 

noises under the gag. I signal for her
to be quiet. She manages 

to knock one of the women trying to get
her to kneel inside the 

crate. The man pours something on a
piece of cloth, from a 

small bottle. He approaches Gwen and is
about to cover her 

nose and mouth with the cloth when,
suddenly, Monique 

manages to get free from my hold and
runs in their direction. 

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMMM!!!!&quot; she screams at
the top of her lungs. The man 

stops what he's doing and all eyes are
suddenly on this 

barefoot young woman, dressed in a
French maid's uniform 

with a stocking going between her lips.
I run behind Monique 

and manage to grab her before she
reaches them. I hold her as 

she yells at me, producing more muffled
noises. Gwen makes 

noises as well, but they are in a
cheerful tone. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Let go of Gwen&quot; I tell the
women. They look puzzled. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Untie her! or... or I'll hurt
her!&quot; I point at Monique. 

&nbsp;

The Japanese guy draws a gun from his
jacket. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't think so young man. Let
go of that poor girl. Hand her 

over to my slaves&quot; 

&nbsp;

He speaks to them in Japanese and the
women approach us. I 

push Monique on to them and they softly
land on the floor. I 

lung at the man's gun and it flies from
his hand into Gwen's 

crate. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Gwen! Get the gun!&quot; I tell
her as I fight with the guy. 

&nbsp;

Gwen makes muffled noises and kneels
inside the crate to get 

the gun. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter: 5 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do we have to listen to this, Mr.
Willie?&quot; Ursula asked, as she 

took a deep breath from the cigarette
dangling between her 

fingers. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I know it doesn't beat the noises
produced by our blonde 

damsel, dear Ursula. But Mr. Goodman's
music keeps my 

spirits up&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Pull over to the back&quot;
Ursula pointed as they reached famed 

ballerina Olga Pudovkin's mansion. It
was located at a hill with 

a nice view of the city. 

&nbsp;

The duo got out of the car with ropes
and such in hand. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Lovely scenery, don't you
think?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Indeed, Mr. Willie. But we're not
here for appreciating the view 

of the city. I'm beginning to think
you're taking a pass at me, 

with the music and your constant
references to everything 

beautiful&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ursula, Ursula.. It's true, I
love strong women with a feminine 

figure. But, please don't forget, I
love my job just the same as it 

enables me to bind those lovely
feminine figures&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Shall I take this as a threat, Mr
Willie&quot; Ursula asked playfully. 

Clark held up the coils of rope in his
hand with a grin. 

&nbsp;

The abductors casually walked to the
front entrance of the 

mansion and Ursula knocked on the door.


&nbsp;

&quot;Ready?&quot; Ursula asked in a
teasing voice. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Always&quot; Willie smiled.
Ursula kissed Willie on the cheek 

leaving a lipstick stain. 

&nbsp;

Footsteps from the otherside were heard
and a young woman, 

wearing a uniform consisting of a
tight, black kneelenght skirt, 

matching shirt, stockings and anklestrap
high heels, opened 

the door. 

&nbsp;

&quot;May I... HMMPFF..?&quot; before
the poor dame could finish her 

sentence, the dastardly duo jumped on
her. Ursula's hand 

covered her mouth as Clark began tying
the squirming woman 

up. He tied her hands behind her back.
The woman's feet were 

tied together. The final touch was a
rectangular piece of tape 

that sealed her lips. Ursula wrapped
her legs around the 

whimpering woman and clamped her hand
over her already 

gagged mouth. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Would you please keep her
company, dear Ursula. I'll take 

care of our ballerina&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;With pleasure&quot; Ursula
grinned as her free hand carressed the 

silky stockings of the hapless damsel. 

&nbsp;

Clark went upstairs. As he reached the
third floor, he heard a 

beautiful voice singing. He went for
the source of the voice and 

opened the door to a bedroom. On the
side of the bed with her 

back turned to Willie, sat a young
woman in her early twenties, 

with black hair and a striking figure.
Clark could see from the 

mirror on the wall that she had
captivating blue eyes. She was 

wearing furry, open toed high heeled
slippers and a nightgown 

that left nothing to imagination. Clark
came up behind her. She 

was reading a magazine and as soon as
she sensed someone 

behind her, she tossed the magazine
under the bed. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Aunt Olga, is that you?&quot; she
turned and immideately Clark 

cupped his hand over her pink lips. She
let out a yelp and tried 

kicking him with her slipper clad feet.


&nbsp;

&quot;Be quiet my dear. I don't want to
hurt you&quot; he said as he stuffed 

her mouth with a silk stocking lying on
the bed. he quickly tied 

her hands and feet and admired her
beauty and his own 

ropework. The young woman kicked and
moaned on the bed. 

The soft comfort of the bed created a
contrast with her tight 

bondage. Her struggling caused her
breast to pop out of the 

bra under nightgown. Her nipple was
erect probably because 

of the soft breeze. 

&nbsp;

&quot;A bit excited, aren't we&quot;
Willie chuckled. The woman blushed, 

her cheeks turning a shade of red. 

&nbsp;

Willie reached for the magazine the
young woman had been 

reading and as he flipped through the
pages, a smile formed 

across his face. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

( the magazine contained adventure
filled pictures like these; 

http://vintagefree.com/gal/13/vintage0009.html


http://vintagefree.com/gal/fetish1/fetish0005.html


) 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well... well... I see you are
interested in photography, my dear. 

Nice... very nice, indeed&quot; 

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Ursula had removed the
maid's clothes, save for 

her stockings and shoes. She was tied
in a tight pretzel hogtie 

with her elbows almost touching. Her
hands were holding the 

six inch heels of her shoes and the
heels dug into her soft 

asscheeks. A vibrating
&quot;thing&quot; that resembled a penis was 

burried inside her. She was moaning
into the tape wound 

around her lower face. But it seemed as
if her moans weren't 

that of distress but arousal. Ursula
was lying next to her, 

inserting the buzzing &quot;thing&quot;
deeper into her as she watched 

the maid's spasmic movements. She
stroked the maid's hair 

and wiped the sweat formed on her
forehead. 

&nbsp;

Willie came back with the young girl
over his shoulder. He 

carried a couple of bedsheets with his
free hand. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ursula, meet Lily, Mrs.
Pudovkin's niece&quot; He lowered Lily's 

struggling body next to the maid's. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Where is Olga?&quot; Ursula asked
nervously. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, it seems Mrs. Pudovkin is
back at Russia to attend family 

matters. She left Lily here to take
care of the auction matter&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well if she's the one in charge
then it doesn't matter&quot; Ursula 

said with relief &quot;besides she'll
make more money than Olga 

herself&quot; 

&nbsp;

Lily moaned into her gag upon hearing
this last comment. 

Clark's attention was, however, on the
buzzing &quot;thing&quot; burried 

between the maid's legs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;May I ask what that delightful
device is, dear?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;That my dear is a new instrument
reccomended by surgeon 

general for women... Cures the
headache..&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh..&quot; Willie marvelled at
this stimulating device. 

&nbsp;

Ursula took a wide strip of tape and
slapped it over the buzzing 

vibrator to keep it in place. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's not spoil the poor thing's
fun. She had two orgasms 

already&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Why that thing is a work of
genius&quot; Willie checked his pocket 

watch. &quot;It's time to leave, don't
you think&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Right. We have plenty of time to
play with our new friends back 

at home&quot; Ursula grinned. 

&nbsp;

Ursula and Clark wrapped the squirming
ladies in bedsheets 

and carried them to the car. Assuming
she would need her 

privacy, the abductors stuffed the maid
in the trunk. Lily had to 

travel on the backseat, bedsheets
covering her body to avoid 

the gaze of bystanders. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well... So far so good&quot;
Willie started the engine. 

&nbsp;

Ursula gave him a passionate kiss on
the lips and immideately 

lit a cigarette. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't get any ideas, Mr.
Willie&quot; she said as she took a deep 

breath from her cigarettes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Dames...&quot; Willie thought to
himself as he turned on the radio. 

Then he turned it off in favor to
listen to Lily's muffled moans. 

Ursula gave him a look as if to confirm
that he had made the 

right decision.














vvv

 
  John Maker
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-05-01T23:23:00Z
  2006-05-01T23:23:00Z
  1
  1018
  5807
  Atlantis Co.
  48
  13
  6812
  10.2625
 

 
  
  1
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:Times;
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter:
6

&nbsp;

The
poor woman, Charlotte, kept sweating in the trunk as her body trembled with
another forced orgasm. The buzzing intruder secured inside her with strips of
tape slapped across her ass and crotch, sent sensations she couldn't resist, to
every single nerve on her body. She let out another moan muffled by the tight
adhesive tape sealing her lips. Charlotte felt dizzy because even the slightest
movement in her bondage, like rubbing her ankles together to loosen the ropes
captivating her feet, created a tingling feeling in her crotch and she was
already on her way to another climax as her juices ran down her leg, forming a
puddle. She kept breathing heavily, sucking air through her nostrils, not only
because of the sexual arousal but also from the overstuffed gag in her mouth.
Charlotte's mouth was wide open, the layers of shiny black tape kept her damp
panties and the bundle of cloth in place. She felt humiliated to be gagged and
stimulated in this manner. She had never felt helpless like this in her whole
life but again the sweet sensations were something she never experienced before
as well.

&nbsp;

Charlotte's
nipples were now erected as they brushed on the carpet of the trunk with each
bump of the car. Whimpering through her gag, she managed to roll on her back.
Charlotte began rubbing her asscheeks against the carpet in a feeble attempt to
get the strips of tape off her ass. But this only caused the vibrator to go
deeper inside her. She squealed in frustration and her high heels stamped the
floor. She began thrashing about, fighting the ropes that bit into her tender
skin, trying to ignore stimulation. But after she stopped her struggling, the
only thing the poor woman managed to do was to leave another trail of her
juices.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Do
you hear that?&quot; Ursula smirked as she flipped through the pages of the
magazine Willie found in Lily's room.

&nbsp;

&quot;Music
to my ears&quot; Willie said listening to the soft mewing noise coming under
the sheets covering Lily.

&nbsp;

Lilly
tried her best to remain silent as she tried to free her hands, but every now
and then a muffled noise escaped her. Her fingers tried to find the end of at
least one of the ropes binding her wrists. She shuffled under the cold sheets
covering her almost naked body. After getting a hold on the end of the rope,
she pulled at it to get it loose. But to her dismay, the ropes got tighter and
tighter. Defeated, Charlotte turned her attention to find another way free
herself. By rubbing her feet together, she managed to remover her furry
slippers. Stretching her legs, she tried to find the doorhandle with her feet.
The sheets made it harder for her to see what she was doing so she let her feet
roam freely over the side of the car. &quot;Finally&quot; she thought to
herself as she rested her feet on the handle. She tried to open the door but
the weight of her feet wasn't enough to pull it. As she tried her best to pull
at it, one of her well pedicured toenails broke.

&nbsp;

&quot;Great!
It took me an hour to get them done&quot; she mumbled into the gag and let out
a sigh. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Wow!
These look delicious... We should try some of these on our new friends, it
looks fun. Here, the the stuff on the first panel. Yummy...&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

(
the page Ursula is referring to is to be found here;

http://vintagefree.com/gal/13/vintage0014.html 

&nbsp;

)

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Willie
took his eyes off the road for a second to look at the photos Ursula was
referring to.

&nbsp;

&quot;Delicious,
to say the least... See I told you Monique would be here&quot; Willie pointed
at the car parked behind the mansion as he parked their own car next to it.

&nbsp;

&quot;There's
something fishy going on, Mr. Willie. Let's leave our damsels in the car as we
find out what's going on. Lily, don't try to do anything funny...

You'll
regret it, my dear, I promise you. Do you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMHMM..&quot;
Lily replied as she nodded in agreement under the sheets.

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll
be back in no time&quot; Wilie said in a friendly voice which made Lily angry.

&nbsp;

As
soon as the duo left the car, Lily frantically began &quot;mmph&quot;ing and
repeatedly kicked at the door. She raised her body and managed to get the
sheets off her. She looked around and with her back turned to the door, her
hands tried to get hold of the door handle. Finally she had a chance to get
free.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The
guy had some good moves up his sleeve but he was no match for my strong
athlethic build. Being a member of almost every sports club in the city sure
paid off well.

&nbsp;

&quot;Gwen...
Toss me the gun&quot; I told my sweetheart one more time&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
leave Kaori- san alone, young man&quot; a female voice said.

&nbsp;

I
turned around only to see the same people who kidnapped Gwen standing next to
her crate. The woman had Gwen over her shoulder. Monique's gag was removed and
the man was helping her to get her shoes back on.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know who you are... You can't get away with this&quot; I told them in my
&quot;hero of the day&quot; voice.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
why we are taking your sweet Gwen with us. If you go to the police, you'll
never see her again&quot; the woman slapped Gwen on the butt and she whimpered
in response.&quot;If you'll play by the rules, she'll be back in your arms as
soon as we get what we want&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't believe you&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
don't have much choice, I'm afraid&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sorry,
Ace. It was nice meeting you&quot; Monique winked at me.

&nbsp;

Kaori
jumped on my back without a warning and I tried to get him off me,

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
beat you to a pulp, mister. Go away...&quot; of course, the threat didn't do
anything to stop him from trying to punch me.

&nbsp;

As
I fought him, I saw Gwen being carried away by the dastardly duo. She yelled
into her gag and struggled wildly. Monique, with her hands still tied behind
her back, followed after them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nooo!!!
Gwen....&quot; I finally got Mr. Kaori off me with the help of his
&quot;slaves&quot;. Gwen was out of sight but I set my eyes on Monique, who
tried to keep her balance on those six inch heels as she tried to run upstairs.
Her hands being bound behind her didn't help her, to say the least. I ran up
behind her and caught Monique by the ankle.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
go of me, you...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
not going anywhere&quot; I grabbed both of her feet and she tried to kick me to
no avail. I held her by the shoulders.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
they might have Gwen but I have you. Now we'll see who has the last laugh&quot;
I smiled

&nbsp;

Monique
kept struggling and yelling at the top of her lungs. &quot;You'll pay for...
NNNMMFFF!!!&quot; That's when I gagged her again with her stocking. I got
Monique over my shoulder as her feet kicked in the air. I softly slapped her on
the butt.

&nbsp;

&quot;Be still. We have to catch them before they get away&quot; I
told Monique as we climbed the stairs. Finally I was going to save Gwen
afterall. But the stairs didn't seem to end as I tried to keep my balance with
this Betty Boop character thrashing over my shoulder.














rrr

 
  John Maker
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  6
  2007-08-11T01:08:00Z
  2007-08-11T01:08:00Z
  5
  1612
  9193
  Atlantis Co.
  76
  21
  10784
  12.00
 




 
  
  1
  false
  
  0
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times","serif";
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Chapter:7

&nbsp;

The moment we finally made it to the
top of the stairs and when the fresh air of the night filled my burning lungs,
I saw that we were late... Gwen was screaming at the top of her lungs, calling
out to me through the window of the car. Her face was turning red not because
of the yelling, I assume, but because of the tight gag covering her lower face.
Then that cruel woman pulled her back inside and as my sweetheart was looking
back at me with her eyes wide open, a pillowcase was slipped over her head and
she was taken out of my sight but it was clear that she kept fighting the woman
who was taking her away. I called after them and began running but within
seconds, they were out of sight. 

&nbsp;

�I was losing hope. My Gwendoline was going to
be just another beautiful girl in a harem

in a far away land. I was sure that
this was the last I saw of her. 

But then something weird happened.
The two Oriental ladies accompanying the guy they called Kaori came and told me
not to worry and said they could be of assistance. It turned out they were held
against their will by that guy and they &quot;belonged&quot; ( in their own
words ) to someone called Ms. Wong. From what they told me, I understand this
lady also runs some shady business. And there was this &quot;protection&quot;
thing between her and that Kaori-san. Ms. Wong refused to pay so Kaori
kidnapped and held these young women for ransom until Ms. Wong paid the guy
some money.

&nbsp;

We got into Monique's car, with her
and me in the backseat. The Asian ladies with their rattling chains got in the
front. Monique gave me a look over her gag and let out a sigh.

We drove into the night, passed the
docks and came to a stop at the smoky night club district. 

&nbsp;

----------------

&nbsp;

We get out of the car and stop
infront of an entrance in an alley. No other business surrounds this place we
are about to enter. A red lantern is used as a sign. It reads; The Collared
Lotus. 

&nbsp;

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

Right now I'm in a club owned by Ms.
Wong waiting to meet her. It seems we can help each other; she can help me find
my love and I can help her to sort things out with Kaori and that Stanton
woman. The crowd is waiting for the show, their eyes fixed on the velvet
curtain. I see some family friends among a lot of people I keep seeing in the
newspapers. Even that chubby fellow working at the moving picture business is
here ( you know the one that made the sensational Citizen Krane ). I'm sitting
at a table with Monique ( now released from her bondage ), holding her hand
tightly so that she doesn't run away. I'm sure it'd be impossible to find her
in this place.

&nbsp;

&quot;Gee, loverboy I know you love
me but can't you just loosen up a bit&quot; she asks pointing at her hand with
her eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Why don't you finish your
drink, instead of being a nuisance&quot; I tell her as the curtains are pulled.
A hypnotic type of music begins to play and I take a sip from my martini
looking at this beautiful yet wicked woman beside me.

&nbsp;

&quot;I've been called a harpy, a man-eater,
a motormouth- in the sense of talking too much- but never been called a
nuisance. You know ace....???!!!&quot; Monique's eyes open wide in shock before
she finishes that sentence.

&nbsp;

As I look at the stage I see the
reason causing my companion to gasp. In the center of the stage is a beautiful
woman with brown hair. She is dressed in a tight corset ( that gives her a wasp
like waist ), black silk stockings and very high heeled shoes. She wears no
other clothing and is standing on one leg. The arch of her foot is easy to
notice because of the tension on her leg, she's almost standing on her toes.
Her other leg is raised ( with the help of the rope holding her slender ankle
in bondage ) so that the pointy toe of her shiny shoe almost touches her
shoulderblade. The woman's hands are tightly bound above her head to the
ceiling. The rope holding her ankle is also secured to the same spot. But this
is a complex apparatus. There is also a bucket standing above her. It seems the
ropes that hold her are also connected to this shiny piece of metal. A silk
scarf is used as a blindfold. A second one is tied over her mouth. She moans
sensually in her bondage. The crowd is holding their breath. Then comes the
other woman with jet black hair and almond eyes. She's wearing a tight qipao
with high heels. With each step, the side slit dress gives a glimpse of her
shapely legs. She makes a gesture to us, the crowd, with her face full of make
up. Then out of nowhere a whip appears in her hand and a lash lands on the
bound woman's bare back. She lets out a muffled grunt. As she stuggles a good
amount of cold water spills from the bucket. So she lets out another shriek
effectively muffled by her gag and tries to keep still. The Asian lady then
begins to add more rope over the &quot;still&quot; performer. She ties a piece
of rope around her waist and another piece is tied in such a way that the rough
rope goes between the brunette's legs and the other end is tied to her elbows. 

&nbsp;

The audience is soaking it all in.
The men and the women... This bound and gagged woman whose identity we can't
see because of the blindfold has become our object of desire. The men probably
see her as a toy of pleasure, someone to be conquered and kept in constant
arousal. Whereas women identify with her through their own longing to be
controlled in such an erotic way. They want to be her. Who is she? Can it be
you? 

&nbsp;

The girl tries to move her elbows
which cause the rope burried in her crotch to sensually rub against her clit.
She lets out a moan of arousal. The Asian mistress plays with her, holding a
nipple between two fingers and then without a warning raises her whip, it seems
as if she is performing some kind of a dance with it, and with great
calculation lands the whip on that same nipple. The object of our desire
produces a high pitched yet muffled whimper which I am sure aroused every
single person in the dimly lit club. There is something erotic in the way she
produces those sounds &quot;MMPPHH&quot; &quot;MMPFRRR!!&quot;
&quot;UUMMPHH!!&quot; Arousal,helplessness and frustration combined together
and then let out with a single note.

&nbsp;

The arch of her foot, the stockings
encasing her legs, her hands trying to untie the knots, the way her pointy shoe
makes contact with her tender skin are pieces of fetish open to connotation.
The way she strains against the ropes holding her wrists and ankles projects an
image beyond description, the uncomfortable corset only adds to our pleasure.
The mistress strikes again causing more cold water to spill on our belle
captive. She is shaking like a willow tree. That's when the mistress begins
carressing the woman, holding the captive in her arms and begins kissing her
neck, shoulders, fondling her breasts at the same time. The helpless, aroused
woman begins to purr, a sign of her feeling relaxed. That is when the mistress
betrays her; gone is the carressing and another lash lands on her firm
asscheeks. She begins squealing again as she is forced to bathe in more cold
water. The object of our desire has once again been deceived by the mistress
and our gaze. She wanted to be the center of attention and care. But her wish
has been granted with a certain degree of perversion. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter:8

&nbsp;

After the show of the Asian
mistress, we watch three women in harem outfits and spaghetti strap flat shoes,
bellydance to oriental music. The brunette, blonde and redhead beauties wearing
see through clothes have their hands and feet cuffed and these cuffs are
connected to each other with another set of chains. The bondage of these harem
girls further eroticize their feline forms rather than distracting the
audience.

&nbsp;

That's when one of the young girls I
saved from Kaori-san come and asks me to follow her. Finally I'm going to meet
the mysterious Ms. Wong. With Monique in tow, we go through dark passages and
down a set of stairs to a place that resembles an opium den ( with class if
such thing is possible ). Then we are led into a room lighted by a couple of
lanterns and candles. Smell of incense fills the room. A woman is getting
dressed behind a curtain.

&nbsp;

&quot;What is this place, a brothel
or a romantic chill out zone?&quot; the always critical Monique asks.

&nbsp;

The woman behind the curtain says
something in another language to the girl who brought us. The girl looks at me
then at Monique.

&nbsp;

&quot;Excuse me&quot; she says
meekly and without a warning stuffs Monique's mouth with her silk scarf and a
single strip of tape is slapped across her lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMPFFF??&quot; Monique
protests.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mistress doesn't like that
kind of talk in her lair&quot; the girl adds while cuffing Monique's hands
behind her.

&nbsp;

Monique begins to struggle
furiously. In return the young girl pushes her onto the cushions lying on the
floor. That's when I notice the naked woman lying on the comfortable huge
pillows. The marks on her body, those legs, those arched feet... It's the same
woman who was whipped by the Asian lady earlier. She now seems calm and relaxed
as she smokes a pipe.

&nbsp;

&quot;Welcome Mr..?&quot; a
seductive female voice speaks behind me.

&nbsp;

I turn around to finally meet Ms.
Wong. She is none other than the lady with the whip. She's now dressed in a red
robe with matching satin slippers. 

&nbsp;

�&quot;Coutts&quot; I answer as soon as I come
back to my senses.

&nbsp;

&quot;You enjoyed the show, I
hope&quot; she smiles at me with her hand on my shoulder.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's was very...&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Captivating&quot; she adds as
I try to find the right words.

&nbsp;

She smiles and makes herself
comfortable between our object of desire and Monique. She gives the woman a
kiss on the lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hanka, here is such a
painslut&quot; she smiles at her and adds &quot;I won her in a card game when I
was visiting Berlin. But she is happy here. Her fomer master... No good&quot; 

&nbsp;

Hanka nods her head and adds
&quot;Pig&quot;.

&nbsp;

&quot;And what is you name naughty
girl&quot; Ms. Wong asks Monique. A muffled protest is the reply. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We must give you the strict
discipline you need&quot; Monique looks at me with her eyes wide open and let's
out a mmph.

&nbsp;

Upon seeing her frustration, Ms.
Wong adds &quot;Maybe some other time,pet &quot;She takes the pipe from Hanka's
hands and inhales a good amount of smoke.

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen Mr. Coutts, I can help
you. Those people... Bad people, Stanton and Willie have connections in every
continent. Bad... Your girlfriend can be anywhere. Maybe they left the country,
after you foiled their plans, who knows? They are a dastardly pair. But don't
worry, I have connections too, I can help you find them. But in return I want
the antiques collected by that cruel woman, Stanton. And Kaori off my
back&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'd like to help you, Ms.
Wong&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm glad&quot; she smiles as
one of her hands rest on Hanka's chest as the other rests on Monique's thighs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You make yourself comfortable in
your room, I'll look into it&quot; she winks at me. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  THE Traveller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





