BDSM Library - Doggygirl




Doggygirl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a grim tale, and one some may find it disturbing. I certainly did; and I wrote it! But the inexorable logic of events as I saw them led me to narrate it in the way it turned out, and I can only aplogise if I\'ve gone OTT.  Once upon a time there was a man who married unfortunatly. His flighty young wife transgressed in the usual manner, and he took a terrible vengeance, unknown until a remote relation of his discovered an old ledger







                                    'Doggygirl

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-04-26T00:17:00Z
  2006-04-26T00:17:00Z
  1
  8218
  46847
   
  390
  109
  54956
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

�����������������������������������
'Doggygirl.'�� 

������������������������������������������������������
'The Farm'

&nbsp;

� The elderly
Solicitor peered quizzically at Carlo over the rims of his half-moon spectacles
as the young man read the simple document he'd just been given. Outside in the
sunshine the inhabitants of the small market town went about their business and
a trapped fly buzzed faintly against a window-pane.

&nbsp;

��� &quot;I am
quite certain that you will find that all is in order,&quot; he said dryly as
the young man placed the document on the desk between them. &quot;The estate
has been valued, and all the necessary taxes paid. The whole affair was most
simple, and has been completed with extraordinary dispatch. You are now the
registered owner, and there is no reason why you should not move in
immediately. Though you will find the living conditions a little, ah,
primitive, I fear!&quot; he added, permitting himself a wintry smile.

&nbsp;

� Carlo rose,
thanked him, and left. Sitting in his car, he read the copy of his late
great-great-uncle's Will yet again. It was indeed a simple document, reflecting
the old man's legendary terseness. Boiled down, it said quite clearly that the
Testator willed all his worldly goods of whatever kind to Carlo Edward Morris,
his sole surviving relative. There followed the address at which Carlo had been
found by the the old man's Executors. And that was that! The Solicitor had even
thoughtfully included a map of where the property was to be found. Carlo
studied it carefully and drove away.

&nbsp;

� The journey of
twenty miles took a full hour of tortuous progress through a maze of narrow
lanes, the country becoming bleaker and more sparsely populated the further he
went. Towards the end Carlo was seriously beginning to think he'd taken a wrong
turn as for several miles he drove along the badly surfaced road without seeing
a single person or a dwelling of any kind. But finally he came upon a hamlet
halfway up a narrow valley and there the road ended in a tiny square, lanes
branching from it on all sides. He knew his dead relative's property was four
miles further on, but which lane to take he had no idea.

&nbsp;

� The hamlet, small
as it was, boasted a pub which doubled as the village shop, and several old
cars and battered tractors were parked behind it. Carlo drove his own car
amongst them, parked, and went into the pub's sole and tiny bar. He found a
round dozen grizzled and weaterbeaten men inside; their muttered conversations
stopped as he came through the door and twelve pairs of inquisitive eyes
tracked his progress to the bar.

&nbsp;

� The Landlord
proved to be as laconic as his customers, but when he'd pulled Carlo a brimming
pint of the best bitter he'd tasted in his life, he responded readily to the
latter's questions.

&nbsp;

���� &quot;Old
'Arry Morris's farm?&quot; he said thoughtfully. &quot;Oh aye! Ah can tell thee
'ow to get theer. An' Ah can do better nor that!&quot; he went on. Raising his
voice he called out &quot;Bill! Hast bin up an' fed them dogs o' 'Arry Morris's
today?&quot;

&nbsp;

� A large
middle-aged man stood up, threw� the last
of his pint down his throat with a practiced movement, and came up to the bar.
&quot;Nay, Ted!&quot; he said. &quot;Ah wor goin' up when Ah come out of
'ere!&quot;

&nbsp;

��� &quot;Will
tha tek this young chap up theer an' show 'im the way?&quot;

&nbsp;

���
&quot;Aye!&quot; the man replied Then, turning to Carlo, he enquired, in
the blunt fashion of his county, what his business was up at the farm. 

&nbsp;

� Carlo was
frank and forthcoming, and when he'd explained the reasons for his presence,
and they all knew why he was here and what for, the atmosphere improved
markedly, aided by Carlo's offer of drinks all round.

&nbsp;

��� &quot;The
old bugger died just outside 'ere,&quot; Carlo was told by Bill. &quot;He just
fell off that old tractor of 'is, dead as a doornail! A'undred an' nine 'e wor,
'an as tough an' 'ard as an old brick!&quot;

&nbsp;

���
&quot;Aye!&quot; confirmed another man. ''It wor me wot found 'im. An'
me an' Bert took 'is ratty ol' tractor back to 'is place after.&quot; 

&nbsp;

� Eager voices
provided Carlo with the full details of his uncle's decease, It was all very
simple. A doctor had been sent for, had found nothing at all suspicous about
the sudden death of a centenarian known to drink a bottle of Scotch daily. His
Solicitor had been informed, his Will opened and read, and that was that.
Meanwhile, until other arrangements could be made, Bill had offered to visit
the place daily and feed the old man's two dogs.

&nbsp;

� That was all
there was to be said; Carlo ordered and paid for a further round of drinks, and
it was with a buzzing head that he followed Bill from the bar when the latter
said he was going up to the farm. Minutes later he was following Bill's noisy
old pick-up along the lane out of the village. 

&nbsp;

� Four miles on
through an endless succession of gloomy pine woods, the lane ended in a square
of cracked concrete on which stood a large�
wooden shed. Bill stopped, got out of his pick-up, and unlocked the shed
door. He vanished into the dark interior, a single-cylinder engine ground into
life, and he emerged at the wheel of a tall and antique tractor.

&nbsp;

���� &quot;Put
tha car in t'shed,&quot; Carlo was told. &quot;Tha'll not get it up track.
'Ere!&quot; A set of keys was tossed to him. &quot;Lock up t'shed, an' unlock
t'big gate ower theer!&quot;

&nbsp;

� He did as he
was bid, noting that the wide gate which barred the narrow track leading to the
farm was reasonably new and in remarkably good repair. The pine trees on either
side were grown so close together that a cat might barely squeeze between their
trunks, and� it ocurred to Carlo that his
relative had valued his privacy. He said as much to Bill as he stood by his
side on the steps up to the driver's cabin. Bill, spinning the huge steering
wheel with expert hands, grinned across at him. &quot;Oh, aye!&quot; he bellowed
over the noise of the engine. &quot;Tha could well say that, lad! Wait til tha
sees t'farm!&quot;

&nbsp;

� A mile further
on the track ended at huge wooden double doors set in a forbidding wall fully
twelve feet high. At Bill's direction Carlo leapt down and unlocked the doors.
They swung open easily on well-oiled hinges, and Bill drove in and stopped his
engine.

&nbsp;

� Carlo barely
had time to register the big open yard surrounded by outbuildings, or the long,
low house it fronted, before two black Labradors ran barking in excitement
towards the two men. They were friendly and amiable creatures, and they and
Carlo soon became friends. Bill led the way into an open fronted shed in which
stood a steel manger, one of its partitions full of water. The countryman took
a large tin of dogfood from a well-stocked cupboard, placed it upon the bench
that ran along one wall and picked up a rusty tin-opener. &quot;Here,
lad!&quot; he addressed Carlo. &quot;Tha'd best feed 'em from now on - so's
they get ter know thee!&quot;

&nbsp;

� Carlo
complied, the dogs fawning at his feet, and when he tipped the tin's contents
into the dry partition of the manger they nuzzled his hands before eating.
&quot;No need to gi'e 'em water,&quot; Bill told him. &quot;T'trough's fed from
t'stream up above. But don't tha drink that - there's plenty o' good water in
t'well.&quot; And Carlo was shown where it was, and the location of the
astonishingly modern and powerful electric generator.

&nbsp;

���
&quot;Well,&quot; said Bill at last. &quot;Tha's got all th' keys to
t'place, an' tha knows what tha's doing, so Ah'll be off! Nay, lad, 'tis nobbut
a mile down t'track, and Ah'll not put yer to trouble o' takin' me down on
tractor.&quot;

&nbsp;

� He insisted on
walking back to his pick-up, in spite of Carlo's objections. Finally, as they
went to part company, Carlo's hand went instinctively to his wallet. Bill saw
the motion, and interpreted it correctly. He burst into good-natured laughter.
&quot;Nay, lad!&quot; he said again. &quot;Ah'll not tek tha brass for act o'
common neighbourliness. Tha's a good straight-forward lad, and us'll all get on
'appen tha stays 'ere. Us 'ave few words an' no aid fer strangers as a rule,
but the ol' man, miserable ol' bugger as 'e wor, wor one o' us - an' that meks
thee one o' us too! Ne'er mind gi'ein' me tha' brass; gi'e us yer 'and like a
man!&quot;

&nbsp;

� They shook
hands solemnly and exchanged goodbyes. When he'd shut the big doors behind the
departing countryman, Carlo walked across the yard to the house. A large porch
had been built out from the kitchen. After finding the key to its door, Carlo
entered and unlocked the stout oak door to the kitchen. Inside he found it
amazingly neat and clean for the kitchen of so solitary and elderly a man. It
was sparsely furnished, but there was a large old-fashioned Aga, and he lost no
time in fuelling it from the large basket of split logs by its side and
lighting it. He put a kettle of water on to boil for tea, and went on a short
voyage of exploration. There was no refrigerator, of course; but there was a
large, cool larder and an astonishly large selection of tinned food, and even
six bottles of good quality Scotch in a cardboard box on a shelf. Feeling
considerably more cheerful, he found tea -- leaf, not bagged -- sugar and
tinned milk and hurried out to the boiling kettle.

&nbsp;

���������������������������������������������������������
'The Secret.'

� Carlo spent an
astonishingly comfortable night in his late uncle's bed, still neatly made by
the old man on his last morning on Earth. He rose early, with a good appetite.
Having satisfied his hunger, and re-fuelled the Aga, he took a mug of tea into
his uncle's Study where he went straight to the big desk to admire it. It
wasn't genuine, of course, but one of the imitations so popular with the
romantic Victorians, for it contained a secret drawer which could be open by
the pressure of a hidden spring. He scanned through the few and mundane
documents the desk contained, all of which had been inspected by his uncle's
Executors, then, in the vague hope that they either hadn't known about the
secret drawer or hadn't bothered to open it, he reached into a pigeon hole and
pressed a tiny button. The hidden drawer slid open by his left knee, and it
contained, much to his surprise, a large and battered ledger upon which rested
an equally old and battered leather dog collar. He took out both and opened the
ledger on the desk before him.

&nbsp;

� Instead of the
columns of neat figures he'd expected to see, he found himself reading a sort
of diary of events of almost eighty years ago, and it made sinister and
disturbing reading, too. It was written in his uncle's old-fashioned
copper-plate, and it began thus:

� 'June 14th
1930. Morning.� The bitch has told me
all. She taunted me with her infidelity. Now she is upstairs, packing her
tainted rags, preparing to leave today. But she shall not leave today; she
shall never leave.'

&nbsp;

� Carlo felt a
cold thrill of horror. He knew 'the bitch' his uncle had referred to. It was an
old scandal in his family; the old man had married a woman of little less than
half his age. Only a few months had elapsed before he discovered her true
character and threw her out, never to be heard of again. Now Carlo, whose own
father had been yet unborn at the time, began to feel a terrible presentiment.
He read on. 

&nbsp;

� 'Evening. All
has gone satisfactorily. I am no Surgeon, but I am still a tolerable Butcher.
Such simple operations as I carried out on her will heal in a week or so. I
have disposed of her personal belongings - her shoes and her clothing. She will
never need either again.'

&nbsp;

� The next entry
was exactly a week later.

&nbsp;

� 'June 21st.
Morning. 'The bitch is healed, and ready to take her place with her own kind. I
removed the dressings from her new paws -- for such they now are. She will
never caress a lover with her long fingers again -- an hour ago and found them
healthy and free from pain. As for the slight incisions I made to shorten the
tendons in her groin and behind her knees, they healed some days ago. My
cropping of her nose is healed too. Now I must choose her future, since she is
no longer of capable of choice. She will find she is animal-helpless when I
allow her to awake, incapable of escape from a simple pen. Perhaps I may start
keeping pigs again; she could share their sty. But no; she was always a bitch,
and I shall take her to her new home in order that she recovers consciousness
in the company of her sisters.' 

&nbsp;

� 'June 22nd.
Morning. Last night I drank too much, enjoying imagining her horror at her
present (and now permanent) condition. Naked, dumb, unable to straighten her
legs (or 'hind legs', I should write; for now her slim, smooth arms are become
her fore-legs) the delicate hands she'd been so proud of now mere shapeless
clubs of flesh. That soft voice with which she had beguiled me is silent for
ever; now she is only able to grunt, whine and whimper in the manner of a
beast. She shall learn the feel of the collar around her slender throat, and
become used to the constant, dragging weight of the six foot chain which keeps
her tethered to her kennel. That tender skin she has spent so much time
pampering will be permanently dirty, and will become coarsened by exposure to
the weather. In the heat of summer she will lie panting on the dirt before her
kennel surrounded by her own ordure, a paw over her face to ward off the flies;
in the winter she will shiver with cold on her dirty straw, curled into a ball
to preserve her body heat and only emerging into the frosty air to relieve
herself and to eat and drink. Her body will become used to it over the years. I
shall go to her presently; the other bitches I shall allow their limited
freedom as always, but she shall be chained to her kennel as long as she
lives.'

&nbsp;

� 'June 22nd.
Later. The look on the bitch's face when she first saw me was one of
understandable confusion mixed with a relief which she soon learned was in
vain. Only the good God himself knows what had passed through her mind when
she'd discovered what had been done to her. I poured food from the bucket into
the trough she would share with her sister-bitches, all the while ignoring her
various expressions of anger, fear, horror and insenate, helpless rage. I have
no pity for her; she had always been an animal on two legs, now she shall live
her animal's life on four, chained to her kennel throughout -- as shall the pup
she is bearing. I shall commence her training tomorrow. Hunger and the whip
shall tame her!'

&nbsp;

� 'July 26th.
Afternoon. She has begun the long journey to full acceptance of her animalhood
-- rage alternating with apathy, culminating in blessed forgetfulness of her
former humanity. Today I took down to her kennel a large mirror in which to
show her herself. She took one glance, and relapsed into sobbing helplessly at
the sight. Indeed, she is no great beauty as a human being now (to put it
mildly!) though as a dog she is a graceful and elegant animal; or would be if
the filth was washed from her body and her hair cleaned and combed. She has
learnt to eat from the trough, snuffling in it for what the other bitches have
left, for they do not allow her to eat until they have finished. They evidently
regard her as very much their inferior!'

&nbsp;

� 'August 30th.
Morning. The bitch is now almost three months into pup -- with her paramour's
child, as she boasted to me --� and her
pregnancy seems to be proceeding without complication: which is as well, for I
am no Mid-wife. She is thoroughly tame now, and comes to me on my command, even
for the regular whippings I give her, and I have taught her to join the other
bitches in begging for scraps which I bring them from my meals. She does so
clumsily but willingly, competing with her sisters for my attention. She no
longer tugs at her chain in frustration, having learnt to accept its
permanence. I inspected her neck for signs of chafing caused by her collar;
there were none, the oils from her unwashed skin have kept the leather smooth
and supple and it rotates around her neck freely when her chain pulls on it in
different directions as she moves around on the small patch of bare soil that
is her whole world. Her whole world now, and for the rest of her life.'

&nbsp;

� 'December
10th. Morning. A horrible night; dark, windy, cold and wet. I woke in the early
hours to answer a call of nature -- as we drinking men are wont to do, alas! --
and while I stood pissing I dwelt long and pleasureably on my mental image of
my wife at that moment; out there in the shrieking darkness, naked and
shivering on the damp, stinking straw of her kennel. The bitches she shared her
kennel with would have deserted her for the barn a few yards away where they
would be asleep in the warm, dry straw. A few yards to warmth and shelter! I
pictured her looking at it over that short distance, I imagined her straining
at her tether in the cold rain, striving with hopeless longing to cross those
few yards. She and her chain would have many a tussle, but it would always win.
In the end she would accept it as as much part of herself as one of her limbs.'

� 

� 'February 27th
1931. Afternoon. My wife is greatly swollen with her pup, and shall drop it
quite soon. An interesting development: my other two bitches have become much
more friendly towards her as her pregnancy has advanced. They have both pupped
before, and� -- who knows? -- they may
have sisterly feelings towards another animal in that condition!'

&nbsp;

� 'March 15th.
The bitch dropped her pup, another bitch like herself, last night while I was
in bed. There was little I could have done had I indeed been present, as for
the last day or so she has not left her kennel where she'd lain with one or
both of her sister-bitches alongside her, comforting her by licking her face
and rubbing their flanks against hers. That was how I left her yesterday
evening; when I returned this morning her pup was already suckling at her breast
where she lay in the straw. The little pink body was fairly clean; the blood
and slime of childbirth had been licked off it by her tongue and the tongues of
the other bitches. The umbilical cord had obviously been chewed through by one
of her companions, and a short severed section dangled from the pup's round
little belly. The afterbirth had evidently been eaten by one or all of the
bitches, for which I was profoundly grateful, having all the male squeamishness
in these things. I made sure to put more food in their trough, which I would
continue to do for the next few weeks while the bitch was lactating. Once her
pup was weaned, I intend to remove it and keep it in the run next to its
mother's.'

&nbsp;

� 'April 20th. A
fine, warm and sunny day. The bitch brought her pup out their kennel for the
first time, carrying it in her mouth, her front teeth gripping it firmly and,
apparently, painlessly by a loose fold of skin at the back of its neck. It lay
on its back, its plump little legs waving in the air while its mother ate
hugely from the trough in the company of the younger of the other bitches who
was lactating too, a condition caused by some obscure chemical signal shared
between female animals -- or so my researches inform me. I watched them for
some time, noting that the pup suckled both from the swollen udders of its
mother and those of the other lactating bitch as seemed most convenient to it.
I wondered what my wife thought when she saw her daughter being suckled by a
dog in the dirt, but when she met my eyes hers were dull with animal
indifference.'

&nbsp;

� Carlo read on
in fascination, his horror tempered by guilty excitement. He'd always wanted a
'doggygirl' and he and his present girl friend often played this scenario
before sex. His uncle described the salient events: how the little girl had
become more active and learned to crawl about on all-fours ('Just as well,' his
uncle had remarked, 'for I shall operate soon to prevent the pup from ever
walking on two legs!')� and how she had
been fitted with her first collar before her mother's eyes ('To show her that
her child would be raised and treated as an animal!' was his uncle's vindictive
comment) and how, once she'd been weaned, the pup had been taken from her
frantic parent and chained to the kennel in the next run, in the plain view of
her mother. His uncle described how the child's mother continued to produce
milk after her daughter was taken from her, and how the other bitches, as he
called them, suckled fom her to relieve the pressure in her breasts -- or �'udders', as he delicately put it -- until she
stopped lactating. He wrote of his operations on the little girl, of his
shortening the tendons in her legs, of his work on her tiny hands ('So much
easier than her mother's!') of his cutting her vocal chords and amputating her
nose.

&nbsp;

� His uncle's
entries became further and further apart in time, mostly they seemed to be
gloating accounts of his first victim's few fully lucid periods. Apparently
they now lasted only hours, and his uncle described vindictively her despair
and misery. 'When she fully realises what she is,' he wrote,' a bitch chained
to a kennel. When she sees the daughter she betrayed me for staring back at her
through the bars separating their runs, growing up as a chained dog, her
despair and hopelessness exalt me!'

&nbsp;

� Carlo, lost to
the world, read on, every now and then guiltily and shamefully aware of his own
sexual arousal by the narrative. The old man described with relish another
humiliation he inflicted on his faithless wife. 'As in all female beasts of her
age she is sexually active (or more than active, as I have bitter cause to
know!) and there is no male of her outward species to satisfy her lusts. Well,
I shall oblige her -- if a male of her true inner species can be persuaded to
mate with her.' 

&nbsp;

� Later on; 'I
have put in with her two young males. The other bitches are now both too old to
bear puppies and haven't come on to heat, the new bitch I bought at Totnes Fair
she has not yet met. The dogs are young and inexperienced; at that age when
they attempt sexual intercouse with one's leg. We shall see!'

&nbsp;

� 'She is
definitely interested! She teases them, and has gone as far as to turn her back
on them presenting her glistening genitals, wriggling her rump in blatent
invitation. Coquettishly, she allows them to sniff her vagina, and to
investigate it with their noses, but when they attempt to mount her she
promptly sits on her haunches. The dogs withdraw, snarling with frustration.
Then she begins again -- but each time she comes closer to the point of no return
when her fundamental animal nature will betray her.'

&nbsp;

� 'She is on
heat as I thought no woman could be. The odour of sex permeates the atmosphere.
It cannot be long now!'

&nbsp;

� 'It has
happened at last -- and I was fortunate enough to observe it. I was walking
around the corner of the barn, a bucket of feed in my hand, when I saw her turn
her back. Her swollen vagina positively gleamed with lubricating fluid and the
excess oozed down the inside of her thighs. When the paws of the larger dog
landed on her shoulder blades she staggered before going down on to her elbows,
lowering her upper body and raising her buttocks. The dog, panting with
excitement, with its furry member stiff and hard, blindly searching for the
orifice it was designed for. I saw her move her hips slightly to guide it, and
it yelped with excitement as it plunged into her. Its thighs pumped vigorously
-- as did hers -- and, a few seconds later, when it had spent itself and
withdrawn, the smaller dog took its place. Again she moved her haunches to
guide the tip of its member between the lips of her vagina, again the swift,
animal mating was accomplished. I took a step forward, deliberately making more
noise than necessary. The dogs, sitting with their heads down licking their
genitals, raised their heads to look at me. As did she; and I was delighted to
see the human awareness in her eyes. She had voluntarily mated with the dogs;
she knew it, and she knew that I had seen it, and that I knew it too. To my
delight she flushed a deep crimson in embarrassment and shame before giving a
strangled little sob of despair and fleeing into her kennel out of my sight.
Knowing that she was in one of her increasingly short lucid periods,when she
could understand my speech and reason like a human being, I could not resist
taunting her. 'Don't be embarrassed, my dear!' I called out. 'You're only doing
what you're best at. You always were an animal; why shouldn't you be mated on a
chain with other animals? Your cub will soon be be at puberty; would you like
me to have you both mated together by the same dog, chained side by side? Soon
you shall see her tugging at her chain, desperate to mate with any male beast
she sees -- just like you!' A stifled sob was all the reply I received from
within her kennel.'

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�'March 15th
1941. My wife's pup -- the sole offspring she shall ever have -- is ten years
old today. She is a lively little creature, and spends many hours trotting back
and forth the short distance her chain allows her, and she enjoys the company
of the other puppies who come in to play with her, for I keep the barred door
of the runs open most of the day. Sometimes I wonder if she envies them their
comparative freedom, for when they play in her run beyond her reach she strains
at her chain and whines desolately, and when they run off and leave her she
sits and looks after them hopelessly. But I doubt if she can envisage being
able to follow them; having spent her entire conscious life on a chain she must
believe it the natural order of things to be confined to the tiny area of bare
soil which is all she will ever know of the great world. Having no other
example to follow than that of the dogs (and of my wretched wife chained to her
kennel in the next run) she imitates them in everything, adopting their canine
postures as well as she can with her very different physique, although it is
astonishing how she can curve her back into an almost perfect circle, even to
the extent of being able to lick the skin between her lower thighs. But this,
of course, is the result of her spine being exceptionally flexible; it has
never been compressed by the constant burden of her upper body.� Her behaviour is typical of the canine
species, she whines and whimpers for my attention, and she enjoys going through
the repertoire of simple tricks I have trained her to do. I punish her
occasionally, of course, just as I do the other dogs, and, like my wife, she
has learned to cower in terror in her kennel when she sees me enter her run
with the whip in my hand. Then, exactly like her mother, she comes from her
kennel to be whipped at my command, trembling with fear; and when her
punishment is over she fawns at my feet, whining piteously.'

&nbsp;

�'As for her
mother, her temporary periods of human lucidity have stabilised. She is mated
two or three times a year, not nearly often enough to satusfy her lust, and now
she shows no signs of embarrassment. Indeed, lucid or not, she strains at her
chain whenever she scents the other bitches come on heat, often turning her
back and presenting her haunches to any male dog who passes the end of her run.
Well, she is only fulfilling her natural function, and she always was a brazen
bitch.'

� 

� At this point
Carlo closed the ledger hastily. His penis was so shamefully stiff and swollen
that he was obliged to stand and walk about for a few moments before it
subsided. He went into the kitchen, filled the kettle and put it on the Aga to
boil, and then went out to look for the dogs. There was no sign of them, and he
went back into the kitchen where he made his tea and cooked himself an
eccentric meal of beef stew followed by cheese and crackers. Afterwards he went
into the study and retrieved the ledger. Bringing it into the kitchen, he left
both doors open in case the dogs turned up to be fed, and began to read.

&nbsp;

� His uncle went
on to describe his unfaithful wife's daughter's first mating at the age of
thirteen.

&nbsp;

� 'The little
beast had menstruated several times -- as the blood between her thighs and her
smell indicated -- and it was time for her to be bred. (Though bred is not the
correct term, for no issue could come of this mating.) 'Trixie', as I had named
her, had lived with the other dogs all her life, but for this occasion I closed
the normally open gate of her run and put in with her a yearling dog I'd selected
as being nearest to her in subjective years and physical development. They knew
each other well, and lived amicably together in their run, cramped though it
was for two such young and active animals. But I walked the male as often as
possible on his leash, and their ordeal was not to last long. As was normal, my
other bitches came on heat within two days at the behest of subtle chemical
signals, the little beast for the first time, and her mother amongst them. (She
was fortunately at the end of a lucid period, and she was able to watch
throughout. I still savour her look of horror, hopelessness and despair as she
watched her daughter sniff at and lick the genitals of her puzzled male
run-mate, and display her own genitals to him in open and innocent invitation.)'

&nbsp;

� 'I enjoyed the
antics of the two virgin animals, both the male and the female, and I hoped the
little bitch's mother was appreciating them too. (But I fear she was not; her
brief moment of humanity had passed; in heat she'd reverted to her natural
animal behaviour, crouched with her haunches raised to any male who wandered by
-- exactly as she'd behaved when she'd been human, in fact.)'

&nbsp;

� 'The young dog
had by now scented the pheromones of the females of his own species, and his
sexual excitement was evident. But he was at a loss; the scents of his familiar
female companion (whom he'd known all his short life) were subtly different.
Yet they were close enough to those of the bitches of his own species to excite
him, and the postures she was adopting were so oddly intriguing, that he was
beside himself with confusion and longing. Little 'Trixie' whined and whimpered
in excitement. She nuzzled the male's genitals and licked his stiff, fuzzy
member with such abandon that I feared she might cause him to ejaculate
prematurely. Then she stood in front of him and licked his muzzle before
turning her back and going down on her elbows, raising her grimy little pink
rump invitingly. The dog was panting with excitement by now; his body was
urging action. If only he knew what to do! He sniffed the hairless haunches
before him uncertainly, licking his companion's cleft and probing her
glistening vagina with his nose. In response, she lowered herself a little and
shuffled backwards, attempting to push her rump between his fore legs.
Uncertainly, the young dog placed his front paws on her buttocks. She lowered
her body a little more, butting her haunches insistently against his lower
chest. Off balance, he was obliged to walk his front paws forward on her back.
The little bitch continued to reverse slowly, her lower legs from her knees
downwards passing� between his hind legs,
and when her rump was under the dog's hairy belly she straightened her thighs,
forcing the dog to raise himself still further on his hind legs and move his
fore paws forward on to her shoulder blades, with his belly was now resting on
top of her haunches. She opened her upper legs slightly to part her buttocks,
and pressed her rump back against the dog's genitals.'

&nbsp;

� 'Fascinated
(and, perhaps, a little repelled) I came up to the bars of their run and
stooped for a closer view. The bitch was in the throes of sexual excitement.
Panting and drooling, her sparse little bush of pubic hair dripping with the
lubricating fluids from her vagina, she moved her knees still further apart,
widening her cleft still more. The dog's ramrod stiff member, glistening with
his own lubricating juices and with a milky drop of sperm on its tip, probed
urgently for its matching orifice. I saw its tip brush the lips of her vagina
at which the bitch jerked her rump sharply backwards. The dog's strangled bark
of surprise, triumph and ecstasy was simultaneous with the bitch's little yelp
of pain as she was penetrated for the first time.'

&nbsp;

� 'It was all
over in seconds, of course. Spent, their flanks heaving in unison with their
efforts, the two animals remained in position, the dog now drooped on the
bitch's back with her supporting his weight. Finally he tried to withdraw, but
he was young and she was tight and it was several minutes before they
disengaged from each other. The bitch slowly straightened her elbows, raising
her upper body to the horizontal. The inside of her thighs were streaked with
her blood and gleaming with the dog's sperm seeping from her vagina. After
fully recovering her breath, she slowly squatted and urinated where she stood
before moving off awkwardly to the trough where she lowered her head to drink.
Her recent sexual partner, who had been complacently licking her blood from his
genitals, trotted over to sniff at the damp patch of ground where she'd just
emptied her bladder. He seemed to like the spot, for he raised a hind leg and
issued of a stream of yellow urine, milky with his sperm, onto the same patch
of soil. Then he trotted over to where she stood lapping thirstily. He sniffed
her cleft, and she made to pull away, but he only put out his long, thin tongue
and gently licked the insides of her thighs. Then he joined her at the trough.
I left them curled up side by side in the dirt outside her kennel.'

&nbsp;

�'On my way I
paused to glance at my wife. She had, it seemed, been enjoying a lucid period
throughout, and, though the rags of her remaining humanity must have been
horrified at the willing coupling of her daughter with a dog, her own innate
bitch nature had been too powerful to prevent her pawing the bars of her run to
reach the dog and slake her own lust. Now she lay staring wistfully through the
bars at the satiated couple in the next run, wriggling her haunches against the
dirt in a vain attempt to satisfy her own lust.'

&nbsp;

� The next entry
was dated a year later.

&nbsp;

�'At last I have
fulfilled my ambition of mating both bitches with the same dog at the same
time, and, to my good fortune, my wife was lucid throughout. In this period of
Spring Nature is at her most fecund, and my dogs respond in their own manner.
All the bitches, both the real and artificial are on heat, and the sequestrated
males as frantic with sexual longing as the females. I had selected my chosen dog
with care; young but experienced, he had often served two bitches in quick
succession. After shutting all the other bitches in their runs, but leaving
open the doors of the runs in which my wife and her daughter were chained, I
led the big dog into the yard.

&nbsp;

�'He tugged hard
on his leash, eager to get to work, and when I released him he ran straight to
the runs of his own kind and pawed frantically at the barred doors. Door after
door he investigated, and then he came to the open runs at the end of the yard.
After sniffing the air doubtfully, he ran down my wife's run to where she
awaited his attentions. First, of course, there was the little ceremony of
sniffing each other's muzzles and hind-quarters; then, with the dog satisfied
that this was indeed one of the same oddly-shaped hairless bitches he'd been
brought up with, and that she was sexually receptive, he prepared to get down
to business. In this he was aided quite brazenly by my wife, who turned and
went down on her elbows to present her haunches to him.'

&nbsp;

�'He took her in
the swift and brutal manner she was now accustomed to; when he withdrew to lie
panting on the ground, my wife turned and lowered her head to lick his genitals
with the obvious idea of encouraging him to another mating. But he withdrew
beyond her reach to recover; disappointed, she sat on her haunches and gazed
longingly at his prone body.'

&nbsp;

�'All this time
my wife's daughter had been beside herself with frustration, rising on her hind
legs and pawing desperately at the bars dividing her run from that of her
mother. The dog, now recovered a little from his exertions, raised his head to
gaze at her with sudden interest. Rising to his feet, he shook himself, then
went to investigate the occupant of the next run. Behind him, my wife hurled
herself forward in desperation, her front paws off the ground and her chain as
rigid as a steel bar. But the dog ignored her increasingly hopeless whimperings
and trotted slowly down the other run to her daughter.'

&nbsp;

�'This time
their introductions were more prolonged; the dog was no longer so frantic,
realising that these bitches were at his disposal with no other males around to
compete for their favours. But my wife's daughter was not so patient; she leapt
at him, eager to investigate his sexual readiness. To my amusement, the dog
began to tease the frantic little bitch, if it was possible to describe his
behaviour as such. He sat just beyond the limit of her chain and watched her
scrabbling frenziedly at the hard ground with her little front paws, trying to
gain every fraction of an inch she could. Panting with frustration, she finally
sat back, her flat chest heaving with effort. The dog lay down, his head on his
front paws, and regarded her with tantalising interest.'

&nbsp;

�'Then she
turned her back on him and went down on her elbows to wriggle her little rump
at him invitingly. Her vagina was distended; its pink interior glistening with
her juices and her pubic hair dripping with moisture. The dog yawned. Then he
rose and sauntered leisurely up to her. Still he refused to satisfy her lust,
confining himself to licking the inside of her thighs and probing her cleft
with his nose. Whining with excitement, she shuffled slowly backwards until her
chain checked her; then the dog withdrew. Over and over again this little
comedy was repeated for my entertainment. All the time her mother, like her
daughter before her, was scrabbling at the bars of her run whimpering for the
dog's attention.'

&nbsp;

�'He was
becoming more interested as his sexual potency recovered and on the next
occasion my wife's daughter offered her cleft he took her in a swift and
businesslike manner. Sated at last, he paused to drink from her trough and left
her run to go and lie down in the barn, leaving her lying panting on the
ground, staring after him. Her mother, after uttering a little sob of
frustration, lay down by her side, separated from her daughter only by the bars
of their runs.'

&nbsp;

�Another entry
followed.

&nbsp;

� 'August 25th
1946. Morning. The older bitch has gone blind due to an untreated eye
infection, doubtless caused by the flies which pester the two bitches
throughout the summer. My own fault; I clip short their tangled, filthy manes
every two years or so and I neglected to leave the fringe of hair over the the
older animal's forehead to ward off the flies on the last occasion. It is of no
importance; my wife still manages to find her trough and the entrance to her
kennel, and I have discovered an amusing pastime in which I toss small items --
sometimes morsels of food, sometimes pieces of earth -- through the bars to
within the reach of her chain. She investigates each sound of their landing, of
course; and her chagrin when she finally fastens her drooling lips on a piece
of worthless soil is most amusing.'

&nbsp;

�'Now that I
consider the matter, it is fortunate that neither animal has suffered too badly
from parasitic infections to date. They are frequently infested by fleas, of
course, but these are dog fleas and do not thrive on human blood. There are no
available human parasites to infest them, I am glad to say.'

&nbsp;

� There were few
entries remaining to cover the next forty-three years and the penultimate one
was dated some twenty years before the old man's death. It made horrifying
reading.

&nbsp;

� 'June 21st
1989. Afternoon. This day, the fifty-ninth anniversary of her entry into the
life she was always meant for, and the forty-third year of her blindness, at
the human age of seventy-eight years, my wife died. It was very sudden, and
quite unexpected. When I'd seen her that morning she'd been lying curled
maternally around Blackie's pups; only four hours later a frantic Blackie
appeared in my kitchen, whining desperately for my attention. When I responded,
she had led the way to their shared run where the old bitch lay stiff and cold
at the end of her chain. Ben, my sole remaining dog, was hanging around
uselessly -- the very image of a male animal -- while Trixie, my wife's
daughter-bitch, was pushing her face against the dividing bars, staring at her
mother's inert body and whimpering pitifully. Blackie's two tiny pups,
meanwhile, were huddled in the kennel whining to be fed. I took the pups and
put both them and Blackie into Trixie's run. She and Blackie, their composure
restored now that a human being was present, went into the kennel and lay down
to suckle the hungry pups. Ben backed off in evident relief as I stooped
painfully and examined the body. She was dead -- no mistake about that! --� though for no reason I had the wit or
training to discover. I regret to say that I swore at the prospect of the work
before me. But all had been worked out years before, and, though I am now an
old man, I was still strong enough to tie a rope around her ankles and drag her
body, bumping and scraping over the hard ground, to the midden. There I left
her, in a fitting place for the corpse of an animal, for the insects, birds and
small scavengers of the forest. Her bones I shall collect once the flesh has
been stripped from them;� ground-up, they
will be a valuable source of calcium for the other dogs.'

&nbsp;

� 'I had to
remove her collar, of course; and it came as a shock to me to recall that it
was exactly fifty-nine years to the day since I'd buckled it around her neck. I
unclipped her chain -- the chain that had kept her tethered within six feet of
her kennel for the greater part of her life, and I thought it was a pity that
she, and all of her sex, were not kept chained up from birth.'

�

� Carlo's flesh
crawled at the old man's cold-blooded and matter-of-fact account of the death
of the woman he'd kept as an animal for so long, and at the brutal and
horrifying manner he'd disposed of her body. He turned the page to the last
entries, his interest quickening when he saw the date; the first anniversary of
the death of his unfaithful wife.

&nbsp;

� 'June 21st.
1990. Morning. A full year since the old bitch died - amazing! Last night I sat
over my Scotch and mused long on an ideal world where all women, of whatever
age and condition, were muted, and their meddling hands amputated at birth.
They would be kept, naked, collared and dumb, in cages or chained to kennels,
and brought out only for the sexual needs of their male owners, and to fulfil
their only other useful function -- the propagation of males. Their male
children would be taken from them once weaned, to be raised amongst men by men;
their female pups would be humanely disposed of if surplus to the requirement
to ensure a constant stock of young and healthy female breeding beasts. Women
would be bought and sold like the cattle they are, and few would survive their
early twenties when they begin to lose the bloom of youth. Before I went drunk
to my bed I quoted to myself what I remembered of the wise words of Thomas
Otway. 'Whose face launched a thousand ships and burned the topless towers of
Ilium? Who cost Mark Antony the World? Woman! Damned, deceitful Woman!'

&nbsp;

� 'Now that my
canine establishment is reduced to three -- my dog, Ben; and my two bitches,
Blackie and Trixie -- I shall not increase it again. As time passes, and the
short lives of dogs takes its toll, only I and Trixie will be left. Well, I am
old and grow tired, and Trixie is perfectly at ease chained up in her run --
as, indeed, she should be after fifty-nine years!'� 

&nbsp;

� 'January 1st
2001. A new millenium; and, no doubt, not much different from the old one.
Wars, and rumours of wars; much as usual, each more destructive of human lives
than before. Very soon there will be a last conflict; after that the race of
Man will trouble this tiny corner of the Cosmos no more.'

&nbsp;

�'I shall be a
full century old this year, and Trixie sixty-nine. Dressing warmly against the
bitter cold of this New Year's Day, I go out to her kennel to acquaint her of
this fact -- for what that will be worth.

&nbsp;

�'She greets me
as usual, fawning at my feet and rolling on the frozen earth outside her kennel
in a frenzy of welcome. I stroke her icy skin, smooth and flawless under its
coating of dirt. I study her clinically, as usual easily dismissing any pang of
conscience about the way I had treated her. Unlike her dam, she has never known
any other life than this, chained to her kennel all her life. How can I be
accused of treating her cruelly? She is fit, and moves easily; her body is
still slim and her udders, though long without milk, are still firm. Perhaps, I
wondered, Nature meant that women should stay on all-fours and never be taught
to stand upright. In an ideal world...'

&nbsp;

�'March 21st
2006. Trixie is seventy-five today. She remains healthy, but arthritis, the
dreaded disease of age, is now afflicting her joints. If she comes to suffer
unduly, I shall kill her -- 'put her down', as people refer to the killing of
pet animals -- and dispose of her body before someone, at some time in the near
future, comes to dispose of mine. A hundred and six years of life weigh
heavily.'

&nbsp;

�'August 8th
2008. My little beast is dead. I was privileged to be with her to observe her
last moments. It was hot and sultry, and she hadn't eaten any of the swill she
was fed on for some days. She was lying on the ground just outside her kennel,
the fat flies crawling on her skin and about her open eyes and mouth, when I
came to her that afternoon. I set down the low three-legged stool I'd acquired
the habit of sitting on now that stooping had become so laborious a practice
and sat by her side. Her eyes were dim and clouded, but she recognised me at
once. Rolling, with some effort, on to her back, she presented her still hard
little belly to be scratched. I obliged her, at the same time pitying the
obvious pain each movement cost her. It would not be long, I thought, before
her present suffering ended in the only possible way.'

&nbsp;

�'She rolled on
to her side with her back to me, and I bent awkwardly and began to stroke her
dirt-encrusted flank. To the accompaniment of her slow and stertorous
breathing, I mused on how different her long life would have been had she not
been born to the animal I had married so long ago. But I expect she had been
happy enough, never having known any other life. I had cared for her; I had fed
her (admittedly only once daily, and then on scraps and dog food) and I had
given her ample opportunities to satisfy her sexual needs. Kept chained up all
her life, she had never been obliged to elude the many dangers which affect
those creatures free to move about the world.'

&nbsp;

�'Her painful
breathing quietened; for a moment I thought she was about to go. But no; from
somewhere she found the strength to stand on her four legs and take a step or
two away from me. She lowered her head and looked down at her faithful
life-long companion, the chain which had held her for so long. She prodded it
with a paw, as if she was about to play with it as she had done so often when
she was a child. Then she turned and looked out into the yard at the unchanging
view she had known all her life. Suddenly she stiffened, and her head rose as
if she saw something in the distance, something I, for all my peering, could
not descry. Amazingly, she found the energy to break into a slow trot away from
her kennel, her chain rattling on the hard ground behind her. And then, as had
always happened in the past, her chain rose from the ground and became rigid,
deforming the collar around her neck as it halted her abruptly. For a single
moment she strained at her chain, her front paws even rising from the ground
under the effort. As always the collar and chain defeated her, she sank to
all-fours wih a defeated sigh, fell slowly to her side, and expired. And so
passed my wife's daughter, at the age of seventy-seven, after a long lifetime
spent as an animal.'

&nbsp;

�'For this
moment I had long prepared; gone were the days when I could have dug a grave
for her. She, I had decided, should not be dragged away to the midden when her
time came; she would be buried as I'd buried so many of my canine companions in
the past. And what better spot for her final resting place than beneath the
barred dog run where she had pent her life?'

&nbsp;

�'It was the
work of a few minutes to drive into her run the miniature mechanical digger I
had purchased with this eventuality in mind. So neat and accurate was the
little shovel that I didn't even need to move the corpse from where it lay, and
very soon I had excavated a neat pit six feet deep next to her body. When I was
satisfied with its dimensions (it was not the shape of a human grave, Trixie
had never been able to stretch out to her full length) I descended from the
machine and walked over to where she lay.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Bending
over her, I detached her chain from her collar, remembering as I did so that
day so many years ago when I'd clipped it there. Her collar I left in place;
she would wear it in death as she'd worn it in life. A brief movement of my
foot, and the surprisingly light little frame fell with a thump to the bottom
of the pit. Then I filled in the grave, every so often tamping down the earth
with the bucket of the digger. Once the grave was full, I fetched the old lawn
roller from its shed and hooked it to the rear of the digger. I spent an hour
rolling flat the newly-filled grave, pulling the roller over it again and
again, and when I had finished I could be sure that after a few days of rain
and sunshine the grave would be be indistinguishable from the surrounding,
undisturbed soil.'

&nbsp;

�'April 2nd
2009. Today I went into the now disused dog yard for the first time since I'd
buried Trixie there. The dogs accompanied me (Ben and Blackie, the latest in a
succession of black Labradors of the same names) at first, but for some
mysterious canine reason they wouldn't enter either of the two runs at the far
end where the two women had lived for so long. Though I examined the bare
ground as closely as I could I could find no trace of the grave I alone knew
lay under it.'

&nbsp;

�' May 10th.
2009 I am not feeling well; maybe I should telephone from the village for an
appointment with that old fool, Doctor ********.'

&nbsp;

�That was the
last entry in the thick ledger, neatly underlined as though the old man had
known his tale was told.

&nbsp;

�Carlo closed
the book slowly and sat for some minute staring out of the window into the July
sunlight. He shivered; surely the words he had read were the ravings of a
madman? His mind went back to his only meeting with the old man. Carlo had been
six years old and engrossed in the things of a child, but he had an indelible
memory of the tall, gaunt, upright figure, of the stiff grey hair cut en brosse
over a pair of bleak grey eyes. He picked up the old collar; was it possible
that this thing had clasped the neck of the old man's wretched wife for so many
years? He shivered again at the thought, then was brought back to the moment by
the gentle pressure of Ben's nose against his hand.

&nbsp;

�Rising, cramped
from his long spell hunched over the kitchen table, Carlo went out with the dog
into the fresh, clean air of the farm yard. There he looked around him, trying
to work out which of the openings from it led to the old dog runs. After only
one false start, he found what he was searching for.

&nbsp;

�The yard, some
fifty feet square, was split up into eight dog runs, each with its kennel built
into the thick wall of the barn behind it. The runs were about six feet wide
and thirty feet long, separated by barred fences seven feet high and closed off
by heavy barred doors at the entrances. The doors of the two runs at the far
end hung open, and Carlo walked slowly across the yard to them, the two dogs,
who had been frisking about his heels, stopping to allow him proceed alone.

&nbsp;

� He gazed down
the length of the two runs to the dark openings of the kennels at their ends,
each with a chain stapled to the wall at the side. Slowly, he entered the
endmost run and walked down to the end. There he stooped and peered into the
dark kennel, wrinkling his nose at the animal smell still lurking in its depths.
He straightened and picked up the dangling chain, feeling its cold heaviness in
his hand. Could it really be true, he wondered, that a young woman in her late
'teens had been kept tethered by this chain, transformed into and treated like
an animal, kept naked, collared, and on all-fours for the rest of her life as
punishment for a marital transgression? He looked through the bars into the
next run; there she had been able to see the fruit of her betrayal grow up like
a chained dog, a chained dog who had never known life as a human being. It
would have been worse for the older woman, Carlo thought; she would be able to
remember her lost humanity; she would remember wearing clothes, being clean,
being free to move about where she would.

&nbsp;

�He sighed
heavily. In the next run the hard, barren soil lay flat and dusty under the
sun. He looked down at it closely; was there really a deformed human skeleton,
a mouldering collar around its neck, lying six feet below the surface?

&nbsp;

�Leaving the
gloomy little yard to its phantoms, he went back to the house. Later he
telephoned his girl friend to acquaint her with the news of his inheritance.

&nbsp;

�EPILOGUE

�Carlo's girl
friend, like Caesar of old, came, saw, and conquered. She wouldn't hear of him
selling the place, something he himself was not keen on doing, knowing as he
did its dreadful secrets. He had destroyed the damning old ledger, and she
never knew anything about the awful events that had happened there in the last
century. In due course they married, unfashionable though that was at the time,
and they lived to hear the old farm house ring to the laughter of their
children, and then to that of their grand-children and even their
great-grand-children, for both Carlo and his wife came of long-lived stock. The
old dog yard was now a favourite playground in which Carlo spent many hours
sitting on a wooden bench he had built in a sunny corner, watching his
descendants at their games. The rusting bars of the old dog runs had long been
removed and the kennels were now mere holes in the wall, full of the wind-blown
debris of past Autumns. There, in the summer, the youngest children ran and
played unclothed, as irrepressible youngsters will; watching them Carlo
sometimes thought he could discern the faint shade of a naked little girl held
tethered by a collar and chain, straining on all-fours to join the other
children at their play. But the sad little ghost -- if that was what it was --
remained unseen by anyone other than himself.

&nbsp;

�And that, he
would think at those times, was only natural. He had, after all, only the
fading memory of the old man's words to suggest the possibility that such
events ever happened at all.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jan311648


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





