BDSM Library - Jane\'s Execution Fantasy




Jane\'s Execution Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jane has always fantasized about pretending to be executed. Peter agrees to tie her up and \"hang\" her. But will he stop the fantasy at the agreed-upon point, or will he actually hang her?







Jane's Execution Fantasy

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-04-26T15:47:00Z
  2006-04-26T15:47:00Z
  1
  2117
  12073
   
  100
  28
  14162
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Jane's Execution Fantasy

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
time,&quot; he said.

&quot;Oh, God,&quot;
Jane thought, &quot;here I go. I hope I know what I'm doing.&quot;

She put her arms
behind her back, and he quickly looped a rope around them several times, then
again in a figure-8 fashion, then finally cinched it tight between her wrists.
She felt her wrists pulled together even harder when he knotted the rope. He
took the two ends of the rope and ran them around her waist, tying them tight
in back, on top of her wrists. Next, he put a wide leather belt around her
chest and arms, just below her breasts, and clasped it tight in back. Her arms
were now completely immobilized. 

It felt really good.
She had always loved being tied up, for as long as she could remember. As a
girl, she kept a bag of ropes and belts under her bed. Every night, she would
wait until her parents thought she was asleep, then tie her legs tight. She never
found a good way to tie her arms by herself. She tried toy handcuffs, but they
didn't give her that feeling of immovable skin on skin. Ropes were better, but
hard to tie tightly herself, plus they left marks.

The other thing she'd
always loved was executions. Pictures and stories of them made her so excited.
Her first orgasm occurred at age 16 when she simulated her own beheading in a
guillotine. She took a thin board and put one end under her bedpost, and the
other end under her chair so it was stuck to the floor. She tied her legs
together with belts. She looped a belt under the board, around her neck, under
the board again, and back up around her neck, where she fastened it. She
couldn't move her head much; it was as if it was in the lunette. She reached
behind and tied her hands together, and the moment she finished, she exploded
in her first orgasm. She didn't even know what had happened, but she knew she
wanted more of it.

She fantasized about
being executed different ways. The gas chamber was a favorite because the
prisoner got to fight against all those straps for several minutes: while the
door was being closed, while acid filled the bucket, and while the cyanide
pellets were lowered into it. The electric chair provided a lot of anticipation
as she imagined being strapped in the chair and having the electrodes applied,
but the fantasy ended too quickly, as soon as the first current hit her body.
Her favorite fantasy was hanging. The prisoner's arms were bound behind their
back in their cell. Then they had to walk up the 13 steps and stand on the trap
door. Their legs were tied tightly. There was no escape at this point. Whatever
the hangman was going to do couldn't be stopped. The blindfold. The hood.
Finally, the noose lowered over her head, around her neck, and tightened. She
struggled, desperate to free her hands and remove the noose before the trap
door opened, but her arms were bound tight. She tried to run away, but her legs
wouldn't move. &quot;The prisoner is prepared. Proceed with the sentence of
execution.&quot; Then the trap door would open and she would fall...

Best of all, she
could simulate this pretty well by herself. Binding her legs was easy, of
course. A blindfold, hood, and noose were also easy. Then she would roll over
on her stomach, reach around, and tie her wrists in back. This usually resulted
in a pretty good orgasm, but it just wasn't right. She tied her own legs
instead of having them tied by the hangman. She put the hood and noose on
herself instead of having them lowered over her head against her will. Her
hands were tied last instead of first. And, of course, she was lying down, not
standing on a trap door. What she needed was someone to bind her wrists, lead
her to the gallows, tie her legs, hood and noose her, then hang her, except not
really go through with it, of course.

Jane met her
executioner at a club. She was wearing her provocative outfit: tall black
leather boots, a black leather skirt, strapless corset, long gloves, and to
remove any doubt about her interests, a leather collar. She was no &quot;plain
Jane,&quot; and Peter knew with one look what interested her. They found a
table and started to talk about their mutual interest.

After a few minutes
of somewhat naughty talk, Peter asked, &quot;What's your deepest unfulfilled
fantasy?&quot; &quot;To be hanged,&quot; she replied. She was shocked that she
had blurted that out to anyone, especially to an almost total stranger.
&quot;Except, not really hanged,&quot; she quickly added. He gave her a look
that said &quot;tell me more,&quot; so she did. &quot;I want someone to do all
the steps right up until they spring the trap. Tie my hands behind my back.
Escort me to the trap. Tie my legs really tight. Blindfold. Hood. Noose. Read
the sentence of execution.&quot; She paused. &quot;I've dreamed of this for
years,&quot; she finally said. &quot;What about the trial?&quot;, he asked.
&quot;I don't care about that part,&quot; she said. &quot;Just the
execution.&quot; 'I can't believe I'm telling him this', she thought. 'He's
going to think I'm some sort of freak'. She decided to cut her losses.
&quot;Well, it was nice to meet you,&quot; she said, and got up to go.
&quot;Your execution date is next Friday night,&quot; he calmly said. She was
already halfway out of her chair, but stopped and stared at him. There was
silence while she studied him. Her gut said that he was on the level, but her head
said she must be crazy to even think about this. Her gut won, and she meekly
said, &quot;ok.&quot; They arranged to meet at the club the following Friday at
11pm. That would give them time to prepare her for &quot;execution&quot; at one
minute past midnight.

The rest of that
week, she was excited, but nervous. She couldn't talk to anyone about the plan.
She couldn't really believe she had finally confided her fantasy to even one
person. Finally, Friday evening arrived. She put on clothes that seemed
appropriate for an execution: simple dark blue slacks and a white blouse. Peter
was waiting near the club entrance. He asked, &quot;Do you still want to be
hanged?&quot; She had wondered that many times that week, until about Thursday,
when she decided that she wasn't going to miss the chance to fulfill the
fantasy she'd had since she was a teenager. Without hesitation, she said
&quot;Yes.&quot;

They got into his car
and drove to his house. It was dark inside, and she couldn't tell anything
about it, especially since he led her immediately down the basement stairs.
When they reached the bottom of the stairs and turned the corner, she saw the
hangman's noose, hanging from two eye bolts screwed firmly into ceiling joists.
Her heart fluttered with excitement, and she started to feel hot. He took her
arms and handcuffed them around a post. There was a chair, and she sat down.
Peter disappeared, returning a few minutes later, dressed in a dark suit. The
top half of his face, even his nose, was now covered with an executioner's
mask. Jane was breathing fast now. He unlocked the handcuffs.

&quot;It's
time,&quot; he said.

Once her arms were
bound, he led her over to the noose. There was a large &quot;X&quot; on the
floor, and he turned her around so she was standing on the middle of the X,
facing the way she had just come. &quot;Legs together,&quot; he ordered. He
crouched down and ran a leather belt through her ankles in a figure-8 pattern.
He did the same thing with a second belt, just above the first. Finally, he
took a very long belt and ran it above and below her knees in a double
figure-8. This last belt locked her legs pretty stiffly; she couldn't even
bend. She looked down at him the entire time, not quite believing this was
finally happening for real. All the belts were secured very tightly, just like
she'd asked. Also just like in her fantasies, she realized that she was at the
mercy of the hangman now. There was nothing she could physically do to stop him
from hanging her. She was getting wet, but at the same time, part of her wanted
to escape, because unlike her fantasies, she really was at the mercy of a
hangman.

&quot;Prisoner, you
have been convicted of murder and sentenced to hang from the neck until dead.
Sentence of execution will now be carried out. Do you have any final
words?&quot;

She had answered this
question countless times in her mind. Sometimes, she bravely said &quot;No,
let's get on with it.&quot; Sometimes, she protested, &quot;I'm innocent!
You're about to hang an innocent woman!&quot; But now that she was bound up
tighter than she'd ever managed to tie herself, standing up, with a large noose
dangling above her, all she managed was a meek &quot;no&quot;.

&quot;The prisoner
will now be prepared for sentence of execution.&quot; The hangman took out a
roll of black bondage tape and wrapped it around her head at least 10 times,
covering her eyes. She couldn't see a thing, and she began to get a little
wobbly. She expected the hood next, but instead felt bondage tape being wrapped
around her neck. &quot;Mustnï¿½t mark up your pretty neck,&quot; said the
executioner slyly. 'I don't think the noose will mark my neck, unless he's going
to pull it really, really tight,' she thought. Then she felt the hood lowering
over her head. &quot;Oh, oh!&quot; she gasped. She was sure her pants were
visibly wet in front. She didn't know how much more she could stand before she
would erupt.

She tested her bonds.
Her arms will still immobile, as were her legs. &quot;Oh, God, here comes the
noose,&quot; she thought. There was nothing she could do to stop that noose
from being put around her neck. Still, it was just a game they were playing.
There was no trap door, and she wasn't standing on a stool that would be kicked
out from under her. The noose wasn't going to squeeze unbelievably tightly
around neck, cutting off her air. She wasn't going to die. She thought for just
a moment about the terror that condemned convicts must face at this moment.
Alive, but about to die a violent death, and nothing, absolutely nothing, they
can do to stop the process.

Then she felt the
noose being lowered over her head, and she stopped thinking about anything
besides her own situation. The noose came down and rested on her shoulders.
Then, slowly, it began to tighten around the hood. She felt it closing in on
her neck, touching more and more of it through the hood. Then it was touching
all around. It was getting almost uncomfortably tight, and she could feel the
large bulge of knots behind her left ear. She was about to come when the
hangman's words almost knocked her over. &quot;I'm really going to hang
you,&quot; he whispered. &quot;Your feet will dangle a foot above the floor.
I'm going to watch you kick and struggle and moan. Your windpipe will be
crushed, but it will take several minutes for you to die. It will be
excruciatingly painful for you. I'm going to leave you hanging for an hour to
make sure you're dead. Then I'm going to cut you down and bury your body where
no one will ever find it. I know you didn't tell anyone about this - you only
confided in me. No one knows you're here, or that you ever met me.&quot; He
paused. &quot;And there's nothing you can do to stop me.&quot;

Jane knew he was
right about that, but she started to fight her bonds anyway. She tried to pull
her arms apart, but they didn't move. She tried to move her legs, but they held
fast, too. Now she knew what real convicts felt like. She had a noose around
her neck, and there was no way to remove it. She was going to die! He was going
to kill her, and she couldn't stop him. At least, she thought he was. Or, she
hoped, maybe this was just part of the game.

She felt him bear hug
her from behind, then lift her up and set her onto a stool. The slack in the
rope around her neck was then pulled taut. 

&quot;The prisoner is
prepared. Sentence of execution will proceed in one minute.&quot;

She knew that if the
stool was removed, she would be dangling from her neck a foot above the floor.
Now she was sure this wasn't a game, and that she was really going to die. The
last minute of her life! Real convicts at least got the long drop, which
usually broke their necks and rendered them unconscious. She was going to die
in agony! She was terrified. She could barely speak. She moaned &quot;Oh God,
no, please, no.&quot;

&quot;30
seconds,&quot; said the hangman.

She fought her bonds
again, even harder. The rope was now biting into her wrists. It broke the skin
in one spot, and blood started to ooze out. She didn't notice. She was fighting
like a wild animal backed into a corner. But it did no good.

&quot;15
seconds.&quot;

She became as stiff
as a board, still straining at her bonds. She was too terrified to blame
herself for being so stupid in getting into this situation.

&quot;Proceed.&quot;

She tensed even
further, but she also noticed that she was very wet. She felt the stool yanked
out from under her feet. She was dangling from her neck! Involuntarily, she
kicked her bound legs back and forth. This caused her body to start to spin
around. The noose tightened, and her neck hurt - she couldn't breathe! She
gasped for air, but none came. As terrified as she had been when standing on
the stool, she was twice as scared now. She saw stars, and the pain spread from
her neck to her lungs. But it disappeared when she erupted in the most intense
orgasm of her life. It went on and on for what seemed like several minutes.
Waves of ecstasy blocked out all the pain, and even the fact that she couldn't
breathe. Her last sentient thought was that at least she had felt great before
the pain that was about to come back. But it didn't. Instead, she blacked out.

When she came to, she
was lying on her side on the floor. The noose, hood, and bondage tape were
gone, but her arms and legs were still bound tight. Peter was still wearing the
executioner's hood. &quot;You survived. How was it?&quot;, he said.
&quot;Ohhhh,&quot; was all she could say. Her fantasy had finally been
fulfilled, and it was far better than she'd ever imagined. &quot;How about
tomorrow night, except instead of tying your chest and legs with belts, I use
rope?&quot;, he asked. Jane slowly nodded 'yes' over and over. After about five
minutes, she was finally able to speak. &quot;Now untie me, then take me
upstairs, tie me to your bed, and fuck me!&quot; she ordered Peter. &quot;I was
hoping you'd say that,&quot; he said cheerfully.

As Peter led her in
handcuffs toward the basement stairs, she noticed a stout wooden chair with
thick arms and a very high back. &quot;Hmm, that would make a nice garotte
chair,&quot; she thought to herself. Maybe that's how she would be executed
next weekend.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe Hangman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





