BDSM Library - The capture of a Beauty




The capture of a Beauty
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Byron captures a beauty, a rebel and begins the journey of making her his.







Master Byron

 
  Gemma Jones
  Normal
   jim
  2
  156
  2006-05-08T20:37:00Z
  2006-05-08T20:37:00Z
  1
  2002
  11415
  95
  26
  13391
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The
capture of a Beauty

&nbsp;

Gemma
Jones

&nbsp;

The
great building sat nestled in the forest, it was known to the village people
that Byron was not �normal� his presence was only ever experienced in the dead
of night, once a year as he came to claim his next woman. What he did to them
was never known but in the 25 years none had ever returned, and stranger still
rumour had it that his looks had never aged as time would have it. To all who
REALLY knew, Byron was a creature of the night, a vampire.

&nbsp;

His
castle was vast, its beauty dated further back than most could remember, its
countless rooms housed the women that had become his slaves, those who had
tried to escape had never made it past the walls, no one knew what happened to
them, but it was never pleasant. 

&nbsp;

But Byron
was growing bored of his slaves, they no longer brought him sexual
gratification, as most lost any disobedience soon after being brought to his
premises, realising that serving Byron meant having a home and never worrying
about much, other than not being fed if they did wrong. Byron had seen this and
as he sat in his great study he sighed and tapped his fingers, wondering what
could be done when the sound of singing brushed his acute hearing. The sound
was faint, so faint that he could not pinpoint where the sound came from.

&nbsp;

From
that moment Byron lost all interest in his slaves, soon after he let them go,
most ran back to their villages into surprised but overjoyed parents� arms,
some lingered not wanting to leave their master, after years of devotion it was
hard for them to return to any sort of normality, but Byron would not allow any
to return and instead paced the rooms of his castle awaiting the sound of the
blissful singing that had graced his very being days earlier.

&nbsp;

It
came, at the point where Byron feared he had imagined it and finally insanity
had taken him after centuries of living his life. As the notes penetrated his
being, colour returned to his life and he went in search of the sound before it
left again. Crouching, half hidden he saw the source of the music. A beauty
stood before him, tending to a well, her song was now loud in his mind she
surrounded him with beauty, her long auburn hair teased her bare shoulders, the
gypsy top she wore cupped her ample bosom and lead to a smooth waist, the rest
was hidden under the full skirts that most girls wore in that day.

&nbsp;

From
afar he heard someone call to her. Amber, her name matched the way the sunlight
would grace her hair. It melted on his tongue and his desire to have him became
so overwhelming that he simply stepped from the tree startling her so much that
she stepped back and got tangled in the rope from the bucket. Byron bent and
dragged her towards him, her skirts rode up showing off her honey skinned legs,
Amber attempted to scream to the person who had shouted her but nothing came
out and Byron simply gripped her ankle and pulled her so she hung limply
upside-down. Her skirts hung over her head and her underwear exposed, Byron
stroked her skin and breathed in her luscious scent. 

&nbsp;

Amber
kicked and struggled all the way to the castle, much to Byron�s amusement. Her
screams were loud and shrill but everyone knew where she was going and there
was no hope of rescue, some had tried in the past and rumour was they had met a
sticky end as Byron had no doubtedly used them as his blood donors. Byron now
had Amber draped over his shoulder, she beat his back weakly knowing full well
where she was going, her bright spark meant she wouldn�t give in without a
fight. As they entered the enormous castle gates Amber made a run towards the
nearest village, she got quite far as Byron laughed and gave her a head start,
her little cries brushed his mind, and lead him to her exact point.

&nbsp;

She
hit the woods and continued to run, dodging trees and plants until she came to
a mound, Amber leaped over the mound in one go, catching a skirt as she did, it
tore away, grabbing it Amber hid, hardly daring to breathe, but the shallow
little breaths she took did nothing to help her condition and her mind gave
way. She fainted, and the last thing she remembered feeling was the dampness in
her panties.

&nbsp;

When
amber awoke she was tied to a bed, her hands bound together and to the bar that
ran across the top of the bed, her ankles were shackled apart but hidden by
what was left of her skirts. Struggling was no use, it seemed to tighten her
bounds, Amber bit her lip to stop from crying out, she
had been told about the man in the castle, he had often plagued her deepest
dreams but she did not want to succumb to him as easily as the rest had. Soon
her desire to cry subsided and her next attempt at escape was already in
motion.

&nbsp;

But
Amber did not have time to think for long as the sound of a metal trolley
coming into the room startled her and for some reason she closed her eyes and
pretended to sleep, of course Byron knew this, he figured it would be amusing
to play along with her game and see how long she would last. Starting with her
skirts Byron cut them away, it was evident by her sharp intake of breath that
she was shocked, but she kept her eyes shut and tried to keep a peaceful look
on her face. Amber�s skirts soon fell apart, revealing her dampened panties,
this sight pleased Byron greatly and already his erection began to push at his
pants.

&nbsp;

Soon
after her corset was cut away, and all that concealed her modesty was her thin
gypsy top and white panties. Byron took his time choosing which to remove
first, and even cleared the clothes that he had already cut away. He decided to
remove her top and soon her young, pert breasts sat freely for him to see, the
gentle breeze hardened her nipples, which in turn brought more moisture to her
already sopping pussy lips.

&nbsp;

�Well,
well look what we have here, slut is all damp, lets just take off these pa�� Byron did not finish as Amber opened her eyes and
shook about the bed in protest, to no avail, Byron simply ignored the plea and
snipped away the tiny piece of material. Her pussy glistened with moisture, her whisps of hair, neatly trimmed made his cock
almost tear open his pants.

&nbsp;

�Ahh,
such a beauty, it will be a pleasure fucking you and turning you into my
whore.� Amber shook her head, begging to be let free. His hands were on her,
faster than the bound Amber could blink, his fingertips felt like red hot
pokers on her virgin skin. Byron could tell Amber had never been touched by a
man, now she would never be touched by a mortal and know only the pleasure he
could bring, and judging by the way she buried her reddening face in her arm
she was experiencing a lot of pleasure. 

&nbsp;

Amber
whimpered gently as Byron�s hands continued their assault, this night he would
fuck her into a frenzy she would not forget, making her total submission an
even greater pleasure. Byron took his time, deliberately missing her tits and
pussy, which was now dripping wet, Amber�s moans grew
louder as her skin burned beneath his touch. He leant between her legs, forcing
them futher apart, Amber bit her lip, she did not want
Byron to know her body was betraying her. As Byron took her chin into his
fingers Amber opened her eyes and looked directly into his, they were deep, but
glazed over with lust for his new prize. Before she could process this any
further Byron�s lips claimed hers.

&nbsp;

The
world fell from beneath her and Amber was glad that the bed was there to
support her as she would have fallen otherwise, Byron�s lips were sweet and
after Amber was done resisting the kiss sent ice cold shivers over her hot
body, shortly followed by his fiery fingers on her tits, Amber�s body jolted in
shock from the sudden touch and Byron laughed silently, working her nipples
into hard peaks. His touch was expertise, knowing exactly what made her cry out
with pleasure, Amber felt his huge prick pushing at
her abdomen which sent another flurry of passion to her aching pussy. 

&nbsp;

Soon
Byron�s kisses were on her neck, hot and wet his tongue left burning trails
over her, his fangs scraped at the supple skin, a tiny
nick bled a drop of blood which Byron was quick to savour. Amber barely noticed
in her state, her head once again buried in her arm, giving Byron plenty of
neck to kiss and suck, his hand still loving her breasts, kneading and pinching
the skin until it was swollen with pleasure. As his kisses moved towards her
tits his hands wandered down, stopping briefly to tease her belly button. Amber
lifted her ass off the bed, willing him to her wet pussy.

&nbsp;

Byron
obliged and his searing hot fingers entered her most secret place, her juices
lubed up his fingers and he pressed them close to her throbbing clit, Amber
mewed in pleasure, biting her lip, still desperate not to show that she was
giving in to his assault. Byron�s teeth grazed her hard nipples and Amber felt
sure she would climax, but held it off. His lips worked methodically on her
tits, sucking, licking and biting each in turn while his fingers gently worked
her clitoris until Amber felt sure she was about to explode. But Byron stopped.

&nbsp;

Amber
almost sighed outwardly but the sigh was stuck in her throat as she felt
Byron�s kisses on her tummy, heading down, he planted tiny soft kisses on her
flesh, now slick with sweat. As he kneeled between her legs, lifting them in
his arms, Amber thrust her hips at him desperate for release. Byron gently
licked at her clit, parting her lips with his fingers he buried his face in her
damp pussy, supping at her sweet juices while Amber shuddered beneath his
touch, moaning and sighing in ecstasy. All she felt has his long, hot tongue
grazing her clit, occasionally sucking it into his mouth, before moving to her
hole and teasing it with the very tip of his tongue, a promise of the joy he
would bring her with his prick very soon.

&nbsp;

It
wasn�t long before Amber felt her first orgasm building once more, it would be
the most intense she would ever experience, and as Byron took her clit into his
mouth once more, it came, Amber could not hold it back this time and her scream
was so loud it scared all the birds away from the turrets. Byron lapped at her
juices as she came over his face moaning and shuddering with pleasure. 

&nbsp;

Byron
had not quite finished with her, he gently placed her
legs back on the bed and untied them. Amber was still weak and did not know,
but she felt it when his naked erection pushed at her abdomen once again. She
opened her eyes.

&nbsp;

�N-noooo! What are you doing you
can�t!!! Get off me!� Her voice was weak and cracked in places, Byron was
unaffected by her words and began to ease his huge cock into her virgin hole.
Amber yelped and tried to struggle but it simply forced him further inside her,
her walls gripped him like a vice, forcing a gutteral growl from his snarling
lips. Byron forced his prick past her barrier and was finally buried inside her, Amber felt the pain ebbing away as pleasure took over.
She groaned as Byron began to pull out of her and push back in, stretching her
enough so the vice like grip began easing off, giving him more space to fuck
her harder.

&nbsp;

Soon
Byron had built up a rhythm and he fucked Amber with deep strokes, Amber looked
at him from time to time to see the animalistic look on his face, he gripped
her ass and rammed himself inside her, another orgasm shook her body, sending
Byron over the edge and he soon filled her full of cum. Byron paused to catch
his breath and pulled out of her, Amber felt empty without his cock but she
wouldn�t need to feel empty for very long. She saw Byron�s cock was still
throbbing.

&nbsp;

He
grabbed her ass and flipped her onto her stomach, forcing her to kneel on all
fours, and began to fondle her ass hole, Amber shuddered and again begged but
knew that it would not work, and he would take her regardless. Byron had made
his fingers slick with lubricant and was teasing the puckered hole. Slowly he
forced the tip of his finger inside, Amber screamed out at the intrusion but
her body betrayed her again, giving into the pleasure. Byron inched his finger
deeper inside until his finger was buried in as far as his knuckle. Sliding it
out Amber sighed which soon turned into a scream as Byron forced his huge cock
inside the hole. The pain was overwhelming and once it was buried deep inside
her Byron held still giving her a chance to get used to the full feeling.

&nbsp;

Sliding
out brought tears to Amber�s eyes, but she bit her lip as before the feeling of
pain soon turned to pleasure as she tried to relax allowing Byron entry into
her. He again built up a rhythm stretching her ass wide with a good hard
fucking, Amber felt dirty and slutty, succumbing to his assault felt so good
when she knew it shouldn�t damn her body! Damn it for giving into the monster
that fucked her. She knew worse was to come and decided to enjoy it, vowing to
rebel later�

&nbsp;

Byron
was now plunging his throbbing cock deep into her hole
growling and slapping her plump ass. It gave him so much pleasure knowing that
she was his, his only slut. It sent him over the edge and he sank his claws
into the flesh of her ass as he filled it with cum, forcing Amber into another
shuddering orgasm. Finally Byron fell sated and left
Amber to sleep. She would need rest for soon her training would begin. 

&nbsp;

Looking
back at her, cum dripped from both holes, she looked sluttish and gorgeous at
the same time, Byron knew he would never fully break Amber, and he would have
it no other way�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gemma Jones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





