BDSM Library - The Younger Sister




The Younger Sister
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is fantasy.








 
  Cindy Devoy
  Normal
   jim
  2
  39
  2006-05-05T02:24:00Z
  2006-05-05T02:24:00Z
  1
  2894
  16497
  Scott County Human Services
  137
  38
  19353
  10.2625
 

 
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������� 

����������� You
could hear the noise before they carried her into the garage. She was in a ball
in her tight wire dog kennel. Her small tanned body was naked and covered in
sweat. Her hands and ankles were bound together with barbed wire behind her. On
top of the wire holding her wrists and ankles together was more barbed wire
wrapped around the entirety of the girl�s body with a harshness that wasn�t
considerate of later health. The barbed wire was closely spaced and began at
the bottom of the girl�s upper legs and ended at the tops of her shoulders. Her
elbows were wired together, touching, her upper arms pressed firmly into her
back. Her lower legs were pressed tightly against the backs of her upper legs
with her heels digging into her ass. 

The girl�s eyes lit undiluted panic. You could see her
tongue move behind the ring gag, and the pained noise of the vowels she
screamed against the shock of her electric shock collar was shrill and broken
and barely intelligible. 

The collar
had earlier been turned to full power. The noise continued.

One of the
women carrying the package was older looking, in her forties, and the other
woman carrying the package was in her late twenties. The two of them hoisted
the girl out of the cage and held her propped up on her knees by her two
pigtails, one tail for each woman. The girls ankles were pulled up to her
buttocks by the chain connected to her wrists. The garage floor was hard and
cold on the girls knees.

The girl
looked up at the younger of the women. She ignored the older one. Four tears
were coming down the naked girl�s cheeks. She had full, Eastern European cheeks
that were pretty in a childish sort of way. The girl was in her mid twenties
now but she had a petite figure and prim features that made her never seem to
develop beyond her teens. She had retained the tightness of body often lost
after a girl�s last period of growth. Her breasts were small but they were
balanced with the rest of her. She had the curves of a woman but they seemed a
little under-pronounced and her skin was smooth and soft and took on an olive
hue in the dim garage light. 

One of the
tears traveled over her lip and into her mouth through the O demanded by the
ring gag. The noise of the electricity mixing with the girl�s desperate voice
was hard to take. It was slow but the words were understood. Please, you can do
anything to me, just keep me. I am your sister. This is my life. 

The younger
woman holding her only smiled. She seemed to be amused. She had grown up into a
very beautiful looking woman. Her breasts had become good size, her curves were
pronounced and her facial features had taken on the fullness of a fully
developed woman. She bent over and kissed the girl on the forehead and then
joked with the older woman. The joke was unrelated to the crying girl.

The crying
girl looked across the room to the man sitting in a chair, watching and smoking
a cigarette. The cigarette was almost out. The girls eyes were red from crying
all day, and they asked him to be to her as he hadn�t been in a very long time.
They hadn�t asked him in the same very long time but now they were very urgent.


The man got
up and walked to her. He took a last puff of his cigarette while running his
hand over the girl�s wet face. He wiped the wetness onto his pants thigh. He
tilted the girl�s head back and dropped the remainder of the cigarette in her
mouth and then helped the women with the barbed wire without monitoring what
precisely became of the cigarette.� 

Though she
was a delicate girl she had relatively thick thighs and the wire bit them into
a sequence of rolling hills. Where the barbs pressed into her body there were
small stars of indented skin. 

The girl�s
pussy was shaved bare and you could still see the dainty padlocks locking
together the rings pierced along both pussy lips. The three bells were still
hanging from their rings and the top bell and the top padlock were held
upwards, pressed upside down into the girl�s skin by a barb. 

The girl
was visibly shaking and the barbs cut into her. The faint sound of the bells, including
the two attached to the rings pierced into her nipples, could be heard
underneath the girl�s miserable squealing. The squealing was non-verbal. Then
two words could be made out. I�m afraid. Then the squealing was non-verbal
again. 

The girl�s
breathing was fast-paced because the usual depth of breath was too painful
against the barbs. The shock collar was taken off before the noose was wrapped
around her neck. She was balanced squarely on her knees on top of a cart. The
cart creaked and moved minimally back and forth underneath her while her
restless body moved under the noose. She was made to be quiet and not beg or
else they would kick the cart away and she wouldn�t be allowed to watch the
video. She couldn�t quiet down below a low erratic moaning. 

The younger
woman stood next to the girl while the video played. She ran her hand through
the girl�s pig-tailed hair and then held onto the girl�s bare foot sticking out
behind her to steady the creaking cart. 

The video
was a montage of their home footage taken over the years. 

At the
beginning the camera approached a closet and a hand reached into the shot from
behind the camera and opened the closet door. A young teenager, a younger
version of the girl now noosed, younger but not that different, was laying in
cotton shorts and a tight t-shirt on the floor of the closet, bound in copious
rope and gagged with a pillow case. She looked up into the camera, her eyes
squinting for the sudden return of light, and the same voice of the woman now
holding the foot of the wired, noosed girl, asked, �Do you want to be let out
yet?� The young girl on the floor shook her head. �Alright, goofball,� the
voice replied, and the closet door was shut.

In the next
shot a number of girls in their teens were acting boisterous in a girlish
bedroom. The bedroom door opened in the corner of the shot and the camera
panned to center the same girl from the closet, the same girl under the noose
now walking into the bedroom with a tray full of drinks. She set the tray down
and stood by it for a second, not sure where to put her eyes, glancing to the
camera and then looking quickly away to nowhere specific. �Thank you, Alyssa,�
the familiar voice said, and then the girl nodded subtly and noiselessly left
the room. �Where are all her friends?� another voice asked.

The next
clip saw the camera focused on a younger version of the man from the garage
sitting in a living room and looking uncomfortable with the camera in his face.
The familiar voice was gleeful and giggling interviewing him. He was smiling
himself and it seemed they were both animated by the pure, simple joy of love. 

A voice was
heard in the background faintly calling out. �Heidi!,� it repeated, and the
camera turned away from the man and moved down the hallway. The arm reached out
and opened the door at the end of the hallway. It was dark inside the room.
When the arm flipped the light switch the girl could be seen laying on the bed
with her arms over her head handcuffed to the bedpost. �I can�t reach the key.
It�s in the drawer,� the handcuffed girl said. The voice behind the camera
replied, annoyed, �I left you tied up all last night! You already have to
handcuff yourself to the bed today? You�re out of control. Stop bugging me with
this all the time. I�m leaving you there. Don�t bug us again. I�m trying to be
with my boyfriend.�

The camera
backed up and began turning around. It turned back to the girl and hesitated on
her for a second. She looked over to the camera with shame, her eyes paused,
looking into the viewer with the pausing of the camera. The camera turned
around again and the lights went back off. The door closed and the camera moved
back down the hall. 

In the next
clip the older sister was holding the camera up and pointing it backwards
towards her face. �Today is Alyssa�s birthday,� she said. �And we�re going to
wake her up and surprise her with her present.� The camera flipped around and
faced the same bedroom door from the preceding clip. When it opened the girl
was bathed in the sunlight of the morning coming in through the window. Her
hands were handcuffed together behind her back. Her ankles were cuffed together
also. She was laying face down on the wooden edge of the bed, half of her body
over the side. She was rubbing her crotch against the wood and when she looked
back and saw the camera she fell off the bed and landed with a thud on the
floor. The camera moved in and hovered above her. The older sister let out a
deep, concerned sigh and the clip ended.

Now the
younger girl looked older and her face wore a resignation not as prominent in
the earlier clips. Time had passed. Her wrists and elbows were tied together
behind her back and she wore a collar that connected by a chain to the
treadmill. She wore a pair of red high heels made out of shiny leather. A pair
of black underwear and a small red t-shirt were all the clothing she wore. The
older sister was standing next to the treadmill turning up the speed. She was
laughing and her regard towards her younger sister seemed to have changed. She
walked up to the camera and spoke into it. �This is how Alyssa gets her
exercise now. She doesn�t get much in between all the other stuff.�

She walked
back up to the treadmill and turned the speed up more. The girl was struggling
to keep up. Her ponytail was bouncing up and down and she was on the verge of
stumbling. The older sister stuck her foot out and tripped the girl. The girl
landed face down and let out a piercing grunt. She began to be pulled backwards
but the slack of the chain connected to her collar quickly ran out. She was
trying to keep her face up away from the burn of the passing treadmill and it
seemed the wind was knocked out of her. 

The older
sister was standing over her and began shouting. Her face was red. It was a
terrible rage overflowing from an abandon that wouldn�t have seemed possible in
the earlier clips. Something had changed. �MY BOYFRIEND IS NOT GOING TO FUCK
YOU! HE WOULDN�T FUCK YOU, IT�S PLAIN AS DAY, YOU�RE PATHETIC! YOU�RE HOPELESS!
YOU HAVE NO DISCRIMINATION! WHAT�S GOING TO HAPPEN TO YOU IF I�M NOT AROUND TO
BEAT SOME SENSE INTO YOU? DON�T TRY AND TEMPT HIM!�

The next
clip saw the younger sister in the same outfit and the older sister in the same
rage. It was taken from the same day. The older sister was duct taping the girl
into a compact ball. When she was done she told her younger sister to tell them
what she had done. The younger sister looked up into the camera. Her face
looked the stone stillness of perfect shame. I tied myself naked to my sister�s
bed because I knew her boyfriend was going to come in, she said. 

The girl
looked away from the camera and the older sister began wrapping the duct tape
around her mouth. The girls eyes looked to the floor in defeat while the tape
wrapped around. Then the duct tape came over her eyes.

The girl
was lifted up into a small trunk next to her sister�s bed. It was padlocked
shut. There were journals and photographs on the floor next to the trunk. They
had been taken out to make room. �Goodnight,� her sister said to the trunk
before shutting the camera off.

It was a
video of the older sister and her boyfriend, the man from the garage and the
man from the earlier clip, before going out to prom. The boyfriend came in a
tuxedo with flowers, the older sister came down the stairs in her dress, they
posed for pictures before they went out. As they were going out the door the
older sister said to whoever was holding the camera, �Hey, get a shot of Alyssa
before you turn the camera off.�

After the
front door closed the camera went down to the basement. The girl was in the
laundry room. Her hands were chained overhead to a height that left her body
very taught. She was naked and a red ball was strapped in her mouth on the
outside of a pillowcase pulled down over her head. Her body was written over
with black marker.

&nbsp;

I WANTED TO
GO TO PROM SO MY SISTER HAD TO REMIND ME THAT I AM NOT THE KIND OF GIRL THAT
GETS TO GO OUT.

&nbsp;

The older
sister looked away from the tv screen at her younger sister wrapped up in
barbed wire and noosed. She was sobbing now and bleeding from several
areas.� Heidi, she sobbed. There were
tears running all the way down her torso, beading on wire, adorning her body
with gleaming lines of reflected garage light. The older sister squeezed the
girl�s foot and looked into her eyes waiting to hear more. It hurts, the girl
sobbed. I will be perfect for you. I won�t ever act entitled. 

The older sister threaded the girl�s toes with her
fingers while she spoke. �Oh, little baby,� she said. She spoke in a tone
commonly directed at pets or small children. �You�d think you�d know your
command lost its last pittance of weight years ago. It was a long time ago, you
gave it up yourself.� The older sister redirected her tone to the other older
woman, the woman in her forties. �She set the ball rolling when she was a
pre-teen , after our parents died. She pushed it and pushed it, she wouldn�t
give it a rest, and then it began building speed on its own and she just let it
keep going, she didn�t raise the slightest objection, and then it was out of
her hands completely and she only seemed to feel perfectly at home.�

The older
sister pushed the cart back so the girl�s knees were at its very front and the
older sister could stand directly in front of her. The older sister casually
flicked one of the bells on the girl�s nipples. She put her hands behind the
girl�s back and pulled the girl towards her very slightly with the few fingers
that would fit between wires.

�This is
where the ball ends honey. It�s unalterable. This is what you are. This is how
you defined yourself. I can�t recall a single significant stroke you generated
in any other direction. This is just what happens eventually to your kind of
thing when it is no longer beneficial to keep.� She looked to the man and the
other woman and directed the last of her speech at them. �We don�t expect of
her not to act foolishly though. That would be foolish of us.�

The girl�s
body began struggling. The cart was creaking again and the girl�s bleeding was
more. The struggling had very little room to become. The motions were quick and
hardly. The noose held the girl�s head up from looking down for any glimpse of
her body. �Watch the end of the video Alyssa,� her older sister told her.�� 

The girl in
the video now looked the same as the girl in the barbed wire. She wasn�t pierced
yet but all of her features had set. The camera looked down on her laying on
the living room floor with a marker in her mouth. Her arms were held together
behind her back by an armbinder and her legs were belted together at the ankles
and just above and below the knees. She was slowly snaking her way to a piece
of paper.

�Read it
and choose carefully,� her sister�s voice said behind the camera. �You will not
be able to revoke your signature.�

The girl
was silent when she finished reading the contract. She made a barely
perceptible jerking motion on the floor. It seemed a restrained attempt at
friction against her crotch. She looked up at her sister with the marker
sticking out of her mouth. �I think it should be official and final,� the voice
of the sister said from behind the camera. �Otherwise we are no longer going to
play games.�

The girl
looked over the contract again and then signed it with her mouth. A, she signed
it, and that was enough. After a pause that let sink in the signature�s severe,
far-reaching finality, the girl snaked her way to her sister and leaned close
against her sister�s legs with her head in her sister�s lap. Her sister ran her
hands through the girl�s hair and finger-studied the girl�s face. The girl�s
face took up the whole screen. The girl looked up and smiled. It was a
perfectly happy smile, the pure joy of an excited dog, clean of the usual
underlying complications. The girl pressed her face into her sister�s upper
thigh and the lower part of her body began jerking. She was trying to rub her
crotch against her sister�s lower leg.

�No, I
can�t let you do that. I will no longer be leaving vibrators in you or anything
of the sort. I won�t have you be so perverted. You are technically my sister
and I will not practice incest. That kind of pleasure is for people like me and
my fiance.�

The humping
motion stopped and the girl looked up into the eyes above the camera. The
girl�s face was frozen and vacant. Her stare was still as her movement learned
that it lacked absolutely the first motion to make within circumstance entirely
out of her influence, harsh and perfectly unwavering. When the entire futility
dawned on her the girl looked back down and stared forward into the area of her
sister�s stomach. Faintly beneath the surrender on her face were the first
pangs of disappointment. The pangs had nowhere to go. The stillness continued.
The vacancy of the girl�s face looked inhuman. The video cut to noise and the
older sister shut it off.

The older
woman was standing behind the camcorder. The red light was on. The recording
had begun. The older sister was standing before the younger sister. �I�m
pregnant,� the older sister said. �We�re finally having kids. Can�t have you
eating out of your dog bowl with the kid around. And you�re certainly not going
to go to anyone else. You were a good girl, know that. You were just like you
were supposed to be.�

�Heidi...� 

�Sssshh,�
the older sister cut her off. �Be a good girl until the end.�

The younger
sister didn�t say anything. It wasn�t clear whether it was obedience or she was
nonplussed. The older sister didn�t leave time for it to clarify. Before the
girl�s pause could conclude the older sister pushed the cart away. 

The girl�s
body dropped and bounced slightly and the guttural sounds were hardly audible
above the quiet ringing of the bells. The girl�s face darkened with redness.
The face didn�t have any way of moving apart from its synchrony with the
movement of the rope. The only expression the girl could manage was through her
eyes and their expression was too minimal to convey anything unambiguous. But
the audience didn�t seem to be translating. The older sister looked cool, the
man was smoking another cigarette and the older woman was focused on the
camera.

The older
sister pushed the girl lightly with her index finger on the inside of the
girl�s breast. The swaying that resulted could be offset only a little by what
amount the girl�s body managed to jerk. Lines of blood mixed with lines of
tears. They collected and dropped from the bottom of the girl�s knees. The
droplets left a dotted line of bloody tears underneath the girl�s swaying. 

At the
start of her hanging the girl�s eyes had continued to look at her sister.
Eventually they dropped and began becoming blank. The allowed struggling weakened
and finally the eyes set and became their final blankness, a blankness even
more absolute than the default blankness that had set in over the years. The
swaying stopped and it became clear there was nothing left. The body was a
body. No one in the room noticed the usual profundity that real death demands.
None of them seemed very affected. It was more like a good watch had finally
stopped ticking. Now the watch had to be disposed of.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dylan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





