BDSM Library - Wearing The Tube




Wearing The Tube
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband has to wear a chastity tube while his wife dates a black man







   My wife Kathy is getting ready for her date tonight

 
   jim
  Normal
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-05-15T23:44:00Z
  2006-05-15T23:44:00Z
  1
  2236
  12747
   
  106
  29
  14954
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� My wife Kathy is
getting ready for her date tonight. Yes, she�s my wife and you read that
correct! A date with another man!

&nbsp;

�� Kathy�s been
getting ready for this date all afternoon! She was in the tub for over an hour.
I helped my wife with her nails and painted them, a bright red color. Kathy
told me that Hank loved seeing them painted a bright red.

&nbsp;

� I saw the dress
laying on the bed. It was pink! It was a thin cotton material and had buttons
along the front. My guess would be so it wouldn�t be hard getting undressed
when she met her lover tonight.

&nbsp;

� Would she be home
tonight? Screw him in our bed? Maybe she wouldn�t come home at all this
weekend! 

&nbsp;

� What did Hank look
like? She wouldn�t tell me! Kathy said it was a surprise and I could wait to
meet him. Kathy likes to tease me, playing with my balls and rubbing her thumb
on the head of my dick!

&nbsp;

� Yes, she laughs�
at it but loves to tease it! Kathy loves to tease� the head of it. She can�t touch the rest! At
least until she takes it out of its steel tube! 

&nbsp;

� Yes. I�m
embarrassed to talk about the tube! Kathy bought it for my last birthday. It�s
made from stainless steel and has a curve keeping me from getting an erection.
It has a steel loop that locks around my balls.

&nbsp;

� Kathy put a little
lock on it and she keeps the key inside her purse. I know, it sounds very mean
but I�m the one that asked my wife to buy it. Yes, it was all my idea!

&nbsp;

� When I had
finished painting my wife�s nails, she played with my balls for a few minutes
this afternoon. I felt like exploding but all I could do was watch the tension
building up in my balls and watch my dick drip clear fluid from its head.

&nbsp;

� Kathy takes the
tube off a couple times a month, maybe more. It depends on if she has time to
allow me to cum. Well, I don�t exactly cum the ay most men cum. She does
something to me called milking!

&nbsp;

� I remember the
first time I wore the tube and Kathy took it off for the first time after three
weeks. I wanted to cum so bad that my dick was dripping from the excitement.
Yes, I thought we were going to screw that night but Kathy had a new idea she
learned form one of her friends.

&nbsp;

� She scared me
because she handcuffed my hands to the end of the bed while I stood naked and
waited to see what she was going to do next.

&nbsp;

�� She pulled up a
little stool between me and the bed and placed a small amount of ice inside a
bowl. She had sewn a little pouch where she could fill it with ice and placed
it around my dick Oh my God was it cold!

&nbsp;

� Kathy had me bend
over forward until I felt her hand probing around my ass! She had put on a
rubber glove and dipped her index finger in a jar of petroleum jelly. I have to
admit that when I felt her finger inside my ass it turned me on! 

&nbsp;

� She continued to
probe around until I felt something a little strange but it felt pleasurable.
Kathy told me she was giving me a prostrate massage and wanted me to imagine
that I was watching her screw another man while she kept probing with her
finger.

&nbsp;

� The feeling was
sensational and within minutes, my dick began leaking as if I were having an
orgasm. It felt so strange and I was relieved but at the same time I felt so
unfulfilled.����� 

&nbsp;

� It took my wife
over an hour to finish milking me that day and I�ve been getting these done now
every other week. Kathy always wipes my dick clean with soap and water before
putting the ice back on causing it to shrink down in size again which allows
her to place the tube back on with ease.

&nbsp;

� The tube keeps my
dick bent at a forty-five-degree angle at all times but I can still rub the
head with my finger. I hope that someday I�ll be able to make myself cum but so
far no luck.

&nbsp;

� I can smell the
sweat scent of Kathy�s perfume now! She must be getting close to being done now.


&nbsp;

� I walked into the
bedroom and found Kathy sitting on the edge of the bed putting the little strap
around her ankle. The heels must have been five inches tall and pointed!

&nbsp;

� Kathy had already
put her pink dress on and I noticed how short and revealing it was on her.
There were about fifteen buttons along the front holding it together. The
cleavage was very low and I could see more than half of my wife�s tits exposed.

&nbsp;

� Kathy finished
buckling the little heel straps and stood up in front of the bed fluffing out
her hair and asked me how she looked. As always, I told her how beautiful she
looked and told Kathy how much I liked her new dress.

&nbsp;

� She was wearing a
very bright red lipstick and kissed me on the cheek before picking up her purse
and walked out of the bedroom. She told me she might be home that night but not
to worry if she wasn�t back until the next afternoon.

&nbsp;

� I watched as she
walked out the front door and watched her car until she turned the corner over
a black away from our house. This was the tough part about allowing Kathy to
date other men. Waiting and wondering if she was going to come home that night.

&nbsp;

�� I have to admit
that not only I�m I worried about Kathy but I�m also very excited wondering
what might be going on at that moment. I at dinner and waited, it was all I
could do and before long it was dark and getting late.

&nbsp;

� I was ready to go
to bed when I saw headlights pull into the driveway. I hurried to the front
window and saw that it was Kathy�s car.

&nbsp;

� I heard the door
shut, than another door shut. My heart began beating much faster as I realized
that Kathy had brought Hank home with her. Yes, I would meet him! See the man
my wife decided to date! 

&nbsp;

� I wondered what
she told him? Did she tell him the truth about being a cuckold? Did she tell
him I wore a chastity tube? What would he think of me?

&nbsp;

� Kathy had told me
that if she ever decided to bring a guy home that she wanted me to stay in the
guests� bedroom unless she called me out to meet her date. I ran into that
bedroom and waited. 

&nbsp;

� I could hear them
talking and laughing. He had a very deep voice and heard him talking to my wife
as if she were his girlfriend. Well, she was!

&nbsp;

� I was laying on the
bed waiting for more than an hour when the door opened and Kathy walked into
the bedroom. A few of the buttons had been undone on her dress leaving her tits
mostly exposed as she leaned down and kissed me on the lips.

&nbsp;

� She asked me to
come into the master bedroom and watch but I had to be naked and she wanted me
to stand along the edge of the bed.

&nbsp;

� My heart was
racing as I got up out of the bed and followed Kathy into our room. She lay on
the bed and scooted into the center and leaned on one arm while she waited for
Hank to return from the bathroom. 

&nbsp;

� The door opened
and my heart sank as a huge black man walked into the bedroom. He extended his
arm out to me to shack his hand. His hand was twice the size as mine. I must
have appeared very pathetic standing naked wearing the bright silver tube on my
dick.

&nbsp;

� I saw him glance
at the tube but only cracked a smile as he turned toward my wife and got onto
the bed next to her. They began kissing and I watched as he spread open my
wife�s dress and pulled it off her shoulders as they continued kissing.

&nbsp;

� Kathy was fumbling
with his pants and got it loose and helped him pull them down his massive legs.
She gave them to me so I laid them across the arm of a chair and watched as she
slept his shirt off. 

&nbsp;

� He was jet black
in color and built solid and dwarfed my wife in size. Hank had taken the last
buttons apart and was slipping my wife�s dress off completely leaving her
naked.

� She wasn�t wearing
any panties or bra so I watched as Hank stoked my wife�s bare pussy with his
large black hand using his finger to probe her pussy lips apart. Kathy was
moaning as Hank played with her pussy and I could see my wife rocking her hips
back and forth along his thick finger.

&nbsp;

� Hank was still
wearing silk boxer shorts but I could see his massive cock sticking out of the
thin material. My wife pulled the boxer shorts off his legs and I saw the
largest cock spring free I ever saw in my life!

&nbsp;

� It was thick and
maybe nine inches long, I�m not sure other than the fact it looked huge. Kathy
wrapped her dainty white fingers around the thick shaft and bent down and
kissed the head.

&nbsp;

� Hank leaned back
on the pillow as my wife began sucking him. He turned his head toward me and
motioned for me to stand closer to the bed so I moved. Kathy was working her
mouth lovingly around the shaft as she held hands with Hank and adjusted her
legs so she could lay on her side facing me.

&nbsp;

� Kathy�s mouth was
making wet sounds as she sucked on the huge black cock. I put my own hand on my
balls feeling them tense up from the pressure. I hadn�t been milked in over a
week so the pressure was great!

&nbsp;

� The contrast
between my wife�s pale white skin against Hank�s jet black skin was
unbelievable! Kathy had her left hand wrapped around the massive shaft with her
wedding ring glistening in the light of the room.

&nbsp;

� It just looked so
exciting seeing her diamond ring and her dainty white fingers wrapped around
another man�s cock! A huge jet black man�s cock!

&nbsp;

� Kathy sucked his
cock lovingly for almost thirty minutes. She kept opening her eyes and looking
straight into mine in different positions. Sometimes her mouth would be full
and sometimes she would be licking the huge head of his cock.

&nbsp;

� It was so erotic
watching my wife making love to that huge cock!�
Kathy turned one more time and smiled at me as she climbed on top of his
legs and straddled the big man and took the huge cock into her little white
hand and helped Hank guide it into her tight pussy.

&nbsp;

� She was wet and
excited and I saw how her pussy lips stretched out over the huge head. Kathy
rocked herself back and forth sending a fraction of the large head into her
pussy each time she moved.

&nbsp;

� Hank was arching
his hips up to meet her strokes and I stood on the edge of the bed and watched
that massive cock disappear inside my wife�s pussy. Within second�s she had
taken about half of the big cock inside her pussy. She was stretched out like a
tight rubber band around his cock.

&nbsp;

�� Kathy took hold
of both of his hands and held them in her own as she rocked her hips above the
huge man below her. Her eyes were closed as Hank began arching his hips up
further sending more of his cock inside my wife.

&nbsp;

� Kathy was rotating
her hips as she rode his huge cock. I could hear the wet sucking sounds coming
from my wife�s pussy as she continued to ride that huge cock.

&nbsp;

� I watched as my
wife leaned forward allowing her large tits to hang out in front of Hank�s face
and saw him begin licking the nipples. He looked like a little kid licking a
lollipop. He bit each of my wife�s nipples causing her to shiver and moan. I
saw her ass cheeks begin to quiver and I knew that Kathy was having her first
orgasm.

&nbsp;

� Hand held onto
Kathy�s ass while she experienced her first orgasm keeping her from dislodging
his cock from her tight pussy. She was screaming and I hoped the neighbors
didn�t hear my wife as I watched Hank continue driving his huge cock deep
inside my wife.

&nbsp;

� Kathy reached out
and played with my balls as she rode Hank�s cock and leaned over to kiss me. It
felt so strange kissing my wife as I could feel her body moving around above
this huge man.

&nbsp;

� Kathy probed her
tongue into my mouth and I could feel each thrust that Hank made into my wife
with my mouth locked to her mouth. 

&nbsp;

� Kathy stopped
kissing me as she rolled over onto her back and motioned to Hank to mount her.
Hank plunged his massive cock back into my wife and began screwing her hard
sending her ass deep into the mattress.

&nbsp;

� The bed was
shacking now as Hank began screwing my wife harder. Kathy locked her ankles
around Hank and that�s when I saw the little cuckold ankle bracelet I had
bought her the month before.

&nbsp;

� It was so arousing
watching my wife getting screwed by this man above her. He was so large
compared to my wife.� She resembled a
little girl!

&nbsp;

� Hank was groaning
and sending his huge body down onto my wife now and I knew it wouldn�t be long
before he shot his load of seed inside my wife. My God! Black baby making seed!
What if Kathy�s pills didn�t work? There was always a chance of getting
pregnant!

&nbsp;

� My wife! Knocked
up with a black baby! What would we do? What would everyone think of my wife?
God, it was so exciting thinking about my wife getting knocked up by this man!

&nbsp;

� It made me think
for a moment of the little game Kathy and I played. She would have me give her
the pill every morning! Her birth control pills! Yes. Every morning I would
give my wife one of those pills. She was making me be the responsible person to
make sure she didn�t get knocked up!

�� It was simply a
game to enhance our little agreement! It was all in fun! It enhanced our little
mind game to the extreme! 

&nbsp;

� What if I forgot?
What if she didn�t remind me? What if I decided to forget one of those pills?
Maybe I could tell Kathy she already took it? How about two pills? Maybe three
pills? Skip a day or two all month long?

&nbsp;

� What would happen
if she missed her period?! The ultimate high! Pregnant with a black baby! Not
my baby but the baby of this man screwing my wife at this very moment!

&nbsp;

� I cleared my mind
and got back to watching my wife take this huge man inside her pussy. He was
grunting now and I could see his movement change as she began flexing his hips
and took a couple last strokes before plowing into my wife one more time and
let out a load groan when he shot his load.

&nbsp;

� I stood watching
Hank shoot his load into my wife�s belly knowing that it was hitting her
uterus. I knew he was inside her further than I ever was and knew at that
moment his seed was filling her pussy.

&nbsp;

� Hank kept moving
his cock into my wife slowly for a couple minutes. I knew his thick cock was
pushing his seed to it�s deepest. Kathy�s ankles were still locked around
Hank�s ass while they kissed and he stopped moving. 

&nbsp;

� They remained in
that position while they kissed for ten minutes until Hank finally pulled his
huge cock out of my wife. He was still hard and his cock was covered with
wetness from my wife and himself.

&nbsp;

� Kathy quickly
grabbed a pillow, shoving it underneath her ass elevating it higher so Hank�s
cum would remain inside.

&nbsp;

� Kathy smiled at me
and motioned to me to come and lay next to her on the other side of the bed.

Hank got up and walked into the bathroom as I climbed next
to my wife and we began kissing. She asked me if I was enjoying the show and I
told her that I was while we kissed.

&nbsp;

� Kathy knew what I
wanted to do next so I climbed down between her legs and began licking her pussy
clean. This was the first time I had licked her pussy clean right after sh had
been screwed by another man.

&nbsp;

� The last time I
cleaned Kathy�s pussy is when she went out on a date and came home after
screwing the guy in the car.

&nbsp;

� To be
continued..............

&nbsp;

� Hope you enjoyed
reading the story about my sister, if you would like to read her bio than
please visit my web site at www.karenkayonline.com

���� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Karen Kay


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





