BDSM Library - Mel and the Sadist




Mel and the Sadist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sadistic man tells his story of how he met, befriended and turned a girl into a sex-slave.







This is a tale I wrote some time ago

 
  God
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-05-18T16:43:00Z
  2006-05-18T16:43:00Z
  1
  3507
  19993
  Gods
  166
  46
  23454
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








This is a
tale I wrote some time ago. Recently, I re-read it and decided to have it
published in the BDSM Library. Of course, I gave it a quick edit. I hope I
managed to catch most of my mistakes. 

&nbsp;

I�m not
certain how it compares to my writing these days but, considering the amount of
E-Mail I have been getting, I thought it might be enjoyable to find out what my
readers thought of this tale. If it is well received I plan to write a sequel
that I have had planned for some time now. I just hope it doesn�t suck.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mel and
the Sadist � Part 1

&nbsp;

Let me
start my telling you that I am not a nice guy. I am a sadist. I like to watch
others suffer and I like to make others suffer. I don't mean that I like to
watch people get hurt or to whip someone. I mean that I like to watch
profoundly deep emotional and physical suffering. 

&nbsp;

Outwardly,
and as a friend, I am one of the nicest people that you will find. I am loyal
to a fault and I always try to treat others with respect and kindness. However,
when it comes to the women that I am with, I like to make them suffer. 

&nbsp;

The
things that I am about to tell you are just a few examples of the type of
suffering that I enjoy.

&nbsp;

It was
about 4 years ago that I met a girl by the name of Melanie. She has been my
favorite person to torture over the years. I make pretty good use out of her,
too.

&nbsp;

Melanie
is about five feet ten inches tall. When we met, she had a nice figure - not
perfect but nice. Her chest was above average, though I can't speak for the cup
size since I never checked. She had a small and rather long waist and her legs
are quite long and shapely. Her most striking feature was her surprisingly
large ass, being as long and lean as she is. Her hair was also quite beautiful;
long, curly and brown, reaching to her waist. All in all, she was quite a
beauty.

&nbsp;

I met her
at an amusement park. She was the girlfriend of one of my buddy�s friends. She
and I got on rather well and became friends, of a sort. Mostly, I was her
&quot;girlfriend&quot;. That is, she told me all of her problems and I helped
her solve them.

&nbsp;

It was
about 3 years ago that things changed for us. She called me on the phone asking
if she could come over to my place. As it turns out she had just broken up with
her boyfriend and was pretty miserable. Of course, I told her to come over.
And, I must say, I had no ill intentions or thoughts other than to comfort her
as a friend.

&nbsp;

That
night she complained to me about all the bullshit that is common in
relationships. Especially, she complained about the sex. She was 19 years old
and not ready to have sex with her boyfriend of 6 weeks. Her boyfriend was not
satisfied with just getting blowjobs anymore. It was not a tenable situation.
She slept in my arms that night.

&nbsp;

It was
the next morning, when she and I began talking at breakfast, that I discovered
something I had not noticed about her, despite all of our previous
conversations. It turns out that she has a submissive streak a mile wide and
has given a blowjob to almost every guy that she has dated. She told me she
felt obligated.

&nbsp;

Of
course, I was a bit aroused by this little bit of information. Still, I was her
friend and, despite being attracted to her, I felt that I had to be a good guy
and let her vent. And so, she told me all of her sexual history.

&nbsp;

It really
wasn't much to talk about. I learned that she gave blowjobs, hated to swallow
cum or even taste it. She couldn't deep throat despite her best efforts and she
felt very intimidated by the whole &quot;sex thing&quot;, as she put it.
Furthermore, she had never had an orgasm and didn't know if she could have one
at all. What it came down to was that she did not like sex but felt an
overpowering urge to please the man she was with.

&nbsp;

Later
that night I took her to dinner. We had a nice night at a nice restaurant. We
laughed, had a few beers and made general ass�s of ourselves. Then we came back
to my place. As soon as we sat down on the couch she unzipped my pants and
started giving me a blowjob. 

&nbsp;

Then, as
if to prove what she told me earlier about not liking to swallow, she pulled
away just as I came. I didn't really mind her pulling away though. I was not
expecting to get a blowjob at all. 

&nbsp;

For most
of the night I just held her and listened to her troubles. She cried and told
me about all of the things in her life that made her feel inferior and sad and
insecure. She rambled on and on about her parents and her ex-boyfriends and the
like.� Basically, it was the same
bullshit that every teenager feels - at 13 years old. She was way behind the
curve emotionally. Fortunately, for me, she was eager to make others happy.

&nbsp;

For the
next week she stayed at my house, only going to her apartment to get a few
things. I didn't pressure her to do anything at all. Still, she gave a blowjob
almost every night. I will say that she was quite adept and giving blowjobs but
I really hated her pulling away at the last moment. But who looks a gift horse
in the mouth?

&nbsp;

Finally,
she decided she didn't need to stay with me and that she was over the
depression and disappointment at the loss of her boyfriend. So, she packed up
her few belongings and left for home.

&nbsp;

As it
turns out, she was wrong about not needing to stay with me. She called me
almost immediately after she arrived home. During our brief chat, she told me
that she missed me. Then she asked if she could come back �just for a little
while�. I fought her off a bit, eventually caving in. 

&nbsp;

This was
the point in our relationship when my little �friend switch� kicked over and I
slid her into the �just another chick to fuck with� category. It was the start
of a beautiful relationship.

&nbsp;

Mel
arrived at the door 10 minutes after we were off the phone. As I expected, she
began giving me a blowjob shortly after arriving. This time, however, I told
her that if she was going to do this that she was going to have to swallow. And
when she said &quot;No&quot; I made her stop.

&nbsp;

That
garnered a predictable reaction � she cried and complained. Then she let it all
out about how inferior she was and how she couldn't please me or any man and
all sorts of bullshit that I didn't really listen to. Still, I did the
comforting routine, even as the gears were grinding away at ways to take
advantage of the situation.

&nbsp;

After she
calmed down I pushed her head down into my lap and had her suck my cock. As I
did so, I told her how she was going to take my cum in
her mouth and how she was going to swallow it. Her response was a simple
full-mouthed &quot;Mmm, hmm.&quot; and a tiny nod.

&nbsp;

For the
next 30 minutes she sucked my cock. I made her take long slow strokes and then
short fast strokes with her mouth. For much of the blowjob I allowed her to use
her hands. Other moments she had to hold her hands behind her back as I pushed
her head up and down on my cock.

&nbsp;

When I
came I held her head down on my cock, pulling her all the way down my shaft as
I squirted into her mouth. And then, even after I was done, I told her not to
move back and to keep sucking without moving anything but her tongue. I watched
her grimace around my cock as she swallowed the congealing liquid that she had
tried not to swallow.

&nbsp;

Finally,
after my cock was soft and the fluid had stop flowing
from my cock, I allowed her to pull away. When she started to the bathroom to
rinse out her mouth I stopped her. Then I told her that I didn�t want her to
rinse her mouth. I told her that it was insulting. I also told her that, if she
did rinse out, it would be the last blowjob she would give me. As predicted,
she stayed put.

&nbsp;

The next
week or so followed in similar form. She would go home and then return to my
house and give me a blowjob. 

&nbsp;

Eventually,
I decided to make better use of her. Blowjobs are nice but they aren't
everything. Besides the sadist in me was getting edgy and wanted to come out
from under the bed. I wanted to see how much humiliation she could take.

&nbsp;

It was
about the 7th week of all of this that I told her I didn't want to do this. I
told her that we were friends and shouldn't be doing things like this.
�Besides�, I told her, �blowjobs are nice. But I like things a bit down and
dirty. I could never expect you to be the kind of woman I need.�� I also tied in the quality of our friendship
and how I wouldn�t want to take a chance at ruining it.

&nbsp;

I didn't
much care if we weren't friends. I just wanted to manipulate her. Hell, I
figured that the worst scenario was that I would still get an occasional
blowjob. If, on the other hand, things went the way I expected,� I could take out my
sadistic tendencies on her. As it turned out, my sadistic tendencies were a
winner.

&nbsp;

She began
crying. And then she told me how she had come to care for me and needed me as
more than a friend. She told me how she liked to please me, even if it meant
she had to do things she didn't enjoy, like swallowing my cum
when she gave me a blow job. Then she begged me to reconsider us as more than
friends. Besides, she explained, we were ideal for each other since we had
started out as friends.

&nbsp;

It was a
load of shit, but what could I do? I had her right where I wanted, after all.
And so, I told her not to worry. I told her that if she really wanted to be
with me that I would give it a try. I told her a lot of other bullshit, ending
it with a simple &quot;...and I hope it won't ruin us as friends.&quot; And
that is when we started on my little trip down my special, sadistic path.

&nbsp;

Almost
immediately I started mistreating the poor girl. I didn't beat her or anything.
I just used her guilt, her need for approval and her submissive tendencies to
my advantage. I also took care to push her to those areas that she was less
than fond of. 

&nbsp;

One of
the first chores I assigned her was to remove all of her body hair. I presented
her with a trimmer, a razor, and some very good shaving cream designed to
prevent razor burn. She wasn�t particularly happy with this arrangement since
it meant she had to shave her arms, legs and that lovely little bush between
her legs. Still, she shaved without a fight. The one time she missed a spot was
the last. The guilt trip I provided her with was enough to make certain of
that.

&nbsp;

We had a
lot of talks early on. She thought it was because I really cared and wanted to
be sure about us. She was always worried that I was ready to end things and was
always ready to talk. Truth be told, I just wanted to know how far I could push
her and how far she had already gone. As it turns out, not only did her
personal issues allow me to completely dominate her, but I was also able to
drive her into a more needy emotional level. 

&nbsp;

Putting
my control over her to work, one night, I decided to bind her to my bed. She
was not happy about it but still suffered it with fair stoicism. 

&nbsp;

I applied
leather cuffs to each wrist and ankle and then applied a nylon strap to the
corners of my bed and each cuff. Then I cranked the nylon straps tight,
stretching her to the point of pain. In fact, it was her cries of pain that
told me that I had tightened her enough. And, though I really didn't care, I
asked her if I should loosen her a little, telling her that I wouldn't want to
hurt her - not really - and if she really needed me to loosen her up and let
her go that I would. Of course, she declined, preferring to please me.

&nbsp;

Soon
after, I climbed up onto the bed and straddled her face. Already hard, I
unzipped my fly and pushed my cock into her mouth, sliding clear to the back of
her throat, only pulling back as she gagged. Still, I wasn't easy on her.� .

&nbsp;

She
gagged, coughed and sputtered here and there, tears flowing from her eyes, but
I never stopped forcing my cock into her throat. Amazingly, she never stopped
trying to suck me. Soon, I filled her mouth with cum, making her choke and
cough with a whole new enthusiasm. Watching her cough up my
cum was almost comical.

&nbsp;

Seeing
her suffering, coughing and her face dripping in coughed up cum, excited me
further. Generously, I used my cock to wipe the cum
from her face and into her mouth. More than anything it spread it all around
her face, giving her a sort of glow that can only be achieved with severe
discomfort and disgust.

&nbsp;

After I
was done with her for that moment I dressed and left the bedroom, heading to
the living room to watch TV. As I left her, I told her to remain quiet until I
told her she could talk again. About an hour later I returned to her stretched
body. She was red faced and sweaty. Clearly she was in pain. I could see the
tendons in her limbs, tight and straining under her skin. She looked to me as
if to ask for release. Still, she said nothing, obeying me as I hoped she
would. 

&nbsp;

I
undressed and climbed onto the bed to lie on her stretched body. My body weight
combined with the painful bondage must have been terribly painful. Still, she
said nothing, whimpering through the pain.

&nbsp;

I began
rubbing my hardening cock between her legs. At long last, I thrust inside her
nearly dry cunt. I fucked her hard, eliciting more pain filled moans. From time
to time I climbed off of her to straddle her face and push my cock into her
mouth. She grimaced each time, disliking being forced to taste her own juices.
As for me, I savored every moment of discomfort that I gave her.

&nbsp;

I was
near to climaxing after only a short time, knowing how disgusted she was at
having to taste her own juices. I must say that the site of her lips wrapped
around my cock as I thrust into her mouth was almost too much for me to take.
Still, I managed to hold back, wanting to savor this torture.

&nbsp;

Finally,
after an hour of fucking her pussy and mouth I was ready. Pulling out of her, I
grabbed hold of my cock and stroked the rest of my way to climax. Moments
later, I was squirting cum onto her belly and chest. When I was spent, I rubbed
my cock across her body, spreading my jizz as much as possible. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
I released her from her bondage and let her use the bathroom. I ordered her not
to wash her face or anyplace that I had cum. Her look told me that she was not
too pleased with the command. The sweat and cum that remained on her face and
belly when she exited the bathroom were the evidence of her submission to my
command.� 

&nbsp;

The next
few months played out very similarly. Sometimes I would cum on her body and
other times I would cum in her mouth or on her face. Never once was she allowed
to clean herself after I was through, always having to spend her night covered
in our sweat and, often, my cum.

&nbsp;

During
that period of time she did manage to learn to take my cock into her throat
without choking. I made certain to utilize that to my advantage. Many were the
times that I fucked her throat, sliding in and out as if it were her pussy.
Though she never complained, it was clear that she never liked having to
swallow my cum or have it cover her body for the
entire night.

&nbsp;

Weekends
were the worst for her, I think. On those days I did not have to work so I
could abuse her in the mornings. Often, I would pull out of her mouth or pussy
and shoot my semen on her face and not allow her to clean it up, forcing her to
wear my cum for entire days at a time. 

&nbsp;

There
were even a few occasions when I made her suck my cock in the car on the way to
breakfast. Those days I would make certain she had a fresh layer of cum on her
face when we entered a local eatery. Sometimes people would notice, especially if she had a particularly large dab of cum on
her face. Other times no one would notice. Either way, she was thoroughly
humiliated.

&nbsp;

The next
little perversion that I tried on her was to make her fuck me with her ass. She
was not happy with that. She wasn�t particularly cooperative, either. Well, at
least, not at first.

&nbsp;

I was
talking to her one night after dinner. She was between my legs giving me my
standard after-dinner-blowjob. I was talking about wanting to try different
things. That's when I told her that it was time for her to learn to like
getting ass fucked.

&nbsp;

So, I
pushed her away and told her to go get something to lubricate her ass with.
That got her to talking fast and hard. She told me how there was no way she was
going to let me fuck her ass and she was not about to get any lubrication!
According to her, I could just forget about the whole idea!

&nbsp;

I think I
smiled at her. &quot;I'll be right back, honey&quot; I told her as I left the
room, &quot;Be naked when I get back.&quot;

&nbsp;

A few
moments later, when I returned, she was naked, as I had told her. Her eyes grew
wide when she saw the can of lard that I was carrying. &quot;What's the lard
for?&quot; she asked.

&nbsp;

She knew
exactly what it was for and I didn't offer anything other than some quiet
commands. &quot;I want you to go around to the back of the couch. Then I want
you to bend over and grab hold of the couch back. I am going to fuck you up the
ass. Do you understand?&quot; I asked.

&nbsp;

She
nodded �No� at the same time that she complied with my order. It was funny to
hear her tell me how she would not allow me to fuck her ass while complying
with my orders. 

&nbsp;

To be
quite honest, I was surprised that I did not have to tie her down. That she was
obeying me as she fought was of great pleasure to me. Never before had I been
with a woman who was so compliant as she was. Though I
had gauged her as being submissive and needy to extremes, I had no idea that
she would be so compliant at this stage of the game.

&nbsp;

Casually,
I walked over behind her and sat the can of lard down on her back. She was
rattling on and on about how she wouldn�t allow me to fuck her ass and how I
�had another thing coming� if I thought I was going to shove my cock up her
ass. But, when I pulled the cheeks of her ass wide and pushed my finger into
her ass, she shut up, gasping in shock. 

&nbsp;

Pulling
my finger out of her ass I dipped it into the can of lard, pulling out a large
dollop and spread it over her asshole. She gasped again, complaining and
telling me that I was not going to fuck her ass &quot;no matter what I
thought!&quot;

&nbsp;

After
greasing her asshole with lard I pushed my finger back into her ass. She pulled
her right hand from the couch, toppling the can of lard from her back, and
yanked my finger from her hole. She looked into my eyes and told me that that
was enough and that she was done with this.

&nbsp;

I hardly
moved. I merely stared back at her and told her to put her hand back on the
couch immediately. She didn't move, still staring me down. 

&nbsp;

�NOW!� I told her. �Put your hand back on the couch.� 

&nbsp;

She
looked shocked as she let go of my hand and turned back to face the couch. It
was all that I could do to keep from giggling like a child with a new toy. 

&nbsp;

I bent
down and picked the can of lard up, setting it on her back, and continued with
my intentions. For the next several minutes I slid my fingers in and out of her
ass, greasing her up with more and more lard. 

&nbsp;

Her
constant chatter only increased my excitement as every word from her mouth
detailed how I was not going to accomplish what I was, obviously, about to
accomplish. All the while, she stood, bent over and grasping the couch in
obeisance to my orders.

&nbsp;

By the
time she was greased up to my satisfaction I was ready to burst. I had been so
excited at her protesting cooperation that I was close to orgasm without even
getting my cock inside of her. 

She was
still going on about how she did not want her ass fucked and how she was not
going to let me fuck her ass when I pulled the can of lard off of her back and
put it on the ground beside her. 

&nbsp;

Soon as
the can was on the floor I began removing my pants. She was still chattering at
me about how I could fuck her pussy or her mouth but never her ass. Still, she
was bent over, lubricated and ripe for the taking.

&nbsp;

I stood
behind her with my cock in my lard-covered hand, stroking myself. I looked up from
her ass to see her looking back at me rattling on and on. Then, I pressed my
cock against her closed and well-greased asshole and pushed in. She stopped
talking immediately, sucking in air and throwing her head back and forth.� A sudden &quot;NO!&quot; screamed out of her
as I pulled back and began fucking her.

&nbsp;

I grabbed
her hips and began thrusting in long and slow motions. She looked back at me,
tears in her eyes and begged me to stop. �Please, I�ll do anything if you stop�
she begged. 

&nbsp;

I stopped
moving.� Her begging had only made this
more enticing but my sadistic streak was aroused again. Standing behind her
with my cock in her ass, not moving I told her that if she wanted I would not
fuck her ass. Instead, I told her, she could fuck me with her ass. 

&nbsp;

Then, I
slapped her posterior and commanded she begin fucking me. �Now.�
I hissed at her. She sniffed. Then, she bowed her head down to the couch back
and started to work. 

&nbsp;

I watched
as her ass slide back and forth over my cock, making it disappear inside of her
only to re-appear instants later. I watched the tears flow from her eyes when
she would turn her head towards me and beg me to let her stop fucking me. I
almost shot my load right there but I managed to hold back, even as she obeyed
my command to fuck me harder.

&nbsp;

Eventually,
I pulled from her ass and walked into the bedroom, pulling her by the hand.
Then I lay on the bed and told her to straddle me facing my feet. Once she was
straddling me I told her to sit up, take my cock in her hand and slide it in her
ass. She did so, crying and begging not to do it. Then I made her fuck me
again.

&nbsp;

After
only a few minutes I had her bouncing on my cock, crying and begging to stop,
telling me how much it hurt. Still, I was relentless. Really, there was no way,
at this point, that I could have stopped, even if I wanted to do so.

&nbsp;

She hated
it. She hated thrusting her ass down on my cock. She hated the pain and the
degradation of it all. She begged to stop, crying and asking why I would make
her do something so painful and awful. And the more she begged and cried the
more excited I got.

&nbsp;

I made
her lay down on top of me and then I rolled us over so that I was on top of
her. Now it was me who was fucking her. And then, too soon, it was over. I
climaxed hard, jabbing my cock deeper into her ass. She cried out in pain from
my sudden spasms that jerked her ass up and down. And then, I filled her ass
with cum.

&nbsp;

For the
next several minutes we didn't move.�
Finally, my cock had grown limp and I rolled off of her. Mel, humiliated
and broken, lay still and quiet but for the soft sobs emanating from her.

&nbsp;

It's a
fine line that people like me walk. People like me tend to humiliate people
beyond their boundaries and give them a good mind fuck that is generally
damaging to their psyches. The fine line is in the knowing where to stop and
how far to push a particular individual. This night, I gambled that I could
push further.

&nbsp;

She was
lying on her side. I noticed that there was fluid coming from out of her ass.
It was cum mixed with lard and whatever the hell else resides in there. Softly,
I reached out and rubbed my finger in the liquid. Then, I slipped closer, put
my arm around her and then slipped that finger in her mouth.

&nbsp;

I must
have done it 3 times when she finally wondered what I was doing. I will tell
you that she was not pleased when I told her. Frankly, I didn't give a rat's
ass. I knew that I could do anything to her, at this point, and it wouldn't
matter. She needed me and she was going to do whatever I wanted her to do. Tonight
had proven her vulnerability to me. 

&nbsp;

Sure she
might protest. But I knew she would not stop me with anything I wanted to do.
It's good being a crutch for a submissive woman with an inferiority complex.














Mel and the Sadist � Part 2

 
  God
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-05-23T22:32:00Z
  2006-05-23T22:32:00Z
  1
  1776
  10126
  Gods
  84
  23
  11879
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Mel and
the Sadist � Part 2

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I didn't
fuck her ass for about a week after that first time. I wanted to give her a
little time to soak it up. She told me that the whole ordeal made feel ashamed.
She told me a lot of other bullshit too. I didn't care. But I did want to work
it a bit. So, rather than just jump right back I worked it, telling her there
was no shame in what we did, while encouraging her to feel shame in subtle
ways. 

&nbsp;

When I
did finally fuck her ass again it was very similar to the first time. She
protested and complained. But, in the end � that�s a pun - she still took it up
her ass like I knew she would. 

&nbsp;

Pretty
soon, I was fucking her ass every night, despite her protests. And, disgusted
as she was by eating cum from her ass the first time, she never failed to eat
it when offered. 

&nbsp;

One of
the most surprising twists in our �relationship� was her lack of fire when I
would fuck her ass and then her mouth, alternating back and forth. In fact,
there was not even a tiny bit of protest when I began having her clean my cock
after cumming in her ass.� That was a bit of a disappointment. Still, I
had a little thrill knowing she hated doing it.

&nbsp;

I am not
certain how long we were in this little routine but it was for a few months, at
least. She never liked getting ass fucked or eating cum, whether it was fresh
from my cock or fresh from her ass. Still, there was never any more protest
than a groan of disdain. 

&nbsp;

Something
that I found interesting was that she could never cum from sex. It didn't
matter how long I took or what I did, she couldn't cum vaginally or anally. In
fact, she told me, at some point, that she never liked how sex felt and that it
always caused her discomfort. The only way she had ever cum was through
clitoral stimulus with a vibrator.

&nbsp;

I don't
have a vibrator. I never bought her one. Really, her admission of her feelings
toward sex only made things more enjoyable for me.

&nbsp;

Eventually,
I decided to try more ways to humiliate her. So, I took her out into my back
yard and had her strip. As she was stripping I told her exactly what I was
going to do. She protested as heartily as she
protested her first ass fucking, even telling me she wouldn�t cooperate. Of
course, just like that first ass fuck, she did exactly what she was told. 

&nbsp;

Hands behind
her back, mouth agape and tears rolling down her cheeks, she knelt. She was
still protesting as she tilted her head back and opened her mouth. A moment
later found her choking on a bright yellow stream of piss. She turned away,
coughing and sputtering, disgusted at her current state. Then she screamed at
me for what I was doing. Sympathy not being a part of my vocabulary, I told her
to get back into position and open her mouth. I almost chuckled when she
obeyed.

&nbsp;

This time
she did not turn away. When I stopped the stream and told her to close her
mouth and swallow she nodded &quot;No&quot; while closing her mouth.�� 

&nbsp;

&quot;Swallow.&quot;
I commanded her. Again, she nodded her head in negation of my command. Then, of
course, the little tramp swallowed. I think it was easier for her after that
because she didn�t bother to protest when I told her to ready herself for
another swallow. Instead, she looked at me with her big sad eyes and tilted her
head back, opening her mouth to receive her beverage. A few more mouthfuls and she
had swallowed a bladder full of my piss. When all was said and done she
remained on her knees, tears streaming from her eyes as I hosed her off. 

&nbsp;

I didn't
bother to comfort her. I didn't really care how she felt. I did praise her a
bit, bolstering her feeling of my approval. Somehow, that was enough for Mel.
Somehow, that made everything all right for her. She was one fucked up girl and
I was going to fuck her up some more.

&nbsp;

A few
weeks after her first piss swallowing she officially
moved in with me. She held a rummage sale and sold most of the useless items
and stored the rest in my garage. I was a bit surprised that it was so easy
getting her to move in with me, considering all that she had been through. But,
she needed me. I was the only thing keeping her sane. I almost burst out
laughing when she told me so.

&nbsp;

It was
about the fourth week after she began living with me that I had her quit her
job. That was the last anyone ever saw of her. At least, it was the last time
anyone of her old friends and acquaintances ever saw of her. 

&nbsp;

As soon
as she got home from her final day at work I locked a stainless steel collar on
her neck, adorning her extremities with similar steel encasings.� The only clothing she was allowed to wear at
home, from that day forward, was some red stiletto heels. Those were a
requirement.

&nbsp;

She
learned very quickly how handy it was to have her in permanent restraints. The
first night in her cuffs I bound her to my bed. Her wrists were locked to my
headboard and so were her ankles. She received her first beating, followed by a
good hard ass fucking. She cried had that night but I never let up, nor did I
have mercy on her. When I came, pushing my cock into her mouth, I commanded she
hold the viscous liquid in her mouth. An hour later she was allowed to swallow
it down.

&nbsp;

A month
or so into living together she asked if she could have a serious talk with me.
Of course, I agreed. During this talk she explained how she really did not like
being fucked or giving blowjobs but that she understood that it was a necessary
part of any relationship. She said she didn't much care for the bondage either
but that she could endure it fairly easily. Also, she told me that she detested
getting ass fucked and swallowing my piss. Then she had the audacity to ask me
to please not fuck her ass or make her swallow piss anymore.

&nbsp;

I told
her that I understood. And I told her that I sympathized with her. Basically, I
told her all of the bullshit that she needed to hear from me. Then I told her
that I needed everything that I was doing to her and more. I told her I was
likely to put her through worse ordeals.

&nbsp;

Finally,
I dropped the anchor on her head when I told her that I understood that she was
leaving me and that I didn't blame her. We could remain friends if she wanted
to do so and I would never have any bad feelings for her. 

&nbsp;

I would
have gagged at the things I was saying, had I meant any one of them. But, I am
a manipulator and cared only to have my own interests and lust satisfied.

&nbsp;

As I
predicted, she did not want to break up with me and she loved me and needed me
and blah, blah, blah. Basically, I now had free reign to abuse her in any way I
wanted because she understood that I had &quot;unusual&quot; needs. 

&nbsp;

Besides,
she told me how she knew that I needed and loved her and I was only taking out
my aggressions on her as a result of some �deeply repressed emotions�. It was
like I was writing her lines for her.

&nbsp;

The next
weekend she spent sucking my cock and swallowing cum and piss. The only time
when her mouth was not on my cock was when she was using the bathroom or
getting something for me. As for me, I hardly moved that weekend. It�s nice not
to have to leave the couch to piss. 

&nbsp;

As the
months went by we settled into a nice routine. I would go to work every day and
she would clean the house. When I arrived at home she was expected to be
kneeling by the door with her hands behind her. As soon as I sat on the couch
she was expected to unzip my fly and service me. After that she would fix us
dinner and we would talk for a while � she always wanted to talk. The rest of
the evening was up in the air, as were the weekends.

&nbsp;

Some time
after we had settled into our routine I had an idea hit me. So, I sallied out
into my garage and began designing a model for a new toy that Mel would hate.
When I finally had the design laid out I put my sweat to it. Soon, I had a full
working model that was ready to install in my house.

&nbsp;

I am sure
that she was curious about what I was doing, pulling up some carpet near a wall
and then drilling holes in the floor beneath. I never told her what I was
doing, she would find out soon enough. Once my preparations were finished I
began installing my newest creation.

&nbsp;

I bolted
the round base to the floor. Then, I attached the platform to the base. It was
round and about 2 feet in diameter and had a short rod jutting out of it with a
small hand crank to adjust the rod�s length. Attached to the short rod was
another, thicker rod that had a small banana shaped seat at the top. Protruding
vertically from the �seat� was a short threaded post. To this I attached a
six-inch phallus. I can�t tell you the diameter but I can tell you that the
bottom three inches of the phallus was as big around as a Coke can. The top
four inches as big around as a half dollar, tapering into the larger section.

&nbsp;

Once I
had the device assembled I told Mel to step up on to its base. Slowly and
rather mournfully she approached, asking me for mercy after she realized what
it was for. Once she was up on the base I backed her to the phallus that jutted
from the tiny seat and began turning the crank at the bottom of the post.

&nbsp;

Soon, the
phallus was inside her ass with the thickest part just beginning to force
entry. She squirmed and begged me not to make her take the thick part in her
ass. For a change, I was merciful. I told her that she did not have to take the
thickest part up her ass but that she would have to endure standing here for
the next hour or so. 

&nbsp;

I don�t
think I have to say that she was a bit relieved. The phallus, at its thickest point,
was rather large and likely to cause her a bit of pain. Too bad her relief was
so short lived.

&nbsp;

I stood
back for a moment and admired how she looked standing on this �display stand�,
as I quickly named it. She was quite lovely standing with her legs slightly
apart, a long rod pushing up from her feet and disappearing into her ass. 

&nbsp;

Of
course, I was not satisfied and had no intentions of leaving her like this. It
was too easy. So, I had her lift her left foot so I could remove her red
stiletto. After releasing that foot I performed the same task with the other
foot. That was when she discovered that, in order to keep the thick portion of
the phallus from entering her ass, she had to remain on her toes.

&nbsp;

One of
the things that I liked most about my little invention was that it was a
relatively safe little gadget. It was also not an easy thing to escape from,
even with free arms. The phallus extended far enough into her ass to keep her
from being able to jump from it. The tiny seat would keep her from sliding down
too far, thus preventing injury. Finally, while the seat was big enough to keep
her from injuring herself, it was too small to aid in her escape. 

&nbsp;

After
only fifteen minutes of standing on her toes she was sweating profusely. It was
clear that her calves were burning and that she would soon give out. Still, she
fought the inevitable, detesting what was already filling her ass while fearing
what would be in her ass.

&nbsp;

After
only thirty minutes she was flat footed and fully impaled on the thickest part
of the phallus. She stood crying, begging me to take her down. I only smiled as
I sat on the couch and flipped on the TV.

&nbsp;

After
about three hours, I took her down. She collapsed into my arms the moment she
was free. From there, I carried her into the bathroom and showered with her. 

&nbsp;

Once clean I took her to bed, locked her hands together and
to the headboard for the night. Then, I rolled her to her belly and fucked her sore ass,
rolling her over to cum in her mouth. She uttered not a word and put up no
fight, only moaning a bit when I fucked her. 

&nbsp;

She has
since gotten used to the stand. It is a daily ordeal for her. From time to time
I enlarge the size of the phallus. She is well capable of taking in a phallus
the size of large beer bottle. She still doesn�t like it, but she does it for
me �because she knows I need her�. 

&nbsp;

I guess the
human mind can rationalize anything.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














I guess, it was about a year into living together that I started
parading her around a couple of my friends

 
  God
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-05-29T21:50:00Z
  2006-05-29T21:50:00Z
  1
  1644
  9372
  Gods
  78
  21
  10995
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








I guess, it was about a year into living together that I started
parading her around a couple of my friends. Actually, it was her choice to
parade around them. Previously, I had put her in the bedroom on the display
stand until my friends had left. When I gave her the choice of being naked in
front of my friends or enduring the display stand for hours at a time, she
chose against the stand. It was an unhappy choice, but it was relatively easy
for her.

&nbsp;

Since she
was out and about, in her heels, I determined to make good use of her. She was
required to serve us by getting us drinks or food or whatever suited us at the
moment. 

&nbsp;

Initially,
my friends were a bit uneasy around her. They weren�t exactly sure what to make
of it or how to treat her. After only a few times of enjoying her parading
around, they became more comfortable with the situation and hardly gave her a
thought except as a servant they could feel up.

&nbsp;

It was
soon after that when one of my friends mentioned how lucky I was to have a girl
like her. He told me that he dreamed of having a girl that he could control the
way I did. So, I rented her to him for a day. For only two hundred dollars he
could do whatever he wanted to do to her. My only stipulation was that he
couldn�t hurt her or leave any marks.

&nbsp;

When I
revealed my plan to Mel she was furious. After a short talking to and a few
tears, she became more agreeable. All it took was an �I don�t know why I want
this, but I do� and an �It will make me so happy�. Before long, three of my
friends were regular customers, using her for menial chores and to fuck and
humiliate.� Meanwhile, I was making a few
extra bucks.

&nbsp;

I had her
down pat. She was eager to please, suffered from feelings of inferiority and
she loved me. Besides, she told me that I would eventually see how much I loved
her and that what I was doing to her was wrong. Eventually, she knew that we
would be married and have kids and all of this would be forgotten. 

&nbsp;

Too fucking easy, if you ask me.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������������� *���������������������� *���������������������� *���������������������� *���������������������� *

&nbsp;

After
relating his story to his friend, he hatched a new idea to make more money off
of the hapless girl, while further humiliating her. After a few phone calls he
was quite satisfied at the expected windfall of money. His idea was, after all,
not particularly common north of the Mexican border.

&nbsp;

Once word
got out, it was all a matter of setting a date and time, while making certain
not to overbook the planned show. The night of the show, his house was teaming
with men of various ages, each one eager to fill a curious and prurient need.

&nbsp;

The room
was well lit but not harshly so. In a corner in the room stood a girl dressed
only in red stiletto heels. Her breasts were ridiculously large and her waist
was almost too small for a woman of her height. It was
quite apparent, to all present, that the post that run from between her legs
and disappearing between her legs, was lodged in her ass.

&nbsp;

Pointing
to where the girl was standing, he told the men of his handiwork. �The platform
on which she stands was designed and constructed by yours truly. It is
impossible for her to escape from it without assistance. And, yes, for those of
you who are unsure, it is firmly planted in her asshole. If any of you want
one, let me know.� 

&nbsp;

Then, he
walked to the girl, knelt down and removed her shoes. �It�s a bit thicker at
the base and, when I remove her shoes, she has to stand on her toes to keep
from stretching her ass out even more than it is already. She hates this, you
know?� he said, grinning. �No matter how many times this thing has sunk into
her ass, she fights it. It�s quite enjoyable to watch.�

&nbsp;

They all
watched the girl struggle to keep from sliding further down onto the phallus.
Before long she was sweating and grimacing as she fought the inevitable.
Ignoring her struggles, he continued describing the girls
plight to the staring men.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
had her breasts enlarged from whatever size they were to this ridiculous
basketball size.&quot; he told them. &quot;The reason her waist is so small is
because I had a couple of ribs removed, as well. I sort of have a fetish for
extreme femininity to the point of freakishness.&quot;

&nbsp;

The room
was silent as they watched her struggle on the pole. Eventually, she began to
lose her battle of resistance and started sinking down onto the thickest part
of the phallus.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tonight,
I have some fun plans, as you know�, he told the men. &quot;Tonight, for the
first time, she is going to enjoy the pleasures of animal sex. In a few
minutes, this girl and two dogs will be making �animalistic love. I hope you
all enjoy it as much as I will.�

&nbsp;

Mel
snapped to attention when she heard what he was saying. Unfortunately, she
could not find it within herself to fight against his plans. She had tried
before and failed. This would be, she knew, another such event. She resigned
herself to be a dog fucker. Even running through her mind how it might look.

&nbsp;

Stepping
up to her, he slid his hand against her cheek, smiling. �I�m sorry, I don�t
know why I need this, but I do�, he whispered.

&nbsp;

Tears
rolling down her cheeks she smiled a pain filled smile and whispered �Please
don�t make me fuck the dogs.�

&nbsp;

He
grimaced slightly and then smiled. �It�s what I want, darling�, he said. Then
he turned around and checked his watch, assuring the audience that the dogs
would soon arrive.

&nbsp;

By the
time the dog trainer arrived Mel was standing flat footed. Her ass was
thoroughly stretched and she was in quite a bit of discomfort. Despite her
discomfort, she could only think of the beasts that had entered the room.� 

&nbsp;

As the
dogs were paraded about the room, her mind went into an angry frenzy and she
determined to free herself from this horrible scene. Her voice croaked out a
near silent demand to be freed. Then, as before, she realized that it was
hopeless. She could protest all she wanted. In the end, however, she would
commit this heinous act. She could not resist him; it was not within her power.
Disgusted with herself, she decided that it was a just punishment for one so weak as her.

&nbsp;

Suddenly,
she was free. The phallus had been removed from her ass and she could move
freely. She stepped from the stand and immediately fell to her knees, her legs
giving out. 

&nbsp;

�Mel�,
his voice said. �Mel, I want you to crawl over to the bench the trainer
brought. Get on that bench and lie on your back.� 

&nbsp;

Looking
up through the dark cave of her hair, she nodded grimly. Moments after taking
her place atop the bench, her legs were pushed up so that her knees were at the
sides of her enormous breasts. A wide leather strap was then wrapped around
each thigh and secured to the bench, holding them in place. Above her head,
hands were grasping her ankles and pushing them down so that her legs were
straight and she was completely doubled and straining at the bondage. 

&nbsp;

A strange
voice made a sound. Suddenly, she felt the weight of the animal. He was large
and black and his legs wrapped around her. On command she reached to the dogs
cock and guided him into her sex. In an instant, the large beast was pounding
her hard, grunting with every thrust. 

&nbsp;

As the
moments passed, he began thrusting harder, his excitement heightening. With a
sudden jerk, the dogs knot pounded inside of the girl, stretching her to the
point of pain. Then she felt the warmth of the beasts ejaculate as he pumped
into her. 

&nbsp;

She was
reeling at his orgasm, her humiliation growing as she felt herself being
filled. She was a dog fucker � an animal lover. How could she sink so low as to
allow such a thing? She closed her eyes, basking in the horror of her life.
Then, with a sudden jerk, the dog had left her.

&nbsp;

She
opened her eyes to see the face of the man she loved. He was smiling at her,
telling her what a good girl she was and how she was pleasing him. His words
were little comfort, though they did ease her humiliation.

&nbsp;

Then, as
suddenly as her first lover had left her, another was upon her, pressing his
heavy furry body against her. He was thrusting wildly, trying to find his mark.
This time she was commanded to guide him into her ass. Without word or thought,
she obeyed. Immediately, the dog began pumping his cock into her ass,
brutalizing her stretched hole.

&nbsp;

He had
been inside her for only minutes when she felt a pop. Pain rippled through her
and she knew that his knot had pushed into her ass. He gripped her tighter and
thrust deeper and she knew that her ass must soon tear under his efforts.� Then, as before, she felt him fill her with
his hot semen � dog semen. Finally, the dog stopped his thrusting and became
still but for occasional jerks. Then, impatiently, he pulled free, his knot
bringing a painful pop to her, once again, as he withdrew from her ass. 

&nbsp;

After a
few minutes of rest, she was assaulted again and then again and again. Finally,
after what seemed like a hundred assaults, she was released from her bonds and
left on her knees beside the bench.

&nbsp;

At the
foot of the bench was a wide and shallow bowl. She hardly noticed its presence
until she heard his command. &quot;Get over there, Mel. Clean up that dog cum.�

&nbsp;

Looking
at the bowl, she began crying, disgusted by what she was about to do. �I can�t�
she whispered, even as she crawled to it. Then, lowering her head into the
bowl, she began the task of cleaning the viscous liquid from the bowl.

&nbsp;

Later
that evening, after he had taken the time to bathe her, he held her in his arm.
His words were soft and kind, praising of her actions. She cried, disgusted and
humiliated at what she had done. Still, despite all that she had been put
through, she felt happy that she had pleased him, certain that her terrible
ordeals were near to ending.

&nbsp;

It was,
however, only the beginning for her. Her very next audience was granted the
privilege of watching her suck her very first dog cock. They were also witness
to his edict that her pussy was no longer of any use to man or beast. Never
again did he allow any one, or any thing, to enter her
pussy. Still she served. And much to her dismay it became easier with each
occasion. 

&nbsp;

On those
rare moments when she had a reprieve from his perversions, she would reflect on
her life. It was those times when she would steel herself to leave him. She
thought it bad enough that he had made a whore of her. To be a whore for
animals was beyond thought. 

&nbsp;

To be
sure, she hated everything about her life except for him. And since she loved
him so much, she felt that she had to endure the terrible things that he put
her through. She knew, deep down, that he needed her. She told him so many
times. Eventually, she knew, he would see the error of his ways and make up for
all of the heartache and humiliation that she had suffered for him. It had to
be that way�how could it be otherwise? Never was anyone so wrong. 

&nbsp;

He never
batted an eye when, three years later, he told her that they were though. She
was too freakish for him with her ridiculously oversized breasts and miniature
waist. �Besides, how can I ever respect or love someone who fucks animals?&quot;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  H. Dean


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





