BDSM Library - Immaculate Conception




Immaculate Conception
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A youg wife,married to a old and ailing husband gets physically involved with a young man and subsequently takes his baby.







This is a true story, as seen and experienced by self at the age of ten


 
  Mr.satish
   jim
  2
  17
  2006-05-31T00:10:00Z
  2006-05-31T00:10:00Z
  1
  2572
  14661
  Clicl
  122
  34
  17199
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Immaculate
Conception

&nbsp;

This is a true story, as seen and experienced by self at the
age of fourteen. My first vision of man and woman in intimate relations. Though
this may be termed by some as adultery or extra marital relations I personally
do not judge it or consider that perspective, though this is directly connected
to my family- my uncle, his wife and her physical lover.

&nbsp;

The year: 1964. Age: 14 years. 

Uncle: Paternal. Age: about 60 +

Auntie: By virtue of her marriage to my uncle. Age: 28.

Their marriage: April 1963.

Her lover: Dr.Salim. Age: not above 35 years.

&nbsp;

I was born and was schooling up in a town school staying
with my parents, my father working with the railways. My uncle who is now no
more stayed away from town in a village. He had his own bungalow with farm and
orchard and a river passing near his farmland. I loved to visit him as often as
I could to take in the beauty of nature and fresh air.

My uncle got married at age 59, in the year 1963, to a very
young and fair girl, from Bombay.I visited them very often as I was doing
before their wedding. My aunt grew fond of me as myself too and we used to go
out at the river or the farm for walk. Some times on Saturdays I would spend
the night in their farm. Many times Dr. Salim, a doctor by profession and farm
owner surrounding our farm used to drop in for drinks with uncle. It so
happened that in November the same year my father got posted / transferred to
another place and it was decided by my parents that I stay with my uncle and
aunt and attend the same school which was not very far from the farm bungalow.
Cycle was my best pal for commutation.

A month later after I shifted to their place my uncle
slipped and fell down and had to be admitted / treated at the town hospital for
bone fissure and ligament damage. This meant that we were alone in the big
secluded place with their maidservant Saira a Muslim widow of about 40 years of
age. As per our routine in the evening auntie and self were ready to go for a
walk at the hillside. Suddenly my auntie changed her mind and insisted that I
go out alone on my cycle, as she was not feeling well. Nothing serious and not
to worry she said. Maid Saira too was coaxing me to go all by my self before it
got dark. I reluctantly paddled out on my cycle all by my self. I was exiting
when I saw Dr.Salim going towards our house. I understood he was going to treat
my auntie�s tummy ache. After about 30 minutes of cycling I realized that the
rear tyre was flat. I had to reach home dragging the cycle. I reached the farm
and it had got a bit dark on sun set. I abandoned my cycle at the rear of the
bungalow when I saw light on in the guest master bedroom. The curtains were not
fully drawn and out of curiosity had a look inside. What I saw on the huge
four-poster wooden bed made me spin. My auntie was completely naked and on top
of her Dr. Salim who too was completely naked was humping and thrusting his hip
and waist in the abdomen area of my favorite aunt. My auntie�s legs were
slightly parted. Her eyes were shut and with was clutching away at the bed
sheet with one hand. Salims hands were all over her naked body sometimes
crushing each of her breasts. I could not understand what they were up to. I
had never seen a women or man naked and never knew as to what they were up to
only thing I concluded that he was hurting or punishing my auntie. I did not
know what to do and sat on the portico steps crying thinking of getting across
to the full time maid. Just then she appeared and asked me as to why I was
crying and weeping. I was sobbing and pointed her to the window and walked with
her there to show her. This time I could see that Dr. Salim had changed
position come on his knees and I could part of his penis all red and hard going
in and out of my aunt�s abdomen below her tummy. Dr. Salim being very healthy
and strong looked very dominating and rough with his muscular and rigid frame
of 6 feet and 3 inches height .The maid tried to calm me and took me away after
some time of watching. I was told not to mention what I saw to any body, not
even to my parents or my auntie if I had love for my auntie. She said that Dr.
Salim was not hurting or punishing her but he was doing for her good and
pleasures. What the Dr. was doing was ought to be done by my uncle and her
husband but alas that was lacking and so Allah desires that Dr. Salim poke and
pleasure my auntie. I was not convinced and was sobbing slightly. Then she told
me that she would show me later in the night that my auntie would volunteer to
accept Dr. Salim. For this I might have to stay awake. Again she took promise
from me not to mention what is going on in the mansion.

I went in the living room and after Dr. Salim left my auntie
came in and sat next to me asking how I enjoyed my cycle ride. I pulled up a
long face and said I was not happy going cycling with out her. I could get the
smell of sweat, could be mixture of her and his. After dinner my aunt excused
her self for having a bath / shower. I too went to my room.� I had dosed off to sleep / nap when the maid
shook me and asked me if I wanted to observe the submission of my aunt to Dr.
Salim. I was just wide-awake on this suggestion. She took me out to the window
that was closed but the curtains were more indrawn than in the evening. In fact
this was the case with all the five windows unlike in the evening when only one
was open. The room was fully lit, the silk bed sheets were changed and maid
brought in tall glasses of milk and bowl of dry and fresh fruits, which were
placed on either side table of the king, sized master bed. Few moments later my
auntie and Dr. Salim walked in and the maid closed the room door. He sat on the
cushioned chair while she undid her gown and dropped it on the carpet that the
maid picked up and hanged it. Aunt was only wearing her panties. Her big and firm
pears shaped breasts were bare and very prominent with pointed nipples. She
walked towards Dr. and started removing his T-shirt. It did not take much time
for her hands to wander around his pajama strings. She was cajoling him to get
up and come to the bed and so his pajamas got off his waist making him first to
get naked. I was dazed looking at his manhood. This was the first time I saw
that thing getting big and hard though I think the first sight was not total
ercction but almost semi erect. It looked menacing. He being Muslim the skin
was off his meat. His penis was built like a horse and his muscular body all
tanned and brown skinned gave him the rugged and monstrous appearance. With
each moment advancing towards the bed I could see his penis hardening. There on
the bed auntie had removed her last minimum clothing-her small or bikini type
panties. The maid picked up the panties and was on her way out of the room and
was next to me in a moment, with the panties and binoculars which I always
carried to school and when I went out cycling. Binoculars were a part of me
that I carried when I went out. The maid asked me to watch intently as she told
me that Dr. Salim will insert his body inside her and my aunt will get immense
relief and pleasure, which she is deprived as her hubby, is old and sick. Again
she mentioned that Allah has given extra energy and big size penis to favor
her. I observed intently with my binocs very closely the insertion. Her
entrance was devoid of any hair and I could observe stick fluid dripping from
her opening at the time he started inserting. This time she was clutching and
pushing him from around the waist and buttocks in order for him to enter her
fast. Dr Salim�s hands too were all over her tender and white skinned body and
he started kissing her on the lips. They were locked in the kiss few moments
later and as was the case with their locking at the groin. Just then the maid
gave me my aunt�s panties and asked to sniff at the particular region. I could
get a peculiar smell that she said was when a woman wants or desires a man
inside her groin area. On smelling and watching I did get some sensation or
movement in my penis. With all the action in the bedroom I was convinced that
my auntie was desperate for his body. It was almost an hour after which he
started to dig faster and speedier and then slowing down and pulling out his
penis from her vagina opening. Even when he brought out I could observe white
discharge dripping from his penis as well as from her vagina. That was the time
I was told by the maid to go to bed and sleep. Dr. Salim was not to go to his
farmhouse. He was to stay put with my aunt. They had liberty as my uncle was in
hospital and the whole control was in their hands. As time passed by I spied on
them and knew that they were meeting many times in the day too as I had
observed on returning from school early. As long as uncle was in hospital that
is for about 3 months apart from daytime indulgences, nights were on fire.� I always looked out for an opportunity or
never missed any opportunity to watch them. I kept my binoculars handy.

Even after my uncle came home though he was advised bed rest
the mating did not end. The maid told me that these mating started just 2
months after marriage. With such big hose of 5 bedrooms they made love
uninterrupted. When uncle started moving about only in the house they even
mated outside the house amongst the trees. The maid was always at their side
arranging their comforts. I guess she was in favor of maximum intercourses and
at times would help Dr. Salim enter my aunt�s vagina ike a monarch.

The incident which I narrate here makes haunts me today. Why
I did not interfere or protect my aunt? Then I console my self that may be it
could have had a different effect and I would be in an embarrassing moment, for
I was only 14 years old then. My uncle was admitted second time to the town
hospital for check ups and that was a 4-day affair.� My aunt and I were out to the town since the
day before to attend to a family function. After two days we were drove back (2
hours drive) in the night at about 11 o�clock.
I was feeling tired and sleepy so was my auntie as she mentioned while she was
driving the jeep. She wanted me to talk to her so that she would not doze off.
The moment we entered the bungalow the maid came up to my auntie and said in a
soft voice, which I could overhear that Dr. Salim had come and has asked to
send message when she came back. Auntie told her not to do so as she was tired
and not in a mood for it. I was surprised at her response as it was two full
days with out a single mating. Nonetheless the boy sent in by Dr. had already
left to convey message that we have arrived. I maid was convincing that one
shot from him will do good for the tiredness and she could have a bath and lay
in bed waiting for him to come and poke her. My auntie I could observe was a
bit annoyed in hushed tone that she does not want Dr. Salim now. It could wait
till morning. My auntie took me to my room and I pretended that I was very
sleepy so she helped me change into pajamas. I was nervous as I had a semi
erection listening to the conversation of the maid and her and expecting the
Dr. any moment to spend the night.�� 

She lay down next to me on my bed and patted me in the
bargain I could feel her breast touching my body. She was not wearing a bra.
The maid knocked and came in saying that Dr. Salim has come and is waiting in
the bed. My aunt switched off the lights closed my door and went out with the
maid. Immediately I got up from bed and opened the door slightly. I could hear
my aunt standing on the threshold of her bedchamber and requesting Dr.Salim to
go, as she was sleepy and tired. Since the room was just across the foyer
opposite my room I could see him on her bed and arguing and asking her to come
hop on, it will do her good. I could hear the maid also trying to pacify my
aunt into submitting and the then she came to her was unbuttoning my aunt�s
blouse. My auntie pushed her aside and in doing so the maid clutched the blouse
and almost all the buttons gave way causing her blouse to lay open revealing
her white and firm pear shaped breasts 

My aunt turned back and tried to get across the passage I
guess to another bedroom. It was then he and the maid went after her and
brought her to the master bedchamber. She was struggling and wanting to get
free but Salim had his mighty grip on ner and by now her blouse was almost off
her breast and one shoulder which she was trying to clutch with one hand. Then
the maid closed the door. I could hear the bolt being put on I quickly went out
not forgetting my binoculars�� knowing
that the curtains were not drawn on all the windows. The maid was pulling her
towards the bed while he had removed the blouse completely off her body. With
some sheer strength my aunt broke loose and ran towards the door trying to open
the bolt / latch. But they were fast in catching up with her. He held both her
hands that were up at the door trying to open the latch while the maid
unbuttoned the skirt that dropped to the ankle immediately. Now she was only in
her tiny black panties that was worn low and was revealing her low back ass
cheeks. Now it was futile for my aunt to struggle or escape, still there was
this reluctance however the demon in him lifted / carried her over his broad
shoulders and dumped her on the bed. He got naked immediately thereafter and
while the maid held her he ripped off the fragile panties off her buttocks.
Aunt was laying face down on her stomach. The erection of Dr. Salim was
enormous / huge, all 12 inches long and one inch thickness of red skinless hard
meat may be his energy was conserved as there was no sex for two full days.
Within no time he made inroads into her body like a warrior capturing the
enemy. I could hear my aunt moaning and groaning and trying to stop but it was
in vain. Very soon he went in all the way. There was a triumphant look on his
face as well as that of the maid, as he humped her, mercilessly drawing the
penis out all the way till the tip and ramming it again all the way. In the
morning when I woke up and was at the window at about 10 am (remember that it was a Sunday and no school) I saw
him walking away from our bungalow towards his farm. His spending the night and
better part of morning I was left to wonder as to how many times he must have abused
her as when I went in her room before going to the kitchen for my glass of milk
I saw her with her thighs wide open and her vagina sore and pink-red, dripping
with his sperm. The maid knew that I had gone near my aunt and observed her
body. She told me that she deserved this rough treatment for disobeying. I did
not comment.

Impregnation

�One afternoon on
returning from school, both of them were in the living room with the maid in
attendance. At that time too uncle was in-patient / admitted in hospital for
some chest infection. It was as if they were waiting for me to return as the
maid said have quick lunch your aunt would want to talk to you. I was asked to
sit and the Dr. started by saying that my aunt was not well and having tummy
and back pain. She needs complete rest and for that the master bedroom shall be
out of bounds for 8 to 10 days. He would be coming often to give her treatment.
Since her husband also is in hospital he must treat her at home. And that I
must not disturb her or tell any body about her illness.

I hugged my aunt and cried asking as to what was the matter
was with her health. She patted me and told me �do not worry, nothing is
serious. I need to be closeted in the room and Dr. Salim will take good care of
me. There will be few more additional maids / women in the house and so not to
worry�. I asked if I could visit her to that she said, �Only when the treatment
was not in progress and with permission of any of the maids�.� 

Next day noon two
women in the age group of 35 to may be 38 years came with baskets of flowers
and went straight into the room where my aunt said she would be treated. I was
puzzled as from the time she mentioned about her so called illness and the
proposed treatment she did not portray any signs of discomfort, pain. The room
for her quarantined treatment was not her regular bedroom. It was one of the
many big bedrooms not in use for a long time. My mind was wandering �why was I
not allowed inside�,� what was the treatment� I was getting curious and was
pondering over the mode of snooping inside. I found out a place to have
unrestricted view from adjoining room without being noticed.�� 

At around 5 pm my
aunt went inside escorted by the two new maids (they were from the nearby town
mosque). Before going in she hugged me and said she would come out after
massage and we both would have early dinner. Dinner we did have early and very
few words were exchanged. I observed my aunt having small meal and not as she
used to have daily. After dinner we sat in the main hall after which the maid
called her in saying that it was time for doctor to arrive. She was led in and
before that she hugged me. After some time Dr.Salim arrived and sat down to
have his dinner. This was the first time ever I saw him having to eat at our house.
After dinner he entered the room where my aunt was.

To be continued��

&nbsp;














This is a true story, as seen and experienced by self at the age of ten


 
  Mr.satish
   jim
  2
  6
  2006-06-17T14:23:00Z
  2006-06-17T14:23:00Z
  1
  1290
  7359
  Clicl
  61
  17
  8632
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Immaculate
Conception ( concluding part)

&nbsp;

Impregnation

�One afternoon on
returning from school, both of them were in the living room with the maid in
attendance. At that time too uncle was in-patient / admitted in hospital for
some chest infection. It was as if they were waiting for me to return as the
maid said have quick lunch your aunt would want to talk to you. I was asked to
sit and the Dr. started by saying that my aunt was not well and having tummy
and back pain. She needs complete rest and for that the master bedroom shall be
out of bounds for 8 to 10 days. He would be coming often to give her treatment.
Since her husband also is in hospital he must treat her at home. And that I
must not disturb her or tell any body about her illness.

I hugged my aunt and cried asking as to what was the matter
was with her health. She patted me and told me �do not worry, nothing is
serious. I need to be closeted in the room and Dr. Salim will take good care of
me. There will be few more additional maids / women in the house and so not to
worry�. I asked if I could visit her to that she said, �Only when the treatment
was not in progress and with permission of any of the maids�.� 

Next day noon two
women in the age group of 35 to may be 38 years came with baskets of flowers
and went straight into the room where my aunt said she would be treated. I was
puzzled as from the time she mentioned about her so called illness and the
proposed treatment she did not portray any signs of discomfort, pain. The room
for her quarantined treatment was not her regular bedroom. It was one of the
many big bedrooms not in use for a long time. My mind was wandering �why was I
not allowed inside�,� what was the treatment� I was getting curious and was
pondering over the mode of snooping inside. I found out a place to have
unrestricted view from adjoining room without being noticed.�� 

At around 5 pm my
aunt went inside escorted by the two new maids (they were from the nearby town
mosque). Before going in she hugged me and said she would come out after
massage and we both would have early dinner. Dinner we did have early and very
few words were exchanged. I observed my aunt having small meal and not as she
used to have daily. After dinner we sat in the main hall after which the maid
called her in saying that it was time for doctor to arrive. She was led in and
before that she hugged me. After some time Dr.Salim arrived and sat down to
have his dinner. This was the first time ever I saw him having to eat at our
house. After dinner he entered the room where my aunt was.

&nbsp;

I was nibbling at my dinner, when all at once the
realization came that I was alone at the table. Without wasting time I
literally ran to the spot from where I could have unrestricted view inside the
room. The room was filled with smoke of incense sticks, lights were dimmed and
huge candles were adding light to the room. My aunt was sitting on the bed and
Dr.Salim was sitting on the couch opposite the bed watching the other woman
undressing my aunt. It was not alone undressing but they were also caressing
every inch of her body, not missing out on her breasts and clean shaved vagina.
My aunt was almost in a state of trance, eyes in a semi state of closure. Two
of the women who had come from the local mosque went to where Dr. Salim was
sitting and escorted him to the huge four poster teak wood bed where my aunt
lay in a state of excitement. The women now proceeded to remove Dr.Salims
clothes till he was naked. I was aghast looking at his penis which was already
erect and ready for entry. The process was slow, there was no hurry to put his
penis inside my aunts Vagina, but I could see that my aunt was getting
impatient. The maid and other women slowly parted her legs exposing her shaven
vagina. Oozing of fluids from her vagina was evident, not only to me but was
observed by the women in attendance as they were pointing in that direction and
giggling and laughing and passing comments. Few hands were also stroking her
belly and groin area when Dr.Salim climbed on to the bed and took position to
enter her, but before that all the women managed to caress his man hood, which
was by this time rigid like a steel rod. At last the monster got hidden in the
hot confines of aunt�s vagina, with ease, though I could hear the moaning
sounds, but then the women did try to pacify her. After the whole length had
submerged in her vagina, I went back to the dining table and had finished my
meal. Seeing me still eating the women who came out except one senior woman
from the mosque who stayed back, were laughing that I was slow coach in eating
food. With no attention paid, our maid declared that that very soon I would be
happy to get a cousin. This was followed by laughter, from all the women. �I felt teased and pushed around, and also
finding so many people crowding I felt isolated. Tears started coming and I
cried out my heart and insisted that I go inside the room. Immediately all
women stood near the door, saying aunt should not be disturbed now, may be
later I will be taken in by our maid if allowed by the Dr. I wanted to tell all
present that I knew very well what was happening inside, but controlled my
tongue. Two hours later Dr.Salim emerged from the room. His chest was bare and
lower half was covered by a bath towel. He looked very ferocious and had a look
of a soldier who has just returned from the victorious army post. A feast was
waiting for him at the table. While the maid was going inside the room with a
trolley laden with fruits and milk for my aunt, she called me in asking me to
wish aunt goodnight. I was delighted and straight away ran to the bed. My aunt
being unaware of my arrival was carelessly covered by a sheet. Seeing me she
covered herself but none the less I could make out that she was naked
underneath. The atmosphere in the room was totally charged erotically. The
smell of sweat, the lingering fragrance of incense sticks which had already
burnt out. I hugged my aunt and exchanged kisses of good night. I could see
that her eyes were blood shot red. She told me in my ears that everything was
ok and nothing serious was wrong with her health and that I must never tell
uncle about her condition. 

�

With a glum face I walked out of the room and was told by
the maid that it was bed time and without wasting time I must go to bed. I did
go to bed but just could not sleep. I found that there was silence in the
living room so I moved out to my secret place to have a peek at the bed room of
my aunt. And there they were both entwined in the act of intercourse, totally
dedicated. Dr.Salim was humping her as if there was no tomorrow and my aunt was
meeting up to the animalistic body rhythm. In the dim lights and candle and oil
lamps all other women from the nearby mosque and our maid servant were
surrounding the master bed watching and raising their hands up in the air,
mumbling something like a prayer to Allah. Occasionally one of them would in
turn go up the bed and caress my aunt�s abdomen and tummy. Later I strolled out
to my bed room and lay awake thinking as to what the women had said about me
getting a cousin. Next day I asked my maid about this. She explained that my
aunt will get a baby and that Dr.Salim is helping her get one, he will be the cousin�s
father, and that is why he goes inside to give her injection between her legs.
She warned me not to tell any one, including my school friends.

The bed room activity continued for exactly 8 days at the
end of which my aunt emerged out of the room escorted by the women. She was
bathed and was wearing thin tight gown which accentuated her big and firm
breasts. She looked like beauty queen.

Two days later her husband was brought back from the
hospital. He looked better and was walking all by him self. But he had gone
weak and frail.

Two months later or before that on my return home from school,
I heard heavy shouting and arguments taking place between my aunt and her
husband. I overheard their topic and my uncle was making a point that the child
cannot be his as he was not at home and never had sex with her for quite some
time. His temper frayed and due to that his blood pressure shot up. He was
rushed to the hospital in the jeep but by that time he had collapsed. He was no
more.

Every one from the family who had come to condole her were
told by her sobbingly (crocodile tears) how tragic it was that she was carrying
his child and on the way to mother hood when this tragic incident happened.

She gave birth to a baby boy and seeing him even today I am
reminded of his mother�s adventure and his parentage.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kingfisher


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





