BDSM Library - What I want?




What I want?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My first real experience with someone else in control... will it be what I want?







I was walking back from class on Tuesday, a little past 7pm, when my
phone buzzed


 
  Keith Wallace
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-05-31T00:48:00Z
  2006-05-31T00:48:00Z
  1
  1975
  11259
  N/a
  93
  26
  13208
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








I was walking back from class on Tuesday, a little past 7pm, when
my phone buzzed. I hate most ring sounds I hear, so I keep mine vibrate. Anyway,
I looked at the number and it was local, but not someone I know. Thinking it
was a wrong number, I almost didn�t answer it. I wonder now how I�d feel about
things if I hadn�t answered, if I had passed up this chance. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The conversation was short. The caller was a
friend I met online who lived in the area, Stacy. We�d talked on and off for a
while and even met for coffee once. There was no real chance of any sort of
�romantic connection�; Stacy�s a confirmed and happy-to-be-so lesbian. I knew
this right from the get go, but I hadn�t started talking to her thinking of
sex. We met on a blog/diary site, or more like I
stumbled across her writings and was hooked. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anyway, on and off we talked online for a few
months and like I said even met once for coffee. There�s just something about
her that I can�t put my finger on. Perhaps it�s the things she written about
and how I wish I could write so honestly. Perhaps it�s that I know there�s no
chance she�s sexually interested in me and so she�s safe � that is, I can relax
more and be more �me�. I�ve no idea really, but then, you probably don�t care.
I mean, that�s not why you�re reading this. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In one of our chats, I brought up a little
semi-fetish that I have. I find it a bit hard to explain, because everyone
seems to blow it off as either me just being weird or no big deal. I�m
fascinated by a sort of power exchange, to use a BDSM term. Specifically, I'm
interested in the idea of someone else being in control of when/where/how often
I orgasm. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I know it does sound kind of silly and
nothing that bizarre, but let me ask you a couple things: Does the idea of
being denied orgasm for days on end appeal? What if you toss in lots of
teasing, that is being taken to the edge, but not over? Say teased three times
a day every day for a week with no orgasm relief? That�s the kind of thing I�m
talking about. By itself I�m sure it�s probably not all that kinky, but imagine
how horny and worked up you�d be? Let�s just say it�s very easy to delve into
other kinkier aspects of BDSM that one might not normally consider when in such
a state. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Anyway, back to the call. Her reason for
calling was simple. She�d recalled our conversation about my teasing/control
fetish and she was wondering if I still felt that way about things. Without a
doubt I did and I must say my heart started to race a little as horribly
naughty thoughts filled my head. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the conversation we�d had, I�d said
something like, �I�d love to please you and you�d not have to do a thing,
ever.� All those images I had during that simple netchat
came back. The idea of orally pleasing a woman, her, and being sent home after
she was done.. perhaps with
permission to masturbate, but perhaps not. Thoughts of her touching, teasing me
and how I�ve always wanted to experience such things first hand. Up to now,
I�ve just read stories and dabbled with �online relationships�. I knew reality
would be far different and, I hoped, far more erotic. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could tell she was pleased that I still
thought about such things. I�m sure she was nervous; after all it was a pretty
quirky call to make. She cut to the chase and said, why don�t I come over at
about 9 tonight and we�d talk about things. She said she�d email me directions
and would see me then. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was left standing on the sidewalk outside
my apartment speechless. Two conflicting thoughts dominated my mind. The first
was to run upstairs and see the email she sent. The second was to go to the
bathroom and masturbate � keep in mind, this is kind of like a wet dream coming
true for me. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided to read the email first, perhaps
thinking she�d just been kidding with me. She wasn�t. The email was there,
directions to her house and a final line saying �behave until we�ve had a
chance to talk�. The meaning was clear, until we talked tonight, no
masturbation. Other than that, no clues in her email about what tonight might
be about. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was still leery; things like this don�t
happen to me. I spent the next hour and twenty minutes running through various
scenarios. Some of them were good, some of them weren�t. I�m not ashamed to say
I was hard nearly the whole time and did behave myself. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I got to her place early; I hate to be late
for anything. I looked at her door from the street and wondered if I was really
going to get the chance to explore a side of me I�ve always wanted to know
better. I slowly walked to the door, palms sweaty, and knocked. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just like any to friends she answered the
door, we said hi and I was invited in. She could tell I was nervous and this
seemed to make her calm. Without a doubt there was an awkward pause and then
she asked if I�d like to sit, gesturing towards the couch. I�m not sure of all
we chatted about at first, my head was swimming. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She got up and went into another room and
came back with this little impish grin on her face. While I�d been semi-hard up
to now, I found myself fully so. I swallowed. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�So,� She said, �would you like to know why I
called you?�

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded, �Of course.� I was trying not to
sound too silly and nervous. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�You remember the chat, the one where you
made some offers to me? Wanted me to help you �explore� things?� Her eyes were
intense; I could tell she was enjoying this. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Yes, I do..� I
could feel my mouth going dry. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�The one were you said you�d please me and
I�d just have to lay back, moan and groan and enjoy?� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded again, with a very soft, �Yes..� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I almost flinched, being so wound up, when
her hand came from behind her back and she tossed a thin strip of cloth onto my
lap. I picked it up and looked it over, nothing special. It was folded over a
time or two until it was about three inches wide and about fifteen inches long.


&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Guess what that is.� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I swallowed and looked up, �A blindfold?� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She smiles and nodded. �If you want to talk
about things, put that on. If you don�t, then don�t.�
She kept smiling at me, knowing there was no doubt in what I�d choose. �I�m
going to go potty while you decide. Then, I�m going to put in a movie,
Nightmare Before Christmas.�

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked down at the cloth as she went into
the bathroom, unsure if I should say something or what to do. Without a doubt,
this could be the opportunity of a lifetime, but that also made it scary. I
wasn�t at all sure I was ready for this. Without a doubt, the hormones in my
blood made the deciding vote and on went the blindfold. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I�ve never felt so silly, sitting on a couch
in an apartment I�ve never been too before blindfolded and having a full
erection. The toilet flushed and I almost pulled the blindfold off, but soon it
would be too late for that. I fidgeted in my seat, hoping she wouldn�t come out
and laugh. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I listened to the door open and waited. She
said nothing. I heard her moving about the room, changing the TV. channel and starting the movie. That was a bit surreal.
Listening to the opening of Nightmare Before Christmas
and thinking the thoughts I was. I began to wonder if this was a dream. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I heard her walk to the kitchen and fix
herself a drink and then sit on the couch. My spot on the couch was against one
arm and I felt her sit down at the other end. I was confused, was she going to
watch the movie and then we�d talk?

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I did jump, startled, as I felt her feet rest
themselves on my lap. Her left foot happened to land right on my cock, which
twitched quite happily at the attention. Thankfully she didn't just drop her
feet, but rested them gently. I swallowed and waited. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally she spoke, �You seem awful nervous,
are you sure you�re ok with this?� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded, �Yes, I�m nervous, scared even.
But, yes I�m ok.� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her heel wiggled on my cock, �It�s quite an
idea, the idea of having a toy to come over and please me when I�m horny. Heck
I wouldn�t even have to clean anything up.� I nodded and licked my lips. �It�s
an even bigger idea having control of a cock. True, I have no real use for it,
but it�s intriguing nonetheless.� She paused and I felt the urge, the need, to
start blurting things out, to try and explain what I was thinking. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She started talking before I could, �You know
I�m not cruel, but I�d not give you permission often? And I don�t want you
think this is some straight-guys wet dream � You aren�t going to turn my
straight or fuck me � never. Right?�

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My hands were clutching each other across my
belly, knuckles semi-white. I couldn�t find my voice to speak at first, but
finally got out, �Yes, I know. We talked about that.� I swallowed, �I-I-I even
suggested the blindfold..� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She laughed a bit, �What�s wrong? Oh, my foot?� I sighed as she moved it, no longer letting it
touch my cock. �I�m going to send you an email after tonight. It has the rules.
You can read it over... and let me know. If you agree, I want you to sign it
and hand it back. If you�re not interested, we�ll just forget to night and
things will go back to normal.�

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded, knowing full well things would not
be �normal� again. How could they? 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;�Now, be a dear and rub my feet.�

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With slightly shaky hands, I started to rub
her feet, both hands on one foot at a time. I�m in on way an expert in such
things, so it took a bit of time to get straight what felt good, what tickled.
Thinking having this movie on was surreal before was wrong, this was surreal. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We sat in silence. Now and then she�d move
her feet, offering my blind hands which one to rub next. Soft little moans gave
me the cues to what she liked. I must say, I found the whole thing intense
erotic. I just wished I could have seen her face, to see what expressions it
had. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;About half an hour later, perhaps a bit more,
she squirmed and moved on the couch. I stopped rubbing, thinking she as getting
up, but she didn�t. A new wave of nerves hit me. I�d really settled down while
listening to the movie, her sounds and rubbing. Her feet pressed hard into my
leg and I realized she was lifting up her rump and sliding her pants down. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered if something I�d dreamed of doing
was going with her was going to come true. Well, not just dreamed, but
masturbated to. Her feet pushed back at my hands and I started to rub again. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That�s when what no doubt will rank for a
long, long time as one of my top erotic memories happened � she let out this
moan and I knew she was touching herself. I wanted to spurt, to cum right then
and there. I wanted to move, to join her in touching, but I didn�t. I just kept
rubbing her feet and feeling my cock gently throb as it wanted attention, balls
aching ever so slightly. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She lifted the foot I wasn�t rubbing up to my
face, my mouth. I need little prodding to get what she wanted. I kissed her
toes, soft light kisses. She moaned louder and pushed her toes against my lips.
My lips parted and for the first time I suckled her toe, bathing it with my
tongue. My hands left her foot and held her by the ankle, so her foot wouldn�t
leave my lips.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toe by toe, I licked and sucked each one. Then kisses up and down the side, the arch, the heel � all over.
Her leg would twitch when I tickled and I tried to learn, to not repeat the
tickling. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Louder and louder she moaned. Her scent just adding to my growing lust � impotent lust. In
and out my mouth I sucked her big toe, like giving it a blowjob. Her other foot
found my cock. Her toes curling on it, teasingly maddening.
I couldn�t believe it when she came. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The words here don�t really do justice to the
scene, to what I felt and what I hope she felt.

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I�ve no idea how long this went on, but the
movie was over. I wanted to beg her to let me go masturbate in the bathroom. My
hands were shaking as they held her foot to my lips. My own
breathing nearly as heavy, as panting, as hers. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Every sound she made was just so magnified to
me, so sexual, so intense. I wondered if I might cum in my pants without
touching, it certainly feels like I might. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her leg pushes lightly down and I let it rest
in my lap, hands lightly rubbing her skin that�s slick with my salvia. The TV
clicks off and we sit in silence for a moment. I want to speak, to say
something, but I sense I shouldn�t. She moves, no doubt pulling her pants up. I
feel her lean towards me and I bite my lip wondering what�s next. I can�t
believe so much as happened and we�ve hardly even spoken. 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I feel the lightest touch of a finger,
perhaps two, on my rock hard cock. It begs for more, twitching. I hear you
chuckle softly and say the words I�ve been unknowingly dreading, �Well, the
movie is over, time for you to go.� 

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Getting up and going home, is all a blur. The
first thing I really remember doing is sitting at my desk and reading the rules
over and over � wondering if this is really what I want.













� � � � �Quite a while has passed since my last writing about things with Stacy, which means, of course, that I agreed to the rules. A full listing is really necessary, since they really boil down to one thing: �She�s in control of when and how I orgasm.� Everything else really flows from that. The bit that took the most to get used to, and to be honest, still causes me some conflicted thoughts is referring to my penis as �hers� � meaning that I�m sort of the caretaker, if you will, for her male organ. 



� � � � �Anyway, things progressed slowly at first. A call here or there to come over and be teased, always with the blindfold on and always being sent home aching for release. On a good day, there�d be an email waiting for me when I got home giving me permission, otherwise, I might visit her two or three times before release was granted. 



� � � � �I don�t want you to think she was cruel, we both knew without too much discussion that was the agreement and she loved the control as much as I loved being tormented. 



� � � � �The only hitch in things, which in hindsight was probably a good thing since it kept us in check, was that Stacy was dating a girl and she was inclined to think it might get pretty serious. This of course meant things between her and I could (and likely would) end at anytime and she didn�t want things to get too far out of hand. I suppose for the first few weeks. 



� � � � �One day, about two weeks ago, we were sitting on her couch. I was, as usual, blindfolded, but something seemed different. I picked up on it from the start, but wasn�t sure how to bring it up and to be honest, I�d learned that she talked about the things she wanted to and it wasn�t worth the effort to bring up things she didn�t. 



� � � � �Time slide by as one inane half-hour show slid into another. Finally I hear a sound a soft sound, but distinctly a moan. I felt electrified. From, the short bit of her I�d seen before donning the blindfold, I recalled she was wearing sweatpants. My mind instantly latched onto the fact that she was touching herself and my nose soon confirmed the maddening first hints of her scent. Next my ears picked up the delectable sounds squishy sounds fingers make while fingering. I licked my lips, a million questions running through my brain, wondering if today was a day she�d like me to ask about what she was doing. 



� � � � �She spoke before I did, her voice soft, �Guess happened last night.�



� � � � �I frowned, �I don�t know..�



� � � � �A soft sigh, �Guess.�



� � � � ��You won the lottery?� A half-hearted guess at best. 



� � � � ��Well, the depends on what lottery you�re talking about.� She sounded smug and pleased, letting the last word be followed by a low moan before continuing, �Adia and I talked about..� Another moan caused her to drift off, �Lots of things..�



� � � � �I could feel the sweat on my brow, confused. I�d always imagined this would mean no more for her and I, but her I was and she was clearing fingering herself. I opted to sit quietly and wait.



� � � � �The soft squishy sounds grew, not so much louder, but more frequent. My cock ached inside my pants. Another show ended, the news was due up next � twice the absurd backdrop for such happenings as the last time I wrote about things. 



� � � � �Her voice soft and teasing, �Don�t you want to ask anything?�



� � � � �You better believe I did, but I wasn�t sure what to ask first, �Of course.. I�m just not sure what you�d like me to know.� 



� � � � �A soft intake of breath from her and I knew she was truly enjoying things, �You could start with.. Asking.. about.. what we talked.. about.�



� � � � ��What did you talk about?�



� � � � ��Lots of things, but.. in part, being monogamous or being open.� 



� � � � �I swallowed; this clearly wasn�t going to be good for me. �Did you decide anything?�



� � � � �A deep groan, �Oh, yes.. we did.� Her scent was growing stronger and stronger. I could see her in my mind, sweats and panties, if she was wearing any, pulled down. Her pussy exposed for the entire world, save me, to see. No doubt one had was fingering and the other tweaking her nipples. Oh what I wouldn�t give to see that just one time, even if only for a second. 



� � � � ��We decided, that casual sex with others� messes up things between� girls who are getting� serious..� A long pause, I knew she was tormenting me. �Guess what else happened last night..�



� � � � ��I don�t� know.. You had and Adia and mind-blowing sex?� My cock throbbing gently in my pants. Mentally, I was willing her to touch me.. to tease me, but she didn�t.



� � � � ��MMMmmm, of course we did, we always do. God, if only you could feel her tongue..� another sharp intake of breath, �licking.. she has this maddening way of doing it..� A groan, �her breath on my thighs.. jesus you have no idea how fucking good she is.� 



� � � � �I could only, mentally, whimper. No, I had no idea, but my hormone over-filled mind was clearly giving it a go. The image of them locked together, writhing on the bed in pleasure and lust, it�s a wonder I didn�t break down and masturbate then and there. 



� � � � �A stroke, pardon the pun, of boldness hit me, �So, does that mean.. this is the last�?� My voice tailed off. 



� � � � �I could just feel the grin on her face and knew that mine was flushed. She took her time coming to an answer, �Well, no.. not exactly.� The squishy sounds faded, �I gave her that story you wrote.�



� � � � �The silence, save my thumping heart, was deafening. She let it linger, no doubt enjoying my torment.



� � � � �Finally, I asked, �What did she think?�



� � � � �I felt the lightest touch of her hand on my jean covered hardness, �MMmm.. so firm, so constrained.. so aching, I imagine.. right?�



� � � � �My voice soft, she�d hardly ever touched me with her hand, �Yes.. aching..�



� � � � �The cheshire-grin no doubt on her face, �You can choose, either.. I do this firmer,� her hand petted my cock, �or I�ll tell her what she thought.�



� � � � �My addled mind raced. Of course it meant that if she was willing to do this that things weren�t going to be over. I mean, I couldn�t see a downside to picking the stroking and the implied orgasm � the first directly by her hand. That�s exactly what gave me pause, we�d done a question and answer game before, but in the past the right answer hadn�t been so clear. Was there something about her reply that was worth my hearing over the stroking? Clearly, that was hidden, or perhaps not so hidden, implication. The possibilities there flooded my mind, though I knew from past conversations, Adia was extremely unlikely to be interested in the things we did. 



� � � � �What if it was that I asked what she said, that something better could happen and if I didn�t ask, it wouldn�t? Would Stacy do that? Of course she would and, no doubt, taunt me with it. Or would she set this up thinking I�d have to know what Adia had said and pass up what would the first, and possibly only, hand job offer to be made?



� � � � �Her hand rested lightly on my aching cock, �Well? Made up your mind?�



� � � � ��You�re cruel.�



� � � � ��You love it. Choose.�



� � � � �With, a mental curse, a throb and dull ache, a lick of the lips and quick prayer, �As always, the touching.. is up to you, it�s not for me to choose. So, tell me.. what she said.� With parting squeeze her hand left my crotch and I couldn�t help by whimper. 



� � � � ��Interesting choice, but you�re right, it is mine and before I give you the answer, why don�t you let me see it.�



� � � � �I could have choked, it was the rarest of things for this to be asked for. A few fumbles later and I was sitting bare from the waist down, pants around my ankles, cock sticking out into the air, ever so glad to be free. 



� � � � ��Mmm.. so hard and wanting, but not to be touched. Anyway, enough torment. I�d actually sent her the link to your story a few days ago, but hadn�t had time to ask if she�d read it. Last night, before the serious talk, I asked her what she thought.� The light touch of her fingernail grazed my cheek. �Now sit still.� The nail traced my lips and I set as still as I could, the touch itching, making me want to lick my lips. �She thought it was sort of funny.� Her nail giving goose bumps as it slide down my neck. �We talked about it.� Her finger tips sliding over my shirt, �She said she wasn�t really into such things, kinky stuff like that. She has her own.. little set of insatiable and naughty desires you know.� Finger tips found my hard nipple, pinching lightly at first and then harder, �I asked what she thought if I�d done something like that, her knowing it�s just a play thing and nothing serious.� The pinch grew slowly into a twist, �She gave it some thought, especially in light of serious talk, and later said she�d probably be ok with it.�



� � � � �I could feel her breath, her lips right next to my ear. She twisted the other way, making me moan and flex my hips. My voice so soft, �Please tell me you�re not kidding.�



� � � � �I swear I could feel her lips on my ear, �Whose hard cock is that begging for attention?�



� � � � �I swallowed, uncharted territory, �Yours..�



� � � � ��Do you think my cock deserves attention?�



� � � � ��If you�d wish it have some..�



� � � � ��Ask.�



� � � � �My lips and mouth so dry, �May I give your cock some attention?�



� � � � ��Yes, but slowly.� 



� � � � �My mind reeled as I slowly stroked my cock, uncharted territory indeed. Up and down my hand moved, hips flexing and moving in time. 



� � � � ��How long as it been since my cock spurted?�



� � � � �As if either of us didn�t know, �Four days.� Which isn�t a very long time, but short enough to really miss the last orgasm and for the body to still want and expect another one. 



� � � � �Her fingers slid to my other nipple, tweaking it and making me gasp. Her tongue traced the edge of my ear, �Easy, go slower.�



� � � � �Whimpering in frustration, I slowed my increasing stroking. The need to orgasm growing ever stronger and the urge to ask, to beg, growing. �Please..�



� � � � �A harder pinch, �Please what?� 



� � � � ��Please.. may your cock orgasm..?� I felt so foolish. The words seeming so stilted. 



� � � � ��That�s up to you.�



� � � � �Confusion, �Up to me?� As if there was any doubt what I�d pick. 



� � � � �Of course, with her, there�s always a hitch, �You can choose to.. or you can choose something else.�



� � � � ��Please, no choices. Please, just tell me I can.� A twinge of desperation filling me. 



� � � � �Her smiling voice as her hand left my gently stinging nipple and grasped my stroking hand. The idle thought of what the hell was I going to make of this later fluttered into my head to be chased off by the growing sense of impending orgasm growing in my balls. 



� � � � ��Here�s the choice: Either you can spurt here and now, with me watching.. and you cleaning up any mess made or you can stop now and, you see, Adia would like to meet you. She doesn�t know you wrote the story and is curious to meet the boytoy, but you need to agree to that.�



� � � � �Silence while I digested that. 



� � � � ��One more little note to influence things, I promise, if you choose to meet Adia, you won�t ever forget the evening.� Oh how the lingering promise of something unknown, but impishly good is maddening appealing. 



� � � � ��When would I meet her?�



� � � � ��Tomorrow evening.�



� � � � �Of course, by now, you probably know my mind. She�d manipulated me like a fiddle player who�d beat Johnny and his fiddle made of gold. The rest of the night was anticlimactic, in more ways that one. We got dressed and talked, with the blindfold off and my face beat red the whole time. My cock truly aching in my pants and mind reeling what had happened and what I�d agreed to. 



� � � � �Curiosity killed the cat and, worse still, made the horny man choose on the manipulative promise of an unforgettable evening over gratification. Later it would dawn on me that the promise hadn�t been for a good unforgettable, just unforgettable. 



� � � � �Only the most restless of sleeps visited me that night.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kraven


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





