BDSM Library - Captive Twins




Captive Twins
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Asian twins get abducted by a demented sadist.







Disclaimer:  This story is a work of fiction and includes adult
situations and extreme acts of sexual depravity, including rape and torture

 
  Jimmy Lam
   jim
  2
  7
  2006-06-06T20:20:00Z
  2006-06-06T20:20:00Z
  1
  6672
  38036
  JQL Inc.
  316
  89
  44619
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Disclaimer:&nbsp;
This story is a work of fiction and includes adult situations and extreme acts
of sexual depravity, including rape and torture.&nbsp; It is intended for
adults only.&nbsp; If you are under the age of eighteen or, in some
jurisdictions, twenty-one, do not continue past this point.&nbsp; If you desire
to read on, it is by your own choice and responsibility as a free adult in a
free society.&nbsp; All characters in this story are fictitious.&nbsp; Any
resemblance to real persons living or dead,
is purely coincidental.&nbsp; The author does not condone any nonconsensual
sexual activity in the real world.&nbsp; This is fantasy, not reality, and it
should stay that way.

&nbsp;(Note:
Chapter one of this story was previously published
under another name and under my other pseudonym. This is an extended, updated
version)

&nbsp;

Joseph
Kempton was tired. His eyelids were heavy, and they droop constantly. He had a
few close calls driving this lonely and desolate road. Yet, he drove it daily.
Joe had lived closer to the city before but has since moved further away. The
business at his three man repair shop was slow, listless, and most likely
unprofitable. He should pay more attention to it especially since he had spent
thirty of his forty eight years slaving away to open it. 

&nbsp;

The
headlights lit up a large granite boulder sitting on the side of the road. Joe
made an abrupt turn, almost missing the hidden path that he had discovered
several years ago. The dirt path slowly gave way to a cement driveway and a
cabin styled house. His formerly droopy eyes now lit up. He was happy to be
home. Work was harsh. For few measly dollars, he allowed the world to trod on him, his dignity, and
self-esteem. Yet at home, he was safe, sheltered, and most of all king. 

&nbsp;

The
first thing Joe does when he comes home was to strip down and hit the shower.
Yet for the past two days, his routine had changed somewhat, just as his life
had. Instead, he stripped down and headed straight into his storage room. It
was ironically empty, and in the middle of the room laid a trap door that Joe
lifted with ease, opening up to the stairs that led him down into an
underground chamber that was almost as large as the building above.


&nbsp;

The
lighting was adjustable and every time he was here, he had it up. He wanted to
see his prized babies and treasured toys. In the middle of the room were two asian girls. Under the bright glow
of the lights, it was impossible not to say they were gorgeous. Both had large
dark almond shaped eyes and long shouldered length black hair. And each, were
small and petite. Even standing on tip toes, they were no more than five-five,
five-six. 

&nbsp;

As
of the last 12 hours, this was what they were doing. Both girls stood on one
foot, and their small 105 lbs. frame rested solely on the tips of their toes.
The small of their calves were taut, and Joe traced their legs up to their
small rounded buttocks and wispy waist. Resting on their ample small-sized
C-cup breasts were beads of sweat as were the rest of their bodies. However, it
was this that Joe noticed as their nipples stood erect, red, and sore. The main
cause of this was Joe�s ingenious handiwork. Each girl stood only on one foot
as the big toe of other was lifted and bounded in the air to their nipple. Had
the girl rested her foot, her nipple would have been torn from her breast. 

&nbsp;

Needless
to say, their bodies were twisted over to slacken the pressure and soothe the
sore muscles. Even in their fatigue state, they had heard Joe�s footsteps and
slowly turned to stare tiredly at him. The girl on the left was like the classic
Chinese beauty. Her skin was ivory white and smooth. The girl on the right had
a tanned complexion. Both were toned and athletic as their endurance stood
proof of it. It was only when they lifted their faces that the casual observer
could see that the two young women were twins, exact replicas of one another
save for the aforementioned difference � a trait that Joe especially enjoyed. 

&nbsp;

He
walked over to the whiter sister and grabbed a hold of her tit flesh. She
yelped and tried to twist away. 

&nbsp;

�Please
Joe, don�t do this to her.� The girl�s voice was harsh and sounded as tired as
she looked. As he pulled the girl by her tits to him, he gave her a wet messy
lick that lapped up a small stream of tear. He turned to the other girl and
flashed a contented, defiant grin as if saying, �See, I can do as I please.� 

&nbsp;

�Take
me instead. I met you first. You want me.� 

&nbsp;

Joe
ignored her and continued to nibble at her sister�s neck, then tit and nipples.
All the while, he listened to her plea. It was true. He had met her first.
Janice Liu was the girl who called Joe�s Repair. Joe had come personally and
was immediately taken by her simple charm. She had seemed like a nice girl, the
type he had wished he had met sooner. Then he would have been married and even
have a kid or two. Instead, his life was plagued by bad luck. So instead, he
spent the sexual energy of his youth on porn, strip joints, and cheap whores.
Yet when he met Janice Liu, he felt something different. 

&nbsp;

The
residence was old and small. Janice had asked for an estimate on a much needed
repair of the air condition. The price quoted, though high, was fair, and so
she paid him for the job. He wanted to prolong his stay, but soon gave up the
idea. It was a simple job and if he took too long, it would make himself seem
incompetent. Besides, she was too young, too pretty, and too intelligent. In
short, Janice was too good for him. 

&nbsp;

He
was surprised several weeks later to see their address show up on his company�s
appointment list one day, and he made sure it was he and not one of his men who
went. This time, it was for the vents. �You guys do a great job and are fair,�
she had said, smiling at him. Over the course of the year, Joe began to offer
Janice discounts. The girl had unabashedly took them, calling in for more
repairs as soon as they had the money. 

&nbsp;

A
slow transformation began at the Liu residence and in Joe�s heart. He was in
love. He was sure the girl felt the same. It was not his fair practice or the
discounts he gave that attracted her, but him. He was surprised to find Janice
being distant and aloof one day only to be even more shock to find later that
it was Jessica who admitted him. Despite their similarities, he was attracted
only to Janice. 

&nbsp;

However,
it was during his last repair visit when this all changed. Janice had wanted
the water heater replaced, and as Joe was busy working, he had overheard Janice
talking with Jessica. 

&nbsp;

�Are
you really going to work abroad Jan?� 

&nbsp;

�Absolutely. This is a great
internship, and plus, there�s Steve.� 

&nbsp;

�Steve
is a great guy. You�re so lucky. I just can�t believe he proposed. So I assume
you�re accepting?� 

&nbsp;

�I
don�t know. I want to focus on my career first. You know, ever since mom and
dad died, we�ve been struggling. So�I don�t know�but I love him so eventually,�
Janice said with a sigh. 

&nbsp;

That
bitch! Joe had wanted to slap her right then and there. She had played him.
All the times she called and the little chats they had were just for his repair services. She had milked him
for the discounts. The smiles and the thank you notes were all fraudulent. She
was a whore. He was heartbroken. Yet Joe contained himself. Perhaps she was shy
and didn�t know his intentions. So he told himself that the next time he would
tell her his feelings. The result was even worse. 

&nbsp;

She
pretended to be confused, shocked, and started with lies and excuses. When he
tried to kiss her to show her how he felt and allowed her to feel his love, she
had slapped him. Then afterwards, all was silent. No more calls for repairs. He
was used, and he vowed to even the score. Joe glared at the bounded girl as he
continued to assault her sister. His hands ran down her flat abdomen, across
her mound, and along her girly slit. He continued to look at Janice. One of his
fat fingers slowly parted her sex lips as the girl began to shook her head and
would have whimpered �no� had he not stop her by kissing her. Suddenly, he
stopped. Virgin. He
gave Janice another chilly grin. 

&nbsp;

�Joe,
please. You are right last night. I admit. I�m a slut. I played you. Let Jess
go. Let me show you how much I love you.� 

&nbsp;

Finally,
he let go of Jessica. Interpreting this as her success, Janice continued in as
sexy of a voice as she knew, �Joe I love you. I just didn�t know better. I�ll
be the perfect girl.� 

&nbsp;

Joe
went to a rack and picked up a long punishment cane. The girl stopped her
pleading and even the shell shocked Jessica stopped crying. �You�ve been such a
slut. No a fucking SLUT WHORE!� Joe could no longer control his anger. Even
bounded as she was, this bitch was trying to seduce him. He began to lash at
her, aiming only at her upper thigh. Both girls screamed. 

&nbsp;

With
her arms bound behind her and one big toe bounded to her nipple, Janice could
do nothing but hold still and scream. Finally, Joe stopped. Tears and snot drip
from her beautiful face. A strong hand lifted her chin and wiped away the mess.
�You�re a filthy slut. Jessica there is a virgin. Why would I want a slut?� 

&nbsp;

He
started to walk toward Jessica again. Janice quickly shook off her trance. �I�m
a virgin too.� Joe stopped as if thinking, then he continued his pace. �Believe
me. I can show you. I�ve saved myself for a man like you.� 

&nbsp;

He
turned around. Janice�s eyes were wide with hope. She had gotten this psycho
into their world, not her sister, and it should be her who should pay for the
mistake. All the while, Jessica just shook and sobbed. 

&nbsp;

�A slut like you, a virgin? You
must be giving tons of head or fucking with that bumhole
of yours.� 

&nbsp;

�No.
I-I�haven�t ever did any of
those�� the girl blushed. 

&nbsp;

The
man was up in her face now, smelling her. He took a handful of her tit and
squeezed roughly. She yelped, but seeing his face, she quickly turned it into a
soft moan. His hands roamed down into her sex, inspecting. A wide wicked smile
came over Joe�s face as he discovered her precious hymen. �I�ll be damn. A fucking virgin whore. Your cunt�s too precious for a cock? You cock tease!� 

&nbsp;

�No
PLEASE!� Janice screamed, squinting
her eyes shut. 

&nbsp;

She
heard the dreaded cane swish the empty air. �AaaaaHHHhhh!�
she heard her sister scream. Three more swift blows follow and they were all
aimed cruelly at singly taut tit that was cruelly stretched by the bondage. 

&nbsp;

�NoooooooOOOO! Joe, please. Hit me. Punish me. I deserve it.� 

&nbsp;

Joe
stopped. �Hmmm�where should I punish you?� 

&nbsp;

The
girl thought for a moment before saying, �My bottom.� 

&nbsp;

He
stepped behind her and tapped her bottom. Janice shuddered. �It�s no good,� Joe
whispered into her ear. �Some place more painful,� he cooed as he walked back toward
Jessica. 

&nbsp;

�No,
not again,� Jessica whimpered as she tried to hop away, as much as the ropes
allow. 

&nbsp;

His
cane came again onto her stretched tit. �MY BREAST!� shouted Janice. 

&nbsp;

Joe
stopped again. He stared at Janice who lowered her eyes and whispered, �Please
Joe, hit my breast.� 

&nbsp;

He
lifted her chin with the cane. �Watch and listen carefully,� he said calmly.
SWIIIISSSH! The soft pliable stick cut through the air until it made loud
contact with her tit flesh. �YEOOOOOOWwWW!�

&nbsp;

�A
nice girl has breasts, but a bitch like you have tits!� he screamed as two more
blows came down on her. He waited until she calmed down. Walking up to her, he
again removed the strings of saliva and snot from her face. Gently wiping away
the tears, he patted her head. �It�s okay. It hurts doesn�t it?� Still sobbing,
Janice could only nod. 

&nbsp;

Jessica
sobbed with her as she watched from some seven or eight feet away. All Janice
could feel was the pain and didn�t know how her sister could manage so many
more blows. �Please Joe,� she finally managed to say between sobs, �don�t hit
us anymore. I�ll do anything you want. Just let my sister go.� 

&nbsp;

�I
can�t promise anything. What happens if you lie to me again and run off with
some other prick.� 

&nbsp;

�I
won�t Joe. I�ll be loyal this time. Just you,� she pleaded. 

&nbsp;

�Hmm��
Joe stepped back, looking at the sisters. Janice was looking at him with
entreating eyes, begging him through the tears to take her and only her.
Jessica was too scared to say anything and kept her gaze downward. To him, each
sister elicited their own special charm. Jessica was an angel. Her skin was so
white and ivory, like her person, unblemished. Yet when he looked at Janice,
her tanned physique silently screamed of sex! However, she was a slut despite
what the evidence. No she was worst then that. She tempted but never gave out.
He needed to correct her, make her understand her place, if not for himself,
then for other men. This was Joe�s duty. 


He looked again at Jessica. Why shouldn�t he have both? Jessica would be his
reward for doing the world a service. He would train Janice and win Jessica�s
heart. He smiled at the thought. 

&nbsp;

�Slut!� 

&nbsp;

�Yes,
Joe?� Janice replied. 

&nbsp;

�She�s
not a slut!� Jessica screamed back. Her eyes finally gleamed with hate and
defiance. She could no longer hold back. She was afraid, but seeing her sister
offering herself to this disgusting beast was too much. Tonight, she would
either be beaten to death or vomit to death seeing her sister such. 

&nbsp;

Joe�s
smile widened. �I don�t think so either, but your sister might disagree. Right?� 

&nbsp;

Janice�s
eyes darted between her sister�s and the beast that stood between them, the
very shape of an unholy trinity. Finally, she blushed and softly sighed, �I AM
a slut.� 

&nbsp;

�See?
But don�t worry, good old Joe�s here to make sure you won�t turn out like your
sister,� he said while he ran his hands over her porcelain skin. She hopped
back, but he didn�t pursue further. Instead he walked to Janice and began to
untie her cruel bondage. Immediately, she dropped the leg that was held up. Joe
spent the next minute slowly unknotting the rope around her nipple. As blood
ran back into it, she gave a soft yelped. 

&nbsp;

�Please,
undo Jess� as well.� 

&nbsp;

Joe
seemingly complied, but instead of untying the rope, he produced a long pair of
scissors which he snapped menacingly. 

&nbsp;

�You�re
crazy!� screamed Jessica as she tried to hop away to no avail. Joe had one arm
wrapped around her shoulder as the other held the blades close to her elongated
nipple. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t!
What is it you want?�

&nbsp;

�Security. You know, you broke my
heart and now I�m a little insecure. I don�t know if I can trust you.� 

&nbsp;

�You
can. I promise!�

&nbsp;

�But
you�ve been such a slut. I don�t know if you can change.�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I will. I can.� 

&nbsp;

�Hmm��
Joe taunted, �maybe I should
teach you. Do you want to learn?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes.
YEsyesyes�� she nodded vehemently. 

&nbsp;

Joe
let out a hearty laugh. �You want to learn before knowing what I have to teach?
Do you know what I want to teach?� She shook her head. �Take a guess.� Joe tapped
the cane against his free hand. 

&nbsp;

�To
behave?� the girl asked. 

&nbsp;

�Behave?
I guess that�s close. Behave how?� 

&nbsp;

She
thought for awhile before adding, �How not to be a slut?� 

&nbsp;

�Don�t
Janice. Don�t talk to the psycho.� Jessica pleaded. She knew this stupid game
was to humiliate her sister, but Janice ignored her. 

&nbsp;

�Tsk tsk�NO,� Joe said
affirmatively. �You know what your fault is?� Again, the girl shook her head.
How can she be at fault? She never liked the fucking loser. She never even
flirted with him. She wanted to say, �For fucking calling you in the first
place. For being nice to and smiling at
you.� 

&nbsp;

�For
thinking you�re too pure, too precious for men like me. I�m too old, too out of
shape for you right? But you needed something from me, wanted me to fix your
things for free, so you played with me.� 

&nbsp;

She
wanted to deny those false accusations and tell him that he was insane. Yet she
knew it was useless. He was going to interpret whichever way his demented mind
wanted. So with much self-discipline, she whispered, �Yes, I�m sorry Joe.� 

&nbsp;

�Master. Call me master from now
on. From now on, I will take on the laborious job as your master and train you
to be something useful. Do you hear?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes,
master.� 

&nbsp;

�Now-
where was I? Yes. You acted like a slut but in fact you are not.� His cane
poked painfully at her sex box. �Your unused cunt is
a sin. You�ve tempted, used, and cheated men of their prize, just like you did
to me. You�re a fraud. I can�t allow this bigotry. Either you are or are not a
slut. Are you a slut? Or is SHE A SLUT?� He pointed at Jessica. 

&nbsp;

�Fuck
YOU!� Jessica spat venomously. Tears welled in her eyes as well as Janice. It
was more than the torment or the verbal garbage he was dumping on them. Both
sister shed tears for the same reason � for what this man was changing them
into. Janice accepted all the false charges while Jessica, who almost never
cursed nor hated, had poison in her veins. She knew it and hated the man even
more for making her hate and having her think of a million evil ways she would
kill him given a chance. That broke her the most. 

&nbsp;

�Ah,
so maybe you are the slut. You need want to fuck me already,� he said as he
took a step in Jessica�s direction. 

&nbsp;

�NO.
I�m THE SLUT!!!� shouted Janice. 

&nbsp;

�Oh?
But you�re not a real one. Well don�t worry. That�s what I�m going to teach
you. How to be a slut. You
want that don�t you?� he said, as he gave Jessica�s lifted leg a slight
downward tug. The girl led out a scream. 

&nbsp;

�Yes.
Teach me master. I want to learn.� 

&nbsp;

He
walked behind her and kissed her lips. Janice wanted to move away but wisely
remained still. �If I untie you, would you obey.�


&nbsp;

�Yes
master. I will obey.� 

&nbsp;

�Good,�
he said as he began to untie her bindings. Almost immediately, Janice fell to
the ground. Her limps were weak, sore, and disobedient. Joe was amused and gave
the slut a slight kick. Janice fell over but otherwise ignored it and began to
massage and move her tightened joints. 

&nbsp;

�Let�s
go slut, time to begin learning,� Joe said impatiently as he began to walk
toward the stairs. 

&nbsp;

�Master,�
Janice asked, �please unbound Jessica.� 

&nbsp;

Joe
looked over at the other girl. Another night like this, and her nipple would be
torn. So he walked over and freed her big toe from her nipple, but leaving her
still bound, with arms behind her back and feet barely touching the ground.
Janice waited, as if expecting her sister to be free.

&nbsp;

�What?
That�s it for now unless you want me to tie her by her tits. Is that what you
want?� 

&nbsp;

�Nononono,� Janice stammered. 

&nbsp;

�Then
let�s go,� Joe commanded. 

&nbsp;

Janice
got up unsteadily onto her feet and walked after Joe, but the man suddenly
turned around and took a swipe at her with his cane. Instinctively, Janice fell
backwards to avoid the hit. �ON YOUR HANDS AND KNEES!!!� he bellowed. Even
Jessica jumped at his sudden outburst of anger. Janice quickly did as told.
�Get up, on your knees, hands behind your head.� 

&nbsp;

The
girl complied. 

&nbsp;

�Let
me explain something. When I try to punish you, you take it. DON�T EVER TRY TO
AVOID IT!� Joe screamed again as he swung full force at her tits. A piercing
shriek filled the room as Janice�s hands quickly left their designated place to
massage her sore mammary. �What did I say????�

&nbsp;

The
girl quickly resumed her position but fresh tears welled in her eyes. �Let�s
try this again. I�ll keep doing it until you can keep still.� 

&nbsp;

After
three more attempts, Janice was finally able to take the beating. She locked
her fingers tightly around one another and held her hands close to her head,
even wrapping her hair around them to prevent their instinctive movement. Joe
was satisfied after seeing the long angry welt on her ample tit flesh. 

&nbsp;

�Now,
lesson two. Unless I say it�s okay to walk, you crawl. You hear me bitch?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes
master.� Janice answered. 

&nbsp;

Joe
snapped his finger as he turned around as if gesturing to a dog. Janice
understood the clue and began to crawl after her master. Joe again stopped and
turned around. Janice jumped slightly,
afraid he�ll hit her, but remained in position. Joe patted her on her head, and
complimented, �Good bitch. Good slut bitch.� He couldn�t help breaking into a
loud laughter as he continued to ascend. 

&nbsp;

Janice
turned around and to look at her sister. Perhaps this might be the last time
she would see her. The crazy bastard might rape and kill her. She wanted to run
to her sister and unbind the cruel bondage. Yet she knew better. That would do
neither of them any good. 

&nbsp;



�Come on doggie!� she heard Joe�s voice.
Humiliatingly, she lowered her head and crawled as fast as she can, like a
human bitch up the stairs to her cruel master.



Janice Liu closed her eyes as the warm running water hit her
face. Her tan body was wet and slippery from the soap. She gently scrubbed it
just as if she were at home. Yet all she had to do was turn her head to see
that she was not. The man that had yanked her cruelly down to hell was there,
sitting on the toilet seat like a king. He didn�t say anything except, �Carry
on,� whenever she stopped. She ran her hands down to her private. It was now
cleanly shaven. The blush on her face would be evident had it not been for the
warm water. She felt even more naked. 

&nbsp;

What was her fault? For being kind,
gentle, and nice? Was it such a sin that both her and her sister were
condemned to suffer thus? She didn�t have time to contemplate more on the
matter for she knew she could no longer prolong the inevitable. The sick man
sitting on his throne of shit was going to get anxious, which would also mean
that he would get mad and maybe violent. She didn�t want to suffer and didn�t
want Jess to suffer either. So she turned off the shower.

&nbsp;

�You are so beautiful, slut,� Joe said as he looked at the
girl�s trembling naked body. She was standing high on her tip toes as he had
instructed. 

&nbsp;

�Thank you, master,� replied Janice, not knowing what else
to say. The man was taking his time admiring her body. It was humiliating
standing bare and with nipples erect from the cool room air. 

&nbsp;

�Is it uncomfortable standing on your toes?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes, master.� 

&nbsp;

�Let me explain to you that shoes and clothes are earned.
Since you have been so obedient, I will be generous. You may put them on.� He
pointed to a box on the floor. Janice retrieved the item and put on the 6-inch
strapped high heels. It was not comfortable but it did ease the pressure on her
toes even if they did little for her calves. She again thanked the bastard. 

&nbsp;

He stepped forward and grabbed hold of her full firm tit. He
squeezed, held, then reluctantly let go. �So, you said
before that you were a virgin?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes, master.� 

&nbsp;

�Hmm�� he said as he ran his hands over the curve of her
back, �never been fucked?� 

&nbsp;

�No, master,� she blushed. This time it was obvious. 

&nbsp;

�Not here?� he ran over her slit and patted her thighs,
which she parted reluctantly.

&nbsp;

�No, master.� 

&nbsp;

�Here?� he said as he slit a hand between her butt crack. Again, she replied in the negative. �And here?� he
said running finger over her luscious lips, done over in a light pink gloss
that was both natural and seductive. He inserted another finger into her mouth.
Not knowing what to do, she did what she thought was best- yield.


&nbsp;

She shook her head no as her mouth was filled by the intruders index and middle finger. He pulled back as if to
remove the finger only to push forward again. �Make a vacuum and seal your
lips. If I feel your teeth, I�ll pull out your sister�s.� She did as told as
the man finger fucked her mouth.

&nbsp;

�I�m shocked, truly,� he said as he tied the unresisting
beauty�s slender wrists together behind her back. �A hot cunt like you?� he
continued as he yanked her hair back and tying her long mane to her wrists with
a small rough piece of hemp, immobilizing her head. The girl said nothing the
entire time but the beet redness of her face was indication of the effects his
words had on her. Indeed, he was making a shameful mockery of her chastity. 

&nbsp;

As he fingers pinched, twisted, and turned her nipples, she
could do no more save stare face to face with this wicked man. She had once
considered him a nice man, and maybe even a friend. Yet never did she think he
would harbor such evil and lusty thoughts about her. A tear fell through her
long lashes. When she opened her eyes, a new threat loomed over her. She saw
the man holding several wooden clothespin
threateningly close to her tits. She tried to shake her head but managed only a
weak left to right motion given her bondage. 

&nbsp;

�Master, please.� 

&nbsp;

�These,� he said as he clamped one onto her nipple, �shall,�
he continued clamping, �remain in place,� he added two more onto each tit,
�until I finish.� Her cries dulled a bit by now and only a stifled sob remain.
He led her over the back of a wooden chair and bent her over it. Her long legs
were tied a modest distant apart to the legs of the chair as the back of the
chair dug into her firm abdomen. 

&nbsp;

He examined her still sore cunt and the slightly raised
marks that the early whipping had left. Joe�s bent over and lied on top of the
girl, mimicking her position. Janice felt the additional weight suffocating
her. She wanted to get it over with and at the same time dreaded what was to
come. She felt his warm slimy body on hers and his foul breathe and reptilian
tongue slither out, licking her neck, the back of her ear, and her face. A few
more tears dropped onto the floor beneath. 

&nbsp;

�This is what you�ve been waiting for slut, and tonight your
wait is over. This is what you wanted right? Ever since I met you, you�ve been
hungry for my cock. You wanted to see if I were man enough to take you. Now I
have.� He jerked her hair back, arching her neck painfully. �Tell me, ask me to
fuck you, to ravish your cunt and make you a whore.� 

&nbsp;

Janice had anticipated this since her capture but when the
moment arrived, she could not accept it. She dreamt of saving herself in order
to honor the man whom she would spend the rest of her life with, and up until
the present, Steve was the sole candidate. �Nooo, pleaseeee.�
She began to thrash in her bonds, but the man again fell on top of her, easily
squashing any attempts at freedom. 

&nbsp;

�If you�re not ready, that�s fine,� he said as he got up.
�Jessica is a good girl, and she seems rather lonely down there.� He picked up
a switch and two saw-toothed tit clamps and purposely walked in front of her so
that even through her teary eyes, Janice could well see pass the veiled threat.


&nbsp;

Though older by a minute and forty seconds, Janice took her
role as the elder sister seriously and was determined to shield her younger
sister from harm. She choked back her sorrows and said in a timid voice, �No,
please.� There was defeat in every syllable. 

�Master, take me. I am sorry. I was not thinking straight.� 

&nbsp;

Joe placed the instruments of torture on the seat of the
chair to which the poor girl was bound. The sound of the metal scrapping the
wooden seat as the chair swayed ever so slightly from the uneven heave of the
sobbing girl was the only ghastly sound. He waited before saying in a soft,
patient voice, �Ask me nicely and maybe I�ll change my mind.� 

&nbsp;

She sniffed up her pride along with her snob and tears.
�Master, please fuck me. Janice is a slut. She needs a man cock. Please take my
useless virginity. Make me a whore. Your whore!!!� she screamed as she broke
into a sob. 

&nbsp;

She could feel him behind her. SLAP SLAPSLAP. He was
spanking her. �Repeat after me, �I am a fucking slut.�� She did. With each humiliating
slap on her ass, she cursed and damned herself. She felt his disgusting prick
at her slit. Joe was moving his cock along her slit, feeling every bit of her
femininity with his masculinity. It was smooth and soft. She felt his heated
rod, rock hard. Her heat beat faster. What was she to expect? Would it hurt?
She prayed that he would be fast. All twenty years of her waited for this
moment, to have a man take away her precious gem. Yet this was not the way she
had imagined it to be. It was supposed to be a prince charming not the devil. 

&nbsp;

She gasped, feeling its bulbous head at her entrance. It was
hot and burning. Her heart rate hastened. Slowly it pushed its head into her.
The warmth! It moved slowly and though only half of its head was in, she could
already sense the man�s largeness. Joe moved slow, very slow. He had planned
the moment ahead of time. He was to savor the moment and wanted her to too.
This was going to be a fucking she would never forget! 

&nbsp;

He had hit the hymen. The girl was dry, but that was better.
He would have her raw. She was already moaning. The fullness and the slight
tearing and stretching sensation will be nothing compared to what will happen
next. He readied himself for the onslaught. He paused and readied his spear. He
grabbed hold of her round buttocks and squeezed. �Tell DADDY,� he said slowly,
to punctuate every syllable, �to fuck you.� 

&nbsp;

�FUCK ME DADDY!� shouted the girl. She desperately wanted
him to go away or for herself to disappear. A crooked smile appeared on his face
as he launched. It was a brutal thrust and it reached deep into her cunt
hitting her sensitive cervix. He had conquered territory previously unknown to
man. He was the explorer, founder of the new territories. His paced quickened,
but never did he withdraw from her warm, soft cunt. He sawed her. With each
forward and backward motion, he was cutting into her soul, her pride, and her
self-worth. He would take all that from her. 

&nbsp;

She wanted to just rock silently to his administering but
even that was denied her as her mouth was forced to utter filth.
�Uggh�fucc-cc-kkk mmm�eee�dddaaa-ddeee�� she stuttered as her breathing was
punctuated by the pressure caused by the chair on her lung. It hurt. Stung. Ripped. Torn.
Burnt. Yet none of those feelings were as painful as
the fact and knowledge that in one thrust, her girlish dream, her fairy tales,
were all shattered. More still, it was her angelic voice that begged for it and
that begged still, spurring him on. She wished for the earth to swallow her up
but even this was another broken hope for who would take her place. It was
true. She met this monster first, and it was because of her that he entered
their lives. She could not bear the idea of having her sister in her place and
suffer what she was now suffering. 

&nbsp;

Finally, after the tears from her crying and the blood from
her split virgin cunt had gathered into a small puddle beneath her did the man
grunt his final exclamation of lust. But a new fear awoken within her. �Please don�t come in me!!!� she
shouted. SMACK SMACK. The man continued his thursts. 

&nbsp;

�Then slut,� he said, yanking on her mane like a jockey
would the rein of a horse, �where should I cum?� She was at a lost, but the
man, with the self-discipline of a sadist, helped her out by adding, �Perhaps on
your face?� 

&nbsp;

She felt his cock twitch. There wasn�t enough time. So she
shouted impatiently, �YES�please Master, cum on my face!�

&nbsp;

He ignored her. �I like Daddy more,� he chided. 

&nbsp;

�Daddy, cum on my face!!!�

&nbsp;

He took one final thrust and extracted his cock from her
sore, bare cunt with an audible plop. Her face was already arched up when he
came. A torrent of sticky semen plastered her face and a few landed on her
hair. It rolled down over part of her nostrils and some stuck to her eyes. She
tried to blink it away but to no avail. He again tenderly helped her by
spreading it to the side so she can see his monstrous cock- thick and long. The
veins were still pulsating menacingly. He stuck it to her lips. �Just like
before,� he reminded her of the finger fucking. 

&nbsp;

She opened her mouth and wondered whether it would really
fit, and it didn�t. Her jaw arched wide open as she choked on it. She was
gurgling and gasping. He was not as gentle with her mouth. He shoved it down
her throat. Fresh tears spilled from her eyes as she continued to gag. He
pushed her head toward his pubis and held it. Finally, he pulled back, watching
her cough up spit and cum. He crouched down to her face level and patted her
head. �What do you say after a good fucking?� 

&nbsp;

She looked at him and through teary eyes, mumbled, �Thank
you Daddy for fucking me.�



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Janice spent the next three days and nights being Joe�s
human mattress. She was tied spread eagle to his bed. He fucked and slept on
her. Aside from being allowed twice a day to relieve herself, she was his
mattress. The cum on her body began to grow. She smell of sweat and cum and even she got sick of herself. Why
hasn�t he? Was he really so sick that he still found her attractive even in
this state? 

&nbsp;

Janice could not comprehend the man. And
what of her sister? Joe rarely left save to
eat, and even then, he would return to the bed with food and taunted her with
it. Most of the time though, he just fucked her.
Janice literally had her brains fucked out. She sucked cock and learnt for the
first time how to please a man with not just her body. She was forced to moan,
to talk dirty, and to act. She learned when to twist and arch her body, what
and how loud or soft to grunt, and practiced controlling her cunt muscles. This
was all perfected through threats, direct and indirect. When he was tired, they
would watch films. All sorts of porn and all sorts of actresses taught Janice.
She had to learn. She was nauseous from the viewing. Finally, when she felt
like she couldn�t take anymore and vomit, she was freed. 

&nbsp;

She bathed and was allowed to put on clothes. She donned a
v-neck blouse and mid-length skirt with a floral pattern. The whole attire was
modest and not much different from what she would wear save the same pair of
heels. �Today,� Joe explained, �we�re going to tie up loose ends.� 

&nbsp;

Janice had no idea what that meant at first but as the day
progress, she felt the full weight of those words. She and Jess would be his!
Acting for both her and her sister, Janice took an extended leave from college
and work. She paid off her lease and practically gave everything away. She
called her friends to say good-bye and the word would soon spread that she was
going abroad. Steve was the last person she called. Abruptly, he hung her up. Only when Joe showed her the stills of their �love-making� session
did she understood. Her boyfriend had received the email of her
indiscretion. At that moment, she realized, she really did not have anything
left. She fell forward on the dashboard and cried. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Jessica was kneeling on all fours and slept hunched forward
like a she-bitch when she saw the lights go on. Joe was back, and she was
happy. He came and freed her from the cage. Quickly, and rather eagerly, she
crawled to him and kissed his feet. She was shier than her sister, but as she
had proved days earlier, could be as strong as steel when needed. However, Joe
had her kryptonite. It was Janice, and Janice hung on her toes, with a training
hood covering her face, preventing her from hearing and seeing what transpired
a few feet before her. 

&nbsp;

Two days earlier, Jessica was still vehemently violent
toward this man. She hated him. He had betrayed their trust. Her sister had
thought him a nice man when he was their repair guy. He was pudgy but friendly.
Never did she thought he was capable of such horror.
She was hurt. More than that, she was angry for the way he made her sister act.
She didn�t see her sister until then, and needlessly, she knew what had happen.
A girl knows, regardless of what she says to others, how attractive she is.
Jessica knew that she, and thus Janice as well, were very pretty girls. A loser
like Joe, in complete control of a girl like her sister for days, would have
taken his liberties with her body. 

&nbsp;

At the sight of her sister, she teared up. What aggravated
her further was the hood over her sister�s face and the manner with which she
was strung up. It was cruel. �What do you want!!! Let
us go, you sick demented bastard!� she shouted. 

&nbsp;

Joe ignored her and instead went to a tool box. He took out
a clamp with screws which he proceeded to clamp her sister�s nips. Even through
the hood, Jessica could see hear her sister�s muffled �ummmppphs.� He added
small weights to them as well, tugging her precious orbs downward. He next
fetched a cane. Methodically, he decorated the front and back of her thighs
with red welts. 

&nbsp;

�STOP�PEELLEEAAAASE!� screamed Jessica seeing her sister
jerk and sway about. �YOU MONSTER�stopppp�no I�m sorry. Stop. Haven�t you done
enough? Stop�fine�do whatever to me�you want sex? IS that what you WANT???? JUST STOP!� 

&nbsp;

He did, but only momentarily. He began to whip Janice�s
tits. The top, side, underside, none escaped the cane�s touch. �I�ll have sex
with you. Y�you,� she choked on the words, but as she saw her sister�s
trembling body, she found the courage to say it, �can fuck me too! Take me.
Take my virginity. Just stop�please.� 

&nbsp;

He stopped, and said as a hurt child would, �Apologize.� 

&nbsp;

Jessica looked up at him and quickly stuttered, �Joe, I�m
sorry.� 

&nbsp;

�For what?� 

&nbsp;

�For being so snobby. For---� she didn�t know what for, but she quickly found what she
thought was a suitable reply, �for not knowing how much you love us.� 

&nbsp;

Joe walked up to her and lifted her chin. Yes, she was innocent. More
so than that whore of sister. She kissed him lightly on the lips.
Jessica trembled in fear. The man really had power over them. She had lost. He
saw it too, but he didn�t not untie her yet. 

&nbsp;

�To get the point across so you will NEVER,� he punctuated
the word with a loud SMACK on Janice�s exposed cunt, and the girl thrashed
about despite the searing pain the weights were sending through her nipples
from her movements. �EVER,� he hit her again after she slowed down, �SAY,� he
hit her again. �ANYTHING,� yet another hit. �NAUGHTY,� one more blow.
�AGAIN!!!� the blow found Janice�s clit. She thrashed more wildly this time and
shook in a grotesque display of pain and submission. 

&nbsp;

Jessica was crying �no� the entire time. The lesson was a
hard one, but she quickly learned what was taught. She was chosen to be Joe�s
�good girl,� just as he perceived it. Jessica saw her sister slump in her
bonds, and she told herself, no matter what, BE OBEDIENT.



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Jessica continued to kiss and lick at his bare feet. Joe
planted a foot on her head, but she did not stop kissing. He walked away, and
she crawled after him. �Please Daddy,� Joe had found the magic word he liked
and the girl now uttered it, �take me as your slave.� 

&nbsp;

She was hoping she was worthy. Her sister hung like that for
quite a while now. She was worried. Did the hood provide enough ventilation?
The man hesitated. �Please,� she continued. �I�ll be a good girl-bitch.� He
waited for her to plead several more times before he assented to take her in as
his slave. 

&nbsp;

He pointed at the tool-cart that was converted into a
torture chamber on wheels. She took one look and knew what her task was. Like a
good bitch, Jessica crawled over to the cart and got up on her knees. She bent
her head forward and gently held the dog collar between her teeth. Dragging the
chain behind, she crawled back to her master or �Daddy� as he preferred to be
called. 

&nbsp;

She waited on all fours with the collar in her mouth for her
master to accept. He reached out and clasped the collar tightly around her
small neck. Taking the leash, he felt a rush of power. He reached under the
slave bitch and tickled her nipples. She blushed in shame, just like her
sister. Joe felt his erection growing, but he checked himself. He wanted to
save Jessica. She was pure, untouched. Perhaps it was because of her previous
coyness when they first met that left such a deep impression so that what was
sculpted in his mind was the very picture of purity. Whenever she spoke to him,
it was short, soft, and polite. She never revealed much and that in itself made her more excusable. She didn�t flirt with him.
She wasn�t a slut like her sister. She just needed a master, a father figure.
He would be both and when the time came, he would take her as his. 

&nbsp;

Joe glanced at the perspiring body of the hooded slut toy.
He needed a fuck, and it was time the sisters reunite. He freed the bonds that
restricted Janice, and she fell listlessly to the floor. Next, he freed her
hands and removed the hood. A loud inspiratory gasp could be heard as the girl
greedily sucked in air. He allowed his new slave bitch to console his slut
while he went to retrieve another collar which he customarily tightened around
Janice. The tit clamps, however, remained. 

&nbsp;

Like two bitches, he walked them. They needed some exercise.
Even the wind seemed to join in on the pair�s harassment as its molesting cool
touch erected their nipples. And so, through the dirt paths the demented
handy-man walked his slave bitches- one tan, one ivory colored- both smooth and
creamy. He even commanded them to relieve themselves like a bitch. First
raising one leg, then the other, they pissed, but not onto his property. Each
was forced to catch and fill their mouths with the other�s piss. Finally, he
had his fun and walked them back. 

&nbsp;

Undoubtedly the sisters had hoped against hope that such an
excursion would draw some attention and maybe help, but the area was guarded
off. It was their master�s domain. And uneventfully, they were back outside his
cabin. He hosed them off and brought them indoors. 

&nbsp;

They now knelt in front of him, dreading whatever
perversions the man might think of next. Joe�s mind was indeed working at a
feverish pace. His heart was racing rapidly and at forty-eight, he feared this
might indeed be too much. Their petite bodies � firm and tone � their soft
voices, and their submissive, beaten glance all fed into his fantasy. Adding to
that was his complete control over them, two young women, and the fact they
were twins added to that thrill. He had wanted to, and did finally fuck the
petite Asian whore. Fantasy one- fulfilled. Now he was living it to the utmost
with the two of them. �Kiss! Kiss one another.� He commanded. 

&nbsp;

The girls looked, first at him, then at one another. Fearing
the worst for the other, Janice and Jessica reluctantly embraced and pecked at
one another. SMACKSMACK. Two quick blows of the riding
crop onto the scapulas of the sisters brought them to attention. �More tongue. More saliva. More slurping noises.
YOU!� he pointed at Janice, �as a slut, teach your
sister!� he gave her one more slash. 

&nbsp;

Janice�s small tongue left her mouth and Jessica quickly
lapped it up and sucked it. Drool started to fall onto their breasts. They
slurped at one another while coloring their faces with a shameful redness at
the depravity of their act. Soon Joe was naked and joined in. He left his angel
alone and began to molest Janice, the victim of all his violence and
perversion. Soon he was finger fucking her shaved cunt, making a loud squishy
noise. He bent her over and inserted his tool into her cunt. �Don�t stop kissing.
Continue,� he said. 

&nbsp;

Jessica continued and followed. �Play with the bitch�s
tits,� he directed and Janice, as she rocked with the force of his thrusts,
began to massage her sister�s breast. All the while, they moaned in forced lust
and coerced lesbian heat. He was in the moment and grabbed a fistful of
Janice�s hair. �RIIIIDE�EM COWBOOYYYYEEEEE!� he said as he continuously spank her bare bottom. His fat tummy slapped along with him.
Jessica sucked at her sister�s neck and shoulder, planting kiss after kiss. 

&nbsp;

Janice feeling his orgasm coming,
again pleaded. He made a mental note to put the whore on pills, but mercifully
complied. He pulled out and the girls continued their lewd act. He came in
between them. The girl�s continued to snowball the cum,
mixing it with their own saliva. Jessica licked the strand of cum off her
sister�s nose as Janice lapped at the cum dribbling
off Jessica�s chin. They exchanged cum, then as Joe instructed, spitted it back
out onto one another�s face, only to lap it up, like she-dogs once more. 

&nbsp;

Joe moved back behind Janice and parted her butt-cheeks.
Jessica saw Janice clenched her hands, and she took the moment to hold them. As
they continued their embrace, Joe penetrated Janice and a loud moan could be
heard through the simulated moans of lust. This time, after sometime splitting
it raw, he came in her tight shit-hole. Janice fell forward, exhausted, onto
her sister. Both of their faces were cum, saliva, and tear stained. Joe moved
to where Janice was and again grabbed her hair and wiped his shit and
cum-stained cock onto it. He slapped her ass and said, �Lift that fuck ass up
and spread them cheeks.� 

&nbsp;

Despite her fatigue, Janice planted her face on the floor
and arched her little bottom up, exposing her small round anal passage. Tiny
strands of cum leaked from it. Joe gave Jessica a quick slap to the face before
saying, �You, stick your tongue in there and suck it up. All of it!� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Joe kept the sisters apart save for the occasional m�nage a trios


 
  Jimmy Lam
   jim
  2
  464
  2006-07-23T11:52:00Z
  2006-07-23T11:52:00Z
  1
  4732
  26973
  JQL Inc.
  224
  63
  31642
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Joe kept the sisters apart save for the occasional m�nage a
trios. This way, he maintained control at all times. With Janice, she was his
obedient slut. She was growing nicely into her role though still green. Joe
allowed her to wear clothes albeit skimpy ones. He had once debated on the use
of bras, panties, and thongs versus the birthday suit, and he opted for the
former. He liked the look on her face when he demanded her to remove her
undergarments, whatever they are and whenever it suited him, especially when it
involved her lacy underwear. He would watch her as she slid a hand up her short
dress and sexily slide it off. First raising one long, heeled leg, then the
next, the bronze goddess would unveil her treasure box to her �daddy.� 

&nbsp;

Janice obeyed and in fact actively participated in her own
humiliation. With nothing left to lose, she wanted to keep the man�s assault on
her still virginal sister to what he considered a minimal. So she played her
role to the maximum in an attempt to drain the man�s stamina and cum at every
opportunity. Of course, Joe knew but played along. His intent was to keep
Jessica relatively unfucked save her mouth and tits which he used quite
regularly. When Janice was �tied up,� he would utilize Jessica, whom he kept
naked and leashed. While her sister received the full repertoire of a slut�s
training, Jessica was kept ignorant of viler acts save those as a cocksucker
and titty bitch. The ornament around her neck attested to her position for it
was a rather ample sized fleshed colored dildo that hung from a metallic chain.


&nbsp;

With the help of the tool, Joe had trained Jessica to be an
equally marvelous cocksucker and titty fuck toy. Whenever her services were not
needed, Jessica would slurp away at her only toy. Sometimes Joe would have her
titty fuck it as well, and despite the embarrassment, Jessica never complained.
She was quiet and on the whole different from the eager nympho, Janice. Jess
did as she was told but never offered more. In that regards, Joe admired the
girl�s reservation. Indeed, she was every bit his good �girl.� 

&nbsp;

Life with the twins was heavenly but Joe knew it could not
continue without some change. For one, he wanted to have complete control over
the sisters- a power so immense that they would not,
even when given the opportunity to, leave him. He really liked having the two
of them together. Joe fucking Janice. Jessica rimming his ass. The live lesbian shows. They were
all a joy, but he would love to have them obey him without all these
precautions. He wanted to take them out in public, to insinuate them into his
life, and yet still maintain control. 

&nbsp;

Just how? How can he accomplish
thus? The sound of running water in the bath brought him back to reality, or
rather, paradise. He looked toward the bathroom. It was time to shower. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Jessica looked at the naked body of her sister. They had not
shared a bath together since their childhood days when their parents were
alive. Her sister�s body was very much like her own. Yet curiously,
paradoxically, it was also a testament to their difference. The slightly darker
bronze hued to the skin of Janice was acquired through her love of the beach
and the outdoors. In many ways, it spoke of her liveliness, her energy, and her
gregarious nature. Jessica�s ivory whiteness mirrored her personality. Though
by no means an ice queen, she was often more withdrawn and closed, preferring
the company of the written word. 

&nbsp;

Jessica looked at her sister, who still managed a sad, tired
smile. She reached out a hand and touched a firm slippery breast. Running her
slender fingers on the underside, she could feel the still raised welt. There
were others though more dispersed. She knew that if she were to run her hand
down the back of her sister�s calf or inner thigh, she would find at least four
or five more. Jessica dared not touch the nipple for she knew how sensitive and
raw they must be from the clamps. Those awful devices that
her sister wore. She saw her sister was bare, not a follicle of hair on
her pubis. She couldn�t help but think, what if it were her. How would she bear
it? Even now, she wanted to die. Every time that she touched him or was touched
by him, she would inwardly cringe. And whenever she was forced to make love
with her sister or see her sister play the role of a slut for this demented
beast, she would want to vomit. For really, what was the difference who was the
slut and who was the virginal cocksucker, as ironic as that is, when they both
look the same. Did it even matter? What she hated even more was calling him
�daddy.� He was mad, she was sure of it. 

&nbsp;

�Jan,� Jess whispered for fear of him overhearing, �I�m
sorry.� She felt guilty that as bad as it was for her, Janice was suffering
more. In his mind, she provoked him. She was bad. Jessica could not even fathom
what it was like to have his giant cock stuff deep into her pussy or worse, her
ass. It must hurt, but she never heard her sister complain. Yet the tears, the
slight grimaces, all told plenty. At least she still had hope of saving what�s
left of her body for the right man if she were to escape the ordeal. Tears
began to well up. Janice loved Steve so much. To have something so precious and
delicate so savagely stripped away was cruel, inhumane. 

&nbsp;

The sister�s embraced. It was nothing sexual and every bit
emotional. �It�s okay,� Janice soothed, still playing the role of protector and
trying her best to be the pillar of strength despite her own fragility. �We�ll
get through.� 

&nbsp;

�I love you,� Jess sobbed. 

&nbsp;

�I know, I know,� Janice acknowledged. 

&nbsp;

�Why won�t you give her a kiss while you�re at it?� a gruff
male voice said. 

&nbsp;

The girls recognized it and obey. Joe was naked and assumed
the casual position between the girls. The warm shower ran hitting his body and
matting his body hair. When the water stopped, the soapy bodies of the girls
pressed tightly against his. Jessica, who was behind Joe, knelt down to part
his slightly flabby ass cheeks. She took a large whiff of air before diving in.
It was her duty to lick the space in between clean. 

&nbsp;

Joe�s large hard on was being massaged and soap by the small
hands of the elder sister. She kissed him deeply and passionately. He felt her
nipples and soft tits pressed into him. He closed his eyes to soak in the
sensation. It was too much. When he opened them anew, he saw Janice, looking
down on her hands. There were strands of coming that webbed her outstretched
fingers. Without looking at Joe, she raised her hand to her mouth. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

With hands behind his head, Joe looked at the little Chinese
girl grinding away on his cock. Nothing obstructed his view of her magnificent
body for her little hands were handcuffed behind her. He put both hands on her
thighs, her taut little thighs that lay on either side of his. He ran his hands
up and down them for a while, feeling their smoothness. She worked hard as the
film of perspiration showed. He moved to a tit and squeezed. 

&nbsp;

She continued to make her small circular movements with her
hips as if swinging to an invisible hola hoop. Her panting increased and
shortened, and he also felt the need to cum. Joe looked into his slave bitch�s
eye sternly. Janice arched back onto her hands to help herself into a squatting
position. Without letting go of her daddy�s cock, she slowly lowered herself
onto it until his cock was completely buried into her little fuckhole. Then,
very slowly, she rose again. It was difficult to keep her balance without her
hands, but she somehow managed. Joe liked this. In part, he made her shave off
what little pubic hair she had was so that she could see her impale herself, fuck
herself, and rape herself. 

&nbsp;

As he watched this magical disappearing act of his large
cock, he couldn�t help but think the validity of the rumors about Asian pussy.
This was downright the tightest fuck hole he�s been in. He chuckled a bit as he
thought of the early misconceptions of Chinese whores having slanted slits. Looks straight to me.
It always amazed him how the cunt worked. Soft and warm, and on such a tiny
girl, it would seem shallow, but as he sees his manhood being buried again, he
couldn�t help be amazed. 

&nbsp;

Janice did not have the luxury of idle thought. Her thigh
muscles ached from the act. In fact, she thought over the weeks they�ve gotten
stronger because of it. However, she hated fucking herself and almost preferred
him to rape her like before. It was less sluttish. Yet here she was, exposing her naked
self and having this 48 year old rapist stare at her bald pussy, her most
private of places, while she performed the supposedly most intimate act between
a man and woman. It wasn�t supposed to happen
like this! A part of her wanted the act over with, to make the idiot cum,
but she knew better. If he doesn�t last at least an hour, he would be
embarrassed, and she would pay dearly. She could only silently prayed that he would have enough. Luckily, she didn�t have
to wait long. 

&nbsp;

After a few more agonizing minutes, Joe decided it was
enough. He threw her down onto the bed. Her long legs that only half a month
ago would have spread for no one, naturally moved apart. He splayed them even
more with his muscular arms, the only part of his body that was even slightly
toned. He pushed them up onto either side of the bedposts so that Janice�s sex
pointed up and opened. Joe literally pistoned and jackhammered her cunt. 

&nbsp;

�Ehhh�Ohh�Ehhh�(gasp)�Ohh�Daa�(gasp)�ddyyyyyy�aah�.hhhard..er�fuckme�harder�� 

&nbsp;

Joe didn�t care if it was real or not. He wanted to fuck her
to death, to spear her cunt, to stab her bowels. Finally, he came and pulled
out. He collapsed onto her then rolled to the side. Janice obligatorily kissed
and thanked the man that had so savagely ravished her pussy. Cum was still
leaking out of it and stained her thighs. She hated that sensation and wished
she was free to shower or even just wiping it away would be a blessing.
Instead, she usually just lied there. What
was the difference between a blow up doll and me? She was always tied up in
one fashion or another when in bed with Joe. Was it for the dominance or for
his safety? If he trust her with sucking his cock, why not
her with the full use of her limbs? There were no weapons in the bedroom
or house that she knew of or had access to. There were alarmed motion detectors
so that Joe would awaken should she tried to escape. Rescuing Jess was out of
the question since the basement doors were locked. The only alternative was for
her to kill him with her bare hands, but she couldn�t even wrap her small hands
around his large neck. 

&nbsp;

His fears, if they were so, were unfounded. As much as she
wanted to kill him, to bite off his ugly cock whenever she sucked him, Janice
didn�t dare. Joe had threatened to rip out her sister�s teeth if he even felt
teeth. Additionally, she had been literally scared shitless when Joe
demonstrated the power of a firecracker in stuffed meat, one that he would
insert into their cunts if they ever attempt to bite his cock off. 

&nbsp;

Joe stroked her hair and gently held her chin. She hated his
feigned acts of lovingness and gentleness infinitely more than his brutality.
They were so fake, but she played along. She braced
herself for listening to this sick man describe to her yet another one of his
perverted fantasies, ones that she would usually have to pretend to share or be
enthusiastic to try out. Instead, she was surprised of the topic. 

&nbsp;

�I have to let one of you go,� he said, looking into her
dark eyes. 

&nbsp;

Janice was taking aback and for awhile she was at a lost for
words. Then she inched toward him and cooed, �Keep me, daddy.� She kissed his
chin then moved onto his neck. �I�I love you. I hated you before, but now,
after the first time�� she lied, and continued to do so by adding, �I belong to
you. Let me be your little girl. Your slave girl, your
pet. Anything, just keep me.� 

&nbsp;

She sounded so convincing, but Joe knew better. The girl
moved down to his hairy chest and began to suckle his equally hairy nipple.
Kissing further down still, she licked and sucked down
the midline of his belly until she reached his cock. Joe closed his eyes. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

�Joe! Joe!� 

&nbsp;

Joe awoke to find himself staring at run down little house.
It was his friend Keith who was calling to him. �So you�re going to help me
tear this bitch down?� the man asked. 

&nbsp;

�Uh..yea. Sure. Just thinking about
where to start,� he lied. He saw Keith disappear into the house. Fucking prick. You asked me to help you because you�re too
cheap to get a wrecking crew you old fuck. An evil thought crept over his
mind. Should blow the whole fucking place
down and bury your ass in it. He stopped. 

&nbsp;

�Joe!� 

&nbsp;

�SHUT THE FUCK UP. I�M THINKING!� And indeed he was. 

&nbsp;

When Keith reemerged from the house, he saw Joe standing in
the same place but this time there was a bright smile on his face. 

&nbsp;

�I ain�t go no money, but I can do
a thing or two on that car of yours,� Keith said. 

&nbsp;

Joe laughed. �No no Keith. Nothing needed. Say, when was the
last time you did a stunt?� 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Janice sat in the car with Joe. She was quiet and didn�t
even ask where he was taking her. They drove for sometime until they reached a
small run down shack. Joe got out and took his little girl with him. Janice
stood, with the same indifferent look on her face, while Joe set about laying
out the final parts of the wires. 

&nbsp;

�Know what I�m doing?� he asked the girl. 

&nbsp;

�No daddy,� she replied, nor
do I care, she wanted to add. 

&nbsp;

�I�m blowing up this house. I want to show you some
fireworks.� 

&nbsp;

What a fucking psycho.
She watched as the man work. Finally, he was done and he stood next to her with
a hand over her shoulder. 

&nbsp;

�You see?� Joe said, pointing to the various cables. �This
runs to that dingy shit house that the owner uses as a garage. This runs to the
back shaq, and this is the main house. And this, is
the control that blows them away.� Joe pushed one of them a loud boom cracked
through the night air. Janice, despite her disinterest, jumped. 

&nbsp;

Joe pushed another, and the shaq was blown up, just like the
garage. A small flame ensured. Joe was about to press the final button when he
realized he had drop his wallet in the beaten house. He detached the cable and
placed the remote on top of the car and ran into the house to search for his
wallet. Janice, at first stared blankly at the house. She heard Joe cursing.
�Fucking horse shit. FUCK!� He scared her almost as much as the explosion, and it triggered her intense hate for the man.
Then she saw the cable. She looked around as if there were anyone around in the
desolated place. 

&nbsp;

Her heart picked up its pace as she turned around and picked
up the remote. Janice�s small hands trembled as she fumbled with the plugs and
the wires. �FUCK!� Joe�s voiced boomed. Janice dropped the remote onto the dirt
floor. She fumbled with it for a second before finally being able to attach the
device in the dark. 

&nbsp;

She stood up and stared at the house. She saw the detonation
button. �FUCKING CUNTSHIT WHORE!� She heard Joe shout.
A barrage of memories of her watching Joe fucking her.
He had used those same words. She hated the words. They were mean, hurtful. The
man was all evil. Her normally big, bright eyes narrowed and she hit the
button. 

&nbsp;

�You son of a bitch, what the fuck you doing here?� she
heard Joe asked. 

&nbsp;

�I----� It was a different voice! Another
man. Janice�s heart leapt out of her body and her eyes darted to and
fro. Immediately she tried to yank the cables out but it was too late. A Seconds
later, a large boom filled the night air, and immediately following the loud
cracking of glass as a body flew out into the dirt path, slightly afire. The
sound of the collapsing wood drowned out his screams, but when it all died
down, so did him. 

Janice fell to her knees. She didn�t even see Joe�s hand
come down hard on her cheek. She fell forward. 

&nbsp;

�Fucking cunt!!! You fucking retard
slant-eyed, murderous cunt!� Joe said, grabbing a tuft of her hair and pulling
her to her feet. He was covered in dust.

&nbsp;

�You stupid whore,� he said, yanking her by her hair to the
man. They stopped some ways away. The dead man was still smoldered and his
clothes were torn. His face looked like the remnants of a picked about couch
cushion. That was the last thing she saw before her world went blank and Janice
fainted. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

�Joe, is it cool she being out like
that?� said Keith as he got up and removed the protective foam face mask. He
removed and tossed the ear plugs aside. 

&nbsp;

�Yea,� said Joe, still not being able to contain his
pleasure. �We had a slight argument, and I think she deserves a good scare.� 

&nbsp;

�I�you sure she�s ok?� 

&nbsp;

�Yea, I�m going to take her home.� With that, Joe lifted the
tiny Chinese girl over his shoulder. �Oh,� he said, turning around, �Give me a
call when you need me to do some electrical work.� 

&nbsp;



�Uh-sure,� said Keith as his
eyes were transfixed on the beautiful girlfriend of Joe. �How the fuck did he end up with a looker like that?� he asked to no one in
particular as he threw a piece of wood back into the pile. 

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Janice awoke startled. Quickly, her sister�s arms fell around
her, and she started to cry anew. This time, all her vulnerabilities were
exposed. She started mumbling and crying. Jessica too started to tear.
�I---don�t---oh God, Jess-I thought�he�I didn�t want
to.� 

&nbsp;

�It�s okay Jan. I know what happened. It�s not your fault.� 

&nbsp;

Janice stared at her sister. �You know??? How?�

&nbsp;

Jessica, in a cracked voice, replied, �I saw it. He had it
on tape. A video camera in his car. He said he was
testing you, but instead it caught you-caught the incident.� 

&nbsp;

Janice was stunned. The mad man now had her committing
murder on tape. For the first time in her life, Janice was out of ideas. All
she could do was cry. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

Both Jan and Jess knelt, with spreader bars hooked to their
ankle cuffs. What made the predicament even more difficult was the manner with
which the sister�s upper body were hooked together so that one could not move
freely away from the position assumed by the other. The genius of this lied
entirely in the construction of the bar and the manner with which Joe cuffed his
slaves to it. To begin, the bar was similar to the spreader bar save it had a
metal collar in the center that locked around the small necks of Jan and Jess. He
first cuffed Janice to the bar so that she resembled the letter �X� with a
horizontal line running across the top and bottom of the figure. Next he cuffed
one of Jessica�s hand to the bar. With the other hand,
he first threaded it between the space formed by Jessica�s hand and the
restraining bar so that now the two sisters� were essentially linked together
like a horizontal figure �8.�This arrangement bounded the sisters like the way
the chinks of a chain did to one another. 

&nbsp;

Janice was cursing at him the entire time while Jessica
simply shed wasted tears. �You know, I won�t be such a stupid cunt if I were
you. I can put YOU in jail,� Joe taunted. 

&nbsp;

�FUCK YOU. You�re the fucking psycho. Call the cops. I don�t
care. It was an accident. I�ll serve time, whatever. But you, you�ll be in
longer than I. So FUCK YOU ASSHOLE! SONOF
A FUCKING WHORE!�

&nbsp;

Joe slapped Jessica again and again, until Janice finally
calmed down. �You know what cunt, maybe I should just fuck the both of you,
then rip off both of your clits then turn all of us in. Mind as well right?
Then you and sis here can both be some lesbian fucktoys for some overweight
black whore. How�s that?�

&nbsp;

�Leave her out of it. It was my mistake. You should�ve died.
But Jessica has nothing to do with it.� 

&nbsp;

�Tsk tsk,� said Joe. �You know what this is here?� he took
out the small plastic remote detonator. It was now in a small plastic bag.
�Guess who touched it last?� 

&nbsp;

�I did! So what? Jess told me you taped me. So fuck it.� 

&nbsp;

Joe laughed hard. 

&nbsp;

�It was me, Jan,� Jessica finally spoke. �When you were out,
he handed me it and told me to touch and play with it.� Janice�s eye widened.
She wasn�t prepared for this. 

&nbsp;

�That�s right bitch. The three of us are going to hell. Once
we�re there, I�ll still fuck you two.� 

&nbsp;

Joe took out his cell phone. �Let�s see. If I turn this tape
in with the evidence anonymously, and then turn you two cunts in, I wonder who
would be doing life or who would be getting the chair? A
lifetime of pussy licking and fucking. I hear the male guards like a
tight little asian cunt like you, or maybe a big fucking orgy fucking the shit
out of you or you.� 

&nbsp;

He continued, �Of course, then there is the hallucinatory
speech of yours, saying I abduct you, raped you, blah blah. This cunt is still
a virgin. And you�re a slut. So it�s a gentleman�s word against a slut�s. Or
maybe I should just come out and show everyone where the two of you psycho
whores buried the body. Then your accusations are nothing more than retaliatory
lies to cover up for one another and to frame me, a responsible citizen.� 

&nbsp;

The girls fell silent. Janice did not want her sister going
to jail on her behalf. Yet it was impossible to prove otherwise. They were
twins, it was impossible to tell them apart, and with the evidence. She ground
her teeth in disgust. She really was a dumb cunt that was out maneuvered by
this white trash man. 

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Jessica�s mind was conjuring up the horrors of
prison life. The rapes, the shame, the terrible image of seeing herself or her
sister fried on the electrical chair. She kept shaking her head. 

&nbsp;

�My phone here is voice activated. I�m going to help you
out. You can either be a good little slave cunt and do as I say and these stuff
will be kept in a very, very safe place. Or you can make the call to the
authorities yourself. Nine�.one�.� he said the numbers slowly. Then he handed
the phone to Janice�s ear and waited. She lowered her head, and he moved to
Jessica who also lowered her head. 

&nbsp;

�Ok that does it then,� he said, flipping the phone off.
�You�re my cunts, and I did my cunts a favored by covering up for them. I could
get in trouble for this, so what should they do to thank me?�

&nbsp;

He looked into their eyes. Both sets were still brimming
with hate. They turned to one another before saying in unison, �Thank you
daddy.� 

&nbsp;

Joe smiled. �But you�ve been bad cunts. One
especially. So�� he said threateningly, �there must be discipline.� He
had picked up a birch and swung in the air. 

&nbsp;

Janice�s hand tightened into a small fist, ready to absorb
the torture. Instead it was her sister who screamed. Three quick lashes were
aim at Jessica�s tits. Joe stopped, and picked up two alligator clips. He
massaged Jessica�s tits. Jessica sobbed and whispered �no� the entire time. Not
since the first day did she feel the lash. It was her sister who bared the
brunt of the tortures. 

&nbsp;

�EEEEEAAYYYYAAAA,� she screamed as she felt the jagged teeth
of the clamps bite into her nipple. 

&nbsp;

�NO, DADDY. Not Jess. Clamp me. Whip me!� Janice screamed. 

&nbsp;

Joe clamped on the other and Jessica screamed again. When
her screams died back down, he turned to Janice and said, �Now you understand
the need to obey?�

&nbsp;

Janice kept nodding her head. The clamps used on her were
merely either wooden clothespins or screwed on clamps, but nothing as cruel
looking as those on her sister�s nipples. Here she was, virtually bound next to
Jess, and all she could do was be witness to her torture. Taking up the birch,
Joe proceeded to decorate Jessica�s stomach with more welts. Janice pleaded and
shouted, while Jessica screamed. Joe went wild. Finally, he stopped and sat
down. The girls, still kneeling, were both covered in tears and snot. The places where the birch had been showed rather prominently on
the ivory skin of Jessica. 

&nbsp;

Joe took out a roll of long incense and lit them up. A
captivating smell filled the air. He took a whiff of it and exhaled deeply. �I
love incense. Puts you in a great meditative mind. Calms you down too.� He walked up to the girls with a
handful of burning incense. The girls tried to knee walk backwards. �STOP!� Joe shouted. Knowing the futility of their acts,
both stopped, hoping to appease him with their obedience. 

&nbsp;

The woody scent continued its strong unapologetic assault of
the girls� sense of smell as the man holding them would their bodies. He ran
the body of the incenses along the inner thighs of the younger sister. Jessica shuddered
in fear as she felt the heat of the tips. She felt it moving closer to her sex,
and she shook visibly in place. He was a sadist to the extreme. 

&nbsp;

�DADDY, please. I�m so sorry. I�m a stupid cunt�� Janice
continued her self-degrading act. Joe was fed up. Placing the burning incenses
on the ground, he took out a ring gag. �Open up�� he cooed. 

&nbsp;

Janice had no choice but to obey. When that was
accomplished, he took off his clothes to reveal his large semi-erect cock. He
picked up his pair of briefs which had a blotch of pre-cum on it and smeared
that on to Janice�s face before stuffing it deep into her mouth. �That�s
better. That mouth is for cocksucking, not talking. Now, Janice. I want you to
pay attention to this. When I�m through, I�ll give you ample time to apologize
and to think of an answer to one question. Do you know what that is?� 

&nbsp;

Janice shook her head again as strands of drew fell before
her kneeling body. 

&nbsp;

�The question is HOW. I want you to tell me HOW you should
be punished and for HOW long it should last. I want it to be fair. Do you agree
that Jessica is innocent?�

&nbsp;

Again Janice nodded, only more vehemently this time. 

&nbsp;

�So if she is innocent and she is punished thus, it is only
fitting that the real perpetrator suffer more and for a longer duration. Right?�

&nbsp;

Janice nodded. 

&nbsp;

�Good. Keep your eyes open. I want you to remember.� 

&nbsp;

Picking up an incense, he tapped it
gently on the rising and falling tit of Jessica, who by this time no longer
begged but merely sobbed. Grabbing the nipple clamp, he lifted a tit and then
stabbed the burning tip on the underside of her right breast. A deafening
scream ensured. He repeated with her other tit. This time, Jessica�s voice
cracked halfway and she almost fell backwards, but Joe held on to one of her C-cup
tits and pulled her forward. Joe continued the assault on the underside of her
tits three more times before moving on to her underarms. This time, he took a
handful of the incense and jammed it into her soft meat. She tried to lower he
shoulders to quickly bring out the glowing tip, but her bondage prevented it.
By the second go around, Janice wanted to vomit and probably would have had
there not been the gag. Jessica started mumbling gibberish. The pain was too
much. 

&nbsp;

�How�s daddy�s little girl? Still want to be disobedient?�

&nbsp;

�No, daddy. Please, no more.�
Jessica said through each labored breath. 

&nbsp;

�Ah, but there is one more,� Joe said as he lit up another
incense. While holding the burning stick of terror with one hand, his other
hand dove down to her sex and began a rhythmic massage of her clitoris.
Jessica�s eye widened. She mustered up what voice and energy she had left to
say, �God, no�anything PLEASEEEEE!� 

&nbsp;

At this juncture, Janice too was awake and felt strongly
about this demonstration of power. Without thinking, Janice nudged Joe with her
body. He turned and listened to her muffled cries. �You want to talk?� 

&nbsp;

She nodded. �Here, you think you can hold this between your
lips?� he said as he place the burning incense between
Jessica�s inviting lips. Joe pulled out his underwear and took off the gag.
Janice had a hard time readjusting her jaw, but Joe was patient. 

&nbsp;

�Daddy?� Janice finally managed.
�Burn me. On my clit. That way, I�ll always remember.�


&nbsp;

�Remember what?�

&nbsp;

�Remember that I am your girl, your slut, whore, bitch, or
whatever else you want me to be.�

&nbsp;

Without thinking, he took the incense with one hand and
parted the bald slit of his slave�s cunt with the other. In one smooth motion,
he jammed the hot burning stick into the upper part of her slit and Janice�s
world went black yet again. 



&nbsp;



&nbsp;

The girls were still locked as before. Janice had recovered
though all she could feel or think about was the throbbing pain in her clit. It
was as if her whole universe shrunk to just that tiny knob. When Joe touched
her, she trembled. Her anger had dissipated nicely into fear. She knew her
ordeal was far from over. 

&nbsp;

�Come now, let me hear it,� the terrible man said. Seeing
the girl�s confused look, Joe reminded her, �You didn�t think that was PUNISHMENT
did you?� 

&nbsp;

Janice got the hint. �Daddy, please. I am terribly sorry.� 

&nbsp;

�And yes you are,� Joe concurring while his hands began to
roam freely over Jessica�s body. The threat was evident. Janice�s mind was
blank. All she knew was she better say something but what. 

&nbsp;

Looking at the girls, Joe knew they won�t last long if he
pushed the matter. In a show of mercy, and thus power, he granted Janice a
temporary reprieve. To which, Jessica was overjoyed, while Janice sighed in
relief. �THANK YOU DADDY!� they almost shouted in unison. 

&nbsp;

�Now, now,� Joe said, as he knelt down and put a hand on
each of the girl�s face. �Both of you are daddy�s good little girls from now on
right?� 

&nbsp;

The girls nodded. �You will do as Daddy tells you without
hesitation and will never EVER disobey, right?� 

&nbsp;

Again, the girls nodded. �If you disobey, I will make what
happened today seem like a walk in the park,� he warned looking into the
fearful eyes of Jessica. 

&nbsp;

�I understand, Daddy.� 

&nbsp;

�And you,� he said, looking at Janice, who immediately
jumped to attention, knowing how much he liked to pick on her, �Your punishment
was postponed. If you�re the model whore I want you to be, there might be a
chance I�ll give you an opportunity to make up for it. Otherwise�� He rubbed
her soft, sensitive clit. This was Joe�s unspoken way of communicating. 

&nbsp;

�I won�t daddy.� 

&nbsp;

�You better not,� said Joe sternly as his hands cupped and
twisted her tit cruelly. �Because I am being generous�because I am a great
guy�because I love you. I should send you and your sister to the chair. You
tried to kill me and killed an innocent man. We don�t even fucking know who he
is. What about his family? Wife? Kids?
Then I had to risk my hide to bury him. Give the man a decent burial.� 

&nbsp;

Janice closed her eyes trying to stop the tears. She felt
horrible. The man was innocent and she killed him. Yet she doesn�t want to die.
She would be willing to turn herself in for manslaughter but this man made it
murder, murder that had her completely innocent little sister implicated right
in the middle of. �I�m sorry.� 

&nbsp;

�Sorry isn�t enough!� Joe said louder. �You will repent for
what you did to the man. You will repay me as well. I will help you. From now
on, you will serve and give back to man. Since you�re a murderous bitch with no
soul, then your whore�s body is what you will use to give and make reparations
with. You here?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, daddy,� she whispered. 

&nbsp;

�Yes what?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes, I understand. I will serve and give back to man, with
my whore�s body, I will repay my debt.�

&nbsp;

�Good,� he said stroking her back like a father would his
daughter. �Tonight, you shall remain here to think about what you girls have
done wrong and repent. Tomorrow is a new day.�

&nbsp;

Joe got up to leave when Janice again spoke up. �D-daddy?� Joe looked back. 

&nbsp;

�W-wwould you please take off those?� she said, turning to
the angry alligator clips biting into Jessica�s nipples. 

&nbsp;

Joe didn�t answer her. Instead, he walked over to his toys
and grabbed a similar pair of clips. Walking back to Janice, he clipped them to
her nipples to make the suffering pair an exact replica of one another.
Miserable and hurt, the sisters� knelt in shame, thinking over the horrible
experiences of the day and dreading the beginning of their new life. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Incomplete


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





