BDSM Library -  Prostate Control School




 Prostate Control School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girlfriends bring their unsuspecting boyfriends to a class (or Nurse�s Office for that matter) for a \"Prostate Taming \".







Prostate Control School




 
  Bubbleboots
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-06-07T23:57:00Z
  2006-06-07T23:57:00Z
  1
  1080
  6161
   
  51
  14
  7227
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Prostate Control School

&nbsp;

As class
begins session, the female would write: �Welcome to the Prostate Control School� on the board. The male model, having
been lied to by his girlfriend other about the purpose of this class (learning
a new language or something), would become very confused and embarrassed about
the topic. His girlfriend would raise her hand and describe to the teacher how
she hopes this class will help their relationship � her boyfriend is way too
horny all the time (it�s a common complaint!). The teacher would suggest that
it is very common for a young man to have a very high sex-drive if their
prostate gland is not frequently checked and kept under control. While looking
directly at the boyfriend, the teacher would say: �And that�s exactly what
we�re here to do � teach your girlfriend how to check and control your prostate
gland...�

The male, finding himself in a room of 2 or more females (the teacher may have
an aid or student teacher along), would be outnumbered and humiliated with the
prospect of such an intimate lesson. The teacher would insist he disrobe from
the waist down and get on his hands-and-knees on the teacher�s desk.

After reassuring him that this procedure was very important for his girlfriend
to learn, the male reluctantly takes off his pants and underwear.
The teacher would reassure him, saying things like: �That�s quite alright young
man, I�ve done this many times...� while patting her desk softly. �Up here, on
your hands and knees please...�

As if inspecting a prize animal at a breeding farm, the teacher would run her
hands over the male�s ass and make �objective� comments. �Hmmm, quite
muscular...� Trailing her index finger down the crack of his ass she�d take
possession of his balls by wrapping her thumb and index finger around the
�neck� of his scrotum. He�ll probably grunt a little when she squeezes gently,
making his testicles tight in their sack. �You�ve got a nice set of
testicles...� Cutting him out of the conversation, she turns to his girlfriend:
�When was his last ejaculation?�

She�d giggle and say: �Last night. He wouldn�t let me sleep until he fucked
me.� The teacher would give him a good slap on his ass: �That�s so typical �
you�re nothing but a bad little boy.� He�d grunt a little and try to jerk away
instinctively but she�d still have the noose-hold on his nuts. �And just wear
do you think you�re going, hmmm...?� The ladies giggle as the teacher�s other
hand wraps around his stiffening cock. �Such a randy thing... Aren�t you
embarrassed to get an erection in front of everyone?� All he can do is moan in
dismay.

Releasing his erection and balls she pats his ass: �There�s a good boy...
crouch down for teacher so she can get at your cute little asshole.� It�ll be
necessary for him to hunch down nice and low so his ass sticks out past the
edge of the desk a little...

Addressing his girlfriend, the teacher puts on a pair of tight medical gloves
and lubricates one hand carefully. �I�ll just make my fingers nice and
slippery. His anus looks quite tight � judging by the size of his swollen
testicles and randy penis, I expect to find an equally tight, and full,
prostate.�

He groans quietly when he feels the teacher tracing circles around his anus.
�There we are, nice and slow...� Without warning, she slowly slips in a finger.
He groans loudly and pulls away receiving little several little pat-pat-pats on
his ass from the teacher: �There�s a good boy - hold still now...� Her finger
slowly eases in and out a few times, slowly, gradually pushing deeper.

She�s stopped by a loud grunt. �Oh dear � you poor thing!� she says soothingly.
�Your prostate is as big as a walnut!� The women giggle. �Your girlfriend will
never get any rest with you in such a state!� She gently, slowly, circles her
finger around the swollen gland and notices, predictably, as a long, clear drop
of pre-cum oozing out of his stiffening cock. Drawing his girlfriend�s
attention to his involuntary display: �It�s no surprise he�s become such a
randy thing � he can�t even control his pre-cum...�

The teacher slips out her finger from his anus and walks to the front of her
desk. Opening a drawer, she pulls out a small, innocent device. With a wistful
smile, she places a hand under his chin and lifts his face so he�s looking
right at it. �This is my Prostate Tamer.� She unravels a thin wire connecting a
control unit to a small bullet. Sliding the leaver on the control unit, she
holds the now vibrating bullet close to his face. His eyes grow wide as the
sound fills his ears...

�In a few moments this will be snug against your big, tight prostate gland.
You�ll feel an urge to ejaculate almost immediately but I�ll need you to hold
still. I don�t want any mess on my desk so I�ll need to hold your penis into a
collection cup.� A feeling of humiliation and reluctant inevitability clouds
over his face. He watches her take a clear shot glass out of the same drawer
before hearing the click of her heels as she walks back to his rudely exposed
back-end.

Using the same technique as she had earlier with her finger, the teacher eases
the bullet past his tight anus. �There we are, that�s a good boy...� she says
as it slips in, pushing past his tight anus until it�s snug against his
prostate. Just the wire is visible now as it trails from his puckered hole. She
hands the control unit to his girlfriend: �Would you mind controlling the
vibration? I�d like to speed this up by jerking your boyfriend�s penis and
making sure he spits all his mess into my glass.� 

His girlfriend takes the control eagerly. �Your brochure stated that most men
try to buck on the table during their prostate vibration.� The teacher smiled
knowingly: �Yes, that�s quite alright. I�ll make him ejaculate quickly after
you turn it on � there�s no need to leave him in such a state.� With that she
takes a seat and wraps her manicured, gloved hand around his throbbing shaft,
leaving the head of his cock exposed and pointing directly at the glass
shooter.

His girlfriend pats his ass and giggled: �Here we go honey!� and turns the
control to full. The male grunts loudly, grips the front of the desk tightly,
and bucks like an animal. �Whoa there � you�re a randy one!� the teacher laughs
and jerks quickly while carefully aiming the swollen head of his cock at the
waiting shot glass.

His girlfriend giggles: �This is fun � it�s like he�s trying to fuck!� The
jerking and relentless prostate vibration continues for a few minutes before
his penis starts to spasm. His first spurt jets half in/out of the shot glass,
splattering over the desk in a wet mess. �Whoa, there he goes!� Both the
teacher and his girlfriend (and any other women present!) laugh as he keeps
ejaculating. �That�s a good boy � get it all out!� the teacher encourages.

As his ejaculatory spurts subside, his girlfriend slowly turns down the power
on the Prostate Tamer and the teacher stops jerking. She squeezes the last of
the last of his fluid out and looks at the mess on her desk. �That�s a very
randy display young man,� she says sternly. Easing the bullet from his ass she
suggests to his girlfriend that he�ll need a taming at lease once a day unless
she�s in the mood for something else.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FantasyMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





