BDSM Library -  My Awakening




 My Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A man discovers that he has spontaniously obtained the power to control others and to stop time, so he decides to have some fun.







My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-06-09T01:43:00Z
  2006-06-09T01:43:00Z
  1
  3899
  22226
   
  185
  52
  26073
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 1;

&nbsp;

The day was like any
other day. I got out of bed somewhere around 3 PM, but only because I set my
alarm. I took a quick shower and forgot to shave. I played around on my
computer for a while, then I was off to work. I'm only 23 and I own my mother's
old corner store, after she sold it to me for basically nothing as she expanded
her other businesses. Anyway, it was a Saturday night, which is a corner
store's best night. That meant I could have two people working (I almost always
have only one person at a time). I was working with a girl named Susan. I have
three employees, including myself. I used to have two guys, but I caught them
stealing and had to boot them. Two girls fresh out of high school (and both a
month or so past 18) applied, and I won't lie about being somewhat lecherous. I
had to hire them. They were both cute little blonds, one with wavy hair and one
with straight. They were very similar, and customers often confused them for
sisters. I've noticed one other note-worthy difference, though. One is more
curvy, with a nice C rack and hips to kill over. The other one was pretty,
sure, but skinnier, with maybe B cups. It's the latter who is Susan.

I got there and found
that the store was empty, aside Susan who was mopping up some beer that someone
dropped. We each exchanged hellos as I sat at the stool behind the counter to
wait. The beer spill was at the end of the aisle the counter faces, and I
couldn't help but admire Susan and her attire. I have no dress code at all, for
customers or employees. So long as people don't wear anything that could get
them in trouble with the law, I don't really care. I was, then, very glad for
that. Susan was wearing a small white undershirt with no visible bra straps,
though I was pretty sure she was wearing one of those ones without straps on
top. The shirt she was wearing above that was a light blue, and it was cut
short in the front. Her belly was visible for a good four or five inches
between her shirt and skirt. Her skirt went to half-way down her thighs. It's
wasn't particularly short, no, but it was some light blue color, made of a
soft, nearly translucent, material, and it got pretty tight at the top of her
legs. As she mopped, her little rump wiggled back and forth and I couldn't
quite get myself look down to note her shoes, yet.

As I heard the bell
above the door ring as someone came in, I made the quick glance and noticed her
shoes were white and light blue tennis shoes. I've never seen her wear the same
pair twice, and I always joked about how she spends the entirety of her checks
on shoes. I look to the people who just entered as the door began to close, and
notice it was the trio of girls I like to call, simply, &quot;The Trio&quot;.
There was a tall one, a blond one, and a brunette. The tall one wasn't very
tall, really, only when compared to the other two. She was an inch or two
shorter than I am (I'm 5'11&quot;). She was blond, too, which is why I think of
her as the tall one instead of by her hair color. I think they're in college,
but they might be high school seniors. I don't really care, they're hot and
they're regulars. Anyway, the first thing they do is greet me and Susan, and
start looking around for whatever they're here for. They were wearing summer
clothes just like everyone else, and I enjoyed glancing at them when I did. The
problem I had here is not letting them catch me when I switched back to
watching Susan's ass, in addition to not letting them see me glance at their
private bits, while not letting Susan catch me when I did either, as well.

Susan stopped mopping
and took the mop and it's bucket into the back room. The Trio came up to the
counter and started making small talk/flirting. The Trio always flirted with
me, and I always flirted back. I'd give them slight discounts every once in a
while, and never ask to see their ID. They got all wrung up and I wished them a
good day, in addition to mentioning that I hoped to see them again soon. The
blond said they'd be back before they went to a party later that night. I said
I'd see them then, they smiled at me and left.

Susan got behind the
counter and said something about containing my drool. I countered, saying
they're not my type anyway. I was surprised when Susan asked, still in a
good-natured but also in a more serious way, what my type was. I told her I'm
bossy, and only tough chicks could handle me. She rolled her eyes and called me
a pig. I agreed, and the night rolled on with fewer customers than I hoped for.

hen the night began
to get interesting. Susan was in that same aisle, rearranging the bottles that
had been moved out of place by customers. I was pretty bored and nobody was in
the store so I was watching Susan's ass again, wondering what kind of trouble a
guy could really get into from having a sexual harassment suit filled against
him. I had already figured out Susan was wearing a thong, and I was kinda
hoping that I'd get a better view. Right then, Susan pulled down her skirt to
the floor with one hand, and went right back to reorganizing the bottom shelf.
Susan was standing there, mooning me practically, working on the bottom shelf!
I thought she had caught me, and was having some kind of fun with me, but I was
sure enjoying whatever fun it was!

She did a jump and
turned around a second or two later while pulling up her skirt, and I was
pretty sure I got caught staring at her ass. I was also pretty sure I had a
good reason to be. It's not every day a girl up and drops trow like that. I'd
have looked even if it was an ugly, old fatty (but I wouldn't have enjoyed it,
then). Her face was bright red and she covered her mouth with one hand while
keeping one on her skirt. She said, &quot;Oh my god! I don't know how my skirt
fell down like that! I'm sorry!&quot;. She just got more embarrassed when I
started laughing. She excused herself to the bathroom and walked quite quickly.
I had a customer while she was in there, but he was just a fast beer purchase.

I was chuckling when
she got back behind the counter. She apologized again and sat down on the other
stool, mindfully keeping her legs together and her hand holding the side of her
skirt.

&quot;What was that
all about?&quot;, I asked after a moment.

Her cheeks were still
red as she stammered out, &quot;I don't know, my skirt just... fell down&quot;,
she finished with her eyes finally back on my own.

I gave her a side
look, &quot;What are you talking about? I watched you pull your own skirt down
to the floor. What are you up to?&quot;, I put my hand under my chin, watching
thoughtfully as she replied.

&quot;I did not!
Something snagged my skirt and it fell down! It was the most embarrassing thing
in the world! And you saw it!&quot; She turned her eyes away from me again at
that last sentence, but she looked back after a short moment.

&quot;I'm going to go
get the security camera, right now, and pause it on the frames you pulled your
skirt down. You won't be able to argue then!&quot;, I got up to go to the back
room, but she just sat there looking at where I had just been. I half way sat
back down, and her eyes remained fixed. In fact, so did the rest of her.
&quot;Susan?&quot; She didn't reply. She just stayed in that position. She was
frozen in place. Out of confusion, I guess, I looked around. Out the windows, I
could see that the cars were all stopped in the street. I did a double take,
and the cars were still there, instead of moving like they were supposed to be.
I almost freaked out, and then the cars began moving. I watched them for a
second or two.

&quot;What?!&quot;,
Susan got up and looked out the window, then at me.

&quot;I'm sorry...
I'll be right back.&quot;, I went to the back room. I stood for a minute
watching the security monitor, trying to make sense of what just happened.
Susan was mostly shuffling about, looking for things to clean or refill. I
distracted myself by wondering why she pulled her skirt down. After a while
trying to think of reasons she would do that, I looked back to the monitor, and
I'll admit I was hoping to see her do it again. I have three aisles in my
store, and the windows were all on one side. The counter was in the center of
the wall facing the aisles, but I had four cameras. One down each aisle, and
one on the counter. She was in the aisle furthest from the windows, organizing
one of the shelves in the cooler along that wall, where the milk is kept. I was
still hoping she'd pull down her skirt. She did it again! As I watched, she
bent over to pull her skirt down, and went right back to organizing the cooler!

That's when it hit
me. I was thinking about seeing her thong better the first time, I was thinking
about her doing the same thing again this time, and I was thinking about
pausing a video tape when time seemed to freeze in place. I considered what
that may mean for a while. Was I becoming a super-hero, like in comic books and
movies? Was this sheer coincidence? By the time I was done imagining the
possible causes for whatever it was that was happening, she was about four
cooler doors closer to the camera, nearly to the edge of the aisles' shelves
that were blocking the view of her from the windows. I decided to test some
things out. I imagined her noticing her skirt where it lay about eight feet
from her. In the monitor, she glanced over there and jumped as though out of
surprise. She rushed over there and grabbed it up, and began putting it back
on. I imagined her stopping, leaving it there while she finished what she was
doing. She did pause, but continued putting them back on. After about five
minutes of playing around with my newfound (and wonderful) power, I
figured out I could get her to do something by imagining that she'll do it, but
she'll correct it if she notices it afterwards (and it's something abnormal
enough that she would fix it). I tested mostly with her skirt, and also by
getting her to bend over, or pick something up, or set something down.

I wanted to play a
bit after this wonderful discovery, of course. I had her, using my power, come
to the back of the store. When she got to where I was, I acted angry and
demanded to know what she was just doing. She got a very red face and her hands
were wrenching themselves at her front. She glanced down from me, and softly
said &quot;I.... I don't know. I was just... my skirt kept coming off, and I
was dropping things, and...&quot;, her voice rose and she looked up at me,
Please don't fire me! I don't know what's happen...&quot; I imagined her
stripping while she was saying this. She kept going on like that and kicked her
shoes off. She continued stripping, pulling down her skirt and taking off both
shirts. They were laying on the floor at her feet when I felt a slight breeze
and she stopped, pausing for a second before looking down to see her body clad
only in her underwear. &quot;OH MY GO...&quot;. I imagined time stopping, and
it did. Excellent!

She was standing in
an odd position. Her arms had begun to move down to grab up her clothes, and
her knees and waist were both bent as though she was about to pick them up. Her
head was down, her eyes wide and pointing at her clothes. Her mouth was open
wide in the &quot;OD!&quot; she was just yelling, and her hair was in a
pony-tail swishing to one side with her movement. I couldn't pass this up, in
case I lost this power. I inspected her bra. It was, in fact, the strapless
kind, and a B cup. I felt her breasts from behind. They were firm, but that was
hard to tell since they just kind of molded to the shape of my hands. I looked
down at her thong. It was some generic, white thong. Her ass was nice and firm.
She looked toned, like a swimmer. I fondled her ass a bit, and it molded to my
hands' shape as well. It was still fun! Then I wondered what she would think
when I started time back up and felt hands, for an instant, on her tits and
ass.

I suddenly knew I
could tell her anything while time was frozen, and she'd believe it, and act in
all ways as though it were true. I could also tell her things to do, and she
would do them. It's like a hypnotic suggestion, except not so much a suggestion
as a command that she could not ignore. So, I commanded her to ignore that she
felt hands on her tits and ass just then. I also told her that she should not
try to cover herself up or move her feet from where they were. I told her not
to freak out about anything; not to act surprised or to show any similar
emotion, but to otherwise act normally. I then took her clothes, tossed them in
the bathroom, and shut the door so she could not see them any more. Right
before I was about to start time, I had a sudden fancy. I spread her legs until
her feet were five feet apart and told her to keep her hands behind her back,
holding their opposite arm's elbow. I started time again.

&quot;Od.&quot; She
paused, and stood up straight, hands to her back and holding the other elbow.
&quot;where did my clothes go? What happened? Why are my arms stuck behind my
back? Why can't I move my feet?&quot; She began moving around, trying to get
her feet and arms free. She stopped after a couple seconds and looked up at me
staring at her, &quot;Huh. They're stuck. Why are you looking at me like that?
I'm very embarrassed. Why am I doing this? What's happening? Why aren't you
helping? This must be a dream.&quot;

She went on like that
for a couple minutes, when I heard the bell. I walked around her and to the
front. It was some kid who looked like he had just gotten his license. He drove
himself here I could see, and he did it in his parent's beemer. I've seen him
here a couple times with his parents before, and he's a total brat. I decided
to take the little twirp for what he's worth. Besides, what was happening was
amazing, and I kinda wanted to show it off, if only a bit. He got a pop and a
candy bar, and payed with a fifty. Awesome. I asked him if he'd hand over the
whole bill, no change back, if I let him play with a real, live girl. He could
touch any part of her he wanted, and he'd have five whole minutes to do it in.

He looked at me like
I was insane, but said &quot;Re... really? Are you tricking me? What are
you...&quot; I stopped time. I went to the back, and Susan was looking down at
herself curiously, and she had a tear stuck in place where it was rolling down
from her eye. I told her that she would not be sad or angry or cry over
anything that would happened in the back room for the next ten minutes. I
continued, she would walk to the door to the front, open it all the way,
standing in the door way, she would look at the kid in front of the counter and
say, 'Yeah, I want him to touch me.', and walk back to this same spot she was
already in, where she would act exactly as she just was. She would not attempt
to move out of reach of anything anyone tried to do to her, and she would not
make any noises with her mouth or open it in any way for the same ten minutes
as she would not be angry or sad. I went back to where I was behind the counter
talking to the boy, trying to get exactly how I was when I froze time. I
started time, &quot;talking about? What girl? Are you for real? What
if...&quot; I heard the door open, and the kid's eyes grew wide at something
behind me.

&quot;Yeah, I want
him to touch me.&quot; I heard Susan say, and I turned around to watch her walk
her firm ass around a corner. I turned back to the boy, who stood there staring
into the back room.

&quot;... Yeah, keep
the change! I can touch her anywhere I want for five minutes?!&quot;

I scooped all the change
into my own pocket and said, &quot;Yep, that's right, kid. Come on.&quot; and I
got up and� walked into the back room.
The kid was right behind me the whole way. As I rounded the corner I saw her
profile by the surveillance equipment in the same position as when I left. Her
head was turned, watching us approach. She seemed curious. I sat on the stool
by the monitors and told the kid, &quot;Don't start, yet, I need to find my
timer.&quot;. As I looked through the drawers, The kid circled her, looking at
her juicy bits in addition to her face. He acted as though he was about to do
something wrong, like his friend had just talked him into egging a sherif's
house, or something of the sort. She was watching him, still looking curious. I
turned around and set the kitchen timer I just found for five minutes, &quot;I
found it. Kid, touch her anywhere you like, but she will not answer any of your
questions. Start&quot;

As soon as I set the
timer down, the kid began touching her breasts. He moved his hands over them,
but I wouldn't call it fondling. He had no idea what he was doing. He looked at
me and asked, &quot;Can I pull down her bra?&quot;.

I answered, &quot;You
can pull anything down, you may touch her in any way you wish. You could even
kiss her, if you want, though I doubt she'll kiss you back.&quot;

At that, Susan looked
up at me quizzically. The boy pulled her bra down to expose her pert bags, and
she started paying attention to him again. He played with her tits for a bit
again, and then glanced at me, and slowly stood up, and began kissing her. He
kept his right hand on her right breast, but moved his left hand down to her
ass, and began rubbing it. I was right in that she was not kissing him back.
She was still the same person, she was simply incapable of getting angry, sad,
or surprised right now. Anybody would take offense at a strange little boy
fondling them while being incapable of stopping them from doing it.

He stopped kissing
her and moved around behind her to play with her butt for a bit, and he moved a
hand around once in a while to grab one of her breasts. She swung her head
around while she watched him. I warned him that he only had two minutes left,
and that I recommend moving the part of her thong that's covering her pussy to
one side, so that he can get all the time in playing with that he could. He
came around to the front and got on his knees to lean closer, and he did just
that. She was completely shaved. He seemed amazed by the sight of it at first.
He moved some parts around and prodded it curiously. He asked me what certain
parts were, and I answered. He started fingering her with his index finger, and
she got a look of pain on her face. He stopped and looked at me questioningly.
I told him him that, &quot;Yes, it does hurt her, but,&quot; I lied, &quot;she
will simply tell me a code word when she wants it to stop. Without that code
word, she must want you to keep going.&quot;. He began again, and worked
slowly, seeing her pain filled eyes. She began to relax and get a mostly
curious looking face again, though there was still obviously a bit of pain. He
was grabbing her ass with the hand not working her pussy. He seemed mesmerized
by what he was doing. He would look up at her face, and then finger her more
slowly. He would, of course, speed back up after a while, and slow back down
when he saw the pain in her eyes. He was just getting worked up and going
quickly ...

&quot;BUZZZZZZZ!&quot;,
said the timer. The kid jumped back, bring with him his hands from her body,
and looked at me.

&quot;This is
amazing, I don't want to stop!&quot;

&quot;Too bad. If you
come back some other time with money, maybe I'd let you do it again.&quot;

He was excited the
whole way to the door, and he had a goofy grin on his face too. I bet he's
going to tell all of his friends about this, and they'll want to do it, too. I
might have even considered it too, but right then I didn't plan on allowing
that again. I stopped time and told him to tell no one about it, unless that
person was also here in this very store and I was working. I still didn't know
if or when I'd lose this power. I walked to the back room, and Susan was
staring at me with that same curious look that was beginning to seem kind of
eerie. I stood in front of her and played with her nipples. I was staring her
in the eye. I squeezed her nipples, and she shut her eyes and screwed up her
face. It obviously hurt a lot worse than what that boy did. I brought my left
hand down to her crotch, and began massaging her clit. It reacted, but she
still wouldn't get into it. I squeezed a nipple every once in a while, and when
I thought time was about to run out on my ten minute commands, I stopped time
again. I told her that she would enjoy my attentions and she would not raise
her voice above normal once she could speak again, unless she was having an
orgasm. I told her that she will orgasm, and when she does she would be free to
move again, and she would realize that she would always enjoy any time I pay
any such attention to her, even when it hurt. I told her she would never take
any measure against anything I do to her, regardless where we were or who was
around. Any time I told her to do anything, she would do it to the best of her
ability without hesitation or question, even if it means stopping doing
something else, regardless what that thing may be. She would remember
everything that occurred here in this last fifteen minutes or so, and she would
remember her humiliation, but she would think of that humiliation, or any other
humiliation, as a reminder of her servitude to me, which she will cherish more
than anything. I added at the end that she would never wear underwear again,
except bras, and would wear a skirt whenever the weather was such that she
would not be uncomfortable in it. I started time again.

She had the same look
at the beginning, but then her features softened, and I saw some color come to
her face. Very suddenly, her features changed to appear angry, and she began
shakily saying, &quot;Stop it! You shouldn't be doing this! This is like
rape!&quot;, She began crying, but her mound was rubbing against my hand as
though she was desperate to orgasm. She continued, &quot;Why would you do this?
What is this? It shouldn't be like this. I hate this. Why can't I stop this?
Why can't I move away?! How does it feel.... NO! It can't! I can't. This is a
horrible nightmAREEOOOOHHHHH! AAHH! OH GOD! YES!&quot;.

She fell onto me, her
arms around me. She stayed there like that for almost a whole second, but then
stood away from me and immediately sat down on the floor (or, actually, warily
flopped down) and pulled off her underwear. She got back up and started hugging
me again. I reached over to the bathroom door and opened it. &quot;Clean up,
get dressed, and meet me behind the counter.&quot;, I told her, and headed back
to the storefront. I saw her put her bra back up onto her breasts and step into
the bathroom as I rounded the corner. When I got out of the back there was a 24
pack of beer on the counter and some wide bellied businessman on the other side
of it with a big grin on his face. I recognized him as a regular.

&quot;Will that be
all?&quot; I asked him?

&quot;For me, sure.
Is that one of those two cuties who work here who just had such a great ride
back there?&quot;

&quot;Yep&quot;, I
took his money and rung it up, he had exact change, &quot;The skinny one. She
wanted it bad bad. Have a good day.&quot;

&quot;I'll try, but
you've one-upped me&quot;, He nodded at me, took his beer, and left.

Susan came out of the
back and sat on the other stool, facing me.

&quot;Susan, are you
wearing underwear?&quot;

She waved her hands
in front of her as though the idea was ridiculous and answered, &quot;No,
sir!&quot;.

&quot;Show me.&quot;

Susan glanced around
nervously, but even as she did that she hiked her skirt up to just under her
pubic area and lifted for a moment, showing me her bare mound. She began to pull
her skirt back down, but I motioned for her to stop.

&quot;No, up to your
waist.&quot;, I commanded. She continued looking around nervously, obviously
hoping nobody would see except myself and her, and pulled her skirt up so it
looked more like a belt than a skirt. &quot;Stand up and spread your
legs&quot;, and she did, holding her skirt like that.

&quot;Do you like it,
sir?&quot;

&quot;Your bitch cunt
has gotten me hot.&quot; I told her. She seemed to slightly flinch when I
called her mound a 'bitch cunt', but she immediately smiled after the rest of
the sentence. I stood up and motioned for her to get in the space under the
counter while I unzipped my pants and pulled out my mostly erect, seven inch
dick. &quot;You're going to suck me off and swallow every last drop. You will
remain under there until I tell you otherwise, and you will suck my dick every
time you see it starting to get erect.&quot;

She got under, and I
sat down. As she began, I could tell she was unpracticed. I sat for a couple
minutes, and it became more obvious. When I felt teeth, I stopped time. I gave
her instructions on how to deep-throat, use her tongue, the whole nine yards. I
also told her to masturbate every time she sucked my dick unless unable to or I
tell her not to, and that she would have a very powerful orgasm every time I
came down her throat. I started time again, and she improved immediately. Sure,
she still wasn't great at it, but I was going to be sure to get her to the
point she was. I began hearing some wet sloshing as I got closer. She may not
be that great at it, but I had gotten damned horny with all the foreplay.
Before I came, I scooted out a bit from the counter, so I could watch her work
on both of us. I moved her legs a bit to watch her better. She was perched
precariously, but she could still work both of us. When I came she
deep-throated me and stayed there, while she orgasmed she rubbed herself
furiously and screamed into my draining cock. Her legs were wobbling, but she
stayed there until I was completely drained. She fell back and lay under the
counter for a moment with her hands on her pussy, panting and licking her lips.
After half a minute, she sat up and leaned against the inside of the counter,
facing me. Her legs were spread with each foot to the side of her ass, her arms
wrapped around each leg to keep them there, spreading her pussy lewdly. She
smiled at me shyly, and put a finger to the side of her mouth, half teasingly
and half to cover her blush.

&quot;That was a good
job.&quot; I told her, and she seemed a little embarrassed but proud, her pussy
dripping juices onto the floor under the counter.

&quot;Sir...
I...&quot; She got redder and paused.

&quot;I order you to
finish that sentence.&quot;

&quot;I love you,
sir.&quot; She blushed deeply and turned her face downward, but smiled
brightly.

I answered, &quot;You
are my property. Loving me is the least you could do.&quot; I hoped these
powers would stick around. Life would get exponentially better if they did.














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-06-29T22:50:00Z
  2006-06-29T22:50:00Z
  1
  6928
  39495
   
  329
  92
  46331
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 2

&nbsp;

While Susan was under
the counter, I decided to open up a new register for her. I grabbed the change
box from next to her and counted out the starting till. I was interrupted a
couple times by customers, but nothing important happened. Susan and I made small
talk, and eventually she got around to asking what happened to her. She said
she had always considered me attractive, but what had happened earlier confused
her. I finished with the second register and scooted back to look at her while
we talked. She was still sitting with her feet to her sides, holding her legs
with her arms, and her skirt pulled up to her waist like a belt. Of course she
didn't put any underwear on. She's never going to wear underwear again,
assuming I keep this power or the commands I gave her stay if the power does
disappear, and she didn't even get out from under the counter to get any. She
continued, saying that she was really embarrassed when that boy was fondling
her, and she's very confused why she didn't do anything to stop it. Then, when
I was masturbating her and she hated it but couldn�t stop it. She was glad it
happened, of course, but she didn't understand what happened to her, why she
acted the ways she did.

She was no longer
embarrassed about having her pussy exposed to me, as it had been a while. In
fact, she liked when I looked at it, I could tell. Watching her sit like that
and her reminding me of what just happened started to get me hard. I willed her
to see that I was getting aroused. She glanced at my crotch, and stopped mid
sentence to unzip me and pull out my dick, which she immediately started
sucking. She got balanced on her feet with her legs spread so that I could
watch her finger herself and rub her clit. I scooted in a bit when I saw a car
pull up and a couple college boys get out. They came into the store, and the
bell dinged. Susan didn't even slow down. She didn't move in response to the
bell at all, just kept working my dick and her pussy. The college kids each
grabbed a bottle of booze and came up to the counter. They asked me if I was
alright.

&quot;Yeah, why do
you ask?&quot;

&quot;Well, you're
sweating and breathing kinda hard.&quot;

&quot;Oh, don't think
anything of... it.... Ugh! Oh! Ahhhhhh!...Um...&quot;, At the same time I said
'Ugh', Susan began screaming into my cock with her orgasm, which lasted about
twenty seconds. She was deep throating my dick the whole time, and she drank
all of my cum. I stopped time. This was kind of awkward, but I decided to have
some fun with it. I said to the two young men, &quot;When you leave here, you will
remember only that you came in here and bought your liquor, nothing peculiar
happening.&quot;

I scooted back and
looked down at Susan, with her mouth still open to take my cock. Her eyes were
closed in extacy and she had two fingers in her snatch, her thumb on her clit.
I pulled up her shirt to expose her breasts and told her to keep her clothes as
they currently are as best she can, unless told otherwise by me. I also told
her that she was unable to speak, or to make any noise with her mouth except
moans of pleasure, and I told her she could not get angry or cry about this
until the two boys left. I scooted back into place, with my dick in her mouth,
and started time again. The young men just looked at me for a moment and
started chuckling softly. One of them said, &quot;Haha, yeah, you're more than
fine, huh?!&quot;

I scooted back, put
myself away and zipped up. I glanced down at Susan who was holding her shirt
and skirt up. She was bright red and looking at me in what I could only assume
was a pleading manner. One boy made a joke, and the other congratulated me. I
told Susan to get up and sit on her stool. She did, and she tried to cover her
breasts with the arm holding her shirt, and moved the elbow holding her skirt
in front of her mound. Her legs were clenched shut, but she did not put down
her shirts or skirt. The boys got quiet and stared, apparently not sure what to
say. They hadn't expected this, and I didn't think they would.

&quot;Arms to the
side, Susan! Let them see what you have.&quot;, I commanded her. She looked at
me pleadingly, but moved her arms out of the way. Her face was still as red as
it was under the table. She wouldn't take her eyes off of me. &quot;Look at the
nice boys, cunt.. And spread your legs so they get a good view of your snatch,
too.&quot;

Not only did she
spread her legs, but she scooted forward and leaned back so that her pussy was
pointed at them more directly, and spread her legs as far as it looked like
they could go.

&quot;Wow&quot;, said
one of the boys, &quot;She just does whatever you say?&quot;

&quot;Yep, no matter
what.&quot;

&quot;Seriously?&quot;,
the boy seemed slightly embarrassed, and his friend was letting him do all the
talking.

&quot;Yeah, anything
I say. Is there anything you want her to do?&quot;

&quot;Well... yeah,
could you.... have her... you know, play with herself?&quot;

&quot;Bitch, play
with yourself.&quot;, and Susan, watching the two boys, began to finger herself
with two fingers and rub her clit with her thumb, using the hand that was
holding her skirt. It's not going anywhere with her like this. The problem was
she looked like she was doing it only because I told her to, which I realized
was, in fact, the case. I added, &quot;You'd better orgasm within two minutes,
too, after which you may stop playing with yourself.&quot;

At first, she simply
made a face that was full of worry. Then, though the worry remained, she began
rocking slightly to rub her mound against her working hand and began softly
moaning. Soon, she began moving her mouth to form well defined
&quot;Oooh&quot;s and &quot;Aahh&quot;s. She began rocking and fingering
herself harder. She never took her eyes off of the boys. Her head was down, as
if trying to pull her eyes away from them, or to hide a small amount of her
shame. I didn't care, this was classic. The big O hit. It lasted for around
fifteen seconds and she immediately moved her hand back to her skirt when it
ended, giving the boys a great view of her swollen, red pussy. She was frowning
and worried, but still holding her position and looking at the boys.

I paused time then,
to tell the boys not to say anything or to move to stop anything from happening
until they left, not to be so bashful, and started it back up again.
&quot;Stand up on the counter and turn around towards me with your ass to them,
but keep looking them each in the eye.&quot;, and she did just that, though I
had to help her onto the counter. She kept her torso twisted, slightly, so she
could keep looking at the boys. I told her to spread her feet three feet and
equidistant from one of the boys' bottles of booze. This bottle had about a
five inch neck and a plastic safety lid. Bitch, slowly, over the span of, say,
thirty seconds, wave your ass back and forth as you move downward to put the
bottle in your pussy. Make a show of it. Try to turn those two on. You may let
go of your clothes while you do this, and you must spread your ass cheeks, to
give them a good view of what you have, until you put the bottle in your
cunt&quot;.

She did exactly as I
said. While she did this, I walked to the other side of the counter to watch
her face. She made a circle with her waste as she went down, slowly, and kept
her ass-cheeks apart to show off her brown-eye and pussy. She was frowning and
worried still, but I really didn't expect that to change. When she got low
enough, she placed on hand on the counter, for balance, and the other one held
the bottle where it was. She didn't even pause before, at the same pace at
which she danced down, she slid her pussy down onto the five inches of the
bottle neck. I watched her face as she did it, and she bared her teeth in pain.
It took a few seconds for the pain to mostly leave her face, though some
stayed.

&quot;Lean down as
far as you can and arch your back. Fuck the bottle, but slowly, to reduce any
damage your pussy might endure. Angle the bottle if you need to. Do nothing
else.&quot;

She began to slide up
the length of the bottle neck, and the pain came back to her face. It took her
a good three seconds to get up to near the top before sliding back down. Three
seconds each way. I paused time. I don't know if these boys are sadists, but
chances are they aren't. I told her to act like there was no pain at all, to
act neutral, as though she didn't care about fucking the bottle one way or the
other, but only to act. I started time, and the pain faded from her face. She
just kept fucking the bottle. Up... down... up... down... up... down.

I saw someone else
pull up, and I went outside non-chalantly. I did the whole time-stop trick that
I was now getting accustomed to and told the middle-aged lady that she wouldn't
consciously realize that the girl on the counter or the two boys were there,
but that she would also not interfere with what was going on in any way. I got
back to where I was, started time again, and walked back inside. Susan's torso
was at about a 20 degree angle, which is quite dexterous for what she was doing
on the counter. One hand was holding the bottle at about a 35 degree angle
while she fucked it, the other hand was holding most of the weight from her
torso so that she didn't fall down, and her feet were still three feet apart.
One of the boys was fondling her ass cheeks. The other boy saw me come in, and
touched his friend on the shoulder. The boy immediately removed his hands from
her ass, but I motioned that he could continue. I began to wonder why Susan
would allow him to do that, but then I remembered the order to 'do nothing else',
which would include stopping them from doing things to her.

I got behind the
counter, and I watched for a couple minutes as Susan fucked the bottle neck and
the one boy fondled her ass. The other boy seemed to get more comfortable and
reached for one of her tits. It was hard for him to reach, but he did. He slid
his hand up under her shirt to play with it. He played with her tit, lightly
pinching her nipple once in a while, and the first boy reached under her and
carefully started playing with her clit. I told them they could continue, but I
also wrung them up for what they got. They silently payed, and went back to
what they were doing. The middle-aged lady came up, walked around the boys, and
set her food right next to Susan. The boys stopped what they were doing,
looking back and forth between the lady and Susan, who was still going at it.
The lady payed for her groceries and left, as though nothing odd was happening.
The boys seemed confused for a moment, but then began playing with Susan again.

I walked around to
watch, and I noticed the first boy was not only playing with her clit, but
actually fingering her asshole with his other hand's middle finger, too. I
though he was simply massaging her ass cheek before. He slowed down when I
noticed, but I motioned for him to continue. He actually started fingering her
asshole faster. Susan looked at him again. She looked like she was simply in
the same embarrassment she had been, but there was also something else. As
though trying to ask him to stop through her looks. I had thought it was kind
of weird that these strangers would do this, but I had told them not to be
bashful, so maybe that was it. Either way, I was enjoying the show.

&quot;Get on your
knees and lean back, but keep your legs spread. Use the hand holding the bottle
to fuck your pussy with the bottle, since you won't be able to do that in your
new position. Use your other hand to hold yourself up in this new position, and
lean as far back as you can without falling. Kiss back anyone who kisses you&quot;

The boys stopped what
they were doing while she was rearranging herself, but once she settled down
they began again. She was now moving the bottle in and out at least once every
second. I supposed it didn't hurt as badly. her back was still arched. The boy
fondling one tit could now reach both, and he took the hint and began to kiss
her, which grew into sheer making out. The one fingering her ass stopped
playing with her clit, and began to unzip. I stopped time, and told the boys to
leave. I told Susan that she would stay in that position until I tell her she
could move. She would finger herself due to the lack of the bottle which the
boy would soon take.

The boys left with
their bottles, one with pussy juice all over it, and Susan immediately began
crying. She held her position and fingered herself, but she looked at me and
asked between sobs, &quot;Can I... please stop?.. My vagina... and butt... both
hurt bad... Why... did you let them... do that?... Why did he... do it... to my
butt? Ow... my vagina... hurts... please?!'

&quot;Fine, you may
stop, but get back under the counter until I tell you to get out and start
working.&quot;

&quot;Thank
you!&quot;, she said as she stopped. She was still crying when she got down
there and I sat back down, but then she noticed I was somewhat hard, and gave
me head once again. She was crying most of the way through, but she stopped
when we both orgasmed. She was stuffy and sniffly when she began talking again.
She asked me about what happened to her again, but she also asked me why I let
those boys be so mean to her. She asked a lot of questions, but that's what it
boiled down to.

I looked down at her,
and she was in the position with her feet on either side of her ass again. I
told her, &quot;You will never ask me for reasons ever again. That I pay
attention to you and tell you to do things is more than enough, and you'd
better do everything I say without questioning it from now and forever into the
future.&quot;

&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;
She said. She actually appeared happier. Maybe because she (after her
transformation) liked it when I was firm, or maybe because I was looking at
her. Either way, her slight sobs disappeared.

She was down there
for another couple hours, but then I told her to start working as we got busy.
She seemed completely normal for most the rest of the night. Then, about half
an hour before midnight, which is closing time, The Trio came in. I glanced at
Susan, who seemed to get slightly worried. She turned back to her work when she
saw me looking. I bet she thought I was going to have her do things with those
three. She may have been right. The three looked around as they walked to the
counter, and then began making small talk with me. We talked for about five
minutes. I payed special attention to what they were wearing. 

The brunette was
wearing a black tube top, and it looked like there was no bra at all under it.
I had always admired her tits. She had to have Ds, or maybe bigger, and yet
they, along with the rest of her body, were still firm and healthy looking.
Maybe they were fake. She was wearing some pretty tight khakis that didn't
quite get to her ankles. She had sandals on. From what I could see, she was tan
and firm, like she kept herself healthy with food, exercise, and lotion.

The blond had what I
imagined to be C-cups, and she was hiding them beneath a fuzzy pink sweater
that didn't have sleeves, but did have a turtle neck. I though it looked kind
of funny, particularly in the heat, but I have no fashion sense. I couldn't
quite tell, but I was pretty sure she was wearing a bra under it. She was
wearing a white, khaki skirt that fluttered around as she walked and was short
enough that I imagined the fluttering of the skirt might reveal her ass if she
took a big enough step. Those skirts never do reveal anything, though. She had
on high heeled sandal looking things. Maybe they were shoes, but I wouldn't
call them that. Like the brunette, the blond was tan and firm. I'd have to say
she's more shapely than the brunette, but the brunette's huge rack made up for
that.

The tall one was
wearing one of those dresses that can just be slid right into or out of. It had
a floral design on a dark blue background and it's length was down to about
four inches below her ass. I would be lying if I said I knew what flowers were
in the design, but they were yellow. She had on the same kind of shoes as the
blond. Her tits were the smallest of them, but they were still probably a large
B or small C. I could see that she did, indeed, have a bra on, since the dress
was thin enough to let me see the lines of it. I kept wondering if she would
turn around and bend over far enough to let me see her underwear, or if it was
possible to see it if she did. At that moment, she did exactly that. She turned
around and bent down, touching the ground with one hand, then got back up and
turned back around. When she bent over, I could make out the very bottom of her
ass cheeks. She was either wearing a thong or no underwear at all. She was firm
like the other two, but she was skinnier. She looked just slightly skinnier
than Susan, but she was taller, so they were probably the same mass.

The tall one looked
around at the other two and myself, and said, &quot;Woah, I fell.
Whoops.&quot;, then the conversation continued as it was. Haha, with my time
stopping and mind control ability, I almost forgot about this one. I looked at
the brunette, and imagined her pulling down her tube top to reveal her full
breasts. Of course she did it, and her tits were amazing. She obviously didn't
realize her tube top was down immediately, and neither of the other two were
looking at her. After what was probably three seconds, she realized I was
staring at her tits, and she realized her tube top was down. She turned around
while pulling it up and in place and started laughing at herself, saying,
&quot;Oh my god! I'm so embarrassed!&quot;. She and the others laughed about
it, and it was made light of. Apparently the blond told her that she shouldn't
wear that top in the very case that it fell down and exposed her while she was
dancing. The brunette agreed, after that.

I had to do it. I
stopped time. I began with the brunette. I told her that she would do anything
I told her to, and their were other variables. Variable one; When I gave her a
command, she would not realize I gave her the command in any way. She would
think I was acting perfectly normal. Variable two; If what she was doing due to
these commands was uncomfortable or unusual in any way, she would not bother
anyone else with it. She would not seek help in stopping what she was doing,
she would not apologize for it or ask other people about it, nothing. She
could, however, attempt to get out of the situation, though she would continue
doing as I instructed. Variable three; If I said 'Simon says' at the beginning
of a sentence containing a command for her, she would not realize she was doing
what was commanded, even if it was pointed out to her. However, she would feel
it and react physically to it in the same way she would if she were aware of
it.

Then I turned to the
tall one. I told her that her purpose in life is to make me happy, and that she
would lose all meaning if she ever displeased me. If I even hinted that
something would make me even a fraction happier she would do whatever she could
to see that it happened. She would do the same with making sure I did not go
unhappy. However, she would retain her personality and her attempts to make me
happy or stop me from becoming less happy would not interfere in it, except, of
course, as she learned what I do and do not like. I didn't expect much from her
immediately.

The blond I couldn't
immediately think of what to tell her to do. I was hit with inspiration right
when I was about to simply not give her a command, yet. I told her she would
fuck her pussy with phallusesque objects. Each object would seem like it was
perfect when she first grabbed it, but she would grow bored of it and choose a
new item about once every couple minutes, or if her current item was removed by
some force besides her. This, of course, would be thought of as a completely
normal part of life. It's so usual that it's not even worth bringing up in
conversation. It is to, for all practical purposes, be completely ignored,
except to be done. Also, every fifth item would be placed in her ass, even
though she meant for it to go into her pussy. It would follow the same rules as
though it did go into her pussy. No matter how uncomfortable any particular
object was in either hole, she would fuck herself with it as hard as though
doing so would make her orgasm very soon, and must be used for the whole couple
minutes, until she 'grows bored' with it. She would put most of the items back
where she found them, but sometimes simply drop them and continue about her business.

I added for all three
that anything I did would not seem at all out of place, and will go completely
ignored. That is, they would realize I was doing it, and they would feel that I
was doing it, but they would think of what I was doing as perfectly acceptable,
and wouldn't even mention it unless it was brought up by somebody else, though
what I did might elicit surprise, reflexive, or otherwise unwilled responses
(which would be ignored by their friends). When I was doing something to them,
they would move such that I was better able to do it, though those movements
wouldn't be thought out of place, either, even if it meant extreme alterations
in positioning or current actions. I created an additional such rule effective
for Susan. It was exactly like the one I gave myself, except that The Trio
wouldn't even realize she was there, even if she talked, or began wounding
them, or anything, and they'd ignore any interactions I exchanged with Susan.
Though they would still feel what she was doing to them. Also, even if anyone
was ignoring the conversation to any degree, they would still imagine that
person was interacting in their usual idiom or imagine that the person was
simply not involving themselves in the conversation just then. I also told them
each that if any of their friends did anything even slightly unusual, or had
anything slightly unusual happening to them, they would completely ignore it.
It wouldn't even register to them, in any way, that it was happening, except to
feel it if they were doing it to them. They would only notice things that were
usual. Also, the girls would not notice the store was closed when I did close,
and they would continue in their current conversation with me at the counter
until I said otherwise. I decided it was a good day to close early, so I walked
over to the open sign and turned it off (though the light would only stop once
I started time), turned off the exterior lights, and locked the door.

I walked back to
where I was before and started time again. Everybody was acting completely
normal, and still joking about how the brunette's top fell down. They were all
leaning on the counter talking to me like normal, after a minute or two went
by. From left to right was the brunette, the blond, and the tall one. By then,
the blond had picked up one of the ridiculously salty, individually wrapped
pickles on the candy rack. Nobody bought those, but I thought they were funny
enough in prospect to keep around. She reached down under her skirt with it,
moved something (I assumed her underwear) to one side, and shoved the pickle,
plastic wrapping and all, into her pussy. She began fucking her pussy with it
at a steady rate, I'd guess a couple thrusts per second. She had a painful look
on her face (the pickles were wide and the plastic had poky corners), but she
kept fucking herself and talking through gritted teeth, and what she was doing
was being ignored by everyone except Susan. Susan just then got behind the
counter and gasped.

&quot;Why's she doing
that?! What are you doing?&quot;

&quot;They're going
to act oddly tonight, because I want it that way. Stop asking such questions
and go over to the tall one and remove her underwear. Move her legs apart and,
once there's room, get down on the floor between her legs and eat her out. You
may position her so that she's helping you get to her cunt.&quot; Susan got a
worried and sad face, but began walking around the counter.

As she walked towards
the tall one, she was looking at me saying, &quot;I'm not a dyke or bi or
anything!&quot; She made it to the tall one and kneeled in front of her,
lifting her dress. She moved the tall one's hands so that she was holding her
dress up to her belly button, displaying everything below it. She was wearing a
light pink thong, which Susan started pulling down to the ground. She had a landing
strip which was red. Ha, this whole time she had been dying her hair. I could
have called her the red-head. Oh well. Susan continued pleading while doing
that, looking at the tall one's snatch, &quot;Oh no. Please don't make me do
this! This is disgusting. Why...&quot;, and she shoved her mouth into the tall
one's snatch, and started licking.

&quot;Susan, when the
blond one drops something she was fucking herself with, you will pick it up and
fuck yourself with it.&quot;

The blond put the
pickle back where she found it, which was simply funny. She grabbed a candy bar
and started fucking herself with it without pausing in her conversation. Still,
though, I couldn't see her do it. I walked out from behind the counter, around
Susan and the tall one who she was being forced to dyke out with, the tall one
ignoring that it was even happening, and stood in front of the blond. She had
turned to face me as I came around the counter, as did the brunette. She kept
the conversation going. I grabbed the candy bar and moved it in and out of her.
She let go of it. I pulled her skirt down with my free hand and it stopped at
my elbow of the arm using the candy bar. She had a very small black thong, and
it was to the right side of her mound. She was shaved bare, and I could see all
of her snatch clearly. It was a bright red, as though she was very excited. Her
legs were about two feet apart, to make room for what she was doing. I let go
of the candy bar and let it and her skirt fall to the floor. She grabbed a
package of starburst and started working herself with it, ignoring that her
skirt was on the floor around her ankles. Susan pulled the front of her skirt
up and folded it into it's own waist band and grabbed the candy bar that
dropped to the floor to began fucking her own pussy with it.

I went back around
the counter, those who could turn to follow where I was going were doing so.
The tall one's legs were spread almost four feet apart, and Susan was working
at her slit and clit with her tongue furiously. The tall one was still slightly
leaning on the counter. I leaned over the counter and gave her ass a hard slap.
She slightly jumped, winced, and said &quot;Gah!&quot; when my slap landed, but
it was otherwise ignored. Susan lost her pace, but took it back up when she
found the tall one's pussy again. My slap left a slightly pint hand print on
her ass, though it looked like it would fade soon.

The blond switched to
some other pseudo-dildo, but I wanted to begin on the brunette. &quot;Simon
says, pull down your tube top to expose your tits, and pinch your nipples
hard.&quot; She did exactly that, and gasped. She didn't act as though she was
doing anything to her tits, although she did have an open mouthed frown and her
brows were down as though in some pain, yet she continued talking as though
nothing was wrong. I'd then wager, in fact, that her tits were larger than D.
Probably even triple Ds! It seemed like she got used to it after about half a
minute, though she still had a slight frown after that.

I started watching
the blond, now. I knew she was about to shove something into her ass &quot;on
accident&quot; and fuck it just as she would her pussy. I wanted to see the
reaction she would have that everyone except myself and maybe Susan would
ignore. Susan would be too focused on that snatch she was eating out to do
anything about anything, anyway.

The blond placed a
candy bar back where it was before she started fucking it, and she grabbed an
empty beer bottle I had on the counter to the side of the drawer that someone
returned for the deposit. I watched her position it's neck as though she was
going to shove it up her snatch, except it was a couple inches too far back.
She shoved it up and into her, and she bent forward hitting the counter with
her free hand and made a half scream, like she was going to scream, but stopped
half way through. She had a frown and a look of surprise and pain on her face.
Then she got to fucking her ass with it and just started gasping, in between
which she would &quot;ouch&quot;, &quot;oh&quot;, or &quot;ow&quot; sharply. I
leaned over the counter and watched from on upwards side angle. I could see the
thick of the bottle stop the momentum of her inward thrusts, which was when she
was saying something indicating pain, and she would gasp as she would pull out.
She continued talking in-between gasps, too. She was thrusting about twice per
second. I grabbed around her and fondled her ass cheeks. They wobbled a bit as
she moved the bottle into and out of her ass, but they were firm and round. She
was simply using such force that they bounced. I slapped her ass a about six
times, very hard, and I left red marks. She added a gasp each time I slapped
her, and my force moved her hips forward about half a foot, but she'd get back
in place and the slaps were otherwise ignored. She was just standing there
talking with her friends in between gasps while pumping the bottle into and out
of her red ass. then, she put the bottle back where it was and grabbed one next
to it to use on her pussy. I checked, and her ass bounced just like it was
before.

I looked over at the
tall one, and she was rosy cheeked. She talked softly, and I could tell she was
going to have an orgasm soon. I turned to the brunette, who was still pinching
her nipples with a vague frown, but otherwise, like the other two, acting
normal.

&quot;Simon says,
stay in that spot. Now, squeeze your nipples harder and alternate yanking them,
making sure you use enough force to make it hurt. Also, change up the time
between the yanks, anywhere from almost no time at all to five seconds,
choosing the length as randomly as you can.&quot;

I watched, and I
could barely tell that her nipples got a bit flatter as she squeezed harder.
She had the same face as earlier, as well as a slightly louder gasp, and she
looked down at her tits in surprise. Then, she yanked on her right nipple. She
shut her eyes when she did it and shouted, &quot;Ouch!&quot;. Then she looked
at her tits again, still with a grimace on her face. &quot;What the
hell?!&quot;. She yanked her left nipple several seconds later, and her right
one again very soon after, each accompanied by an &quot;Ouch!&quot;. She began
looking around, frantic. First at her friends, who were completely ignoring
what she was doing to her own tits, and enraptured in their conversation.
&quot;Ouch!&quot;, she pulled a nipple. I watched her as she pulled them, and
when she did, her tit's seemed to get pulled out to twice their normal length
and where shaped more like cones, but then suddenly shrunk back down to their
normal, beautiful globe shapes. They looked similar to silly putty nearer the
nipple, when she pulled on them. I heard the tall one start breathing hard and
sharp, having an orgasm and trying to hide that fact from everyone around, but
I kept my attention on the brunette.

&quot;Pinch your
nipples as hard as you can.&quot;

She shouted
&quot;Gaaahhh!&quot;, and stared at her nipples after that, and I could see
that they were extremely flattened and turning white on the end. she yanked
one, then another, then another, and another, at random lengths of times
between pulls, and each time accompanied by a &quot;GAH!&quot;,
&quot;AH!&quot;, &quot; OUCH!&quot;, or some other noise indicating pain. She
was crying, too. I looked up at her face, and tears were rolling down her eyes.
I could hear, between noises of pain, her vocal ponderances about the
situation, which were panicked and caught in�
the sniffles of her crying. She was wondering what was happening, why
she couldn't control her arms, why nobody even noticed, and what the hell she
might be able to do to stop it. However, whenever her friends asked her a
question or looked at her for information, she would still give it, in-between
her crying and &quot;ouch&quot;es, then go back to focusing on her own problem.

&quot;Stop.&quot;,
She stopped pinching her nipples and yanking on them, and leaned on the counter
crying. Her tits were setting on the counter, and she was wiping tears from her
eyes. She slowly got caught back up in the conversation. She rubbed her bare
breasts to reduce the pain, though she was obviously trying to hide that she
was rubbing them.

&quot;Simon says,
while you're very concerned with what just happened with your breasts, you will
realize it's over and there's nothing to worry about. Simon says, go back to
acting as you did before you started mauling your own breasts. Simon says, keep
your tits rested with their full weight on the counter, and keep your nipples
pointed as straight forward as you can.&quot;

She bent forward
until her breasts were fully resting on the counter, nipples pointed towards
me, but down a bit. She started talking again like nothing had happened. I
grabbed some of the edible lubricant from the sex supplies rack behind me and
walked around the counter, and the girls turned as best they could to follow
me, so that the conversation wouldn't break (even though I had been ignoring it
for a while, now). The tall one turned her torso and head to follow me, since
her bottom half was occupied with Susan's contortions of it and oral sex, so
could not move. Susan was wholly concentrating on the pussy her mouth was
working on and the candy bar she was pounding her snatch with. She was on her
tip-toes, with her legs folded all the way at the knee so that her ass was
resting on her heels. Her hand not holding the candy bar was helping hold the
tall one's pussy lips apart so that her tongue could get where it was going better.

The blond had simply
turned to follow me, though she did it all on one foot so that she could keep
going on her pussy with one of those gigantic lighters in the shape of a
match-stick. I walked her away from the counter a couple feet and turned her so
that her front was towards it, though she still had her head turned to look at
me. I bent her over so that her head was against the wall on the front of the
counter, and watched her fucking herself. She reached up and put that near
where she got it, and grabbed a king sized candy bar that she found on the
candy rack next to her. The way I had her, she could only see the lower part of
the candy rack. She moved it towards her crotch to jam it in her pussy, but it
was too far back by a couple inches. She jammed it in there and fucked her ass
with it just like she did with the bottle. She even kept up with the
conversation, though her shouts of pain were louder. The candy bar was about
eight inches long, and about an inch and a half wide. Only enough to hold onto
was not being forced into her ass. I knelt down to watch her fuck her ass with
the candy bar. While I watched, I decided to finger her pussy. She didn't alter
her yelps or anything, but I discovered she was exceptionally wet. The brunette
was turning her head left, towards the conversation, but she couldn't move much
more due to her position. I could see her looking at me and saying something
about the party they were going to. The blond chimed in by inviting me to the
party, though it was somewhat difficult to tell what she was saying with her
voice changing in pitch and volume with each thrust of her candy bar. I said,
&quot;Sure, I'll go to the party with you&quot;. The blond dropped the candy
bar that was in her ass, and found another king sized candy bar to begin
working her pussy with. I removed my fingers and she went to work.

I went over to the
brunette, who turned her head to keep up with where I was in relation to the
rest of the conversation. From behind her, I unbuckled her belt and pants, and
moved them down. She was wearing black bikini undies, which I pulled down also.
Her ass was just a bit softer than the blond's, but it was also smaller. I
could hold one of her ass-cheeks completely in my hand if I spread my hand out.
I pulled down my own pants and stood to her right, so I could still face all
the girls. I squirted probably a whole ounce of the lube into the brunette's
right hand, as it lay open on the counter.

&quot;Simon says, rub
that lube all over my dick, and then jack me until I'm hard.&quot; The brunette
did as she was told, and her hand was more flexible than I expected. She was
doing this pretty well, and she kept her tits fully on the tabel. I looked over
at the tall one, and saw Susan looking at me from her post. She seemed angry,
but she wasn't distracted from her job. The tall one began moaning with another
orgasm, which she again tried to hide the fact it was happening. I looked at
the candy bar that Susan was fucking herself with and noticed it was the king
sized one that was in the blond's ass. I chuckled. That must have been why she
was so angry. Oh well, sucked to be her. I watched the blond for a moment,
holding herself from falling with one arm, fucking her own pussy with a king
sized candy bar with the other. She was at a nearly 90 degree angle, so I could
see the candy bar being shoved in and out on the opposite side of her legs. I
realized I was hard, so I looked to the brunette again.

&quot;Simon says,
stop jacking me off, spread your legs until your feet are three feet apart,
arch your back, spread your ass cheeks, and relax.&quot;

The brunette stepped
out of her pants that were on the floor and did as she was ordered, which meant
she stuck her ass out and pulled it open so that I got a good view of her
asshole even from where I was standing to her side. I walked around her and
looked at her asshole for a moment. It was completely closed, but the skin
around it was getting stretched to the sides tightly. I stepped up and
positioned myself behind her. I pressed my cock head against her bum and,
though it was difficult even with all this lube on my dick and took a couple
tries to get it not to simply slide up her crack, I got it got in. Her voice
was a bit extra high-pitched as I did it. I slowly started pushing it in. She
was looking at me, and she had a huge grimace on her face. My bet was that she
was an anal virgin. Her ass was tight enough to help that idea along. Even
though it was obvious she was uncomfortable, even in pain, she stayed in her
position I told her to get in without moving a muscle, except to move her head.
I had about four inches in when I met a bit of resistance that stopped me for a
moment. She gasped inwardly when I got there, but she kept up with the
conversation through her pain filled face. I pressed a bit harder and started
sliding in again. As I bypassed that spot, she shut her eyes and yelped loudly.
Tears started rolling down her cheeks. I finally got all the way in, and she
was crying freely. Of course, she still talked with her friends, as though she
wasn't crying, and as though I hadn't just shoved my dick up her virgin
asshole. She kept up with the conversation as though her friend wasn't fucking
herself with random objects at a nearly ninety degree angle resting against the
counter wall. As though her other friend wasn't showing off her ass and pussy
and having, and trying to hide, orgasms. As though there was not a girl between
that last one's legs, eating her out and fucking her own pussy with, haha, a
king sized candy bar.

I moved slowly out
about an inch, but then I pushed right back in all the way. I got a rhythm
going, and each stroke was longer and harder. She a tear or two rolled down her
cheeck each time I moved my dick faster and further. She continued to hold her
ass-cheeks tightly apart, and she still arched her back, pushing her ass
upwards and more directly towards me. Her feet were still spread and in the
same spot as when I started. Her tits were still laying firmly on the counter,
facing forward. By the time I was fucking her ass roughly, she was grimacing and
gasping with each thrust. Her additions to the conversation were a littl
difficult to make out, but her friends ignored that insignificant fact, as did
she. Through it all she moved no part of her body except to correct it's
positioning if I moved it out of place, and her head, to look around and keep
up with the conversation. I was fucking her ass hard, so I would bump her
forward with each thrust, but she'd press against the motion to remain in her
position.

While I fucked her
like that, I tried to listen to the conversation. The blond was saying
something about meeting her boyfriend there. They talked about finding a
boyfriend for the tall one and the brunette. The blond looked back at me and
winked when neither of the other two girls were looking at her. How hilarious.
I looked back at the brunette.

&quot;Simon says,
Suck the cock that's currently fucking your ass as well as you know how to. Do
to your tits what you were earlier while you suck.&quot;

The brunette
immediately turned around and got on her knees. Her mouth was wide and she
accepted the dick without hesitation. She sucked good, too. She started crying
a bit, but not badly. Probably more from what she was doing to her tits than
the soreness of her ass. She was sucking dick as well as though she was concentrating
on it fully, but she stared at her tits in horror, trying to think of how to
get her arms to stop doing what they were. Her eyes were ignoring the cock, but
her neck and mouth were not. In fact, I think she might have given quite a bit
of head in her day. She's damned good.

&quot;Susan, stop
eating her out and get behind the counter, in front of me.&quot;

&quot;Yes?&quot;
Susan said when she got up. She walked behind the counter watching the brunette
give me head the whole way, and she knew I was enjoying it. She was still
fucking herself with the giant candy-bar as she walked, which she did with a
huge gate. Susan looked embarrassed, sad, and upset.

&quot;Do you see what
she's doing to her tits?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot; She
said, looking down at the brunette. She seemed angrier when she looked at the
brunette. She watched the brunette abuse her own tits for only long enough to
take in what she was doing before looking back to me.

&quot;I want you to
do that to her when she turns back around. Stick that candy bar that's in your
pussy in your ass, so that it won't fall and we know where it is.&quot;

&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;
She said this sadly, but I didn't care. She put the candy bar in her ass, and
it obviously caused her pain as she screeched and jumped, but she did it
hurriedly as I said;

&quot;Simon says get
back in the position you were just in, with your ass spread and tits on the
counter.&quot; The brunette immediately got back up and bent over. She set the
full weight of her tits on the counter, spread her legs, arched her back, and
spread her ass cheeks wide. I began to fuck her ass as viciously as before.
Susan began pulling on the brunettes nipples hard and one at a time just as the
brunette had been, but not randomly, just constantly. In fact, I think she was
doing it harder than the brunette herself was doing it, and she seemed angry.
Cool, I thought, Susan was jealous. The brunette was crying a little bit while
she gasped, like before, but still looked at people involved in the
conversation who were talking and spoke some words inbetween gasps to add to
the conversation, and the fact that it was gibberish was still going ignored.
She seemed a little freaked out about what was just happening to her tits, as
though it had stopped instead of getting worse. She kept doing everything she
could to maintain her position, including putting parts of her back where they
were when I accidently moved her and pressing against my thrusts to keep her
ass where it was. She even pulled away from Susan's pulling to try to get the
full weight of her pulled tit back onto the counter, which couldn't do much
besides make it worse.

Susan looked up at me
and asked, &quot;Why are you.... you... doing it to her... to her ass, instead
of mine?&quot; She was obviously embarrassed, with a very red face, though
still angry looking, pulling hard on the crying brunette's tits. I felt the
sperm rise in my groin. I began slapping the blond's ass as hard as I could
while still fucking the brunette's ass. I couldn't hold it any more. I stopped
the spanking after only four spanks, grabbed the brunette's waist and pulled
her towards me (which she helped me do, since her ass was being pressed beyond
where it 'should' be) and yelled as I came deep in her ass. I could feel her
wiggling to get her tits back on the counter as they were pulled and it only
made it feel better. As I came, she looked at me, wincing when her tits were
pulled. She was trying to say something, but I couldn't make it out. I think
something about the party starting soon.

I finished cuming and
got all the girls except the brunette dressed as normal, though minus their
underwear, and standing near the door. Susan still had the candy bar in her
ass, and that could easily be made out under her tight skirt. The blond was
fucking her pussy with some licorice, though it was difficult to tell what with
her skirt on. The brunette was still in her same position, just looking as we
talked by the door. I asked the girls if any of them had a spare skirt. None of
them did, so I told Susan to fuck her ass as hard as she could with that candy
bar until she thought of something. She got a wide eyed expression of surprise
and horror that was focused on me as her hands reached around her and down to
the candy bar, which almost immediately changed to an expression of pain as she
began working her ass. One hand pulled her skirt out of the way, and the other
was furiously jamming the candy bar into her ass. She leaned over a bit and
spread her legs, sticking her ass out so that it would be in a good position to
accept the candy bar, then she fell onto her knees, with her face down, and
started crying from the pain. She leaned to the side, slightly, and looked at
me.

&quot;maybe...&quot;
She began as she sobbed, &quot; she could use her... her tube top as a...
skirt. Can I.... let me stop!&quot;

&quot;What will she
wear as a top, then?&quot;

&quot;She can... my
over-shirt. I'll just ... wear my under-shirt!&quot;

&quot;Good. That's a
good idea. Stop doing that at throw away the candy bar. Go wash yourself if
you're dirty. Give me your over-shirt&quot;

She did as she was
ordered, and she thanked me for letting her stop. I told the three waiting
girls to get in my car and wait for me there (with my power, so they didn't
think anything strange about it). They left the store and rounded the corner. I
locked the door after them and walked over to the brunette.

&nbsp;

End Part 2














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-06-29T22:51:00Z
  2006-06-29T22:51:00Z
  1
  5430
  30953
   
  257
  72
  36311
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 3

&nbsp;

The brunette was
still leaning the full weight of her DDD tits on the counter, moving only to
keep her nipples pointed forward. Her legs were spread three feet apart,
sticking her ass out with the arching of her back, pulling her tiny ass-cheeks
apart. Her asshole was no longer as clenched as it was. After I fucked it, with
her command to relax, it was still open a little bit. Some cum had dripped out
of it and rolled down her pussy lips. Her tube top was rolled down and around
her waist, her pants and underwear were under her and to the side slightly. She
was looking at me and conversing like normal. I decided to see how well my
commands were followed.

&quot;What are you
wearing?&quot;

She looked at herself
as well she could, which was not at all easy for her, then back to me,
&quot;Oh, my tube top? Do you like it?&quot; She seemed to try to bend over
more, but she was already as bent over as she was getting. Haha, trying to
flirt with the guy who just fucked your ass seemed funny to me.

&quot;What about your
pants and underwear?&quot;

She looked at herself
and back to me the same way again. She simply shrugged and seemed bored,
&quot;You took them off of me.&quot; She returned to her natural cheery self
immediately, &quot;Are you almost ready to go to that party?&quot;

&quot;Sure,&quot; I
grabbed her ass, fingering it lightly, with my left hand and grabbed her right
breast with my right hand, &quot;I just have some things left to do, and I'll
be ready to go.&quot; I let go of her and picked up the store. It took about 15
minutes. I got back next to her.

&quot;Okay, let's
go!&quot; She said, cheerily, still in her position and making no moves to get
out of it.

&quot;Simon says, you
may leave that position. Wear your tube top as a skirt, and wear this
top.&quot; I handed her Susan's blue over-shirt. She stood up and pulled her legs
together. She rolled her tube top down to where she would wear a skirt, and it
was made out of a material stretchy enough that it simply looked like a tight,
short skirt that went about two inches below her ass. Susan's tits were a lot
smaller than this girl's, though. The shirt was a bit stretchy, but not like
the tube top/skirt. She had to work to get it on, and it was obvious it was
made for someone with smaller tits. It fit her pretty well, but her tits were
smashed together and stretching out the shirt. It left absolutely nothing to
the imagination, and she seemed to have some trouble breathing, but not enough
to worry about.

She looked at herself
in her new clothes and seemed confused, but she began walking to the door to
get to the party she was so excited about.

&quot;Say, what is it
like getting fucked in the ass?&quot; I asked her.

She looked at me as
though what I asked was completely out of place, as though I had asked her
something very private, broken a social taboo, and very angry. &quot;Never
mind, we're going to the party without you, pervert!&quot;

&quot;Simon says, you
will not be angry or embarrassed about the question. Simon says, It is a wholly
natural question, as is any other question I ever ask you. Answer the question
and forget you had ever been upset about it.&quot;

&quot;Well,&quot; She
began immediately after I was done talking, &quot;It hurts a lot, and it kinda
feels like you have to poop. After a while, though, you get kinda used to it,
and it doesn't hurt so badly. It still hurts, just not as badly.&quot;

&quot;How many times
have you been fucked in the ass so that you would know that answer?&quot;

&quot;Well, only
once.&quot;

&quot;And who fucked
your ass?&quot;

&quot;You did.&quot;
She shrugged as she answered my question, as though it was wholly unimportant.

&quot;What were you
doing while I did that?&quot;

&quot;Just standing
there, talking with my friends. What's with all these stupid questions? Let's
go!&quot; She seemed impatient.

&quot;That doesn't
seem at all odd to you?&quot;

&quot;Of course not.
Come on, the party is about to start!&quot;

We walked out to my
car. I used my power a bit to get her to think nothing odd about everyone being
in my car instead of anybody else's. I had an old Saab station wagon, and the
blond was in the passenger seat. In the back, the tall one was leaning up to
talk with her, and Susan was being ignored. It looked like she was upset about
something and stewing about it, though, so she probably didn't care that the
other two had no idea she was even there due to my commands. I opened the left
back door, which was where Susan was, and I told her to get out. The brunette
didn't even hesitate to sit where Susan just was, as she didn't realize Susan
was there. I paused time and told everyone to ignore the fact that it seemed
nobody was driving. It was completely irrelevant. We were going to get there
anyway, and in one piece, so act naturally, as though one of their friends were
driving. I also told the blond to give the driver direction to the party as she
drove, even though she would perceive no driver at all. In addition, any stops
or anything would be completely ignored, as though the driving was still taking
place (just in case I got some sort of inspiration later). I sat in the back,
in-between the brunette and the tall one. Susan drove, the blond supplying
directions while she even still fucked her pussy and sometimes her ass with
objects. The Trio talked about dancing and drinking and all of that stuff.

I got an idea when I
remembered that The Trio would act like nothing odd was happening when any of
their friends did something odd. I lifted the tall one a bit, so that I could
pull up her skirt dress. When her dress got past her ass, I let her sit back
down. I scooted the dress up, under the seat belt, and over her head. I began
to kiss her, rubbing her tits. She kissed me back, too. Maybe because she knew
I was kissing her and that it 'wasn't odd', maybe because her purpose in life
was to make me happy, I didn't care. I turned to the brunette, who was going on
about some drinking game they were going play when they got where they were
going.

I pointed to the tall
one's snatch and told the brunette, &quot;Eat her out and masturbate. Feel
pleasure from your masturbation.&quot;

The brunette looked
at me as if I were about to say something, then took off her seat belt and got
on the floor. There was just enough room to let her partially lay her legs down
and get between the tall one's legs, which I spread apart to give the brunette
room to work. The brunette had a confused and worried look on her face. She
began saying &quot;What am I do...&quot;, but then started licking at her
friend's slit and clit. Her free hand moved the outer lips out of the way so
that she could work the important parts. Her eyes looked around in confusion
and probably for a way to get control of her body back, but to no avail. She
just kept licking her friend's sex. Her tits were still huge, even though
contained in the small shirt, and were getting in the way. She had to stick her
tongue out all the way to reach, so I scooted the tall one forward a bit, to
reduce her strain. I began to make out with her a bit more. She had an orgasm
soon after I began making out with her, and her friend who was eating her out
did soon after. I looked down at the brunette who was still looking for a way
out of her situation, yet could not control her own body so that she could. She
was squishing her tits against the seat so that she could reach, but that was
pretty sexy, so I didn't bother making it any easier for her. I placed the tall
one's hands to either side, and pushed her ass up a bit off the seat, so that she
held herself like that with her hands.

&quot;Lick your
middle finger to lube it up, and finger your friend's ass with it as you eat
her cunt. Be sure to shove it all the way in and then bring it almost all the
way out.&quot;

She began licking her
finger, but I got distracted when the blond got noisier than normal, and none
of the noise was noise of pleasure, so she must have been fucking her ass with
something. I leaned forward, between the front seats, to see what she was
using. I could see on the seat next to her was the same licorice she was using
when she left the store. There was also one of those big flashlights like
policemen use, in addition to a fairly large screwdriver. She was mostly
covered, but her but was moved a bit forward so that the things she was fucking
herself with could actually make it to her crotch. Her legs were spread, and
they were about a foot and a half apart at the knees. I could see that bristles
to a window scraper were sticking up between her legs and moving back and forth
at where her hands disappeared beneath her skirt, near her crotch. Her crotch
was covered by her skirt, though. I reached up and pulled the front of her
skirt up to her belly, and pulled up her left hand to hold it there, giving me
a good view of her shaven crotch. I could tell, from my angle, that the window
scraper's handle was too low to be in her pussy. I pulled her legs up so that
her feet were resting on the dashboard and spread her knees to about three feet
apart. Then I scooted her ass forward so that I had a better angle to watch her
fuck her asshole. I could see her entire pussy excluding when her arm, busy
working her ass, was a bit in the way, but not her asshole. However, I could
see that the brush was not in her pussy, just lower, which was good enough for
me. She was looking at me when I looked up at her face. She was grimacing
slightly when she shoved it in, but she kept giving direction and adding to the
conversation that was now actually between only herself and the tall one.

We were nearing the
on-ramp to the expressway, so I told Susan to pull over for just one moment.
She pulled over and put the car in park. &quot;why are we stopped?&quot;, she
asked. The blond pulled the brush out of her ass and set it next to her, then
she picked up the screw-driver and started fucking her pussy with it. 

&quot;Roll down your
window and rest your left leg out of it, on top of the rear view mirror. Pull
your skirt up to your waist. Keep your leg using the peddles to the side and
out of the way of things touching your privates. Then drive as you were
before.&quot;

Susan got an upset
face and sighed, but she lifted her leg, with the aid of her left arm, out the
window and onto the mirror. Then she pulled up her skirt to expose her sex, and
moved her right leg slightly to the side, to make room for anything that might
go there. Her ass was scooted up further than it normally would be, due to her
position, but she could still reach the pedals easily. She shifted into drive
and we were off again. Right before the car actually moved, though, I stopped
time to tell the blond that every time she removed something from her pussy or
ass, she would use it on Susan (without realizing it, of course), under the
same rules as those governing her own self-fucking. Before she used her other
arm for that, she would tuck her skirt into it's own waist-line, so it would be
stuck displaying her mound and what she was doing to it. I started time again.

I sat back in my seat
and turned to watch the two girls back there. The brunette was still squishing
her tits against the seat and eating out her friend, while looking around for
something that might get her out of the situation. Her left arm was wrapped
around the tall one's leg, and under her rear. I could see it pumping, and the
tall one was moving slightly with each thrust. The brunette's right arm was
working her own snatch. Her legs were mostly on the floor, and her ass was
pointing up, as she was part kneeling and part laying down. I could see her
work her own snatch when I leaned down to the left side of the car and spread
her legs slightly. The tall one had an ever so slight grimace that seemed to
vaguely change as her friend fingered her ass, but she also seemed like she
enjoyed the pleasure from her friend's mouth more than the anal fingering hurt
her. She seemed almost ready to orgasm.

&quot;Add a finger to
your friend's ass.&quot;

The tall one let out
a squeal, and her grimace was a bit larger, but she seemed otherwise the same.
I wasn't sure if she'd orgasm soon, but I'd bet she'd be able to be worked to
it. anyhow.

That's when I heard a
squeal from the front seat and the car swerved. I looked up to see Susan's
frown and the beginning of tears forming in her eyes. I could easily see the
blond's arm reaching over towards Susan's crotch and moving. Susan looked over
at the blond with anger, who was still talking as though nothing odd was
happening, but mostly Susan seemed upset that she was being put in her
situation. She started paying attention to the road, again. Probably figuring
that was more important, and this would or would not end at my will anyhow. I
leaned up to see that the blond was fucking Susan with the screw-driver's
handle, and the licorice was back in her own pussy.

I looked at Susan,
&quot;Like it?&quot;

&quot;No.&quot; She
continued driving and I sat back in my seat.

I started paying
attention to what was in the back seat again. Then I saw the lights reflecting
everywhere. They were red and blue. I almost flew into a panic, but then
remembered I could simply tell the cop to let us go with a warning and to
ignore everything odd that was happening. Susan pulled over. She was crying,
and trying to cover her snatch that was getting fucked with her hands, since my
orders prevented actually rearranging herself.

&quot;Susan, keep
your hands on the wheel.&quot;

Susan immediately put
her hands back up onto the wheel, and shut her eyes, crying to herself. The
shadow of an officer rounded the left side windows of the car, and the officer
herself showed up at the driver's side window. She hadn't yet said anything,
merely looked in the window with wide eyes and an open mouth. She saw Susan,
her one leg out the window, hands on the wheel, skirt pulled up, getting fucked
by the handle of a screw-driver by the passenger. The passenger had her legs up
and knees spread, doing the same to herself with some licorice. She glanced in
the back and saw the girl wearing only a bra getting eaten out by a girl
wearing far too, though not as, little. The one getting eaten out was simply
talking with the one using the items to fuck the two in the front as though
nothing odd was going on. I was simply sitting there enjoying the show. Then I
saw lines of anger begin to appear on the cop's forehead as she turned to
Susan, who was avoiding looking at her. I stopped time. It was a girl cop! Not
bad looking, either! Was it an all around lucky day, or what?!

I moved carefully out
of the car, avoiding tripping over or hurting the brunette. The door opened
just as easily as though time had not stopped, though the rest of the car
didn't move as I got out, which felt weird. I looked the cop over. She was
shorter than the way she carried herself would indicate, but that makes sense
with her being a cop and everything. She was around thirty years old, it looked
like. She seemed pretty skinny, but I couldn't be sure with her bulky police
uniform on. Before doing anything else, I walked back to her car to see if she
had a partner with her. She didn't, so I walked back to her and began to take
her belt off. I set it on the ground. That was odd, as it didn't fall. I had to
push it to the ground. Then I unbuckled her pants and pulled them down to her
boots. I unbuttoned and removed her shirt, which had a vest underneath it. I
removed that, though it took me a while. I've never handled a bullet proof
vest, before. She had a tank top on beneath that, so I removed it, too. The
police woman stood there, about to yell her lungs out at the driver of this
vehicle, wearing only her underpants and bra, if you don�t count the pants
around her ankles. Her underpants were full-style and silky, and her bra was a
sports bra. I knew sports bras pushed in boobs, but I wasn't sure how far. I'd
have guessed she was a B with the size they appeared, though.

I touched her legs up
and down, trying to see how firm they were. They seemed pretty muscular, which
made sense. She probably exercised to keep in shape for her job. I felt around
her mid-section. Again, she was firm. She had an ever so slight gut, but I
couldn't pinch more than an inch between my fingers while she was bending to
look through the window, so it wasn't bad at all. Her arms had no flab. They,
too were somewhat muscular, but none of her was anything like a female body
builder. She still was shaped like a woman, she was simply a physically strong
woman compared to most. Most men, even average ones, would have still had more
muscle. She was red headed, and had a couple freckles here or there. Her hair
was in a bun. I felt her ass. Her ass was firm like the rest of her. It was
larger than the rest of the girls' here, but she was also about ten years
older. She wasn't &quot;fatter&quot;, she had simply filled in with age. If I
had met her at the mall in every day clothes, and she wasn't with anyone else,
and I wasn't on my way to do anything particular, I'd have probably hit on her.
I would have given her a 7.5.

Speaking of her being
with anyone else, I looked at her fingers. No ring. In fact, no jewelry
anywhere. She may have simply taken jewelry off when she was on duty, though. I
turned and poked my head in the open door I had gotten out of and said,
&quot;All of you will go on with what you're doing as though we had not gotten
pulled over. There will be another woman in the car for while. That's perfectly
normal. Do not pay any attention. Susan, you will keep the car pulled over here
for a while. when the officer leaves view, you assume she has left the car
completely alone. Roll up the window, then. Imagine you're waiting for me to
come back from a gas station. You will not notice anything I do, or anything
anyone else does to me, even if it's you doing it. You will think I am not
here.&quot;

I got out and turned
back to the nearly nude officer, &quot;You will instantly notice that nothing
at all is going on with this car. Pulling it over was a mistake. Wish the
driver a good day and get into the back seat, next to the man who will be
waiting for you (that's me), and shut the door. You will believe you're in your
full uniform until the door shuts, and only then will you realize the reality
of your dress. However, that will not bother you in any way. It will seem
completely normal. The whole situation will seem completely natural, and none
of it illegal. You will ignore what all the other girls in the car are doing,
and focus only on the man. The man will ask you all sorts of questions, which
will seem like completely normal and justified questions. You will answer them
honestly and completely. Anything the man asks or tells you to do, you will do,
which, too, will seem completely natural. You will keep your radio with you the
whole time. Whenever something happens that you do not absolutely need to
address, give the best excuse not to do it you can think of, no matter how
dastardly the lie is. You will not, however, indicate you or your car have been
damaged. Simply think of something that would excuse you from heeding the radio's
call.&quot;

I got into the car
and back how I was before freezing time, and started time back up again. I
watched the lady cop get a look of surprise, and then give a heartfelt apology
to Susan. Susan said something, shocked, but I didn't care to make out what it
was. The officer leaned over and started doing something at her feet. She was
there for about twenty seconds, during which time the blond rotated her tools.
She was now using the gigantic cop flashlight on herself (it was about 18
inches long and at least 2.5 inches wide, though obviously not all of it fit.
Only about eight or nine inches actually made it's way in), and the licorice on
Susan. The cop got into the car and shut the door. She looked down at herself,
then at me, waiting for my questioning to start. Her feet were resting on the
brunette's legs, but not hard, as she was turned to face me and was sitting on
her legs. I looked at the brunette, who's face was very red, and she was
looking at the nearly nude cop as well as simply around as she worked her
friend. Her friend, on the other hand was simply grimacing a bit, more with the
thrusts into her ass, and talking with the blond in the front about nothing
important. I looked at the cop.

&quot;You wear no
rings or jewelry. Why?&quot;

She said, without
moving, &quot;I have little jewelry and wouldn't want to risk losing or
damaging it while on duty.&quot;

&quot;Are you
married, or do you have a significant other of any sort?&quot;

&quot;Huh...&quot;
she scrunched up her face in thought, &quot; I don't have a significant other,
no. I have been seeing this guy for about a month, but it hasn't turned into
anything serious.&quot;

&quot;Have you ever
given a man fellatio?&quot;

&quot;Yes. When I
have gotten far enough in a relationship that I have sex, I also fellate my
boyfriend, though I don't enjoy it.&quot;

&quot;Have you ever
swallowed a man's ejaculate?&quot;

&quot;No. That's
disgusting. I haven't even gotten a man to orgasm in my mouth so that I would
have the option.&quot;

&quot;Do you have any
children?&quot;

&quot;No,&quot; She
looks bit depressed as she continues her answer, &quot;I almost did, but there
were complications and I lost it. There was damage to me internally, and I'm no
longer capable of having children.&quot; A single tear fell down her cheek.

&quot;You will not be
sad about that until you have left this vehicle. Have you ever had a homosexual
encounter or fantasy?&quot;

She sobered up and
replied, &quot;I have never really fantasized about it, but when I was in
college I made out with one of my girl friends when we were drunk.&quot;

&quot;What size are
your breasts?&quot;

&quot;I fit into a C
cup when I wear a 36 inch bra, and a D when I wear a 34 inch one. I guess I'm
somewhere between those sizes.&quot;

&quot;Could you take
your bra off so that I can examine your breasts?&quot;

&quot;Sure.&quot; She
said, as she lifted her sports bra over her head and sat silently. She did have
good sized tits. The second largest pair in the car. I cupped her tits in my
hands and began massaging them. They were nice and massive. A bit saggy, but a
lot less than you'd imagine on a woman her age, being as big as they were.
Probably due to her keeping in shape for her job. Her tits resembled those of
someone five years younger. Her nipples got hard after a moment or two.

&quot;Why did your
nipples get hard just now?&quot;, I asked as I continued my ministrations.

&quot;Because you're
rubbing my bare breasts, and it feels good.&quot;, she answered, matter of
factly.

I pinched her
nipples, &quot;Does that feel good?&quot;

&quot;Only a small
bit at the beginning. you're doing it too hard for it to feel good.&quot;

I played with her
tits a while longer, and tweaked her nipples once in a while. She would flinch
as I did it, but she didn't move to stop me from continuing. The tall one began
having an orgasm. Since none of my commands prevented her from realizing she
was having one or thinking nothing of it, she tried to stifle it, like those
before it, so that nobody noticed. I continued with the officer.

&quot;Have you ever
had anal sex?&quot;

&quot;Yes, one time
in college, but it hurt and I'm never putting anything in my anus like that,
ever again.&quot;

I kept fondling her
tits for a while, when I heard Susan saying something. I looked to the front.
Susan was looking at the blond angrily, the blond completely ignoring that she
was even there, just talking to the tall one.

&quot;You stop that
right now!&quot; Susan was saying, though not moving or resisting the
flashlight that the blond had begun fucking her with, the window brush in her
own pussy again. The flashlight was only getting about six or seven inches in
with each thrust, and it seemed to be hurting her a bit. Probably because of
the size. Susan continued, &quot;I don't like this at all. I hate this! I hate
you! I hate the one sitting in the back! I hate the other one even more! I'm
only going along with this because he said to, and I have to do what he says! I
love him, and none of you are going to take him from me! I'll find a way to get
rid of you girls. Maybe convince him to ditch you at the party!&quot; The
blond's ignoring her got to her, though, and she turned to watch out the
window, avoiding looking at what was happening to anybody. I turned back to the
cop.

&quot;Take your
underwear off.&quot; I commanded her, and let go of her tits.

&quot;Alright,&quot;
She said as she got up on her knees, bending to avoid hitting her head on the
ceiling, and pulled her underwear down to the bottom of her thighs. She sat
back down and moved her legs out from under her, pulling her underwear the rest
of the way off before getting back in her original position. Her snatch was
trimmed, but all of the hair was there otherwise.

&quot;Place your
right leg along the seat, behind me and the girl behind me, and place your left
leg against the door you're near.&quot;

&quot;Okay.&quot; She
sat up a bit and lightly shoved her right leg behind me, against the back of
the seat. She sat on her foot, and simply moved her left leg until the knee was
against the door handle One arm was over the back of the seat, the other was
resting on her folded leg's knee. She was sitting wide open and I could clearly
make out her sex. There was some hair in the way, but not much, and it was a
light color.

&quot;Why don't you
shave your pubic area?&quot;

&quot;Because it's a
hassle. Not only does nobody ever really see it, but I don't want to deal with
the bumps or the scratching when it grows back.&quot;

&quot;May I feel what
your pubic area is like with all that hair?&quot;

&quot;Sure.&quot; She
said. I began to touch the hair above and around her sex. I felt around there
for a bit, then moved on to her mound itself. It was a bit wet. I rubbed very
lightly.

&quot;Why is your
outer labia wet?&quot; I asked, as I continued teasing her lips.

&quot;Before, when
you were feeling my breasts, it felt good, sexually. I began to get a little
aroused. When you were feeling around my labia, it was like teasing me. It felt
good, but more like foreplay. I really like foreplay, and it aroused me even
more.&quot;

I continued softly
petting her box and felt it getting wetter. &quot;May I finger you?&quot;

&quot;Certainly.&quot;
She said, neutrally.

I felt inside her
lips, and found the hole. She really was wet, and I slid my index and middle
fingers in and out easily. When I first began, she looked down to her pussy,
watching for a moment, then back to me, waiting for another question, I
supposed. After a while, her face became rosy. I heard the brunette have an
orgasm, muffled in the tall one's crotch. The blond had switched tools again,
though I wasn't paying much attention to that.

&quot;Get on your
knees and fellate me.&quot; I said as I removed my fingers from the cop and
started to unzip my fly and get my dick out. She began to reposition herself as
I told her to. &quot;As you fellate me, finger yourself. You will have a mighty
orgasm at the same time I orgasm. You will swallow my ejaculate as though it
were the most tasty thing ever. It tastes the same, you'll simply be acting
like it's delicious.&quot; By the time my dick was out, she was on her way down
to it, her fingers already in her snatch and working. She was good at it, but she
wasn't going very deep.

I managed to get my
balls out of my pants, too. &quot;Fondle my testicles gently, and deep throat
me.&quot; She did exactly that, though it took her a while to get
deep-throating right. &quot;May I spank you?&quot; She nodded on my cock, and I
began to rhythmically smack each ass cheek, one at a time, whenever her mouth
was at the top of my dick.

I asked the tall one
the brunette's name. She made fun of me for forgetting it (they had, as
customers, told me their names on several occasions, but I'm bad with names),
but told me that it was 'Megan'. &quot;Megan,&quot; I said, &quot;with the
fingers in your pussy, finger your ass with the same rhythm you were fingering
your cunt, but keep rubbing your clit with your thumb, and have orgasms just as
frequently as you were.&quot;

I could see the
brunette's ass where I was sitting. The tube top/skirt had rolled up to reveal
half of her ass, and I saw three fingers thrust into and out of it. They were
going in all the way, and out all the way, then back in. She obviously was doing
that on her pussy, a moment before. I looked at her face in the tall one's lap,
and it was full of horror and pain. She just kept fingering her friend's ass
with her other hand and eating her cunt, though, looking around for a way out
of her situation, which she would never find herself. I kept slapping the cop's
ass as she got to the head of my dick, and I noticed that, at the same time the
brunette started fingering her ass, she did something with her throat that felt
great on my cock. I chuckled to myself in realization, and asked her if her
name was 'Megan'. She nodded 'yes' on my dick, and I could hear her sobbing
slightly. Wow, all the coincidences today were astounding! This wasn't a very
pertinent one, but I enjoyed it all the same.

&quot;alright, well,
since you're doing that, lift your ass so that everything you're doing down
there is clearly visible to the passers-by. Do it with an arched back, so that
your pussy is facing directly out the window, your clitoris being at the bottom
of the window, and your ass angled up, so that I can keep smacking it. Wiggle
your ass a bit so it looks like you're thoroughly enjoying it.&quot; She did
exactly that, and I continued smacking her ass. I didn't have as much room, so
I simply smacked harder to make up for the lack of leverage. Her ass was a very
bright red, now, and I could tell it would be that way for an hour or two after
I stopped. Somebody driving by honked.

Susan let out a good
loud yelp and then started shouting, &quot;Oh my god! Get that out of my ass!
Oh.... oh no! It hurts! Stop!&quot; Susan looked up at the blond with hatred in
her face, and then looked back out the window, and kept crying, realizing
nothing she could do would get the blond to stop. She moaned in pain as the
blond fucked her ass with, I leaned forward and looked, the screw-driver's
handle. The blond had the licorice back in her pussy, and she was just gabbing
away with the tall one. The brunette seemed like she was in less pain, but
still grimaced with her fingering her ass. She was just working away at her
friend's pussy. The tall one simply talked with the blond, though she was
getting close to another orgasm and trying to hide it.

There's just
something about the female ass. I love it. Three girls getting fingered in the
ass and one getting fucked in the ass with a large screw-driver handle was
about to send me over the edge, not to mention the fact I was getting great
head from one of the girls. Well, the woman. I watched the sex happen around
me, I slapped the cop's ass harder. I think parts of it may have been getting a
bit purple, but I was about to cum, so I didn't give a shit. The cop was still
crying a bit, and what her throat was doing felt wonderful on my dick.

*Smack*, *Smack*, I
kept smacking the cops red and purple ass as I came down her throat. She
swallowed it all, and shouted things onto my dick. Her ass was quickly wagging
in circular motions as though she was having the best orgasm of her life. That
died down about ten seconds later, and she simply kept doing as she was, even
though my dick was getting smaller.

&quot;You may stop
sucking my dick, now.&quot;

&quot;Alright.&quot;
She moved her torso up only slightly, arching her back some more. Her head was
about a foot above my crotch, and she turned her head, straining to look at me.
She seemed to be waiting for more questions, though she was gasping ever so
slightly and still wiggling her ass.

&quot;Why are you
like that?&quot;

&quot;So that my
pussy is facing directly out the window and my ass is a bit upwards so that you
may smack it, and so people outside get a good view of what I'm doing to my ass
and clitoris and think I'm enjoying it.&quot;

&quot;Why are you
doing that?&quot;

&quot;Because you
told me to,&quot; There was repetitive honking from a car that drove by.

&quot;Why do you do
what I say?&quot;

&quot;Because I
must.&quot; She replied, matter of factly.

&quot;Why must
you?&quot;

&quot;Because I
must.&quot;, she repeated in the same tone.

&quot;Why are you
fingering your ass?&quot;

&quot;Because you
told me to, and I must do as you say.&quot;

&quot;How does it
feel?&quot;

&quot;At first, it
simply hurt. It still hurts, but not so badly. When I had my orgasm, though, it
felt really good. I hadn't expected that.&quot;

&quot;When does your
shift end?&quot;

&quot;My shift will
be over at 2AM.&quot;

I paused time. I said
to the cop, &quot;You will now get out of the car and act normally, though
everyone in this car will remain free to go. Once out, put your uniform back
on, and head back to your car for the rest of your shift. You will answer any
question perfectly honestly and be forthright with your answer if you're ever
asked by anyone about what occurred here. You will refer to me as &quot;Master&quot;,
both to others and to myself. Something more than human happened here, you were
unable to stop it. It just felt right, and you were powerless to avoid it. At
the end of your shift, you will go to 3524 Burkestreet and pull your car onto
the side of the driveway before parking and shutting it off. You will strip
naked and place everything you have in the passenger seat of your car. You will
bring your car keys with you. The code to the garage is 4785, and you will go
into the left garage bay and close the door after you've entered. You will
place your keys on the tool shelf. In the center of that side of the garage,
you will get on your knees, facing the center of the right garage bay. You will
keep your feet together but spread your knees as far as you can. You will place
your hands on top of your head and point your elbows away from yourself. You
will wait for me there. Also, you will never wear any underwear ever again,
except during your time of the month. You will tell the man you've been seeing
that it's over between you two the next chance you get. Everyone else in the
car, you will wear underwear when you're menstruating, and only then. You will
mingle at the party, and leave me alone unless I approach you. Susan, when the
police woman has left and you no longer see her lights flashing, you will
believe I have returned and gotten back in my seat. You will then drive as you
were before, following the blond's directions. You will fix your clothing when
we get there, and you will be able and have permission to move your limbs
normally.&quot;

I said to the blond
one, &quot;When the car stops at the party, you will lose the urge to fuck
yourself and Susan with objects, and you will replace all of your clothing and
act normally.&quot;

I said to the tall
one, &quot;You will replace all your clothing and act normally as well.&quot;

To the brunette, I
said, &quot;You will do the same, act normally, as though you had not been
eating out your friend. When we arrive, you will immediately go use the
bathroom. You will find something to cut the neck on your shirt, so that,
throughout the night, the cut will tear more from the pressure your tits are
putting on it, potentially displaying your huge breasts to everyone around. If
2AM rolls around and it has not ripped, you will turn from the people and rip
it yourself. You will be embarrassed, but do not cover up your breasts. Simply
come back to the car, get in, and wait for everyone else. If you wait for
everyone else for longer than an hour, you will spread your legs as far apart
as you can and begin to masturbate furiously and pinch your nipples very hard
with your free hand, regardless who's around or looking, and you will� act as though you're enjoying it. You will
cum every five minutes, and you will look the nearest female in the eyes and
lick your lips like you want to fuck her as you do. If the girl seems into it,
you will invite her into the car for cunnilingus, which you will perform on her
while fingering your ass and orgasming as you are now, using your other hand to
pinch and pull on your nipples. You will do that until I come back to the car.
You will not cry or seem upset, but act as though having the time of your life,
and you will say no words except for the initial invitation. If the girl leaves
before then, keep doing as before inviting her into the car.&quot; I started
time.

The cop left her
position, and moved as though she were a bit stiff. The brunette had an orgasm,
and I watched while the cop got out and dressed herself, returning to her car
to leave. The brunette was fingering her ass, all the way in then all the way
out again, pretty quickly. She was moaning in pleasure into her friend's
snatch, though her face was wet with tears. Her friend immediately had, and
tried to hide, an orgasm. The brunette didn't cry very hard after her orgasm.
The cop's lights disappeared, and we began driving.

&nbsp;

End Part 3














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  0
  2006-06-29T22:51:00Z
  2006-06-29T22:51:00Z
  1
  5025
  28644
   
  238
  67
  33602
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 4

&nbsp;

We pulled up to a two
story house in the suburbs. The drive-way was long, and had about twenty cars
parked to it's side. There was enough room to get my car in there, and I was
close to the end of the drive-way, too, so I could get out easily. The girls
fixed themselves up to look normal. Well, close to normal. The brunette and the
tall one looked normal, but neither was wearing any underwear under their skirt
or dress. Susan looked like she did earlier, except there were no underwear
lines to see through her skirt, as she wore none. She was wearing her
undershirt, which simply had some spaghetti straps and was a thing white cotton
thing. The brunette, I knew, would get a lot of attention. Her body was
incredible. Not quite as good as the blond, but she was a skinny girl with tits
that were triple Ds. I played with them, and they didn't seem fake, though. I
made a mental note to figure out what was up with that. Her skirt wasn't really
a skirt, but a black tube top that she was wearing as a skirt. It was shorter
than what most people would wear as a skirt, too. It began at the top of her
small ass, and ended only two inches below it. She would probably show herself
off simply sitting down. The best part was her top. Susan's top was ideal for a
girl with a size B or maybe C bra, but on the brunette, it looked ridiculous.
It fit her torso pretty well, except for the fact that her tits were so huge.
Her breasts were smashed together and up, and if the shirt was cut low enough
they would probably explode out of it. She had a bit of trouble breathing, and
being braless didn't help her out much, though it did leave nothing to the
imagination, except what her breasts looked like unsmashed. I was wearing my
standard Khakis, blue T-shirt, and tennis shoes.

We walked to the
door, where people on the patio whispered or howled at our approach, depending
on their gender or attitude. The party wasn't particularly wild, though there
were some people who were too drunk to enjoy themselves. The music wasn't every
loud, but it could be heard throughout the whole house. The girls split up and
began to socialize. However, the brunette went up the stairs to the bathroom
after asking where it was. I've never been to a party this size. I never really
cared to be at one. However, I learned that the bathrooms did have lines at
them. I stood next to the brunette. A guy entered the line right behind us, and
I noticed him checking out the brunette. I bet he though she was an easy lay,
but I might be her boyfriend. I decided to play with him a bit, while waiting
in line. I turned the brunette towards me, and then rotated us slightly, so
that her back was at about a 30 degree angle to the end of the line and the guy
behind her could see her backside. I started to kiss her and rub her ass. The
guy watched, though he tried to make it look like he wasn't. I pulled up the
back of her skirt, and kept rubbing her naked ass. 

I whispered in her
ear, &quot;Simon says, lick the fingers I place in front of your mouth so that
they're lubed up.&quot; I kept rubbing her ass with one hand, but then pulled
up one hand to her mouth, and she stopped kissing me long enough to lick my fingers
for about fifteen seconds, until they were nice and wet, then we began to make
out some more. I pulled the ass cheek I was rubbing away from the other, and
put my other hand in a fist, but with my two wet fingers out (index and
middle). The guy behind us watched without hiding the fact any more, and the
guy behind him was now next to him, also watching. I slowly shoved my fingers
as far into her ass as I could. She moaned into my mouth. I began to finger
fuck her ass , and she moaned with every inward thrust. Someone left the
bathroom and the line moved. We were now next in line. The girl who came out of
the bathroom looked at what I was doing to the brunette, but she was also
having a hard time remaining standing. She seemed disgusted, but she just kept
going. I whispered in the brunette's ear &quot;Simon says, masturbate until
you're in the bathroom. Simon says, say, 'I love when you use me like a piece
of whore meat, master! please fuck my ass really hard when we're in there!'.
Simon says, say that loud enough that the people around us can hear you.&quot;

The brunette's right
hand didn't hesitate in pulling her skirt up to her waist and getting to her
snatch, and she immediately had two fingers in, thumb on her clit. She leaned
back from our kissing, and said over the music, &quot;I love when you use me
like a piece of whore meat, master! please fuck my ass really hard when we're
in there!&quot;, and then she simply got back to our making out, moaning into
my mouth as I thrust my fingers into her ass. The guy behind me began asking me
something, but then the bathroom door opened, the guy in there walked out. He
stopped and watching in amazement what I was doing to the brunette. I ignored
them both and simply shoved her(with my hand with fingers in her ass) into the
bathroom roughly, and she fell over onto the floor, onto her elbows and knees,
displaying her ass and pussy to everyone at the door. I stepped in behind her
calmly and shut the door.

I leaned down and
whispered in her ear, &quot;Simon says, while doing whatever you'll be doing in
here, make sounds like someone's fucking you so hard that it hurts, and you're
enjoying the pain and humiliation. Simon says, add in things about how you love
when I pound your ass or use you like a slut, but be more creative than simply
repeating that, making sure you refer to me as master every once in a while.
Simon says, say something like that every fifteen to thirty seconds. Simon
says, be noisy about it, but as though you were actually in the situation, not
simply so that you're heard. Simon says, jump a bit, so it sounds like someone
is fucking on the bathroom floor. Simon says, keep doing these things until I
slap your ass ten times, at which time you will fix your skirt to cover your
ass and pussy. Simon says, you will remain in the bathroom until I open the
door, when you will follow me out, but walk a different direction than the one
I go in. Simon says, when asked about what happened in the bathroom, reply that
your master told you to be honest and to say that he fucked you in the ass if
asked about it, and appear very embarrassed about it. Simon says, say that's
all I told you to say, and say that you will say no more in case I hear you've
said too much and decide to humiliate you further. Simon says, you will have no
conscious memories of such conversations.&quot;. I sat on the rim of the
bath-tub while she got up and started looking around.

&quot;OH! AH! OW! Oh
yes! I love when your huge cock fucks my tight ass! GAH! YES!&quot; She began
shouting, as she opened a cupboard to look into it while jumping up and down to
noisily. She did that while looking around the bathroom for about three
minutes, when she finally found a pair of toenail clippers. She used it to snip
the neck of her shirt. She made a couple cuts, so that the fabric encircling
the neckline was cut through completely. She had been continuing, &quot;HOH! AH
AH AH! Yes, use my slut ass, master! Yes! OW! OW!&quot;. 

The fabric of the
shirt wasn't quite as strong as I guessed, I could see the snip getting longer
each time she bounced. I whispered in her ear again, &quot;Simon says, beg me
to let you drink my cum until the tenth slap has landed, then wait ten seconds
and thank me three times for letting you.&quot;.

I slapped her ass
hard and she yelped, the begged to drink my cum. Again. Again. Five more times.
The rip was suddenly almost an inch long, and I though it'd simply explode her
tits out if it got much longer than an inch, so I quickly slapped her ass a
couple more times and she fixed her skirt, and paused. She thanks me for
letting her drink my cum thrice, and we left the bathroom. A crowd had appeared
at the door. All guys with giant grins. I ignored them and walked to the
kitchen. One of the guys followed me there, and asked me about what that was
all about.

I looked him in the
eye, seriously, and told him, &quot;My slave acted like she could make her own
decisions so I fucked her ass where people would hear it, to remind her I make
the decisions, not her.&quot; I got a drink and socialized for a while, staying
in view of the door and ignoring any questions about what happened.

Then I saw the blond
making way for me. Her face was full of confusion, with a hint of anger.
&quot;Is it true, what I'm hearing about Megan?!&quot;

Right about then, ten
feet away, the door was opened by a brunette girl in a black miniskirt who's
huge tits were flopping out of a blue, torn shirt, and she was obviously
embarrassed but not covering up. She ran outside, some people looking after
her, but nobody following.

&quot;Megan?!&quot;
said the blond with wide eyes as she stared at the door. She began to move to
the door, so I stopped time. 

&quot;Megan,&quot; I
began, &quot; is my slave, and I told her to do that. You do not quite
understand our alternative lifestyle, but you respect it enough not to
interfere in any way with it. When asked about it, you will say that I have
more slaves, too, but you will refuse to identify any of them for anyone, and
you will not deny that you're one if that idea should come up. You will think
nothing odd or out of place with those such conversations.&quot; I made my way
around the house and found the tall one in the kitchen (I had missed her) and
told her the same thing. I looked around for Susan, but had trouble finding
her. It ended up she was sitting on the patio, in a corner by herself. She
seemed sad. Anyway, I told her the same basic thing. I was headed back to where
I was standing by the blond when I saw two familiar looking guys. I stopped to
look at them. It took me a moment, but I finally recognized them as the same
guys who I had Susan fuck their booze bottle.

I had some
inspiration, then. I ran up to the second floor to find an empty room. There
was one room that was locked. I'm not thief, so I really had no idea how to
break into a room. As I was thinking that, though, I realized I have other ways
into places. I got back in front of the blond and started time. I asked her
who's party it was, and she lead me around until we found the girl throwing the
party. She was a skinny girl like Susan, with blond hair and small A sized
tits. I could tell she was fit and firm in her shorts and bikini top. It was
obvious she had been swimming earlier, as her hair was still a little
wet-looking. I asked what the locked room was, and she said it was her parent's
bedroom. She could handle a mess in all of the house, but her parents had
priceless heirlooms that she wouldn't risk having stolen or something. I
stopped time.

&quot;You will allow
me and anyone of my choosing into your parent's bedroom. In fact, you will
accompany me. You are now my slave, and will refer to me only as 'master'. You
do everything and anything I tell or ask you to do, and you never lie to me. In
your parent's bedroom, you will be completely neutral to anything and
everything that happens. While in there, if you feel physical pain or anything,
you will not display it in any way, and you will not say any words. However,
you will move and make noises indicative of sexual pleasure as normal for any
stimulus of that sort, even if that stimulus hurts. If someone plays with you
sexually, you will move in response and against their force (so that, for
example, you're pushing your pussy down onto someone's fingers when they're
shoving their fingers up your pussy), and as though you love it. You will now
go wait for me by your parent's locked room.&quot;

I went and found
those two guys, and told them to go wait at the locked door upstairs. I then
went and told Susan to meet me there too, as well as the same 'neutrality and
no display of pain and no talking except for moving and making sexual sounds'
thing as I told the girl throwing the party.

That was when I noticed
a pale girl dressed in all black standing next to the fire place smoking. She
was obviously a goth chick. I walked over to her and inspected her. She was
very well proportioned, though. She had somewhere about C cups, and she was
fairly skinny. I felt her up. She wasn't firm for her age, but she was still
about as firm as the cop was. Another 7.5. Her hair was black and straight, but
it was a black that was obviously died in. Her lip-stick was black, too. She
was wearing a black T-shirt, black jeans, and black tennis shoes. Haha, she'll
do nicely. I told her to say if she has a significant other, started time, she
said &quot;No.&quot;, and I stopped time again.

I used the time-stop
and commanded her, &quot;You have realized you're a lesbian. Given this
realization, you want to have a lesbian encounter as soon as possible, but not
here. Therefore, you will wait one hour, and then you will leave by foot. You
will walk down the right side of the drive-way and look in all the cars on your
way. If you see a possible lesbian encounter, you will take off your pants and
underwear where you stand and pursue it, and you will stay there all night
long. If others look questioningly at you, you will tell them the other girl in
your encounter is your bitch, and loves sucking lesbian cunt. However, you will
attempt to hide what's going on from passers-by.&quot;

I� went back to the blond, and told her to
socialize elsewhere. I started time, and the blond wandered away. I went and
stood at the bottom of the stairs. The two guys went up first. Soon after, the
party thrower, then Susan right behind her, though neither knew the other was
to accompany them on what was about to happen. I was last to the door, and the
guys were talking with Susan like any other girl there. They did not remember
what Susan did. Susan seemed worried, though. She was talking to them, but was
only staying there because I told her to. As I got there, Susan looked at me
hopefully.

&quot;Susan, talk
with these two nice gentlemen for a minute or two while I speak to our
host.&quot;

She did, and I walked
our host a couple feet over. Quietly, I asked if she had a camcorder or
anything. She did, so I had her go get it. I waited for her there, ignoring
Susan's looks. She came back with a camcorder, and we all entered the room. Our
host stopped talking in mid sentence as she walked through the archway. I was
last in. I shut and locked the door and looked at our host, who no longer wore
a smile but had a completely neutral, relaxed face. The bedroom seemed very
boring. It was large, and there were shelves with books and miscellaneous items
on them, but nothing worth noting. The bed was king sized and had dark red
blankets on it, two pillows tucked under them and in place. I looked at the
hostess again.

&quot;Go stand on the
bed.&quot; I looked at Susan, &quot;Go stand next to her.&quot; The two girls
stood on the bed next to one another, relaxed and uncaring, facing me. I turned
to the two guys. &quot;OK, these are my two slaves. I will allow you each to
play with their private parts as you wish, but you may not whip out your dicks
until I say it's okay. Do you have that?

The two guys were confused
a bit, and they asked me questions. I finally used my power to convince them I
was serious, and they understood. I told them to wait until I give them the
go.� I set the camcorder on the tripod
and at the bed. It got the whole bed and the girls standing on it, and hit
'record'.

&quot;Girl's, strip
nude.&quot; I ordered. As Susan pulled her skirt down, lifted each leg, and
flung it over the edge of the bed, the hostess untied the back of her bathing
suit top and threw it at the same place. The boys were cheering and hooting.
Susan took off her shirt as the hostess unbuckled and pulled down her pants,
getting out of them and tossing them in the pile. Susan removed her bra and the
other girl removed her underwear. All the clothes were in the pile, both girls
nude and waiting with their arms to their sides. Susan had her clean shaven
pussy and B cup breasts. The other girl did have smaller tits, and her nipples
were puffy. Her pubic hair was shaved on the sides and on the pussy, so she had
a trapezoidal bush ending right above her lips.

&quot;Girls, get on
your knees, sitting your ass down on the heels of your feet, the top of your
feet flat against the bed. Spread your legs as far as you can while continuing
to sit like that. Place your hands on the top of your head and spread your arms
out wide, away from your body. Stay like that until I say otherwise.&quot; I
turned to the boys and said, &quot; Neither of these whores will say a word
throughout this whole thing. Each of you gets to fondle a different one. Go.

&quot;They each got
next to one, and began fondling. The two girls watched them as they did. The
guy next to Susan was Rubbing her clit and lifting/fondling her tits. Susan was
responding as though it felt wonderful. The hostess got recognized as such, and
the guy next to her seemed to hesitate. This one was the one who began touching
Susan earlier, and the one who fingered her clit. I didn't expect that. He
looked at me and asked, &quot;I can do anything I want to?&quot;

&quot;Of
course.&quot;

He began kissing our
hostess, who kissed back as though she were desperate for his attentions. His
left hand moved down to her crotch, and he began fingering her. She fucked his
finger as he finger fucked her. His other hand began to fondle her butt. She
was moaning in pleasure into his mouth. The guy next to Susan had already
gotten three fingers into Susan's snatch, and she seemed like she was having a
great time. She was ignoring everything except the fingers in her cunt and the
hand on her tits.

&quot;Girls,&quot; I
began, &quot;lay on your back. Place your legs about a foot to each side of
your ass, and press your crotch up as far as you can. Use your arms and legs
solely to hold your legs in place by the ankle. Keep your knees spread as far
as you can.&quot; The girls complied with the order, and both were quite flexible.
Each of their snatches were a couple inches above the level of their knees, the
hostess' a bit higher. Susan's knees were about three feet apart, the hostess'
seemed almost at a right angle from that of her body. They were the image of
submission. Holding their most intimate organs high and open for their master
without a second thought. Susan had four fingers inside her pussy, and was
pumping and moaning as though loving it all. Her boy was also still massaging
her tits, though anything beyond their snatches were hard to see at the
camera's angle. The other boy was giving his girl the shocker. Two fingers form
one hand in the pussy, pinky in the ass. Our hostess was pumping against that
with lustful and open mouthed moans and sighs. The camera wasn't at the right
angle, but I looked up and saw that the boy was also finger fucking the
hostesses mouth. She was fellating the fingers in response.

That one then removed
his two fingers from the hostesses cunt, and fingered her ass with his pinky.
She was bucking against that as though it felt good, and he said something to
his friend about the bitch loving it in the ass. He traded out his pinky for
the two fingers that were just in her pussy, and she was bucking just as hard.
He said something about her trying to rip her tight ass. I told him to take
their assess slow. They love submitting, but they might not realize they're in
any pain, due to all this attention. The guy playing with Susan then removed
his fingers from her pussy, and placed two in her ass. She bucked against it
with the same pleasure the hostess was. The girls were fucking the fingers with
their assess as much as the fingers were fucking them, and they were moaning in
pleasure, though the hostess' moans were muffled a bit.

I got an idea. I told
the guys to wait along the wall. I told the girls to lie along the bed's
length, each a different way, both on their backs, next to each other. They
did, Susan laying with her head towards the head of the bed and on the far
side, and the hostess towards the foot of the bed, closer to me. I told them to
put their hand on the other one's belly and got in a position where their
hands, when balled into a fist, rested on the other one's belly button. I told
them each to raise their torsos a bit, and to put their right leg under the
torso of the other at a right angle, then to lay back down. They managed it,
thanks to their flexibility. I told them to wrap their left arm around the
other one's shin, to keep their leg from moving, and to otherwise lay relaxed.
I told them to spread their other leg as wide as they could. The hostesses leg
was at a right angle, but Susan's was at about a 30 degree angle.

&quot;Give each other
the shocker, with your pinky in the other's ass, and your index and middle
fingers in her pussy. Pump extremely hard.&quot; The girls did exactly that
with their free hand, though their bucking with the pleasure was minimized due
to their legs being trapped beneath the other. They moaned in pleasure,
watching towards the camera. I took the camera onto the bed and stood above the
girls. The hostess licked her lips with the pleasure, while Susan mostly
moaned, sighed, 'oh'ed, and 'ah'ed.

&quot;Add a finger to
the pussy.&quot; I commanded. The command was followed without hesitation on
either girl's part. They laid there, moaning, pleasing one another, and it
looked like they'd orgasm soon. I waited a minute or two, but they never
orgasmed. Their pleasure was completely show.

&quot;The finger in
the ass, move it to the pussy.&quot; I commanded, and each of them did exactly
that. I waited a moment and leaned down to feel how wet their pussies were.
They were both exceptionally wet. &quot;Now add the thumb.&quot; They fucked
each other with all of their fingers plus their thumb up to the last knuckle.
They did it hard. They acted like they were in ecstacy, but I knew it was all
an act. I very convincing one.

&quot;Stop fucking
the other like that, and simply, ever so slowly, shove your whole hand inside
the cunt.&quot; They stopped fucking the other, and pushed their hand up to the
last knuckle in.� With an occasional
&quot;Ooh&quot; or &quot;Ah&quot;, they twisted and pushed until their hand was
in past those knuckles. It took about thirty seconds. They continued pushing.
They got past the thumb's knuckle about thirty seconds later, and they seemed
like they wanted even more. They were looking at the camera with lust, begging
with their eyes for somebody with a huge cock to give them a wild fuck. Twenty
seconds later, each of them had their entire hand inside the other one's pussy.

&quot;Ball your hand
into a fist, slowly.&quot; I could see their forearms flex a bit, and their
pussies each moved from within as they moaned. One minute later, the moving
stopped. &quot;Fist fuck one another. Build up to it being rough.&quot;

I got off the bed,
placed the camera's tripod on the giant chest at the end of the bed, and angled
it towards the girls. I looked to the guys and told them they could play with
the girls again. Each guy got the same girl as before, getting on the bed next
to them, from that side of the bed. The girls had worked up to a thrust per
three seconds. The guy with Susan began making out with her and rubbing some of
her juices onto his left hand. He played with her tits with his other hand. The
other guy was scooping the hostess' juices into his left hand as well. He was
finger fucking her mouth (and her mouth returned the attention) with his other
hand while sucking and licking her tits.

At about the same
time, they each reached under the arm fucking their girl's pussy and inserted
their middle finger into her ass. They finger fucked the girls' assess like
that for a couple minutes, and the girls worked up to a thrust of their fist
per second. The guys added a finger to the girls' assess, then. The girls
seemed as though they were in heaven. If I hadn't commanded them to be this
way, they'd probably have seemed more like they were in hell, but that wasn't
relevant.

&quot;OK, girls, pull
your hands out, and sit on the side of the bed towards the door, the same side
the camera was on.&quot; I moved the camera back were it was. The guys got out
of the way and simply stood next to their girl. &quot;Um... hostess...
slave-slut-cunt-whore, whatever your name is, get in the center of the bed and
face the head board on your knees. Make your knees a right angle, and put your
upper body's weight on your outstretched arms. Arch your back as much as you
can. There will be a dick placed in front of you, suck on it for ten seconds,
being sure to get a lot of spit on it. There will be a second one, suck it off
and swallow all the cum.&quot; She did as I said, and her arch was impressive.

I waved the guys up
there, and they took off their pants. The one who had the hostess got in front
of her and she sucked on him wetly for ten seconds. I had Susan come over to
behind the camera and start sucking me off. The first guy got behind her, and I
didn't have to tell him to put it in her ass. He began gentle, as the girl
started sucking his friend off. Of course, she pressed back on his forward
thrusts, and pulled away on his reverse thrusts, so he got into it quickly, and
started pumping her ass madly, as she used her ass to pump his dick just as
madly, moaning sweet pleasure onto his friend's dick. After a couple minutes,
the guy in her ass came deep inside her.

I told the girl a
correction, she will not finish the guy in her mouth and swallow it, but she
will finish the other in her ass. The first guy got down and sat at the foot of
the bed watching. I had the girl turn her ass to the camera so that it could
see her get ass fucked. The second guy stuck it in deep and quickly, and the
girl thrust onto his dick just as hard. They began fucking like animals, the
girl loudly moaning while slamming her ass onto the thrusting dick. It was
dirty and hard, balls-deep ass-fucking. Too bad that guy only lasted just over
a minute. As I saw him getting close to cuming, I told the girl to turn around
and jerk him off onto her face and tits. She did, and then just sat there all
gooey, with what seemed a bucket-load of cum on her face and chest.

I stopped time and
told the two guys that they would not speak of any of this for the rest of the
night, and have only a vague recollection of the events that did not include me
when they woke up in the morning. I told them to dress and leave. I told the
girl to simply walk to her room in her current condition while wiping the cum
on her face into her mouth, licking it up and swallowing greedily, and lay down
on her bed face up to sleep for the night. She will wake up and have an
undeniable urge to masturbate to orgasm, which will be the biggest orgasm of
her life. She will fondle her jizz covered breasts and face knowing what the
jizz is, but not realizing what that means until after her orgasm. She may then
freak out about what might or might not have happened the previous night as she
normally would. When she wakes up, she will have no memory of the events that
occurred here until she receives a tape in the mail with an episode of some
Saturday morning cartoon show on it. She will watch it in her room, alone and
with her door locked, in the nude, legs spread, and be amused, but then the
video I made just now will be on after the initial cartoon. She will watch the
video in it's entirety, and masturbate the whole time. Even if she does not
want to, she will masturbate, and she will not be able to leave her position.
Her hand will simply work her mound, as she watches the whole video. She will
then be preoccupied with the advice she gives herself during the last time the
video shows her. She will then recall everything that happened to her during
the video in it's entirety, and follow her own advice as best she can. That
advice, which she will say to the camera right before leaving, is, &quot;Seek
out your master, he is everything to you.&quot;

I started time. The
guys began dressing, and the girl gave herself the advice. The guys opened the
door and walked out wholly dressed and with stupid smiles on their faces. The
girl was right behind them, and the people in line for the bathroom had a
myriad of reactions as she went to her room while eating the cum off of her own
face and closed her door behind her. Girls were calling her 'tramp', 'skank',
'ho', and other, more inventive things, as were some of the guys, while some
guys were congratulating the other two who walked out in front of her. I
stopped paying attention. I shut and locked the door. Susan had sucked my cock
hard, after the time stop, by then.

I pushed her away so
that she was looking me in the face, with her own neutral face. I turned the
camera to her, and told her she could then talk.

&quot;Susan,&quot; I
asked, &quot;when I was fucking the brunette in the ass, in my store, were you
jealous of her?&quot;

&quot;Yes, I
was.&quot;, said Susan, matter of factly.

&quot;Would you
prefer I fucked you in the ass?&quot;

&quot;Yes, I would
have then.&quot;

&quot;Do you want to
get fucked in the ass?&quot;

&quot;No.&quot;

&quot;Not even by
me?&quot;

&quot;Well, I would
like you to fuck me. If it's in the ass, at least then you're paying attention
to me.&quot;

&quot;I'm going to
ignore you until we get back to my home, though you might get me to spend some
attention on you, but only if you convince me to fuck you in the ass, and I
will only pay attention to you while fucking your ass. I will then ignore you
as originally planned. Oh, you may act non-neutrally, now.&quot;

Susan immediately
began begging me to fuck her ass, &quot;Please fuck my ass!� Fuck my ass as hard as you like, and I'll
even push back on you as you do! Please don't ignore me! I need you! I love
you! I want you to fuck my ass so that I get to be with you! My ass is ready
for you! I'll make it the best thing you ever felt!&quot; She kept begging like
that as she hugged my leg. When it looked like that wasn't convincing me, she
turned the camera towards the bed and got on it with her legs spread,
back-arched. Her chest and head were on the bed, and her hands were behind her
pulling her ass-cheeks apart. She looked at me and continued begging,
&quot;See, I'll even be like that stupid bitch was! My ass is open for you! My
ass was made to be fucked by your beautiful dick!&quot;

I held my hand up for
her to be quiet, and she stopped begging with hope in her eyes, though still
obviously worried I'd deny her request. I said, &quot;I will only fuck your ass
if you promise to slam your ass back on my dick like that girl was doing to the
guy, as hard as you can. That's not an order so that you'd have to do it
anyway, but something of your choice.&quot;

&quot;Yes, oh yes, I
will!&quot;

I got behind her and
placed my head against her asshole. She shoved her ass back against my dick,
and it got almost all the way in. &quot;Harder, bitch!&quot; I shoved in and
she shoved back, getting it all the way. She was crying from the pain more than
from fear of my stopping paying attention to her. I pulled most of the way out,
and shoved back in, to which she shoved her ass back at me, but not hard.
&quot;I said hard! One more try, whore!&quot; I pulled back, and then shoved
in, and she began to shove back hard, but then I think I hit something inside
her due to the angle, and she jumped forward. I do not accept excuses, though.
She tried to bury my dick deep in her ass again, but I was pulling out.

She began shouting
something about fucking her ass, please. She was waving her ass in the air,
still spread out by her hands. It was no use. I told her if she wasn't in the
car by the time I left, that would suck for her, because I'm ignoring her
because she did not uphold her promise. I got dressed and stopped time. I told
Susan to go dress and sit in the corner away from me, where� she will remain until we leave the room. She
will then go to the car, so that I don't leave her here, away from me. I went
downstairs and found the blond, who's breasts I fondled as I spoke to her
frozen form. I told her to go into the room upstairs and to get nude. I told
her what position Susan was in, and told her to get into it on the bed after
disrobing. I told her not to say a word, though to make sounds of pleasure as I
fucked her ass. I also told her to slam her ass up into my dick on every stroke
of mine as hard as she could. I went back upstairs to the room and started time
again. In about half a minute, the blond was up there. I locked the door behind
her, and she immediately stripped and got into that position.

She was facing away
from the camera with her legs spread, her chest and head on the bed, back
arched. She was pulling her ass-cheeks apart hard. Susan dressed and sat in the
corner, facing away from me and the blond. I still had the lube from back in
the store, so pulled off my pants and got on the bed over the blond. I lubed up
my dick and pressed it against her asshole. She slammed her ass up as high as
it would go and I thrust downward, and I was jammed all the way in. I pulled
back a bit and she went back down. I pressed in, and she slammed her ass up so
that my dick slammed into her ass. She was &quot;Oh&quot;ing with every thrust,
and we picked up pace until I was fucking her ass� at least as hard and fast as the other girl
was doing. This was a hard and dirty, balls-deep anal beating. Her ass was
getting pounded the hell out of, and I lasted for six minutes or so, thanks to
all the orgasms I've been having. She sounded like she was having a blast, and
even looked it. I glanced at my dick, and it had some pink smeared on it. Her
ass must have been bleeding, as I was pounding the damn out of it. I kept
going, and she just kept slamming her ass up into me with all the force she
could in that position. I came deep in her ass.

I walked over to the
camera and put my dick up to it. I let it adjust and focus on my dick. I said,
&quot;That is your future, slave.&quot; and shut off the camera.

&nbsp;

End Part 4














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-07-05T11:21:00Z
  2006-07-05T11:21:00Z
  1
  3510
  20012
   
  166
  46
  23476
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 5

&nbsp;

As I approached my
car, I saw Susan in the driver's seat. She was crying softly. I was proud of
conquering her, a feeling I had never expected. I could see a black haired girl
in the back. It was the goth girl. She was shaking her head slowly. I could now
make out her pants near the back door of my car. Surprisingly, nobody else was
around. I guess nobody noticed the pants or that there was the brunette, Megan,
eating out the gothic chick while fingering her own ass. I guess Megan has
gotten good at that, as the gothic chick looked like she was thoroughly
enjoying herself.

I had the tall one
sit in the front, and the blond sit in the back, her on my left, me in the
center, the gothic chick with Megan between her legs taking most of the right.
I paused time and implanted suggestions so that none of them would think
anything odd about anything going on during the car drive, except for Susan,
who I wanted, for some reason, to be wholly aware of the odd things happening.
I told her to drive to my place. She knows where I live, but not because she's
ever been there. She simply drives by every once in a while, and which house
was mine has come up in our conversations at work.

As much fun as I was
having with Megan, I decided she had done enough work for tonight, &quot;Megan,
stop eating out this goth, and sit where your friend is to my left, she will
trade you spots.&quot;

I stopped time long
enough to tell the blond to eat out the gothic chick until we got to my place.
She would be unable to stop even to speak until the car stopped in my garage,
at which time she will get out of the car silently and completely forget about
what she had done while in the car, and not care that she'd forgot. I also gave
directions to various rooms in my house, and told each girl to go to a particular
room and go to sleep when we got there. They would sleep until I woke them up.
I also added to the goth that she would ignore anything I did to her. I started
time.

As Megan got up to
sit down where the blond was, the blond was forced to crawl over me to get to
the goth. They eventually got to their traded positions, though. The blond's
ass was pointing towards the middle of the car, though, so I pulled her skirt
down to her knees, revealing her pert, shapely rear. I turned to Megan,
&quot;Simon says, slap the blond's ass, switching cheeks, hard enough to leave
a mark each time, until we stop in my garage.&quot;

I watched the
brunette slap the blond's ass, the blond groaning into the goth's snatch each
time, for a good couple minutes. Then I looked at the goth. She was completely
shaved. She had joined the conversation between the brunette and the tall one.
Apparently, they know each other from some class or another, and simply never
talked until now. I stopped paying attention, and pulled the goth's shirt up. I
imagined her lifting her arms, which she did, and I slid it up over her head
and off. She was wearing a black bra. What is it with these people? Black's
cool and all, but did she expect people to look at her bra? Anyway, I removed
that, and I threw both it and her shirt out the window. She won't need clothes
any more, anyway.

That's when I
realized I really let this power go to my head. What if I woke up and it was
gone? What if it stopped in a couple minutes? Well, I decided, I'd be in
trouble either way, so I may as well live it up. Every time the brunette
slapped the blond's ass, I slapped the goth's breasts, alternating with the
brunette's alternating. They bounced and jiggled each time. They were already
very pale, so it didn't take much for them to begin turning red. She gasped or
groaned each time I slapped one. I made a game out of it. I would slap them
from a different angle, and on a different part, to see if I could get them
nice and pinkish red all the way around, stopping at where her tits met up with
the rest of her torso.

The drive went by
rather quickly, maybe because I had found a way to distract myself. I managed
to get her tits how I wanted, though the color wasn't very even, but was
blotchy. We were nearing the top of my drive-way, passing by a police cruiser,
so I reached to the front seat and pushed the button on my remote garage door
opener. The right side garage door opened, and Susan pulled in. When she shut
off the car, the girls rearrange themselves and got our of the car. They walked
to the door into the house that was a couple feet from the right side of the
car, and I let them into my house. After they got inside, I shut the door
behind them, and walked around the car.

In the center of the
left side of the garage was the police woman. She was kneeling with her legs
spread wide. Her arms were also spread wide, hands on top of her head. She was
completely nude, and just looking at me.

&quot;Why are you
here, slave?&quot;

&quot;You... you
commanded it, and I was compelled, Master. May I ask you a question?&quot;

&quot;Sure.&quot;

&quot;Why are you my
Master? I mean, I know you're my master, I'm not questioning that, but I've
never met you before today..&quot; as she talked, I walked over to in front of
her, and kneeled down to look her in the eye, &quot;so how did this happen? I've
never been a... a... submissive woman, before, but this is just.... well...
this is simply the way it is, and I was wondering if you would be able to clear
up my confusion over this.&quot;

&quot;Well,&quot; I
said, as I began to play with her pussy as she simply looked at me, &quot;I am
a certain kind of person. Sometimes people see that. You saw that. You truly
wish to be dominated by me. You are nothing except in serving me. I'm the kind
of guy who makes people realize their role in life. Your role is as a servant,
and you didn't know that until you met me. Since I'm a nice guy, I allowed you
to serve specifically me. You are my slave, now.&quot;

&quot;Thank you for
letting me serve you, master.&quot;

&quot;Your
welcome.&quot;

She began turning
flush, and moving her mound as I rubbed.

&quot;Why are you so
quite, slave? Do you not enjoy this?&quot;

She looked
apologetic, avoiding my eyes, and said, &quot;No, I do enjoy this,
Master.&quot;

&quot;Then why are
you so quite? From now on, when I'm stimulating your private parts, you will be
loud. You will ask for more, and elaborate, being as crude as you can think to
be. Also,� you will call your pussy
nothing aside 'cunt', your ass nothing but 'ass', and your breasts nothing but
'tits', from now on. You will never stop me from doing anything to you.&quot;

&quot;Master, please
keep fingering my cunt!I love when you rub my cunt like that! Oh, please,
PLEASE, keep rubbing!...&quot; She continued like that the whole time I was
massaging her snatch. Then I realized what my exact words were for that last
command, so I tested something. I slapped her pussy hard enough to leave a hand
print, and watched her. Her face scrunched up like she was in pain, but she
cried out, &quot;Yes, Master, slap my cunt again!&quot;

&quot;Haha,&quot; I
stopped playing with her and sat back on my foot, kneeling, &quot;Good, slave.
Tell me about your night after you left my car.&quot;

&quot;Well, Master,
at first it was all I could think about. What had happened, I mean. It all felt
so natural. No, supernatural. I even considered masturbating when I got in the
shower at the station, but immediately realized how unlike me that was, and
tried to push it out of my head until I got here. I didn't pull anyone else
over, but nobody was doing anything severe enough to worry about, anyway. When
I was about to leave the station for here, though, one of my friends walked out
at the same time I did. He asked me how my night went, and... and I... well, I
told him. He though I was joking at first, but I insisted it was true. He told
me not to tell anyone else, or I could get in serious trouble, but his advice
was only that, not an order from my master.&quot;

She seemed kind of
proud when she said that last sentence, but also kind of sad. I said to her,
&quot;Well, now that you're here and I'm certain you know your role, I'll allow
you to not tell anyone about that, but you will move out of where you live now,
and bring... wait, do you own a home, or what?&quot;

&quot;I live in an
apartment, Master.&quot;

&quot;Okay, you will
move out of your apartment, and I will give you quarters here. You will be able
to move your things into the basement, which will be your living space. If
anyone asks you anything about it, tell them that you're moving in with your master.
You do not have to give them any details about our relationship if you don't
want to, but you will refer to me as only 'Master'. You can elaborate on what
you choose if they ask questions, though.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master. Do
you have room for a cat?&quot;

&quot;Hrm... I'll allow
you to keep your cat, but it must never go to the second floor. If it does,
you're the one who will be punished.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master,
that's only fair. Can I ask you another question?&quot;

&quot;Shoot.&quot;

&quot;It's a little
cold in here, Master. Could we go inside, or something?&quot;

&quot;Hrm... Tell you
what, I'm going to make you earn entrance into your Master's home.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master,
anything for you.&quot;

&quot;I'm going to
give you a choice. You must make the choice in under one minute. If you do not,
you will be forced to do both. Slave, You must either slap your tits as hard as
you can for ten minutes, or get fucked in the ass for ten minutes. The minute
starts now.&quot;

She looked at me for
a moment. She seemed a bit scared, &quot;Master, why must I be hurt?&quot;

&quot;You're my
slave, and these are the options I gave you. If I wanted you to know my reasons
for them, I'd tell you. If you question me in that manner ever again, I will
hurt you more than I would have otherwise.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master,
I'm sorry.&quot;, she said, as she seemed to get a bit more scared and worried.

&quot;Choose, slave,
your time is lapsing.&quot;

&quot;Master, I
absolutely hate anal sex, so... I guess I'll slap my tits.&quot;, She looked at
me, worried, waiting for the command.

&quot;Slave... slap
your tits as hard as you can for ten minutes. The clock's over there on the
wall, time yourself.&quot;

She moved her hands
from her head, and began slapping her tits, one at a time, with each hand. She
could muster some force, it looked. Her tits bounced hard with each slap, and
she was crying in under half a minute. Her tits were already getting pretty
red. I walked around her and looked at her ass closely. It was bruised from
earlier, but not very badly. There were simply some yellowish green patches. I
got low to avoid getting in the way of her arms, and spread her ass-cheeks
apart. Her asshole didn't look harmed at all. I walked back around to her other
side, and leaned against my car as I watched. Her tits were getting a very
bright red.

They began to get
splotches on them when I decided to test something. I walk up to her and
kneeled, again. I slapped her pussy.

*Sniff* &quot;Yes,
Master!&quot; she screeched between her tears, &quot;Again!&quot; I did it
again, and she said something about how she loved getting her cunt slapped,
even though it was obvious from her face that, while she was already crying
with a face screwed up in pain, it hurt. I slapped her cunt quickly and
repeatedly for about twenty slaps, which was probably about 15 seconds, and she
kept telling me how much she loved it and wanted more. Each slap she would
reflexively move away and up. Though, due to her orders, she would get right
back in place. I got back up and leaned against my car again.

A couple minutes
later, she stopped, and put her hands back on top of her head. I was hard,
again. Even though I was sore from all I've done already, I was hard. She was
crying rivers, with giant red and purple tits, and all I could think about was
how I was going to fuck her. I waited for her crying to stop. She looked at me,
waiting.

&quot;Slave?&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master?&quot;

&quot;Do you want to
get fucked?&quot;

&quot;No, Master. I
just want to get inside.&quot; She looked a bit worried.

&quot;Because you
slapped your tits like that, I will fuck your pussy instead of your ass.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot;

&quot;You may exit
that position.&quot; She stood up and looked around. &quot;Slave, sit on my
car's hood.&quot;

She walked past me
and sat on the hood of my car, legs together, hands to her sides for balance.

&quot;Slave, scoot
forward until your ass is only half on the hood, and lean back onto your
elbows. Spread your legs as wide as you can while maintaining the position of
your ass.&quot;

She did as I said,
and I took off my pants and underwear. I walked up to between her legs, and
pressed my dick against her snatch. She was dry, and I couldn't get in. I
imagined her getting wet, and stood looking at her tits for a moment afterward.
They looked very tender. I imagined they'd be two lumps of bruise by the time I
woke up in the morning.

I tried to press my
dick against her slit, again, and I popped right in. She was exceptionally wet.
Soon after, she began screaming about how she loved my dick in her cunt, and
that she wanted more of it, harder, deeper. I started fucking the hell out of
her, as she simply continued yelling about how much she loved it and wanted it
to continue.

It took me a while,
but I got close to orgasm. I asked her, &quot;Slave, did you enjoy swallowing
my cum earlier?&quot;

&quot;No, Master!
Pound my cunt harder with your dick! But I did everything I could to swallow it
all anyway...&quot;. She continued the way I told her to, like that.

&quot;Get on your
knees and suck my dick, slave.&quot; I pulled out of her and she slid off my
car onto her knees. She took my dick into her mouth like before, and she
retained the skills I gave her. I came down her throat, and she held my dick
deep when I did. She tongued it for a while, then pulled away and looked up at
me.

&quot;Master, may we
go inside, now?&quot;

&quot;Sure.&quot;, I
said to her. I put my pants back on and led her inside.

My house is a
bi-level one, and the door from the garage went into the bottom floor. The
stairs to the basement were about seven feet to the left as we walked in. I
pointed to it, and said that's where she'd be living.

&quot;Master, am I to
go to bed now? I have to be to the station by noon.&quot;

&quot;Yes, I'll take
you down to prepare your room.&quot;

My basement was about
twenty by thirty feet, and it had the clothes washer and dryer, some laundry
hampers near them, and a spare couch in the center with a television in an
entertainment center across from it against the wall. There was a pool table
behind the couch, the Que sticks on the left and nearest wall. I kept the TV
hooked up to the cable, as my friends and I sometimes came down here to play
pool. When my mother moved out, she took most of her things, so that was all
that remained. I tossed a pillow onto the pool table.

&quot;You will sleep
on the pool table, spread eagle.&quot;

&quot;Of course,
Master, but my boss would like us all to be very fresh tomorrow. I think you
should know that, in case you would reconsider given that knowledge.&quot; she
said, as she began climbing onto the pool table.

&quot;It is good that
you told me that. You may use a blanket.&quot;

&quot;Thank you,
Master.&quot;

I went through my
hampers to find a clean blanket. After a couple minutes, I found a clean
comforter, and threw it over her body, but not her head. She lay spread eagle,
watching me. I turned the light off as I left the basement.

I got to the initial
room we entered, and was sorry for having a mortal penis. It was very raw, as I
could feel it rub against my boxers. I began wishing it would heal by morning.
Right then, it stopped hurting. Just to be sure, I pulled down my pants and
boxers, and looked at it. It was in perfect condition! It even looked a bit
bigger. I was ecstatic, and decided to go to my room.

My room was on the
top floor, and to the left of the bathroom door, which was right in front of
you as you get to the top of the stairs. I got into my room, and the goth girl
was sleeping cuddled up with the tall one, both of them nude, just as I
commanded earlier. I stopped time.

&quot;Girls, you will
remain unconscious regardless what I do to you, or make you do, but you will do
everything I tell you to. Your eyes will remain closed the whole time. Now,
each of you roll over and spread out your arms and legs.&quot; The girls did
just that, their near arms and legs overlapping, slowly, as if rolling over in
their sleep. &quot;Now, goth bitch, pinch your nipples, and pull them away from
you to stretch out your tits. Tall girl... finger both of you and play with
your clits.&quot;

The goth girl grabbed
her nipples and pulled them up towards the ceiling without hesitation or
remorse, even if she did do it slowly. Her tits were like cones, and it was
obvious she was in pain from the grimace on her face, as though having a bad
dream. The other girl began playing with each of their snatches as ordered. I
watched for a couple minutes, then the goth had an orgasm. It was weird
watching a sleeping girl orgasm, as she didn't really react to it except to
smile and move her hips slightly as she moaned.

&quot;Goth, lean your
head back, and open your mouth as wide as you can. Tall girl, you stop what
you're doing, and eat out the goth bitch. By the way, your name is now
'Slut'.&quot;

As the tall one
slowly got between the goth girl's legs and began to eat her out, the goth
leaned her head back and opened her mouth, as ordered. Slut was on her knees
leaning down into the goth's snatch, eating away. She was using her hands to
hold the goth's pussy lips out of the way. I had a great view of her ass, as it
rested on her heels while she worked. I was hard again.

&quot;Slut, get one
of your hands' really juicy with the gothic bitch's pussy juices.&quot;

I walked around the
scene, disrobing. When I was nude, I walked on the bed, over to above the goth
chick, and kneeled down above her head, &quot;Goth bitch, you will do your
damnedest to accept my cock down your throat.&quot; I told her, as I shoved my
dick down her throat. She did a wonderful job accepting it, and I began to
throat fuck her. Her throat was nice and tight, and she was making slight
noises that amplified the feeling. I could tell it was hard for her to breath.
I shoved my dick deep down her throat and kept it there. I could feel her
resisting the urge to choke my dick out of her mouth. There's only so much a
mind can do against the baser needs of the body, though, and she began to
choke, but she did not move a muscle to get out of the way. I pulled out, and
watched her chest heave, as she held her tits like cones, still. My chest was
right above her tits. After her coughing fit I shoved my dick back down her
throat and kept it there. I said to her, &quot;Bitch, you will wake up, but you
will continue doing everything I say and you will be unable to move unless told
to. You will also be unable to speak or resist anything done to you.&quot;

I waited until she
was choking again, and I pulled out and looked at her face. She was still
pulling on her tits, holding her head back and mouth open, not moving at all.
However, her eyes were open. She was looking at me, and tears were flowing
around her head and onto the bed. My dick was nice and wet with her saliva and
throat mucus. I got up, and she followed me with her eyes until I was out of
sight.

As I walked around
the bed, to the foot where Slut's ass was sticking out, I said, &quot;Slut,
using the hand with all that juice on it, finger the bitch's asshole with your
index and middle fingers. Do it hard and fast.&quot; I heard the goth bitch
sigh a little, as I positioned my dick at Slut's asshole. I pushed in slowly. I
could tell her ass was a virgin one. It was tight, and I was having a hard time
getting it in, even though I was so hard. She made some noises into the bitch's
cunt as I pushed deeper. After about a full minute, I was in to the hilt. I
moved out slowly, only about an inch, then I pushed slowly back in. Her ass had
such a grip on my dick, I had never felt such a great ass. I continued with
that, out slowly, in slowly, going a bit further out each time. After about five
minutes of it, I thought I was getting close, so I slid it all the way in and
let it rest there.

&quot;Bitch, pull
your tits harder. Slut, add a finger to her ass.&quot; I heard the goth chick
groan, but then she was silent. I moved around just enough to stay hard while I
spanked Slut a bit. I reached over Slut, and could barely reach the goth
bitch's tits. I slapped them lightly for a while, just to get them a little
pink. That took about another five minutes. I began to slam in and out of Slut,
and I could hear her whimper into the gothic cunt. I got it deep and rested for
a bit again. I moved so that I'd stay hard, but mostly just watched.

As I watched, I heard
the goth bitch start to moan a bit. She was having another orgasm! That gave me
an idea. I said, &quot;Slut, whenever I say 'fuck', you will have an
orgasm.&quot; I pulled slowly out of her ass, and slammed back in, yelling,
&quot;Fuck!&quot;. Her ass tightened on my dick, and her whole body was
quivering slightly. That faded away in about twenty seconds. I did it again,
with the same results. For uncounted minutes, I just kept slamming my dick up
her ass and shouting 'fuck' to make her orgasm. Every time, her orgasm lasted
longer, and she moaned louder into the cunt she was servicing. It got to the
point her orgasms were lasting over a minute each, and juice was simply
dripping onto my bed from her snatch, creating a puddle.

I stopped, and slowly
fucked her ass. I was so ready to come, that any more of that would do it. In
fact, if I didn't cum soon, I'd probably have gotten blue balls. I just kept
myself on edge, using her ass. Then the goth girl had another orgasm. I pulled out
of Slut's ass and walked around to sit on the head of the bed, and looked at
the goth girl. Until she noticed me, her eyes made it seem like she was really
into what was happening. Then, when she saw me, she looked angry and worried.

I said to her,
&quot;You must be kinky, huh? Well, as much as you like what she's doing, did
you know I was just fucking her ass?&quot; Her eyes got even more angry and
worried as I positioned myself like earlier, above her, with my dick right in
front of her face. I pushed it down to be right on her nose, then shoved it
down her throat. As before, she was avoiding choking on it. I pulled out enough
for her to breath, then fucked her throat roughly.

&quot;Slut, bite this
bitch's clit!&quot; I watched as Slut moved her head above the snatch, used her
free hand to open it wide, then bared her teeth and dove down onto it. She was
biting the clit hard, too. &quot;Keep biting, just be sure not to damage it to
the point it won't heal back fine. In fact, chew a bit!&quot; The bitch was
gurgling on my dick.

&quot;Goth bitch, you
press your tits down towards yourself, then use all your might pulling the
nipples back up. Repeat that until I tell you to stop.&quot; She began doing
just that, and I fucked her throat as hard as I could. &quot;Bitch, when you're
done having your next orgasm, lay down as you were before I came in and
sleep.&quot; I came down the bitch's throat. I came what seemed buckets. She
choked, but I kept coming. By the time I pulled out, she was getting a blue hue
to her face, and she was gasping for air.

&quot;Slut, fuck.
Goth girl, stop doing that to your tits and put your arms to your sides. You my
rest your head and mouth.&quot; Slut came for a minute or so, then curled up
next to the goth bitch and lied there. The goth stopped pounding her breasts
and stared at me, horrified. She choked a couple times and just stared at me.

&quot;You are my
slave. You will forever do anything and everything I tell you to do, no matter
what. Sleep, and act as I just said from now on, remembering what happened here
when you wake up.&quot; She immediately went to sleep, and I lay down next to
her. I thought about some things, but didn't have any particularly lucid
thoughts before falling asleep.

&nbsp;

End Part 5














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-07-05T11:21:00Z
  2006-07-05T11:21:00Z
  1
  2964
  16901
   
  140
  39
  19826
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 6

&nbsp;

I woke up the next
morning to the sound of my doorbell. It was being rung repeatedly, though I
wasn't quite aware of the time between each ring. I got out of bed and put on
my boxers. Slut was cuddling up to the goth girl, who was still laying as when
I made her go to sleep the night before. Or early that morning. Yeah. I made my
way down the stairs to the door. There was a man's silhouette on the shade on
the door's window. I got to the door and opened it. It was my father.

He was dressed in the
same manner as he was in my memories, but he was shorter. No, I was taller.
Things were getting less foggy. He was in a business suit, and had a stupid
grin on his face. His hair was short and combed like a news reporter's. He just
kept looking at me. What was he doing here? Why had he come back here after...
ten? ... No, I was in first grade, it's been sixteen years. He looked exactly
the same. No grey, no wrinkles, no unsightly nose hairs, nothing. I punched
him.

The whole event
happened before I realized that it had. My hand was in pain, and he fell one
step back with his head to the side.� He
took his position back where he was, and said, &quot;I'm sorry I've been gone
this whole time, son, but I've been busy. You'll understand after we eat some
breakfast.&quot;

&quot;You have no
right to be here, father.&quot; I began, &quot;You left when I was a small
child. You left my mother all alone to raise me. You took no part in my life
greater than to see that I was born, and you left soon after!&quot;

&quot;Son, I'm about
to tell you some things you're going to have to be sitting for. If you're
anything like I was at your age, there's a couple girls here who would be more
than happy to cook us some breakfast. I'd wager one of them is a police woman.
I understand your anger. I'd be angry, too. If you want, I'll leave after we
talk, but we absolutely must talk.&quot;

&quot;What do you
know about 'a couple girls'?&quot;

&quot;Son, let's talk
over some eggs and toast.&quot;

I let my father in
and had him sit at the dinning room table. I told him I'd be back with my cook
and headed down to the basement. On my way, I checked the time on a wall clock.
It was eight o'clock in the morning. I got down to the basement, where the
police woman was sleeping on the pool table. She was still spread out, with
each hand and foot over a corner pocket. I lightly shook her awake.

&quot;Slave, do you
know how to cook well?&quot;

She sat up on the
table with the blanket falling around her waist, she leaned back on her arms.
Her tits had huge blue/green splotches all over them. &quot;Yes, Master. I've
been living by myself for a while, and have gotten quite good at cooking. Do
you want some breakfast?&quot;

&quot;Yes. Follow me
up to the kitchen and make a breakfast for both me and my father.&quot; I
turned to go up the stairs, and she got off the table and began following me.

&quot;Master, I'm
nude. Shouldn't I dress for your family?&quot;

&quot;No. I have a
feeling he already knows about the status of our relationship. I also think
he's here to elucidate something relevant to it, though I don't know
what.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot;

From the flight of
stairs from the room to the garage, you immediately enter the kitchen. Past the
kitchen is the dinning room. My father was in the far chair, and looked up from
some paper work he had apparently brought with him in his briefcase. As he saw
me, he looked past me. When the police woman came into view, I could see him
grin and get a curious look on his face. He looked back to me, and motioned
towards her midsection with his eyes and a slight nod of his head. I presumed
he was questioning me about the state of her tits. I sat down across from him,
and the police woman began looking around the kitchen for what she needed to
start her task.

&quot;I honestly
don't know how to begin explaining that, father. I was hoping you were here to
fill me in.&quot;

&quot;You mean you
did not do that to her, or have someone else do it to her?&quot;

&quot;Well, I had her
do it to herself. I don't really know why, though. Last nigh...&quot;

&quot;Master, what
would you and your father like to drink?&quot; I heard her ask from behind me.

I turned to look at
her, but before I could say anything, I heard my father say, &quot;Get me some
orange juice, sweety.&quot; She was next to the fridge with two glasses, and
she was trying her best to cover herself up with her arms and the positioning
of her legs while still doing her best job with service. She opened the fridge,
which also gave her a small door to hide behind for a moment.

&quot;I'll have some
milk.&quot; I said to her. &quot;You have nothing to hide in front of my
father, so stop trying.&quot;

She finished poring
the two glasses full and shut the door, moving so that she was not covering
herself. Her face was a very bright red, but she just continued working on the
food. I turned back around.

&quot;I compliment
your taste, son.&quot; said my father, watching the cook. &quot;Is this the
police woman?&quot;

&quot;Yes. She pulled
me over last night, and I... I... made her my slave. It was all very natural.
Thinking back on it today, It seemed too natural for me, too easy. I mean
morally, not in difficulty. I was just... fine with it. I just.... bent her to
my will.&quot;

My father chuckled,
&quot;Yes, it's creepy for a while. Anyway, I suppose I should start; Do you
remember your grandfather?&quot;

&quot;No, he died
before I was born. At least, that's what I was told.&quot;

He chuckled again,
&quot;Yes, he was dead before you were born, in a way. In a way, he was dead
before even I was born. Before I was conceived. You see, your grandfather was
an angel. Don't scoff at that, yesterday ought to be enough to open your eyes a
bit. Do you at least recall his name?&quot;

&quot;No.&quot;

&quot;Your
grandfather was called 'Bob'. That, however, was not his true name. Bob's true
name was 'Bezzlebub'.&quot;

&quot;Father, I may
not be the most mythologically rehearsed, but I vaguely recall a name like that
one. However, that was the name of a devil. You said grandfather was an angel,
though.&quot;

&quot;Oh, he was an
angel. Then there was war. Angels fighting angels. The aetherial realms were
alight with holy fires, terran magics, and the manipulators of each. Every
religion has a different story for it, but the way it happened is quite
different from those ways. Your grandfather is an angel bound to the physical
realm of the universe. You see, the angels had been prohibited from using the
material magics, as they were seen to corrupt the purity of what we'll call
'heaven', for lack of a better term. Some angels, however, didn't understand
the banning of such magics...&quot; My father got interrupted as a plate with
eggs, bacon, and toast were placed before him, though the food wasn't what
distracted him. He was looking at her tits. She was obviously embarrassed,
though he seemed simply amused.

As she placed my
plate in front of me, I told her to make something for herself and to join us.

&quot;Master, you
father is getting distracted by me. Are you sure it's appropriate for me to
distract such an important discussion?&quot;

Even though she began
working on some more food, I told her, &quot;I already told you not to question
me. You'll do as I say, and I'll deal with your mistake later.&quot;

Her eyes opened wide,
&quot;I'm sorry, Master. I'll try harder next time. I was simply concerned
about your discussion.&quot; She continued cooking.

I looked back to my
father and began eating. He was smiling that stupid grin again, but continued,
&quot;To make this very long story very short; Angels began using earthly
magics out of curiosity and rebellion. The traditional angels saw that it was
damaging their home, and began to fight those who cared so little about it.
Earthly magic actually did harm heaven, but heaven was not the ideal paradise
it's made out to be by religions. It was a place of strict order and law, a
bureaucracy, pure and simple. It was full of red tape and redundant politics.
Though, the traditionalist angels outnumbered the rebels, and banished them to
this, the physical, realm. Your grandfather was one of those original
rebels.&quot;

&quot;So... you're
saying that I inherited my... my power... through an angelic blood-line?&quot;

&quot;In a sense,
yes. Having such a blood-line hones you in on that such magics exist, it allows
you to notice them to begin manipulating them in the first place. That,
however, does not explain it all. Your intuition for the arcane did not develop
when I expected it would, which was why I left. I had more important things to
get to. However, when you awakened, I knew. I got on the first plane here, this
morning to talk with you.&quot;

The cook sat down in
the seat on the left side of the table, the side facing the living room, so
that she was actually looking out the back door. Her plate had eggs and toast,
but no bacon. She trembled as she began eating, obviously very embarrassed
about being so exposed, probably not knowing what to make of her whole
situation.

&quot;So I 'Awoke'
late?&quot; I asked, turning back to my father.

&quot;Yes, but you
did it very quickly, too. You can stop time, correct?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot;

&quot;Nobody, not
man, angel, or inbreed, can do that. You're the only one. You must choose your
path. We'll be watching you. I hope you choose the right path.&quot; My father
had already put his papers away, and was getting up from the table staring at
the cook's tits. &quot;It looks to me as though you've been giving in to the
appropriate passions. Your path may allow us all to go back into our homeland.
Keep practicing, and be true to yourself.&quot;

My father left. I
wanted to call him back to the table, to ask him questions, but I had so many
that I couldn't think of which to ask first. He had left and was gone before I
even noticed my slave was picking up the table. I was angry. My father came by
out of nowhere, handing me some nigh unbelievable story about my heritage that,
had anyone else heard it, they would instantly assume it was hog-wash, and left
before I could ask him all the questions I had. Not to mention all the ones
I've been storing up from the rest of my life. On top of all that, my slave had
questioned me in front of him! I couldn't quite figure out why, but that was
the most angering thing that had happened the whole time. That seemed wholly
counterintuitive, but that was reality, not a fairy tale someone out of my
distant memories was telling me.

I waited for the
table to be cleared. When she had begun washing the dishes I got up and pushed
my seat to the side of the table. I commanded, &quot;Slave, get over here and
place each of your feet against these nearest two table legs, then lean over
the table and remain in that position until I tell you to stop. Grab the sides
of the table as far away as you can.&quot;

&quot;Master, is this
my punishment? Well, is this the beginning of it? I truly am sorry for
questioning you.&quot; She said as she walked over to the table and did as I
told her to. Her feet were about four feet apart to touch the table legs, and
her waist was at just the right place for her to bend over the table. She
groaned a bit when she put her weight on her tits.

&quot;You can be
sorry all day long, but that won't punish you for disobeying.&quot;

&quot;I understand,
Master.&quot;

I walked back
upstairs, to the spare room, and the blond and brunette were sleeping together,
nude, in the middle of the empty room. The sun was shining on them. I stopped
time long enough to tell the blond that she would do anything I told her to do
without question, and that she was my slave, she would refer to me as only
'Master' or 'Sir'. I also told them not to say anything until I gave them
permission. I started time back up.

&quot;Wake up!&quot;

The girls moved and
one of them groaned. They rubbed their eyes and got up off the floor. For a moment
they looked at me, half awake. Some of the implanted commands I gave them
yesterday was that they would not act worried at all about being nude. I
realized that meant they might actually be uncomfortable. They may even be
mentally freaking out, but they would not act that way, and they both had
commands to do whatever I said, now. I did notice that they were each very
flushed. Possibly due to embarrassment.

&quot;Look at the
windows,&quot; they did, &quot; and notice the blinds. On each of them there is
a thin plastic rod. It's the one that spins, making the blinds open or close.
You will each remove one and bring it with you.&quot; I waited for them to get
the rods down, which was fun, as they strained a bit and the blond fell down
when it snapped off. I had them follow me to the dining room, and I grabbed my
pocket watch from my room on the way. They each blushed more seeing the woman
bent so crudely over the edge of the table.

I had the blond stand
to the cop's left, and the brunette to the right. I set the watch on the
counter so that both the girls could see it.

&quot;Alright, girls,
watch this pocket watch. Brunette, when five seconds after I tell you to begin,
whip this woman's ass as hard as you can, and do it again every ten seconds
thereafter. Blond, you do the same, but begin ten seconds after I tell you to
begin.&quot;

I sat where my father
had, so that I could see the cop's face, as well as the two girls who would be
whipping her do their jobs.

&quot;Master, how
long will this go on?&quot; The cop asked, looking at me with a worried
expression. I did not answer her.

&quot;Begin.&quot;

I watched the
brunette, who was watching the watch in turn. A couple moments later, she
raised the make-shift cane over head and brought it down on the cop's ass. I
could hear it 'swosh' through the air, and land with a loud 'SWIP' noise as it
landed. The brunette's tits jiggled all over with the motion. Before she even
pulled the cane back, the police woman screeched with an inward breath, She bit
her bottom lip as she began breathing harder. I looked at the mark that was
left, and it was an obvious red strip across both cheeks. I smiled, &quot;Never
question me, slave.&quot;

'swosh-SWIP', said
the blond's cane, and the police woman began to cry. I got up and walked into
the living room. I heard another whipping as I sat down and turned on the TV.
The cop cried harder, but I just watched TV.

After about ten
minutes, I turned off the TV and walked back into the dining room. I walked
around the corner just in time to see the brunette bring her cane down on the
cop's ass. The cop was crying harder then I'd ever heard a woman cry. I walked
around the blond to behind the cop, and watched the blond bring down her cane.
The cane was brought down onto an ass with more dark red stripes across it than
could be told apart, and some of them were bleeding.

&quot;Stop, girls.
Blond, get on the floor five feet behind the cop, face up. Brunette, get over
her. Both of you, sixty nine.&quot;

The two girls did
exactly as I told them to. I watched for a bit, then went up to the bathroom. I
got the cleaning alcohol and a rag. I went back down, and I heard the juicy
noises of the two girls on the floor. I walked around them and cleaned off the
cop's ass with the alcohol. I could hear her sob a bit harder when I wiped the
marks, but I didn't care. She should not have questioned me.

Since the brunette
was on top, I pushed my thumb into her asshole. I pulled up on her asshole to
get her pussy off of the blonds mouth. I pulled up, but the blond followed her
pussy up, and used her hands to pull her ass back down. I pulled up higher,
until the blond couldn't reach with her mouth. The blond was still trying to
lick at the brunette's cunt, though. I shoved my dick into the brunette's
pussy, and humped for a while. The blond's attempts at eating out her friend
resulted in her licking my balls.

The brunette began to
moan loudly, and she soon had an orgasm. I stopped fucking her and pushed her
down onto the blond. I told the blond to lick her asshole. The blond used her
hands on the brunette's ass and pulled it apart, then began licking. She had a
disgusted look on her face. I told her to lick inside her ass, see how far she
could get her tongue. She began to fuck the brunette's ass with her tongue,
still with that look of disgust. I watched this for a while, when I noticed
that look disappearing. The blond was moaning into the brunette's ass. Soon,
she was having an orgasm. Then, I told the brunette to do the same to the
blond's ass. The brunette's head dipped lower and her arms moved. The blond
looked surprised, and the look of disgust reappeared.

I did the same thing
to the brunette as before, and fucked her some more. Then, I let those two go
at it, and turned to face the cop. She was still crying, but it was lighter
than before.

&quot;Slave, grab
your ass cheeks and pull them apart. I want clear access to your ass.&quot;

&quot;Master...&quot;
she said quietly, and she grabbed her ass cheeks. She began crying harder again
as she pulled them apart. I positioned my dick at her asshole and shoved. I got
my dick halfway in, and began to lightly fuck her ass as she cried. She seemed
to quiet down after a few minutes, so I shoved my dick all the way in. I fucked
her ass hard, and she sobbed her eyes out.

After a moment, I
pulled out, and moved back over to the brunette and blond. I pulled the brunette's
ass up again, and began to fuck it. I fucked it lightly. I was getting pretty
close, and didn't want to, yet.

&quot;Blond, when I'm
fucking the other's ass, lick my balls. When I shove my dick in your face, suck
it.&quot;

The blond licked my
balls as I fucked the brunette's ass. She was having some trouble getting them
as I moved in and out, but she was trying. I pulled out, and shoved my dick
down her throat. She almost choked. I pulled back out, and shoved it in the
brunette's ass. The blond looked absolutely disgusted, making a horrible face,
but she licked my balls. I pulled out, and shoved my dick in her mouth. She
accepted it just as I told her to. I pulled out and back into the brunette's
ass, again, watched the blond make her face, then switched back to her mouth.

I continued switching
like that for about a minute. Then, I pulled out and walked around to the other
side, leaving the blond to ream the brunette. I kneeled down and pulled up on
the blond's legs, so that her knees were over my shoulders. I grabbed the
brunette's hair and shoved her mouth onto my dick, then pulled out and used my
shoulders to pull the blond up a bit. I shoved my dick slowly into the blond's
ass. I then began alternating between the brunette's mouth and the blond's ass,
like I was with the brunette's ass and the blond's mouth.

A couple minutes
later, I got up and shoved my dick deep into the cop's ass and began fucking it
hard. She started crying again. I couldn't do that for very long, though. I
commanded her to get on her knees facing the two reaming each other. I pulled
out and she got in position. I came all over her face and tits as she sobbed.

&quot;Slave, rub that
cum all over your tits, pussy, and ass. You are not allowed to wash it off
until I say so. You may clean your face, and you may clean your hands, but only
if you use your hands to get as much from those areas into your mouth, and swallow
it.&quot;

She began whipping
the cum on her face towards her mouth, and licked it all down. What she could
get, anyhow. She then stood up and began rubbing my cum all over her tits and
pussy. She hesitated, but also moved her hands around to rub it on her ass. She
sobbed while she did that, but then walked over to the kitchen sink to clean
her hands and face. She was shaking as she cleaned up. I looked to the two on
the floor.

&quot;Blond, begin
eating out the brunette, again. When she orgasms, return to licking her asshole,
and wait what you think is five minutes before eating her out again. Repeat
that cycle. Brunette, the same goes for you.&quot;

I walked the cop down
to the basement. It was after ten o'clock. I told her to leave when she needed
to, and go to her home to begin bringing her things here after she gets out.
She was still shaking a bit and her eyes were full of tears, but she nodded
understanding, and I left her there to go to bed. I was woken up before I
planned on it, and I was still tired.

&nbsp;

End Part 6














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-07-05T11:22:00Z
  2006-07-05T11:22:00Z
  1
  2942
  16772
   
  139
  39
  19675
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 7

&nbsp;

I woke up cuddled up
to my pillow and blanket, facing the edge of my bed. I looked behind me and saw
the goth girl and Slut, both spread across more than the half I gave them to
sleep on. I laughed at myself. I rolled over, and told the goth girl to wake
up, whispering to in her ear. She stirred slowly. Eventually, she opened her
eyes and looked at me. She moved slowly, but began rubbing her tits. They had
ever so small bruises. The only reason you could see them was because she was
so pale.

&quot;Master...&quot;
She began, thinking of how to say whatever it was she was going to say,
&quot;Master, what happened? Why are you my master? It... Sir... you're...
male.&quot; She said that with a slight cringe.

&quot;Why is that
odd?&quot;

&quot;Sir... I'm...
not attracted to men. I've never had... wait...&quot;

&quot;What is
it?&quot;

&quot;Sir... now
that� think of it, my last master was a
man, and...&quot;

&quot;Your last
master?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;

&quot;So you've been
dominated over before?&quot;

&quot;Sir, yes,
but... but not... this is different, somehow. I'm very confused, sir.&quot;

&quot;Your confusion
is irrelevant. How old are you, where do you live, who do you live with?&quot;

&quot;Master, I live
with my parents. I graduated this year. I'm going to be 18 in one week and two
days. I live about two miles from here, I think.&quot;

&quot;Did you plan on
college?&quot;

&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;

&quot;You're not
going to go to college. You're going to go home today, and act completely
normal. If you get in trouble, then so be it. Accept the punishment your
parents give you. On your 18th birthday, inform your parents that you're going
to move in with me. You can say I'm your boyfriend, if you want, but you will
never say anything about how we've done anything sexual. We've been waiting
until you turn 18. I got rid of your clothes last night, but that's your
problem. Go home. Come back here when you're 18.&quot;

&quot;Sir, I had
spare clothes in my car, which was at the party.&quot;

&quot;So?&quot;

&quot;So... how am I
supposed to make it all the way there, about 15 miles from here, without any
clothes? Won't it seem weird if I get picked up by the cops naked? What would I
tell them?&quot; She began to get up.

&quot;You may wear
clothes you find, so long as their not mine. Go home, no more talking.&quot;

She picked up Slut's
dress, which was next to the bed, and stuffed herself into it. She was thicker
and not as tall as Slut, but it was just a dress anyhow. She could easily find
a way to her car from here... I wondered where she kept her keys, just then,
but blew it off. It's wasn't my problem.

I woke up Slut. She
woke up fast, and seemed refreshed. Though, it took her a moment to register
the situation. She gasped, and grabbed the blanket, pulling it up over herself.
&quot;what... what happened?!&quot; I saw her move a hand behind her, as though
feeling some unseen wound or sore spot.

I sat up and looked
at her, &quot;Good morning.&quot;, I said with a sly grin.

&quot;What did we...
did we... you know... what did we do?&quot;, She was terribly red.

&quot;You made me
happy.&quot;

She smiled at me, and
pulled the blanket up to her mouth as though to hide her smile. &quot;Oh...
good. Um... I have to work today. What time is it?&quot;

I checked my clock
and saw that it was almost 2PM. I motioned at my clock, and she followed my
hand. As she looked up at the digital display, she gasped.

&quot;Oh no! I have
to be to work at three!&quot; She jumped out of bed and began looking around
the floor, I presumed for her clothes. I noticed that she was taking small aims
to cover herself up from view. She doesn't remember anything strange about last
night, after all. The she stopped after a while, and looked at me, &quot;Where
is my dress?&quot;

&quot;That goth girl
had to get home, so she borrowed it.&quot;

She turned red, but
from anger this time. She raised a hand with a finger pointed at nothing in
particular, &quot;How could you do that?! What the fuck am I supposed to wear
home?! How am I supposed to get back, anyway? We didn't bring my car!&quot;
When she saw that I was angry, she stopped yelling. She looked at her hand, and
slowly placed it to her side. She then continued, &quot;Um... I hardly know her,
how am I supposed to get that dress back? Why did she need it? Why did you give
it to her, instead of letting me, the person who owns it, use it?&quot;

&quot;It made me
happy. It would make me happy, too, if you saw if you could make it all the
home nude.&quot;

She just looked at me
for a moment. She would open her mouth slightly, as though trying to make words
come out even though she couldn't think of what words they should be.
&quot;But... but... I can't go home naked! People will see me! Even if Amy
drives... why am I even considering this?! Why does it matter what you
think?!&quot;

She stormed out the
doorway and down the stairs. I got up and followed her. She found the dinning
room, and saw her two friends on the floor, eating each other out and licking
each other's assholes. She leaned down and tapped the blond's shoulder. The
blond looked at her, but kept tonguing the brunette's asshole.

&quot;Amy, can you go
get your car and drive me home?&quot; Amy just kept working on the brunette's
asshole, though. Slut just looked at her, as though it was not odd that it took
her this long to reply. Hell, she was acting as though the whole scene wasn't
odd, so I guess that made sense. I walked around them, to the other side. The
brunette was working on the blond's pussy.

&quot;You two can now
stop eating each other out and licking each other's assholes.&quot;

The two got up,
rubbing their jaws, and they were both very red in the face. The blond replied,
&quot;Sure, I'll be back in a bit...&quot;

I cut her short,
&quot;I think it'd be good exercise walking to your car from here. I'm sick of
how lazy people have become, not even walking only a couple miles.&quot; I then
leaned up and whispered into the blond's ear, &quot;You will walk, with both
your friends, to your car. Take care of anything you need to, today, and come
back here tonight. In fact, you're going to move here, so bring some of your
things with you. However, bring only clothes, toiletries, sex toys, and
necessities. Everything else you own you will sell.&quot;

I whispered the same
thing into the brunette's ear, and then they went up to the spare room. Slut
and I followed them. The blond put her clothes back on and straightened herself
out. However, the brunette put on her tube top as a top, and picked up the
other shirt she was wearing with a confused look on her face. I leaned towards
her and whispered, &quot;Simon says, just go like that.&quot;

They all asked each
other if they were ready, and left. I watched them from the door. The blond was
first. She got to the sidewalk at the bottom of my yard (I live on a hill) and
turned to head to my store. The brunette was right behind her, wearing nothing
but a tube top, walking non-chalantely, as though absolutely nothing was out of
place. Behind them was Slut. She ran to a tree in my yard and stood behind it,
until her two friends got closer to another tree further down the road. She
looked around to make sure no cars were coming and nobody was in view, and
dashed for that tree. She made it to that tree, right before a truck came down
the road. The trucker honked, but I wasn't sure if it was because he saw Slut,
noticed how little the brunette was wearing, or both. The blond waved at him,
flattered.

I stopped watching,
and went to the bathroom. When I was done, I opened up the shower curtain to
reveal Susan sleeping in the tub, nude. Her clothes were on the mat next to the
shower. I rubbed her pussy and told her to wake up. She woke up quickly, like
Slut, and looked up to me with pink cheeks. She moved her legs apart to give me
room. She said, &quot;Good morning, and thank you.&quot;

&quot;You still live
with your parents?&quot;

&quot;Yeah. I was
gonna move out when I was done with college, but I'm going to the college in
town, so don't need to go to the dorms.&quot;

&quot;You're going to
move in with me. I don't care what you tell your parents, or even if you do.
Now stand up. I'm going to take a shower, and it's your job to make sure I get
clean.&quot;

&quot;Yes. On both
accounts.&quot; She seemed distracted, but got up and out of the shower.

I turned on the
water, and she stood beside me while I waited for it to get to the right
temperature. I slapped her ass while I waited. Eventually, the shower got to
the right temperature, and we both got in. I stood in the water, and she
shampooed me. She pushed my head back into the water to rinse off the shampoo,
and she lathered me with body wash. She kneeled down and lathered my dick last.
She seemed somewhat mesmerized by it. How could I avoid getting a hard on while
she was doing that.

&quot;Stand up.&quot;
I commanded, and she obeyed. &quot;Turn around. Lean against the wall. Stick
your ass out. Spread your legs. Place your hands as high against the wall as
you can.&quot;

She followed all my
commands.

&quot;Do you remember
how you failed me last night?&quot;

&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;
She said, with a crick in her voice.

I slapped her ass a
couple times, and it turned a little pink. I placed my dick against her ass,
and shoved. It made it about half way in on the first thrust, and I began to
lightly fuck her ass. I asked, &quot;Did it hurt last night?&quot;

She turned her head
so that I could see face, or, at least, it's profile, and replied,
&quot;Yes&quot;. Her eyes were shut and she had a grimace on her face, which
got worse whenever I thrust.

&quot;Does this hurt
as bad?&quot;

&quot;No, but it
still hurts.&quot;

I shoved my dick all
the way into her ass roughly, &quot;Did that hurt as badly?&quot;

&quot;No.&quot;

I began to hump her
ass with the entirety of my length, pounding furiously, &quot;How about
that?&quot;

&quot;Yes, sir.&quot;
She faced the wall again, let her head fall, and began sobbing.

I grabbed her tit
with one hand, but kept one arm around her waist, so that I could pull her into
each thrust. I began to get close to orgasm, but wanted to last longer, so I
slowed down. However, I realized, as I slowed down, that my orgasm wasn't as
close as I thought it was, so I began to fuck her ass hard, again. I moved my
hand around her waist down to her pussy, and thrust my ring and middle finger
in, with my other two fingers outlining her sex. I kept pulling her onto each
thrust.

I began to get close
again, and considered slowing down, and then my orgasm wasn't as close, any
more. I fucked her ass hard, with the intention of orgasming, and I got close,
then thought about slowing down, and it happened again! I shouted, &quot;I
could fuck your ass all day if I wanted!&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot;,
Susan agreed.

&quot;No,&quot; I
began, as I kept fucking her ass hard, &quot; you don't understand. I can make
my orgasm wait as long as I want! I'm going to fuck your ass for an hour!&quot;

I moved both hands to
either of her legs. I pulled her thighs forward, so that she fell back into me,
and I continued with that motion until her legs were tucked under her torso,
and I was holding her. I could move her on my dick a bit, so I did. As I
carried her to my room, I fucked her deep, but not with much of my dick. She
wasn't crying very hard. I think she was mostly surprised by my sudden
maneuver. When we got to my room, I set her on the bed. I positioned her so
that she was on her hands and knees, pushing her ass back towards me.

&quot;Susan, with
every thrust, push your ass back onto my dick.&quot;

I began humping her
ass with a steady pace, instead of the furious one I had in the shower. As I
pushed forward, she pushed her ass back into me. She was sobbing as she was in
the shower, though.

&quot;Does this hurt
as bad as last night?&quot;

&quot;Worse!&quot;

&quot;Then count this
as a beginning in making that up to me.&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot;

I stayed at the same
pace for about twenty minutes. Normally, at this pace, in any hole, I'd either
cum, or get soft. Neither happened. The longer I did this, the more control I
found I had over my erection and orgasm. I had Susan reach under her and fondle
my balls. Ten minutes later I found I could keep myself on the edge, have a
sort of pre orgasm feeling. It didn't feel as good as an orgasm, but it was at
least half as good, and I was enjoying every minute detail of it. I was
enjoying how she looked, wiggling as though that would get rid of the pain. I
enjoyed how she was pushing back onto me as I pushed into her. I could feel her
sphincter pull my dick, trying not to let go as I moved either way regardless
it's wishes. When my dick was almost all the way in, I could feel deep inside
her ass. I'm no expert on what parts were there, but they seemed to hug my dick
the same way her sphincter did, but on every inch of my head. Her fingers
rolled my balls and scrotum around like they were dreaming. I found myself
slowing down to savor the sensations.

&quot;Susan, if you
could only feel what I feel now. Your ass is like heaven. I know I said I'd
fuck it for an hour, but I might end up doing this all day. Screw it if you
don't make your shift. Amanda can cover it. I'm just gonna make her my slave,
too, after all. Do you like getting fucked in the ass like this?&quot;

She sniffled, and
replied, &quot;No. This is easily the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
Please cum soon. Please.... please...&quot; She continued to quietly plead with
me, but I didn't care. This may have been the worst thing that ever happened to
her, but it was easily the best thing that's ever happened to me, and she's the
slave. I'm the master. I choose what happens.

I grabbed her hair
and pulled it back sharply, but not hard enough o cause damage, just enough to
make her very uncomfortable.&quot;You just keep disliking it, then. However,
I'm going to have to make you act like you love it. Act as though this is the
best sex you've ever had. Ask me to keep going, ask me to fuck your slutty ass
harder, and shout in-between asking for those favors your thanks for having the
best sex ever!&quot;

She began doing just
that. Her hips were swaying with the thrusts, grinding her ass onto my cock when
it was all the way in, as though that made it feel better. It did, but for me,
not her. She arched her back, and started shouting, &quot;Thank you, thank you,
for fucking my ass! Fuck me harder! I want all of that dick in my ass! Give it
to me rough! Thank you for humping my ass so deep and fast! I hope this lasts
all day!&quot;

She continued on like
that for a while. I stopped paying attention to her actual words and
concentrated on how wonderful the whole situation was. I fucked her ass very
fast, then slow, then in between, and she kept pushing back on it and grinding.
After a while, I saw that her sphincter was getting a very bight red and it was
exceptionally puffy.

As wonderful as this
whole thing was, I didn't want to damage her. I picked her up from her mid-section
and turned her around. I shoved my dick in her mouth, and she accepted it
greedily. I could see the disgust and pain in her face, but I wanted to capture
the feeling I was having for a bit longer.

&quot;Susan, grab my
ass, and continue giving me head. When you get to the top of my dick, pull
yourself back to the base using your arms and every other muscle in your
body!&quot;

I grabbed her hair as
she did what I said. She was gagging hard as she got tot he bottom of my dick
each time, but she kept doing it. I held her head, using her hair, near my
crotch. Most of her weight was on her hair, as she concentrated on the head.
After a bit, she threw up, but she kept fucking my dick with her face. The
throw up made it onto the floor, but in sections as my dick blocked her throat.
It wasn't chunky or anything, mostly whitish, but I didn't pay much attention
to it.

I started smacking
her ass hard. I did this for a while, as well. It got a very bright, splotchy
red. Then I lost my concentration. I began to cum down her throat, and she
choked on it and threw up again, as she, too began to orgasm. I pulled her head
back, and came on her face and in her hair as she threw up on the floor and
orgasmed. I kept cuming. I pulled her up a bit when she was done throwing up
and came on her tits, too. I had, easily, twenty large spurts of cum. I didn't
think any man has ever cum that much, ever.

&quot;Susan, stand up
and rub that cum all over your torso, including your pussy and ass. Try to
scoop it into your pussy and asshole, and lick and drink some down as
well.&quot;

She stood up, gasping
for air, and began rubbing the cum all over. She didn't have to do too much
work, I had already cum all over her front, so she had to work on her back, then
she tried shoving it into her vagina and asshole. She groaned and screwed up
her face when she did, but then went back to the rubbing, and eventually
started licking it from her hands, then back to rubbing. I sank down onto the
bed, exhausted, and watched. The clock said it was a couple minutes past 5
o'clock.

&quot;Susan, you have
to be to work right now. However, relax. Get your strength back up,
first.&quot;

She immediately sank
down onto her knees, legs spread a bit. She put one hand behind her, and rubbed
her ass. The other hand went between her legs and back, feeling her asshole.
She cringed when she touched it, but she felt how swollen it was and then just
sat there looking at me, crying quietly.

&quot;You... you did
it for more than two hours.&quot;

&quot;Did I?
Interesting. Wash up, get dressed, and I'll take you to work. If you talk to
your parents, tell them to talk to me about last night, that there was an
emergency that only I can fill them in on.&quot;

She left the room to
take a shower. I joined her shortly thereafter, since I was still soapy. I was
only in long enough to get the soap off. I waited for her at the computer. When
she was dressed and ready, I took her to work. On the drive, I noticed she was
flushed, and hung her head. When I pulled into the parking lot, before getting
out of the car, she looked at me, and said softly, &quot;I'm proud to serve
you, sir.&quot;

We left the car and
got inside. Amanda was furious. She claimed she called and she didn't know what
to do. She had a million things to do to prepare for college, and there was
some creepy bald guy who couldn't count his change, and she went on and on and
on. By then, Susan had counted the drawer and had taken over. I stopped time.

Amanda was gorgeous.
Her hair was down, and she was wearing a short pair of khaki shorts, which are
the kind you can see underwear through. It confused me when otherwise 'proper'
girls would wear pants you could practically see through, but I didn't
complain. She was wearing a tight, pink shirt with a heart where her cleavage
would be, were her shirt cut low.

&quot;Amanda, when
you leave here, you will not drive home, you will drive to my place. You will
strip nude in your car, placing all your clothes in a pile in the passenger
seat. Your keys will be put on the small table near the door, after you enter
the unlocked front door. You will walk into the living room. In the center of
the living room, you will face the doorway you came from. You will get on your
knees and spread them as far as you can while balancing. You will rest your ass
on your heels. You will place your hands on the top of your head and point your
elbows away from your body. You will not say a word that whole time, and you
will not be able to until I tell you that you can speak. You will be fully
aware of how un-ordinary what you're doing is, but you will have no power to
stop yourself from doing it. If any woman walks by you, you will smack her ass
as hard as you can without falling.&quot;

I started time and
apologized to Amanda, telling her that Susan had a problem that I had to help
her deal with. I explained it away as some boy trouble. Amanda got a grin she
tried to hide and accepted the apology. I walked over to Susan and quietly told
her to act completely natural, not to let Amanda on to anything having to do
with us or what we did last night or today. I left the store and went home. I
pulled into the garage like normal, went up to make sure the front door was
unlocked, and went to bed. I had, indeed, worn myself out.

&nbsp;

End Part 7











My Awakening











My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 8

&nbsp;

I woke up to some loud sound. A door shutting... or
opening. In my groggy pseudo-sleep, I wasn't sure which. Hell, it may have been
part of a dream. Whatever it was, I was awake. I rolled over a couple times,
considering exactly what I'd do tonight. Though, I didn't know what I had
around to play with, either. I stopped time, and got up. The blanket stayed
where I threw it, over one side of the bed in mid air. Oh well, I left it there
and left my room. I walked down the stairs to the hallway from the front door,
and turned to the kitchen, then went down the stairs to the room to the garage,
and I saw my cop slave carrying a box towards the stairs. The door wasn't
closed all the way, so I went outside and looked in her car. It wasn't her
cruiser, but I assumed her normal car. A Cavalier, full of boxes.

I went back inside and pulled down her pants. She was
wearing a T-shirt and some loose sweat pants. Of course, she was not wearing
any underwear. Her ass had red and purple stripes across it. There were so
many, they crossed and blurred near the middle of each cheek. There was
something a little sticky and shiny on her ass, then I recalled my order
earlier that day. I spanked each cheek hard once and pulled her pants back up.

&quot;You should have spent more time observing. I do
not want you to ever wear clothes in this house. I don't even want you to have
clothes on in the garage. The instant even your big toe is inside this house,
you will have already taken off all of your clothes, unless expressly told by
me to put something on. I never stated the rule, so those slaps were a warning
for future infraction of the rule. This is what you will realize, and you will
go back outside, take off your clothes, then continue as you were. You may,
however, have your clothes inside to wash and store, but nothing else. When
you're done with what you're doing, go upstairs and cook a dinner large enough
to serve six, but that can be stored for seconds in case not that many people
show up.&quot;

I went back outside, and looked around. From the top
of the driveway, only a small portion of the road below could be seen, thanks
in part to a couple large trees along the driveway and some along the road.
There was room for two cars to park at the top of the drive-way, then two spots
in the garage. I considered building a fence around my front yard. My back yard
was completely private, due to a hill leading to a forest in back, then a fence
on the side with the drive-way, and a natural shrub and tree blockade of the
other side. The fence continued down either side of my property, to near the
road. It was six feet tall and wooden. I thought about having it painted. 

I went back inside, and up the stairs, through the
kitchen, into the living room. Amanda was facing my left, towards the hall
leading from the kitchen to the front door, where an archway opened into the
living room. She was completely nude, on her knees, hands on her head, limbs
spread out from her body and exposing her as a good slave would be. She looked
incredibly worried. It was cool in my house, but she was sweating. Her C rack
was firm and shapely, due to her age. She had a landing strip, leading down to
a small mound. She was equal in beauty to the blond, being a nine at worst. She
was obviously very tense.

&quot;Amanda, You have a problem. You cannot get
enough cum. It's the best thing you've ever tasted, and you're addicted to it.
Whenever you see male cum, especially my cum, you will do everything in your
power to drink all of it, or as much as you can reasonably get. Whenever you
see a dick, you have the strongest urge, like the compelling of a drug
addiction, to suck on it for the cum. You will do anything to make the dick
cum. It's much more important, after all, for the dick to cum, than for you to
drink the cum. You want the dick to cum more than you want to drink it, but
once it does cum, you will do anything you can think of and are allowed to do
to drink the cum. By this, I mean that you will do anything told or asked to
get the dick to cum, and you must do whatever told or asked before allowed to
drink the cum. The person who came is the one to give you permission. It's
implied you're allowed to drink cum that is in your mouth or is on you. This
craving is the most sexually arousing thing you can think of, though a dick
cumming, and the flavor of cum, are exponentially better and more arousing than
even an orgasm. You want my cum at least thrice as badly as any other. You
cannot ever break this addiction, and you will never consider trying. Also,
every time I touch you, you become aroused.&quot;

I happened to glance out the window just then, and
saw A small red car about to turn into my drive-way. I missed it earlier
because of the trees. The brunette and blond were in it. There were boxes in
the back. Ha ha. I hadn't yet considered exactly where all of everyone's things
would go. Oh well.

I went to my room and got on my computer. I started
time. This way, everyone who was about to be here would be, and I could check
my email, and what-not. I heard a shout from near the garage, and something hit
the floor. I assumed it was the cop, feeling the smacks and dropping her box.
The door opened and shut a couple times, and I could hear talking. I wondered
what the cop was talking with the blond and brunette about, so I went over to
my door and opened it a crack so I could listen.

&quot;He never told us that.&quot;

&quot;Well... he never actually told me,
either.&quot;

&quot;Then how do you know it's a rule?!&quot;

&quot;Well, just a couple moments ago, I... I got...
I was spanked. I don't know how, but then I knew the rule. I just... knew it,
after that.&quot;

&quot;Well, I'm not taking my clothes off just
because you say I should. I'll do it when that's what I'm told.&quot;

&quot;What the hell are you two talking about?
He?&quot;

&quot;Master.&quot;, came two voices.

&quot;Who's Mast...&quot; I stopped time and went
down to the room they were in, the one right at the garage. Each of them had a
box in their hands.

I whispered to the brunette, &quot;I am your master,
and everyone else's master who lives in this house. You do everything I say,
and you will now realize when I say something and you begin doing it, unless I
say 'Simon says', beforehand.&quot; I raised my voice to say to all of them,
&quot;Anything you hear from another of my slaves about a rule, you will
believe them and act accordingly.&quot;

I took the box from the blond's hands, and pulled
down her skirt. I lifted her shirt and bra up to uncover her breasts. I went
around her and slapped each of her ass-cheeks as hard as I could. Back on the
other side, I did the same with her tits. I pinched her nipples and pulled her
tits out, then slapped them again. I spanked her a couple more times. Then, I
slapped her once across the face. I replaced the box in her hands and fixed her
clothes.

&quot;You now know that you are not allowed to wear
clothes in this house, as the cop just told you the rule.&quot; I went back
upstairs and got back on my computer, and started time. I heard the blond
scream and something hit the ground, then I heard the door slam. The other two
talked quietly, wondering what happened. I heard a car door opened and shut.
The door opened back up, and the blond said that the rule was real, in a shaken
voice. I heard the door again, but quieter, and it took more time. The cop and
the blond started talking. I stopped paying attention.

After a while of the door opening and closing, things
being taken to the basement, it stopped. After another short while, I heard a
loud smack from the living room, and then a loud cuss from a young, feminine
mouth. I heard another smack and someone started yelling. I walked down the
stairs, into the living room, and the blond was standing about three feet from
Amanda, pointing her finger at her and yelling that she'd better not try that
again. The brunette was right behind her, watching. I could see the cop
standing in front of the stove looking towards the living room from the
hallway, before I entered the room.

&quot;What's going on here?&quot; I asked.

Everyone turned to me, but nobody as animated as the
blond, &quot;She slapped my ass hard! Twice!&quot;, she held up two fingers,
then turned back to Amanda and took a step towards her with a raised fist.
Amanda slapped her ass as soon as it was in range. She had a horror stricken
face and was shaking. The blond swung her fist at Amanda's face. I froze time
immediately. I grabbed the blond's hand and pulled out two fingers from the
fist. I spit on them, and pulled her arm around herself and placed the two
fingers in her own ass. I started time.

The blond's arm wrenched in her ass as she screamed,
and she buckled over backwards falling flat on her back. By the time she was on
the floor, her right hand was in front of her face and she was staring at it in
amazement, while her other hand was rubbing her asshole. The brunette moved to
help her up, but I motioned for her not to.

&quot;What the fuck?!&quot; The blond began shouting.

&quot;None of my slaves are allowed to harm any of my
other slaves unless I tell them to, no exceptions. What happened to your hand
was my doing. I have ultimate power over my slaves, so you'd better fucking
behave, got me?&quot;

&quot;Yes master!&quot; The blond shouted out, scared
that if she didn't say it loudly something else bad might happen.

&quot;Blond, go help the cop with dinner.&quot;

The blond got up, avoided my gaze, and raced to the
kitchen. I could hear her start talking with the cop, but I didn't care about
that conversation. I looked up to the brunette, who looked fearfully at me.

&quot;Sit in the chair facing this newest slave. Say
and do nothing until I give you permission.&quot; The brunette sat down, and I
turned to Amanda. She was breathing slowly but heavily, licking her lips. She
was staring at my dick. Her nipples were hard, and her mound had turned a deep
pink. I approached her slowly, and she looked up at my eyes, opening her mouth.
She had a pleading look, then she looked back at my dick as though she was
having a hard time looking anywhere else. I got six inches from her, and she
moved her head forward, stretching her neck as far as she could. She got very
close, less than an inch. She stuck out her tongue and began licking my dick softly.

Of course that was turning me on, so I started
getting hard.� I moved back a bit when she tried to use her tongue to get my
dick in her mouth, and she looked back up at my eyes, begging me with her look.
I walked over to the chair, and the brunette looked up at me.

&quot;Lay down on the floor in front of the chair
with your feet pointing away from it, head about a foot away.&quot; As she
began doing that, I stopped time and turned to Amanda. &quot;Amanda, you will
come over to the chair and set your pussy on the brunette's mouth and not move
it even an inch. In fact, it will be as though you're paralyzed from the waste
down, though you will be able to feel everything. You can otherwise move
normally. You will only regain control of your legs when you agree that you will
forever be my slave slut, doing anything I ever tell you, no questions
asked.&quot;

I started time, and the brunette got on the floor as
I said. Amanda got up, walked over to in front of the chair staring at my dick
the whole way, and got in the position I told her to get in. I sat in the chair
in front of her. She had her arms to her sides, and she was staring at my dick
like she was famished, and it was her only source of nutrition in the whole
world. She was holding her head inches from my erect dick, and she looked up at
me pleadingly, but then looked back to my dick. She seemed completely unable to
look away from it for any meaningful length of time. &quot;Megan, eat out this
bitch's cunt like your life depended on it.&quot;

Amanda got a weird look on her face, but then she
seemed like she was enjoying the brunette's cunnilingus. &quot;Amanda, suck my
dick.&quot; At my command she immediately went to work on my dick, and she
seemed like it was the funnest and sexiest thing she'd ever done. She even
seemed to enjoy rubbing my balls and touching my dick with her other hand. In
fact, she had an orgasm in under a minute. I turned on the TV and watched some
crappy prime-time. I got close to cumming and then just controlled my orgasm to
keep on the edge. I wasn't paying much attention to the TV, then. I watched as
Amanda sucked my dick. She seemed like her only reason for living was to make
me cum, and she seemed to be a bit worried that I hadn't, yet.

Just then, The cop and the blond walked into the
living room and announced that dinner was set and ready.

&quot;Cop, go sit at your place. Blond, come over
here and face the way I am, put your legs over the arms of the chair, and lower
your cunt onto my dick, then fuck it furiously.&quot;

The cop left the room, but the blond walked over to
the side of the chair and did as I said. Amanda actually leaned back and helped
aim my dick for the blond's pussy. She continued playing with my balls. Looking
from around the blond, I watched her watching the blond's pussy, waiting for me
to cum. The blond was going wild on my dick, and she seemed to be enjoying it.
I reached around and played with her tits, pulling on her nipples, pinching,
massaging, etc. I was still on the edge.

&quot;blond, beg me to cum deep in your pussy, and,
IF I do, hold it in there and stay were you are.&quot;

&quot;Please cum in my pussy, Master! Please, please,
please!&quot; The blond continued for about ten minutes, I kept playing with
her tits and she had two orgasms. At the end of those ten minutes, I came in
her pussy. I pulled out and she stayed there. I looked around and Amanda was
staring at the blond's pussy and my dick, licking her lips. She looked at me,
pleadingly. She had an orgasm, then looked back at my dick and the cum on it in
amazement and lust.

&quot;Amanda, I will allow you to lick my dick clean
after eating all the cum out of this blonds pussy if, and only IF, you make
this promise to me. When you make the promise, you will be given more cum in
the future, but on my whim. You must promise to be my slave, to call me nothing
other than 'Master', and to do my bidding without question, no matter what that
bidding is.&quot;

Amanda looked up at me, and she looked exceptionally
scared. She glanced back at my dick, and then back to me. She shook her head up
and down vigorously, and I told her she could eat my cum. She didn't hesitate
for a moment, she dove into the blond's pussy, eating as much of the cum as she
could reach with her tongue. She even tried to suck it out of her vagina. While
she did that, she had another orgasm. When her orgasm ended, she began licking
and sucking my dick, getting the cum off of it. I used my healing power thing
to instantly restore my dick. It became erect immediately, while in her mouth,
and she began sucking on it excitedly.

&quot;Megan, blond, go sit at the table.&quot;

They did as I commanded, and Amanda kept working my
dick as though it was the most fantastic thing she had ever done.

&quot;Amanda, sit on my lap facing me and fuck my
dick with your ass.&quot; Amanda looked up at me, shocked and scared, but she
kept jacking me off. She was pleading with her eyes not to have to do as I
said. I slapped her hard across the face. She looked at me even more shocked,
but she kept jacking me off. I slapped her again and added, &quot;I control
when I cum. I will not cum unless you fuck my dick with your ass. If you do not
do as I say, I will never allow you to eat my cum again, or to even see me cum.
You are my slave, you do exactly as I say, without hesitation, do you have
that?&quot;

She nodded 'yes', then got up on the chair with her
feet on either side of me. She was holding herself there by the back of the
chair, and used her right hand to hold my dick towards her ass. She slowly put
the head of my dick in her ass. She was looking me in the face the whole time,
pleadingly. She went about another inch, then started slowly moving up and down
for about that inch while rubbing my balls with her hand that was holding my
dick. She had a grimace on her face, and looked like she was about to cry.

&quot;Sit down all the way on my dick, and fuck the
whole god-damned length, bitch!&quot;, I shouted at her. I pinched her nipples
and pulled her tits. She slouched forward to keep pressure off her tits, but
began to slide down my dick. She was going very slowly, though. Her grimace
grew as she went down, but she didn't cry. She moved down and inch or so, then
paused for a second. She continued moving down, then rested for a second after
about each inch. When she got down to the very last inch, she pressed down,
then got a pain-filled and shocked look. She jumped up a bit, then pushed back
down to where she was. She pushed again, and did the same thing. She stayed
where she was, at the last inch, and looked pleadingly at me.

I grabbed her hips, and pushed her down the rest of
the way. She opened her mouth as though to yell and threw her head back. She
stopped playing with my balls for a bit. I slapped her, and she began to play
with them. I pulled her up to my dick head, then pushed her all the way back
down a couple times. She had the same reaction each time, but she still played
with my balls. Her nipples were still erect and her pussy pink and moist,
though. I kept doing it, and her reaction lessened each time. After a while,
she was humping my whole dick with her ass under her own power. She began
staring me in the eyes, licking her lips, pleading for me to cum. I hung on
edge for a couple minutes, telling her to go faster. After a bit, she seemed to
be enjoying it. I held her down as I came, and I came for a good two minutes.
For the last half minute, she rubbed her pussy furiously. She was cumming when
I lifted her off my dick. She, during the last few seconds of her orgasm,
reached to her asshole.

&quot;Do not drink any of that yet!&quot; I commanded
her, and she looked pleadingly again as she played with her asshole, with the
cum on it. She was holding it shut to not spill any. I shoved her off the
chair, and she landed roughly. I told her to stay there, and went into the
kitchen. The girls at the table looked at me. I told them to reheat the food if
it was getting cold. They began doing that, while I grabbed a cup. I returned
to the living room and handed Amanda the cup, &quot;Go to the bathroom, and
fill this with the cum in your ass. It is the drink you'll have with dinner.
You can only drink it after taking your first bite.&quot;

She ran to the bathroom. I sat down at my spot, and
the girls had all the food back where it was by the time Amanda got back. We
had chicken and noodles. Amanda took a bite with her bare hands, then began to
drink the whitish-yellow liquid from her cup. She drank it slowly, and
masturbated while she did. She had three orgasms in the three minutes it took
her to drink it all. She scooped what she could out of the cup with her hand
and ate up what she could get that way. That took her ten minutes. I couldn't
tell there was anything in the cup to begin with by the time she was done. She
looked at the cup for a moment, then looked up at the people around the table,
watching her. I was the only one eating, the other girls seemed confused and
weirded out. She got red and covered up her tits and pussy, then ran into the
living room, towards the hall to the door.

&quot;Come back here, slave!&quot; I shouted. She
stuck her head around the corner, not letting anyone look at her. She looked
scared and unsure of herself.

&quot;Sit at your place and eat. You will accompany
me to bed tonight, so stay here tonight.&quot;

Amanda sat back down and poked at her food, taking
bites once in a while, with the same ashamed and scared face, watching as the
other girls glanced at her and ate their own food.

By the time everyone was done eating and the table
was cleaned, I looked at the clock. It was nine PM.

&quot;Alright, girls, go get your clothes and meet me
in the garage in ten minutes.&quot;

I took a fast shower and got dressed in casual
clothes. When I got to the garage, all the girls were nude and holding the
clothes they had when they got here. I had them all get in my car, and we went
to the mall. Before getting out of the car, I had them dress. They talked a
bit, mostly they gave Amanda advice on how to serve me, and that seemed
extraordinarily hot. It was almost ten, and the mall speaker system announced
that the mall would be closing in five minutes. We got to the lingerie store as
they were pulling the metal shutters down. I stopped time.

I got under the shutters, and said to the girl
pulling them down &quot;You will let us in. We are honored guests. In fact, we
are as royalty, here. You know you must be absolutely nude when I enter the
store, and you will apologize if you're not completely naked when I enter. You
will refer to me as 'Sir', and bow each time you address me. The standard store
hours mean nothing in reference to me, you will serve me in the best way
possible, and everything I get will be on the house. Though you know that those
with me are my slaves, you are but their humble servant, proud to serve even my
slaves, as I am so very important. Each time I'm about ready to leave with
whatever I get, you will ask me, graciously, if I could please rate your
service. When you ask me that, you will bend over so that your torso is
parallel with the ground, holding yourself up with your hands on your ankles.
You will spread your legs so that I have easy access to your pussy and ass, and
you will hold your head up with your mouth open. If I allow you to give me
head, you didn't do as well as you should have, and you will feel extreme
shame, though you will complete the head and swallow all of my cum. If I fuck
your pussy, your service was acceptable. If I fuck your ass, you will feel
extraordinarily proud of yourself. You will have the highest euphoria you've
ever had due to how proud you are of your service. You will do anything I ask
to the best of your ability so that your service is rated well. Oh, also,
whenever I'm here, the store closes so that it can better serve exclusively me
and my slaves.&quot;

I got back under the shutters and back where I was
when I stopped time, and started time back up again. The shutter paused for a
moment and was raised quickly. The blond sales-woman had big eyes and hurriedly
began stripping out of her black formal clothes. First she shoved her long
skirt down to the ground, then pulled down her panties and stockings. She
unbuckled her high heels and stepped out of her shoes and garments at the same
time. When she got back up, I could see that she had a wide landing strip. She
quickly pulled her turtle neck over her head, but I was in the doorway before
it was off. She began apologizing as she placed it on the ground and quickly
pulled off her bra, dropping it on the pile of clothes. Her glasses stayed on.
She had a B cup, and she kept herself in good shape.

&quot;Sir, I am terribly sorry that I was not nude
when you arrived,&quot; she began as she bowed, &quot;but I was about to close,
and I was not aware that you were coming, today.&quot; After my slaves got in
the store, the sales woman pulled down the shutter and locked it.

&quot;I will forgive you today, but only if you allow
me to kick your snatch.&quot;

&quot;Of course, Sir, anything.&quot; She replied,
even though she had an incredibly worried look on her face. She spread her legs
and crossed her arms under her tits. I got positioned and ready, and I looked
her in the eye. She looked tense and scared, staring at my foot. I stepped in
and delivered a kick to her exposed mound. She bounced up, then crumpled to the
floor breathing heavily and moaning, holding her snatch. She stood back up a
bit later, and still held her snatch. She had a look of pain on her face and
kept shifting her weight as though that might help, but asked me what I was
looking for, today.

&quot;I'm looking for some beachwear that will show
off the bodies of my slaves, for when we go to the beach tomorrow.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; She lead us to the back where
the beachwear was. There were four racks of it, and it came in all different
shapes and sizes.

I motioned at the racks while looking at the group of
my slaves, &quot;Take off your clothes and pick whatever swimming suits you
want. However, they must be extremely revealing. So revealing that you will get
embarrassed when you wear them, and a false move may just reveal more than is
legal. Get something that you would consider too revealing or dirty even to use
as lingerie. Try them on and show me so that I can approve.&quot;

As they stripped and began looking through the
selection, I turned to the sales-woman. She was watching the girls and turned
to look at me when she noticed I was looking at her. She was still rubbing her
cunt to help the pain. She bowed, &quot;May I help you with anything else, Sir?&quot;

&quot;Not right now.&quot; I told her, as I grabbed
the arm she was using to rub her pussy. She looked at me questioningly, but
allowed me to move her arm. I placed my hand where hers was, and rubbed in the
same manner she was, &quot;How badly does it hurt?&quot;

&quot;Very badly, Sir. In fact, I think it was the
worst pain I've ever felt.&quot; She began to shift her weight as I rubbed, as
though I was doing it too hard. I placed my fingers firmly and evenly along her
cunt, and my palm was firm just above it. She sighed, but made no move to stop
me. I slowly pressed harder, and harder. She tilted her head and breathed a bit
heaver. She shut her eyes for a couple seconds, then looked back to me. As I
pressed, she began to stand on her toes. I was mostly holding her up to stand
on her toes, instead of simply pressing, when she got as high as I thought she
could maintain. I played with her ass-cheeks and tits for a couple minutes with
my free hand.

&quot;Actually,&quot; I began, &quot;you should try
something on the same way I'm having them do it, you look to be the same size
as one of my slaves.&quot; I let her go, and she replaced her hand on her
mound.

&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot; she bowed and began looking
through the racks. Just then, the blond walked up to me.

&quot;Is this revealing enough, Master?&quot;, she
asked as she turned slowly. At the base of her neck was where her black suit
started. It circled her neck and formed the beginning of tight sleeves. From
the bottom of the sleeves came a strap that widened as it went across her tits,
though it only got about two inches thick. In the center of the neck, and
attached to the strap across her tits, was a strap about that wide that ran
down the length of her front, covered her pussy with about an inch of material,
then ran back up her back as a thong, and widened to two inches at the neck again.
A thinner version of the front straps repeated on the back.

&quot;That's perfect, go wait at the counter.&quot;
The blond walked over to the counter and leaned against it, watching over at
the rest of us.

The brunette came up to me, and asked if what she got
was good enough. She turned around to show off what she got. She had a more or
less standard thong on. It was black with yellow edges, and it was pretty
small. Her top, however, covered most of her gorgeous tits. I told her to find
a different top, or something altogether different. She needs to show off more
of her tits.

Amanda approached me and turned. It was a thong
composed almost entirely of black string. The strings met in the back within
her ass crack, probably half her crack was above it. The strings went over her
hips and back down the front, not meeting until past the pussy, but about half
an inch above the pussy another string went across, and red material covered
the pussy. The top was like a standard bikini top made of those same kinds of
strings at the bottom, but the red part over the tits was much smaller,
covering only the nipples and about half an inch from either as it came to the
points of the triangles.

&quot;That's wonderful, go wait with the blond.&quot;

The brunette came back wearing the same bottom. The
top had the same colors as the bottom, and the same basic style as the top she
just had, but the triangles didn't cover all of her areolas.

&quot;Yes, that will do, go wait at the
counter.&quot; She joined the other two with acceptable suits.

The sales-woman approached me, turning in the same
basic show as the others, and asked if what she picked out was good enough. She
was wearing a red bikini. The top had the same basic design as any other bikini
top, except the triangle had no material in between the strings from the bottom
string all the way to just above where her areolas started, and the sides and
top didn't cover all of the rest of her areolas. The bottoms were a string
thong, and it had a string crossing above the pussy. From the center of that
string, another string ran down the center of the front, matching where her
pussy's opening was, and almost exactly where her pussy started, another cross
string was. It had material where two triangles formed on either side of of the
center string, almost exactly covering her pussy, with no room to move without
revealing her pussy lips at all. The center string was tight, and gave her an
obvious camel toe.

&quot;That will do for Susan. Go wait for me behind
the counter.&quot; She walked over to the counter, stripping off the bikini she
was displaying. She got to the counter and put it in a bag, which she placed on
the counter.

The police woman was the last to come show me her
bikini. She turned like the others and simply waited for my reply. She was
wearing what I'm pretty sure is called a 'sling-shot bikini'. Two thin white
and black straps ran down from her shoulders, over her nipples. The straps
covered all of her areolas, but exactly. They ran down and met at about half an
inch above her pussy. They ran as a thong back up her ass, immediately parted
at the top of her ass crack, and ran the rest of the way as the straps as
they'd be at the top of her shoulders.

&quot;Yes, that's good.&quot; I walked with her to
the counter. The sales-woman pressed some buttons, and the drawer opened.

She shut the drawer with a big friendly smile and
said, &quot;We're all set. It's always on the house for you, Sir.&quot; She
walked over to the door next to the shutter and bent over grabbing her ankles.
She looked up at me and said, &quot;Would you please rate the service you
received today, Sir?&quot;, with that same friendly smile, which she opened
widely. The girls began to walk over to get their clothes.

I looked at them and said, &quot;No, you will leave
those clothes there.&quot; I walked over to the sales-lady and whipped out my
dick. Amanda keeled down beside me and stared at my dick, then looked at me
with her pleading look. I turned to the side with my dick six inches in front
of the sales-lady's face. I nodded at Amanda, and she began working my dick
furiously. The sales-lady watched, with her mouth open, waiting with a
semi-disappointed look on her face. I told Amanda to stay where she was, and I
walked behind the sales-lady. She seemed to get happy, but I couldn't tell, not
being able to see her face. I placed my dick head against her asshole and
pressed.

As I pressed she said happily, &quot;We pride
ourselves on our service! Thank you for your positive feedback!&quot; I got it
all the way in by the time she was done talking. I fucked her ass slowly, at
the beginning. I got close to orgasm, so I held myself on edge. I hurried my
pace, and the feeling was better than I've ever felt it. Still not as good as
an orgasm, but it was like the beginning of an orgasm, as long as I wanted. I
fucked her ass for a while more. There was no meaningful telling of time going
to happen for me right then. I humped harder and harder. For some reason, I
simply didn't get tired or worn out in any way. The girls wandered around the
store the whole time. They held various conversations, but I wasn't paying much
attention.

I happened to glance at the only window into the
place from the interior of the mall, which was behind a rack of clothes. There
was a man there... the janitor. I picked up the sales-lady and carried her over
to the window, shoving the rack out of the way. I placed her ass facing towards
the window, and pulled out until just my head was in her ass. I moved to the
side so that the fat man could see that I was fucking her ass. I was still on
edge, and slowly fucked her form that angle. Her sphincter was puffy and red. I
then got back behind her, turned her slightly to the side, and kept going.
After a while, the janitor left. A while later, he reappeared with a skinnier,
taller friend.

I told the girls to stand opposite me and dance in
their new swimming suits. I kept going. I was in extacy, and I just kept going,
having no idea what time it was. At some point, the men reappeared. I never
noticed them disappear, but oh well. I noticed right when I decided to have my
orgasm. I pushed my dick in all the way, and squirted all over her intestines.
I squirted for uncounted moments lasting, I'm sure, longer than any orgasm I've
ever had before. I couldn't tell how long it lasted, but when I looked at the
clock, it said it was almost midnight. I pulled out of her.

&quot;Thank you for stopping by tonight! I look
forward to serving you in the future.&quot; said the sales-woman. She reached
behind herself and touched her sphincter. She jumped with a painful grimace
when she did, but then she simply waved us good-bye.

&quot;If anyone ever tries to get you in trouble or
fired for this, have them call me.&quot; I told her, as I handed her a piece of
paper with my number on it.

&quot;Certainly, Sir, as you wish.&quot; She bowed
and watched us leave.

As we walked through the closed mall, the two men
approached. We were about half way to the doors we were going to at the time.
Amanda hid behind me, covering herself up, and the cop acted completely
natural. The blond and brunette seemed a bit embarrassed, but only fidgeted.
The first man, the older, fat one, asked how I managed to get that stuck up
broad in the lingerie shop to not only put out, but to let me fuck her ass.

&quot;I'm a very special customer. These girls are my
slaves, you see?&quot; I motioned vaguely towards the girls, &quot;Something
about me makes women want to submit to me. The woman in the store is no
exception.&quot;

&quot;How do you do that, though.&quot;

&quot;It's not something you can learn. You either
have it or you do not.&quot;

&quot;Well, I'm sure there's something you could tell
us about it.&quot;, He glanced at the cop obviously, &quot;Do we have to beat
girls to get them to do as we say?&quot;

&quot;Hrm... be the grand-son of a fallen
angel.&quot; I began to walk around them, and the girls followed me. Then I
heard a scream and some gasps. I turned around and the fat one had grabbed the
brunette's arm, twisting it and bending her over. The taller janitor was
holding the blond by the waist, and he had a knife to her throat. The fat one
pulled out a knife, too, holding it to the brunette's stomach. Of course, the
girls were freaking out, but didn't dare move.

&quot;Fine, if you won't tell us how to get what we
want, we'll just take it!&quot; The fat one said, as he started backing up
slowly, the taller one following his lead.

&quot;Okay,&quot; I said, &quot;take them.&quot;, and
I stopped time. I walked back to the lingerie shop. The door was unlocked, so I
walked in and got behind the counter. The sales-lady was counting her drawer. I
turned to the side of the wall where their selection of dildos was. This was a
lingerie shop, but an up-scale one. The dildos were sold here only due to
demand, the guy who owns the place would rather not have them. He always seemed
like an odd guy for that reason, but whatever. I'd be lying if I ever said I
know what makes something classy. I prefer things be what they are without
illusion or show, usually. Anyway, I got five dildos.

I opened the packages, and put the packages in the
garbage. I got some of the lube, opened it, and put some on two of the dildos.
I opened up the sales-lady's mouth, being careful not to hurt her, and put one
in. I lifted her off the chair and pulled up her skirt. I cut holes in her
hosiery and cut off her panties with some scissors she had on the counter, and
placed each of the lubed dildos in one of her nether holes. The dildos were
only seven inches long, so I shoved them as far as I could without them being
irretrievable. I fixed her clothes and set her back down.

&quot;You can only remove those once you're home.
Each time one falls out, spank yourself hard twice, and replace it. Each night,
you will use them all at the same time as you are now, as practice to better
serve me, the man of your dreams. Good night, and lock the door.&quot;

I grabbed the other two dildos and walked back to
where the men were holding the girls. I leaned in close to each of them and
removed the knives. I replaced each with a dildo. I also grabbed each of the
men's wallets from their back pockets. I threw the knives away and got back
where I was before stopping time. I palmed the wallets so that they'd be out of
sight. I started time.

&quot;But be done with them in half an hour. Don't do
anything funny, I know where you each live.&quot; I tossed their wallets on the
ground in front of them. They looked down at the wallets, and back at me. The
tall one realized his knife changed first, being that he could see the &quot;handle&quot;.
He moved it to the side, and realized what it was. The fat one saw, too, then
checked his own. They each dropped their dildos and released the girl they were
holding. The two girls quickly joined Amanda behind me, and the cop stood her
ground next to me, in some sort of martial arts stance.

&quot;You had your chance, I'd have let you take
them.&quot; I walked away and motioned for the girls to join me.

From behind me, I heard one of the men say &quot;Holy
shit... these are our wallets!&quot;

The girls wore their new bikinis all the way home,
but barely anyone was out at that time to notice. I had them lay them out for
the next day, and I had Amanda call her home, saying she was staying at her
boyfriend's place that night. She got in some fight with her mom, but she
stayed at my place in the end. Shortly after getting home, Susan showed up. I
was in bed with Amanda, by then. She crawled into bed with me, on the opposite
side of me as Amanda. I went to sleep.

&nbsp;

End Part 8














My Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-08-19T22:21:00Z
  2006-08-19T22:21:00Z
  1
  4435
  25286
   
  210
  59
  29662
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Awakening

&nbsp;

Part 9

&nbsp;

I woke up quickly.
Something was wrong. Something was threatening me and I wasn't where I should
be. I knew this all within the moment of waking up. Maybe it was the reason I
awoke. I opened my eyes. Everything was wrong. I was not in my room, though I
was. Everything lacked color, even for the middle of the night. I got up. I got
up too quickly, as though the thought of getting up was enough to actually do
it, physical movement irrelevant. I was standing on my bed, and I noticed a
person floating by the foot of my bed. She was a glowing thing, who lacked form
until I looked at her. When she had form, she was beautiful. She had long,
flowing air that seemed to be floating about her head as though she were
swimming, which was a pearly, glowing blond. In fact, her whole form was
glowing slightly. Her skin was soft and perfect, though it, too, was pearly.
She was wearing an intricate,white, gold-trimmed, robe that showed off her
beauty while hiding it. She had large, feathery wings.

You have violated
mortals. You have warped their minds to further your unholy lusts. You are
villainous. I will give you one chance to repent.

Her words were
unspoken, but they were obviously hers. I'm usually a somewhat reasonable guy,
but I was infuriated by her mere presence. I felt like I should teach her a
lesson for annoying me and interrupting my aims without warning. My body was
changing. No, it was... materializing. I lacked a form until that moment. I was
like myself, but different. I felt at home in the form I was becoming. I had
become massive, my anger could be felt as heat. My body, as I could see it, was
powerfully muscled, covered in red scales, and I had a dark power radiating
from it. My arms, however, didn't quite have a form. I could... shape them with
my mind. Another interesting quality of this body; My groin was the same as my
arms. I shaped the areas in the first way I thought to. My arms were long
tendrils, numbering six per side. My groin was the same, the tendrils being
huge phallus es. I laughed a roar.

This is no joke,
repent or die.

I said, in the same
sort of non-voice as she did, though it was more masculine and malevolent, You'll
have to give me a moment. You see, I'm a tentacle monster, something I never
thought existed, let alone thought I was.

Vile creature!
Die! From somewhere behind herself,
she drew a large, fiery sword. She did not look to have the strength to hold
it, but she was about to cut me in half. I used my tentacle arms to grab her
arms and legs before she could actually swing her weapon at me. She looked
furious, and tried to pummel me with her wings, which I now realized were very
large. I used some of my arms to grab her wings. I was amazingly strong in this
form. I was holding her immobile. I added a tendril to each leg, just to be
safe. I wrapped my tendrils around her limbs, squeezing them. She dropped her
sword, and it disappeared.

How have you
attained such power in so short a time, demon?

I don't know,
whore.

She seemed ashamed,
she knew what I was going to do. She was angry. I could feel her anger. She
would not look at me. I forced her head my direction. You will suffer for
your insolence, I told her. My two free tentacles ripped her robe off of
her and I spread her limbs far apart. She had huge breasts for her size, larger
than her head, and they were perky as though they defied gravity. Though,
gravity seemed to hold little sway in that false reality, wherever I was. I
wrapped one of my free tentacles around her head , to keep it my direction. The
last tentacle I wrapped tightly around her torso, and I squeezed her so that,
had she needed to breath, she would be unable to. She seemed mostly
uncomfortable, though. Good.

I am Mishilaka,
holy angel of the third chorus. Though I am defeated, your fate is sealed in
your act.

Shut up, I moved my phallic tentacles towards her. The first
rubbed her cunt, which seemed mortal enough in composition. Another went up to
her mouth. Her mouth was closed, but my tentacles were strong. Very strong. It
forced it's way in. I fucked her throat with it. Again, if she needed to breath,
she would be in trouble, but it was obvious now that she did not. I loved that
picture. Her mouth wasn't particularly large, and my tentacle was stretching
her mouth out. She was crying. Two of my phallic tentacles I used to wrap
around the base of her breasts tightly. They ballooned with the force, until
they felt hard. It was apparent that, while she didn't need to breath in the
normal sense, she did have a circulatory system. Her limbs and tits began
turning red, darkening slowly.

I moved another tentacle
to her ass. She did have one, I discovered. The tentacle at her pussy and the
one at her ass I shoved in hard and quickly, at the same time. She had a look
full of pain, but made no noise. I fucked her pussy and ass as hard as I could.
I pumped the tentacles around her tits, keeping them tight. That felt good, but
not as good as ravaging her holes. I still had an extra tentacle. I decided I'd
see how stretchy she was, so I shoved it in her cunt. It was actually difficult
to do. She still looked like she was in pain. The thought pleased me. I had a
horrible hatred towards her. I sprouted two extra tendrils from my arms, and
began to beat her while I fucked her. I concentrated my assault on her breasts
and ass, but I eventually assaulted every part of her body. She simply watched
me with hatred and pain in her eyes the whole time.

I paused time. It
worked. That odd place didn't prevent me from doing that. You are my wholly
obedient slave. If I ever tell you to do anything, you will do your best to do
it. If you fail, you will immediately report to me for your punishment. You
will no longer attempt to slay me, but you will argue on my behalf, regardless
circumstances, in all ways. I started time. The hatred in her eyes changed.
She was now in pain, while seeming apologetic. The tentacle in her mouth came,
and it felt better than any orgasm I had ever had before. I replaced it with
one of the ones around her tits. That gave me an idea. I began to circulate
tentacles. The one from her mouth went to her right tit, the one from her right
tit to her left. The one on her left tit would enter her cunt, and one from her
cunt would enter her ass, the one that was previously in there would rotate up
to her mouth. I did this for some long amount of time, though I wasn't sure if
time had a standard meaning. Each tentacle took each position at least four
times, though. It seemed like hours. I eventually came, from all tentacles, at
the same time. I released her, retracting all of my tentacles. She fell to the
ground in a puddle of cum, exhausted. She slowly got to her knees and bowed. I
apologize, Master. I will do everything in my power to earn your favor. She
disappeared. Satisfied in my victory, I consciously left here, to reality. I
fell down onto my bed, and bounced. I was in my normal, physical, body, with
two women sleeping next to me.

I got up quietly,
wondering if what I just experienced actually happened. It seemed in every way
real, but it could have easily been a dream. I heard a car door outside, and
walked towards my bedroom door, on my way to the room leading to the garage. I
stepped in a puddle at the foot of my bed. It was sticky and slimy. I paused
and wiped some from my foot onto my hand. I smelled it. It smelled salty. Well,
I wasn't going to assume that's what it would be, had my cum from my...
dream... thing seeped into reality, onto my floor, so I walked downstairs, to
wait for whomever just arrived.

The doorbell rang. I
walked back up the stairs to the front door. I could see someone behind it. A
young girl, pert and skinny. Blond. I recognized her, the host of the party a
couple nights ago. I didn't expect to see her this soon, if ever again. She
smiled at me as I got to the door. I opened the door, and noticed she had a
rolling suitcase behind her. However, she let go of it, and threw herself on
the floor at my feet. She began begging to serve me. Exactly what she said I
couldn't quite make out, as I was still groggy and she was speaking quickly,
past tears. I sent the video to her just yesterday. I didn't even expect her to
get it, yet. She was wearing, as I noticed, a very short, jean skirt. Her
groveling on the floor exposed her ass entirely, so I could tell she was
wearing a thong. Above that was a jean jacket with long sleeves. I didn't quite
see the shirt underneath it.

&quot;Stop groveling,
slave.&quot;

She sat up, on her
knees. She began thanking me for accepting her, asking what she could do for
me. I could see, now, that she was wearing nothing but a bra underneath her
jacket.

&quot;Slave, I must
ask you to prove your loyalty before you're wholly accepted.&quot;

&quot;Anything,
Master.&quot;

&quot;First of all,
you are not allowed to ever wear clothes in this house. Ever.&quot; She stood
up immediately and pulled down her skirt and thong while she did, then removed
her jacket, followed by her bra. &quot;Now, what did you bring in your
suitcase, there?&quot;

She turned around and
brought it inside. She lied it down and opened it, revealing little in the way
of clothes. Mostly it was toiletries and lingerie. There were also dildos of
varying sizes, as well as other, miscellaneous sex equipment. &quot;Do you
approve, Master?&quot;

&quot;Where did you
get all those sex toys?

&quot;I sold many of
my things and bought them so that you had a wider variety of options with me,
Master.&quot;

I reached in, and
pulled out a very peculiar dildoesque thing. It was a four inch dildo, possibly
designed for putting into an untrained ass. It was very thin and had a bulge
every half inch or so, increasing in size nearer the bottom. It's maximum width
seemed about three eighths of an inch. &quot;This... what is it?&quot;

&quot;Master, that is
urethral dildo. I never knew they existed until I saw it, and I wanted you to
have many options available with me, so I got it.&quot;

&quot;You don't think
a dildo in your urethra would hurt?&quot;

&quot;I didn't really
think about it, Master. It can't hurt too badly if people willingly used
them.&quot;

&quot;Stand in front
of me, spread your legs, and put your hands on your head. Open your mouth and
suck on this.&quot; I placed the dildo in her mouth after she got in position
and she sucked on it.� I removed it from
her mouth and felt around her cunt. I discovered her urethra right under her
clit. I moved the dildo to it, and pressed it in about one of the four inches.
I looked up at her. She was looking at me with a scrunched up face. I could see
a tear falling down one cheek.

&quot;Master, it does
hurt! Badly! Please stop!&quot;

&quot;Is that
decision yours to make?&quot;

&quot;No,
Master.&quot; She said, as she turned her head slightly, as though preparing
for more pain.

&quot;You bought this
so that I could use it on you. I will. You just do what I say, and I won't make
you keep it in all day.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot;

I pushed it in
deeper, but slowly. I watched her face as I did. Tears fell from her face
freely by the time another inch was in. I fucked her urethra slightly with it,
as I worked it past the next bump. I got it past, and there were three left,
all three increasing in size. As I began working the next bump in, she began
sobbing loudly, moving her head from side to side, as though that might help
ease the pain. I got that one in, and started on the next one. It was actually
beginning to get difficult to get this one in, so I had to work her a bit
harder. She looked down just in time to see the second to last bump enter her.

&quot;Master, I beg
you, please stop. I learned not to make assumptions. Your point is proven. May
I please be used in some other way?&quot;

I pressed the last
bump into her, and she gasped when it got in. She looked at me. Her make-up was
all over from her crying.

&quot;Never ask me
for mercy. If I feel merciful, I'll be merciful. You are mine, to do with as I
please. You have no say in anything, anymore.&quot;

&quot;I understand,
Master.&quot; She seemed calmer. The pain was probably easier to deal with when
the dildo wasn't moving.

&quot;Now, do you
wish to be my slave, my property, my toy? Will you obey me, no questions asked,
doing anything, and I mean anything, I command you to do?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master, I
am yours in every way, I have no purpose except in serving you!&quot;

&quot;Then, with that
dildo in place, grovel and beg to be my slave, again.&quot;

With that, she
immediately fell to her knees and hugged my ankles, kissing my feet. Between
kisses, she begged to serve me, to be my slave, my whore, my slut, anything she
could think of that I might want to use her as, she mentioned how she has no
reason in life except to serve me, had no emotion except in her happiness to
serve me. She went on for about five minutes before Susan came down the stairs
and wrapped her arms around me. It was obvious she was jealous, but didn't want
to anger me in trying to get me to do stop or pay more attention to her.

&quot;Sir, are you
going to accept her?&quot; She asked, worriedly.

&quot;That's what I'm
deciding now. I'm seeing if she really is willing enough to be my slave, as you
are.&quot;

&quot;Sir, I love
you. Thank you for accepting me.&quot;

&quot;I could do the
same to you, you know.&quot;

&quot;Sir, I would
grovel for eternity.&quot;

&quot;Even with a
urethral dildo all the way in?&quot;

&quot;Sir?&quot;
Susan looked at me, questioningly.

I turned to the girl
on the floor and said, &quot;Slave, you are welcome into my house, but you will
be punished severely if you ever fail in your duties.&quot;

The girl on the floor
got up slowly, obviously due to the pain. However, she was very excited and
threw her arms around me in a hug, &quot;Master, you will be thankful you made
this choice! I will serve you in every way and until the end of time!&quot;

Susan hugged my arm a
bit closer. The newest slave slowly spread her legs, and shoved her cunt
towards me, softly. When she came into contact with me, though, she moved it
back suddenly with a slight groan.

&quot;Slave,&quot; I
said to her, &quot;did you bring any more of those?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Master. I
bought three, not being sure how or if you'd ever use them.&quot;

&quot;Good, take your
suitcase into the living room, and lean down in front of the chair, with your
legs together. Get one out, and insert it into Susan, here's, urethra.&quot;

&quot;Sir, the one in
me is the smallest. I bought one of each size. Which would you like me to use
on her?&quot; She asked me, as she walked into the living room.

&quot;The next size
up.&quot;

I began walking Susan
into the living room, and she seemed to hesitate, but she came with me.

&quot;Sir... I don't
know her very well... are things supposed to go into my... my pee hole?&quot;

&quot;Just sit in the
damned chair, with your pussy up near the edge, and spread it with your hands.
Make sure your legs are spread very far apart the whole time.&quot;

When we got to the
chair, the newest slave was already in position and watching us, with a vague expression
of pain on her face. Susan sat in the chair from the side, being careful not to
kick the new girl. She looked at me, then back to the new girl, and spread her
legs. It was obvious she was embarrassed. She looked at me as she spread out
her pussy lips with her hand. The newest slave licked the urethral dildo and
began shoving it up Susan. Susan got teary eyed and made pouting noises before
turning her attention to her crotch. There were about three and a half inches
to go, and near the bottom of the dildo the last bump was about half an inch
thick, maybe a bit less. She began crying, and she shut her eyes.

&quot;Come to my
bedroom when you're done with that, both of you.&quot; I said, as I grabbed the
third urethral dildo out of the suitcase and went to my room. When I got to my
room, I grabbed a bottle of lube and lubed it up. I spreed Amanda's legs and
felt her pussy. She seemed to begin waking, and get a bit aroused. I found her
urethra, and placed the dildo against it. With one shove, I got an inch and a half
in.

Amanda shot up and
grabbed at her crotch, yelling, &quot;AH! What are you doing?!&quot;

She reached for the
dildo, but I motioned for her to stop, &quot;You will never be able to drink my
cum again if you resist me in any way, ever. You're my slave, remember?&quot;

She moved her hands
to the side and said, &quot;Yes, Master, but I think you've missed my...&quot;

&quot;I didn't miss,
I was aiming for your urethra.&quot; I said, as I began pushing it in slowly.

&quot;Master, It
hurts!&quot; She said, moving a bit to avoid it going deeper.

I slapped her across
her face and said, &quot;Never question me. Unless you want to loose your
privilege of drinking my cum, the privilege of serving me, of course.&quot;

&quot;No, Master, I
would do anything for you, to keep that privilege!&quot; She said, as she
stopped moving and spread her legs in acceptance of her fate.

&quot;Then put this
all the way into your urethra yourself!&quot;

Amanda began pushing
it into herself. She had a look full of pain, but she was pushing slowly enough
that she could handle it. This was the largest of the urethral dildos. It was
about five inches long, and easily half an inch wide at the bump before the
base. She began having a hard time at about half way.

&quot;You have three
minutes, slave.&quot;

She pressed harder,
and began crying. Within one minute she got it most of the way in. She had only
the last bump to go. She slowly fucked her urethra with the dildo until it
could fit. By the time it was in, both Susan and the new girl had come into the
room.

&quot;All of you,
stand near the corner of the bed,&quot; I said, as I sat at the corner of the
foot of the bed nearest the door. &quot;All of you, face me, and fuck the
urethral dildos the length of the last bump.&quot;

The girls did as I
commanded, and they were each groaning as they did, tears flowing out of their
eyes.

&quot;Now, we're
going to play a game. Starting with the new girl, rotating from her, to Susan,
to Amanda, back to her, you will each take turns lowering down and fucking my
dick with your ass. You will do that for five full strokes, all the way from
the head, down until you're sitting with your weight on my dick. You may stop
fucking the dildo while fucking my dick with your ass. Whomever of you gets me
to cum will be allowed to remove your urethral dildo. The other two of you must
keep them there except to go to the bathroom for the rest of the day. Now, turn
around and begin.&quot; Just before the new girl placed my dick in her ass, I
lubed myself up.

She lowered herself
down and placed my dick against her asshole. It took her about ten seconds, but
she got her full weight on my lap. She took a moment to adjust so that she
could raise herself, so I watched the other two fuck the dildos. They were
watching the new girl, but were fucking the dildos about one stroke per second.
They were obviously in pain, but the tears were slowing down. As the new girl
began moving up my dick, I realized she was squeezing my dick with her ass. The
next four strokes, though faster than the first, she did the same thing. Then
she got up and winked at me, then looked to the floor when she began fucking the
dildo. She had a messed up face, but did not cry. She then watched Susan, who
was already all the way sitting on my dick. She seemed to sit there for a
couple seconds. She went up slowly, too. It took her about ten seconds to got
up, then almost 15 to get back down. Of course, she sat there for a moment
more.

&quot;Susan, why are
you going so slowly?&quot;

As she went up,
slowly still, she said, &quot;Sir, this does not hurt as much as fucking the
dildo, even though it's still all the way in.&quot;

&quot;Susan, from now
on, you fuck the last two bulges, instead of only the last one, and you must do
it as fast as you were. Hurry up on my dick, or face further punishment.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Sir!&quot;
She said, as she went down in under a second. She went up in the same amount of
time, and finished her turn just as quickly.

Before Amanda's turn,
I reapplied some lube, as the other two girls used some up with their own
asses. Amanda didn't pull herself up and push herself back down as the other
two, as a whole body motion. Amanda leaned back and humped my dick with her
ass, using almost only her thrusts to fuck my dick with. She seemed to enjoy
what she was doing. She even played with the end of the dildo and touched her
clit with her free hand while doing it. When she stood back up, she didn't seem
as bothered by the dildo, though Susan was crying pretty hard, and I watched
her fuck the last two bulges a couple times before the new girl sat down.

They each continued
in that general manner for an hour. The new girl got a bit faster, and learned
to clench her ass a bit harder on the up-strokes. Susan got slow again, so I
told her to hurry up and that she will be punished. Her punishment would get
worse if she slowed again. Amanda, after about ten minutes, seemed to really
get into it. She fucked my dick the fastest, and eventually continued fucking
the dildo and rubbing her clit even while she was fucking my dick with her ass.
While she was standing, her other hand was used to rub her tits as she watched
the other girls get to work on my dick. Since she seemed to enjoy it, I had her
fuck an additional bulge twice, so that she got up to three. I asked her how
she could enjoy that, and she replied that she didn't. She said that she
enjoyed the idea of me cumming, and that thought aroused her, making it feel good.
Alone it hurt badly, she added.

I had been holding
back my cum for the greater part of the hour, so I decided to cum in the new
girl's ass. After all, I already said something about not making her have the
dildo in all day. On her last stroke, I held her down, and humped her ass full
of cum. I came for a long time, again. When I was able to comprehend what was
happening, again, I saw Amanda leaning over me, fucking her urethra with the
dildo still, waiting to see my cum. Susan had sat down on the bed, she was
crying.

When the new girl
pulled her ass away, a bit of cum dripped out, but most stayed in. I had her
get in the doggy position in the middle of the bed, and I motioned for Amanda
to lick me clean. When I was clean, I motioned for her to get whatever cum out
of the new girl's ass as she could. I walked Susan down to the basement, where
the cop was sleeping on the pool table, spread eagle like the first night.
Susan made the walk slowly, obviously due tohow uncomfortable the dildo was.

&quot;Susan, where are
the clothes you brought with you?&quot; I asked.

She had stopped fully
crying, though she was still obviously sad and in a bit of pain, she pointed
and said, &quot;In that hamper, Sir.&quot; 

&quot;Get your
shortest skirt and your lowest cut shirt. You're going to wear that to the
store today, you're opening.&quot;

&quot;What about
this?&quot; She asked, as she moved a finger next to her cunt, where the base
of the dildo was visible.

&quot;Leave it in.
All day. In fact, if anyone sees it, tell them that they can use it to fuck
your urethra for five minutes, for only $25. You may bring them behind the
counter and have them kneel down so they can't be seen, and ring people up, but
go through paper work and tell people they'll have to wait for any other kind
of help. If the person fucking your urethra with the dildo seems concerned
they're hurting you, fake an orgasm and press against the dildo as though it
feels good. They may record on a camera what they're doing for 25 additional
dollars, and they may buy multiple five minute blocks, all in a row. No coming
back for more until the next day. If someone buys two units, during the second
one, you must finger yourself, either pussy or ass, your choice, for the
entirety of the time past the first five minute block. If you start bleeding,
or anything, then this rule does not apply. If someone sees it, tell them it's
none of their business, but leave it in and go about the business day. Do you
have that?&quot;

&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;
Susan said, bowing her head slightly. &quot;Can I try to cover it up so people
don't see, though?&quot;

&quot;Of course, this
rule is simply your punishment for going slowly earlier. However, you must make
sure at least one person sees it. They must be male, and they must appear to still
be able to be sexually active, but they may be anyone you choose
otherwise.&quot;

&quot;Yes, Sir.&quot;
She said, as she pulled out a skimpy skirt and a small shirt from the hamper.
The skirt was about eight inches long, so it's wholly possible someone may just
see the dildo on accident, after all. It was a tight black spandex looking
material. Her shirt was a black and white button up, but the last button was
well below where her cleavage started, and it showed off her belly. She put
them on, and modeled them for me. She did it slowly, of course, because of the
urethral dildo, but she gave a decent show anyhow. Before leaving, she kissed
me and told me she loved me. She thanked me for allowing her to serve me, and
she would never think of doing anything to offend me on purpose. Then she left.

I got back to my
room, and the new girl was still as I told her to be, but Amanda was laying
down next to her, holding her snatch next to the dildo, rubbing it as it was
sore. The new girl's dildo was still in. They stopped talking when I came in
and walked over to them. I reached to the new girl's cunt and removed the dildo
quickly. She moaned in pain and clenched her eyes shut, then breathed a sigh of
relief after a moment.

&quot;You may both
lay down and get comfortable, except you may not remove the dildo,
Amanda.&quot;

They both lied down,
though Amanda simply moved a bit.

&quot;Master,&quot;began
Amanda, &quot;I had an orgasm when I ate the cum out of her ass. I love your
cum, Master! Thank you for letting me have so much!&quot; She looked at me
lovingly, as the new girl was doing.

&quot;Do you enjoy
getting ass-fucked?&quot; I asked them both.

&quot;Of course,
Master!&quot; Amanda said with a serious look on her face, &quot;Getting
ass-fucked makes you cum! Nothing in the world is better than that!&quot;

The new girl replied
after Amanda, &quot;I do not enjoy it, but I will do anything for you, Master.
In fact, I'd say I hate it, but it pleases you, and that's my purpose in
living.&quot;

&quot;Good. I need to
test something. New slave, pretend you're a dirty old man, who doesn't care for
the comfort of Amanda in the least. You find it exciting fucking her with the
urethral dildo, and you have just bought half an hour, so that you could fuck
her with it as long and as hard as you wish. Amanda, this gentlemen (pretend
she's a dirty old man who's fully clothed) has just purchased half on hour, in
which he may fuck your urethra with that dildo as long as hard as he wants.
After five minutes, finger your vagina or ass, your choice. If he shows any
worry over hurting you, fake an orgasm, pressing your cunt against his strokes.
Now, go sit in my chair, and both of you get started.&quot;

I watched Amanda sit
down and spread her legs, watching the new girl kneel between her legs as I put
pants on, so that she couldn't distract herself by looking at my penis. She was
fearful. The new girl looked at me after sitting, placed her hand on the end of
the dildo, then looked at Amanda and began fucking her urethra with it. It was
obvious Amanda was using a lot of her will-power not to close her legs, and she
began groaning with each in thrust. Eventually, the new girl began working more
and more into and out of Amanda. She got to the point she was pulling it all
the way out except for the end, and putting it all the way back in. By then,
Amanda had begun fingering her asshole with her right hand, which was under her
leg. She was obviously holding back tears. After about ten minutes, she seemed
to get used to it, and she simply moved around a bit as she was getting fucked
by it. Then, however, the new girl sat looking at Amanda's snatch for a moment
while the dildo was most of the way out. She suddenly shoved it all the way in,
violently.

Amanda lurched
forward with a pain filled look in her eyes. Her legs were only still open
because the new girl was in the way of them closing. Amanda almost shoved her
away, or pulled out the dildo, but stopped her hand in the middle of the
reaction and looped it behind the chair, grabbing the seat. The new girl did it
again, then again. Each time, Amanda lurched forward, and she was no longer able
to hold back her tears. She looped her feet around the legs of the chair, so
her legs would stay open. She let out a cry each time.

&quot;New slave, what
are you doing? Just because you don't care if she gets hurt doesn't mean you
want her to be hurt!&quot;

She did not stop, but
she explained to me as she continued, &quot;Master, I am a horny old man who
does not care about this woman. I'm in the last couple minutes of my time, and
I'm pretending that I'm fucking her hard, with my own dick. It does not matter
if she is hurt, I want only a fantasy to go home and masturbate to. If she gets
hurt, it's her own fault in offering herself out as a whore.&quot;

&quot;If she bleeds,
you get the same treatment. Just keep that in mind.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot; She did not slow down. Amanda was, by now, used to the jabs. She
was leaning back and fingering her asshole very slowly. She was staring off
into space and breathing sharply, but she was not crying. Then, the new slave
stopped. She left the dildo in all the way, and turned around to look at me.
&quot;Master, I'm done. Can I comfort her?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&quot;

She hugged Amanda
tenderly, apologizing, saying she was only playing her role. She walked Amanda
over to the bed, where they both lied down. The new girl cuddled with Amanda
and moved her hair out of her face, apologizing. She explained how she had no
choice but to play the role that her master gave her as well as she could.
Amanda seemed to understand, though she kept her legs together and the dildo
out of reach between them. I took off my pants and joined them in bed. I was
very tired, this morning, and I went back to sleep with both girls hugging me.
Susan repeated how thankful she was for my cum, before falling asleep.

&nbsp;

End Part 9







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Callidus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





