BDSM Library - The Last Hours of Jane




The Last Hours of Jane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A woman is abducted, tortured, slowly impaled, then cooked and eaten







The Last Hours of Jane

 
  Jeff Crystal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-06-22T23:20:00Z
  2006-06-22T23:20:00Z
  1
  1939
  11053
   
  92
  25
  12967
  10.2625
 
 
  0,,0,0,0,1,2,0,The Last Hours of Jane,,57,57,57,0
  C:\Program Files\Palm\CrystaJ\qword\Unfiled\The Last Hours of Jane.qwd
 

 
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






The Last Hours of Jane

&nbsp;

Jane did not ordinarily go out clubbing alone, but this week it seemed that
all her friends were busy, or out of town. It was Friday night, damn it, and
she was a big girl. Ignoring caution, she took a cab into the city. Twenty three
years old, she was a petite 4 foot 10 inches tall and weighed in at about 89
pounds. Her 32C figure didn't give her the largest boobs on the planet, but her
slender frame made them seem larger than life. Long, straight, blond hair,
silky smooth and shiny, flowed over her shoulder, down to her waist. Long hair
being somewhat out of style these days, hers made her stand out in a crowd,
especially while dancing.

&nbsp;

Heart pounding to the rythm, she lived on the dance floor. Grinding hips
shamelessly with anyone hot, she got a lot of free drinks. Like most
young women, she felt no shame at accepting free gifts from guys who just
wanted to get into her pants. And besides, she thought, I'll probably end up
sleeping with someone here later. It was Friday night, after all. She
lost track of things around midnight, after the forth or fifth drink brought to
her by a man she'd been flirting with all night. She never remembered being
walked out to the man's car, giddy with drink and drug, and passing out in the
back seat. 

&nbsp;

Jane awakened with pain running everywhere. Comprehension lagging behind
perception, she struggled to take in the scene while the fog of drug induced
sleep slowly faded in her head. First to register was that she was completely
naked. The next was that she could not move her legs. She couldn't remember how
she got from the club to here.

&nbsp;

Head down, hanging limp in her restraints, she could see that her legs were
locked tightly in a pair of bright red ski boots, holding her legs spread about
three feet apart. The boots seemed to be bolted in place, each one attached to
a narrow metal strip projecting about two feet out from a large, glass tank in
front of her. The boxy tank was about 4 feet square at the base and maybe 6
feet tall, and was about a third of the way filled with water.

&nbsp;

Preoccupied with her immobilized feet, it took her a minute to note that her
waist was also thoroughly fastened in place. Two tighly clamped, form fitting
rings of metal were also attached to a metal bar projecting from the tank.
Wrapping her waist at top and bottom butt level, they pinched so tightly she
couldn't swivel her hips an inch. Trying desperately to understand, she stared
around the room rapidly, trying to bring it all into focus. About 20 feet
square, the room had bare walls, and little else besides the contraption she
was fastened to.

&nbsp;

The bottom of the large water tank she was so firmly attached to was
suspended about 6 feet above the floor by a cable that ran straight up, through
a pulley, across the ceiling to another pulley about10 feet to her right, then
down to another tank resting on the floor, this one about two thirds full of
water. A hose ran from the bottom of the other tank, through a small, running,
electrical pump, to her tank. A steady stream of water flowed from one to the
other. Another hose went from the bottom of Jane's tank, through some kind of
hand crank pump mounted in front of her, back to the far tank.

&nbsp;

Looking down once more, horror began to paint her face. Extending from the
floor to a point about an inch below her crotch, projected a one inch diameter
metal pole. The end of the pole tappered to a dull tip about an eigth of an
inch accross, pointed directly at her pussy. She'd obviously been unconcious
for some time, judging by how much water had been transfered from on tank to
the other.

&nbsp;

Worse, someone had pierced her nipples, driving a heavy metal ring through
each, about an inch behind the tips of her tits. They had stopped bleeding, but
ached awefuly. Thick wires, hanging loosely with a bit of slack, connected
rings to ceiling. The final bit of humiliation came as she noticed the cameras.
Little green lights highlighted half a dozen live camera's, recording all for
posterity. Several watched her from around the room. One had a close up view of
her face, and another angled up at her exposed crotch.

&nbsp;

She was free to move above the waist, and began frantically prying at her
bonds with her hands. She quickly abandoned attempts to free her nipples: The
rings were to firm, her nipples were to sore. Flailing about wildly, Jane was
suddenly confronted with the physics of her situation. The weight balancing
this massive scale she was bound to was nearing equalibrium. Her flailing
around caused the far tank to lift and sink a couple of inches, bouncing her
downward several times. She felt the rod stab into her exposed pussy with each
shift.

&nbsp;

Panic nearly blinded her at this point, unable to move below chest level,
and afraid to continue struggling due to the pole in her crotch. Water
continued to flow between the tanks, and suddenly the balanced began to shift.
Jane's tank sank an inch, slowly, bringing the rod into contact with her pussy.
The dull point pressed painfully into her crotch as she continued to sink, bit
by bit. Shifting her hips through the tiny bit allowed by her bonds, she
managed to line herself up properly with the shaft. Pressure eased as the pole
began slipping smoothly into her pussy.

&nbsp;

The shaft had penetrated over two inches when she finally saw the note.
Attached to the hand crank, it said, &quot;Turn Me.&quot; Understanding dawned,
and she reached desperately for the hand grips. Cranking the pump was like
peddling a bike with her hands. The crank was deliberately designed to be hard
to turn, but water began to trickle back to the far tank.

&nbsp;

Struggling to work the crank faster, Jane kept losing ground to the electric
pump. Three inches, four, five, the pole kept creaping deeper. Then, for about
half an hour, Jane desperately cranked the pump like mad. She actually managed
to gain back an inch before collapsing in exhaustion. Forced to rest for a bit,
the pole was soon back to five, six, seven inches. The wires attached to her
tender boobs began to draw tight at this point, lifting and tugging her tits
upwards.

&nbsp;

Knowing she could not win, but unable to accept defeat, Jane continued to
crank steadily. Able to slow the process, she could not stop it. At around 10
inches the pole began pressing against her cervix. Her tits were being
streached upward, and the rings piercing her flesh strained at her tender
nipples. For the last half hour, Jane had been screaming in agony.

&nbsp;

Now, as the tip of the rod began pressing firmly against her insides, Jane
redoubled her efforts with the hand pump. Struggling wildly, her best efforts
barely managed to halt her progress. Minute after minute she strained,
breathing desperately. Arms already aching, now they began to burn with
fatigue. Finally, unable to continue, she was forced to slow her pace.

&nbsp;

Falling behind again, presure began increasing between pole and cervix until
her entire body weight was being suspended on the top of the rod. The fixed
boots began dragging downward on her legs putting even more pressure on the
pole jammed into her pussy. Jane's screams reached a new pitch, as the tip of
the pole began forcing its way through. Tension continued to build as the tank
sank lower, dragging at her bound legs. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly the pole finished piercing her hard cervix and her body plunged
three inches downwards at once. Tits burning in agony, this sudden plunge
ripped the rings completely through first one, then the other. Screaming so
hard she nearly passed out from lack of breath, Jane worked out her pain on the
hand crank. Continuing to work the pump, she could not seem to make any
progress. Simply slowing the process didn't do much to help her situation.

&nbsp;

Blood began oozing thickey down the shaft, flowing out of her pussy. The
diameter of the rod kept up enough pressure to slow the flow. Blood ran freely
down her chest, at first, from her torn boobs, but soon slowed as clotting set
in.

&nbsp;

As she continued her inevitable impalement, the rod easily pushed aside
slippery intestines. It did not bind again until it hit her stomach. Sinking
steadily, Jane's downward progress drove the dull point to pierce the bottom
stomach wall.

&nbsp;

Once inside the stomach, the smooth walls of her digestive track began
guiding the pole. Feeling pain inside her throat, Jane surrendered at last,
dropping the grips on the pump. Standing very still, she continued to slip
slowly downward. When the tip of the rod reached the back of her throat, she
tilted her head back firmly, and let the tip emerge slowly from her mouth.
Tears streaming down her face, she wondered, &quot;Why is this happening to
me?&quot;

&nbsp;

When about a foot of pole extended from her mouth, her feet were about 18
inches from the floor. Then she felt a new pain. A cross piece attached to the
spit was just reaching her crotch. Two prongs began piercing her clit and anus
as she settled into place, until her weight rested on the bar. In position at last,
her tormentors finally entered the room.

&nbsp;

Six men came in and began to prepare her. First, another spindle was slipped
over the end of the rod and forced downward. This one was wider, and fit over
her mouth and cheeks firmly. Next, her arms were securely wired in place behind
her back. Finally, her legs were freed from the boots, one at a time, and
secured to the pole with cruelly tight wire. Two men hosed her down thoroughly
to remove dried blood and sweat, then towelled her off. A third man used an electric
clipper on her head, quickly removing all of her long, beautiful hair.

&nbsp;

The men then lifted the pole out of the hole in the floor it rested in. One
man grabbed the top of the pole, near Jane's mouth. Another reached down and
hoisted the bottom end, below her feet. Hefting the weight onto their
shoulders, Jane was carried into the next room, suspended on the spit. The men
lay the rod ends into the spit spindle over a six foot wide grill.

&nbsp;

Waves of heat assaulted Jane's body from the burning flames of the lit
grill. Screaming in terror and fresh pain, she squirmed uselessly on the spit.
One man came over to her, carrying a small bucket. He flipped a switch and the
spindle began to rotate, turning Jane's body slowly over the flames below.
Using a wide brush, he dipped into the bucket of warm, melted butter, and began
applying it thickly to Jane's entire body. As she turned over and over, butter
occasionally would drip off her skin, causing flames to leap up and singe her
body.

&nbsp;

Her screams were muffled somewhat by the pole filling her throat, but she
still managed to make quite a bit of noise. After 5 minutes or so the chef
finished basting and then closed the grill cover. Roasting slowly on the spit,
Jane was struggling franticly. Arms and legs wired tightly together, with a
spit impaling her entire body, the best she could manage was a pathetic
squirming motion, alone in the dark.

&nbsp;

After twenty minutes the cover was opened. The chef inspected Jane's cooking
body, and began applying a thick coat of Bar-B-Queue sauce. Her flesh was just
starting to change color and crisp up a bit. Jane, still struggling, couldn't
decide whether to scream or cry as the sauce was applied. The strokes of the
brush bristles over her burning skin made her howl with agony. However, the
sauce itself was cool, and felt like heaven after it was applied.

&nbsp;

Closing the lid once more, the man let her continue to roast for another 15
minutes. Jane's eyes turned a milky white as they cooked, blinding her. She
could hear, but not see, as the lid was opened at last. Something stabbed her
painfully in the ass and she gurgled a weak scream.

&nbsp;

&quot;Looks to be about medium rare, Frank. Serve it up!&quot;

&nbsp;

Jane felt the spit being lifted off the grill, then carried across the room.
She was plopped down on a large work table. The flange was removed from her
mouth, and slid off the rod. Then, two men pushed firmly on her ass, as two
more slowly forced the spit back out through her pussy. Screaming freely once
the rod cleared her throat, she tried to struggle. She found that she could
hardly move, all her muscles having locked rigid from being cooked.

&nbsp;

The men laid Jane's body face up on a long platter, then carried her to the
dining table. Taking their seats, the six men lifted knives and forks and went
to work. Unable to do more than twitch and moan, Jane felt six forks stab her
boobs, pussy, thighs, and calves, then six knives dig in to begin carving.
Careful to take small bites, enjoying Jane's weakening cries of agony as much
as the tender, juicy chunks of flesh, the men managed to devoure her legs,
arms, and tits completely, as well as most of her ass and pussy, before she
finally convulsed and died. Disappointment at her death did not stop the men
from finishing their meal, however.

&nbsp;

Once stripped to the bone, the remains was fed
through a bone shredder, bagged, and burried in a deep pit in the woods. The
men drew straws to see whose turn it would be to capture tomorrow night's
entertainment.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Depr@ved


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





