BDSM Library - Remote Control Love Slave




Remote Control Love Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A well to do man sends his step daughter off to a clinic for some extreme modifications, turning her into a remote control sex slave.  Her mother is led to believe she was sent to a girls school to learn manners and dicipline







Part 1:  The Clinic




 
  Jeff Crystal
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-07-12T15:26:00Z
  2006-07-12T15:26:00Z
  1
  9704
  55316
   
  460
  129
  64891
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Part 1:&nbsp; The Clinic

&nbsp;

Jack
checked the address on the wall one more time, and compared it against the
sheet of paper he had been given.&nbsp; The bare metal door at the bottom of
the stairwell did not look inviting, and certainly was not what he'd expected
from the description he'd been given of the clinic.&nbsp; Mentally shrugging,
he walked down the steps and knocked one time, as instructed.&nbsp; A brief
moment passed before the door was opened by a large, casually dressed man,
obviously a bouncer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Invitation?&quot;
he said.

&nbsp;

Jack
handed over the plain, blank white business card he'd been given.&nbsp; Taking
the card, the bouncer inserted it in a small box inside the door and examined
it closely through the glass top.&nbsp; Jack could not see what was revealed
under the reader, but it must have passed muster.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
step this way sir,&quot; the man said, inviting him in.&nbsp; With a thud the
door was latched firmly behind him, and the bouncer led the way down a long
empty hall.&nbsp; At the end there was a single elevator, door standing open.&nbsp;
The bouncer swiped a card over the black reader and the elevator dinged once.

&nbsp;

&quot;Step
inside sir, Dr. Iverson will meet you in the lobby.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Nervously,
Jack stepped in to the elevator, and the door immediately closed.&nbsp;
Reaching for the button, he was startled to note that there weren't any.&nbsp;
Momentary panic was eased as the elevator began to descend, rapidly, by the
feel.&nbsp; Several whole minutes passed, and Jack began to wonder what he was
getting himself into.&nbsp; Finally, after what must have been thousands of
feet of decent, the elevator stopped, and the door opened.

&nbsp;

Jack
stepped out into a large, brightly lit lobby, with comfortable couches and
chairs placed strategically around coffee tables and cheerful plant
arrangements.&nbsp; Artful pieces decorated the walls, giving a warm, inviting
feel to the room.&nbsp; Straight across from the elevator, thirty feet or so
away, was a closed, heavy oak double door.&nbsp; Off to the right of it was a
small receptionist desk, complete with a small, female receptionist.

&nbsp;

Striding
across the room, Jack approached the girl, who looked up and said, &quot;Please
have a seat, sir, the Dr. will be with you in a moment.&quot;

&nbsp;

Choosing
to stand instead, Jack admired the artwork on the walls for about five minutes
while he waited.&nbsp; The large doors opened, smooth and surprisingly quiet
and a tall man in a white doctor�s overcoat stepped out.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
do apologize for being late Mr. Stevens.&nbsp; I'm Dr. Iverson.&nbsp; Please,
step inside and let�s go to my office, and see how we might best assist
you.&quot;&nbsp; Walking down the hall, it was some small distance through a
maze of hospital like corridors to the office.

&nbsp;

Finally,
seated at his desk, Dr. Iverson asked, &quot;So, what can we do for you, Mr.
Stevens?&quot;

&nbsp;

Taking
a seat in a plush lounge chair in front of the desk, Jack sat back and
addressed the doctor.&nbsp; &quot;I've been given a brief description of what
you do here, of course.&nbsp; And it goes without saying that price is no
object, or I daresay I'd not have made it past your front door.&quot;&nbsp;
Smiling, he chuckled.&nbsp; Jack was a genius at stock picking, and had amassed
quite a respectable pile of cash over the last 15 years.

&nbsp;

&quot;However,
I'm a little vague on the particulars, as it were.&nbsp; I wonder if you might
give me the nickel tour, show off your, um, capabilities, and demonstrate any,
er, limitations?&nbsp; I'd like to get a feel for the, er, full range of
potentials, before I place my order.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm,�
he replied. &nbsp;�Yes. A lot of our higher end clients tend to feel that
way.&nbsp; We've set up a kind of show room in the new wing.&nbsp; Would you like
to take a look?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
please,&quot; Jack replied, &quot;that would be excellent.&quot;

&nbsp;

Grabbing
a key card out of his desk, the doctor led the way to another elevator.&nbsp;
Waving the card at the reader, the doors popped open.&nbsp; This time the ride
was brief, descending only a few floors.&nbsp; Entering a new hallway, they
walked a few yards and entered a door to the left.&nbsp; This room looked like
a small night club, bar in one corner, rich looking tables with leather chairs
were spaced around the room.&nbsp; Two chairs faced the bar, where several
young women sat on the tall chairs, quietly chatting.&nbsp; On the chair arms
rested four large remote controls.&nbsp; Picking up one at random, Dr Iverson
said, &quot;Watch this.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jack
watched with interest as he pressed a button labeled &quot;Come Here.&quot;

&nbsp;

One
of the women in the middle flinched, then bolted upright and ran over to stand
at attention in front of the Dr., eyes focused down on her toes.&nbsp;
&quot;Here, you try it,&quot; he said, handing over the remote.

&nbsp;

Studying
the controls for a moment, Jack pressed &quot;Strip&quot;, and she began
tossing clothes to the floor.&nbsp; Next he tried &quot;Dance,&quot; which
brought up a menu on the display, listing possibilities.&nbsp; Jack scrolled
down and selected &quot;Pole Dance.&quot;&nbsp; She immediately stepped up onto
the runway and began a rather nice routine.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
nice,&quot; Jack said.&nbsp; &quot;So how does it work?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
our process involves implanting controls into the woman that can give stimulus
indicating the desired action.&nbsp; In basic term, small electrodes are
surgically installed at key, highly sensitive nerve locations, including
clitoris, nipples, anus, tongue, etc.&nbsp; The number and capability of these
is adjustable with the sales package, of course.&nbsp; These are connected to a
computerized controller, the central brain if you will, installed internally,
that is programmed to send spikes of electricity to the probes, in various
patterns and intensity based on which button you press on the remote.&nbsp;
Then it's just a matter of conditioning, teaching a subject that a hard, strong
jolt on her clitoris means 'Come Here!' and several short stabs at clit and
nipples mean 'Strip' and so on.&nbsp; There's no real limit to the command set,
but each girl has to be trained extensively until she learns what each pattern
means.&nbsp; Part of any purchase package includes a thorough training period,
to condition her to the basic command set.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Impressive,&quot;
Jack responded.&nbsp; &quot;I was told you've been experimenting with some more
advanced models?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
those are across the hall.&nbsp; We've added some sensors to the controller to
give us some feedback.&nbsp; The electronics can sense position, motion,
direction, even external conditions like temperature, etc.&nbsp; We've
developed a wide array of internal sensors to determine if commands are being
obeyed.&nbsp; For instance, we have a pussy caliber that measures penetration
depth and width.&nbsp; Also worth noting is our remote access and monitoring
package, which includes a cellular modem, and audio and video sensors.&nbsp;
You can see and hear what she does, and control her from anywhere you�ve got
cell phone coverage!&nbsp; One of the best features of our new ZR1000
controller is automation, and intelligent monitoring.&nbsp; Programs can be
written to automatically monitor activity, or record detailed instructions to
be performed on a schedule. Punishment can be given automatically for any
deviation from her allowed list of actions.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Wow!&nbsp;
I'd love to see that in action!&quot;&nbsp; Jack�s palms actually began to
sweat, thinking of all the delicious possibilities!

&nbsp;

&quot;Well
then, let�s step across the hall.&nbsp; But first...&quot;&nbsp; Reaching for
the remote he pressed &quot;Release.&quot;&nbsp; Up on the dance stage, the
woman stopped gyrating, and then sat on the floor.&nbsp; Sweat covered her
body, as she had been really going at that pole.

&nbsp;

&quot;One
of the biggest problems with these simple units,&quot; the doctor explained.&nbsp;
&quot;People are always forgetting to turn them off.&nbsp; Either the subject
continues until damaged, or she gives up and ignores the last command that was
given.&nbsp; Then we have to either forgive her, or punish her unfairly for
disobedience.&nbsp; Bad for discipline, that.&nbsp; The new controllers have
built in watchdogs for forgotten remotes.&nbsp; The can automatically send
release commands, or even complex orders to return to a specific condition,
say, dressed and back in her cage with the door locked.&quot;

&nbsp;

Leading
the way across the hall, the entered a large room laid out like a go kart
track.&nbsp; Six young women stood in what seemed to be the pit area,
completely naked.&nbsp; Each had a think layer of electrical tape wrapped
around her head, covering eyes and ears thoroughly, and arms bound behind her
back.&nbsp; Large, two digit numbers were painted across each woman�s back, and
someone had even slapped a few bumper stickers and logos across their asses.

&nbsp;

Near
the door was a raised platform overlooking the track, with six arcade-like
stations, containing a steering wheel, gear shift, and foot peddles.

&nbsp;

&quot;Our
engineers really went all out on this one.&nbsp; We wanted a demo of our new,
total control unit, with optional safety features.&nbsp; Let me show you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Stepping
up to a controller, he stepped lightly on the gas and one of the girls began
walking forward.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Pressing
on the gas pedal sends a jolt into her clitoris.&nbsp; Sensors monitor her
speed and adjust the intensity based on how fast she moves. &nbsp;A comparison
is made between her speed, what gear I�ve selected, and how much I press the
pedal.&nbsp; A big difference gives her a big jolt that scales down to zero as
she reaches the correct speed.&nbsp; A similar jolt to her ass indicates she
should slow down, and jolts to each tit tell her to turn left or right.&nbsp;
Watch this!&quot;

&nbsp;

Turning
the wheel, he steered her around the others women in the pit and out onto the
track.&nbsp; Stomping on the gas made her grunt, and then begin running flat
out.&nbsp; He steered her around the track a few laps, then deliberately drove
her at a wall.&nbsp; Expecting the blind girl to pile into the wall she could
not see, Jack was surprised when she braked to a stop about a foot in front of
it.

&nbsp;

&quot;Took
some painful system calibration to get that to work right, let me tell
you!&nbsp; Anyway, that was a demonstration of the smart controller
system.&nbsp; Position tracking monitors her every step, and automatically
sends the commands to stop before she hit the wall.&nbsp; This is highly
programmable, and even optional.&quot;&nbsp; Flipping a switch market SAFTEY to
the off position, and shifting to reverse, he backed the girl up, then shifted
through forward gears again to send her racing around the track once
more.&nbsp; &quot;Certain commands are just more fun than others,&quot; he
commented.&nbsp; Pressing down on a button labeled &quot;Nitrous,&quot; the
girl began screaming, and then seemed to be pushing for all the extra speed her
legs would give.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;This
button sends a maximum intensity clitoral shock, giving her some serious
incentive to run faster!&quot;

&nbsp;

Ignoring
the turn at the end of the track, he led her straight at the wall.&nbsp; This
time she plowed in, running flat out, and bounced backward head over heals,
then lay still.&nbsp; Pushing a button on the wall intercom, he said,
&quot;Medic to Demo 2.&quot;&nbsp; The Dr. turned back to Jack as a medical
team raced in to cart the limp body down to the hospital wing.

&nbsp;

&quot;Of
course, entertaining as this demonstration is, it's not really what most of our
clientele is looking for.&nbsp; The basic hardware install is the same,
however, and we have a number of, shall we say, more practical, training
environments.&nbsp; Have you chosen a particular training plan yet?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I�m
still trying to make up my mind between a few variations.&nbsp; I was
wondering, could you tell me what the differences were between Slave: Traditional,
Slave: Bondage, and Slave: Torture are.&quot; replied Jack.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm,
let�s see.&nbsp; Traditional means simple obedience, like a pet, do the dished,
suck my cock, that kind of thing.&nbsp; Bondage slaves are expected to receive
a certain amount of pain and bondage, and get extra obedience training to
harden them.&nbsp; Torture is like Bondage, but at a whole extra level, and
requires extensive obedience training.&nbsp; We warrantee that nothing you do
to one of our Torture slaves can break her training, or the next one's free.&nbsp;
Cost and training time can be extreme for this model, however.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
see. &nbsp;I understand that I can arrange for pickup and delivery when I
schedule a procedure?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
talk with our receptionist on the way out and she can make the
appointment.&quot;

&nbsp;

On
the way back to the doctors' office, Jack found that he was very impressed by
the clinic.&nbsp; Contemplating his schedule and trying to imagine the
possibilities, he made up his mind.&nbsp; For what he intended, Slave: Torture,
was probably the best bet.

&nbsp;

Taking
a seat in the easy chair in front of the receptionist�s desk, he said &quot;I'd
like to place and order for pickup and return delivery.�&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

�Excellent
sir,� replied the woman.&nbsp; �Please fill out this order form, and specify
all the features you�d like installed.&nbsp; If there is anything you�d like
that is not listed on the form, please give a detailed description on the back
of the form, and we shall do our best.�

&nbsp;

Sitting
back, Jack began filling out the form, checking off features and desired
training packages.&nbsp; Grinning like a kid in a candy store, he couldn�t help
a brutal erection from the anticipation.&nbsp; Finished at last, he handed the
form back to the woman behind the desk.

&nbsp;

Looking
over the form, she said, &quot;Excellent choice sir.&nbsp; When would you like
us to pick up the subject?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Next
Friday, at 9:00am would be perfect.&nbsp; She thinks she's
going to summer camp,&quot; he chuckled.&nbsp; &quot;How long do you expect it
will be until I get her back?&quot;

&nbsp;

�Let
me check on that sir,� she replied.&nbsp; Taking the form, she ducked through
the doors and returned with Dr. Iverson a few minutes later.

&nbsp;

Perusing
the form in detail, he was muttering to himself, then looked up and said,
&quot;Hmmm, let�s see...&nbsp; This one could take some time. 10 days for the
hardware install.&nbsp; The new oversize fuel cell membranes we use to power
the computer are a bitch to install, at least to do it without leaving any
scarring.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;Really amazing stuff, actually, pulls sugar from
the blood stream and makes electricity to operate our little toys.&nbsp; Don�t
worry about scarring, by the way.&nbsp; Our surgeons are really top notch, and
we do everything through existing openings, like the belly button, or
vagina.&nbsp; Anyway, better figure at least 45 days for training.&nbsp; Can
you spare her for two months?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
manage.&nbsp; Summer camp should make a good cover for the neighbors.&nbsp; Her
mother thinks she�s going away to a finishing school, to learn some
manners.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
I see you�ve selected some discipline and cultural training in her
package.&nbsp; May I ask the subjects' age?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's
see, she'll be 14 by the time I get her back.&nbsp; It�s my step
daughter.&nbsp; Hot little number, but she has a mouth like a truck driver, and
attitude up to HERE!&quot; Jack said.&nbsp; &quot;We told the girl its summer
camp, and she�s expecting a few weeks of fun and frolic out from under her
mother�s thumb.&quot;&nbsp; Jack said, with an evil chuckle.

&nbsp;

Amused,
the doctor smiled, &quot;She�ll have a bit of a rude surprise then.&quot;&nbsp;
Handing over a piece of paper, he continued.&nbsp; &quot;Please wire this
amount to that bank account, and we'll see you on Friday to take delivery of
your step daughter Mr. Stevens.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part 2:&nbsp; Surgery

&nbsp;

It
was Friday morning, and Stephanie had just finished packing her travel bag and
was zipping it closed. From downstairs, her creepy stepfather Jack called up,
&quot;Stephanie, hurry up!&nbsp; Your ride is here.&quot;

&nbsp;

Anxious
to be gone, she tried to hurry it up.&nbsp; She really wanted to get
away for a couple weeks.&nbsp; Mom was seriously getting on her nerves, and
Jack had been extra creepy the last few days.&nbsp; Dragging the bag off her
bed she rolled it out the door.&nbsp; She was hoping she'd packed enough
clothes, thinking about how much fun the next two weeks was going to be.&nbsp;
&quot;Two whole weeks away at camp, with no creepy Jack, no Do the Dishes,
Clean Your Room, CHANGE THOSE CLOTHES, from mom&quot; she thought, as she
lugged the case along.

&nbsp;

Grunting,
she lifted the heavy bag and descended the stairs.&nbsp; Jack and a man who
must have been the bus driver waited at the bottom of the stair.&nbsp; She was
puzzled when she noticed another large drag bag standing by the front door, but
didn�t think any more of it.&nbsp; As she reached the bottom of the stairs, she
stuck out her tongue and rudely tried to brush past Jack. Instead of letting
her by, he grabbed her arm and swung her around to face him.&nbsp; Reaching
down, he closed his fist over her hand holding the carry bag.

&nbsp;

&quot;Here,
let me get that,&quot; he said, prying the bag out of her hand, and holding her
in place for a moment.&nbsp; She opened her mouth to scream &quot;Don't touch
me!&quot; but, before she could even draw in the breath a firm hand covered her
face with a damp cloth.&nbsp; The &quot;bus driver&quot; had been waiting for
the distraction.&nbsp; Anger faded to confusion as the ether on the rag quickly
knocked her out.

&nbsp;

Letting
the limp girl slide to the floor, Jack grabbed the large luggage case by the
door.&nbsp; He and the delivery agent stuffed the unconscious teen into the
bag, and wheeled the bag out to the man�s car.&nbsp; Jack smiled as she was
driven away, packed securely in the car trunk.&nbsp; Upstairs, Jack's wife
Deirdre was still sound asleep, and never heard a thing.&nbsp; She was a shift
supervisor and worked nights at the local hospital. &nbsp;She had just gone to
bed an hour ago, and would be sleeping like a log for at least another 6
hours.&nbsp; As far as she knew, her troubled daughter was off to summer
boarding school, to learn a little discipline and good manners.

&nbsp;

Hours
later, Stephanie woke up in a small cell, dimly lit.&nbsp; Confusion.&nbsp;
Pain.&nbsp; Fear.&nbsp; PANIC!&nbsp; Memory returned, and adrenaline
surged!&nbsp; She raced around the little six foot square room, banged on the
solid, heavy, wooden door.&nbsp; Unable to help herself, she screamed.&nbsp;
&quot;HELP! Let me out.&nbsp; Is anybody out there?&quot;

&nbsp;

And,
in fact, there was.&nbsp; They'd been waiting for her to wake up, so they could
continue with their preparations.&nbsp; They had to let the drugs wear off
completely before applying more anesthesias for the first surgery.

&nbsp;

The
door opened and two huge men reached in and each grabbed an arm and a leg,
carrying her away down the long hallway outside the door.&nbsp; Kicking,
scream, and spitting mad, she was helpless as they easily carted her down to
the operating room, chatting casually to each other.

&nbsp;

&quot;This
one's a wild cat, eh Bill?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&nbsp;
Oh, she's not as bad as that Asian chick they brought in last week.&nbsp; I've
still got six stitches from her damn claws.&quot;

&nbsp;

Through
the doors, they lifted, then plopped her on the gurney, face up.&nbsp; Leaning,
both men pinned her arms painfully tight, outstretched over her head, while a
nurse locked the heavy, padded wrist restraints.&nbsp; Shifting grip to her
legs, they forced her ankles into widely spread stirrups and waited for the
nurse to finish securing her ankle restraints.&nbsp; Satisfied that she was
secure, the men left the room and returned to their normal duty posts.

&nbsp;

&quot;Just
relax for a minute,&quot; the nurse told Stephanie.&nbsp; &quot;The doctors will
be here shortly to explain the procedure.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
me GO!&nbsp; Help me! Somebody please help me!!&quot;&nbsp; Her voice was
shrill with panic.&nbsp; She was thrashing wildly and screaming bloody murder
when the two doctors walked in a few minutes later.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
my,&quot; said Steve.&nbsp; &quot;Gary, hook her up and start
a light drip, will you?&nbsp; Don't put her out just yet though.&nbsp; I need
to explain the procedure to her.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sure
thing. Steve.&quot;&nbsp; Gary flipped another
restraint over an elbow, locking one forearm down like a vise.&nbsp; Quickly he
inserted an IV needle, and administered a sedative.

&nbsp;

Eyes
half closing as the drug kicked in, Stephanie lost the strength to struggle,
limbs going numb.&nbsp; Still mostly alert, she watched helplessly as Steve
picked up the surgical scissors.&nbsp; &quot;That�s much better.&nbsp; Now, I
know you're very confused, so let me explain for a bit.&nbsp; Your stepfather
Jack has paid us to give you a few surgical modifications, and some training
that he feels will make you a better daughter.&nbsp; Your mother thinks you've
been sent off to boarding school, of course, to learn some manners, and she�s
not really expecting you to be home for quite some time.&nbsp; What else was
there, oh yes:&nbsp; The summer camp thing was just a ruse.&nbsp; They both
lied to you about that.&quot;

&nbsp;

Shaking
her head in denial, she continued to listen.

&nbsp;

&quot;So
then, let me explain a little about the procedure we have scheduled for you.
&nbsp;We're going to install some rather interesting hardware into your
body.&nbsp; More than a few items, actually, your stepfather really went all
out on your package.&nbsp; We can discuss the details of exactly what
we�re installing at a later time.&nbsp; So, let�s see what we have to work
with, and then we can get started, shall we?&quot;

&nbsp;

Raising
the scissors, he started at one ankle and began cutting her loose sweat pants up
the outside of her leg, all the way to the waist band.&nbsp; As she realized
what he was doing, she began screaming once more.

&nbsp;

&quot;NOOO,
STOP, DON'T!&quot; she cried.

&nbsp;

Shearing
through the other pant leg, once he reached the waistband again, he lifted and
pulled her shredded sweats away.&nbsp; Next he started on her shirt, cutting it
up the middle, and then doing each arm inward to her neck. &nbsp;The shirt
joined the pants in the trash bin next to the operating table.&nbsp; She wasn't
wearing a bra, which left only two more quick snips to remove her cute little
panties.

&nbsp;

Steve
began examining her entire body, running hands firmly along every inch, looking
for any flaws they might have to fix later.&nbsp; Fondling each breast firmly,
he verified that they were supple and smooth, with no lumps or blemishes.&nbsp;
Taking a critical look at her spread vigina, he ran fingers through her lips
for a minute, the grunted.&nbsp; �You loose the bet, Bill,� he commented. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
disappointing young lady!&quot; he scolded Stephanie.&nbsp; &quot;Your
stepfather had expected that you were still a virgin.&nbsp; Oh well, it�s
nothing that we can't fix.&nbsp; Gary, make a note on her
chart and green light the extended training.&nbsp; She�s not a virgin to begin
with, so we might as well take advantage and train her fully.&nbsp; We can
schedule a revirgination just before delivery.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
got it.&nbsp; Are we ready to go now?&quot; he replied.

&nbsp;

&quot;Just
about.&nbsp; Go ahead and up the drip while I lay out my tools.&quot;

&nbsp;

Turning
back to Stephanie, he said, &quot;We'll talk more when you wake up.&quot;

&nbsp;

Steve
decided to begin the procedure with the trickiest part.&nbsp; Threading a hair
fine needle with a nearly invisible wire, he began installing the clitoral
stimulator lead.&nbsp; Patiently isolating her tiny clit between thumb and
forefinger, he exactingly inserted the needle down the perfect center of the
shaft.&nbsp; Cutting a small hole inside her belly button, he inserted a
special to and manipulated the grip to pull the needle into her abdomen.&nbsp;
With another tool, he stripped a half inch of insulation from the end of the wire,
exposing bare copper.&nbsp; He then carefully pulled the wire through into her
abdomen to take up the slack.&nbsp; Pausing, he pulled the last inch very
carefully, making sure the exposed copper ended just at the extreme tip,
occupying her entire clitoral shaft.

&nbsp;

To
make sure the sharp wire stayed put, so it could not be driven in to an
unsuspecting penis during sex, for example, a knot was stitched with the wire,
where it entered her abdomen.&nbsp; Working carefully, four more stimulus wires
were then inserted through and into each vaginal lip, evenly spaced along the
entire length.&nbsp; Next, a dozen heavier control leads were installed in
three rings around her vaginal cannel, capable of driving her muscles to
contract tightly.&nbsp; Hours of painfully precise work, requiring intense
concentration, but these doctors were true artists, and took pride in a job
well done.

&nbsp;

Exhausted,
the doctors finally wrapped it up for the day, closing her belly button and
leaving the wires spooled neatly inside her abdominal cavity for now.&nbsp;
Eight straight hours is a long time for delicate micro surgery, but the hardest
phase was done

&nbsp;

Waking
slowly, Stephanie was very weak from the drugs still in her system.&nbsp;
Awareness returned, and with it pain.&nbsp; Her pussy was on fire, like someone
had invaded it with a wire brush.&nbsp; This wasn�t to far from the truth,
actually.&nbsp; Moaning softly, she lay still and thought evil thoughts about
Jack.&nbsp; No way is he getting away with THIS, she thought.&nbsp; She lay in
bed all day and a night to give her time to recover, and then the next morning
was carted back to the table to be operated on again.

&nbsp;

More
wires were installed, both the heavy muscle control and fine stimulus leads,
three in the tongue, a dozen in the jaw muscles, each finger and toe, and
dozens in each limb.&nbsp; It took eight days to install all the hundreds of
wire runs and support hardware, with half that spent in recovery.&nbsp;
Additional sensors and control runs were installed that could detect muscle
position and stress, electrical impulses generated by her nervous system, even
a cellular modem for remote access and diagnostics.&nbsp; The eighth day was a
twelve hour marathon to install the six fuel cell membranes that would leach
sugar from her flowing blood and turn it into electricity.&nbsp; One more day
of rest followed, before they installed the internal computer controller, and
connected all the control leads.

&nbsp;

Almost
anticlimactic, the last operation was an easy four hour affair.&nbsp; The
hundreds of fine wires were carefully drawn out through her opened belly
button.&nbsp; Technicians carefully probed each one with a signal generator and
probe, to identify it�s location within her body, and then connected it to a
cigar shaped computer module.&nbsp; Once all the wires were connected and
tested, the computer was initialized and diagnostic programs ran checks on
every stimulator, muscle controller, and feedback sensor connection.&nbsp; Then
the unit was pushed carefully through her belly button, situated among her
intestines and secured in place.&nbsp; She was then carefully sealed up, belly
button stitched closed.&nbsp; As promised, ten days for hardware install, and
testing.

&nbsp;

She
was given four full days to recover and adjust.&nbsp; She was left locked in
her small cell, naked and cold, with nothing in the room but a bare cot and a
large pot in one corner to serve as a toilet. &nbsp;She could move around a
little, but was very sore.&nbsp; Stephanie spent the next four days completely
alone, knowing that some kind of unspeakable medical procedure had been done to
her, trying unsuccessfully not to think about it.&nbsp; She wept.&nbsp; She
cried.&nbsp; She pleaded, and fought, and banged her head.&nbsp; Nothing
helped.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part 3:&nbsp; Basic Training

&nbsp;

On
the morning of the fifth day, the lights in her cell turned up brightly of a
sudden, and a cheerful voice announced, &quot;Good morning!&nbsp; It's time to
begin your training.&nbsp; Listen carefully and obey each of my commands.&nbsp;
For your information, I am not a live person, I am a computer program.&nbsp; I
will be monitoring your response to each of my commands.&nbsp; Disobedience or
inaction will be punished.&nbsp; Repeated disobedience will be severely
punished.&nbsp; I will be your trainer for the next several days, until you
learn the basics.&quot;

&nbsp;

Still
shaking sleep out of her eyes, Stephanie was only half listening, wishing she
could go back to sleep.

&nbsp;

&quot;First,
I�ll give you a light demonstration of your new hardware. &nbsp;You've had
installed a large number of controls and sensors that will allow us to
eventually take complete control of your body.&nbsp; I will briefly touch each
stimulation point lightly, to demonstrate the possibilities to you.&nbsp;
Should you disobey any command given to you, I can use much more forceful
stimulus on any or all of these points as punishment.&nbsp; Are you
ready?&quot;

&nbsp;

Stephanie
was sitting silently, eyes closing, when she felt a sharp stab of pain, like
being poked with a pin, strike her clit.&nbsp; Screaming, she jumped out of
bed, wide awake at last.

&nbsp;

&quot;You�re
first lesson.&nbsp; You will respond 'Yes Master' or 'No Master' when asked a
question.&nbsp; Also, from now on, you will speak only when spoken to.&nbsp; Do
you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Again
she hesitated, glaring at the walls of the empty room.&nbsp; This time the jolt
was twice as hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;OOOOWWWW&quot;
she screamed, rubbing her pussy.

&nbsp;

&quot;Incorrect
response.&quot;&nbsp; She was jolted once again, even harder than the first two
times.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do
you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Dancing
around on tip toes, she cried out, &quot;MMMPPP!!&nbsp; y.. yes&quot;

&nbsp;

ZAP
ZAP ZAAPP!&nbsp; &quot;OH GOD STOP!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Incorrect
response, please answer 'Yes Master' or 'No Master'&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
master&quot; she said quickly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
good.&nbsp; Are you ready for me to continue the demonstration?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
master.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
good.&nbsp; Pay attention now.&nbsp; Move to the center of the room and stand
up straight. &quot;

&nbsp;

Uncertain,
she did as instructed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
good.&nbsp; Now spread your legs apart two feet.&quot;

&nbsp;

Self
consciously, she complied.

&nbsp;

&quot;Each
of the following is a stimulation point that I can control within your
body.&nbsp; There is almost no limit to the amount of pain that can be applied
to each of these locations.&nbsp; For now, I will apply only a light
demonstration tap to demonstrate function.&quot;

&nbsp;

A
mild jolt stabbed her clitoris, and then a row of pin pricks traced a line down
one vaginal lip, and then moved back up the other to end at her clit again.

&nbsp;

�Ooo
OOOww!� she screamed, and began dancing, digging at her pussy with her
fingers.&nbsp; Sudden raging pain engulfed her crotch and legs, and she
collapsed in agony.

&nbsp;

&quot;Return
to position, stand still, and remain quiet.&quot;

&nbsp;

Stammering
out a 'Yes master,' she fought her way back to her feet, tears gushing from
both eyes.

&nbsp;

The
demonstration continued for about two more hours, until she was ready to
collapse from exhaustion.&nbsp; She�d had to clench her mouth shut and hold her
whole body rigid for the entire time to keep from flying into frenzy, earning
more punishment.&nbsp; Finally, the computerized trainer announced a break and
ordered her to eat breakfast.

&nbsp;

Twenty
minutes later her training began in earnest.

&nbsp;

For
the next six hours the voice called out a slow, continuous string of
commands.&nbsp; Sending a small signal to one or more points, she would be
ordered to move an arm or leg just so, turn, bend at the waist, knee, or neck,
etc.&nbsp; Stephanie got off to a bad start, missing command after command, or
responding to slowly.&nbsp; Crying out at painful punishments, she would earn
another for not remaining quiet.&nbsp; She finally began to get the hang of it
after about a painful hour of trial and error.&nbsp; New commands were given
verbally first, with a pattern of stimulation to be memorized.&nbsp; After a
couple repetitions, she was supposed to be able to recognize the command indicated
by the patterns of mild pain being generated at various points within her
body.&nbsp; If she forgot the correct response, she was instructed to stand
still through three repetitions of the order, receiving a punishment for each
failure to respond.&nbsp; Performing an incorrect action did not count as one
of these repetitions.&nbsp; Then the computer would recognize that she�d
forgotten a command, and give it again verbally, after a severe
punishment for not paying attention.

&nbsp;

Five
hours later, exhaustion had begun to take its toll, but she was making real
progress.&nbsp; The trainer was able to walk her around the room at various
speeds, steering her around corners and positioning her body in various
poses.&nbsp; Then she began falling behind and making mistakes, unable to move
her exhausted arms and legs quickly enough, earning ever increasing
punishments.&nbsp; Programmed to look for this as part of the calibration
process, the trainer pushed harder, faster, doling out more severe
punishments.&nbsp; At seven and a half hours she collapsed to the floor,
unmoving.&nbsp; After five minutes of severe punishment could not make her
rise, the lights dimmed and she was left in peace.&nbsp; Sprawled unconscious
on the floor, she did not stir until awakened eight hours later.

&nbsp;

Lights
flashing bright, the voice blasted into the room, &quot;On your feet!&quot;

&nbsp;

Stephanie
cringed, startled awake, then scrambled upward at the warning jolt stabbed
lightly at her nipples.

&nbsp;

Without
preamble, the program began training once again.&nbsp; &quot;Today we�re going
to see if you remember yesterday�s training.&quot;&nbsp; The computer then
began issuing silent commands, stimulating different points in patterns that
she had learned the day before.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;Not
yet fully awake, she began obeying the silent orders. Moving arms out over hear
head and then back, was replaced by spreading her legs wide, then back.&nbsp;
The she was silently directed to both actions at once.&nbsp; Soon she was
rapidly performing jumping jacks to keep up with the pace of the signals being
sent.&nbsp; A few minutes in to this routine, something snapped, and she made a
dash for the door, screaming �Let me out of here!�&nbsp; Pounding on the door,
flailing her arms, she screamed and cried out in frustration.

&nbsp;

Sudden
stabbing pain assaulted her body. A five in diameter circle on her belly that
felt like someone was poking her repeatedly with a pin began to roam slowly
over her chest, across one boob, over her shoulder, snaking it�s way down her
back.&nbsp; Screaming, she began pawing at her skin, tracing the roaming area
of pain.&nbsp; Working it�s way down her back, it traveled over her butt crack,
traversing her vagina on its� way up her chest once more.&nbsp; Collapsing in
agony, she huddled on the floor, writhing and begging, �Stop! Please Stop!�
over and over again.

&nbsp;

&quot;Move
to the center of the room and stand still.&quot;

&nbsp;

Head
hung low in defeat; she climbed slowly to her feet and complied.&nbsp; Resuming
where it had left off, the trainer began once more issuing commands.&nbsp;
Running, jumping, sitting, standing, she did exercises for hours, until she was
drenched in sweat.&nbsp; The day seemed like it would never end, and she was
exhausted when the voice finally announced that it was time for bed.&nbsp; The
lights went low and she stumbled over to her bed and fell asleep almost
instantly.

&nbsp;

Over
the next four days, working 18 hours a day, she was trained to respond to
hundreds of commands.&nbsp; Practice, and punishment, failure and success, she
was trained to know signal after signal, and respond immediately.&nbsp; Any
hesitation or wrong response was punished with increasingly painful corrections.&nbsp;
Her one last deliberately disobedient tantrum was rewarded with a full night of
screaming punishment, covering her entire body with traveling agony.

&nbsp;

Part 4:&nbsp; Advanced Training

&nbsp;

On
the sixth morning when she was awakened for her routine, the door to her cell
was standing open.&nbsp; As usual she was immediately instructed to begin her
stretches prior to her hour long exercise ordeal.&nbsp; Obeying, all through
the vigorous workout she kept glancing at the open cell door, wondering with
foreboding what the day held in store.&nbsp; Today, after her workout, instead
of walking her through new commands, or practicing old one, she was signaled to
walk forward, out into the hallway.&nbsp; She obeyed the instructions, which
took her down the hall and through the complex for a long, hard run.

&nbsp;

Self
conscious at her nudity for the first time in weeks, she cringed inside each
time she passed people in the hallway.&nbsp; Soon she found herself jogging
down corridors, through rooms, even up and down stairs.&nbsp; People, mostly
men, were everywhere, and most held out hands to touch her naked form as she
passed.&nbsp; Obediently, she continued to race past, trying to ignore the
hands fondling her naked, vulnerable body.

&nbsp;

Drenched
in sweat after running for more than an hour, she was led at last into a men�s
bathroom to do her business on a stall-less toilet.&nbsp; She was then directed
into an open shower, allowed to get truly cleaned up for the first time in over
almost two weeks.&nbsp; Afterward she was marched to another room for her first
session with a human trainer.

&nbsp;

She
was directed to a large open room, filled with various items that she tried not
to look closely at. &nbsp;Moving to the center of the room, she waited as
instructed.&nbsp; A man walked in to the room from behind her, carrying what
looked like a large TV remote control. As she watched, the man began pushing
buttons and she felt sharp, silent commands being issued. Come Here.&nbsp;
Neel. &nbsp;Mouth Open.&nbsp; Sit Still.&nbsp; She obeyed immediately, chills
running down her spine as the function of the remote control registered in her
mind.

&nbsp;

Without
saying a word, the man had positioned her for a blow job.&nbsp; Dropping his
drawers, he whipped out a respectable cock and pressed another button.&nbsp;
Two jolts hit the tip of Stephanie's tongue.

&nbsp;

Panicked,
she did not know that signal.&nbsp; She stared in fright at the man.&nbsp;
&quot;Suck my cock,&quot; he said, pressing the button again.&nbsp; Revolted,
she reluctantly started taking his cock into her mouth, obviously trying to
avoid touching it.&nbsp; Touching a mild pain button, the man said, &quot;Use
your tongue.&nbsp; In and out, all the way down into your throat.&nbsp;
This,&quot; he tapped a button, sending a new tongue signal, &quot;means
faster.&nbsp; This,&quot; another button, &quot;means slower.&quot;&nbsp; One
more button send four jolt down her tongue, from tip to tonsils.&nbsp;
&quot;This means deeper, and if I repeat it, it means slide my cock down your
throat and begin swallowing motions repeatedly until I say stop.&quot;

&nbsp;

Playing
maestro on the remote, he began directing her first blow job.&nbsp; When he
signaled Swallow she thought for sure that she would puke, but managed to get
it in.&nbsp; The man grabbed her head and pulled, ramming deeper. 

&nbsp;

Mouth
wide open, she tasted his hairy ball-sack filling her mouth as she began long
swallowing motion down her throat.&nbsp; Uncomfortably, she continued for
several minutes, and then felt thick liquid filling her throat.&nbsp; Gagging,
she tried to pull out, but he held her head down and rammed his cock
deeper.&nbsp; Choking, she swallowed desperately, which served to milk more cum,
heightening his orgasm, extending his ejaculation.&nbsp; She swallowed and
swallowed, until he finally ran dry.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
God!&quot; moaned the man.&nbsp; &quot;THAT'S what I'm talking about!&quot;

&nbsp;

Face,
mouth, and throat covered in cum, Stephanie hung her head low in shame once the
man finally pulled out of her mouth.&nbsp; A dark wave of humiliation and
despair washed over her as the man dressed and moved across the room.&nbsp;
Then it was time to continue.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lets
get started, shall we?&nbsp; Open that chest against the wall.&quot;

&nbsp;

Obeying,
she found that it was full of clothes.&nbsp; She felt a tingle spiral around
both legs from ankle to crotch.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
means to get dressed.&quot;

&nbsp;

Startled,
then eager, she dove into the chest and began pulling out clothes.&nbsp;
Panties.&nbsp; Bra.&nbsp; Socks.&nbsp; Blouse.&nbsp; Mini-skirt.&nbsp; Dressed
for the first time in weeks, it actually felt strange to be covered.&nbsp; The
man pressed Come Here, and she jumped up and ran over to stand in front him of
him automatically.&nbsp; He pressed another button and the spiral tingle ran
down her legs from crotch to ankle.

&nbsp;

Familiarity
with many other commands prompted her to begin undressing before the man had to
explain that signal.&nbsp; For two hours the man made her practice dress, and
undress, until she could do both quickly.&nbsp; Then, after one last Dress, he
hit a new button.&nbsp; Spiral tingles pulsed down then up both legs several
times, quickly.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Expecting
to undress, Stephanie froze at the new signal.&nbsp; &quot;That means Strip
Tease.&nbsp; Dance for me, while you slowly remove your clothes, piece by
piece.&quot;

&nbsp;

Uncertainly,
Stephanie tried to comply, adjusting her actions as the man made
comments.&nbsp; The rest of the session was spent practicing Strip Tease, until
she could give the man a solid woody by the time she was naked.

&nbsp;

Just
before the six hour session was over, he commanded another blow job.&nbsp; She
still wasn't very good at it, and the man had to grab her by the hair and fuck
her throat to finish, but he sent her to her next assignment with a mouth full
of cum.

&nbsp;

The
rest of the day consisted of two more training sessions. First came
&quot;Etiquette&quot; and she spent six hours learning how to be a proper lady.
The final session was &quot;Pain Tolerance&quot; which mostly consisted of
standing still while being whipped or spanked, or being punished quite
painfully for NOT standing still.&nbsp; She found that it was far more degrading
responding to a person pressing buttons on a remote, than it was obeying a
computer voice, alone in her cell.&nbsp; It was much worse again when they made
her perform for an audience.

&nbsp;

Six
men greeted her the next morning when she arrived at her first session. They
started by passing the remote around every few minutes, each man toying with
her.&nbsp; She was punished twice while practicing Strip Tease, to make her put
more heart in it.&nbsp; She was then forced to work her way through all six men
three times, giving blow jobs.&nbsp; This time she had to do all the work, and
she couldn't finish each man until a good wad of cum went down her
throat.&nbsp; Anything that hit the floor had to be licked up. When she finally
finished one man said,&nbsp; &quot;That was your breakfast bitch, hope you
enjoyed it&quot;

&nbsp;

The
rest of the session was a nightmare.&nbsp; The six men passed around the
remote, sending command after confusing command.&nbsp; She struggled to keep
up, but was frequently punished for missing something, or responding to
slow.&nbsp; At the end of the session it was lunch time. The six men each
demanded a blow job before sending her on to the next session. Swallowing a
heaping wad of cum from each man, she was again informed that this was her
meal.

&nbsp;

More
training in the afternoon, more pain, more humiliation later, it was finally
dinner time.&nbsp; The man with the remote flipped a switch and the computer
trainer took over.&nbsp; She was led through an extra intense exercise routine,
then a flat out run for several miles around and around the complex.&nbsp; Finally
she was led in to an open locker room to take a shower. Completely exhausted,
she hardly noticed the men fondling her.&nbsp; Once cleaned up, the computer
drove her to the cafeteria instead of her cell.&nbsp; She was made to give head
to all comers for the rest of the night.&nbsp; Stephanie was starving. She'd
been working hard all day, and had had nothing to eat except a large
amount of come. She was finally allowed a real meal. Informed that she had been
a &quot;good girl&quot; today, she wall given free access to the buffet. After
a good hearty meal she was once more steered into her cell for the night.

&nbsp;

The
next day started what would be her routine for the next six weeks. Awakened at
dawn, she was run through a vigorous bit of exercise, and then driven by
preprogrammed commands to a room with 7 or 8 waiting men. Blow jobs for
breakfast continued until all the men were satisfied.&nbsp;

After
breakfast she was led to a training room.&nbsp; Tools of pain and bondage lined
the walls, and she was led into the center of the room.

&nbsp;

&quot;Legs
apart.&nbsp; Bend down and grab your ankles.&quot;&nbsp; A new signal pattern
tingled her butt cheeks.&nbsp; &quot;That is the command to assume this
position.&nbsp; Remain there until told otherwise.&quot;

&nbsp;

Striding
to a table, the man picked up a pencil thick rubber rod about two feet
long.&nbsp; Stephanie felt the man step up behind her, then spread her ass
cheeks.&nbsp; Without warning, pain bloomed as the man rapidly rammed a foot of
the rod into her ass.

&nbsp;

&quot;AAAH...
AAAAAAH... OOOOWW!&quot; she cried, legs spasming.&nbsp; Somehow she managed to
maintain her stance.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;Grabbing
the protruding rod with both hands, her yanked it out hard, waited a few
seconds, then drove it home again.

&nbsp;

&quot;OH
GOD!&nbsp; PLEASE STOP!&quot; Stephanie screamed.

&nbsp;

Again,
and again, and again, the man sodomized her ass, while she begged for
mercy.&nbsp; Then he switched to a new tool.&nbsp; Using a riding crop he began
whipping her body.&nbsp; Legs, arms, back butt, he finally reached her crotch
and began smacking her pussy thoroughly.&nbsp; She collapsed and huddled in a
ball at this assault, screaming.

&nbsp;

Stepping
back, the man pressed the maximum punishment button, which until now Stephanie
had never experienced.&nbsp; Inside her body, hundreds of pain controls lit up,
sending fire racing up every nerve in her body.&nbsp; In addition, hundreds
more muscle controls activated, locking parts of her body rigid and setting off
painful muscle spasms everywhere.&nbsp; She wanted to scream.&nbsp; She wanted
to die.&nbsp; Clenched muscles and pain barely allowed her to breathe.

&nbsp;

&quot;H...
Hhh... Hhh..&quot; she rasped.

&nbsp;

The
pain command was currently programmed for one minute.&nbsp; He waited for it to
end, then three more minutes to let her recover, before pressing the command to
resume her stance.

&nbsp;

Fortunately
for her, Stephanie responded immediately, struggling to get up.&nbsp; Because
she was obviously trying, the man didn't punish her again when it took over
five minutes to get her legs in control enough to stand.

&nbsp;

Returning
to the work bench, the man grabbed another dildo.&nbsp; This one was thicker,
and had cruel ridges and bumps projecting along the shaft.&nbsp; Placing it
firmly against her pussy this time, he began forcing about fourteen inches of
shaft in and out steadily.

&nbsp;

Screaming,
Stephanie locked her legs, gripped her ankles, and clenched her eyes tight,
trying to endure the pain.

&nbsp;

Touching
a button on the remote, the man forced the girls' vaginal muscles to contract,
gripping the dildo firmly. Then, using two hands, he continued his rape for
half an hour.

&nbsp;

With
the computer forcing her pussy muscles to clench, it felt like she was having a
painful muscle spam inside her the whole time.&nbsp; Cumined with the continued
penetration, it felt like she was being ripped open. 

&nbsp;

&quot;WWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!&quot;
she cried.&nbsp; She quivered, but did not resist, fearing even worse
punishment. 

&nbsp;

Six
hours of penetration sex training was followed by six more of oral. This
session included men and women both. She was forced to learn how to please both
sexes, using only her tongue, lips, and in some cases, throat. 

&nbsp;

Her
third session for the day was all about personal care and maintenance. She was
taught makeup, hair styling, proper dress for various occasions, and most
especially body care. She practiced self waxing for hair removal until she'd
stripped her entire body twice over.

&nbsp;

Session
followed session, day followed day, she was trained in every aspect of being
the slave she was to become: Proper decorum and manners, swift obedience to
commands, acceptance of pain. She learned when to obey instructions literally,
where even breathing without orders was punished, and when she should follow
the spirit of the command and simply be on her best behavior.

&nbsp;

51
days into her training, the staff was nearly ready to conclude her training and
send her home. A few steps remained to be completed, however. A final bit of
surgery was performed to repair her hymen, and severely tighten both vaginal
and anal tracks. Then only one stage remained in her training.

&nbsp;

Thoroughly
dominated by her training at this point, Stephanie complied listlessly as she
was led, step by step, down the corridor.&nbsp; Not even caring where they
wanted her to go anymore, she had her head hung low and her eyes shut, and
simply obeyed each command to step, turn, open doors, etc.

&nbsp;

Near
her destination a door opened in front of her, and she looked up at last.&nbsp;
Piercing screams could be heard from somewhere down the hall.&nbsp; Moving
forward again, she walked down and to the right, into a moderately large
room.&nbsp; A dozen cages lined the walls, and six had women in them.&nbsp;
One, a slender beauty about 23 years old, was the source of the screams.&nbsp;
Writhing and thrashing inside her cage, Stephanie could not see what was
causing her distress.

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
mind Melinda, my dear&quot; a man said from behind her.&nbsp; &quot;She's only
been here a day.&nbsp; She'll quiet down in a few more days, when her voice
goes.&quot;&nbsp; He chuckled and laid an arm around her shoulder to steer her
to another cage.

&nbsp;

Looking
more carefully, Stephanie suddenly that ALL of these women were in agony.&nbsp;
Writhing, quivering, mouthing silent screams.&nbsp; Suddenly terrified,
Stephanie focused sharply on the man and listened as he explained.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
see, you are nearly ready to be sent home, to begin your new life.&nbsp; But
before we let you go, you need to understand that you can never again be
free.&nbsp; Any attempt to escape, to tell someone what we've done to you, even
simple disobedience to your owner, will land you here for punishment, probably
for the rest of your life. You need to be given a taste of what can happen to
you if you ever fail to completely satisfy your owner.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
me introduce you around.&nbsp; This is Carrie,&quot; he indicated a skinny red
head, about 27 years old.&nbsp; &quot;Her husband purchased her training about
5 years ago, but she tried going straight to the police the first time he left
her home alone.&nbsp; We disabled her before she could leave the house of
course, and she's been here ever since.&quot;

&nbsp;

Moving
on she was directed to two blonds, who must have been twins.&nbsp; &quot;We
don't usually pick up runaways, but Mary and Sarah here were special.&nbsp; We
got them for free off the street, and made quite a nice profit off their sale.&nbsp;
Unfortunately, their owner was rather a harsh task master.&nbsp; He kept
sending them back for punishment.&nbsp; What was it again?&nbsp; Oh yes, they
wouldn't stand still properly while he used their pussy for an ash tray.&nbsp;
We had to collect and train another pair to replace these two, rather a
bother.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Anyway,
this next woman is Rachael. &nbsp;I do believe she'll 35 in a few weeks.&nbsp;
She's been here since she was about your age, our very first failure.&nbsp;
Also our best object lesson too,&quot; he smiled.

&nbsp;

Rachel
was just a quivering heap on the floor.&nbsp; Drool, feces, and urine covered
the cage floor.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
these last two are fellow trainee's, like yourself.&nbsp; You see, we've found
that simple demonstrations and warning aren't enough.&nbsp; Until you lived it,
had the pain burned into your subconscious, you just don't know what's at
stake.&nbsp; You've already met Melinda there, who just started yesterday, and
this dark haired beauty here is Angela.&nbsp; She's been here 6 days now, and
we should be letting her out tomorrow.&quot;

&nbsp;

Angela
was almost as active as Melinda, dancing, squirming, obviously trying to
scream, but her voice was lost.

&nbsp;

With
a gentle push from behind, Stephanie was driven into a cage, next to Melinda.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
need to understand, this is not a punishment.&nbsp; You've done nothing wrong.&nbsp;
In fact, you've been a very good girl, or you wouldn't be here.&nbsp; This is
training, to teach you what can happen at the slightest disobedience, once you
return home. You need to know that no matter what your owner demands, no
matter how painful it seems, it's nothing compared with
what we'll do to you if you're brought for discipline.&nbsp; Your owner has
paid for complete control, and if he wants you the sit on hot coals, stab
yourself with a knife, or jump off the roof, you'd better obey!&nbsp; Now then,
lets begin.&quot;

&nbsp;

Latching
shut the door, the man pulled out her remote and hit a button.&nbsp; Randomly,
throughout her body, muscles began to clench painfully, then relax.&nbsp;
Twitching and dancing in pain, she tried not to cry.&nbsp; Then the man pressed
another button and sharp pain exploded briefly at her crotch, then faded
slowly.&nbsp; A few seconds apart, pain blossomed in one tit, then down her
leg, and so on, randomly.&nbsp; The constant muscle spasms went on, beginning
to leave the burning pain of exhaustion.&nbsp; Screaming, Stephanie fell to her
knees and begged, &quot;PLEASE STOP, PLEASE STOP, I'LL DO ANYTHING, PLEASE
STOOOPP!&quot;

&nbsp;

Turning
out the lights, the man left them all in the dark.&nbsp; Screaming, pain
continued to build.&nbsp; Her muscles were screaming agony after only an hour,
and the painful electrical jolts kept getting harder and faster.

&nbsp;

By
morning, Melinda had lost most of her voice, but Stephanie was emitting one
long, piercing shriek.&nbsp; The next day, Angela was led away at last.&nbsp;
Melinda and Stephanie endured, day after day.&nbsp; Food was brought in a dog
dish.&nbsp; Stephanie, starving, ate raggedly, fighting wrenching muscle spasms
to swallow the bland mush.&nbsp; After 7 days of pure hell, Stephanie was
finally let out, taken away to get ready for delivery. Melanie had been removed
the day before, and Stephanie's last day was spent wondering about her fate.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
was returned to her original cell for three days of rest.&nbsp; Even then she
was weak on her feet when she was marched up to the shower to get cleaned
up.&nbsp; It was decided to hold her an extra three days, for recovery.&nbsp;
Morning stretches were followed by strenuous exercise for most of each day,
ending in a few hours of entertaining the male staff before bed.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Finally,
she was judged to be in good physical shape, and, demonstrating her eagerness
to please, she was dressed, and marched upstairs, into a plain white van.&nbsp;
Blind fold on her head, the van drove off.

&nbsp;

Some
three hours later the blind fold was removed, and she was let out at her
home.&nbsp; Jack stood waiting, smiling hungrily at her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Here
you go sir,&quot; one of the men said, handing Jack the remote control.&nbsp;
&quot;We hope you enjoy your purchase.&quot;&nbsp; Climbing back in, the van
drove off.

&nbsp;

Part 5: Welcome Home

&nbsp;

&quot;Lets'
go inside.&nbsp; Your mother's visiting your aunt today.&nbsp; She'll be home
for diner.&quot;

&nbsp;

Silently,
Stephanie followed Jack in, then down to the basement.

&nbsp;

Jack
spent a few minutes studying the commands on the remote, and then pressed
Undress.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Sighing
inside, knowing worse was coming, Stephanie quickly removed her clothes.

&nbsp;

Practicing,
Jack toyed with the commands, marching her around the room.&nbsp; Obeying
blindly, she tripped and stumbled, ran into walls, and banged her head on
furniture as Jack got the hang of the remote.

&nbsp;

Selecting
Dress to put her clothes back on, he then enjoyed a long, slow, Strip
Tease.&nbsp; Almost bursting a seam in hard erection as she bent over slowly to
remove her panties, he pressed On The Bed.

&nbsp;

Looking
around, she saw a new bed in the spare room.&nbsp; Walking over, she lay down
and spread her legs.&nbsp; Eyes clenched, she felt Jack climb on top.

&nbsp;

Before
setting down the remote, he pressed Quiet.&nbsp; From a drawer he removed a
tube of KY and smeared a gob on her pussy, rubbing it all over, then coated his
penis, tip to stern.&nbsp; Lining up carefully, he pressed his penis against
her vagina and worked his head past her lips, then plunged in to the
hilt.&nbsp; Hours of practice had taught her to accept the nauseating pain of
forced penetration, but nothing could prepare her for the pain of having her
newly revirginated and surgically tightened pussy ripped suddenly open.

&nbsp;

&quot;OOOOOWWW!!!&quot;
she screamed, thrashing.&nbsp; Her computer, registering her scream after being
ordered to be quiet, administered a sharp correction, jabbing hard at her clit
several times.

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMPH!&quot;,
she responded, and received an even more vicious jab at clit, and both tits.

&nbsp;

What
Stephanie felt as a crushingly painful electric jolt applied from inside her
clitoris, Jack felt as an erotically pleasant tingle against his
balls.&nbsp;&nbsp; Enjoying the feel, he continued plowing her pussy, quickly
blowing his wad, too pent up from anticipation to last long.

&nbsp;

Pulling
out, Jack stuck his penis in Stephanie's mouth and made her suck it
clean.&nbsp; Grabbing the remote, he pressed Shower, and watched her shuffle
into the bathroom and turn on the water.&nbsp; Then, thinking &quot;What the
hell...&quot; he decided to join her.&nbsp; Stepping in to the shower behind
her, he took the soap from her hand and began exploring her rock hard naked
body.

&nbsp;

Aroused
once more, he couldn't help himself.&nbsp; Grabbing a tit with each hand, he
crushed her tender flesh and drove her ass down onto his erect cock.&nbsp;
Still under command to remain silent, she stifled a groan and relaxed into it
as Jack plowed into her from behind. If anything, it hurt even worse having her
ass ripped open from behind.&nbsp; Eventually, clean and satiated for now, Jack
canceled her Silence order and sent her to her room to get dressed.

&nbsp;

15
minutes later she was summoned by a Come Here order.&nbsp; Racing downstairs,
Stephanie looked for her step father.&nbsp; Finding him in the living room, she
hurried to stand in front of him, hiding her loathing.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girl.&nbsp; Now, your mother thinks you've been away learning to be a proper
girl, obedient and respectful of your parents.&nbsp; From now on you are going
to be a perfect angel, the girl all the other mothers hold up as an
example.&nbsp; To help you with this, I've programmed a few new signals.&quot;

&nbsp;

Hefting
the remote, he demonstrated, pressing buttons and explaining what the new
signals meant.&nbsp; &quot;This one is �Do the Dishes�, here's �Make Your Bed�,
�Clean Your Room�, �Vacuum The House�,� Clean The Bathroom�...&quot; he
continued demonstrating commands for a while, making her repeat the commands
until she had them down.&nbsp; At last he was confident that she knew her new tasks.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
going to put you on automatic now, so be a good girl.&nbsp; I don't want to
come back and find you comatose from being punished.&quot;&nbsp; Jack flipped a
switch on the remote, and then took it upstairs to lock it away.

&nbsp;

During
her training, Jack had had plenty of time to work with the programmers and
develop an awesome suite of automatic behaviors.&nbsp; Programs in firmware
came alive and began monitoring and directing Stephanie.

&nbsp;

Shocked
by the implication that she would be a computer controlled slave even when she
was alone, she was startled to feel Clean Your Room a few minutes after Jack
had left the house.&nbsp; Experimentally, she ignored the command, hoping that
with no one watching, she could be free.&nbsp; One minute later, waves of pain
assaulted her crotch and tits, and then repeated, Clean Your Room.

&nbsp;

Sobbing,
she ran upstairs to begin.&nbsp; Hours later, she had vacuumed, cleaned
bathroom and kitchen, done the laundry, and hand washed a weeks worth of
dishes.&nbsp; She was just finishing cooking diner and was about to set the table
when her mother came home.&nbsp; Warned by several quick commands, she had
dried her eyes and turned to give her mom a big hug.&nbsp; With a happy
sounding &quot;Mommy!&quot; she ran across the room to her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wow,
diner on the table?&nbsp; And did you clean the house?&quot;

&nbsp;

Shyly,
she replied &quot;Yes mama.&nbsp; I'm sorry I haven't been a good daughter,
lately.&quot;

&nbsp;

Just
then Jack returned.&nbsp; &quot;Smells good, honey.&nbsp; Lets eat; your mother
has to get to work soon.&quot;

&nbsp;

A
pleasant diner, small talk, hugs and kisses later, Deirdre said good night to
Stephanie and left for work.&nbsp; Jack took a walk through the house,
inspecting every room, and closing all the blinds.&nbsp; As soon as everyone
stood up, Stephanie was signaled Clean The Dishes.&nbsp; Her mother was
surprised, but did not comment as began clearing the table a washing the
plates.

&nbsp;

By
the time she finished dishes, her mother had gone to work, and Jack returned,
remote in hand.&nbsp; &quot;The house looks pretty good, I'll give you a
9,&quot; he said, tapping on the remote.&nbsp; &quot;Diner was awful,
however.&nbsp; It deserves a 5, but I'll be kind today, and give it a
7.&quot;&nbsp; He punched it in on the remote.&nbsp; &quot;Anything less than a
perfect 10 on both will be punished, of course.&nbsp; Hmm, 7 and 9 comes to 2
hours, according to this.&nbsp; You've got 1 minute to get on the bed
downstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

Unable
to understand, she stood frozen until she felt the signal that meant On the Bed
jolt up her back.&nbsp; Running, she raced downstairs, and just made it.&nbsp;
Sudden spasms gripped her body, and pain began tracing circles around her
body.&nbsp; She was back in the cage, reliving her worst nightmares of pain
training.&nbsp; Two hours later it stopped, followed by Undress.&nbsp; Shower.

&nbsp;

After
she was clean she received Dress.&nbsp; Find Master.&nbsp; Walking swiftly, she
moved through the house, finding Jack on the toilet.&nbsp; She tried to close
the door, but he called out, &quot;No, come in.&quot;

&nbsp;

Waved
over, she kneeled down in front of where he sat on the toilet.&nbsp; Knee's
spread, he hefted his penis and said, &quot;Open your mouth.&quot;&nbsp;
Gripping the back of her head, she did not resist as he pulled her mouth over
his penis.

&nbsp;

&quot;Swallow,&quot;
he said, as he began to pee in her mouth.&nbsp; Weeks of discipline kept her
from gagging as she swallowed hot urine.&nbsp; When he was done he stood up and
turned around.&nbsp; &quot;Now like my ass clean.&quot;

&nbsp;

Revolted,
she had no choice but to comply.&nbsp; His shit wasn't much worse than eating cum
for four hours straight.&nbsp; Pulling up his pants and grabbing the remote, he
began showing her what her new life would be like.� Like a kid with a new toy, Jack picked up the
remote and began toying with it, sending conflicting commands, and making
Stephanie quickly shift from one action to another.� The computer automatically tracked her
performance, and swiftly her for any slow responses or mistakes that she made.� After an couple of hours, Jack sent her into
her own bedroom, and directed her to strip and get onto the bed.

&nbsp;

Laying
face up, with her legs spread, Stephanie cried silently inside as Jack climbed
once more on top of her.� Naked himself,
Jack drove his erect penis gently into her vagina as far as it would go, then
pressed a new button on the remote.�
Stephanie�s pussy began to squeeze and release his cock in waves
traveling in and out, as the computer activated the rings of muscle controls
embedded in her vagina walls.� Gasping at
the unexpected movement inside herself, Stephanie closed her eyes in
humiliation as her body unwillingly fucked her hated step father.� Jack leaned forward, grabbed the back of her
head, and lowered his lips to hers.�
Pressing tightly to her face, he began a long, passionate kiss, sliding
his tongue into her mouth.� Weeks of
training forced Stephanie to respond automatically, returning the kiss, tongue
and all, before she could even think about resistance.� Jack�s arms groped her body, his mouth
pressed tight to her face, and her vagina continued to stroke his penis for
half an hour or so, and she was beginning to get very sore inside.� The muscles of her vagina had never been
exercised before, and were by now burning with exhaustion.� She moaned and squirmed, and Jack finally
began working his penis inside her, driving hard for his own pleasure.� Just before he let go his wad at last, he
pulled out and rammed his dick down her throat, emptying a large load of cum
into her mouth.

&nbsp;

Satisfied
for the moment, Jack got off the bed, dressed, and pressed Release on the
remote.� Automatically checking the time,
her computer found it was WAY past her bed time, and sent Stephanie a command
to get ready for bed.&nbsp; Dressed in a short, silk night gown, with no
panties, she fell asleep almost instantly.

&nbsp;

At
5:00am her mother came home and went immediately to sleep.&nbsp; At 5:31
Stephanie was awakened by a severe jolt to all her sensitive locations, (she'd
slept through the first two milder commands.)&nbsp; Awake, she was directed to
silently creep down to the basement.&nbsp; Once downstairs, two floors below
her sleeping parents, she had to exercise.&nbsp; Exhausted, on only a few hours
of sleep, her new routine began.&nbsp; Three hours of forced exercise, with
heavy punishment for any lack of effort.&nbsp; Shower.&nbsp; Jack came down and
added a new twist before he went to eat breakfast.&nbsp; Walking in to the
shower he handed her a toothbrush.&nbsp; Tap, tap on the remote sent a strange
tingle from her clit, traveling deep inside.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
means to insert this all the way into your pussy.&quot;&nbsp; He waited,
watching as she reluctantly started to insert the toothbrush.&nbsp; &quot;Ah
ah... Bristles first.&nbsp; Nice try.&quot;

&nbsp;

Reversing
her grip, she drove the brush inside.&nbsp; A reverse to the first signal came,
and she pulled it out.&nbsp; Tap tap tap, whet the remote.&nbsp; &quot;There,
I've added that to your morning cleanup.&nbsp; Don't forget to turn the
bristles a bit on each stroke, or the computer will add punishment.&nbsp; Got
to keep that snatch clean now,&quot; he said cheerfully.&nbsp; Jack left the
bathroom just as the program began.&nbsp; An hour later, Stephanie had a very
clean, very sore pussy.&nbsp; After an hour of scrubbing her pussy with a
toothbrush, she then had to brush her teeth with it.&nbsp; Ordered to get
dressed at last, she began cleaning the basement.&nbsp; Trying to be extra thorough
today to avoid punishment, she also ran laundry and scrubbed every inch of the
bathroom.&nbsp; Jack had left a note to use her toothbrush when cleaning the
toilet.

&nbsp;

By
the time she finished cleaning the main floor, her mother was up, eating
breakfast.&nbsp; &quot;What're you doing dear?&quot; she asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nothing
mom, just cleaning the house.&nbsp; Leave everything to me, I'll take care of
it now.&quot;&nbsp; Choking back tears, she moved on to the upstairs as her
mother happily left to visit her friends.&nbsp; Mom hated cleaning, and usually
waited until Jack's bitching drove her to it.

&nbsp;

Day
after day, night after night, Stephanie learned her new role.� Terrified of being sent back to the clinic,
she had to play the happy, dutiful daughter whenever her mother was around.� She wanted so badly to tell her mom what had
been done to her, what Jack made her do whenever she was not home, but memories
of the cage, filled with burning pain that did not stop, kept her silent.� Jack used her mercilessly, usually not even
speaking to her, just tapping commands on the remote.� And so it went for the next month, until the
end of the summer break.&nbsp; Cleaning by day, violation by night, exhaustion
always, she was rarely allowed more than a few hours sleep.&nbsp; Each night
Jack gave her a rating for obedience, and performance.� She could never quite reach a perfect 10 in
either, and usually spend an hour or two in agony as punishment each night.

&nbsp;

Jack
added voice recognition and programmed his own and her mothers voices.&nbsp;
The slightest suggestion from either was enforced as a stern command by her
computer.&nbsp; She became a virtual slave for her mother.� Playing fashion model for her mother, she
helped her dress, get done up, even bathe, Stephanie became the perfect girly
girl that Deidre had always wanted.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;














Part 6:  Seducing Mommy




 
  Jeff Crystal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-07-12T15:27:00Z
  2006-07-12T15:27:00Z
  1
  3885
  22149
   
  184
  51
  25983
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Part
6:� Seducing
Mommy

&nbsp;

Jack
decided he wanted a bit more participation out of Deirdre, and came up with a
plan to slowly bring her in on his little secret.� Spending some time with the remote, Jack
added a few new commands to Stephanie�s daily routine, and then he spent a good
hour explaining exactly what he expected her to accomplish.� Over the next few days, Stephanie began
spending even more time with her mother during the day.� She was particularly eager to help her with
dressing and bathing, pampering her mother with back rubs, and body
massage.� Then one day she took the
plunge.� While assisting her mother with
a bath, after rubbing her body with soap and sponging lovingly at her soft,
silky skin, she began a tender bit of pussy licking.� Stephanie plunged her head under water,
between Deirdre�s legs, and gently inserted her tongue.

&nbsp;

�At first, shock held her mother still as
Stephanie began licking her clit.&nbsp; Hours of training at the clinic had
included many women, and Stephanie knew exactly how to please.� After a few shocked seconds, unable to
believe her own daughter would do such a thing, Deirdre was swept up in the
pure pleasure of it and, despite herself, began to relax and enjoy it.� Coming up for air every so often, Stephanie
took her time and drove her mother to a blazing orgasm, and then kept on going
to bring her to a second, and even a third wave of orgasmic release.&nbsp; Weak
in the knees after such a start to her day, Deirdre needed Stephanie�s help to
climb out of the tub.� Helping to dry off
her mother with a big, soft towel, she led her back to the master bedroom.� Gently pushing Deirdre back onto the bed, she
again brushed her tongue over her mother�s exposed vagina and began another
long, slow buildup of pleasure that finally exploded through her loins.� Eyes rolling up in the back of her head in
ecstasy, Deirdre heard her daughter comment, �That was fun mommy!� Can we do that again?�

&nbsp;

Almost
too ashamed of herself to admit it, Deirdre was very excited by the concept,
but was concerned about the consequences should anyone find out.� She wanted to say �No�, but one look at the
hopeful expression on Stephanie�s face and a moment�s pause at the remembered
pleasure of the last hour made her reply, �Sure sweetie, any
time you want.�

&nbsp;

Jack
made a point of being out of the house during the day for the next couple of
weeks, to give Deirdre plenty of time alone with Stephanie.� For the first few days Stephanie gave her
mother an excellent oral orgasm after her morning bath, taking longer to
complete each one.� Deirdre attempted
once or twice to return the pleasure, but Stephanie insisted that she didn�t
really like it that much, that she much preferred to give than receive.� Then one day she came upon her mother sitting
on the couch in her night gown, watching her soaps.� Crawling forward seductively on hands and knees, Stephanie pushed her head up her
mother�s gown and pushed in between her legs.�
Surprised at first, Deirdre relaxed into it, spreading her legs wide,
and continued to watch her show as her daughter began giving her an intensely
stimulating tongue job.

&nbsp;

As
the days progressed, Stephanie continued to give Deirdre more frequent and
longer oral sex, until it seemed that that was all they accomplished all
day.� After two weeks, Deirdre was actively
seeking out Stephanie several times a day to receive another of the intense
orgasm�s that Stephanie was so adept at producing.� After receiving a triple orgasm while lying
on her bed one afternoon, Stephanie broached the subject of Jack�

&nbsp;

�Mommy?�
she murmured, lying snuggled against Deirdre�s still quivering body.

&nbsp;

�Yes
dear?� she replied.

&nbsp;

�What
about Jack, mommy?� she asked.

&nbsp;

Suddenly
nervous, Deirdre asked, �What do you mean?�

&nbsp;

�Well,
we�re having all this fun all day, but what about Jack?� I mean�� she shyly let her voice fade away.

&nbsp;

Curious
at her normally headstrong daughter�s sudden shyness, Deidre encouraged her to
continue.� �Go on honey, finish your
sentence.�

&nbsp;

�Um.� Well, I, you know, I
don�t really like it when you lick me, and um, I�� she paused, face
flushing.� �Can we ask Jack to join us
mommy?� I bet I�d like it if he, well,
you know�� she stammered.

&nbsp;

Shame
and embarrassment raced through Deirdre as she contemplated the thought of a
threesome with Jack and her own daughter, but it was soon replaced by a growing
curiosity.� She really had felt bad that
she was receiving daily doses of extreme orgasm from Stephanie and was unable
to return any of the pleasure.� Running
scenarios through her mind quickly, she began to be rather erotically aroused
at the concept.� �Sure honey,� she
replied at last, �we can arrange that, but only if you�re sure that�s what you
really want.�

&nbsp;

�Oh
Please mommy!� she hopped up in excitement, �Can we do it tonight?�

&nbsp;

�Sure
sweetie� she said.� Thinking furiously, Deirdre
began planning how she was going to �seduce� Jack into having sex with their
daughter tonight.� Playing through
several increasingly complex and ridiculous scenarios in her mind, she finally
settled on a fairly direct approach.�
When Jack returned to the house that evening, Deirdre was waiting for
him at the door, wearing only a thin robe.�
Beckoning him with one raised finger to follow her upstairs, she said
seductively �I took the night off, and I�ve got a special surprise for you
upstairs!�

&nbsp;

Playing
along as if he didn�t know what was coming, Jack followed her upstairs into
their bedroom.� Running her hands over
his strong chest, Deirdre began urging Jack to remove his clothes.� Stripping and tossing items to the floor,
Jack complied, poking his hands under her robe teasingly as he went.� Once he was completely naked, Stephanie
stepped out of the bathroom, already completely naked.� Deirdre judged his reaction by the suddenly
hardening cock the poked into her waistline.�
Tossing her robe to the floor, she climbed onto the bed and spread her
legs wide.� Before he could move to join
her, Jack watched as Stephanie climbed up from the bottom of the bed.� Lying face down she buried her face in
Deirdre�s wide open pussy and began gently licking and sucking at it.� She was positioned so that her ass rested on
the edge of the bed, pointing straight at Jack.�
Lifting her legs off the floor, she spread them wide apart and wiggled
her ass at Jack.� �Surprise!�
Deirdre said, smiling nervously at her husband, still
not certain he would play along in the unorthodox little game.

&nbsp;

Stepping
up behind Stephanie, Jack watched both women intently as he gently began toying
with his penis against Stephanie�s exposed crotch.� Deirdre smiled encouragingly, and Stephanie
pressed backward into his cock eagerly, groaning demandingly.� Taking his stance, Jack began working his way
in, driving forward until his penis slammed to a stop deep inside her.� Gently at first, then hard and faster, Jack
slowly built up a tremendous orgasm and let it explode inside the young
girl.� Sensing his release, Stephanie let
loose with a fantastically faked orgasm of her own, for her mother�s
benefit.� Amazingly aroused by her
daughter�s visible orgasm, Deirdre exploded into one of her own at the sight.� Watching both her parents quivering with the
extreme pleasure she had just given them, Stephanie was secretly wailing inside
at the unfairness of it all.� Rolling
over she took Jack�s cock into her mouth and caressed it gently, sucking the
dripping cum off the shaft.� Inwardly she
was thinking, �sure, they get off and all I get is a
sore pussy and a sticky tongue!�

&nbsp;

Putting
on her best happy-smiley face, she continued to suck at Jack�s cock like it was
a lolly pop.�
Tilting her head down she began driving the huge cock deeper into her
mouth, until she could taste his balls, then began making swallowing motions
with her throat.� Slowly at first, then
building up faster and faster, she coaxed a second orgasm out of Jack, his huge
wad of cum filling her throat.� Pulling
away at last, she tilted her head back and licked her lips, pretending to enjoy
the taste as she visibly swallowed his salty load.� Afterwards, Jack took turns showering with
both women before collapsing, exhausted, into bed with his wife.� Stephanie begged to join them but both adults
ordered her to go to her own room.

&nbsp;

Feeling
both used and abused, Stephanie�s life became one long succession of other people�s orgasms.� Forced to please mommy by day and Jack by
night, she often had to satisfy both
in the evening before Deirdre went to work.�
When they were alone, Jack continued to play sadistically with the
remote, forcing her to perform ever more degrading or painful acts, and giving
her punishment sometimes just for the fun of it.� He began to experiment with invisible
bondage, making her pretend to be tied up while he whipped or pinched her
sensitive zones.� Lying on the bed with
her legs spread wide apart, Jack would rape her cruelly with a horned dildo, or
smack her thoroughly with whips.� He
particularly seemed to enjoy making her stand on her head against the wall
while he whipped her pussy and small breasts.

&nbsp;

Over
the next couple of weeks, Jack cautiously probed at Deirdre�s reactions to this
situation, carefully trying to learn if her secret desires matched his.� Listening carefully as she murmured in her
sleep, Jack got the hints he needed to realize that she truly did enjoy having
such control over her daughter.� Jack
made up his mind to include Deirdre in on the club picnic coming up next
month.� �Worst case, if she reacted
badly, I could always ship her off to the clinic as well,� he chuckled.

&nbsp;

Part 7:� Back to
School

&nbsp;

Stephanie
was looking forward to going back to school with a desperate need that few
people her age ever felt.� It would be
her freshman year in high school, which was somewhat exciting in itself, but
mostly she desperately wanted time to be herself again, out from under the
thumb of mommy and that horrible
monster Jack!� When the day finally
arrived, she was up out of bed early, eager to complete her morning workout and
chores so she could get out of the house at last.� Wolfing down her breakfast, she was forced to
give Jack a morning hummer before being allowed to head outside to wait for the
bus.� Once the bus arrived, she climbed
on, took a lone seat in the back, and sat in dejected silence as she listened
to the other kids brag about what a great summer they had had, and how much
they hated going back to school.� Once
she arrived at school, she worked her way to her home room and took a seat,
waiting to find out what her class schedule would be.� The teacher, Mr. Franks, entered and began
passing out the schedules a few minutes later.

&nbsp;

After
listening to the orientation lectures and examining the instructions they handed
out to all new freshmen, Stephanie was allowed to leave home room and explore
her new school for the first time.� She
didn�t know anybody at this school yet, and she was looking forward meeting new
friends.� She quickly located her locker,
the gym and cafeteria, and began wandering the halls to find all her class
rooms.

&nbsp;

Back
at the house, Jack had not been idle.� As
soon as she had left the house he went upstairs to make sure that Deirdre was
going to sleep, and then hustled down to the basement.� Removing a large, wheeled black equipment box
from the closet in the spare room, he began setting up the remote control and
monitoring station he had purchased along with Stephanie�s upgrades.� It took a little over an hour to set
everything up, and when he was done it looked like he�d purchased a tricked out
gaming computer.� Twin flat panel
monitors, keyboard, mouse, and really awesome looking joystick sat on the desk,
connected to the machine disguised as a home computer.� Ready at last, he fired everything up, and
then entered Stephanie�s control codes on the console.

&nbsp;

Connecting
via the wireless modem to her onboard controller, the main monitor of the
system displayed a clear view of what Stephanie could see, tapping in to the
micro cameras they had installed in her eye sockets.� The other panel displayed diagnostic
information, all the monitored inputs inside her body, speed, location,
etc.� Tapping a key on the keyboard sent
a command, and he watched as Stephanie stopped dead in her tracks in shock.

&nbsp;

Back
at school, Stephanie felt the gentle twinge in her butt cheeks that meant
�STOP� and reacted immediately.� A boy
walking along behind slammed into her and cried, �Watch it!� as he moved around
her.� Sure that she must have imagined
it, she took a tentative step forward and felt the hard shock at her clit that
was the normal punishment for disobeying an order.� Suppressing a cry, she stopped and stood
still as she waited for more instructions.�
Cursing Jack for not disabling her automatic commands before sending her
off to school, she worried what she might be made to do before he could get
here and turn it off.� Signals flashed at
her arms and legs, and she began walking down the hall.� She seemed to wander aimlessly, through class
rooms, down hallways, until she found herself back at the gym.� She was taken on a tour through the girls�
locker room, and lingered for a minute staring into the empty shower stalls,
before being led back out into the mail aisle of the school.

&nbsp;

The
halls were mostly deserted at the moment, with all the students attending a
lecture in the auditorium, but she noticed when an older boy stepped around a
corner a few paces in front of her and walked away.� He turned into the boy�s room, and she forgot
about him as she continued walking forward.�
As she reached the door to the bathroom, she was signaled to turn and
proceed inside.� Stunned, she hesitated
and received a severe jolt of punishment, much harder than normal for a first
warning.� The boy looked up in alarm,
hiding the penis he had just removed from his pants in front of the urinal. He
cried out �Hey, what are you doing?� when he saw a girl walk in on him.� Obeying her commands, she ignored his
question, walked up and placed her body between his and the urinal then went
down on her knees.� Gently pulling at his
pants, she exposed his penis once again.�
Tilting her head back as far as she could, she opened her mouth wide and
placed the tip of his penis on her lower lip, and then placed her hands behind
her back as she waited.

&nbsp;

Shocked
at the scene before him, the high school junior looked down at the beautiful
younger girl kneeling before him, and then mentally shrugged his
shoulders.� Who was he to argue with what
she so obviously wanted from him.�
Placing hand to cock to steady his aim, the boy began pissing into
Stephanie�s open mouth.� Filling up
repeatedly, she swallowed the hot urine over and over and waited for him to get
done.� Finished at last, the boy thought
it was over, but then she leaned in and began giving him a professional head
job.� Wishing his own girlfriend was even
half as thoughtful, the boy pressed forward and
enjoyed the rush as she sucked a wad of cum out of his swollen penis.� Just as he was pulling out, another boy
walked in on the scene and cried out, �What the hell!�

&nbsp;

�Don�t
ask me!� said the first boy.� �She just
walked in here, made me piss in her mouth, and then gave me the best damn blow
job I�ve ever had!�� Stephanie had
already received a signal and had her head tilted back with her mouth wide open
once more.� �Here, give her a try if you
don�t believe me.�� 

&nbsp;

Stepping
away, he watched as the second boy self consciously unzipped and inserted his
penis into the girls� wide open mouth.�
Biting back unshed tears, Stephanie swallowed and swallowed as the newcomer
drained record amounts of piss into her face.�
Pushing inside her open mouth slightly, the boy shook his penis dry,
banging it into her tongue and the roof of her mouth several times.� Once he was done, she again began sucking,
sliding his large cock down her throat until she could swallow another large
load of cum.� Once he was finished,
Stephanie was ordered to stand up.�
Placing herself in front of the large door of the handicap stall she
began a seductive strip tease, tossing her clothes at the boys as if she didn�t
care if she ever got them back.� Once
she�d removed everything she was made to turn around slowly several time with
her arms lifted over her head, then enter the stall.

&nbsp;

She
lifted the toilet seat, stuck her head into the bowl, and thrust her ass at the
waiting boys.� Not needing any more
invitation than that, they both crowded into the stall with her.� Lifting her by the ankles, the first boy
pulled her into his crotch, slamming his rock hard penis into her waiting
pussy.� Head in the bowl, arms wrapped
around the rim, the water covered her nose and most of her mouth.� She began swallowing yellow toilet water that
the previous occupant had forgotten to flush to lower the water level enough
for her to breathe.� Once the first boy
had finished, and the second was well on his way, two more walked in together,
laughing and joking about something.�
Staring at the scene in amazement for a minute, they wasted no time
getting in to line behind the others.�
Once all four boys had taken a turn at the up thrust young cunt
suspended in the toilet stall, she stood up and moved over to the one who had
had the largest cock.� Reaching in to
stroke it back to life, she spun around and brought her ass firmly onto the
raised penis.� Sitting down in his lap,
she forced the cock deep inside her ass as she lay back against his body.� Next she hoisted both legs into the air and
wrapped her arms around them.� Suspended
in the boys� lap with her ass penetrated by his penis, she moaned softly as he
wrapped her in a bear hug and began bouncing her body up and down on his
cock.� Not wanting to miss out on that experience, each of the others
lined up to take their turn, until Stephanie�s ass felt like it had been
attacked by a drain snake.� Unable to get
another rise out of their well worked cocks, the boys could not help taking a
few minutes to fondle the girl�s perky breasts, and rub her sore, oozing pussy
a bit before getting dressed.� 

&nbsp;

From
inside her head, Stephanie heard a soft voice whisper, �Smile pretty now and
let them know that you�ll be seeing them later!�
Make sure they bring their friends too.�

&nbsp;

Realization
that Jack had been directing this whole thing all the way from home sent chills
down her spine, but she smiled shyly up at the four boys as she reached for her
skirt and blouse.� �Thank you so much for
the cum, boys!� she said, licking her lips.� �I hope I�ll be seeing you around all
year.� Maybe you can invite me to a party
and introduce me to all your friends some time.�� 

&nbsp;

Directed
to leave her underwear and bra on the floor, Stephanie stood up, hoisted her
skirt to show them her bare ass and twat for a moment, and then marched
casually out of the room.� As she left
the bathroom she felt the signal that meant that she was being released from
direct control and she began sobbing softly as she went to go hide in a stall
in the girl�s bathroom until she could get herself back under control.� Being the first day of school, it was only a
half day and she nearly missed the bus home before she could stop crying and
wipe her face clean.

&nbsp;

The
next day as she was walking down the hall to her first class of the new school
year, Stephanie passed one of the boys� who�d been in the bathroom
yesterday.� Seeing her coming he snaked
an arm around her shoulder casually and slipped a note between her partially
exposed tits.� Jack had sent her to
school with a short skirt, high cut
shirt exposing her belly, a pair of slinky sandals, and absolutely nothing else.� Every little breeze brushed against her
uncovered pussy and she was terrified that someone would notice that she wasn�t
wearing any underwear.� Letting her pass
once the note was installed, the boy smiled at her as she walked past.� Pulling it out quickly before someone noticed
it, she read it as she continued on to her class.

&nbsp;

Friday Night: 9:00pm

2247 Elmhurst St

Party all night!

&nbsp;

Stuffing
the note into her pocket, she forgot about it as she sat down for her first
class.� The teacher was Miss. Eckstorm, a 68 year old biddy with a mean disposition and a
boring itinerary.� The class was American
Literature, and Stephanie was bored to tears almost before she sat down.� Wanting to take a seat in the back, Jack
directed her to get one in the front row, immediately in front of the
teacher.� While the teacher droned on and
on, she sat back and starred distractedly at the black board.� Jack, watching through her eyes, was focused
on the teacher, and he noticed the way her eyes kept fastening on to Stephanie
sitting right in front of her.� Eyes
forward, they kept dropping periodically to focus on the girl�s knees pinched
together under the desk.� Experimentally,
he commanded Stephanie to spread her knees slightly and squirm in her
seat.� As he�d expected, the teacher�s
eyes immediately locked for a moment on the opening legs as she continued on
with her lecture.

&nbsp;

With
a verbal command Jack gave Stephanie some new, detailed instructions.� Startled fully awake by the voice in her
head, she listened in growing horror at what Jack had in mind for her today.� Sliding back in her chair, she opened her
knees wide and wrapped her ankles behind the back chair legs.� Miss. Eckstorm�s
eyes widened as she was able to see that the young girl in front of her had no
underwear on at all!� Stumbling in her
speech for a second, she pulled her eyes away and continued with the lesson,
ending 20 minutes later with a modest homework assignment.� Stephanie fiddled with her paper, taking
notes and putting away her books as her classmates began leaving the room.� Once they�d mostly left, she slid down in her
chair and stuck her finger into her twat right in front of the teacher, licking
her lips suggestively as the older woman watched in fascination.� Standing at last, Stephanie walked
seductively over to the class room door, shut it, and turned the lock. �

&nbsp;

�What
do you think you�re doing, young lady!� the teacher tried to bluff, as she
sauntered back over to the teacher�s desk.

&nbsp;

�Anything
you want me to, ma�am,� she replied in a sexy voice.� Hoisting her skirt completely up over her
waist, she sat on the edge of the desk, kicked one leg high and to the side,
and then began massaging her pussy with a finger.� Unable to control herself when offered such a
luscious opportunity, the woman struggled with herself only briefly before
kneeling down and pressing her face into the open crotch.� Licking at the young pussy immediately began
to make her hot and she wrestled to open her blouse to help cool herself off while she continued to slide her tongue in and
out.� After a few minutes, as Stephanie
continued to participate very willingly, she stood up and pulled the girl into
a long, narrow supply closet at the back of the room.� Almost ripping it off in her hurry, Miss. Eckstorm stripped out of her slacks and dropped her huge
panties to the floor.� Hopping up on the
long bench on one side of the room she spread her legs wide and beckoned the
girl in towards her crotch.� Fat and
nasty, she weighed almost 200 pounds, and her dried, crusty pussy hadn�t seen
action in decades.� Suppressing her
gagging reaction and trying to hide it under a fake smile, Stephanie dove in
after receiving her second warning jolt of punishment since she�d entered the
small room.

&nbsp;

Working
with a will, she quickly brought the attention starved pussy to orgasm, and
continued on until she had forced the woman to explode three more times in a
frenzy of ecstasy.� Exhausted and
disheveled, the teacher began pulling her clothes back on, fear of discovery
beginning to send panic down her spine.�
As she was getting dressed, Stephanie continued to kneel at her feet,
looking up submissively as she asked quietly, �Do you need a teacher�s
assistant this year Miss Eckstorm?� I�m available fourth period during study
hall, as well as before or after school on some days.�

&nbsp;

Starring
at the girl, taking in the offer implicit in meetings outside school hours, she
felt a wave of emotions rush through her as she studied the child.� Fear, desire, nervous tension, and more raced
through her, but it was all swamped by the shear passion she�d felt during the
last half hour and screaming orgasm had flooded her body.

&nbsp;

�Yes,�
she replied slowly, �I think I could do with a teacher�s assistant this
year.� I�ll clear it with your
counselor.� Fourth period should work
nicely.� Do you suppose your parents
would mind if I took you home Monday nights?�
You could help me, um, grade papers�� her voice faded away.

&nbsp;

�I�m
sure that will be fine, Miss Eckstorm.� Would you like me to get a note from my
parents?� she asked sweetly.

&nbsp;

�Yes,
do that.� I�ll see you back here again
tomorrow, then, during fourth period.��
Recovering her composure, she began fixing her hair and attire and
assisted Stephanie make herself presentable once more
before shooing the girl from the room.

&nbsp;

Afterwards,
Stephanie ran straight to the nearest bathroom to wash her mouth out with
soap.� YUCK!� That was worse than licking the shit off
Jack�s ass that one time!� And now she
had a date with the old hag every Monday night and probably most days of the
week when she was at school!� WHY ME?

&nbsp;

(Author�s
Note:� To all those who have asked:� *YES* I intend to keep writing this
story.� I�ve got enough ideas on this
that I�ll probably be writing it for years yet.�
I do appreciate the comments and suggestions my readers have been making
for this story, but most of the plot line ideas that I�ve gotten I had already
thought of and have plans to include at some point.� Keep them coming though.� I thoroughly enjoy writing this story, and
I�m glad to see that so many of you enjoy reading it as well.� My next installment has a bit of a plot
twist, as I�m introducing a new character, but don�t worry, I�ll get back to
Stephanie soon enough.� Thanks for all
the great comments I�ve received from many of you!)

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Part 8:  Dana

 
  Jeff Crystal
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-07-16T17:10:00Z
  2006-07-16T17:10:00Z
  1
  6622
  37747
   
  314
  88
  44281
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Part 8:� Dana

&nbsp;

(Author�s
note:� I�d like to send warm thanks out
to the real, live Dana, who begged me so sweetly to write her personally into
this tale.� Here�s what you asked me
for!)

&nbsp;

�Dana!� cried Dan from the
front door, �Hurry up!� We�re going to be
late!�

&nbsp;

Grabbing her small purse and
stuffing her black knit hat onto her head, the young woman hurried out to the
driveway.� 18 years old, with medium long
blond hair hanging straight over the front of her shoulders, she was quite a
looker.� Her lean 5 foot 5 inch tall body
weighed only 96 pounds.� Her slender
hips, rock hard stomach, and attractively perky �B� size breasts, combined with
the outgoing attitude of a �Party� girl made her very popular at school.� Had made her popular, that is, since she had just
graduated last month.� She missed seeing
her friends on a daily basis already.�
Unlike previous summers, this year it was for good,
and she realized sadly that they would never all be together again.

&nbsp;

Hurrying to get into the car,
she thought once again how lucky she was to have foster parents as great as Dan
and Barb Baker.� Six months ago when she
turned 18, the state had stopped paying the Baker�s the monthly stipend for her
upkeep as a ward of the state.�
Officially declared an adult, she�d received the papers telling her she
was on own now.� Dan had insisted that
after living with them for 8 years she was one of the family now, and she
should stay as long as she needed, finish school, and get herself a job in the
real world.� Today was one more example
of how great these people were, as Dan was taking her in to the city to the
doctor�s office on his own dime.� She
needed a full physical and medical report before reporting to a job interview
she had lined up next week.� Nervous, not
because of the physical, but at the prospect of moving out and getting a job,
she watched the scenery pass by out the car window as Dan began the long
drive.� After four years of soccer, as
well as two grueling years on the competition cheerleading squad, passing a
physical fitness exam was the last thing she was worried about!

&nbsp;

Pulling out a small MP3
player, Dana closed her eyes and zones out to some tunes for a few hours, not
paying any attention at all as Dan drove her towards the city.� She didn�t pay any attention until the car
slowed down to enter a small parking garage along an alley.� Climbing out of the car after Dan finished parking, she followed him to the elevator and rode it down
to the street.� Crossing the deserted
city street, she followed as he went down a narrow stairwell to a large, solid
door and knocked.� Exchanging quiet words
with the door man inside, he led her into the building, down the hall, and into
another elevator.� The ride down seemed
to take a really long time.

&nbsp;

As they stepped out into the
plush waiting room at last, the receptionist recognized Dan immediately.� �Welcome Mr. Baker!� Dr. Iverson is waiting for you in his
office.� I believe you know the way by
now,� she said, pressing the switch to open the huge doors behind her
desk.� Walking down hallways that had
that sterile, white, hospital look to them, she followed the man who had been a
father to her for the past 8 years into the doctor�s office.� 

&nbsp;

�Dan!� So good to see you again,� the doctor said,
extending his hand over the desk for a firm shake.

&nbsp;

�Ron, I see you�re looking
well,� Dan replied.� �How�s business?�

&nbsp;

�Tolerable.� Tolerable.� I can�t complain.� Is this the young lady you called me about?�
he asked, glancing at Dana, who had sat down in the only chair in the room.

&nbsp;

�Yep, this is Dana.� She�s been a ward of the state for the past 8
years, until she turned 18 last December.�
I gotta love this state.� Once they hit their 18th birthday,
the records are reviewed, and then sealed, never to see the light of day
again.� It�s almost as if they never
existed.� The only reason I didn�t bring
her by sooner was that she was still in school.�
Fanatical records keepers, the school administrators are.� But that�s all done now.� She graduated last month, and we�re free and
clear.� Have you got that new
experimental module you told me about last fall ready for field testing yet?�

&nbsp;

Only half listening to the
conversation at first, Dana began to get a queasy feeling as the conversation
shifted to something she didn�t really understand.� Leaning forward she began to pay full
attention to what the men were saying.

&nbsp;

�Yes,
actually.� We�ve got the first production model in the
lab right now and have been waiting for a suitable client to sell it to.� Are you interested?� Ron asked.

&nbsp;

�Hell yes!� I�ve been itching to get my hands on one of
those since you gave me the specs!� Dan replied.

&nbsp;

�Excuse me,� Dana
interrupted, �What does this have to do with my physical?�

&nbsp;

�Sorry, my dear� Dr. Ron
said.� �Slipped my mind that you were
here��� Reaching under the lip of the
desk he pressed a button and concealed arm and leg restraints whipped out of
the chair she was sitting in to totally immobilize her.� �Now then young lady, sit still and be quiet
for a few minutes, or I�ll have an orderly bring in a gag too.�

&nbsp;

Sitting in shock, Dana
starred in amazement at the doctor, expecting Dan to intervene and order him to
release her immediately!� Shock turned to
dismay as Dan ignored her to continue his conversation with the mean doctor.� She didn�t understand!� What was happening here?� Impetuous and head strong as only the young
could be, she was also highly intelligent.�
A moment�s thought convinced her that the doctor had been totally
serious about sending for a gag, so she sat quietly, glaring at both men and
tried to figure out what kind of game they were playing.

&nbsp;

Continuing as if he had never
been interrupted, Ron said, �Preliminary testing indicates that the device is
even more successful that we had originally thought.� Installation, once thought to be nearly
impossible, has proved to be a snap using the new robotic surgeon we installed
last year.�

&nbsp;

&quot;Once
the tricky spinal interface is installed, everything else is cake.� We can install the hardware on one day, and
begin training the next.� Compare that to
the two-to-three weeks of grueling surgery required by the old method.� The real bonus is in the new capabilities
though.� The old controller just
monitored a girl's actions and sent pain signals to various points.� This new controller integrates directly into
her spinal nerves.� By recording the
signals sent to her brain by her body, we can reproduce any sensation at any
level of intensity we desire.� Now,
instead of just pain, we can induce pleasure as well.� How'd you like a triple strength orgasm at
the touch of a button as a reward for good behavior?� It should shave weeks off the normal training
time!&quot;

&nbsp;

Following
along carefully now, Dana understood that she was the subject of their
conversation.� The thought of being
subject to such control sent chills down her spine.� Horror and fascination combined into a
confusing mix of conflicting sensations.�
Just imagining being given such pleasure and pain as a means of control
made her quiver inside with dread and anticipation.

&nbsp;

&quot;Sounds great Ron.� I'll
leave everything in your hands.� You know
what I want.� Just give me a call when
she's ready for delivery, there's no rush.�
No one but Barb and I know she even exists, now that the state has
closed her files.&quot;� Dan shook hands
one more time and walked out the door.�
He didn't even pause on his way out as Dana cried after him,
&quot;Please don't leave me!&quot;

&nbsp;

Beginning to
panic at last, Dana struggled uselessly against the chair, trying to free arms
or legs.� Ignoring her grunts of
frustration and cries of fear, Dr. Iverson sat down to begin filling out the
paperwork for the procedure.� Muttering
to himself, he scribbled notes and filled out forms for twenty minutes or so
before looking up again at the sobbing young woman tied down in front of him.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
really quite lucky, you know,&quot; he said to her.� &quot;Dan is one of our best customers.� He's brought us dozens of young ladies just
like you, and he always pays for the best.�
He normally sells his girls after their training, but he works hard to
find good owners.&quot;� Continuing along
as if nothing he had said was the least bit disturbing, he said, &quot;Now, on
to the details.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
going in this afternoon for a bit of surgery.�
Basically, a sophisticated computer is going to be installed to let us
remotely monitor and control your every action.�
You will then receive a few weeks of training, and a final bit of
encouragement to never give your master cause to return you, before we send you
home.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Shhh.&quot; he said as Dana opened her mouth to
respond.� &quot;I know you have
questions.� Everything will be clear in a
few days.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

Pressing a
button he summoned two huge orderlies.�
Each man got a firm grip on one of her arms before the chair restraints
retracted.� Lifting her to her feet, they
marched her out into the corridor and down the hall.� Dana turned her neck as she was dragged away,
to look longingly back at the passageway through which Dan had brought her
here.� Dragging her along by her arms,
her feet sliding along the polished tile floor, they
eventually reached the operating room.�
Each man grabbed hold of a leg as well as an arm and lifted her up on to
an operating table.� A nurse was waiting
with a mask, which she forced down over Dana�s open mouth and nose.� Try as she might, she couldn�t hold her
breath for long and in seconds the room began to dim to black as the gas
knocked her out cold.

&nbsp;

Part
9:� Pleasure and Pain

&nbsp;

When she
woke up again, Dana found herself in a small room, maybe 6 feet by 10, with a
door at one end.� Lying on a narrow bed,
she was completely naked, and goose bumps covered her body from the cold
air.� As soon as she tried to move she
became aware for the first time that everything felt very strange.� Lifting her head, there was a strange sensation
of lag between intent and action, as if the world was out of sync.� She didn�t understand it at the time, but it
was a reaction to the new computer inside her body, intercepting and monitoring
all the signals being sent through her nervous system.� Moving slowly, feeling extremely dizzy and off balance, Dana leaned up off the bed to take a
better look at the room.� There was a
small table nearby with a glass of water and some pills, as well as a cold
sandwich.� The thought of food send
nausea rolling through her gut, but the water sounded great.� Taking the pills as well, she hoped they
would stem the rising headache that began pounding behind her eyes.

&nbsp;

Trying to go
back to sleep was futile, and she gave it up after lying down for only a few
minutes.� Always active as a child, now
she found that she just could not sit still and await her fate in this
terrifying new world.� Slowly and
carefully at first, she stood up and began to pace the room.� After a few minutes she felt a little better.� The computer was getting a better grasp of
her internal nervous system signals and causing less distortion.� If a little exercise was good, a lot might be
even better, so she began doing an easy workout, gradually increasing the pace
as the dizziness and strange time lag sensations decreased.� Hours later, covered in sweat from a vigorous
workout, she was finally tired enough to fall into a troubled sleep.

&nbsp;

The
technicians monitoring her gave the computers a full twenty four hours to
gather data, digest it, and then assemble it into a set of core programming
customized to Dana�s body.� The next
morning they sent the two orderlies in to bring her to the next generation
research laboratory.� Giving up hope of
being able to escape at this point, Dana meekly walked along as the two men
guided her firmly through the complex by her arms.� Walking into the room, the first thing she
noticed was a pair of geeks behind some kind of computer console, starring
avidly at her naked body.� Glaring at
them she tried vainly to cover herself, but the two men were already dragging
her across the room.� Looking in the
direction they were carrying her she saw another large medical table, covered
in obvious straps and tie downs.� 

&nbsp;

�NO!� she
screamed at the sight of the table.� She
really didn�t want to be tied down helplessly as these men used her for some
kind of lab experiment!� Kicking,
screaming, biting at the two men, they easily overpowered the slender young
woman and soon had her strapped tightly down to the table.� Turning their backs, the orderlies walked out
of the room and left her alone with the two geeks.� Fiddling with their equipment for a few more
minutes, the technicians ignored her thrashing struggle with the bed restraints
until the computers finished uploading the new firmware into her controller.� Once they had a green light, they initiated
recording mode and began the data gathering process.

&nbsp;

Oblivious to
her shouts and cries, one of the men lifted a sharp needle between thumb and
forefinger.� Pushing down on a button at
the side of the bed, he made the bindings holding Dana tighten until she stopped
struggling.� Next, he carefully began
poking the pin at her body, every few inches.

&nbsp;

�OW! Stop
IT! OO!� HEY!� Dana cried out at each
painfully sharp jab.� Moving
methodically, the man covered every area of her body.� He took particular care to jab exactly into
the tips of her tits, the end of her clitoris, and then ran a finely spaced
series of jabs down each lip of her vagina.�
Screaming bloody murder when he stabbed her in the clit, she was reduced
to a sobbing wreck by the time he finished probing her entire vagina.� With the flip of a lever, the bed rolled over
and she found herself lying face down on the other side.� Continuing with the pin, the man then
completed covering her with painful jabs over her entire back side.

&nbsp;

Begging and
pleading with them to stop, Dana repeatedly asked the man, �What are you
doing?� Why are you doing this to me?�

&nbsp;

Finishing
his work, the men both continued to ignore the girl until she finally collapsed
into a fit of sobbing tears.� Once the
first man finished covering her body with the pin, the collected data was
analyzed, and then uploaded back into her controller.� Running a quick test, the computer tech
played back the sequence several times in rapid succession.� 

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWW� the scream ripped from Dana�s
lungs as she felt invisible pin jabs race painfully across her body from head
to toe.

&nbsp;

�Looks like that sequence works, Phil.� Let�s move on to heat.�

&nbsp;

The man picked up a small tool with a small, metal pin-head
like tip.� Striking the burner to light,
he waited for the tip to heat up completely, and then repeated the same process
as before, touching the hot tip to various parts of her body.� Not as painful as the pin jabs had been, it
was nevertheless quite hot, and not at all pleasant when he again began
running it over her tender tit and pussy flesh.�
All hope of breaking free from her restraints gone by this point, Dana
clenched her eyes shut tightly and tried to endure.� Again the tech replayed the sensations, but
this time he varied the intensity and location randomly as it played through
the sequence several times.� Sensations
that ranged from mild heat to scorching blast furnace intensity raced randomly
over her body.

&nbsp;

�OOooOOooOoOOooooOOO OOO!!! OOOO!!
Stop it! OoooOO OO NOOO� her voice modulated in pitch
and volume in tune with the agony being visited on her helpless body.

&nbsp;

�So far so good.� Let�s do cold next.�

&nbsp;

Once again a cruel tool was run over her body, this time
giving the sensation of blistering cold.�
After she was subjected to a fast action replay to confirm the results
were good, the technicians finally took a short break while the orderlies were
summoned back to get her ready for the next phase.� 

&nbsp;

Marching back in to the room, they began unhooking the
straps holding Dana down on to the table.�
Too exhausted from struggling and cramping muscles to even lift her
arms, she hung limply between the two men as they carried her into the next
room.� Looking like something out of a
medieval dungeon, the room had more implements of torture and pain than Dana
had ever even imagined might exist.�
Ignoring most of the more sinister looking items, the men carried her to
the middle of the room and laid her on her back near a pair of thick wooden
posts.� Dejectedly, she lay still,
unresisting as a thick leather strap was fastened to each ankle and wrist, and
then locked in place.� One of the men
then fastened the wrist restraints together behind her back.� Next the men both stood up, each lifting one
leg up along a tall post until Dana was being held suspended in mid air.� Fastening the leather collars to a hook on
each post, the men left her hanging there as they walked out of the room again.

&nbsp;

A short while later the two geeky technicians returned,
wheeling in their equipment on a small push cart.� While Gary set up the equipment on the cart,
Phil studied the list he�d been given to see exactly which sensations the good
doctor wanted imprinted on Dana�s controller.�
Smiling a few times as he went down the list, he finally set it down and
prepared to begin.

&nbsp;

The first item Phil removed from the wall was a leather
whip.� Raising it high, he carefully took
aim and whacked Dana once solidly across the back, then butt, chest, left boob,
right boob, left thigh, right thigh, and then two vicious cracks across her
crotch, one from the front and one from the back.� Barking out a sharp, short cry with each
blow, Dana clenched her teeth and endured, all hope of mercy having vanished
when they brought her into this room.

&nbsp;

The next four hours was a brutal trial for young Dana, as
she was subjected to tortures she�d never dreamed of.� Hot candle wax.� Electric shock.� Clothes pins and alligator clips on her
genitals.� Cruel
vaginal and anal insertions.� At
the end of it all, the techs created a routine to randomly assault her with
selections from everything they�d done to her today, in rapid succession, and
then let it play for half an hour as she hung suspended helpless by her
ankles.� Screaming until her voice broke,
when the program finally played itself out the sudden release from pain allowed
her to pass into unconsciousness at last.

&nbsp;

Dana
awakened once more back in the small cell.�
Still naked, she found herself lying on the bed, wrapped in a thick,
soft blanket with a plush pillow under her head.� On the small table by the bed was a full set
of comfortable looking clothes.� Although
she was still tender in a few places, most of the pain that had overwhelmed her
yesterday was now gone.� Rolling out of
bed, she tentatively climbed into the clothing that had been left for her. It
was amazing how much emotional security could be conveyed by the simple
presence of shirt and pants.

&nbsp;

Restless
with nervous energy and fear, Dana once again found herself pacing, jogging,
and bouncing in place to help calm her nerves.�
When the doctor came for her, she was desperately afraid they were going
to give her a repeat of yesterday.�
Expecting muscle bound orderlies and crude torture implements, she was
totally unprepared for the small man in the white lab coat who quietly opened
the cell door and calmly announced, &quot;Come with me please.&quot;

&nbsp;

Leaving the
door open, the man had already turned his back and was walking down the
hall.� Dana stood frozen in place,
starring with longing at the open door, as the man disappeared around a corner.
�Sudden pain slammed into her crotch, as
if someone had smacked her between the legs with a whip.� Startled into motion by the pain, she raced
out the door trying to catch up with the man.�
Rounding the corner, she just saw him pass through a closing door down
the hall.

&nbsp;

Running, she
caught up before the man could reach the next turn and fell into step a pace
behind.� A few minutes later she was led
to a hospital cafeteria.� Waving his arm,
the man gestured her into line with the staff waiting for their breakfast.� Ravenous with hunger, she stood in line with
her former tormentors, skittish and terrified that someone would realize their
mistake and send her back to the dungeon.

&nbsp;

Creepily,
the doctor simply observed, not eating himself, as she collected a tray of food
and sat down.� He took a seat across from
her at the long table and waited patiently for her to finish her meal.� Even simple cereal and milk tastes like
heaven after two days without food.� Once
she was done, the man stood and gestured for her to follow as he began moving
towards the door.� After a short walk she
found herself in another lab.� She had to
visibly force herself to cross the threshold at the sight of the lab table with
restraints.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
remove your clothing and place it in the basket over there,&quot; the man
said.� Clutching her arms tightly around
her chest, a wave of dismay flashed through Dana's entire body.� It struck her suddenly just how badly she
needed the security blanket that her clothing provided.� Unable to move, she stood frozen in place
until the man once more gave her a correction.�
This time burning heat seemed to crawl all over her body.� Screaming, Dana
began peeling of clothes and tossing them away.�
The doctor did not stop the pain until she had gathered up every item
and placed it in the basket.

&nbsp;

Patting at a
spot on the end of the exam table, the man said, &quot;Sit here.&quot;

&nbsp;

Once she was
in place, the man explained, &quot;There are just a few more things I need you
to do before I hand you over to your trainer.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Pulling out a
small needle, he carefully injected a small amount of liquid into her arm.� Almost immediately she felt a pleasant rush
wash over her for a minute.� Touching a
control, the man repeated the sensation a few times to test her controller.

&nbsp;

Next he
pulled out a box and set it on the bench beside her.� Looking inside, she quickly averted her gaze
after recognizing the contents.� &quot;I
need you to achieve an orgasm so we can record the sensation.� Take your time, and get it right.� Believe me, the
better you do this now, the happier you'll be later.&quot;� Locking the door on the way out, the man left
her alone to give her at least the illusion of privacy.

&nbsp;

Contemplating
the bizarre collection of sex toys in the box, Dana tried to decide whether to
cooperate with this latest indignity or not.�
She was seriously pissed to be used so callously, and wanted nothing
more than to spit in someone's face.� But
as she thought about it, it occurred to her that this might be the only
opportunity she ever got to help herself.�
She realized that these people could inflict as much horrible torture on
her as they wanted, but only she could provide them the tools necessary to
reward her with pleasure as well.

&nbsp;

Stirring
through the contents of the box with one hand, she selected a simple, smooth
skinned vibrator and a small tube of KY jelly.�
Setting the rest of the freak show collection of gadgets out of sight,
she applied a bit of gel to the vibrator, and smoothed a bit more onto her
pussy.� Trying to forget that she was
being recorded, Dana turned on the vibrator and began gently stroking over her
pussy.� Taking her time, she closed her
eyes, lay back on the table, and imagined herself to be elsewhere.� Gently inserting the vibrator, she began
making long, smooth strokes, sliding it slowly in and out, as she tried to
awaken her body.

&nbsp;

After twenty
minutes she finally managed to generate a modest orgasmic surge, which the
technicians recorded.� Noticing that she
had not stopped, however, they continued watching and recording her actions.� Relaxing and beginning to get in the mood at
last, she was able to spike again a few minutes later.� This time she received a very nice double
orgasm as she continued working the vibrator.�
Stroking faster, she began plunging the toy in abruptly then withdrawing
it in smooth, slow strokes.� At last she
began climbing higher and higher, building tension by moving the vibrator very
slowly, in and out.� Nearly ready to
scream with anticipation, she released the explosive tension by suddenly
plunging to vibrator in and out as fast as she could.� The sudden stimulation pushed her even higher
for a few moments, and then crashed down in a spectacular orgasm.

&nbsp;

&quot;ooooOOOOO&quot; she groaned, eyes
rolling up in her head. 

&nbsp;

Relaxing
back in limp pleasure, utterly spent, Dana let the still humming vibrator drop
to the floor.

&nbsp;

The techs
left her alone for half an hour after that.�
They needed time for the computer to digest the data, Dana needed time
to recover her composure, and several of the men needed time to change their underwear
after watching that fantastic display!�
Freshly changed, the doctor entered the room again carrying a small
remote control unit.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was truly spectacular my dear,&quot; he informed her.� &quot;As a reward for that splendid effort,
I'm going to give you a demonstration of the full range of pleasures you've
helped us create, just for you.� Lie back
on the table and relax.� I don't want you
to fall off and hurt yourself.&quot;

&nbsp;

Lifting the
remote, he began cycling through the settings as he narrated.� &quot;At the low end of the scale we have
these 5 settings.&quot;

&nbsp;

Built using
her first, mild orgasm, the increasingly intense jolts of pleasure ranged from
a mild buzz that jump started her heart rate, to a wild surge that brought up
an uncontrollable gasp from deep in her throat.

&nbsp;

&quot;In the
middle range we have these two settings&quot;

&nbsp;

The first
was a splendid double orgasm, just like she remembered it, only boosted to
about double the intensity.� Groaning in
ecstasy, Dana could not catch her breath for a minute.� Waiting for her to recover, he triggered the
second setting.

&nbsp;

&quot;oooo OOOOO!!!&quot; Dana groaned,
legs twitching uncontrollably.� Digitally
enhanced, it was much like the last setting, but this time the two orgasms were
spaced closer, about a half second apart, and the second surge was twice as
intense as the first.

&nbsp;

&quot;Did
you like that?&quot; the man smiled.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;oooo OOOO!
OOOOO!! OOOOOO!!!!&quot; she screamed loudly as he gave two shots back to back.

&nbsp;

Dana's whole
body was awash with adrenaline and her heart was beating wildly.� Sweat was gushing from every pore in her
body, and she had strong aftershocks of pleasure tingling and radiating
sympathetically from her pussy to her chest.�
Panting like a dog with heat stroke, she gasped for air in fast, deep
breaths.� The doctor gave her a full ten
minutes to recover.

&nbsp;

Once she had
her breathing and heart rate back under control, he continued with the
demonstration.� &quot;Wonderful as that
must have been, I think you'll enjoy this last setting even more.&quot;

&nbsp;

Dana looked
up at the man in alarm as he reached for the remote again.� She wasn't sure she could survive anything
more intense than that last orgasm.�
Built from the tremendously satisfying third orgasm she'd originally
achieved on her own, the computer had enhanced it, turning it into a full minute
of continuous orgasm that surged and pulsed and grew steadily more intense with
every second.

&nbsp;

&quot;ooooOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!&quot; Dana
began wailing, voice rising in pitch.�
After a few seconds she began thrashing arms and legs.� Drool spilled over from her mouth, and her
voice cracked and broke as the 60 second surge of indescribable pleasure
crashed down at last.� Her thrashing body
jerked violently as the sensation crashed down at last, her eyes rolled up in
the back of her head as she passed out, and her unconscious body flew off the
table to smack into the floor.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmm,�
muttered the technician, �Maybe we'd better take that setting down a
notch.&quot;� Looking down at the
sprawled, naked body of the girl at his feet, he called in the orderlies to
return her to her room to begin training in the morning.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part 10:� Training Dana

&nbsp;

&quot;Wake
Up!&quot; blasted out of the ceiling speaker.�
Dana bolted up off the bed, suddenly wide awake and confused.� She found herself standing naked in the
little cell she was becoming so familiar with.�
Noticing a clean pair of clothes on the table, she moved to get
dressed.� As she took the first step
towards them she felt the shock of a whip cracking over her crotch.

&nbsp;

�&quot;AAAAaaa&quot;
in agony, she collapsed to the floor under the sudden brutal pain.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
have not been told to get dressed yet.&quot; a voice informed her through the
speaker in the ceiling.

&nbsp;

&quot;I am
your computer trainer.� You will obey
each of my commands promptly, without hesitation or complaint.� Do you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Dana stared
around the empty room, a resentful look on her face at the unfairness of that
punishment, as she listened to the voice.�
She nodded her head in reply to the question.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will answer 'Yes Master' or 'No Master' to any question.&quot;

&nbsp;

Afraid to
get off the floor without permission, Dana nodded her head once more in reply.

&nbsp;

&quot;OOOOOO!!&quot;
she screamed as the pain of a whip smacking her right boob exploded through her
body.

&nbsp;

&quot;OOWWWW!!&quot;
she cried a few seconds later as the pain lanced at the left boob.

&nbsp;

Suddenly
realizing what she'd done wrong, Dana cried out loudly &quot;Yes Master!!&quot;
and cringed inside waiting for the next blow.

&nbsp;

A pair of
sharp pin pricks jabbed her in each foot and knee just before the voice
announced &quot;Stand up.&quot;� Once she
had climbed to her feet she immediately felt the pin jabs again, this time
knee-foot and the voiced announced &quot;Sit down.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Those
sharp painful jabs you feel poking at you are signals to perform a
command.� Today we will begin teaching
you what those and many more command signals mean.� You must learn to recognize and obey all the
hundreds of signals that will be used to control your every action from now
on.� So let us begin�&quot;

&nbsp;

The sharp
jabs struck foot-knee again.� Expecting a
verbal order to follow, she hesitated a couple seconds before starting to climb
to her feet.� Too Late!� A slashing pain burned across both of her ass
cheeks, and she fell back to the floor in shock.� She received another shot through the crotch
before she finally managed to stand back up again.� Sit.�
Stand.� Sit.� Stand. She completed the last several
repetitions without incident.� Then a
mild wave of pleasure touched her gently, running upwards from her crotch, as
she was rewarded with a small orgasm for her obedience.� She spent the next hour learning basic body
movements and performing simple exercises at an ever increasing pace.� Once she had learned basic movement commands,
she was driven like a wooden robot, step by staggering step, down the hall to
the cafeteria where she was allowed a few minutes to eat breakfast before being
steered once more back to her cell.

&nbsp;

For the rest
of the day, Dana continued to receive instructions and had to practice
responding to the non-verbal commands of her inanimate master until she was
drenched in sweat and weak in the knees.�
The computer was demanding and merciless, dishing out severe punishment
for any mistake or the slightest hesitation in her obedience, but also generous
in rewarding any long stretch of successful completion of its commands.� By the end of the long day, Dana was
desperately trying to please, not just because she was terrified at the thought
of how far they might take their punishments of her body, but also because she
began to actually crave the wonderful orgasmic rewards she was given for being
a good girl.� After once more being
walked down to the cafeteria, this time much more smoothly since she had had
much more practice obeying her controller, she had dinner and was sent back to
her cell for the night.� As she lay down
and prepared to go to sleep in exhausted misery and shame, a tremendous wave of
orgasm began showering inside her vagina, radiating increasingly heavy pulses
of delight throughout her body.� It went
on and on and ON, for nearly ten minutes, before slowly decreasing and fading
away, leaving her shivering with the withdrawal.� The thought ran through her mind as she lay
there in her bliss, remembering how much more powerful they had made the
orgasms feel during yesterday�s demonstration, and she decided then and there
that she never wanted to find out what they could do with the horrible
tortures they�d recorded the day before!�
It was hours more before she finally managed to fall asleep.

&nbsp;

She was
awakened with a sharp, pin-like jab at her clitoris, then a silent command to
stand up.� Scrambling to clear the sleep
out of her eyes and make it to her feet before she could be punished, Dana
raced to the center of the room.�
Immediately she was given a continuous string of command that had her
jumping, spinning, running, and otherwise dancing about the room gymnastically
for a very strenuous morning workout.�
After about an hour, once she�d worked up a good sweat, she was marched
out the door.� As she walked away, she
looked with longing back over her shoulder for a moment at the clothes still
neatly folded next to her bed.� Down a
different set of corridors than she�d seen before, she was directed into a room
with an open shower stall full of men.�
Stopping at the entranceway in alarm, suddenly extremely self conscious
of her naked body, she was give three rapid whip cracks of pain across ass,
boobs, and finally the crotch before she marched reluctantly in to meet her
fate.

&nbsp;

Washing up
at an open show head, she tried valiantly to ignore the half dozen men
showering with her, rubbing up against her body, occasionally running a hand
across her belly or fondling her breasts from behind.� When she�d finished with the soap, several
men stepped up and surrounded her, then began aggressively pawing and fondling
her breasts, and fingering out her vagina.�
Knowing she had no choice, she just stood numbly and let it happen. Two
of the men lifted her up by her legs and brought her pussy crashing down onto
the outthrust penis of the third man, who began pumping himself into her as
hard as he could for several minutes, until he let loose a good solid wad of
white, creamy cum inside her cunt.�
Switching places, the other men took their turn, one using her ass
viciously, making Dana scream and writhe desperately against the horrible
intruder.� She was an Anal virgin up to
this point, and the sudden, violent rape of her ass upset her terribly.� Finished with his cruelty at last, the men
switched places once again.� The third
man waved a signal at the other two, who rotated Dana upside down and lifted
her up into the air, hoisting Dana's cum covered crotch up to the shower head
to give her sore ass and cunt a thorough cleaning with the near scalding hot
water.� The third ran his fingers through
the hair on the back of her head and got a two-fisted grip.� Angling her body outward a bit he pressed the
tip of his penis against her pursed lips, then squeezed his fists tighter
threateningly.� Dana opened her mouth
wide and the man invaded her, gently forcing 14 inches of massive cock straight
down the back of her throat.� Ordinarily,
Dana actually enjoyed giving a blow job and did so unselfishly with her sexual
partners.� This was different.� The man gripped her head by the hair and he
fucked her throat as fast and as deep as he could drive his cock, in and out,
over and over.� She could feel his head
forcing her throat to bulge open with each stroke and had to fight so hard
trying not to gag that she almost forgot about the burning attack of water
scouring at her crotch.� Wanting to die,
terrified of fighting back, she endured until the man finally pumped his huge
load so far into her throat that it went directly into her stomach.� Satisfied at last, the men dumped her
casually to the floor and left her there.

&nbsp;

The computer
immediately took over again, driving Dana to her feet, out the door, and off to
meet her first human instructor.� Sore
and still dripping wet from the showers, she was marched down mostly empty
hallways, trying desperately to ignore the hungry looks she received from the
few men she passed along the way, until she reached a good size room at the end
of one hallway.� Noticing that there were
half a dozen men waiting inside for her, she balked suddenly at the doorway. 

&nbsp;

Zap.� Zaaap.� ZAAAP!� The controller sent repeated, escalating
shots of pain at Dana�s crotch until she continued moving into the room.� Once she had reached the center of the room,
she was completely surrounded by the six men and they each lifted a remote
control in one hand and waved it at her.�
She shuddered as, without a word, each of the men began pressing
buttons, sending conflicting commands to her in rapid order.� Struggling to obey as best she could, often
the men sent simultaneous commands that could not both be
completed at the same time.� The computer
automatically punished any mistake or failure to comply, and as she danced, and
cavorted around the room under their control, she also was receiving vicious
punishments all over her body.� The men
kept it up for about half an hour, testing her willingness to obey, before they
began their real training session.

&nbsp;

After
successfully passing her obedience test, the men began training her sexually,
sending her from one upraised cock to the next, forcing her to use mouth,
pussy, and ass repeatedly to satisfy each man in turn.� Somehow there was something much more
personal, much more humiliating about being controlled by a real person with a
small plastic remote control in his hand, than there was when it was an
invisible computer alone in her cell.�
After sucking off the first man, and having her vagina reamed out
cruelly by the second, the third man lined up to give her a good ass fuck and
she lost it completely.� Screaming
wildly, she kicked the man in the shin and began running for the door.� She made it about two steps before her entire
body exploded in pain.

&nbsp;

�OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!�
came ripping out of her throat as her body collapsed in convulsions onto the
floor.� All six men had triggered severe
punishment commands, and she felt like she was being burned, whipped, beaten,
stabbed, electrocuted, and flayed alive all at the same time.� It only lasted a few seconds, but it felt
like forever.� The rest of the day was a
blur, as Dana obeyed woodenly the increasingly humiliating commands, learning
new signals, and practicing giving whatever pleasure the men demanded.� At the end of the day the men wanted to
celebrate their success in training their new slave, and one of the men lined
up six long neck beer bottled on the floor about a foot apart.� Dana was walked over to straddle the first
bottle, then given commands to spread her legs further
and further, doing the splits over the bottle and driving it completely inside
her pussy.� Ordered to stand, she was
marched over to the first man who pulled the bottle out several inched, pulled
it forward firmly, then twisted it sharply to remove the cap.� Pulling the bottle the rest of the way out,
he took a sip of beer as Dana was being driven back to fetch the next
bottle.� Dana looked down at the second
bottle with revulsion as she was forced to take it into her sore pussy and
return it to the next man in line.

&nbsp;

�UUNGH!� she
cried as the second man ruthlessly twirled the bottle inside her.� The sharp edged cap scraped around and around
inside her painfully, but could not get enough tension to twist off.

&nbsp;

�Clench your
twat as I twist it bitch, or I�ll spin this thing in there all night!�

&nbsp;

Desperate to
stop the horrible scratching pain, Dana tried to obey, clenching tightly, and
as the man twisted the bottle once more it suddenly hurt like hell as the edges
of the cap bit deeply into her inner flesh, but the cap finally twisted off and
the man removed the bottle from her now bleeding vagina.� Four bottles later and blood was oozing
slowly down her legs from her battered pussy.�
By the time she�d served up the last bottle, the first two men were
waiting for another, so she was sent to the fridge to line up six more beers on
the floor and begin again.� When she was
done serving up the second round, with twelve bottle caps crammed into her
bleeding pussy, she was finally sent off to get some supper and then back to
her cell for the night.

&nbsp;

In the
morning they sent her to the showers again, where one of the men rudely removed
the bottle caps with his inserted fingers, then forced a good amount of alcohol
up inside her to clean the wound.�
Screaming her lungs out for almost half an hour at the pain, she didn�t
find out until much later that they�d taken the liberty of recording that
sensation for future use.

&nbsp;

Dr. Iverson
stopped by during her morning training session to check on her progress.� Impressed with the speed at which they were
able to move along, he left again a bit later, leaving one last directive to
the trainers.� �Take her down to the
track during lunch.� Make sure the geek
squad gives her a good workout.� Dan
say�s she�s a good sprinter and he want�s her to have plenty of practice for
the club picnic.�

&nbsp;

When the
time came, the race track proved to be entirely worse than Dana had
feared.� Arms bound behind her back, she
was blindfolded and made to run the track as fast as she could pump her legs
with nothing to guide her but the painful signals burning at her clitoris and
nipples.� She knew she was a fast runner,
but the men made sure that she gave her all by constantly holding down the
�Nitrous� button, making her clitoris feel like it was being burned by a blow
torch!� Running and turning around the
track as best she could while completely blinded, she began sobbing
uncontrollably as the men began deliberately running her into walls, over
obstacles, tripping her up then punishing her soundly for failing to stay on
her feet.� In abject misery she abandoned
herself completely within her mind and became nothing more than a toy for cruel
boys to play with as those chose.�
Locking in that mind set, she maintained it throughout the day as she
was sent down to the gymnasium to service as many of the men on the staff as
she could before being sent off to bed.�
Giving herself over completely to her computer controller, Dana was a
real crowd pleaser, offering anal, vaginal, and oral sex simultaneously to the
men who lined up at both ends of her body.�
The staff was so pleased by her performance that they decided to
accelerate her graduation.

&nbsp;

The next
morning, Dana was led down to the dungeon to receive her final training, the
pain aversion treatment that was so effective in permanently deterring these
slaves from thoughts of escape.� With her
new and improved implants, Dana�s training was a thing of beauty.� Never before could such levels of pain be
inflicted on the trainee�s without causing terribly disfiguring scars or
severed body parts.� She was subject to
24 hours of pain that had her howling so loudly that even the permanent
residents of the dungeon were looking at her in terror and disbelief.� By the next morning when they let her out at
last, Dana was inwardly begging to be used, abused, beaten, burned, pierced,
whipped, anything and everything, just don�t do this to me ever again,
please!!� 

&nbsp;

She was
given one more night in the cell, and she collapsed instantly into a troubled
sleep, dreaming a constant series of nightmares from which she could not
awake.� In the morning she was once again
given her exercises, sent down for a shower, this time without molestation,
then back to her room.� At long last she
was allowed to dress, pulling on the clothes quickly and hugging her newly
covered body as she rocked slowly back and forth on her bed.� �Clothes� consisted of a short mini-skirt and
a halter top, with a thin pair of thongs for her feet.� She wondered idly if she would ever again be
allowed to wear underwear, as she waited for whatever would come next.� Finally she was driven out of the room down
to the cafeteria, and given breakfast.� After
an eerily normal morning feast of cereal and fruit, she was sent down the
hallway again and found herself in Dr. Iverson�s office.� Dan was there waiting for her, to take her
back home at last.

&nbsp;

�I�ll have
her back next weekend for delivery to the Thompson�s, Ron.� After 8 years of dreaming about what I�d like
to do to this little piece of ass, I�ve just got to take a week to exercise my
fantasies before I turn over the keys,� Dan was explaining.

&nbsp;

�Well, here
she is, and I must say that her training was all that we�d hoped it would
be.� Enjoy her all you like, I�m sure
that Steve won�t mind a few extra days delay at this point.� We�ll see you next week!�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Depr@ved


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





