BDSM Library - Sleepsuckers




Sleepsuckers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two spoiled hotties experience missing time and sore throats...







Sleepsuckers

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-06-29T22:45:00Z
  2006-06-29T22:45:00Z
  1
  1606
  9157
   
  76
  21
  10742
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Sleepsuckers

by Dennis C. Lee

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� Bebe woke up with
the funniest feeling in her stomach. Usually when she woke up she was hungry
for breakfast, but today she felt surprisingly full.

&nbsp;

� As she got out of
the warm bed and stretched her pert agile body she began wondering what exactly
happened the night before. Here it was, a weekend, and was she really having
the fun she told herself she would all week? Her and her friend Alicia had gone
out; that much she remembered. They'd dressed to kill, really dolling it up to
tease the guys. And they loved teasing guys. It was what they did best. Bebe
had worn a canary yellow camisole top and a short, baby blue denim skirt. She
knew with her pink lipstick, violet eyeshadow and long straight golden blond
hair, she would drive any man crazy. Ali was a dark brunette, so she undertood
the effect her little black dress and dark lipstick would have on the male of
her species. They both loved to laugh after their parties, about all the
frustrated guys who would be going home that night to jack off with the teasing
babes in their minds. 

&nbsp;

� Bebe now noticed
a strange taste and texture in her mouth. usually if she's been drinking the
night before she'd have cotton-mouth, but this was different. There was a salty
after-taste, and a pasty feeling in her mouth and throat, and her throat was a
little sore. What had happened last night?

&nbsp;

� They had gone to
Jon-Paul's party. He was a French guy they'd met on campus a month ago. He
seemed alright, was kinda cute and had some hot fratboy friends the two girls
were interested in.�� 

&nbsp;

� After getting
dressed she called Ali, who said she was also feeling a bit 'headachy', and the
two agreed to meet at The Nook, a little lunch cafe not far from where each
lived.

&nbsp;

� One of JonPaul's
friends, Bill, passed the girls on the way and grinned raunchily. Bebe felt
uneasy at this perv gawking at her. What gave him the right? Her obvious
distain didn't faze him.

&nbsp;

� &quot;What the
fuck are you grinning about?&quot; She tried to sound tough, but it didn't
cover a slight anxiety.

&nbsp;

� &quot;Hey,
honeys, just appreciating that two hot babes like yourselves enjoy the kind of
party where everybody leaves happy. Like last night.&quot; He actually
gaffawed, like some sort of retarded yokel. The girls looked at each other
feigning disgust, but actually confused.

&nbsp;

� Finally Ali
shrugged her shoulders. &quot;He's nuts,&quot; she said, and her friend agreed.

&nbsp;

� &quot;Later,
masterbator.&quot; Bebe gave a limp wave to Bill, who continued to grin like a
cat with a canary even as they walked away. In the cafe, another bud of
JonPaul's, Simon, was just putting honey in his lotte when he saw the girls and
was reminded of something sweeter, something that had accured the night before.


&nbsp;

� &quot;You know
what your new names are?&quot; Simon asked them before even saying hello.

&nbsp;

� &quot;What are
you talking about, Simple Semen Simon?&quot; Ali quickly quipt and both girls
exploded in laughter. She always was the one with a machine-gun wit.

&nbsp;

� Simon was
unfazed. &quot;Hey, I like the nickname Semen. At least its honesty in
advertising.&quot; 

&nbsp;

� The girls
snickered. But there was something about his manner that made them uneasy.
Usually guys were ackward and stuttering in the pretty young girls presense.
Something was off kilter this morning.

&nbsp;

� &quot;Your
name,&quot; he pointed confidently at Bebe, almost jabbing her in her right
boob, &quot;is Baby Swallows.&quot; Then he nearly fell backing up as he
cracked up laughing, as both females glared at him. They were not amused.

&nbsp;

�Bebe stuttered to
get in a retort. &quot;Like, you wish,&quot; was the best she could come up
with. 

&nbsp;

� Her friend was
quicker, &quot;For someone whose nickname is gonna be Dickless, you are one
fucking arrogant asshole,&quot; Ali shot.

&nbsp;

� &quot;And
yours,&quot; Simon went on either ignoring her or not really caring enough to
listen to her, &quot;Is Alley Pussycat.&quot; Again he burst up cackling at his
own humor. &quot;You know, like you wait in alleys like a stray cat. Only this
stray pussy likes to kneel and give head.&quot; He felt the need to explain.
These well-fed and spoiled white bitches seemed a bit dimwitted to him. He
lacked any kind of respect for them, espescially since both had blown both him
and about 20 of his buds. What a party. What a couple of sluts.

&nbsp;

� What the girls
didn't know was last night JonPaul had drugged them, had given them drinks earlier
in the evening that had a chemical with very unusual propereties. It had been
developed by his uncle in France, who was in the process of submitting a
government report about the new compound. So it wasn't available to the public
- and may never be due to its dangerous, mind controlling properties.

&nbsp;

� Fifteen minutes
after sipping their drinks, the two clueless girls began to feel incredibly
tired. 

&nbsp;

� They were told by
Bill, who was in on it like a few of the other guys, to follow him to the bedroom.
They did unquestioningly, both feeling helpless to do anything but follow
sugestions and commands that were directed at them. There, they met several
boys who were new to them. 

&nbsp;

�� Jon Paul did the
commands that hold them in thrall. &quot;You will sleep through all the
cocksucking you do tonight. You will be in a state of 'sleepwalking', but
instead of walking, you'll be sucking.&quot;

&nbsp;

� Moments later
both hot honeys were in a perfectly strange dreamland. In their minds they
found great pride pride in their cocksucking abilities. They imagined insults
regarding these abilities to be compliments and would say 'thank you' if they
were called sluts, whore, skanks, dumb cunts, cum dumpsters, cocksucking trash
and so on... The guys had moved in for the action, laughing, pawing and jeering
at them.

&nbsp;

� One of them,
Vinny, grabbed Bebe around the waist and glared like an animal capturing a prey
into the frightened but unresisting girls eyes. 

&nbsp;

� &quot;You're
going to kiss me,&quot; the burly Italian kid told her, &quot;and you're going
to do it like you're starved for my attention, you just can't get enough of me.
Then you're going to feel a great horny craving to suck my dick, and you're
going to beg me to do it.&quot;

&nbsp;

� The gorgeous
blond moaned into the boy's mouth, their tongues darting back and forth through
each other's mouth, frenching like this was her first and only true love. Of
course, he wouldn't be her only love of the night, though she didn't know that
yet.

&nbsp;

�� &quot;Please,
please,&quot; she gasped between face sucks, &quot;please let me do
you....&quot;

&nbsp;

� &quot;Do me? What
do you mean, baby? Tell me exactly what you want to do.&quot;

&nbsp;

� &quot;I, I want
to give you pleasure, uh uh,&quot;

&nbsp;

� &quot;This is
pleasure. Having you suck my tongue as I do this,&quot; He twisted her nipple
through her shirt. &quot;This is pleasure to me. Isn't it good for you too,
baby.&quot;

&nbsp;

� &quot;Ah, ah,...
yeah. Oh! But I want, I NEED to, uh, uh,uh.... do more. To, to,...&quot;
suddenly she whipered, &quot;...suck...&quot;

&nbsp;

� Vinny was having
a good time teasing the fuck outa this newly slutted bitch. &quot;You gotta beg
like a horny whore, you dumb cunt.&quot; And she did. For ten minutes she
groveled on her knees rubbing her face in the crotch of his pants, begging
needily for the honor of lubricating his dick with her tongue, then pushing her
head forward to take his manhood all the way down her throat and ejaculate his
seed into her gullet.

&nbsp;

� And that's what
she did. The stupified slut did it twenty times that night. Once to Vinny then
once to each of the twenty guys who showed up for the free blowjobs that they'd
scarcely believed would happen. They'd been told the plan by JonPaul, who
explained the hypnopower effects of Uncle Jacques' drug. But here they were,
and here it was really happening. The proof was in the pudding from their puds
that they flooded the inside of the cute young girls cheeks with.

&nbsp;

And of course, they were told they would not remember any
of it. Somehow, that made it even more fun for the boys.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������� *������ *������
*������ *������ *

&nbsp;

� &quot;There's
another party tonight.&quot; Simon winked at them and stolled out the door.
Something in each girl fluttered like a butterfly in their soft tummies, and
they longed to go to that party. Somehow they knew they just had to go. The
longing was so great. They immediately talked about it excitedly.

&nbsp;

� &quot;Oh my god,
this is so great, Ali!&quot; The blond's burst stings the air.

&nbsp;

� &quot;What are
you gonna wear?&quot; The brunette grabbed her friends hand. &quot;We just HAVE
to look HOT!&quot;

&nbsp;

� They didn't have
to worry, they looked scorching in their skimpy, slutty outfits. But they
really weren't wearing very long after they walked into the party. Ten minutes
later, each pretty young tart would be naked except for their highheeled
sandles - Bebe's were purple, Ali's were silver.

&nbsp;

� This party was
different than that of the night before. For one thing, it was at a downtown
nightclub, one that had just recently installed a glory hole between the
women's and the men's bathrooms. A customer need only descend the wooden stairs
from the bar to the basement to see the five toilet stallsall in a row. The
guys knew to get head you entered stalls 1, 3 or 5. Stalls 2 and 4 had holes
drilled on each side, at approximate crotch level, each hole about five inches
in circumference. Stall 2 had a sign, written in girlish pink lipstick, that
read 'Baby Swallows'. On stall 4, in whorish bright red, in a diferent feminine
hand, was scrawed, 'Alley Pussycat'.

&nbsp;

� After a couple
special drinks and instruction from JonPaul, Bebe aka Baby Swallows took her
place in stall2. She stripped off her top then raised her miniskirt and got on
her knees, of course. A dick would poke through the glory hole. She started off
kissing it lovingly. Above her breasts and in her cheeks there raised a rosy
hue. She felt flushed with lust. 

&nbsp;

� A kind of routine
began. Soft lips, warm cheeks, wet twirling tongue.
Lickmoansuckmoanswallowmoan, lickmoansuckmoanswallowmoan,
lickmoansuckmoanswallowmoan, lickmoansuckmoanswallowmoan, . . .� &quot;And always say thank you after each, as
sweetly as possible.&quot;

&nbsp;

�� Everybody lost
count.

&nbsp;

�� Every once in
awhile a guy would would enter one of�
the girls' stalls and bang the bitch up against the wall, which the
wannabe whores greatly appreciated. JonPaul had told them they were not just
sleepsuckers, they also had become incredibly horny girls who loved the good
fuck of a total stranger in their pussys as well.

&nbsp;

� &quot;You will
forget all that you do and that is done to you tonight,&quot; JonPaul intoned
after they became even more pliable, more enslaved by the drinks. &quot;Just as
you did last night.&quot;

&nbsp;

�������������������������
*������� *������ *������
*������ *

&nbsp;

�Bebe woke up with
the funniest feeling in her stomach. Usually when she woke up she was hungry
for breakfast, but today she felt surprisingly full....

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dennis C. Lee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





