BDSM Library - Mars Demands Women




Mars Demands Women
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Women keep disappearing all over the city. It turns out Martians are abducting the women to perform stimulating bondage tests on them.







k

 
  John Maker
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-07-06T12:32:00Z
  2006-07-06T12:32:00Z
  1
  1600
  9126
  Atlantis Co.
  76
  21
  10705
  10.2625
 

 
  
  1
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:Times;
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&quot;Mars Demands Women&quot;

&nbsp;

A Piece of Fiction by Traveller

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter:
1

&nbsp;

The
alien up on the screen carried the buxom blonde as she shrieked in a way that
would embarrass every b-movie actress working in Hollywood. 

The
movie's director Walter, a gambler who made a fortune out of it and got into
the movie business, sat next to the actress gracing the screen. Tina Wray was a
former burlesque performer turned stag fim favorite turned b- movie actress.
Her lack of acting talent was very well covered up by her beautiful visage,
blonde hair, blue eyes and attractive figure.

As
that &quot;weird b- science fiction tension music&quot; filled the dark movie
theater, Walter looked at his producers Mr and Mrs. Claw who clearly looked
nervous. This made Walter squirm even more in his seat. Then he looked at Tina.
Her face illuminated by the light of the projection, didn't show any reaction
at all. Then to his surprise, she got up and went for the backdoor. Walter
immideately got up and followed her outside.

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
wrong, Tina?&quot; he already knew the answer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Everything,
Walt... Hollywood is nothing like the stag pictures. In my other films I had it
easy. No dialogue, eight minutes of performance and that was it. I don't think
I can take this anymore. Take after take... and for what? We have to admit it
I'm not good at talkies&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Honey,
even Marlene Dietrich didn't make it instantly in talkies. I know it's hard
work, but you'll get used to this new medium and everything will work out in
the end&quot;

&nbsp;

Tina
walked to the exit of Mei Ling's Chinese Theater. The clicking sound of her
high heels echoed. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
talk to you later&quot; she said

&nbsp;

&quot;Want
me to drive you home? You know, with the dissapearence of those other women in
the city, recently, I don't think it's wise to go out alone&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
okay, Walt. My car is just across the street&quot;

&nbsp;

Walt
didn't say anything as he watched Tina swing her hips in her hobble skirt. Her
back seamed stocking clad long legs were visible through the slit in her skirt.
Tina walked on the wet pavement, folding her arms in an attempt to protect
herself from the cold wind and her loneliness. She noticed the piece of paper
floating on a puddle of mud. The paper had a picture of a brunette woman in her
mid twenties. The heading read &quot;Missing: Paige Page&quot;. Tina looked at
the smiling picture of the young woman. She had shared an apartment with her
when she first came to Los Angeles. Paige dissapeared one night after she left
a party without a trace. She wasn't the first to disappear. Women had been
dissapearing all over town in the last eight days. The authorities were left
without a clue and couldn't come up with anything.Tina suddenly felt uneasy and
quickly went towards her car. Just as she was about to get in her car, Tina
noticed some kind of glow and when she looked up, she saw a flying object which
passed over the buildings. Shocked, she dropped her purse and as if she's been
hypnotized, she went through the dark alley to follow the flying saucer. The
unidentified object just stood there, suspened in the sky. Tina was amazed at
this sight. Then on instinct she made a move to run but it was too late. A beam
of light yielded by the flying saucer surrounded her. Tina immideately fainted
and her body was lifted in the air by the beam of light and she was transported
inside the unidentified object. Then, the flying object dissapeared into the
night sky.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Paige
Page woke up to find herself lying on a steel table of some sorts. The room was
filled with weird looking objects and high tech devices. The walls and the
ceiling were covered with mirrors. Paige looked at her reflection on the
ceiling. She was naked and her hands and feet were strapped to the corners of
the table. A black band covered her mouth. She squealed as she felt the cold
feeling caused by the steel, take over her body. For the last couple of days,
Paige had been waking up to find herself bound and gagged on various weird
machines. Her captors all resembled Cary Grant and Gypsy Rose Lee clad in tight
bodyhugging catsuits. Paige's body was weak because of the constant stimulation
caused by the &quot;tests&quot; performed on her by the mysterious captors. Paige
was startled as the table began rotating and came to a stop at a standing
positon. She could hear her own breathing. Then a buzzing noise filled the room
and a device which resembled a silver dildo with a pump attached to it's head
appeared from a hole on the table, right between her legs. It began moving
towards her sex as Paige yelled into her gag. The pump was covered with some
type of gel and it began rubbing against her clit. Soon Paige found herself
moaning uncontrollably. A drop of her own juice slid down her leg. Her nipples
were hard as the cool air brushed past them. The pump slowly entered her vagina
and began inflating inside her. Paige felt a tingling sensation in her crotch.
She didn't notice the buttplug-like piece attached to the device. She moaned in
surprise as the plug went inside her asshole and began vibrating. Paige moaned
helplessly as the pump inside her deflated for a few seconds, only to inflate
again. This process went on for what it felt like hours to her. She felt the
pump inflating then deflating inside her. Paige's body responded strongly.
turning a shade of red. Soon there was a puddle of her juices on the floor.
Paige closed her eyes and her toes curled as she had a powerful orgasm which
took hold of her body.

&nbsp;

On
the other side of the mirror, two people in labcoats took notes and entered
data into computers. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The
scale is going crazy. She's responding like she never did before&quot; a man
reported to a woman clad in a similar looking lab coat which gave a peek of her
catsuit that had holes, revealing her nipples and tummy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Excellent.
They have the new one waiting in the silent room&quot; the woman said with a
smile as she punched buttons on a calculator like device.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter:
2

&nbsp;

In
the dark, empty room, Tina stood naked on the tip of her toes. Her whole body
ached because of the position she had been forced to endure. The steel collar
around her slender neck had an iron bar attached to it. The other end of the
bar was cuffed to her ankles so her head was almost touching her knees. A
butthook inside her tiny hole was tied to the ceiling. Tina tried her best to
keep her balance. The way she was bent and the hook in her butt gave her no
room to struggle. Also there were wires attached to her nipples with tiny
strips of black tape. The wires were connected to her collar which seemed to
have a timer of some sorts on it.

&nbsp;

&quot;HHHLMMMFFF!!!&quot;
she yelled at the top of her lungs. But the shiny black ball, held in place
with a head harness, muffled every helpless call she managed to utter.

&nbsp;

A
drop of sweat ran down her inner thigh, but Tina couldn't make a movement to
get rid of that annoying ticklish feeling. She tried to raise her head just a
bit to see her surroundings. But the moment she moved her head, the timer on
her collar ticked and three short shocks were sent to her nipples. However, the
shocks, to her surprise, didn't hurt her nipples but created a sexual frenzy
between her legs. Not expecting this sexual stimulation, Tina closed her eyes
and jerked her head which caused more of that orgasmic shocks to be sent
throughout her body.Tina moaned into her gag, drooling uncontrollably. Tina
mewed helplessly as the light in the room were turned on. She heard footsteps
approach her. Then she sensed a hand massaging her asscheeks and gently
removing the cruel butthook. The same hand carrassed the nape of her neck and off
came the collar and the gag. She looked up to see a man who very much looked
like a young Paul Newman. 

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
an honor to have you here, Ms. Wray&quot; he smiled. &quot;I'm a big fan of
your work&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
not in L.A.? Right?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
heading for Mars, the red planet as you know. Please don't panic Ms. Wray. I'm
Tim Ravell the captain of this ship&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Tim?
That doesn't sound like a Martian name&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This
language I'm using to communicate with you is not Martianese either&quot;

&nbsp;

Tim
pointed to a small device he took out of his pocket. &quot;You see we're using
a translator of some sorts to translate our language to any other language. And
it seems the translation of my name corresponds to a Tim Ravell&quot; 

&nbsp;

A
woman entered the room and knelt infront of Tina. She cuffed her hands with
shackles which had a long chain that linked to another set of cuffs which were
applied to her ankles.

&nbsp;

&quot;Why...
why am I here?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
don't be alarmed. You probably have questions of your own. They'll all be
answered. But for the time being, Ms. Peel here will lead you to your
room&quot; 

&nbsp;

Tim
Ravell gently pushed back the gag in Tina's mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;MMMM!&quot;
she protested. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
worry I'll keep an eye on how you're treated&quot; Tim carressed her cheek.

&nbsp;

Her
shackles rattling, Tina followed behind Ms. Peel, who kept tugging on her
leash. They kept passing identical looking doors in a very large hallway. They
stopped infront of a door which had a tag on it that read; 1933. Ms. Peel
punched a few buttons on the door.

&nbsp;

&quot;You'll
be staying here&quot; Peel said as she pushed Tina inside. Before Tina could
react the door was closed.

&nbsp;

Her
eyes scanned the environment. The room reminded Tina of the film set of a movie
she starred in. It was about a princess who was abducted to be sold into
slavery. The room was an exact replica of the princess' bedroom with the high
ceilings, the enormous double bed with soft pillows, the huge windows with
their drawn curtains. Tina couldn't help but smile at the irony.

&nbsp;

&quot;Welcome
aboard, sugah&quot; a female voice said.

&nbsp;

Tina
looked at the far corner of the room. A leggy blonde with long curly hair, clad
in spaghetti strap sandals and ancient harem attire, emerged from the bathroom.
She had shackles around her wrists and ankles exactly like Tina's. Her accent
is Texan with odd traces of English. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
Heather&quot; the blonde smiled as she removed Tina's gag.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tina&quot;
the hapless damsel murmured as Heather cleaned the drool caused by the gag.

&nbsp;

&quot;Guess
you met Paul Newman and his crew already&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Why...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't know why we're here&quot; Heather interrupted &quot;Paul... Tim Ravell
said...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Said
your questions will be answered later&quot; Tina completed Heather's sentence.
They giggled nervously.

&nbsp;

&quot;On
the meantime though, you can enjoy your stay. They have first class roomservice
here&quot;

&nbsp;

Heather
noticed Tina trying to cover up her breasts and lower private parts with her
hands.

&nbsp;

&quot;But
first let's get you something to wear. Something comfortable&quot; she winked.

&nbsp;

Tina
smiled. Somehow she felt safe and relaxed.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  THE Traveller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





