BDSM Library - Pandora�s box




Pandora�s box
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When she meets the confident and sexy Tanya, Karen decides that she would like to experience sex with another woman. After Karen takes Tanya back to her flat, she realises that her sexual curiosity has let her in for a whole lot more than she bargained for.







Pandora�s box

 
  Phil 1
   jim
  2
  6
  2006-08-01T17:48:00Z
  2006-08-01T17:48:00Z
  1
  16007
  91245
  athome
  760
  214
  107038
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Pandora�s
box����������������� 

An error of judgement

As the rope
started to bite into my wrists I struggled to turn my body and pull my arms out
from behind my back. My efforts had no effect, and my captor�s hold on my arms
remained vice-like as the rope was wound around and between my wrists. 

I glanced at the
mirrored door of the wardrobe to one side and saw myself, standing in only my
bra and panties, while my hands were tied by another partially naked woman
standing behind me. 

Not only was it
difficult to believe that what I was watching was real, what was even more
mind-boggling was that this was a situation entirely of my own making. 

I squirmed again
and tried to pull my arms free. Biting my lip I stammered 

�Uh, look Tanya, I
really am not sure about this, can we please just stop and talk for a minute?� 

In the mirror I
saw no change in the swift movements of my subjugator�s hands and fingers, or
in the look of resolute intent upon her face.

The realisation
that she was not going to stop, and that I really was being tied up brought a
horrible, watery sensation to my stomach which reminded me of the first time
that I had met Tanya, only a few hours before. 

I had been on my
way back from a business meeting in a neighbourhood that I rarely visited when
I was taken by sudden whim to visit Pandora�s Box. A bar that I had heard was a
good place to relax and meet people, and one that I had never visited myself.
What I had never envisaged was that I would end up meeting another woman, and
especially not one like Tanya. 

I remember that
Tanya had caught my eye when I first walked in. She was a striking woman, tall
with high cheek bones, a light tan, a wide smiling mouth, and masses of wavy
auburn hair that reached down to the top of her shoulder blades. Dressed in a
grey business suit and white blouse, she was also quite tall, around 6 foot, I
would say. There was something about the look in her eye and that one sided
smile of hers that affected me. 

When our eyes met
for the first time, something passed between us and I found it difficult to
look away. After our eyes had locked a couple more times she picked up her
drink and I realised that she was coming over to me. That was when the
butterflies in my stomach really took off. 

I would never have
described myself as a lesbian, or even as bisexual, - but I was curious. Ever
since I was a teenager, I have had occasional thoughts and fantasies about what
it would be like to be with another woman. I have even gone as far as
occasionally buying porn magazines, or surfing web site on lonely nights. 

After a string of
drab, going-nowhere relationships, I split up with my ex a couple of months
back. I don�t know if it was the fact that he seemed particularly self-centred
and interested only in satisfying his needs, or if I was suffering from a
deeper, more general boredom with my life. But since we split up, I found my
curiosity about lesbianism had increased. 

I had heard that
Pandora�s box was a quiet, discreet place to meet other women, so I thought
that maybe I should head over there some time on my drive home from work and I
guess that was how I ended up nervously clutching my drink and wondering what
if I knew what I was getting into as I watched Tanya walking towards me.

I remembered her
first words, �Hello! I�m Tanya. You look a bit lost sitting there on your own.�
And that broad smile of hers as she continued in that unplaceable mid-Atlantic
kind of accent. �Mind if I join you?�

I mumbled
something like �Sure�, and gestured at the seat next to me. And somehow, in
less than two hours we went from there to the point where we decided to
continue our conversation somewhere a little more private. 

All through that
conversation Tanya�s face fascinated me. In addition to those high cheek bones,
her wide mouth had well defined full lips and hazel eyes with a slight Asiatic
curve to the upper lids. She enhanced this look with a touch of eye liner to
give herself a sexy and enigmatic look. I guessed that she was around my age,
early thirties, with just a couple of faint lines starting to appear around the
corners of her eyes. She also had an upturned nose with a kind of slightly
bulbous end. This slightly unusual shape made her nose interesting rather than
cute. On another woman, a nose like that might have been rather unflattering,
but with Tanya it combined with her eyes, cheekbones and lips to produce a
striking set of features. I found myself looking at her and wondering whether
she was fascinating because she was truly beautiful, or whether the slight
imperfection of her nose was the thing that made her so striking. 

It wasn�t long
before it occurred to me that I didn�t want our conversation to end, and also
that it might be a lot more comfortable if we continued somewhere else, like
back at my apartment.

As I looked at the
mirror and watched Tanya cinching the ropes around my wrists with that look of
determination I felt like kicking myself for being so na�ve and giving in so
easily to that urge to experience something new and live dangerously. 

While we talked in
the bar, Tanya had got all kinds of personal information out of me, about my
single status, my dissatisfaction with men and in particular my ex, and my
curiosity about sex with women. In turn, she revealed little about herself,
especially about her job. I did manage to get out of her that she was some kind
of project manager or event coordinator who specialised in multi-media. Looking
back, I can see that alarm bells should have started to ring inside my head
when she said something about organising and making video recordings of events
but was quite vague and evasive about the type of events that she was talking
about. I was too busy marvelling at the translucent brown of her eyes and
studying the shape of Tanya�s nose to pay attention to such trifling details as
to whether she worked on the right side of the law, or was involved in
something a bit darker. 

I remember clearly
the thrill that shot through me when we started talking about sex and she
revealed that she enjoyed sensual activities of all kinds, with men but
particularly with women. I learned that she had had more sexual adventures than
I had ever dreamed of. And then she said something to me that I will never
forget: that nothing had prepared her for the experience of having sex with
another woman and that this was the greatest sensual pleasure that she�d ever
known. She asked me if I had ever had sex with another woman. Then she asked me
if I had ever thought about it, and I amazed myself by admitting that I had. At
that point I was completely hooked, and Tanya could see it too. From then on I
had no choice in the matter, I would have gone anywhere with her and done
anything she wanted. 

After that it
wasn�t long before Tanya suggested that we move on to somewhere a bit more
private. Outside in the parking lot, Tanya mentioned that she was sharing with
a friend at the moment and suggested that we look for a motel. This seemed like
an unnecessary expense and also slightly seedy, so I suggested that we go back
to my apartment. Minutes later, with Tanya following me in her car, my normal
sober self began to exert itself and I started to wonder just how sensible an
idea it was. Looking back now, with Tanya using my own ropes to tie my hands
behind my back, it seemed like a serious mistake.

In fact, almost as
soon as we arrived at my place I found out that being on my home ground gave me
no authority or protection at all in the face of Tanya�s cool confidence and
determined desire. As soon as we arrived, Tanya went to the bathroom while I
mixed us a couple of drinks with hands that were shaking so much that the ice
in the glasses clinked loudly. When she came back into the room, Tanya simply
took both drinks off me and set them down out of the way on the table. I took a
step back as Tanya moved in real close. She brushed a hand across my cheek
�It�s OK.� She said quietly. �I was nervous too my first time.�

�Really?� I
replied uncertainly. 

She put a hand
around my waist and into the small of my back. The tip of her nose brushed
lightly against mine, and my nostrils were filled with her scent. 

�Yeah.� She
breathed. �It�s just nerves that�s all.�

She leant forwards
and kissed me lightly upon the lips, then pulled her head back and studied me
for a second. 

�Look Karen, if
you�re really unhappy, I�ll stop.� She gave me an open smile �I�ll even leave
if you want.� She stared at me for a few seconds. 

�Is that what you
want?�

I stared down at
the floor, thought for a second and then shook my head. My nerves were killing
me, but I didn�t want her to go.

�OK.� She
whispered softly and pulled me towards her for a proper kiss. This was it.
Tanya�s luscious lips were only millimetres from mine. After years of wondering
and fantasising about what it would be like with another woman, here I was
about to finally find out for myself at last. I felt the pull from her hand
against my back and a thought popped into my head: �what�s the harm in one
kiss?� And with that thought I moved my face towards Tanya�s. 

Our first kiss
sent a shiver through me. Tanya�s lips were warm and firm and her lip gloss
tasted sweet but it was that strange electric thrill that ran down my spine and
into my crotch that really made me think �Wow!� 

Maybe it was just
the knowledge that I was doing something that went against my upbringing,
something that most of my friends and family would disapprove of, if not be
totally appalled by. That first thrill seemed to spread out from my lips and
ran like a shiver down my spine until it reached my crotch where a fiery
tingling started to burn in my pussy. 

Tanya became
bolder and I felt the tip of her tongue brush against my lips. Well I thought,
if we�re kissing, we might as well do it properly and I opened my lips and our
tongues entwined. After a minute she put her arms around me and held me in a
proper embrace. So, I slid an arm around her waist and put the other around her
back. I mean, it seemed like the right thing to do. 

Tanya�s kisses
were delicate at first, exploratory slowly becoming deeper and more passionate.
When she used her tongue to trace a pattern around my lips I felt a wonderful
feeling of being alive and part of some wonderful exploration. As I got used to
kissing Tanya like this the butterflies in my stomach started to settle until
Tanya decided it was time to move on. This was a pattern that she seemed to set
for the whole of the evening. She just about allowed me to get used to
something before pushing me onwards towards the next level.

I felt Tanya�s
hand pluck my blouse out of the top of my skirt and then the warm, soft skin of
her hands slid across my stomach and around my sides. The sensations that her
finger tips and nails produced as she ran them softly across the skin of my
back and shoulders was another electrifying experience. I was losing myself in
these heavenly sensations when I felt Tanya�s hand move away. Next, her fingers
were pulling at the clasp of my skirt and before I could do anything, my skirt
went sliding down my legs to lie crumpled around my feet. 

I was acutely
aware that I was standing in my living room, in a state of semi-undress while a
woman that I had only known for a few hours was putting her hands all over my
body. When Tanya�s fingers started to trace their devilish patterns across my
buttocks my breathing began to quicken and deepen. Then I felt her fingers
start to explore beneath the elastic of my panties as they crossed my buttocks
and a strange thing happened. My feelings of jitteriness remained the same as
ever, but I felt desire rising up within me. A great feeling of what I can only
call lust welled up from deep within my crotch. I suddenly felt like I wanted
to devour Tanya, to embrace her and know every part of her. I longed to rub my
nose through her innermost, most personal and secret places and breathe in her
aromas and scents. I wanted to run my tongue over her skin and taste her. As I
experienced these strange, alien urges, Tanya undid her skirt and let it drop
to the floor.

Then she pulled me
harder against her and slid one leg between mine as we continued kissing and
caressing each other�s skin with our fingers. Tanya began rubbing the top of
her thigh against my pussy. This sent further sensations flooding out through
my body and for the first time I actively kissed Tanya and pulled her body
towards mine, grinding my pussy against hers.

After a while,
Tanya pulled away from me and I could see that she too was breathing deeply and
that those beautiful wide cheek bones were suffused with a reddish-pink glow. 

Without saying a
word, she undid the buttons on my blouse and slid it off my shoulders to leave
me standing in just bra and panties. Then she took me by the hand and pulled me
towards the bedroom. 

Standing by bed,
Tanya put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me down onto it. Full of a heady
mixture of nervousness and desire, I watched as she removed her blouse and then
lowered herself on top of me. Once again, she put one knee between my thighs as
she lowered her face onto mine and kissed me. This time, her hands explored my
stomach and chest as she kissed me. Her knee began to rhythmically grind
against my pussy and my body began to respond with increasingly strong feelings
of pleasure rippling out from my crotch. I felt her fingers steal beneath the
fabric of my bra and explore the contours of my breasts and nipples. The
regular pressure from her knee against my groin sent my pulse race faster and
faster and made the tingling within my pussy burn more and more intensely. 

The intense
feeling of desire returned, boiling up from within again. I hugged Tanya to me.
I wanted her. I wanted her right there and right then. I put my hands around
her back and found the fastener on her bra. It was strange, it was like I was
doing this, but at the same time, I was also watching myself. Some part of me
was standing back in disbelief, watching me take hold of Tanya�s bra strap and saying
�Is that really you, are you actually going to take another woman�s bra off?� 

With my trembling
fingers, I followed the outline of the strap and clasp and I was just working
out how it should be unfastened when the shrill ring of the phone beside the
bed cut through the semi-erotic haze and brought us back to reality. 

We both froze, and
looked at each other. It continued ringing for 15, maybe 20 seconds and then
stopped.

Tanya smiled at
me, and then started to lower her face towards mine again when a shrill
beep-beeping sound came from the living room freezing us both into immobility
again.

�My mobile� I
whispered as I started to disentangle my body from Tanya�s.

�Let it ring!� She
seemed surprised that I would even consider answering.

�It might be Mikey,
my ex. He always rings the house first and then my mobile.�

�If he�s your ex,
then why speak to him?� Tanya looked puzzled.

�Because I don�t
want him coming round here looking for me, which he has been known to do on a
Friday night when he�s at a loose end. If he sees my car in the drive, we�ll
never get rid of him.� 

Tanya nodded at me
expressionlessly as I stood up. 

�Don�t worry. I�ll
put him off.� I told her as I crossed the room. 

And that was my
big mistake. I don�t mean that answering the phone was a mistake. I mean that
leaving Tanya alone in my bedroom was the thing that led directly to her
grabbing me and lashing my wrists together behind my back. 

It took me a few
minutes to get rid of Mikey. After all, I had to put him off completely, make him
think that there was absolutely no point in coming round to my place on the off
chance. So I told� him that I was� out, staying over a girlfriend�s house for
the night. Eventually, I heard the disappointment and lack of interest enter
his voice when it finally sank in that I wasn�t available for a bit of fun,
another evening of convenient sex. After that, I was able to put the phone down
and forget about him.

I walked back into
the bedroom and found Tanya sitting on the bed looking at something on the bed
next to her. That was the point at which the first big shock of the evening
occurred and the roller coaster ride that was to follow started. As I walked
over to the bed my gaze moved from Tanya to the thing that she was reading and
I saw that she was reading a magazine. I stopped in my tracks and my jaw
dropped open with horror as I saw what it was that she was reading, it was one
of my bondage magazines!. 

A glance at my
chest of drawers showed that the second drawer down was open.

�You�ve been going
through my things!� I shouted at her.

Tanya looked up at
me. �Sorry� Karen, I wasn�t prying. I was
actually looking for these.� 

She raised a hand
and I saw a pair of my nylon stockings dangling from her fingers. �I just
wanted to see what you had in the way of sexy lingerie.� She appeared to have
no guilty feelings whatsoever about searching through my things, and the
corners of her mouth spread out into a knowing grin. 

�But of course, I
found these didn�t I?.� Tanya gestured towards the bondage magazines and I also
saw several bundles of rope that she had removed from my drawer. .

I swallowed hard
and felt my cheeks start to redden. I didn�t know what to say

Tanya stood up and
stared into my eyes. �Do you wanna tell me what you use these for?�

My cheeks were
burning now, and I still couldn�t think of a single thing to say. 

Tanya reached out
to stroke my cheek. �There�s no need to be embarrassed, I�m not surprised. Lots
of people are into this kind of stuff.�

�Really.� I
whispered hesitantly, still feeling horribly embarrassed at having my innermost
interests revealed.

�Oh, yes.� Tanya
leaned her face towards mine, and said quietly. �And that includes me!� 

I couldn�t think
what to say, and I couldn�t meet Tanya�s conspiratorial stare. So I bit my lip
and stared at the floor, uncertain of what to do.

Tanya continued.
�Look, I promise you, I wasn�t looking for things like this in your drawers.
But honestly, bondage is one of my absolute favourites. I love tying other
people up and being tied up. Don�t you?�

��I�m not sure.� I whispered

Tanya�s eyes
widened with sudden comprehension. �I see. You�re into self bondage!�

I stared at her,
too horrified and ashamed to say anything. My secret was out, and I felt sick
with shame and humiliation. 

Tanya smiled and
gave a small shake of her head

�Hey! Don�t look
like that. It�s nothing to be ashamed of. If you had any idea how many people
like tying themselves up, your eyes would just bulge.� She paused and
considered. �Well, maybe not that, but you would be amazed at how many people
are into it, trust me.� 

I looked dubious
and she stroked my cheek again. 

�And tonight, you
don�t have to do it on your own, because you�ve got me to show you how it�s
done.�

Looking back, I
can see that right then and there I should have turned and run. Instead, I just
froze like a rabbit caught in car headlights as a wave of nervousness ran over
me. 

�What do you
mean?� I managed to stammer.

�I mean that I
will be more than happy to . . you know, show you how it should really be
done.� Tanya looked down, and as my eyes followed her gaze I saw that she was
holding a handful of rope.

The sight of Tanya
brandishing a coil of rope at me jarred me into life and I started to back away
from her saying �Uhh, nahh, I don�t think so . .� I broke off as Tanya reached
out and took a firm grip of my shoulder and I found that I couldn�t back away
from her. 

�Look Tanya.� I
held my hands up in a kind of pleading gesture. �Doing what we were doing
before is great, I was enjoying it But this. .� I shook my head as I stared at
the rope in her hand. �This is too far, too fast you understand?�

Tanya gave me an
evil grin and shook her head. �No pain, no gain.� 

Her words filled
me with dread and terror, but before I could move she grabbed my forearm and
twisted it while at the same time she shoved my shoulder with her other hand
forcing me to turn on the spot and face away from her. She was now holding my
forearm in a vice like grip in the small of my back. 

Tanya pressed her
body up behind mine and said forcefully. �Give me your other hand.�

I hesitated and
she spoke again. �Karen, you know this is what you want. You�ve been dreaming
of this haven�t you?� 

Tanya paused for a
second, letting her words sink in. �You long to be tied up and dominated by
another woman don�t you?� Tanya was now whispering seductively. �Those
magazines aren�t new are they? Look at the state of them! You�ve had them for
years and you�ve been fantasising about this for ages haven�t you?�

I listened to her
words and shivered, my muscles felt like they were turning to jelly. Part of me
longed to give in, and knew that what she was saying was right, but another,
sensible and logical part of me hung back, nervous and uncertain and wanting
more time, to make sure that this was safe and that it was really what I wanted
to do. 

�Admit it.� She
continued. �You would love to know what it�s like to be naked and bound and in
the power of another woman who is going to use her fingers and tongue all over
your body.� 

I opened my mouth
to say something, but it was too late. Her hand moved from my shoulder, slid
down my free arm and grabbed my wrist. There may have been a split second as
she moved her hand in which I could have moved, but I didn�t. Then, with a
swift twisting jerking motion she wrenched my arm behind my back and pinned it
against my other wrist. 

The slight pain in
my arm made me feel panicky, and I tried to turn and shouted �Hey! Let�s hang
on here a minute.� 

Tanya�s only reply
was to wrap several loops of rope around my wrists. I tried to flex my forearms
and wrists as I wondered how she could hold them together so tightly and I
realised with a sudden pang she wasn�t holding them. I could only think that
she must have had a lot of practise at tying women up because there was no
other way that she could have tied my hands so quickly. 

I turned my
head and looked at the mirrored front of my built in wardrobe. I saw that Tanya
worked quickly and was already knotting the ropes around my wrists. As I
watched, she finished tying the knots and then stood back to survey her
handiwork. I strained the muscles in my arms as hard as I could, but all that I
was able to do was wiggle my fingers. The ropes around my wrists felt thick and
as solid as a pair of manacles. The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering
again big time as I realised that I was well and truly bound and helpless. With
a shudder, I wondered what she was going to do to me next?

Hogtied

Once Tanya had
finished tying my hands I twisted my body round to try and see what she had
done to me in the mirror. Looking over my shoulder, I could see that each of my
wrists was held by a bunch of grey ropes which was cinched between my two
wrists by several more cords. I moved my arms up and down as much as I could
and strained my neck, but I could not see where the rope was knotted. Worse
still, Tanya had tied my hands with the right one lying across the front of my
left wrist so that my fore arms were held in the middle of my back, just below
my shoulder blades with each hand pointing towards the opposite side of my
body. This kind of tie made it even harder for me to try and reach the ropes
around my wrists and the knots that held them in place.

A single length of
rope, perhaps four or five feet long dangled loosely from the mass of rope
around my wrists onto the floor. I was just pondering this solitary length and
its possible purpose when I felt a hand on my shoulder and whirled round to
face Tanya.

�Feels good eh?� 

I just stared at
her, still too shocked and confused to know what to say.

Tanya grinned at
me. �Yep, there are few things that are more of a turn on than being tied up
and knowing that someone�s fingers and tongue are soon going to be all over
your body, stroking your tits, licking your pussy, doing all kinds of things.
.�

Eyes wide, I stared
at her with an open mouth. �But, but. . �

Tanya feigned
surprise. 

�You wanted me to
do those kinds of things to you didn�t you?�

I felt my cheeks
grow warm again and stammered

�Well, I suppose
uh,� . yes� but look, not like this!�

Tanya nodded at
me.

�It�ll be more fun
like this. Trust me.�

�Oh Tanya please!�
I squealed, wondering how I was ever going to get out of this.

Tanya wrinkled her
nose at me in disapproval.

�You�re quite a
whiner aren�t you?�

I stared at her.

�Know what? I
don�t like whiners?�

Tanya raised her
arm and I looked down to see that she was holding my big red ball gag.

I gasped �No!� and
took a step back.

Tanya lunged at me
and grabbed me firmly by the shoulder again. Then she nodded at me. �Oh yes,
I�m afraid so.�

�No!� I pleaded as
she stepped round behind me. �Not that, please Tanya! Not the ball gag!�

Without warning,
Tanya took hold of my nose from behind and pinched my nostrils hard. I opened
my mouth to scream and Tanya pulled my nose upwards and backwards. The next
thing I knew, a large rounded object was being pressed against my teeth. 

We struggled for a
second as I tried to keep the gag from being forced into my mouth, but Tanya
had her thumb against the ball and applied more and more pressure until I could
resist it no more. With a screech of indignant anger, I gave in and allowed the
ball gag to slide past my teeth and fill the inside of my mouth. 

Tanya pushed my
head forward as she threaded the strap of the ball gag into the buckle behind
my head. Being tied up was bad enough, but being gagged with my own ball gag
was even more humiliating and I let out a whimper of humiliation as I felt her
fingers working away behind my neck. This turned to a squeal of pain as Tanya
pulled the strap of the gag tightly into place and fastened it, making the
straps bite into the sides of my mouth. When she finished she moved round in
front of me to look at me. 

I tried to speak
but all that came out was �mmff, nnnhh, mmmmhh, duurrnnh!�

I stood there
snorting and breathing heavily through my nose, biting on the large, hard
object filling my mouth and trying to fight down the gag response. 

Tanya looked me up
and down and stared long and hard at my body. She had an intense and serious
look in her eyes which kind of reminded me of the way a bird of prey looks down
from on high at its prey. I realised that she was looking at me with lust and
that felt strange. I don�t think I had ever been looked at in that way by a
woman before.

Tanya was right, I
was about to fulfil a long-held fantasy and it was making me feel very strange
� at once terrified but also quite turned on. Suddenly I was aware that in
addition to the hollow feeling in my stomach, my pussy felt really hot and that
tingling sensation had started within it again.

Tanya walked over
to my dressing table, picked something up and then came back. She stopped in
front of me, held up a small pair of scissors that I kept on my dresser and
made snipping motions with them.

�Mmmff, mmfff,
nnnhh, mmmmhh, mmmff!� noises came out of my gag as I shook my head from side
to side and backed away from her 

Tanya laughed and
followed me until I was backed up against the bedroom wall. She took hold of
one of my bra straps and pulled it away from my shoulder. 

�Just going to set
you free.� And with that she snipped cleanly through the thin material of the
shoulder strap. 

I watched mutely
as Tanya cut through the other shoulder strap and then the material at the
front, between the cups. I felt the material move against my skin as Tanya
pulled what was left of my bra away and let it drop onto the floor to leave me
staring down at my bare breasts.� 

Tanya smiled and
raised her hands towards my breasts 

�Mmm!� she purred
as her finger went gliding over my skin 

All I could do was
watch as she casually explored my breasts. She cupped my breasts in her hands,
taking each nipple between a thumb and forefinger. She started to gently roll
my nipples back and forth between her fingers filling my breasts with exquisite
sensations. 

The heaviness of
my legs seemed to increase and I felt an urge to simply flop on the floor and
let Tanya do whatever she wanted to me. My nipples responded to her caresses by
becoming stiffer and harder. I became aware that the tingling sensations in my
crotch were getting stronger. I felt an instinctive desire to rub my clit, or
get someone to rub it for me. 

Tanya noticed the
hardening of my nipples 

�I knew you wanted
it.� She murmured as she bent her head and took one of my nipples in her mouth.
I felt the warm wetness of her tongue sliding round and round the auriole of my
nipple, exploring its shape and surface. The skin of my whole body felt as if
it was becoming sensitised in a way that it never had been before. I closed my
eyes and gave allowed myself to savour the sensations coming from my breasts
and nipples. Behind my back, my bound hands made futile clutching and grasping
motions as they strained against the ropes. 

Tanya tore herself
away from my breast and I think that she looked as turned on as I felt. We
stared at each other silently for a few moments. I had even stopped making
�mmmfff!� and �ggnnrrhh!� noises through my gag. 

There was no way
that I could question or deny what I felt and Tanya knew that too. Our eyes and
faces and our whole bodies were telling us how we felt and what we knew was
inevitably going to come soon. 

The Tanya squatted
down in front of me so that her face was right in front of my crotch. She
reached out, took hold of the thin material of my panties where it passed over
my hips and hooked her thumbs underneath the thin elastic. She looked up into
my eyes and we stared at each other silently for a second. We both knew what
was coming next and a cold tingle went down my spine as I felt Tanya�s hands
move downwards on both sides of my hips as she slowly pulled my panties down to
reveal the mound of my sex with its bush of curly brown hairs. There was a
final tug, and I felt the soft weight of my panties land on top of my feet and
there I was standing naked before Tanya. 

Tanya was staring
fixedly at my pussy with that hungry look on her face. After twenty seconds or
so, she leaned forwards and I felt the soft lump of her nose rubbing lightly
against my pubes. The tingling in my pussy became an itch and I closed my eyes
and thought to myself, at last, here it comes, another woman�s tongue in my
pussy, and I waited for the touch of Tanya�s tongue.

But then seconds
passed and nothing happened, she just held me there like that. I noticed her
taking deep slow breaths and realised that she was sniffing my pussy, taking in
its scent and thinking about it. This was completely new to me, I had never
known anyone do anything like that before, but I have to admit that it was
quite a turn on. .

After a while,
Tanya slowly stood up. She had a slightly dreamy, dazed expression on her face
as she looked at me and said �You�re ready, aren�t you?� 

I gave a small
nod, embarrassed at how quickly I had adjusted to the situation and my
submissive position. 

Tanya picked up
the long dangling piece of rope hanging down from my wrists then turned and
walked towards the bed giving a sharp tug on the rope as she went. I felt the
rope pull up between my buttocks and slap against my pussy and I trotted meekly
after her across the bedroom.

Tanya picked
something up from the bed and then squatted down again in front of me. Looking
down, I saw that she was holding my white lace suspender belt open in front of
my feet. With a look and a nod she indicated that I should step into it. Then
she pulled the belt up into position around my waist, pointed at the bed and
told me to sit down. 

Tanya picked my
stockings up from the bed. Then she squatted down in front of me again and
rolled up one of the stockings. 

�Put out your
foot.� She commanded. 

I thought about
refusing, but with my hands tied behind my back and my mouth securely ball
gagged, I wasn�t really in a position to argue and so I stuck my foot out, toes
first and watched as Tanya slid the stocking over my foot and unrolled it up my
leg. The feeling of the nylon sliding softly over my skin and Tanya�s fingers
as they smoothed and pulled at the thin material was really sensual. As her
hands smoothed out the nylon stocking top around the inside of my upper thigh
and then started to fasten the suspenders, the closeness of her fingers set my
pussy burning even hotter. It was a truly erotic experience.� 

Once the stockings
were on, Tanya stood me up and made a few alterations here and there to the
stockings and suspender belt. Then, with a quick tug on the rope between my
legs she indicated that I should follow her again. We moved across the room to
stand in front of the large mirrors that covered the sliding doors of my
wardrobe. 

Tanya moved behind
me and turned me to face myself in the mirror. 

�You look so sexy
Karen!� Tanya cooed in my ear.

I cannot deny that
Tanya�s dress sense was right. There was something about wearing only stockings
and suspenders that added to the strangely erotic nature of the scene in the
reflection. The dark sheen of my stockings contrasted with the paleness of my
skin, and with my gag and ropes, even I, who never thought about myself in such
terms, had to admit that I looked strangely sexy.

Tanya put her chin
lightly on my shoulder and her hands came snaking out from behind my body as
she began to run her fingers up and down over my torso. At first, she simply
traced her finger tips lightly across my stomach, hips and thighs which was
quite simply a wonderfully sensual experience. She touched me so softly but her
fingers made my skin feel like currents of static electricity were flowing over
its surface.

Then she took hold
of both of my breasts and began to massage them, staring directly into my eyes
in the mirror as she did so, and telling me how sexy I looked. I stared at the
reflection in the mirror, at the big red gag in my mouth, and the pair of
strange hands slowly kneading and moving over my tits. Although it looked
strange, I have to say that it was one of the most erotic things that I have
ever known. Not only were these things being done to me by a beautiful woman, but
I was completely powerless to stop her as she played my body like a virtuoso
musician performing with his instrument. 

When she started
to roll my nipples between her fingers I couldn�t stop myself from whimpering.
Then, keeping one hand on my breast, she slid the other hand down to my pubic
mound, ran a finger through my curly hairs and then moved her hand lower to cup
my pussy. I groaned and moved my hips, trying to push my pussy harder against
her hand. She held me like that for a while, one hand on my pussy and one on my
breast. The feeling of her hand on my pussy was driving me wild with desire,
but what I could see in the mirror was just as stimulating. 

There I was,
standing with arms fastened behind my back and my mouth filled with the bulging
red ball gag, and there was Tanya, her face just visible above my shoulder and
her arms coming from behind me holding my pussy and one of my breasts: my most
intimate places. Combined with the actual feeling of her hands on my body it
was altogether more than I could bear. I rolled my hips and groaned loudly,
desperately trying to plead through the gag for her to make me come. 

Then she began to
gently rub two fingers along the surface on the outer lips of my labia. This
exquisite sensation just made me worse. My legs were weak and shakey now, and
my whole body yearned for release as I tried to grind my pussy into Tanya�s
hand. 

Then, without
warning it stopped suddenly. Tanya let go of me, gave me quick hug and then
pulled me round to face her. 

She beamed at me
�I told you that you�d enjoy it didn�t I? Didn�t I?�

I made �bmmph� and
�nngh� noises into the gag as I tried to tell her that I really needed to come.

Tanya pulled me
towards the bed and stood for a second holding me by the shoulders as she
looked me up and down. She looked flushed and excited, with that look of hunger
still on her face. I knew that she was really turned on, and the degree to
which she wanted me was almost frightening. I wanted her too. I was longing to
feel her face between my thighs. 

Without warning
she gave my shoulders a sudden hard shove and sent me sprawling backwards onto
the bed. I landed with a bounce on my back, jarring my shoulders slightly
because of my bound arms. I struggled to sit up but was blocked as Tanya
climbed onto the bed and lowered her body onto mine. 

This time there
was less of the slow, sensual exploration of my body, and she slid her knee
straight between my thighs, took hold of both of my breasts with her hands and
started kissing and licking my lips around the edge of the gag.

As Tanya squeezed
and rub my breasts she pushed her thigh up and down between my thighs and I
responded instinctively by moving my pelvis forward to squash my pussy against
her leg. Her fingers squeezed my tits and rubbed my nipples until they were
hard and stingingly sensitive. 

Then she lowered
her head and her mouth worked its way along the line of my throat, licking and
nibbling gently � sending shivers down my spine. All the time, her knee was
rubbing away at my pussy.� I was clutching
Tanya�s knee with my thighs, my hips moving back and forth as I rubbed my pussy
harder and harder against her leg. My pussy was hot and wet. It felt like an
inferno full of molten lava. 

I was groaning
loudly making �ggnnrh� and �mmph� noises into my gag as I tried to encourage
Tanya to do more and to go faster.

When Tanya lowered
her head started sucking my nipples my hips began to thrash about almost
uncontrollably and I began to feel the distant shudders of an approaching
orgasm. I let my head drop back, breathed heavily through my nose, and groaned
into the gag. 

A minute or so
later, everything stopped suddenly once again. I felt Tanya�s leg move out from
between mine and the weight of her body leave me as she moved away. Sitting on
the bed next to me, she put her hands on my hips and bent over me so that her
face was right over my crotch. Then, from this short distance, she stared hard
at my pussy, studying it. I could feel my pussy quivering in anticipation as I
braced myself for the assault of Tanya�s tongue. But, once again, I was to be
frustrated.

Instead of diving
straight into my muff, after twenty seconds or so she lowered her head until
her chin was resting on my stocking top, only a few inches from my pussy. All
the time she kept staring at my pussy as if it was the most fascinating thing
that she had ever seen. I shifted my position slightly, partly to ease the
strain of my back pressing on my tied hands, but mainly to open my legs a bit
more and allow her easier access to my pussy. 

Tanya flicked me a
glance as if to acknowledge my complicity and then went back to simply staring
at my pussy. 

�That looks real
hot in there.� She said quietly after a few moments. 

Then Tanya did
something that no-one had ever done to me before. She pursed her lips and blew
gently on my pussy. It was strange to feel the slight cool current of air on my
pussy.

�You are like
totally melting aren�t you?� She said after a few seconds of blowing on my
pussy. 

I raised my head
and made some �mmrhm, gnnrh, grrrhhh!� noises to try and tell her what I really
wanted from her, but she paid no attention to me.

Tanya�s perusal of
my pussy came to an end and she seemed to come to a decision of some kind. She
looked up at me, smiled and then raised herself up into a sitting position.
Then, she put one hand on my hip and the other on my shoulder and then rolled
me over onto my stomach. 

Next, I felt the
bed bounce up and down around me as Tanya shifted her position. The soles of
her feet suddenly appeared on either side of my head and I felt the weight of
her body come down on the back of my thighs. I realised that Tanya was
straddling my body with her face towards my feet. 

Then I felt
something grip my ankles. I flexed my calf muscles and tried to twist my lower
legs apart but Tanya was strong and would not release her grip on my ankles. I
felt her hands moving, working away at something and with a shock I realised
that she was tying my ankles together. I raised my head and looked at the
mirrored wardrobe door to see what was happening. I was right! Tanya had
wrapped several coils of rope around my ankles was pulling the ends of the cord
tight as I watched. 

I squealed in
indignation as I watched her knot the rope. 

�Mmmnnrrh, uunnhh,
nnrgh!� I tried to protest. I thought that Tanya was supposed to be introducing
me to the delights of lesbian love. But how was she going to do that if my legs
were tied together? I felt frustrated and confused.

Tanya finished the
knots on my ankles just as I began to ineffectually pull and kick against the
ropes around my ankles.� 

Next, Tanya moved
off my back and knelt on the bed next to me. She grinned at my frustrated
expression in the mirror.

�Didn�t think that
you were going to get away with just having your hands tied did you?�

I gave another shriek
of indignant exasperation and waved my bound feet up and down which made me
look at bit like a beached whale sadly flapping its tail in the surf. 

As I flapped my
feet around like this, Tanya reached out, caught hold of the rope around my
ankles and heaved them backwards towards my head. I grunted as she forced me to
bend my knees and pulled my feet right back until my lower legs were almost
flat against my upper legs. Her other hand already caught the length of rope
attached to the bonds around my wrists. She swiftly passed the end of this
under the ropes which tied my ankles and then passed it up between my calves
and pulled it hard back towards my wrists. 

Watching Tanya�s
swift movements I felt another wave of shock as I realised what she was doing.
She was hog tieing me! If it hadn�t been for the fact that my mouth was already
wedged wide open by the big red rubber ball, I think it would have fallen open
in sheer surprise. Why was she doing this to me?

Tanya pushed down
on my bound ankles and pulled on the rope that was tied to my wrists. I
�mmphed� in discomfort as my legs were bent back so far that my heels almost
touched my buttocks. Then Tanya tied the free end of the rope off to the bonds
around my wrists.

As she knotted the
rope she glanced up at my reflection and grinned at me �There�s nothing like a
good hog tie, eh?�

I snorted a string
of �mmphs, nngghs, and bbrruuhh!� at her as I tried to communicate my
irritation and frustration. 

Tanya simply
smiled back at my reflection in the mirror, and I followed her gaze and looked
at myself. Apart from the big red gag that was forcing my jaws apart and making
my face look longer than usual, my brown shoulder-length hair had become
somewhat tousled and mousy looking. Behind my head, my shoulders were pulled
right back towards my feet, and my body had been pulled into a taught curve. My
hands and feet were held fast by masses of grey rope. Every time I tried to
move my hands there was an effect on my lower body and I saw my feet and legs
being pulled up in response. I was a proper little tied bundle.

Tanya inspected my
bonds and tightened a few knots. Then, satisfied with my helplessness she
rolled me over onto my back again. 

Lying with feet
and hands tied behind me had the effect of pushing my torso upwards towards my
captor and I was very aware of how exposed and defenceless my tits and pussy
were. Tanya could simply reach down and do whatever she wanted with any part of
my body and we both knew it. I felt like a lamb in front of a wolf. 

Tanya had that
look of intense hunger on her face again and once more I felt a sublime tingle
of fear mixed with desire run through me as I trembled at the thought of what
she would do when she finally had her way with me. 

Then the look
faded in intensity and Tanya seemed to gain control of herself. She shook her
head as if in wonder �You look good enough to eat� 

I caught my
breath, hoping that this was it, Tanya was about to go in. 

�If only you could
see yourself as I see you now.� She paused and looked thoughtful.

�Hey, know what?
That�s not a bad idea! I�ve got my cam corder in my car. I could make a video
of you like this.�

I shook my head,
and made a loud �nnuurh� sound.

Tanya grinned and
nodded at me. �Sure, that�s a great idea.� 

She got up from
the bed and stood by the edge of the bed. 

�Yeah, I could
film you like that. Maybe add a few extras like a dildo or two.� 

I shook my head
frantically and made loud �nnuurh!� sounds repeatedly as she walked towards the
bedroom door. 

Tanya looked over
her shoulder with a grin. �Maybe I could even put it on the internet. Then your
friends could see it too. How about that eh?�

And then she was
gone leaving me on the bed making desperate �nnurh, mmrph and ggllrrgh� sounds.

After a few
seconds I stopped struggling and trying to shout, and tried to work out if she
was for real or not. I watched the bedroom door and waited to see if she would
reappear. 

Then, after a
minute or so of silence, I heard the unmistakeable sound of the front door of
my apartment closing and a wave of panic welled up inside me. She was for real!


A cold sweat broke
out over me and I rolled back and forth on the bed, straining against the ropes
and wondering what the hell I should do now? As I struggled, I kept thinking
over and over again how stupid I had been. I had been stripped, bound and
gagged by a strange woman who had picked me up in a bar and now she was going
to make a porno film with me as the unwilling star. And it was all my own
fault. I should have left my fantasies as they were and never have attempted to
fulfil them. As I rocked wildly back and forth on the bed, I screamed into my
gag, probably as much out of frustration with myself as from fear of what Tanya
had in store for me.

Trussed and fucked

I rolled around on
the bed, tugging desperately at my bonds but it was useless. A lot of rope had
been tied around my wrists and ankles and they felt like they were held by
steel manacles. 

It was humiliating
enough to be stripped and then bound and gagged with my ropes and gag, but the
thing that was really bugging me was what was my subjugator going to do next?
Was she really going to return with a camcorder as she had threatened and make
videos of me? 

Knowing that I
might only have minutes in which to escape I tried to reach the ropes that linked
my feet to my hands. I managed to grasp them with one hand and follow them
towards the ropes that held my ankles. However, because Tanya had tied my hands
across each other in the middle of my back instead of the usual way where the
wrist ties are at waist level I could not easily reach the rope around my
ankles. It was a strain on my knees to keep my legs bent like and it made my
wrists hurt too, so I let go after a few seconds. Tanya had tied me well, and I
sensed that she had plenty of experience of tying women up, and knew how to
keep knots away from desperately clutching fingers. 

The sheer
helplessness of my situation got to me and I shouted through my gag and rolled
around in sheer frustration, tugging and kicking at my ropes in futile protest
at my helplessness. I knew it was a stupid thing to do, only more likely to
tighten the knots and make escape even more unlikely, but I was frightened now
and reacting instinctively. I tensed my arm and leg muscles as hard as I could
until my body was curved like an archer�s bow and my arms felt like they were
going to pop out of my shoulder sockets. I pulled and pulled like this,
groaning with the strain until I could bear it no more and collapsed back onto
the bed. 

I was amazed and
frightened at how securely I was tied and how impossible it was to get free. I
looked around the room, desperately searching for something that I could use to
free myself. Whenever I had indulged in self bondage before, I had always made
sure that there was at least one sharp knife and a pair of scissors located in
some easy-to-reach place. But of course, this wasn�t self bondage and I had
never been trussed up properly before, not by another person. 

I forced myself to
stay calm and try to think. I rolled over onto my back, pushed my hips up into
the air and then tried to work my hands down towards my feet. I was like this,
with back arched and pussy pushed high into the air when something made me stop
and look towards the bedroom door. I froze in surprise � Tanya was standing there
watching me!

I was stunned into
immobility not only because I had suddenly discovered that Tanya had returned
without me hearing, but also because of her appearance. Her bra and panties
were gone and Tanya now wore nothing except for a pair of dark stockings and a
thin, black suspender belt. 

This was the first
time that I had seen Tanya completely naked and it was quite an impressive
sight. She had a broad chest and shoulders that tapered sexily to quite a slim
waist, with a nice, flat stomach. The muscles of her upper arms and shoulders
were quite prominent and defined, like those of someone who worked out
regularly. No wonder she had overpowered me so easily. 

Tanya didn�t have
particularly large breasts but her tits were a nice shape, with wide brown nipples.
From what I could see, her pubes were dark and neat, with plenty of short-ish
tidy hair, not shaved off as seems to be the fashion nowadays with many of the
women that I had seen in magazines and on the internet. My view of Tanya�s
pubes was partially obscured by her right hand and what this hand was doing
added to the shock of suddenly seeing her. The ends of her fingers disappeared
into the darkness at the top of her thighs and I could clearly see that two of
her fingers were making slow circular motions around her clitoris. 

I had never seen
another woman masturbating in such an open and casual manner before. In fact, I
had never ever seen another woman masturbating right in front of me like this. 

Tanya smiled and
raised her other hand in a placatory gesture. 

�Don�t move.� She
said softly. �Please stay just as you are. I cannot believe how helpless and
sexy you look.� 

Tanya walked
slowly over to the edge of the bed closest to my feet. As she moved, I noticed
two things: one that she was not carrying a camcorder or any kind of camera,
and two that that her fingers kept on flickering away between her thighs. 

Tanya reached the
edge of the bed and looked down at me over my raised up tummy and tits. She
inclined her head slightly and gave me a rueful smile. 

�I�m sorry, but I
told a bit of a white lie before. I didn�t go to the car to get my camcorder. I
just went to fetch a few things.� She gestured down at her stockings as she
continued. �I only said that about the camcorder because I wanted to see you
struggle.�

Seeing my look of
incomprehension she continued. �You see it�s good to struggle so that you can
feel bonds and get a real sense of your helplessness.� 

Then she gave me a
naughty smile. �And of course it�s good for me because it�s such a turn on. I
don�t think there�s anything in the world that is quite as sexy as watching a
naked, hog tied woman trying to free herself driven by the knowledge that if
she doesn�t get free all kinds of sexy things are going to happen to her.�

We stared at each
other for a moment and I saw that the hungry look had never left her face. 

�This position
gives me a fantastic view of your pussy you know.� Tanya said as she dropped
her gaze from my eyes to my crotch. 

Tanya stopped
rubbing her clit, put a hand on each of my knees and gently pushed my legs
apart. 

�Such a pretty
pussy.� She purred quietly. �I could stare at it for hours, but I really would
like to know what it tastes like.�

Tanya�s words sent
a thrill through me and I felt a shiver as she slid her hands along the inside
of my thighs until they reached my crotch. Using her thumbs and fingers, Tanya
gently pulled apart the lips of my labia to expose the mouth of my vagina. I
felt the firm warmth of a finger tip at the mouth of my cunt hole and then my
whole body quivered as Tanya slid a finger into my cunt. 

Even though I had
cooled down from the intense state of excitation from my mauling in front of
the mirror, the sensation of having something inside my cunt hole was still
highly pleasurable and I wobbled precariously on the bed as I shifted my
position and tried to drive her finger even more deeply inside me. 

Tanya pushed a
second finger into me and moved both fingers around, exploring the inner
contours of my cunt. As Tanya rubbed her fingers against the inside of my pubic
bone I groaned and shut my eyes as ripples of pure pleasure spread outwards
from my pussy.

Then I felt
Tanya�s fingers slide out of me and I opened my eyes to see her insert her two
glistening digits into her mouth. Tanya looked directly into my eyes as she
licked my cunt juice from her skin. 

�Mmmm, fantastic!�
She murmured. �Every bit as good as I thought it would be.� 

She nodded at the
bed. �Why don�t you get up onto your knees for me in the middle of the bed?�

Unsure of what
might be coming next, but still keen for sexual release I rolled over onto my
side and somehow managed to lever myself until I was sitting on my side. Then I
was able to move my weight and body around and eventually managed to get into a
kneeling position. 

The hog tie rope
connecting my bound hands to my feet was just about long enough to allow me to
kneel, although it did had the effect of pulling my arms and shoulders taught
behind me. This forced my body out in front of me, so that I seemed to be
deliberately pushing my tits and my pussy outwards towards Tanya, which I
suspect was the effect that she wanted. 

When I had found
my balance and steadied myself. Tanya climbed onto the bed and knelt directly
in front of me. She bent forward and kissed me on the ball gag. Her hands
traced a path across my belly as she reached for my breasts. As Tanya cupped my
breasts in her hands she played with my nipples and I felt the skin of her
thumbs running in circles around my nipples which responded by immediately
stiffening and swelling. As my nipples hardened they seemed to become ever more
sensitive, sending wonderful ripples of feeling out through my body. As Tanya�s
thumbs traced the lumps and bumps around my teats it seemed as if I could feel
the movements of her thumbs in my groin. 

Suddenly, Tanya
dropped her head to my chest and took my right breast into her mouth. Having my
nipple sucked sent further exquisite sensations shuddering through my body and
I felt my anus tighten as the tingling sensations within my pussy grew
stronger. Then I felt Tanya�s finger tips brush against the skin on the outside
of my thigh. They traced soft swirling patterns over my skin as they moved
towards the top of my inner thigh and the private places beyond. 

With Tanya sucking
my tits and her hands moving slowly but steadily towards my pussy I twisted my
hands helplessly against their ropes in my impotent desire for more. Tanya
moved her head and started sucking my other tit and her finger nails were
tracing faint patterns over the soft flesh of my inner thighs. 

I braced myself
for the touch of her fingers against my smouldering pussy but it didn�t happen.
After a half a minute, Tanya stopped sucking my tits, raised her head and
started to kiss and lick my neck. As she did this, she raised her hand from
between my thighs and started to gently knead my breasts with her fingers. The
feeling of Tanya kissing my neck was quite wonderful, but it wasn�t what my
body was crying out for and I snorted in irritation. 

After a minute or
so she went back to sucking my tits and I experienced an indescribable thrill
as she reached under me and I felt her fingernail touch the crack between my
buttocks. She pulled her hand slowly back, scraping her finger nail along the
crack of my bottom as it went. Her finger was moving downwards in a path that
lead to my pussy and my body quivered with anticipation as it approached. 

But once again I
was cheated. At the last second her finger tip changed direction and moved to
one side so that it traced a path along the corner between my thigh and my
crotch without touching my pussy.

This new
frustration brought a realisation to me. Bondage wasn�t simply about being
helpless and in the power of another person, someone who could do whatever they
wanted to you. Bondage also meant not being able to say, do or get what you
wanted. Tanya�s teasing was not only raising my level of sexual excitation to
unbearable levels, it was also highlighting my inability to do anything about
it. 

I was desperate
for an orgasm, my hands twisting wildly against the ropes that held them and
pulling hard on the rope that connected them to my feet. But my struggles were
to no avail and Tanya continued to toy with me. 

As she ran her
fingers along the crease of my bottom and the tops of my thighs I thrust my
pelvis forward, pushing my pussy towards her. It was humiliating but I wanted
her to know that I needed to come. 

Eventually, I felt
Tanya�s fingernails brush against the first hairs at the top of my pubic mound
and a sudden coldness shot down my spine. The whole of my mind seemed focused
on my pubic mound and the sensations coming from there as Tanya�s finger nails
moved back and forth through my pubic hair, slowly dropping towards my clit.

Eventually, her
fingers reached the recess at the top of my thighs and she put her hand on my
pussy. For a few moments, she simply held it, cupping it in her hands. I could
feel her fingers resting lightly on top of my labia and touching my throbbing
clit. Then she pushed with her middle finger and the lips of my labia slid
happily apart to allow it entry. Despite the gag, I somehow managed to gasp as
her finger entered my pussy. 

I could tell from
the warm, creamy feeling in my crotch that my pussy was dripping wet and her
fingers seem to just glide into my pussy. I imagined the walls of my groove
greedily grasping her fingers, drawing them in and feeding them with my juices.


Tanya was soon was
exploring the innermost contours of my most private regions as I moaned loudly
and stared down at her in my mute helplessness. 

Her fingers
examined the whole of my pussy, following the edges of my pussy lips and
tracing the contours of my clit. Her fingers kept dipping into my dripping hole
and rubbing against my pubic bone, pressing on that most sensitive of spots but
they began to return more and more frequently to my clit, rubbing it, tracing
circles around it, and then gently flicking. 

The more attention
she paid to my clit, the closer I came to orgasm. And I kept hearing odd noises
in the room, grunting, slobbering groaning sounds. With a distant sense of
shock, I realised that the noises were coming from me. 

Tanya seemed to
sense when I was reaching the point of no return and kept moving her finger
away from my love bud, only to return to it time and time again when I started
to go off the boil. 

Finally, she gave
me release and I came. With Tanya�s finger working away at my clit I reached a
huge, sobbing orgasm with my whole body shaking and my body arching forwards
tugging hard at the ropes binding my wrists to my ankles. My thighs were
shaking and I could feel waves of muscular contraction rippling through my
abdomen and diaphragm. Tanya�s finger kept rubbing away until my clit couldn�t
take it any more and I fell backwards onto the bed and lay there snorting through
my nose. 

I am not sure if I
slept or not, but at some point, I emerged from the pink mist of post-orgasmic
pleasure and realised that Tanya�s fingers were toying lightly with my hair. I
opened my eyes and looked up to find Tanya�s pussy directly in front of me,
only inches away from the tip of my nose. 

She was lying with
her legs shamelessly wide apart with me lying between her thighs. One of her
hands was over her pussy again and I saw that she was rubbing a couple of
fingers in slow wet circles over her clit as she waited for me to recover. She
wasn�t actually masturbating, more kind of gently stimulating herself. 

After my rather
rigid conventional upbringing it still amazed me to see such boldness. Here was
a woman who could just relax in front of another woman and openly play with her
pussy. 

I looked up at
Tanya�s face to find her smiling patiently at me. �You are going to do this now
aren�t you? She said and there was something about her voice that made me feel
that it was more of a command than a question.

I looked back at
her pussy, at the pink damp flesh, the curly hairs, the dark crinkled recesses
and felt my heart beat faster. The heady, musky aroma of her pussy filled my
nostrils.

For a moment I
hesitated, telling another woman that I was happy to stick my tongue up her
cunt was not something that I was used to. But, it was something that I had
wondered about and fantasised about, and now that the opportunity was within
reach, I was determined that I was not going to let my normal, inhibited self
get in the way.

I looked up into
Tanya�s eyes and nodded my head. 

Tanya showed all
her teeth in a huge happy grin as she leaned forward, unfastened the buckle of
the ball gag at the back of my head and pulled it out of my mouth. 

Tanya shuffled
down the bed a bit and I found myself with her pussy less than an inch from my
nose. 

�It�s OK, nothing
to be scared of.� Tanya said in a reassuring tone as she put a hand at the top
of my neck and pulled my head gently towards her cunt. �Go on, you�re just
going to kiss it a little. There�s a first time for everyone.�

With my hands and
ankles still hog tied behind me, I had to wriggle forward slightly to get into
the most comfortable position. I looked up at Tanya over the top of her pubic
mound and our eyes met across the forest of her pubic hairs. 

Then I opened my
lips and gingerly extended my tongue.

My first taste of
another woman�s pussy surprised me. It was such a mixture of sensations, the
warmth, the texture, the smell, the wetness. I was surprised at how soft the
skin of her pussy was. 

First, I ran my
tongue cautiously over the lips of her labia feeling how uneven the skin was
and how easily it yielded to my touch. All the time, I was slowly allowing more
and more taste buds come into contact with her pussy, letting the taste build
up. And it was a strange taste, slightly salty, but also with a kind of deeper
muskiness which I had to admit was not unpleasant. 

By the time I had
cautiously traced the outline of Tanya�s cunt lips with the tip of my tongue, I
had to admit that the taste was not bad at all. In fact, I had to admit that
they were quite nice. I became bolder and pushed with my tongue until I felt
the lips of her pussy move apart and my tongue slid into her moist groove. When
my tongue entered Tanya�s vagina I was struck by how wet she was and by the
taste which had a real kind of tang to it, almost a kind of sparkling flavour. 

As I moved my
tongue around, exploring the inside of her cunt hole, I felt a slight shudder
run through Tanya�s thighs against the side of my face and realised that
despite my bound hands and feet, I still had some power.

I ran my tongue
along the soft uneven surface of Tanya�s labial lips. Then I slid it along the
skin along the sides of her cunt lips, exploring the thin strip of smooth skin
and the way in which the smoothness rapidly gave way to the forest of fine,
curly hair that encircled her pussy. I felt a sudden desire to know what the
inside of Tanya�s cunt tasted like and I pushed against her labial lips and
slid my tongue down her groove. As my tongue delved deep into Tanya�s vagina I
felt her thighs tremble against my cheeks.

The taste of
Tanya�s cunt hole was something amazing. It was salty, with a faint hint of
bitterness, but more than anything else, it was tangy. I was simply amazed at
how tangy it was as I felt my way around inside her melting vagina with my
tongue. I was also intrigued by the texture of the skin inside her cunt. 

I am not sure if
having the whole of my tongue stuck up Tanya�s vagina had increased the number
of taste buds exposed to her cunt juices but something was making this an
altogether much more amazing experience. Her cunt juices and that tangy taste
seemed to be all over my tongue and running down my throat. This combined with
the heady scent of Tanya�s pussy to produce an intoxicating experience that
made me feel like I had moved up to some higher plane of existence. 

Next, I turned my
attention to Tanya�s love bud. I slowly withdrew my tongue from her quivering
hole and slid it up until I felt the skin rising up where the button of her
clit rose up from her pudendum. I felt another shudder run through Tanya�s
thighs as I ran my tongue around the fleshy bud of her clit and explored its
size and shape. 

I ran my tongue
down the front of her clit, impressed by how stiffly it was stood out from her
pudendum, almost like a small cock. As I wrapped my tongue around it, I felt it
throbbing with her excitement. 

Around the base of
her clit the skin disappeared into a forest of curly hairs and I traced a path
along the edge of the forest before going back to pay more attention to her
clit. I teased the skin at the top of her clit, feeling how it folded over into
the hood which covered the really sensitive bit within and then I took the
little fleshy bud between my lips and sucked on it for a while. 

My jaw muscles
were starting to ache, so sucking Tanya�s clit brought some relief from having
to keep my mouth wide open all the time. Doing this to Tanya also had a most
gratifying effect �she groaned loudly and pushed her pussy into my face. 

Running my tongue
in circles around her clit had a similar effect, and so did flicking her clit
from side to side with my tongue. 

Then I moved my
tongue away, pushed it between her labial lips and ran it up her groove with a
great slurp, which brought an immediate deep intake of breath from Tanya. 

While I lapped
away at her pussy like a cat with a bowl of cream, a rather perverse thought
entered my mind �I wonder what Tanya�s ass hole tastes like?�

This was something
new indeed, something perverse and alien to my previously rather sober and
straight sex life. 

I admit that I had
read about and looked at pictures of women licking each other�s ass holes, and
had been turned on by it. But this was me, not someone in a magazine or a
video. I tried to push the thought from my mind and jabbed my tongue deep into
Tanya�s vagina. Once again, I became lost in the heady taste of Tanya�s vagina.
As my tongue explored the folds and ridges of her vaginal walls another thought
came to me. �What does the skin of her ass hole feel like?�

This time, the
thought would not be simply pushed away. After a minute or so, I decided to
give in to this obscure impulse. Tanya�s hips were moving up and down and she
was groaning loudly again as I withdrew my tongue from her sweltering cunt hole
and moved it down to her buttocks. 

I cautiously slid
my tongue along the inside of her buttocks until I felt the wrinkled skin of
Tanya�s ass hole. I was surprised at how it tasted. Not amazingly different
from her pussy. I mean it was a bit different somehow, but I was quite
surprised at the lack of strong taste of any kind. I moved my tongue around the
circle of her anus exploring the tightly knotted sphincter and the wrinkled
circle of skin around it. The movements of my tongue over Tanya�s ass hole
brought new groans from Tanya and I was soon pushing against it hard with my
tongue as I relished the ecstatic effect that it was having upon her. 

I don�t know how
long I spent exploring Tanya�s ass hole with my tongue, but the ache in my jaw
was becoming a problem so I turned my attentions back to Tanya�s clit and
sucked on it for a while. Then I started whipping Tanya�s clit with my tongue
and didn�t stop when I felt Tanya�s thighs start to tremble and her body
shudder with the waves of pleasure passing through it. 

I carried on
mercilessly flicking her throbbing love bud with my tongue until Tanya came to
a shaking, grinding climax punctuated by gasps, sobs and groans which seemed to
go on forever. I only knew that she had had enough when she eventually put a
hand on my hand and gently pushed me away. 

&nbsp;

Hog tied head to tail 

After Tanya�s
orgasm, I wriggled backwards slightly and lay with my face against the inside
of her thigh as I waited for her to recover. 

Tanya�s hazel eyes
were closed and she was breathing heavily. There was a glistening sheen of
sweat across her breasts as her chest rose up and down. 

I could smell the
sharp aroma of wet skin but I didn�t know if it was coming from the lower half
of my face, which was wet with Tanya�s pussy juices, or from Tanya�s pussy
which I stared at it in fascination, studying the puffy pink flesh and the dark
crease where the crinkled uneven edges of her labial lips met. I studied the
shape of her clit, seeing how it emerged proudly from the juicy jungle that
surrounded it. It still amazed me to think that this was the first pussy that I
had seen from close up, and amazed me even more to think that my face had been
buried in it only moments before. 

I looked up to
find that Tanya had opened her eyes and was smiling at me. She sat up, shifted
her position and leaned over to give me a long, lingering kiss on the lips. 

She ran her tongue
along the edge of my lips and I felt a sudden glow in my crotch as I realised
that she was tasting her own pussy juices. 

�That was good!�
Tanya complimented me as she broke away from the kiss to stretch her arms and
yawn. Then she sat and stared into space as if trying to recall something. 

�So . . are you
going to untie me now?� I asked in a hesitant voice.

Tanya gave me a
quick smile.

�Don�t be in such
a hurry.� She chided softly and gave me playful tap on the end of my nose as
she got up from the bed.

I watched her walk
over to the chest of drawers and return with two handfuls of rope. The sight of
the rope made me feel decidedly apprehensive as I wondered what position she
was going to tie me in next. 

Of course, what
she did next took me completely by surprise when she sat down next to me on the
bed, drew her knees up in front of her and started wrapping rope around her
ankles. As I watched her with wide-eyed as she tied and knotted the rope around
her ankles. 

�You�re tying
yourself!� I gasped in confusion.

�That�s right
Karen!�

Tanya took another
rope and used it to cinch the cords around her ankles. One end of this cinch
rope was over two feet long and when I saw Tanya make a slip knot with the end
of it my confusion grew.

�But, if you tie .
. � I began

Tanya glanced up
at me �Karen!� she cut across my words as she started to wrap rope around one
of her wrists. 

�Imagine we�re two
old friends. We meet up, decide to go back to your place to watch a movie but
guess what happens when we get there?�

�What?�

Tanya�s eyes
blazed at me. �When we get back we disturb a cat burglar in the middle of
ransacking your flat and stealing all your things.�

�Oh dear.� I
whispered as I went along with the game. �What happens then?�

There was a slight
pause as Tanya rolled over onto her stomach and bent her legs back so that the
slip knot dangled over her butt. She looked at me as she put her hands behind
her back and felt around for the slip knot. 

�The burglar has a
gun, so takes us prisoner.�

�Oh no!� I cried
in mock horror as I watched her catch hold of the slip knot and pull the coils
of rope around her wrist through the slip knot. �Both of us are taken
prisoner?� 

�That�s right.�
Tanya nodded as she wriggled her fingers through the coils of rope that had
been passed through the slip knot. �He takes both of us prisoner and he makes
us take all our clothes off and then ties us up like this on the bed while he
makes his getaway.� 

�And he just
leaves us here?�

�That�s right.�
Tanya�s arm and leg muscles bulged as she pulled down with her feet and tugged
upwards with her hands. �He just up and leaves us both trussed like a couple of
hogs.� The tension in the slip knot pulled tight like a noose, cinching the
ropes around Tanya�s wrists.

�So we�re both
tied up like this?� I echoed.

�That�s right.�
Tanya gave me a wicked grin. �Both of us, all naked and tied up on the bed. . �
Her voice trailed away as she gave a couple of final tugs to yank the slip knot
even tighter. 

The grasping
motions that she was making with her hands showed that her wrists were securely
bound and couldn�t be pulled free. She was as helplessly hogtied as I was.

We stared at each
other eyes for several seconds. I didn�t know what was coming next, but the
tension was electric. Being tied up naked with another woman was an incredible
experience. 

�So what should we
do?� Tanya asked.

I gulped. �Well, I
guess we�d better try and escape.� 

�OK, let�s try and
escape.�

There followed a
lot of rolling around, shouting and giggling until Tanya and I were back to
back We tugged unconvincingly at the ropes around each other�s wrists and
shouted things like �Can you reach the knot?� and �How are we going to get out
of here?�

Tanya laughed even
louder at the sound I made when she slipped a hand between my buttocks and
started fingering my anus. Eventually, we rolled over to face each other. Tanya
slid a knee between my thighs and I managed to do the same to her. We spent a
long time like that, French kissing while we ground our crotches against each
other�s knees. I have to admit that even though it was only play-acting, doing
that with another bound and naked woman was one of the most intoxicating things
that I have ever done. 

Eventually Tanya
pulled away from me and stared into my eyes. �So, we�re tied up and naked on
your bed and we can�t get free. What are we going to do?�

�We could call for
help.� I suggested

�We�ve done that.
No-one heard. What else?�

�We could lie her
and wait, I guess. Maybe sleep some.�

�Borrrring! We�re
too hyped up - we can�t sleep!�

In a slightly
timorous voice I replied �Then I guess we could fuck. What else is there to do?�

�Exactly!� Tanya
cried and rolled away from me.

She rolled and
bounced around the bed until she was lying on her side, facing in the opposite
direction, with her head pointing towards my feet. 

I guessed what was
coming next, and as I rolled onto my side to face her, that tingly feeling of
anticipation started in my pussy again. 

When Tanya had her
face level with my tits she stopped to suck my nipples. I looked at the brown
aureoles of her breasts in front of me, opened my mouth and filled it with one
of her breasts. I ran my tongue over the bumpy skin around her nipple and felt
it harden and stiffen as I worked it with my tongue. It dawned on me that
sucking a woman�s tits was yet another first for me. 

The mutual tit
sucking lasted for several minutes until Tanya started to wriggle her way
towards my feet again. 

Tanya�s belly
moved across my field of vision and her navel came into view, then as the first
tufts of her pubic hair moved in front of my eyes I felt my clit start to throb
as it filled with blood. 

After shuffling
around a little more, Tanya�s pubic bush was right in front of my face and mine
was in front of hers. 

Tanya raised her
leg and managed to rest her foot on the other foot which was on the bed. This
left her leg standing right up in the air which gave me a perfect view of and
unimpeded access to her crotch. 

Without any
hesitation, I did the same and moved my leg to allow Tanya access to my pussy.
For a moment we lay on our sides like that with our faces only an inch or so
away from each other�s pussies. My nostrils were filled with the heady musk
from Tanya�s pussy and all I could see were the hairs, nooks, crannies, and
twisted wrinkled flesh of Tanya�s pussy

I felt something
soft moving through my pubes just above my clit and knew that it was Tanya�s
tongue. I hesitated for a moment. Although I knew what Tanya�s pussy tasted
like and had already broken several taboos, I was faced here with something
that would take me even further away from the heterosexual universe. In my
daydreams about lesbian sex I had of course looked at pictures of women doing
the 69 on each other and had been turned on by it �but now I was going to
experience it for myself. 

Well, I told
myself, I�ve come this far � what�s the harm in going a little further. So, I
bent my head forward and ran my tongue along the soft skin at the bottom of
Tanya�s thigh. At the same time, I was acutely aware of the progress of Tanya�s
tongue through my pubes, closing in on my clit. 

Something warm and
slippery wrapped itself around my clit sending a spasm of delight into my
crotch and I closed my eyes and gasped. 

After a couple of
seconds, Tanya�s tongue moved away from my clit and she said quietly �Don�t
stop Karen. No matter how good it gets, don�t stop or I will stop. OK?�

In reply, I ran my
tongue over the lips of her labia. 

I have to admit
that doing what Tanya wanted was difficult. Nearly every time that she used her
tongue on my pussy I either stopped or slowed down so much that she stopped
using her tongue on me. It was almost impossible to keep my mind focused as her
tongue dipped into my hole, flashed up and down my slit and flicked back and
forth across my clit. 

Sticking my tongue
into Tanya�s cunt hole was as intoxicating as before, but was infinitely more
exhilarating when I could feel her tongue searching around inside mine at the
same time. 

Somehow or other,
we were able to keep doing these things to her until we were both moaning and
groaning loudly, rocking back and forth on the bed with our heads clasped
between each other�s thighs. 

After much probing
of vaginas, sucking on labial lips and other delights, we got down to some
frenzied clit licking which moved us rapidly towards screaming climaxes, and we
came at exactly the same time. I felt the tremors of pleasure pulsing outwards
from Tanya�s pussy whilst at the same time I felt my own crotch quivering and
shaking with pleasure. 

As Tanya and I
whipped each other�s clits with our tongues, I heard muffled squeals and
shrieks of delight, but could not tell if it was Tanya or me making the noises.
Eventually, Tanya�s relentless clit licking became too much and I screamed �Oh
god, yes!� as my hips heaved and rolled uncontrollably. I was dimly aware that
Tanya was also writhing uncontrollably next to me and screaming into my bush. 

Afterwards, we lay
next to each other on our backs with our bound arms and legs beneath us and our
faces wet with cunt juices and saliva. Eventually the tremors of orgasm
subsided and we lay quietly as our breathing slowed and our bodies cooled. 

My eyes closed and
wondered to myself whether this was all really happening or whether it was just
a dream. The pain from the ropes cutting into the skin of my wrists and ankles
told me that it was very real, but so much had happened in such a short time
that I found it hard to believe that I was truly living out some of my oldest
and deepest fantasies. Going into that bar tonight really had been like opening
Pandora�s box. 

Despite the pain
from my tied wrists and ankles, I drifted off into the deep sleep that comes
after the body�s sexual desires have been satisfied. I�m not sure how long I
slept, but I was awoken by a movement bed next to me. 

I raised my head
to see that Tanya had rolled onto her stomach and managed to grab ropes around
her ankles. She had already untied the cinch rope which ended as the slip knot
around her wrists. As I watched, she unknotted holding the rope around her
ankles and as she pushed her feet against each other, the coils of rope fell
open, slid down her legs and dropped onto the bed. 

With her legs
free, Tanya got up from the bed. Then, half-bending, she wriggled her tied
wrists downwards around the bulge of her ass. Once she had hands below her ass
she was able to step backwards between her forearms so that when she stood up
her hands were now tied in front of her. 

Raising her hands
to her mouth she used her teeth to undo the knot and before long she was
completely free. 

Tanya put one foot
on the edge of the bed and pulled up her stockings which had ridden down a
little way. As I watched her smooth out the nylon around her thighs and adjust
the suspenders at the top I felt uncertain. I wanted to ask her what would
happen next, what new sexual experience was coming my way? But I couldn�t, I
didn�t dare. 

My shyness and old
habits wouldn�t let me be that bold. I felt quite saddened when it occurred to
me that the evening might be over.

Tanya finished
adjusting her stockings, gave me a quick smile and without saying a word she
rolled me over onto my stomach. I felt her hands working away at the ropes on
my ankles and in a few seconds my feet were released from the hog tie.

I was happy to be
able to stretch out my legs, but felt a little bit flat as it began to look
like the fun really might be over. 

Tanya had left my
hands tied behind my back, and I had to twist my body round so that I could
look at her as she started to undo the knot holding the rope around my ankles. 

�Well,� I said in
an uncertain voice. �That was pretty amazing.� I really wanted to say �We�re
not finished yet are we?�, but it seemed so forward. 

Tanya shook her
head as she removed the rope away from my ankles. �Oh no! The evening�s not
over yet lover.�

Her words sent a
thrill of anticipation through me. 

�So,� I said as
the blood re-entered my feet now that the rope had gone. �I guess.. I guess
it�s normal sex now is it?�

Tanya stared at me
as I shook my feet from side to side and wiggled my toes. Then she sat down on
the bed next to me and looked into my eyes. 

�Normal sex?� As
she spoke she put a hand between my legs and took hold of my pussy. 

�What�s �normal
sex� then?� Her fingers started to rhythmically press against my cunt lips. The
experience of lying with my hands tied behind my back while the gorgeous Tanya
fingered my pussy had an instantaneous effect on me. The itching within my
crotch began immediately and I shivered at the realisation of how much power
she still had over me. 

�Well?� Tanya
demanded as the movements of her fingers became stronger. 

I gave a small
gasp as a finger pushed its way between my cunt lips and started to rub against
my inner furrow. 

�I don�t know.� I
babbled, my eyes looking up and down between her eyes and her hand. �I just
wondered what we�re going to do next?�

�What would you
like to do?� Tanya murmured as she slid a finger into my cunt hole. 

�I don�t know!� I
panted. �You�re the expert!�

Tanya gave me a
sly grin and slid another finger into my vagina, moving both of them in and out
with rhythmically. I moved my hips and pushed my cunt against her hand in a
steady response. 

�That�s right, I�m
the expert.�

Tanya looked up at
the ceiling and thought for a few seconds, all the while driving her fingers in
and out of my cunt. Then she looked at me with a wide smile. 

�I know. Where are
your dildos?�

�My dildos?� I
could barely concentrate on what she was saying with all the blissful feelings
emanating from my crotch.

�Now you�re not
going to play hard to get again are you?� Tanya�s voice took on a tone of mock
disapproval. �You must have at least one dildo, surely?�

�Yes . . yes.� I
panted. �I�ve got one �it�s in the drawer, with the ropes and magazines and
stuff.

�Good� Tanya
smiled at me and slowly withdrew her fingers from my cunt.

I don�t know why,
but the dildo element made me feel quite nervous again. �What, what are you
going to do?� 

Tanya didn�t
answer, but I felt one of her finger nails move downwards from my cunt hole to
my ass. Tanya watched my expression as her finger tip touched my anus and began
to explore, picking at the twisted knot of skin, looking for a way in. The
finger nail caught a tautly wrinkled edge of skin and started to twist and push
against it. I clenched the muscles of my anus as I tried to keep the intruder
out. Tanya gave me a funny look as if to say �Well, you were the one who put
your tongue up my ass first!� and then pushed and twisted even harder. 

There was no real
battle, her finger was well-lubricated with my pussy juices and was being
pushed into my butt hole with unrelenting pressure. I gasped out loud as I felt
my sphinctre give way and Tanya�s finger enter my anus. 

Tanya smiled at my
open mouthed expression of shock and wonder and pushed her finger deeper into
my ass until it could go no further. It was a strange sensation, like having a
shit but not being able to pinch it off by clenching my anal muscles. 

After a second,
Tanya pulled the finger out until it was almost clear of my anus. Then she
pushed it slowly back in again. 

Even though it
wasn�t the most pleasurable sensation that I�ve ever known and was actually
mixed with a certain amount of discomfort, I felt an urge to move my hips and
started to push my ass against her finger in rhythm with her movements. 

I looked down at
my crotch and stared in wonder at Tanya�s hand moving back and forth between my
legs, knowing that I was greasily sliding up and down on another woman�s finger
in my anus. Tanya studied me, as if gauging the effect that being butt-fucked
was having on me. After a few seconds she spoke 

�So, what would
you like me to do to you with a dildo?�

I tried to think
about her question, which I found quite hard with finger sliding in and out of
my anus. 

�What would I like
you to do to me with a dildo?� I repeatedly numbly as Tanya�s finger slid out
of my ass hole once again. 

�That�s right
lover.� 

�Come on Karen, pay
attention. What am I going to do to you with a dildo? 

I stared at her,
desperately trying to block out the sensations coming from my ass hole as I
tried to think of something to say.

�I guess, . . I
guess you�re going to fuck me with it.� 

Tanya threw back
her head and howled with laughter. All the while, her finger was going in and
out of my ass hole and my ass was going up and down in response. 

�Of course I am
going to fuck you with the dildo!. But the question is . . . � Tanya paused and
looked at me expectantly to see if I could guess what was coming next. My mind
was too focused on my ass and what she doing to it with her finger so she
continued. 

�The question is,
am I going to put the dildo up your pussy, or am I going to fuck you up the ass
with it?�

She grinned as she
saw her words sink in and the expression change on my face. 

I kind of
suspected that Tanya quite fancied an anal sex session and I doubted that there
would be a lot that I could say or do to change her mind, so I simply said.
�Whatever you think best.�

�Whatever I think
best!� Tanya chuckled �I like that.� she murmured to herself as she continued
to fuck my ass with her finger. 

She thought about
what was best for a good minute or so longer as I slid up and down her finger. 

Eventually, she
stopped pushing and pulling her finger in and out of my ass hole and looked
over at the chest of drawers. 

�I guess we�d
better see what kind of dildo you�ve got there� 

As she spoke, she
slowly slid her finger out of my ass. My anal muscles closed together with some
relief as the intruder slipped away.

Tanya stood up and
walked over to the chest of drawers. After a few seconds, she found the old
white plastic dildo that I had owned for years and walked back to the bed with
it, turning it over and over in her hands. 

She looked down at
me with a slight frown. 

�We�ll save that
for later I think.� She tossed the dildo onto the bed beside me, then turned
and walked out of the bedroom. I had no idea what she was up to now. But, I
knew by this point that Tanya was capable of anything and my ass hole quivered
in fearful anticipation of what might be coming its way next. 

In the back way

After Tanya had
left the bedroom I pushed myself up to support myself on my bound arms and
listened. I heard a few quiet rustling and thumping sounds from the living room
and then those stopped. For a minute there was nothing but complete silence. I
stood up, and was wondering if I should go and see what she was up to when
Tanya walked back into the room.

She came through the
bedroom door making an adjustment to a strap that went around her waist and I
saw with a shock that she was wearing a strap on dildo.

This was something
completely new and I was lost for words. Then I noticed that she was holding a
tube of lubricant in one hand and I began to get that fluttering sensation in
my stomach again.

I spluttered �Uh,
.. uh .. Tanya, what�s going on?�

Tanya walked up to
me and then took hold of me by the shoulders she had that look of deep
concentration in her eyes again. 

�Turn.� She said
firmly and used my shoulders to move me around until I had my back to her. Then
she pressed down on my shoulders and simply said �Knees.�

Nervously, I
followed her orders and dropped onto my knees next to the side of the bed. Then
she used her feet to push my legs apart. 

Turning my head to
one side, I watched in the mirror as she dropped to her knees directly behind
me so that she was kneeling between my legs. 

�Oh no Tanya! Wait
a minute please!� My heart started racing as I saw her open the lube tube and
smear clear jelly up and down the length of the dildo. There was nothing I
could do. My hands were tied behind my back and I was sandwiched between the
bed in front of me and Tanya behind me.

�Don�t worry,
you�re going to love this!�

She finished off
slathering the dildo in lubricant and tossed the tube to one side. Then she
reached down with one hand and used her fingers to push my lower buttocks apart
while she gripped the base of the dildo with her other hand.

�Tanya!� I
squealed in alarm, my voice now quaking with fear. She shuffled forward
slightly on her knees and I felt something hard, cold and wet touch the inside
of my buttocks, slide around for a second and then come to rest against my ass
hole. 

�Please Tanya no!�
I pleaded. �No, I�m not sure about this, I�ve never�� mmmmhhhh, nnnnrrhh, mmmrrhhh!� My words were
cut off suddenly as Tanya took her hand off my ass and used it to gag me. I
tried to shake my head from side to side, to free myself from the hand gag, but
Tanya kept her hand firmly in place over my mouth.

From the corner of
my eye, I watched our reflections in the mirror helplessly as she moved her
body forwards and upwards and pulled back on my face with the hand that she was
using to gag me. 

�Oh yes, oh yes!�
Tanya crooned as she thrust her hips upwards. 

I flinched at the
sudden increase in pressure from the hard greasy object pressing against my ass
hole. It was like the irrestistable force of Tanya�s will meeting the immovable
object of my anal muscles. But then the muscles of my anus started to give way
and slowly opened up. I felt a great hard pressure as the muscular ring of my
sphincter was forced open as Tanya slowly pushed and guided the dildo into my
ass hole. 

The dildo was at
least twice as wide as Tanya�s finger and this time it really did feel like I
was having a huge shit. I was shaking my head and making lots of �mmmmhhhh,
nnnnrrhh, mmmrrhhh!� sounds into Tanya�s hand. Behind me, I could hear her
sniggering to herself. 

The dildo seemed
to take forever to slide right into my ass, but finally the awful yet blissful
sliding sensation stopped and there it was, buried deep inside me Then Tanya
pulled her hips back, still gripping the base of the dildo and the plastic
phallus started to slide out of my ass. 

Despite my squawks
and protests Tanya soon had a regular rhythm built up and the dildo was being
pumped steadily in and out of my throbbing anus. 

I stopped
complaining and Tanya took her hand away from my mouth and took hold of one of
my breasts with it. The only sounds that could be heard now were my grunts and
gasps, the occasional slap of Tanya�s thighs against my buttocks, and the soft
squelching sounds that the dildo made as it went in and out of my anus. 

I leaned over,
rested my head on the bed and looked at our reflection. Me, on my knees with
hands bound behind me and Tanya behind me, one hand fondling one of my breasts
and the other holding the base of the dildo. She was looking down at the dildo
and watching it slide in and out of my ass with look of great satisfaction, as
if she was getting her own back on some old enemy. In fact, she looked like she
was really loving it as she watched the dildo go slamming back and forth into
my ass. 

I think she was
playing with herself as well. It was difficult to see clearly because of the
angle of the reflection and the closeness of our bodies. But I could have sworn
that the fingers of the hand holding the dildo were also working away with a
rhythm of their own between the tops of her thighs. 

After a few
minutes of being butt fucked by Tanya, my anal muscles started to really ache
and I shifted awkwardly and said something like �Hurts!�

Tanya must have
known that I wasn�t messing, because after another thirty seconds or so she
stopped. I watched in the mirror as Tanya�s sweat-covered body pulled away from
me and sleek black shape of the dildo slid out of my ass. 

I slumped forward
on the bed exhausted but was allowed no time for recovery. Tanya pulled the
strap on from her body, tossed it to one side and then turned to me. 

�That was
fantastic.� She said breathlessly. �I just love doing that.�

She took me by the
shoulders and pulling me backwards she lay me down on the floor with my bound
hands underneath me. 

I didn�t have
chance to ask her what she was doing. She simply knelt down next to my head,
then swung one leg over my face to straddle me. I looked up to see the dark
mass of Tanya�s crotch descending onto my face. As Tanya�s pussy moved down to
meet my face she slid one of her hands under the back of my head and pulled it
up towards her pussy. It was just like that, no words, no niceties. Tanya had
look of real hunger and I knew what she wanted. 

As she pulled my
face into her pussy, I opened my mouth and my tongue slid straight along her
groove and into her cunt hole like a little cock. I looked upwards through the
curls of Tanya�s pubes and saw her close her eyes in ecstasy. 

As I moved my
tongue around inside her she lifted her face towards the ceiling and moaned. I
slid my tongue up and down her slit and flipped it back and forth across her
throbbing clit and soon Tanya�s whole body was shaking.

After her orgasm,
Tanya leaned back against the bed for a rest. I noticed that her immaculate
hair was looking rather messy, and she looked like she�d been working out in
the gym or just come back from a run. 

Despite having my
hands tied behind my back, I managed to push myself up into a sitting position
and sat with legs crossed while I waited for her to recover.

�Shoooff!� Tanya
exhaled slowly. �You are a fast learner. I would have never had you figured for
that.� 

She nodded in
acknowledge of her error of judgement. �You know, when I first saw you in that
bar tonight I was in two minds as to whether it would be worth the effort of
trying to break you in. And now look at you. A proper little expert pussy
muncher.�

I felt a warm glow
spread across my cheeks as I heard myself described in this way. 

�Well, thanks . .
I uh . . I guess I enjoyed it.�

�Good.� Tanya�s
cheeks were still flushed, but she pulled herself up from the bed and moved to
sit directly behind me. Her legs appeared around the sides of mine and I felt
the warmth of body behind me and the soft pressure of her breasts pressed
against my back. 

Tanya put her chin
on my shoulder and said quietly �How�s your ass?�

�It�s OK.� I
watched Tanya�s arms reach around me to take hold of the stocking above my left
knee. 

�It throbs a
little bit but it doesn�t really hurt.� I said as I watched Tanya�s hands
smoothing the stocking along my leg, pulling it up and straightening out the
wrinkles in it.

�Sorry, I get a
bit carried away sometimes, I kind of have this thing for fucking women up the
ass.� 

�Really?� I
replied with a hint of sarcasm as her hands reached the top of my thigh and
pulled the stocking top up an inch closer to my crotch. She reached down and
started to smooth out the stocking on my other leg. 

There was
something intimate and sensual about having a naked woman sit behind me and
adjust what little clothing I had on. I was paying more attention to Tanya�s hands
than to what I was saying.

�Well, it was
certainly something new.� I went on. �In fact, I�ve never been fucked with a
dildo before at all.�

Tanya�s hands had
reached the stocking top but they stopped for a moment. 

�Never?� She
sounded surprised.

I looked at her
out of the corner of my eye. 

�Nope, never. I�ve
only ever used that old dildo on myself when I�ve been on my own.�

�Ah, ha. I see.�
Tanya�s fingers went slowly back to work again. They finished pulling up the
stocking and then started to stroke the inside of my thigh, sliding over the
smooth skin between the stocking top and my crotch. 

I was entranced by
Tanya�s soft caress and I felt the familiar tingling awaken inside my cunt
again. After a few seconds, Tanya moved her head to one side to get a better
look at my face. 

�So you�ve never
been fucked with a dildo eh?�

�Err, no.� I was
beginning to get an idea of where we might be heading next.

�Well, we can
change that right now can�t we?� 

Tanya jumped to
her feet, hooked her hands under my shoulders and pulled me up to a standing
position. Then, before I could say anything she picked up the ball gag. I
groaned aloud as soon as I saw her take hold of it in a purposeful way. 

�Oh not the gag
again!� I cried �What for?�

�Because I want
to. Now stop whining Karen!� Tanya snapped. 

She stood behind
me and held the big red ball in front of my face. 

�Open wide.� 

Rather than suffer
another pinched nose I grudgingly opened my mouth. Once again, I felt the
oppressive bulk of the large rubber ball being rammed into my mouth. For some
reason, I really resented being gagged and reduced to some kind of mute
prisoner again. The straps of the gag also bit into my skin, making the sides
of my mouth sore and that irritated me as well. I snorted my annoyance at Tanya
as she fastened the buckle behind the back of my head. Then she turned me round
and looked me up and down as I stood, twisting my hands behind my back in
frustration and worry about what was coming next. 

Tanya pointed at
the bed. 

�Lie down.� 

I sullenly climbed
onto the bed and lay there looking up at her resentfully. 

The ropes around
my wrists made lying on my back a little bit painful, but I had already found
that as long as I didn�t strain against the ropes too much that I could ignore
this discomfort quite easily. And to be honest, the sensations coming from
other parts of my body were occupying far more of my attention. 

Tanya leaned
forwards, took hold of my ankles and pulled my legs apart. She grinned
triumphantly for a few seconds at the position that she had me in, then she
climbed onto the bed, knelt between my legs and lowered her body directly onto
mine. 

Tanya put her
elbows out on the outside of each of my arms and allowed the weight of her
upper body to rest on them. With her hands free, she took hold of both of my
breasts and started to squeeze them. She also pushed her pussy against mine and
I felt the scratchy sensation as the hair-covered skin of both our pussies
rubbed over each other. There was a slight rustling sound from our stockings as
our legs brushed against each other. 

�Never been fucked
with a dildo eh?� Tanya was staring into my eyes, the tip of her nose only an
inch above mine, her mouth twisted into an impish grin. Her hands began to
knead my tits harder and harder as she ground her pudendum against mine,
rubbing it up and down and from side to side.

I found myself
making �mmmmhhh� and �nnnrrgh!� noises. Once again, Tanya had me completely at
her mercy and was totally dominating me. Apart from having my hands tied behind
my back, she had my body trapped underneath hers, was touching me and rubbing
me in any way she wanted. And I have to admit it, having Tanya ride me like a
man was a real turn on. 

Tanya was staring
hard into my eyes, she could see the excitement and fear in me. She leaned
forwards and kissed me on and around the ball gag, then she lowered her head.
The feeling of Tanya�s tongue running sinuously down my throat was wonderful,
but I barely had time to appreciate it before she was devouring my tits,
nibbling and sucking on my nipples and sending even more heavenly sensations
out through my body. 

Tanya was grinding
her crotch hard against mine, and I was squirming around beneath her, gyrating
my hips to match her rhythm. Then, as Tanya clamped her lips around one of my
teats she reached down with one hand and grasped my cunt. As her fingers slid
into my soaking groove I groaned in ecstasy. Tanya was sucking hard on my tits
and rubbing my clit with her fingers while I writhed and squirmed helplessly
beneath her, totally at her mercy. 

Tanya enjoyed her
sensual domination for another minute or so, until I was starting to get really
steamed up. Then she let go of my cunt and picked the dildo up. 

I looked up to see
Tanya open her mouth and take the dildo into it. She had a devilish look in her
eyes as she sucked on the dildo. Her face elongated, with cheeks hollowed out
and her red lips swollen and pursed around the white plastic shaft as she
sucked on it. She moved the long plastic tube in and out of her mouth as she
lubricated it with her saliva. Then she removed it from her mouth, gave me an
evil grin and moved down the bed until her face was over my pussy. 

I lifted my head
and strained my neck to watch. I had no idea where she going to put it � in my
pussy or up my ass.

Tanya put her free
hand on top of my pussy and used her thumb and index finger to spread open the
lips of my labia. She looked up at me to see the expression on my gagged face
as the tip of the dildo made contact with the mouth of my vagina. 

I felt the hard
surface of the plastic pressing against the mouth of my cunt and a tremor ran
through my body. Tanya grinned at me and pushed harder and the dildo popped
into me. 

I squealed and
shook my legs as Tanya inserted the whole length of the plastic phallus into
me. It was a fantastic feeling. The whole of my cunt was on fire again with the
muscles of my vagina clenching tightly around the shaft of the dildo, trying to
hang onto it. 

As Tanya started
to pump the dildo back and forth into me, I moved my hips and adjusted the
angle of my cunt to maximise the pressure on the inside of my pubic bone and
the heavenly sensations that this created. 

Tanya watched my
pussy for a minute as she pumped the dildo in and out of me. Then, without
changing her rhythm, she raised her free hand and put a finger into her mouth.
I watched without comprehension, and if I hadn�t had a dildo being driven in
and out of my cunt I might have realised what she was up to. As it was, I found
out a few seconds later when she lowered her hand and I felt the finger press
against my ass hole. 

I let out a shriek
as Tanya�s finger worked its way into my ass hole. So, now I had a dildo in my
cunt and a finger up my ass, both working away in unison, steadily moving in
and out of my most private places. This was too much for me. Being fucked with
a dildo was an amazing new experience, especially with another woman doing it
to me. But being fucked front and back at the same time was more than I could
handle. It was too much stimulation. 

I shook my head
from side to side and �mmmpphed� loudly, but Tanya just grinned at me. I tried
to raise myself up on my bound arms but Tanya moved first. She shifted her body
round sideways so that her feet pointed towards my head. Before I could react,
she stretched one leg out over my upper body and planted it on the other side
of my upper torso. She shifted her body back and suddenly she was straddling my
body like as if we were in a �69� position. 

I looked up and
saw Tanya�s cunt and ass hole coming straight down towards my face. With my
hands tied behind my back and the weight of her body on top of mine I was
completely helpless. If I thought that being fucked up the cunt and up the ass
at the same time was too much, imagine my horror when Tanya lowered her head
and I felt the slippery warmth of her tongue flashing around my clit. 

I screamed into my
gag and tried to shake my body, but Tanya held me tightly between her legs and
pressed down on me with her torso. The dildo and finger went in and out of my
cunt and my ass with a steady rhythm, like parts of smoothly oiled engine.
Tanya was in no hurry, she was clearly enjoying herself as her tongue lazily
played with my clit, seeming to taste it as much as to stimulate it. Tanya was
enjoying my body and my predicament. 

I closed my eyes
and shook my head, knowing that I was going to die for sure. I had never
experienced so much sensual stimulation before. I was sure that I would come a
thousand times, and probably never stop. 

My clit was
throbbing, my thighs were trembling and I could feel the tingling in my crotch
as it built towards an enormous orgasm. I felt like a damsel in distress in an
old film, tied to the tracks while the thunderous power of a mega-orgasm
hurtled down the rails towards me, straight at my pussy. 

At that point, I
stopped fighting and decided to give in to it. If it was all too much and I
died, then so be it � and what a way to go. I couldn�t think of a better way
than death through orgasm. And if I didn�t die, then this was surely going to
be an experience that I would never forget. And that was another thought. If
Tanya was going to take me to undreamed of orgasmic heights then I was glad
that I had gone into Pandora�s Box tonight, and let her pick me up and initiate
me into the delights of lesbian love. 

There and then,
with Tanya fucking me front and back and licking my clit into a frenzy, I knew
that I was a convert. If this was what lesbianism had to offer, then it sure
beat hanging around waiting for deadbeats like Mikey to call. In fact, I
realised that I should have done this years ago. 

I opened my eyes
and looked up at the dark mass of Tanya�s crotch hanging over my face. I saw
all the colours and contours and the intricate folds and creases of Tanya�s
most intimate places. If I was going to experience the biggest orgasm of life,
then I couldn�t think of anything else I would rather be looking at as it
ripped through me. I wondered if this was why she had gagged me, to stop me
from sticking my tongue up her cunt and distracting her from what she was
currently doing to me, or maybe it was to taunt me with the closeness of her
cunt and my inability to taste it. 

I shivered as the
first tremors of approaching orgasm shimmered outwards from my crotch and
another thought to mind. After this, nothing would ever be the same again.
There would be no going back to the old way of life. I groaned and drooled into
my gag as I felt the thunderous orgasm bearing down relentlessly and realised
that I truly had opened Pandora�s box.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;













Pandora&#8217;s box part 2: Bound and boxed

I used to live a fairly normal and sane life until I met Tanya. I don&#8217;t know what happened that night when Tanya came over and started to make a move on me in that bar. Maybe I was feeling a bit bored with my sane life, maybe I was flattered to be getting attention from such a beautiful woman, or maybe I just fancied her. Whatever the reason, I threw years of caution and repressed curiosity to the winds, and decided to find out what sex was like with another woman. What I had not counted on was that not only would Tanya introduce me to the joys of lesbianism, but also to the darker pleasures of submission and bondage. 
In the weeks since that meeting I had been adjusting to these new aspects of my sexuality and developing a growing desire to see Tanya again. As this desire grew into infatuation it was made worse by my difficulties in meeting Tanya again. After several cancelled dates, my obsession grew so great that I decided it was worth going to any lengths to see her, even if that meant trying to see her at work, and risk whatever consequences that might have. 
And that&#8217;s how I found myself here, walking along the corridors of an anonymous hotel plagued be nerves and a horrible sinking feeling that I might end up paying a far higher price for my obsession with Tanya than I had bargained for.
I found number 48, the room that I was looking for and stood there working up the courage to knock on the door. I had no idea what I was about to get myself into, but I knew I couldn&#8217;t turn back. With that thought, I reached out and tapped on the door. 
After a moment a woman&#8217;s voice answered from inside �Who is it?�
�It&#8217;s Karen. I called before.�
The door opened to reveal a woman of around thirty, a few inches shorter than me with black hair pulled back and fastened into a pony tail behind her head. She had an oval face, brown eyes and regular features but was regarding me with suspicion.
�Karen?� 
�That&#8217;s right.� I tried to smile convincingly.
�I don&#8217;t know anyone called Karen.�
�I, I&#8217;m a friend of, . . uhh I know Tanya.� I stammered.
�I see.� She nodded and waved me into the room. 
Inside, she looked me up and down slowly with hands on hips. �I&#8217;m Pam.� She said after a moment. �Sorry if I seem a bit paranoid, but we have to be careful don&#8217;t we?�
�Sure.� I nodded as my feelings of nervousness increased and I began to wonder what the hell I was getting myself into. Tanya hadn&#8217;t given much away about herself, merely saying that she worked for a company that arranged events of some kind.
�Is Tanya here?� I enquired.
�Nah. But you can talk to me.� Pam held out a hand. �I&#8217;ll take your jacket. You can put your clothes on the bed.� 
�My clothes?� I gasped. I really had no idea what was going on.
�Yeah. Take &#8216;em off and put &#8216;em over there.� She pointed at the bed.
My heart was racing now. I hadn&#8217;t been inside the room for a minute and already things seemed to be spinning out of control. I wanted to make an excuse and leave, but I knew that if did that, I might not get to see Tanya.
�Ok.� I gave in and started to unbutton my blouse. 
Pam spoke over her shoulder as she hung my jacket on the door. �You&#8217;re used to this if you&#8217;ve worked with Tanya before, right?
�Uhh.� I tried to think of what to say as I dropped my blouse onto the bed. �Uh, I guess I don&#8217;t know her that well.�
�Well, you&#8217;re gonna get to know her a whole lot better if you work with us on this one.� 
Pam watched as I reached behind to unhook my bra. It fell to the floor and she stood there openly staring at my tits.&nbsp; 
What she saw seemed to please her, she smiled for the first time and as I unfastened my skirt I heard her murmur. �In fact, you could get to know us both quite well.� 
Pam&#8217;s gaze dropped to my crotch as my skirt hit the floor. �You bring some samples with you?� She said without taking her eyes of my lower body.
�Samples?� That panicky feeling of getting into something way over my head was increasing with every moment that passed, made worse of course by the fact that I was standing before her naked except for my panties.
�Yeah, you know work samples.� Pam managed to tear her eyes off my crotch and glare at me like I was stupid. �Have you done much of this kind of work before?�
�Ah, well . .� I wrung my hands, searched around the room with my eyes and tried to think of something to say. �No, actually I haven&#8217;t done much before.� I admitted eventually.
Pam put her hands on her hips and eyed me coldly again. With her hair in a pony tail and her eyes narrowed she looked particularly daunting. I began to wonder just what the hell I had gotten into. 
�How do you know Tanya then?� There was a suspicious edge to Pam&#8217;s voice.
�We met a few weeks ago.�
�How?�
�In Pandora&#8217;s Box.�
Pam&#8217;s eyes widened slightly. �So you met in Pandora&#8217;s, and she told you about this gig?�
�Yes.�
�OK.� She said thoughtfully as she walked over to a large black leather holdall on the dresser. �Well, if you haven&#8217;t got much experience then I&#8217;ll need to see what you can take.�
�Pardon?�
�I have to see what you&#8217;re capable of. How much you can handle.� Pam spoke with her back to me as she fished around inside the big black bag. When she turned to face me I blinked in surprise as I saw that she was holding a pair of hand cuffs and a couple of black leather straps. She waved the hand cuffs and straps at me. �If you&#8217;re new to the scene then I have to be sure whether or not you can take it.� 
She walked back over to me. �I don&#8217;t care if you&#8217;re a friend of Tanya&#8217;s, you&#8217;ve got to take the audition like everyone else.� 
Completely unprepared for this, I stared at her open-mouthed. When I invited Tanya back to my apartment she had discovered that I was a closet bondage lover, and within minutes I had found myself naked, bound and gagged and being fucked senseless. It was a shock to discover that her colleagues behaved in a similar way too. As I realised that Pam seriously expected me to let her tie me up I began to feel that I had made a serious mistake in coming to this place. In panic, I raised my hands and backed away saying �Hold on a minute, can&#8217;t we call Tanya or something?�
�She&#8217;s busy.� Pam followed me until I was backed up against the edge of the bed.
�Look, I want to see Tanya that&#8217;s all.�
Pam grabbed each of my arms by the wrist. �I told you. It&#8217;s not convenient.�&nbsp; 
�Wooah!� I cried as Pam, without apparent strain, lifted my arms up and held my wrists in the air above my head.
�Now look, I just want . .� My words stopped as Pam stepped forward and shoved me backwards onto the bed. I fell back with a grunt and ended up with my arms still pinned above my head and Pam lying on top of me, her face only inches above mine.
I struggled and tried to wriggle free but Pam held me fast. She may have been short, but she was no light weight and her grip was strong. I squirmed in vain beneath her. 
�Look, this is a mistake.� I squealed. �I don&#8217;t want to be tied up.�
�Then you shouldn&#8217;t have come here.� Pam sneered at me. At her words, I twisted from side to side with renewed desperation. After thirty seconds or so I stopped. I was breathing heavily but getting absolutely nowhere and Pam hardly seemed to be exerting herself as she held me down. For a few moments we stared into each other&#8217;s eyes. 
Wearing only a thin pair of panties and with my hands held tightly above my head I felt acutely vulnerable and exposed. But at the same time I was also becoming aware of how exciting it felt to be dominated like this. 
I think that Pam somehow sensed this change in my thoughts because without warning, she pulled on one of my wrists, pushed down on the other and flipped me over onto my stomach. With a quick wrench she tugged my left wrist downwards and held it in the small of my back. We struggled for a minute as Pam tried to pull my other wrist downwards and I tried to use all my strength to stop her. Pam&#8217;s greater strength soon won out and I groaned aloud as my right hand was pulled painfully down to join my left hand in the middle of my back. I struggled and rolled my body from side to side, but Pam now had a knee across my buttocks and was pressing my body down into the bed as she held my wrists together in the small of my back. 
I could feel her hands moving around behind me and shouted in helpless frustration as I felt something cold and hard slide around the skin of my one wrist and close around it with a couple of loud clicks. Pam&#8217;s fingers continued working away for a second and then I felt the second cuff being snapped tight around my other wrist. Pam let go of me and as I twisted my hands around behind my back I felt the painful, unforgiving bite of steel into the skin of my wrists. Twisting my neck and craning over my shoulder I felt a wave of helpless terror pass through me as I took in the details of the gleaming pair of silver cuffs around my wrists.
�Oh look please, all I . .� Pam cut me off as she pushed me back flat onto the bed and took hold of my elbows.
�Why are you doing this?� I groaned as I felt my elbows being pulled together and something fastened around them. After she finished strapping my elbows Pam roughly turned me onto my back and leaned over me. Her face was devoid of warmth and she looked very serious.
�OK sister. Who are you?�
�I told you.� I stammered. �I&#8217;m Karen.�
�Karen who?� 
�Karen Marx, I know Tanya and I . .�
�Who do you work for?�
�What do you mean?�
�It&#8217;s a simple enough question. Who do you work for?�
�I work for Schwartz and Klein in HR.�
�Who the hell are Schwartz and Klein?�
�We&#8217;re book publishers.�
�Publishers!� Pam was looking angry now. She walked over to the door and started to search through the pockets of my jacket. I managed to push myself up into a sitting position and watched her as she rifled through my purse. When she found my driver&#8217;s licence and credit cards she stopped and examined them carefully. Meanwhile, I strained, twisted and squirmed against the restrictions that had been placed on my arms.
Pam glanced at me briefly. �Keep still or I&#8217;ll hog tie you.�
I stopped struggling, feeling both shocked and frightened by her threat.
�Look, I don&#8217;t know who you think I am, but won&#8217;t you please let me go?� I pleaded.
Pam looked at me coldly. �Not until I know who you are.�
I opened my mouth to speak but she cut across me. �And it&#8217;s got to be something better than being some vague acquaintance of Tanya.�
Pam finished searching my jacket and purse and came to stand in front of me. 
�Right then. Miss Marx from Schwarz and Klein. What the hell are you doing here?�
�I told you, I know Tanya, and. .�
�No, not good enough!� She put one foot on the bed, put her elbow on her knee and then rested her chin on her hand and looked me in the eye. �I always handle our recruitment and auditions. Tanya handles the production side of it. She wouldn&#8217;t start introducing new models because she doesn&#8217;t have those kind of contacts. And even if she did, she wouldn&#8217;t do it without talking to me first.�
�Look, it&#8217;s true! I&#8217;m a friend of Tanya&#8217;s. We met a few weeks ago in Pandora&#8217;s Box.� My voice was quavering and I wanted to beg Pam to believe me. 
�You met Tanya in Pandora&#8217;s?�
�Yes!� 
�Tell me what happened.�
I briefly described to her how Tanya had picked me up after a few drinks and how we had gone back to my place for sex. I didn&#8217;t tell her that since then I had been almost unable to think of anything else except what she had done to me that night and the taste of Tanya&#8217;s pussy on my tongue. 
As I finished speaking, Pam nodded slowly to herself. �Now that I think about it, she did say something a few weeks back about having an interesting night after meeting someone in a bar.�
She looked me up and down with renewed interest. �So that was you was it?�
�I guess so.� I whispered, and felt my cheeks start to redden.&nbsp; 
�So Tanya found herself a new fuck-buddy and thought she&#8217;d just invite you over to see us at work eh?� Pam walked over to the leather bag and reached inside.
I was relieved that Pam now appeared to believe that I did actually know Tanya, but I was still worried. What I had not told Pam was that Tanya had not invited me to the hotel tonight. I was reluctant to mention this because it might lead to the even more worrying revelation that I had rifled through Tanya&#8217;s handbag the morning after at my apartment and stolen one of her business cards. After several dates had been cancelled at the last minute by Tanya I had finally resorted to using the mobile phone number on the business card and had managed to find out that Tanya was going to be here, at this hotel tonight.
�I think that Tanya and I need to have a little chat about things like professionalism, confidentiality and respect for our clients.� Pam turned back towards me and her eyes were blazing. I wanted to tell Pam what had really happened, but I was terrified of her anger. 
Then Pam was standing in front of me again, holding something up in front of me. My eyes widened in shock and fear as I realised that she was holding a large red ball gag.
�No, please!� I shouted and tried to stand up.
Pam shoved me roughly back onto the bed.
�You have got to be kidding.� I shrieked. 
Pam held the big red ball in front of my face and I stared at it in horror.
�For Christ&#8217;s sake.� I pleaded. �You are not putting that in my mouth!�
�That&#8217;s what they all say.� Pam chuckled. �But it goes in just the same. Always does.�
�No, just let me. .ooowwww!� I shrieked in agony as Pam pinched and twisted one of my nipples.
�Now.� Pam said slowly. �Unless you want me to twist this little nip until it bleeds, I suggest that you do exactly what I say.� 
�But, I . . oowwwuh!� I squealed again as Pam gave my nipple another painful squeeze.
She was right. I had no choice. 
Muttering �Oh fuck, oh fuck!� under my breath, I slowly opened my mouth as I felt the rubber ball touch the my lips. Pam put her other hand behind my head and I felt pressure from front and back as she jammed the rubber ball against my teeth and started to press hard. There was a moment of panic when I felt that my jaws were going to be dislocated and then the curved rubber surface slid behind my teeth. Once it had passed behind my teeth I was able to close my mouth slightly. The rubber of the gag was also slightly soft, which allowed me to bite into it a bit and relieve the pressure on my jaw muscles a bit more. 
Pam pushed my head forwards, pulled the leather straps around the sides of my face and buckled the gag behind my head. While her fingers worked away at the back of my neck I struggled to keep myself from gagging and concentrated on breathing through my nose.
�That&#8217;s better.� Pam said as she sat down on the bed right next to me.
I stared at her, wide-eyed with fear and the humiliation of being bound and gagged so easily. The big rubber gag filled my mouth almost to bursting point. 
Pam put an arm around me and pulled me to her. I looked down and watched as she took hold of both of my breasts. She massaged them gently, feeling their size and shape, and then began to roll my nipples between her fingers. To my shame, my nipples started to respond immediately, stiffening and hardening. 
�Ahh, so you do have some experience of bondage then.� Pam laughed as she played with my tits. 
I shook my head at her and made a �Nnnnrrrhhh!� noise, but she ignored me and continued to caress my tits.
�You know, I think I can see what it is that Tanya likes about you.� I looked up to see that Pam had a insidious smirk on her face. 
�I also have to say that you seem quite relaxed about this.� Pam said, sounding quite pleased. 
Then, with her face only a few inches away, Pam looked right into my eyes and said. �I&#8217;ll bet that Tanya tied you up every which way didn&#8217;t she?�
Unable to look away, I gave a small nod.
�And if I know Tanya, I&#8217;ll bet she fucked you every which way too.�
I felt my cheeks start to warm up and had to look away. 
�And you know something else?� Pam&#8217;s hands were still working away, kneading my breasts as I looked into her eyes again. 
�I&#8217;ll bet you loved every minute of it.�
We stared at each other in silence as with a slight shock, I realised that I was enjoying what Pam was doing to me. I couldn&#8217;t believe that I was getting turned on while I was in such a helpless predicament. 
Pam had an insidious kind of smile on her face again, as if we were sharing some kind of private secret. I was relieved that her anger seemed to have gone, but now I was worried about what that sly smile meant. 
At that point, Pam lowered her head and took one of my nipples into her mouth.
�Mmmpph, nnnrrhhh!� I said in frustration as I rocked back and forth on the bed. The feelings from my breasts were highly sensual and becoming very difficult to ignore. I felt guilty and humiliated. It was made worse by the fact that Pam seemed to be somehow know that I was being turned on. How could I have so little control over my own body?
I felt one of Pam&#8217;s hands touch my stomach and stroke my skin lightly. After a few seconds, her finger tips began to trace a path downwards over my stomach towards my crotch. &#8216;Oh my dear Lord&#8217; I thought. What have I gotten myself into here.
�Mmmmpphh, nnnrrrhhh, mmmm!� I tried to protest as Pam&#8217;s fingers explored the depression of my belly button and then moved lower, now they were almost touching the top of my panties. By now I could feel that old familiar tingling sensation in my clit. 
�Mmmmpphh!� I tried to turn away my body, but Pam pulled me to her, my hands twisted helplessly behind me within the steel cuffs that held them.
Her fingers reached my panties and started to play with the top of my panties, running gently back and forth along the elasticated edge. 
I could feel the excitement building within me and I struggled to break free, but Pam held me in a tight embrace. After twenty seconds or so, the ends of Pam&#8217;s fingers disappeared beneath the pink stripes of my panties and I felt the tips of her fingers moving through my upper pubes.
�Nnnnrrrhhh, mmmmpph!� I struggled even harder as I felt my pussy starting to heat up. I knew that it was wrong and horrible and humiliating, but the feeling of Pam&#8217;s lips and teeth on my nipple and her fingers playing with my pubes was really making me hot. And of course as Tanya had revealed to me, deep down inside I really loved being tied up and dominated by other women. 
Pam&#8217;s fingers moved downwards through my pubes. I tried to tell myself that I would keep my legs pressed hard together, but I knew that my heart wasn&#8217;t in it. I shuddered slightly as Pam&#8217;s fingers reached the base of my clit. Her finger tips pushed against the tops of my thighs and I allowed my legs to open without a struggle. Pam&#8217;s hand slipped between my legs and I felt her fingers moving between my thighs. 
A shiver ran down my spine as I Pam&#8217;s fingertips brushed the lips of my labia. As if she scooping up a handful of snow, Pam cupped her hand around my pussy and began to softly press against the lips of my pussy. For a minute or so, Pam alternated between stroking the outside of my pussy with her finger tips and holding my clit between her fingers and squeezing it lightly. Then she put a finger right along the crack between my lips and pressed. My lips slid open and Pam&#8217;s finger sank into my waiting pussy. 
I closed my eyes in shame as Pam&#8217;s finger found the mouth of my vagina and slipped inside like a hot knife passing through butter. I was hot and my pussy was getting wetter with every second that passed. 
I gave up trying to resist the pleasurable sensations and started to think about how much erotic it was to have another woman doing things like this to me while I was bound and gagged. For the thousandth time in the last few weeks, I wondered how it could have taken me so many years to work up the courage to find out what lesbianism and bondage were like. 
After another minute or so, Pam stopped fingering my cunt and withdrew her hand from my crotch. I came out of my erotic reverie and opened my eyes to find Pam holding a glistening finger up in front of me. 
�Well, looks like you can handle it alright it don&#8217;t it?� She announced triumphantly. Then, as I watched she put her finger to her lips and licked my pussy juices off her skin.
�In fact, it looks like it really turns you on.� She purred approvingly. Then she looked directly into my eyes. �You ready for some more?�
The immediate danger from Pam&#8217;s anger seemed to have subsided, there was a good chance that I was going to see Tanya at some point soon, and I was pretty turned on. So ignored the hot blush that I felt rising to my cheeks as I looked Pam in the eye and gave a small nod.
With a smile, Pam jumped to her feet and started to unzip her skirt. Before the skirt hit the floor she was already unbuttoning her blouse. As I watched Pam undress, I realised that we were going to be in for a session and I wondered what Tanya would think about that. Knowing her, she would probably join in. Pam unhooked her bra and let it drop onto the floor. As I looked at her naked body I could see how she had been able to overpower me so easily. She was not stocky or overweight at all. What she did have was broad shoulders and well muscled arms. She also had wide hips which tapered nicely to none-too-slim, but well-muscled stomach. She looked like she spent a lot of time at the gym. 
As I stared at her body she put a finger to her chin as if she thought about something. 
She grinned suddenly �I know.� Returning to the big bag on the dresser she searched around inside it for a few moments. She picked something out of it and turned to face me with an evil smile. �I think we&#8217;ll start with this.�
I saw the large white dildo in Pam&#8217;s hand and my eyes opened in sudden fear. Fingers and tongues were one thing, dildos were another. I still hadn&#8217;t quite gotten over some of the things that Tanya had done to me with a dildo during our night together.
I started shaking my head and �mmmpphing� in protest. 
Pam smiled and nodded at me.�Oh yes.�
Pam stepped forwards and I jumped up and ran across the room. Pam caught me by the shoulder, whirled me around and shoved me back against the wall.
She tapped the dildo lightly against my pudendum and said quietly�And where do you think you&#8217;re going?�
I was whining and �mmphing� into the gag, desperately trying to plead with Pam not to shove the dildo up me. 
Pam was standing very close to me now, only inches in front of me. �What pretty pink panties you have� she laughed as she plucked at the elasticated top of my panties. I rolled my eyes and whined in helpless humiliation. 
I felt something cold against my thigh and looked down to see Pam running the dildo lightly up and down the tops of my thighs. With her other hand, she started to fondle my left breast as she kept my pinned against the wall. 
Next, Pam pulled back the top of my panties and ran the dildo through the top of my pubes while I whimpered into the gag. 
I stopped whining when she touched the outside of my panties with the dildo and started tracing circles with the end of it around the spot where my clit bulged out through the soft material. The warm, soapy feeling was returning to the top of my thighs. 
After a minute or two of this I was ready to confess that despite my fear of the dildo, the situation was exciting. With every orbit that the tip of the dildo made around my clit, I was feeling hotter and hornier.
I looked up and Pam was staring back at me with a quiet smile of triumph. We both knew that if I was really unhappy about what she was doing that I would have been kicking up a lot more fuss. Not this mute acceptance of being bound, gagged, and groped. 
Pam knew that I was ready. She stopped stroking my pudendum and tapped the end of the dildo against my thigh. 
�Legs apart please.� She said softly.
Pam waited for a few seconds and then tapped my thigh again. 
�Come on, the pleasure can&#8217;t begin until Mr Dildo goes in.� Pam stifled a snigger at her awful joke.
Too shamed and humiliated to look at Pam, I looked up at the ceiling and took a small step to the side with one leg. 
�Wider please!� Pam commanded. She was loving this.
I breathed out sharply through my nose in irritation and moved my other leg a foot or so over to the other side. I was now standing in front of Pam with my legs wide open. It was totally humiliating, but at the same time, it was really turning me on.
Pam squatted down in front of me until her face was level with my crotch. Then she leaned forward, pressed her nose into my pudendum and breathed in deeply. After savouring the scent of my pussy for a half a minute she sat back on her heels and gave me a look of deep satisfaction. �You&#8217;re definitely turned on by this aren&#8217;t you?�
I felt embarrassed and looked away, but we both knew it was true. My pussy was hot and wet and I couldn&#8217;t hide my state of excitement.
Pam went back to stroking and touching me with the dildo. This time she ran it back and forth along the insides of my thighs, then she used the end to trace the crack between my buttocks through my panties before running it back over my cunt. After a few minutes of this, I was leaning against the wall breathing heavily through my nose. 
When Pam stopped running the dildo over my crotch I opened my eyes and looked down to find her looking back up at me with a one-sided grin. �Let&#8217;s see what we&#8217;ve got in here then shall we?� And she tucked her thumbs under the waist of my panties where they passed over my hips, pulled the elasticated material outwards, and slowly moved her hands down my hips. It was a strange experience to look into another woman&#8217;s grinning eyes as I felt my panties being pulled down. When Pam had exposed the front of my pubic bush she stopped and stared at my pussy, her eyes level with my pubes and the end of her nose only a couple of inches from my pudendum.
I gulped. We both knew what was coming next. I could no longer make any pretence that I was unhappy about what was happening. If Pam had untied me then and there I would have been equally helpless to prevent her from leading me over to the bed and doing whatever she wanted with me. In fact, if she had untied me at that point, I would have taken the dildo off her and shoved it into my pussy myself.

I had completely given myself up to the situation. All I wanted now was for Pam to bring me to a climax. As I had been a few weeks before with Tanya, I was amazed and slightly disturbed at how much pleasure it gave me to be bound, gagged and groped like this. 
Pam looked me in the eyes again and grinned. �Still wanna run away?�
I stared at her in silent humiliation. Pam opened her mouth to say something else but was stopped by a knock at the bedroom door. We both froze, staring at each other. After a few seconds there was another knock and then a woman&#8217;s voice called �Pam, we need to talk.�
�Shit.� Pam bit her lip and thought for a moment. 
�Just a minute, I&#8217;m in the shower!� She called towards the door. 
Looking angry, she stood up and pointed a finger in my face. 
�You want to get into a whole shit load of trouble?� She said in a hissed whisper.
I shook my head.
�Then you stay put. You got that?�
I nodded.
�This won&#8217;t take long.�
She rushed over to the wardrobe, pulled out a dressing gown and pulled it on hurriedly. After tying the dressing gown, she ran over to me and said quietly. 
�Remember, you don&#8217;t move a muscle OK�
I nodded dumbly and Pam&#8217;s face softened into a thin smile. �Then we can carry on where we left off.� 
Leaning in close, she gave me a quick peck on the cheek before crossing to the door, opening it a fraction and slipping out before the person outside could catch a glimpse inside the room. 
I listened for a few seconds but could hear nothing. Then I sat down on the bed and tried to think about what to do. Pam had got me all hot and bothered and ready to come, and I was quite happy to sit there and wait for my captor to return. I felt this even though the sane, sensible part of me was telling me that I was in a dangerous situation with a strange person and that I should try to escape. And of course, I reminded myself that I still wanted to see Tanya. 
The thought of Tanya made me sit up straight. It suddenly occurred to me that if Pam spoke to Tanya before I did that they might realise that I had stolen the business card and that I had kind of gotten in here under false pretences. If that happened then I might end up with both Pam and Tanya being might pissed off with me. And God knows what could happen then. I was already helpless enough and in no position to prevent either of them from doing whatever they wanted with me. What might happen with two of them on the war path sent a shiver of pure terror down my spine.
I decided that it might be time to see what other avenues of escape might be possible from this room. I stood up and with some difficulty managed to grab my panties and pull them back up so that I wasn&#8217;t walking around with my muff showing. 
Looking around the room, I noticed a door in the wall opposite the bed and realised that it was a connecting door that led into the room next door. It seemed to offer a possible way out, so I walked across the room, turned my back to the door and managed to find the handle with my hands. I pushed the handle down and was rewarded by a reassuring clunk as the mechanism worked and the door opened behind me. 
With the door partly open I leaned forwards and peeked inside. There were clothes and other personal items strewn on the bed but I couldn&#8217;t see or hear anyone. It looked like the room&#8217;s occupant was out, so I slipped inside and pulled the door closed behind me.
Inside the room it was silent. I scanned the room quickly, there was nothing obvious that I could use to free myself. Spying a small suitcase on a chair I walked over to it and despite having my hands cuffed behind my back I somehow managed to unzip the case and open it. I turned around, looked inside the case and nearly jumped out of my skin.
The case contained a pile of old-looking, well worn bondage magazines sitting on top of a coil of rope. At one end of the case was a big black dildo lay next to several ball gags.
I staggered backwards in horror. This room must belong to Pam too, or maybe this was Tanya&#8217;s room? 
I turned to run and froze. A tall thin woman with an angular face who I had never seen before was blocking my way. Long strands of wet blonde hair hung down to her neck and she was wearing only a towelling robe, that hung open allowing me a clear view of her partially shaved pussy. Behind her the door to the bathroom was open and I could see a steamed-up mirror and other signs of recent bathing.
She didn&#8217;t seem particularly surprised to see me, and even smiled as we sized each other up. She was quite thin and I would have said that she was in her late thirties. She was quite attractive, but her thin face, angular cheek bones and a slightly Roman nose gave her a rather hard, hawkish appearance. God alone knows what she must have thought of me.
�And what do you want?� she asked after a few seconds.
�Mmmmm, mmmmppphh!�
She nodded. �I see, Pam sent you in here for a bit of fun with me.�
I shook my head frantically from side to side but. �Nnnnrhh, nnrrhhh, nuuuhhh uhhhhh!� was all I could say.
�So you just wandered in here then?�
I nodded vigorously. 
�You&#8217;re in the habit of wandering around hotels, hand cuffed and gagged with your knickers half-way down your waist are you?�
Looking down, I realised that I hadn&#8217;t done a very good job of pulling up my panties and that the top of my pubes were still showing. 
I shook my head and made more �mmmmph� noises through the gag but the woman made no move to untie me or removing my gag.
�And why are you going through my private possession?� the smile had gone and the woman suddenly sounded more menacing now.
I shook my head, �mmphed� even harder and almost jumped up and down with frustration. Why wouldn&#8217;t she untie me and let me explain? The woman&#8217;s lips twisted into a cruel grin. It was obvious that she was enjoying my predicament and discomfort. 
�Ok, I don&#8217;t mind if we play games.� She told me with a smile as she ran her eyes up and down my body. �But, it seems to me that you broke into my room, started looking at my private things, including my magazines.� 
I shook my head, but she continued. �Yes, I think you came in here, started looking at my private things and then got so excited that you decided to try a few things out for yourself and then got into a mess.� 
Anna ignored the shaking of my head my desperate �mmmphh� noises. 
 �Yes, you were obviously hoping that I was going to return and find you here like this and take advantage of you.� I stared at her in astonishment as she continued. �Well, if that was your intention then you were right, because that is exactly what I am going to do with you.�
As she finished, she let the robe slide from her shoulders and fall to the floor. Like her face, her body was lean, with small breasts and angular hips and shoulders.&nbsp; She looked like a runner, with well muscled upper arms, thighs and calves.
�Mmmphh, mmmmmh!� I shook my head desperately from side to side as she moved towards me. She put a hand on my shoulder to stop me from running off and took hold of one of my breasts with the other.
�I&#8217;m Anna by the way, but we can finish off the introductions later.� She murmured as she fondled my breast. �Once we&#8217;ve got to know each other a bit more intimately.�
�You know what I want don&#8217;t you?� she said in a suggestive voice.
�Mmmnnnph!� I shook my head from side to side.
�You are going to eat my pussy.� Anna said in a quiet, matter of fact voice.
I stared at her wild-eyed, shaking my head as emphatically as I could.
�Perhaps some more persuasion is necessary?� Anna said lightly and turned to the suitcase. 
As soon as her back was turned, I started tip-toeing towards the main door of the hotel room.
Behind me I heard Anna call. �Hey!� 
I ran towards the door, but with my hands bound behind me it was hopeless. Anna was upon me in a second and dragged me back across the room by cuffs around my wrists. 
She pushed me onto the bed, rolled me over onto my stomach and sat on me. The weight of her body across my thighs pinned me to the bed by my legs. 
I �mmphed� and flailed about with my feet as she looped a leather belt around my ankles. The flailing movements became smaller and stopped as the she pulled the belt tight around my ankles and then buckled it.
Anna stood up, took hold of the belt around my ankles and lifted my feet up high into the air. I squealed as my legs were hoist up so high that they were vertical in pointing straight at the ceiling. As Anna was hauling my legs into position, something caught my eye across the room and I saw Pam&#8217;s face peering through the connecting door, watching us. I had no time to think about trying to call out to Pam because Anna continued to hoist my feet up ever higher until my bottom was lifted right off the bed, placing all my weight on my bound arms and leaving me in a really uncomfortable position.
Then she let go with one hand, raised one foot off the floor and took off her slipper. 
Anna&#8217;s arm moved like lightning and there was a loud crack that was followed an instant later by stinging, searing pain from my elevated and exposed buttocks.
I screwed up my eyes and howled my pain into the horrible rubber gag in my mouth.
�Crack!!� The next blow followed a split second later. My buttocks were already smarting horribly and I felt tears welling up inside my eye lids as the third blow landed with another agonising slap. 
I opened my eyes and looked pleadingly at Anna. My vision was blurred from the tears in my eyes, but I saw that she was smiling as she watched me with a look of intense interest.
�You still unsure about this?�
I shook my head rapidly from side to side.
�You&#8217;re ready to do what I want then?�
I nodded vigorously, trying to show how enthusiastic I was.
Anna waved the slipper at me. �If you&#8217;re not sure, you can have a little more persuasion.�
I nodded my head again and �mmphed� at her to show that I was sure.
�Good.� Anna sounded smugly pleased with herself. But instead of lowering my legs and getting on with whatever sexual act that she wanted me to perform on her Anna continued to hold my legs in the air. For at least half a minute she gazed downwards at my exposed posterior and then murmured quietly. �You&#8217;ve got quite a nice bottom haven&#8217;t you?�
After that she let my ass sink back onto the bed, then she pulled me up into a sitting position and sat down next to me. The next thing I knew, Anna pulled me over her knee like she was going to spank me again. I squealed and clenched my buttocks expecting another blow to land. Instead, Anna started to rub my glowing buttocks with both hands. �You see.� She said in a soothing voice. �There was no need for all that fuss. I always get what I want you know.� 
As she rubbed my buttocks Anna leaned over sideways and brought her head down low over my ass. She stopped rubbing my buttocks and used her hands to pull the cheeks of my ass apart and take a good long look at my ass hole. She seemed to be have developed an interest in my anus. Craning my neck over my shoulder, I saw her dip a finger into her mouth and slide in and out a couple of times to wet it. Next, I shivered as I felt the light touch of Anna&#8217;s finger tip against my anus. Straightening her back again Anna looked down at me with a smile as her finger twiddled with the bulge of my anus. She increased the pressure, and I felt a finger tip pry apart the edges of the muscular knot, before the finger wriggled its way inside. 
I snorted as Anna worked her finger into my anus, but she paid no attention and pushed the finger right in up to the knuckle. Then she began to slide her finger in and out. In and out it went with a very regular rhythm. There was some discomfort, but there was also a considerable amount pleasure. Every time that her finger slid greasily out of my ass it felt like I was having good shit. After a minute or two of this steady butt-fucking I knew that I was really enjoying the sensation. Anna must have realised too because she said quietly. �I&#8217;m not doing much here you know? You&#8217;re doing it all yourself.�
With a slight start, I realised that she was right. Without realising, I had started to push and pull with my hips so that I was butt-fucking myself with her finger.
I felt my cheeks start to glow with the shame of enjoying such a perverse pleasure in such a submissive situation, but then a strange thing happened. I simply thought &#8216;fuck it, I&#8217;m handcuffed and helpless and a strange woman has her finger up my ass &#8211; but what the hell, I&#8217;m going to enjoy it.&#8217; And with that thought I stopped worrying so much and simply got on with savouring the sensation of sliding up and down Anna&#8217;s finger.
The fun didn&#8217;t last for too long though. After another minute had passed there was a shrill electronic bleeping from beside us. After the fourth set of electronic bleeps Anna sighed, reached across to the small suitcase and retrieved her cell phone.
�Yes?� she demanded impatiently. She listened for a few seconds.
�Right now?�
She listened some more, swore quietly under her breath and then said. �Ok, I&#8217;m coming now.�
Anna sighed, pulled her finger out of my ass and then picked me up off her knee and sat me down on the bed. 
As she pulled on her towelling robe she gave me a stern look. 
�Don&#8217;t you move now! I will be back in a minute and if you have moved a single inch I am going to spank you so hard you won&#8217;t be able to sit down for a week. Understand?!�
I nodded and watched her walk into the room next door. Pam gave me a look of pure hatred and then the connecting door closed behind them.
I was worried. What if Pam revealed that I was an intruder, an uninvited guest with only a distant acquaintance with Tanya. I could be in real big trouble. Despite Anna&#8217;s warnings, these thoughts propelled me into motion. 
I rose unsteadily to my feet then with a series of hops and shuffles, I made my way across the room to the main door. It seemed to take me ages to move across the room with my bound ankles. As I passed the dresser, I caught sight of myself in the mirror. My arms were stretched out straight behind me, with the silver and black circles around my wrists and elbows. But it was my face that looked the strangest with the lower half of it completely distorted by the big read gag wedged between my lips with my nose poking out above it. Anna had been right about my panties, they were half-rolled up just below the level of my hips and looked like they were about to fall down completely at any moment. And of course, my hair was a mess, hanging in long dishevelled brown strands down to my shoulders. 
Turning my back to the door, I tried the handle with my bound hands. My heart sank as I found the handle to be rigid and unmoving, but moments later it soared again later when I felt underneath the handle and felt the lock turn in response to my pressure. I pulled the door open and hopped into the corridor outside feeling like an animal released from a trap. 
Outside, the corridor was quiet and empty. There was no sign of anyone. I looked up and down the corridor, not knowing what the hell I should do. One end of the corridor with a set of emergency stairs was less than ten yards away, so I turned in that direction and started hopping which had a bad effect on my panties which had not been properly pulled up after Pam&#8217;s investigation of my pussy. 
As I hopped towards the end of the corridor I felt them move around my hips. After a couple of hops they fell completely off my hips and slid down my thighs to lodge at my knees. By the time I reached the end of the corridor they were hanging off the belt around my ankles. My fortunes seemed to be following a definite downward spiral. With every few minutes that passed I seemed to lose either more of my clothing or find new restraints being placed around my limbs. My nakedness only added to my desperation and need to escape or hide. 
At the end of the corridor two doors faced each other. One had a sign saying �Fire Exit� in big red letters above the door, and the other had a small sign in the middle of it saying �Staff only�. 
I backed myself up against the staff only door and tried the handle. I felt it give and I entered with an awkward combination of sideways shuffling and backward hops using my bound hands to steady myself against the door. 
It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the low level of light inside the store room, which was lit only by a single dim bulb. The air inside the dingy room was stale and smelled of chemicals like toilet cleaner and furniture polish. The wall along one side was lined with storage racks full of cardboard boxes and more boxes were piled on top of each other in the corners of the room.
Halfway down one wall a shelving unit full of toilet rolls and bottles of bleach stood out from the wall into the middle of the room. It was full of soap and towels but it looked like it might be a good place to hide behind. I managed to hop and shuffle my way past the boxes and around the edge of the shelving unit. I was so intent on trying to listen for sounds of pursuit in the corridor that I had gone right past the edge of the shelving unit before I realised that I was not alone in the room &#8211; the space on the other side of the shelving unit was already occupied. 
Two women who each looked to about mid-twenties were standing in the corner where the shelving unit met the wall. They were frozen like a statue carved from a single piece of flesh. Their bodies were pressed up against each other, with arms, bodies and faces interconnected at various points. Both were wearing beige skirts and short-sleeved jackets over cream-coloured blouses. They obviously worked in the hotel as maids. 
The one closest to me was about my height with masses of curly blonde hair. The one in the corner was a couple of inches shorter with shoulder-length wavy brown hair and she had her blouse undone and wide open and her skirt unfastened and pulled down around her hips. I noticed that one of the blonde&#8217;s hands was inside the other woman&#8217;s bra while her other hand was buried inside the brunette&#8217;s panties. The brunette had in the process of unfastening the buttons on the front of the blonde&#8217;s blouse when I came hopping around the corner. They looked almost comical as they stood with their faces close together, peering wide-eyed at me out of the corners of their eyes. 
We all stared at each other for a second. In an instant I realised that I had come across two hotel staff who had obviously bunked off for a quick fuck but judging by the stunned expression on their faces it looked like they were having a much harder time working out who or what I was. The two women moved apart with slowly widening eyes as they took in my appearance, the gag, the cuffs and strap, the lack of clothes and my naked pussy. I noticed that both of their eyes kept returning to my tits and pussy as if they were objects of great interest. 
As they began to realise that I was not a member of staff, they relaxed visibly. 
I heard the blonde say �What the fuck is this?� as she pulled her hand out of the top of the brunette&#8217;s panties. 
For some weird reason I felt that I should apologise for disturbing them and made a kind of �aahhhheeeehhh!� sound through the gag. Then with a sideways lurch, I tried to hop back the way I had come. 
The brunette caught hold of my arm and dragged me sideways towards them. �Look at this.� She hissed.
�What?� The blonde looked at her blankly.
�This!� The brunette pointed to the cuffs on my wrists. �Does that look like the sort of thing that your average guest wears?�
�Uh, waddya mean?� 
�Look, people come here to meet up, have sex and then go home right?�
�Uh, yeah I suppose so.� The blond still looked confused.
�So the average guests don&#8217;t go tying each other up and stuff like that do they?�
The blonde thought about it. �I guess not.�
�So she can&#8217;t be an average guest then can she?�
�Eh?� The blonde looked completely bewildered.
The brunette leaned close to her and whispered �So she must be a special guest. And what special guests do we have at the moment?�
The blonde thought about it for a few seconds and then her face lit up with a smile. �You mean those people in 48 and 49?�
�That&#8217;s right!.� The brunette nodded. Then she turned to me and looked me up and down. �You want that we should let you go?�
I nodded my head vigorously and started making positive-sounding �mmmrhh� noises through the gag.
�I got a better idea.� The brunette gave me a sneering look. �How about we call hotel security, maybe even the police. Find out who did this to you?�
I stopped nodding and making noises and stared at her. The last thing I wanted to become involved in any kind of scandal.
After a long pause, the brunette sneered at me. �Didn&#8217;t think so.�
She turned back to face the blonde. �For sure she&#8217;s with them in 48. They&#8217;ve been doing stuff and gone too far I bet.�
�So, we gotta let her go then don&#8217;t we?�
�No you dummy, we don&#8217;t gotta let her go. Think about it!� The brunette seemed quite irritated that the blonde was taking so long to catch on to whatever it was that she had in mind.
�So what are we going to do with her?� 
�We have a bit of fun with her ourselves don&#8217;t we?� The brunette had an evil look in her eye as she grinned at her lover. 
�You mean. . � started the blonde with dawning comprehension.
�That's right.� Continued the brunette. �We take her back to the room and do what we want with her.�
�Do you think we can?�
�Why not? You know what those people are like, always talking about &#8216;privacy&#8217; and &#8216;discretion&#8217; and handing out money.� 
The blonde nodded as her workmate-lover continued. �Trust me. People like that don&#8217;t want no trouble. If they&#8217;re doing something kinky and one of them wanders off and then ends up in my bed or your bed, I don&#8217;t see anyone running to the manager to complain. Do you?�
�You could be right.� The blonde grinned as she looked at my tits.
I shook my head urgently from side to side, and started squealing and trying to make imploring �nnnhh� noises.
The brunette looked at me coldly. �Unless of course you&#8217;d like us to call security and tell them we found you wandering around like the corridors like this.� Her grip tightened as she shook me by the arm, leaned over and whispered in my ear. �And maybe we should call the police while we&#8217;re at it, and tell &#8216;em we reckon there&#8217;s something mighty strange going on in those rooms.� 
I stopped shaking my head and glared at her.
�Well?� she demanded after letting her words sink in for a moment �Is that what you want?�
I groaned and shook my head to say no, then looked away in despair.
The brunette continued. �Right! We take her downstairs, have our bit of fun and then if she wants to complain about it she can go and see the manager and say whatever she wants.� Then she winked at me and leaned over to whisper in my ear again. �Tell the truth sister, I reckon by the time we&#8217;ve done with you, you ain&#8217;t gonna have no complaints about the room service here anyhow.�
I snorted through my nose in helplessness and frustration. I knew that there was nothing else I could do. I couldn&#8217;t escape from these two, and I didn&#8217;t want to see the security people or be taken to the manager&#8217;s office. I had no option but to go along with them.
Suddenly the blonde spoke. �Hold on, how are we going to get her back to the room?�
�In that.� The brunette nodded towards the far end of the store room. Turning my head, I groaned loudly when I saw that they were looking at a large wicker laundry basket with wheels. It was sitting next to a battered-looking service elevator. 
At that point, a faint noise from the corridor reached our ears and we all stopped. I expected the door to open at any second and Pam or Anna&#8217;s face to appear.
�Go and lock that door.� The brunette whispered and roughly pulled me to one side while the blonde pushed past me. She walked over to the door I had come in through, put her ear to it and listened for a second and then took a key from her pocket and quietly locked the door.
The brunette moved behind me, put her arms around my chest and pulled me backwards. I squawked in panic as she dragged me backwards across the floor. When we reached the basket she waited for the blonde and then said. �Open the basket and take her feet.�
I watched helplessly as the mouth of the basket opened before me to reveal a mass of crumpled white sheets. The blonde took hold of my ankles and I was lifted into the air, swung over the side of the basket and unceremoniously dumped inside it. 
I just had time to see their faces grinning down at me before another used sheet was dropped on top of me. They sniggered to themselves as they closed the basket and fastened the lid.
I lay there with my legs bent, knees almost touching my nose, partially lying on my bound arms. I was fucked. I was completely helpless and I knew it. 
I heard one of them say something about going downstairs to see if the coast was clear or not and then I heard the rattling and banging of the service lift door as it was opened and then closed, shortly followed by the clunk and whine of the motors as the lift descended. 
I pushed upwards with my knees. The lid of the basket creaked and gave slightly but would not open. I whimpered to myself, it had been fastened properly. Then I wriggled around to lie on my side, partly to relieve the pressure on my bound arms and partly to see if I could do anything to free myself. The hand cuffs were completely and relentlessly unforgiving. I flexed and twisted my arms and all I did was bruise my wrists and make the skin sore. The strap around my elbows was painfully pulling my arms together, making it impossible for me to try and slip my wrists down around my waist. Lying in that cramped twisted position in the basket all I could do was try and reach the strap around my ankles, but the basket was too cramped for me to get a good grip on my ankles with my hands. I did manage to just about get hold of the strap but only to find that the buckle which held the strap together was fastened at the front of my ankles, away from the reach of my fingers. With some difficulty and a lot of patience, I began to pull the strap and found that although it was tight, with a bit of pushing and pulling, it could be moved slowly around my ankles. Apart from that all I could do was lie there with the sheet over me and wait to see what would happen next. I could hear nothing inside the stuffy basket except my own laboured breathing through my nose and around the gag and the creak of the basket as I tried to shift my weight to ease the pressure on my aching arms. 
I should my head in disbelief at the desperate situation that I was in. Surely this was some nightmare from which I would soon wake up! Apart from fear and panic, I was also feeling very angry, and if I hadn&#8217;t been so securely bound I think I would have tried to kick myself up the ass. This was all my own fault. I had allowed my obsession with Tanya to come to dominate my life, and this was the result. 
If Tanya could see me now, I bet she would laugh at me and tell me that this was the perfect place for me. I recalled that breakfast, the morning after our amazing night of bondage and love making. She had looked at me over her coffee cup and told me that as soon as we had met in the bar she had known from my eyes that I was deeply submissive and secretly longed to be dominated and used by a dominant female. 
In the days that followed that night of crazed passion, her words repeatedly returned to torment me. It didn&#8217;t fit well with the way I thought about myself as an enlightened 21st century woman. Then one morning, about a week after our night together I was cleaning my teeth and it suddenly hit me: In all the bondage magazines and videos that I had sneakily bought and looked at over the years, I had always identified with the person who was tied up or being fucked against her will. I stared at myself in the mirror. Tanya was right and I didn&#8217;t know how I could have ever thought otherwise, it was my pride and the way I wanted the world to see me that were out of step with my inner reality. 
Once I had come to terms with this aspect of my sexuality I knew that I had to go back for more, and that was when my obsession with Tanya had really started to take off. I remembered my joy when I called Tanya and she seemed quite keen to meet up for a date. That was followed by the crushing disappointment of cancellation when &#8216;something came up&#8217; at work. After the second cancellation and some difficulties in contacting her I became so desperate that I was finding it difficult to sleep at night. That was when I decided to do or say whatever I had to in order to get to meet her again, which meant using the business card that I had stolen from her purse and.
Which of course was how I had ended up here, bound and gagged in a basket and waiting to be used as a sex slave by a couple of women I&#8217;d never met before. 
After a few minutes, I had managed to slide the strap around my ankles almost to the point where I could reach the buckle with my fingers when I heard the unmistakable mechanical sounds of the lift starting again. The doors clattered open and there was some whispering and giggling before the laundry basket lurched suddenly into life. With much bumping and jerking the basket was rolled into the lift and I then heard the lift doors shutting behind us. After the lift reached its destination, I was wheeled a bit further before I heard a door being unlocked. The basket then moved on a bit more before coming to a stop. 
The top of the basket opened, the sheet on top of me was whipped away and the next thing I knew the brunette was reaching into the basket and hooking her arms under my armpits while the blonde took hold of my feet. They pulled me out and stood me up tottering on my bound feet as I looked around. I was in a drab grey-painted room that contained three single beds and assorted furniture. Pictures of rock stars, groups and football stars were plastered all over the walls and various items of female clothing were strewn around the floor and furniture. 
My new friends walked around me, looking me up and down, touching me lightly here and there. The blonde stroked my breasts with the back of her hand and said �Nice tits!� in an approving voice. Then she bent forwards and started to sniff my neck. Behind me, the brunette seemed to be doing something similar and I felt the light touch of their fingertips, noses, lips and tongues all around my neck, shoulders, and tits. Their exploratory touches were so light and delicate that it was like static electricity across my skin, bringing me out in goose pimples of excitement that I was desperate to ignore. I turned my face to the ceiling and bit on the great rubber ball filling my mouth as I tried to stop my body from responding.
After a minute, the brunette grasped my left breast and started running her tongue around my nipple. The warm, wet slipperiness of her tongue on my teat had an even greater stimulatory effect on me and I closed my eyes and tried to fight the faint tingling sensation in my pussy. Seconds later I felt her take my nipple right into her mouth and bite it gently. A few seconds after that and she was sucking it hard and the sensations in my pussy were becoming difficult to ignore. I looked down just as the blonde took my right nipple into her mouth. 
I had never had both of my nipples sucked at the same time before. It was a fantastic experience, although all I could do was roll my eyes and flex my hands uselessly behind my back as my tits were devoured.
The combined tit-sucking went on for a minute or two and then I felt a light touch against my stomach. Looking down, I saw the brunette&#8217;s hand slide downwards over my belly until it reached my pubes. Her finger tips moved around in circles across the tops of my pubes for a few seconds,&nbsp; feeling their curliness and length. Then her hand moved lower and started stroking the skin inside my thighs. Her hand moved upwards in slow strokes until it reached the soft smooth skin at the very top of my thighs. Then she took hold of my pussy, feeling its size and warmth. 
My legs were tied together at the ankles but that was no obstacle to the brunette and her fingers slowly pushed and wriggled their way between my thighs. Despite the lack of space between my thighs, her fingers managed to find the lips of my labia. I had to bite down on the gag really hard to stop myself from groaning out loud as a finger worked its way between the lips of my labia and into my greasy groove. 
I was squirming with pleasure and helpless embarrassment at having a finger inserted in my pussy when I felt a hand on my buttocks. I looked up to find the blonde staring straight into my eyes. She removed her lips from my nipple for a second and grinned at me as she reached behind me and slid finger into the groove at the top of my buttocks. The exploring finger moved downwards, found a secret place and began to explore. I clenched my buttocks, determined to keep the intruder out. 
My resistance brought an even wider grin from the blond who removed her finger, put it in her mouth for a few seconds and sucked on it. Then she reinserted her hand into my ass and started fingering my anus again. This time the prying finger would not be resisted. It pushed and picked gently at my anus until it found a weak point, worked a fingernail into the crevice and levered my sphincter open. I shuddered and groaned as I felt the blonde&#8217;s finger wriggle inside my ass. Within seconds my ass hole was being rhythmically pushed and pulled, in and out.
I was helpless. All I could do, was watch my two captors while I made �nnuuhh� noises through the gag while my hands made empty grasping and writhing motions behind my back as my tits were sucked, my pussy rubbed and my ass pumped. 
After a couple of minutes I was forced to completely give in to the pleasure. The brunette&#8217;s finger was rubbing my clit vigorously and the blonde&#8217;s finger was driving in and out of my ass &#8211; I couldn&#8217;t help myself. Waves of ecstatic sensation were spreading outwards across my body from my crotch, building and growing in intensity as their fingers fucked me faster and faster. I closed my eyes and stared up at the ceiling and groaned into the gag as the first waves of orgasm rippled through my body. Then the finger moving back and forth over my clit suddenly ceased its sensual movements and was withdrawn from between my legs. A few seconds later I felt the other finger slide out of my ass. I opened my eyes and stared in exasperation at them.
The brunette grinned at me. �Enjoying that were you?�
I looked away and blew out loudly through my nose. 
�Do you want us to go on, and finish you off?� She continued.
They had taken me almost to the point of orgasm and I needed to come. I rolled my eyes and stared up at the ceiling, but there was nothing I could do. I wanted to come, I had to come. So after a few seconds I looked at her and nodded. 
�Good!� The brunette giggled and pushed her finger between my legs again. But then she stopped, without actually touching my clit. �But if we do this for you, you&#8217;ve got to do something in return for us. Understand?�
I could guess what it was that they wanted, but I was past the point of caring. I gave another nod, but still the brunette&#8217;s finger did not return to its sensual stroking.
�And that means whatever we want!� She said persistently.
I rolled my eyes again with the shame of the way in which I was so cheaply willing to submit to their demands in return for an orgasm. And then I gave another small nod.
�Excellent!� shouted both of them almost in unison. I felt the brunette&#8217;s finger tip rub across my clit just and a pair of hungry mouths clamped themselves to my teats just before the blonde&#8217;s finger found its way straight back up my ass hole.
This time the twiddling, rubbing, constantly moving fingers showed no mercy and moved ever faster. I had never before had a finger up my ass at the same time as having someone rub my clit. Neither had I ever had both my nipples sucked at the same time and the combination of all these things at once was amazing. I could barely stand upright as waves of pleasure spread out across my body magnifying and enhancing the feelings coming from other parts of my body. Soon I was shuddering and shaking, trying to shout and gasp into the gag as I came to a tottering, shuddering, snorting orgasm. 
After my snorting and groaning reached fever pitch, the two women slowed their relentless fingers and slowly withdrew their hands from my pussy and ass. They sat down together on a bed with arms around each other&#8217;s shoulders and simply watched me in the throes of orgasm. 
As I cooled down, they continued to stare at me, sniggering and grinning at the state that I was in. I felt totally worn out. I was not used to standing up after an orgasm, and I teetered precariously on my bound feet, barely able to stay upright. My hair was half hanging in front of my eyes and I could tell that my body was covered with sweat. It had been a strange experience, to be bound and gagged, standing up and then worked over by two women at the same time. 
The brunette shook her head at me. �Jeepers, it didn&#8217;t take long to rub you off did it? You&#8217;re really into this bondage shit aren&#8217;t you?�
As I stood there swaying, teetering and swearing I felt my cheeks start to glow red. She was right and I knew it. It was one thing to be tied up and fucked by someone that I knew like Tanya. But to be helplessly bound and fucked by not one, but two, complete strangers. This was something new, a deeper level of submission and humiliation. Here, I was bound, gagged, and naked with my panties around my ankles and my body covered still sweating and trembling from the aftermath of a powerful orgasm in front of the two strangers who had brought me to the point of ecstasy with their fingers in a matter of minutes. There had been virtually no resistance from me at all. I stood before them, guilty, shame and humiliation while they giggled at me. 
�She liked that!� Declared the brunette. �Looks like she&#8217;s red hot.� 
�She&#8217;s not the only one.� The blonde replied as she turned and kissed her companion full on the lips. 
The blonde pushed her companion back onto the bed and shifted her position to allow better access to the brunette&#8217;s body. As they French kissed I saw the blonde&#8217;s hand unzip the brunette&#8217;s skirt and disappear down the front of her panties. Meanwhile the brunette was busy pulling the blonde&#8217;s blouse out of her skirt and fumbling with the buttons on the front of it. Pretty soon each of them had one hand inside the other&#8217;s bra and the other hand inside her partner&#8217;s knickers. After a few minutes of this frenzied fumbling they parted in order to get rid of their drab beige uniforms and whatever items of clothing were holding back their exploring, caressing fingers.
The blonde dropped her skirt and kicked it under the bed. The brunette had already taken her own skirt off and was busy pulling her top off. The blonde started to pull her panties off then stopped and shoved a hand down the front of them to feel around inside her pussy. 
�I am soaking wet!� she exclaimed as she pulled her fingers out and held them up for her fried to see. �This is such fun! What happens now?� The blonde laughed as she kicked off her panties and started to unfasten her bra 
The brunette finished removing the last of her clothes and looked at me as she replied. �She licks our pussies.� 
�Me first!� The blonde squealed as she tossed her bra to one side. �I&#8217;ve gotta come soon or I&#8217;ll explode!�
The brunette had a body like Pam, quite short and stocky, with wide hips, ample breasts and smooth, light brown skin. What she didn&#8217;t have was the muscles that Pam had in her upper arms. She didn&#8217;t them though, I was already bound and helpless.
I made quiet �nnnrrhhh!� noises to myself around my gag as I returned her gaze.
�You are going to do what we want aren&#8217;t you?� The brunette asked as she moved to stand directly in front of me. �It&#8217;s like I said. If you want, we can just take you up to see the manageress right now and get this all sorted out.�
I glared at her.
�It&#8217;s entirely up to you.� She continued. �If you don&#8217;t wanna get acquainted with the boss, you&#8217;d better get acquainted with us.� And with that she raised a hand and pointed. I followed the direction that she was indicating and saw the blonde was lying back on the bed presenting her pussy for my inspection. Her legs were wide apart, she had one hand on her right knee and the other draped across the inside of her left thigh &#8211; lightly stroking her pussy.
I really did not want to end up having to explain how come I&#8217;d been found bound and gagged and naked inside a laundry basket in a lift. I gave a snort that was a mixture of anger, humiliation and resignation and nodded my head. 
The brunette clapped her hands and shouted �Way to go!�
The brunette, put her arms around me, pulled me to the edge of the bed and sat me down. Before I had time to think, she picked my feet up and pulled them up so that I ended up lying on the bed. Then she rolled me over onto my stomach in the middle of the bed. 
The blonde threw a leg over my head and slid herself down into position in front of me. My nostrils were filled with the damp pungent scent of pussy while all I could see was the mass of curly hairs and wrinkled pink skin of the blonde&#8217;s pussy, only two or three inches from my nose. 
I felt the brunette take hold of the buckle of the ball gag at the back of my neck and start to work away at it. The stifling tightness of the strap came loose around my head and then the awful bulk of the gag itself was pulled from my mouth. I flexed my jaws, opening and shutting my mouth with the joy of being freed from that awful thing in my mouth. However, I hardly had chance to appreciate the freedom of being ungagged.
The next thing I knew, there was the steady pressure of a hand against the back of my neck. The blonde wriggled down towards me a little more and I found my face being pushed into the springy warmth of her pussy. For an instant I tried to fight against the pressure, pushing back with my head, but the hand at the back of my head was too strong. Giving in to the inevitable I opened my mouth and touched her pussy with my tongue. For the second time in my life I knew the warm salty taste of another woman&#8217;s pussy. 
First of all I just slid my tongue along the outside. Once again amazed at how soft and malleable it was. Then I found the bud of the blonde&#8217;s clit and sucked gently on the little fleshy nub, feeling the blonde&#8217;s body quiver in response. I became more adventurous and ran the end of my tongue down the crease between the inner and outer lips of the blonde&#8217;s labia. The strong scent and unique taste of the blonde&#8217;s pussy filled my senses and I suddenly felt that I wanted to really taste this woman, to saturate my taste buds with her cunt juices and experience her at some deep, inner level. So I pushed the flat surface of my tongue hard between the inner lips of her labia and then raised my head to give the blonde&#8217;s cunt a huge long slurp. The blonde sighed aloud, moved her thighs in response at the same time as she pulled on the back of my head and thrust her groin into my face. 
I kind of liked the way that the blonde responded, so I kept licking away at the girl&#8217;s cunt, feeling her thighs and hips writhed in response to what I was doing. 
Then I decided to explore a bit more and sent my tongue probing into the molten recesses of her vagina, sampling the tangy juices and feeling the ribbed inner surface. After that I started nibbling on the girl&#8217;s clit, flicking my tongue back and forth across it. The blonde couldn&#8217;t handle that level of stimulation for too long and soon I felt her fingers clutching and pulling at my hair as she groaned wildly and thrashed her hips around. I didn&#8217;t want to mess around with trying to take her to the point of orgasm and then backing off or anything like that. I wanted to do the minimum that I had to, so I simply sucked and licked her clit and brought her to orgasm.
Then it was over, and the blond lay there in front of me, gasping and gently patting me on the head. I lay quietly with my mouth, nose and lower face soaked with her cunt juices and my own saliva. The brunette allowed several minutes to pass before she reminded her friend that it was her turn next.
The blonde sat up with a groan, leaned over me and gave me a kiss on my cheek before hauling herself off the bed. The darker haired woman sat down next to me, smiled and then swung her legs around so that my bound body lay between her legs. She adjusted her position and for the second time in twenty minutes or so I found myself staring straight at a pussy that belonged to someone I didn&#8217;t know and that was so close to my face that I could hardly focus on it. 
The brunette reached out and put her hand on the back of my head to give me a bit of encouragement. I wriggled forwards slightly and lowered my face towards the dark mass of the brunette&#8217;s pussy. One thing that struck me immediately was the difference in the aroma of this girl&#8217;s pussy, it had a kind of deeper, more musky scent. As I opened my mouth to greet it with my tongue I wondered if the taste would be different too. A second later my tongue slid into her slit and I knew that the answer was yes, it did seem to have a stronger smell and taste, somehow more pungent. As I got down to work on the brunette&#8217;s pussy part of my mind idly wondered about why I should have been surprised at all at this difference. I suppose it was just that I was so new to eating pussy. The shape of the brunette&#8217;s cunt seemed different as well. As I ran my tongue around her cunt, her clit was definitely bigger and fatter and the lips of her labia seemed larger as well. 
As I explored the shapes and tastes of the brunette&#8217;s cunt I realised with a guilty pang that I was quite enjoying myself. Until my recent experience with Tanya, I had often wondered about what it would be like to actually have sex with another woman. It had been something that I had thought and fantasised about many times, especially when boyfriends had proved particularly inadequate in bed. But I had always been too nervous to actually do anything about until that fateful night when Tanya came strolling across to me in that bar. Now, I was rapidly becoming a connoisseur of female genitalia. As I whipped my tongue back and forth over the brunette&#8217;s clit and felt her body move in response, I had to admit that it was something that I could imagine getting used to.
I licked, lapped, sucked and slurped at the brunette&#8217;s cunt until I had her thrashing around on the bed groaning and shouting �Oh God� all around the room. 
After the brunette&#8217;s orgasm I felt quite pleased with myself. I had managed to bring both of them to orgasm without any difficulty, and this was only my second ever lesbian experience. 
I rested my aching neck muscles and wondered if they would be nicer to me now, but my hopes were short-lived. I suddenly felt someone took hold of the belt around my ankles and pull my feet up off the bed. I raised my head and looked over my shoulder just in time to see the blonde pass another leather belt between my feet and around the one that was already holding my ankles together. 
�What are you doing?� I said as I squirmed and tried to kick back with my legs. The blonde ignored my question and protests and responded by pulling my feet back towards my head. Then, I felt something being passed between my wrists and felt something pulling my wrists and ankles towards each other. I struggled and whined as my feet were pulled slowly and relentlessly towards my hands, but the blonde just smiled to herself and carried on hog tying me. My feet were only inches away from my hands when the blonde finished pulling the belt and buckled it tight. I was now even more helpless than ever. A hog tied package of naked female flesh. 
�Look, please just let me . . ooowwwhh!� My words turned into a shriek as the blond suddenly slapped my buttock hard. 
My scream ended with a sudden &#8216;glug&#8217; as something hard and round was forced into my mouth. Angrily, I shook my head from side to side trying to resist the gag, but the blonde put the base of her hand behind it to apply an irresistible pressure and the slimy rubber ball slid back into place behind my teeth. 
I snorted through my nose with anger and shook my head repeatedly as I the blonde fastened the buckle behind my head. Then it was done. The gag was back in place and I was glaring impotently at my blonde tormentor. 
The blonde pushed me onto my side and smiled at my newly-gagged discomfort. �Don&#8217;t look like that!� She said with mock concern. �You did a great job, and it looked really sexy you sucking her pussy all tied up like that.� 
With that, she leaned forward and gave me a big kiss right on the cheek.. 
Then she started kissing my throat and neck. At the same time, she ran the edges of her fingernails lightly between my breasts and slowly down to the top of my pubes. The sensation of the blonde&#8217;s nails as she ran them back and forth across my stomach and breasts set my skin tingling. Soon the blonde was running her finger nails across my shoulder blades, down my arms and over the curves of my buttocks. Then she ran her fingers over the backs of my thighs and along the edge of my bottom. 
As her hand moved round to stroke the front of my thighs, I wondered if I should part my legs or not. That hot, liquid sensation was building up in my pussy again, but after everything that these two had put me through, it would have been too humiliating to join in so willingly. 
Undeterred, the blonde&#8217;s hand moved on over stomach, thighs and buttock &#8211; sometimes using the nails, sometimes the finger tips. After a couple of minutes, the blonde moved her mouth down from my neck to my breasts to run her tongue around and around my nipples. Soon she took a big swallow of my breast deep into her mouth and sucked hard on the nipple. I felt my nipples harden and stiffen in response and the fire in my pussy became harder to ignore.
This time, when the blonde moved her hand down to the tops of my thighs there was no resistance. I parted my legs without protest, opening them as wide as I could with my ankles bound. 
The blonde ran her fingers around the soft, smooth skin on the inside of my thighs and then ran a finger tip upwards towards my buttocks, but it changed direction just before it touched my ass hole. With my tits being sucked and pussy being provoked, I started to move my hips back and forth expectantly thrusting my pussy forwards. For a couple of excruciating minutes, the blonde ignored my pussy as it grew hotter and wetter. 
Then with me pushing my hips further and further towards her and making small whining noises through my nose, the blonde eventually suddenly stopped sucking my tits, lowered her head and plunged her tongue deep into my liquid pussy. I groaned with satisfaction, rolled about on the bed and arched my back into the air as I pushed my pussy into the blond girl&#8217;s mouth. 
I knew that the situation I was in was very submissive and that I should be hating this, not enjoying it. I was bound, gagged and had another woman&#8217;s tongue running up and down my pussy, and I was loving it. I gave myself up to the blond and her flashing tongue; all I cared about now was reaching climax once again. The blond&#8217;s tongue danced all over my pussy. It curled itself around my clit and slid up and down my love bud with an incredibly stimulating abrasive feeling. Then it lapped at my vagina, slurping at my juices before leaving to suck the lips of my labia. 
When the blonde&#8217;s tongue returned to stimulating my clit, I felt a finger stealthily enter my vagina and explore and up and down the sides. After a minute or so the finger withdrew and moved backwards to look for a secret place between my buttocks. This time, I did not try to resist the intruder seeking to access to my anus, I simply relaxed the muscles of my ring as the finger insinuated itself inside my ass hole and started to work away in unison with the blond&#8217;s tongue. 
With the blonde&#8217;s finger and tongue working away together on my pussy and ass I tossed and turned on the bed, straining against the hog tie as I felt a deep and powerful orgasm starting to build within me. 
Then, as before, it suddenly stopped. I opened my eyes and looked up to see that the brunette had recovered and was sitting directly behind the blonde hugging her with one hand reaching around and fondling a breast and the other buried between the blonde&#8217;s thighs. I heard the brunette murmur into her lover&#8217;s ear. �Man, that is turning me on so much, I can&#8217;t watch anymore. I want some action too!�
�Mmmmrrrrhhhh!� I tried to shout out that I wanted to come first, but the gag scrambled my words and to my enormous irritation, the blonde seemed to lose interest in me as the brunette fingered her breasts and pussy. Both of them ignored my grunted protests as they started to French kiss again.
After a few minutes, the blonde pulled away giggling and jumped up from the bed. The brunette followed, caught hold of the blonde&#8217;s arms by the wrists and started to wrestle with her. She pulled the blonde close to her so that their tits and pudenda were being crushed against each other and then twisted the blonde&#8217;s arms behind her back and held them there as if they were tied. �Maybe I should tie you up eh?� The brunette said in a low voice. 
�I bet you&#8217;d like that wouldn&#8217;t you?� The blonde giggled, arched her back and struggled to break free.
�I like anything where I get to fuck you!� The brunette laughed as she grabbed both of the blonde&#8217;s hands in one of hers and whipped her free hand around between them and grabbed hold of the blonde&#8217;s pussy. I could see the brunette&#8217;s fingers working away as she held the blonde&#8217;s pussy. Both girls were giggling and squealing, and the blonde was struggling to break free, but it didn&#8217;t look like she was trying too hard.
The sight of these two naked young women wrestling with each other and playing with each other&#8217;s pussies only made my sexual frustration worse but all I could do was rock back and forth on the bed and �mmmmpph!� in frustration as I watched their sexy game. They struggled together for a minute or so until the blonde managed to break free. 
�Perverted bitch!� She called as she turned and lunged at her room mate. Both girls grappled with each other in front of me as each of them tried to grab the other&#8217;s pussy while trying to keep their lover&#8217;s hand from touching their own pussy. After a few minutes of wrangling like this, the brunette tried the same thing again but with a slight twsit. She grabbed the blonde&#8217;s hands by the wrists and wrapped her arms around the blonde&#8217;s waist so that the blonde&#8217;s hands were held behind her back again. Then she fell to her knees and shoved her face into the blonde&#8217;s cunt. 
I saw the blonde&#8217;s eyes widen and her mouth open in a silent shriek of pleasure as she struggled to pull her hands free from behind her back. They stood like this for a couple of minutes while and I watched in fascination and excitement. Even though the blonde wasn&#8217;t bound, she was still being immobilised with her hands held behind her back while someone ran their tongue around her most private regions. It was a bit like watching a live bondage event and it was really turning me on. I spread my legs apart a bit, reached down into my crotch as best I could and started to rub a finger up and down my pussy. 
The blonde, with eyes tightly shut, was twisting from side to side and shouting things like �Bitch, you&#8217;re not gonna make me come like this!� With a great lunge to one side she eventually managed to wrench one hand free and pulled the brunette&#8217;s arms away from her waist. The brunette recovered quickly, sprang to her feet and threw herself onto the blonde again, once more trying to get a hand to other girl&#8217;s cunt. Both girls collapsed onto the bed next to the one I was lying and continued their struggle. 
Legs flailed in the air and arms thrashed around as first the brunette and then the blonde seemed to be about to get on top of the other. The air was filled with giggles, squeaks, wild squeals of laughter and cries of �puta!� and �bitch!�. 
Eventually, the brunette managed to throw the blonde on her back on the bed. She immediately threw herself on top of her room mate and used her weight to keep the other pinned to the bed. Then she manoeuvred herself around slowly until they were almost in a sixty nine position. She lowered her face between the blonde&#8217;s thighs and started sucking her friend&#8217;s pussy. The blonde lay back and groaned, but she also put her hands on the other girl&#8217;s hips and pulled them towards her face. The brunette lifted a leg over the blonde&#8217;s face and they were in a perfect sixty nine. 
From where I lay, bound and gagged on the bed opposite, I had a good view of the whole show as the blonde reached above her head with one hand, grabbed a cushion and stuffed it under her head. With her head raised up her lips were just below the brunette&#8217;s pussy and the tip of her nose was poking into the brunette&#8217;s ass hole. As I watched, she placed both hands on the sides of the buttocks above her face and pushed her tongue into the other girl&#8217;s pussy.
Both girls were soon moaning and sighing, with their bodies rocking back and forth. I felt really desperate now. Not only had I been brought right to the point of orgasm and then denied release, but there were two attractive young women going head-to-tail on each other right in front of me. It was an incredible turn on, and although I hated to admit it, I think that being bound and gagged and forced to watch this was a great part of the turn on. 
So, I continued rubbing my pussy with my finger and thumb as best I could as I watched the orgy unfolding before me. My position was too restricted and uncomfortable for me to rub myself off properly, but it was better than nothing.
The groans of ecstasy coming from the two maids were increasing in volume and their bodies were shaking and rocking violently from side to side as their movements more urgent. But I had to be content with just lying there and rubbing myself as best as I could while the each of the other two brought their partner to a screaming climax
They seemed to climax together, but the brunette went on shouting and bucking her hips for a lot longer than the blonde. Eventually they stopped, rolled apart from each other off and lay on their backs breathing heavily. There followed a long period of silence as I watched the heaving of their breasts gradually slow and heard their heavy breathing quieten. 
Eventually, the blonde raised her head and yawned. When she saw me I saw a slight look of surprise cross her face as if she had already forgotten what they had been doing. She shook the brunette. �Hey! What are we going to do with her now?�
The darker haired girl raised her head and stared at me. 
�She can&#8217;t stay here.� The blonde pointed out
�I know that!� The brunette said as she sat up, pulled her knees up to her chin and stared at me for a few seconds.
Suddenly, she smile. �We could take her back!�
�Where to the store room?�
�No, dummy to number 48, where she must have come from.� 
The blonde looked uncertain. �Do you think that&#8217;s a good idea?�
�Sure! All we&#8217;re doing is returning their lost property heh?�
The blonde was looking nervous now. �But what are we going to say to them?�
The brunette grinned at her friend. �We won&#8217;t say nothing. We&#8217;re gonna put her in the basket, knock on the door and run for it.�. 
The blonde thought about it and nodded. �OK, Sounds like a plan to me.�
While they dressed, I strained and tugged at my bonds, rolled around on the bed and made loud �mmmmmphh!� noises as I tried to catch their attention. I desperately wanted to let them know that I didn&#8217;t want to go back. But it was useless, they simply ignored me . 
Hog tied and struggling, I was picked up off the bed and lowered back into the laundry basket. The lid was close and once again the basket creaked and shook around me as it was trundled outside and into the service lift. I heard the metallic clunking and sense of movement as the lift went up, after which I was wheeled through the store room. As we were coming out of the store room something unexpected seemed to happen. I heard the brunette say �Stop, stop!� and with a jolt, the basket stopped suddenly as it crashed against something that I guessed was the brunette&#8217;s leg. 
I heard the brunette whisper �Get back inside quick, they&#8217;re both there.�
The basket was pulled back a short distance and I wondered if she had seen Tanya with Pam or Anna. 
There was a whispered conversation between my two captors. After a few seconds I heard a creak as the store room door was slowly opened again. There was a pause and then I heard the brunette whisper. That was definitely them, the two from 48 and 49, they&#8217;ve gone downstairs. We may not even have to leave her in the corridor.�
�Whaddya mean?� Came the blonde&#8217;s response.
�I mean if there&#8217;s no-one in the room then we let ourselves in with the pass key and leave the basket inside the room instead of in the corridor when anyone might find it.�
�Oh.�
I heard the store room door opened again, followed the brunette&#8217;s voice again. �All clear, there&#8217;s no-one in the corridor.�
After the basket was trundled down the corridor it came to a stop and I heard someone knock quietly on a door. 
The brunette&#8217;s voice called out �Room service!� but there was no reply. A few seconds later I heard a door being unlocked and opened. 
The basket was wheeled forward a few more yards and then all movement stopped.
There were a couple of taps on the lid of the basket and the brunette&#8217;s voice came again. �Bye, bye. Been nice knowing yah.� This was followed by the sound of someone giggling and then I heard the room door shut and I was left in silence.
After half a minute I rocked around inside the basket for a bit and then stopped to listen. There was nothing, just silence. They had gone, leaving me hog tied and gagged in the laundry basket.
My earlier struggles had taught me that it was useless trying to pull my hands apart or to try and slip my wrists down past my bottom. So I concentrated on trying to reach the leather belt that secured my feet to my wrists. I rolled around and twisted about uncomfortably in the basked but I eventually managed to catch hold of it. Then I pulled it round until I felt the buckle. Catching hold of it, I unfastened it and pulled it out from between my ankles. Energise by this small victory I grabbed at the leather strap around my ankles and managed to catch hold of that. It didn&#8217;t take me too long to finish off pulling it around my ankles into a position where I was able to unfasten it. I felt a wonderful sense of release as the unrelenting band of tightness around my ankles relaxed and I was able to move my legs again.
Now that my legs were free I managed to get into a kneeling position in the basket. I pushed upwards against the lid with my head. The lid of the basket flipped open and I looked out once again into the room in which I had been bound and groped by Pam. Filled joy because the two maids had forgotten to fasten the lid down, I stood up and managed to step out of the basket.
I walked over to the door of the bathroom, squatted down with my back to it and then raised myself up slowly against the edge of the door. After several awkward and painful attempts I managed to balance myself and then shakily push myself upright so that I hooked the strap around my elbows underneath the door handle. Like that I was able to pull at the taught leather strap until I felt it slip a bit and its tightness lessen. After a minute or so it reached the point where it became loose and simply fell from my arms. 
I felt a great surge of joy as at this new freedom. Next, I walked over to the bed, sat down on the edge, bent my knees and slid my cuffed hands down over my buttocks. Being quite slim and it only required a bit of shaking and pulling and I was able to work my lower arms down around the sides of my bottom. Sitting back on the edge of the bed I raised my right foot and stepped backwards with it back between my two forearms and over the hand cuffs. Then I did the same thing with the other foot. 
Now I had my cuffed hands in front of me instead of behind which allowed me to reach the ball gag in my mouth and pull it out. My spirits soared, I was almost free now. 
I ran across the room to the door, checked that it was locked and then dragged a chair across and wedged it under the handle. Then I went over to Pam&#8217;s big black sports bag and started looking through it. I was amazed by what I found in it. I pulled out several handfuls of rope, lots of leather straps as well as some strange looking big pieces of black leather with straps and buckles on them.&nbsp; In addition to various dildos of different sizes and design, there were numerous pairs of handcuffs, several lengths of chain and various ball gags. The bottom of the bag was strewn with small pad locks. The bag was absolutely stuffed full of bondage gear and sex toys.
I bit my lip in frustration as I searched through the bag. There were all these hand cuffs and locks, but no keys! Then I tried a small pocket at one end of the bag and pulled out two key rings, each of which held a small collection of keys. It took me several long minutes of struggling with the small silver keys, but at last I felt one slide in snugly into place and then turn with a satisfying click. A few seconds later I breathed a huge sigh of relief as the metal bracelets opened and released their relentless grip on my wrists. 
Instead of doing the sensible thing and looking for my clothes, which were strewn about the room, I started to shove all the bondage gear and dildos back into the bag. I noticed that a dildo was lying on the floor and I reached down to pick it up wondering if it was the one that Pam had very nearly put into me. At that point, I noticed something that looked like a big flap of black leather lying on the floor next to the dildo.&nbsp; 
I picked up the big leather thing and saw that it had several straps and buckles hanging off. Confused, I held it up by one end and looked at it. For a moment, I couldn&#8217;t work out what it was. A long tube of supple black leather with two sets of straps and buckles at the larger open end which tapered to a narrow closed end with a big brass ring at the very end. I had seen things like this before, in bondage magazines and videos, but I had never seen or handled one in real life before. I looked at it and shuddered as I wondered what it felt like to wear one.
�Put it on, I&#8217;ll suit you.� Said a voice from behind me.
I jumped at the sound and whirled round to find Pam standing in the doorway that connected with the room next door. I wanted to kick myself, I had forgotten about that door.&nbsp; She had a small, triumphant smile on her face, but even so my heart sank at the prospect of what she might have in store for me. 
The shock of being discovered started to wear off and I found my voice again. �Look Pam, I&#8217;m sorry. I didn&#8217;t mean to run .&nbsp; .&nbsp; Uh, let&#8217;s just talk shall we?� I said nervously.
�This is all a misunderstanding, I can explain . . 
My words trailed off as Pam shook her head at me. �I didn&#8217;t make myself clear did I? That was an order, not a suggestion. You&#8217;re going to put that single sleeve on, now.� 
I wanted to argue with her, to beg and plead with her but the smile had gone from her face and she looked might pissed off. 
�Oh please Pam.� I began. �Please let&#8217;s . .�
�Put it on!� She said angrily pointing towards the floor by the bed.
My legs were shaky now and I felt sick with fear. I just stared at her. There must be something that I could say, some plea that I could make. It wasn&#8217;t fair to almost escape and then be captured and bound again. 
Pam put her shoulder bag down. �You want another wrestling match is that it?�
My shoulders sagged and a wave of panic and fear rolled over me as I saw that she was serious.
�OK� She took a step towards me �It&#8217;s going to be the same result as before, but this time I&#8217;m not going to be so gentle.�
I saw Pam&#8217;s right hand clench into a fist at her side as she took another step towards me. �OK!� I cried in desperation. �I&#8217;ll do it.�
I knew that I should put up a fight, or at least make a show of doing so. But my heart wasn&#8217;t in it. Our last tussle had shown that Pam was far stronger than me and I didn&#8217;t want to find out what she meant by &#8216;not so gentle&#8217;. Besides, I knew that I had secretly enjoyed being tied and felt up by Pam before, and that combined with the chance to experience the restrictions of a single sleeve were too much for me. All the same, as I put my arms behind my back and struggled to get them both inside the mouth of the sleeve, I shivered as a feeling of shame passed over me even though I could feel my skin tingle with excitement at the prospect of whatever perils lay ahead. Putting the sleeve on wasn&#8217;t so easy, but as soon as I had got both arms part way into the sleeve Pam stepped in to help. She grabbed the sleeve by the straps and jerked it roughly up my arms. As the cool soft leather slid up my arms it pushed my hands and elbows towards each other. Several rough tugs ensured that my hands and wrists were firmly squashed against each other in the narrow snugness of the sleeve&#8217;s end.
Standing in front of me, Pam looped one strap over my left shoulder and buckled it tightly under my right breast and then brought the other strap over my right shoulder and fastened it. Next, she walked over to the bag of bondage gear and left me for a moment to stare at the black leather straps that criss-crossed my chest. 
When she returned, she was holding a short strap and several small pad locks. I watched as she attached a small padlock to each of the buckles and then tugged on each one to make sure that they were both fastened immovably. 
Next, she stepped behind me, took hold of my wrists and gripped them tightly. I heard another soft metallic click and then Pam let go of my wrists. I realised that the tightness around my wrists had not lessened after she had let go of them. I twisted my body and craned my neck to look over my shoulder and saw that Pam had fastened the leather strap around my wrists over the outside of the sleeve and had secured it with a small padlock. 
�What is it with the padlocks?� I asked nervously as it sank in that the way in which my arms were bound was now virtually escape-proof.
�Just a bit of extra security.� Pam replied as she sat down on the edge of the bed. �Don&#8217;t want you getting loose again do we?� She was smiling again now as she spoke, and I felt somewhat relieved to see this. 
She pointed to floor between her knees and I dropped to my knees in front of her, then sat back on my heels 
�So here we are again.� Pam woman murmured as she stared at my breasts. 
I opened my mouth to protest but she put a finger to her lips. �You speak when I tell you to. Otherwise you keep your mouth shut. Understand?�
With a small sigh, I nodded.
�Let&#8217;s start at the beginning. Who are you? And I don&#8217;t mean your name. I want to know what you do and why you&#8217;re here.�
I told her a bit about about my life, like where I lived and what I did. But Pam prompted me to move on. What she really wanted to know more about was how I had met Tanya. I started by telling her how I had always been a bit curious about lesbianism and how this interest had increased after a particularly unfulfilling relationship with a self-centred, rarely-sober no-hoper boyfriend had finally ground to a halt. I described in detail how Tanya and I had casually met in a bar. Upon hearing this Pam smiled and nodded, and muttered. �Typical Tanya!� Then she gave me a hard look and added. �It&#8217;s just a pity that the two of you couldn&#8217;t bear to be apart for a single night.�
�What do you mean?� I asked uncertainly.
�I mean that if you and Tanya had been able to control your lust for each other for a single night, then we might not have ended up in such a mess.�
A cold wave of guilt and shame washed over me as she spoke. I realised that I had earlier not made it clear that Tanya and I had only spent a single night together.
�What do you mean, for a single night?� I asked, dreading to hear what the reply would be.
�I&#8217;m saying that I would have expected Tanya to be more professional than this and that she should not have invited one of her lovers here to this place while we were working! Even worse, she shouldn&#8217;t have then tried to deny it.�
Wracked by guilt I hesitated for a few seconds, then swallowed and said quietly. �Actually, she didn&#8217;t invite me here. We only met that one time, that night a few weeks back.�
Pam stared at me with a look of shock and horror. �What?�.
At this point, I knew that there was only one thing for it. I was going to have to tell Pam everything. I told her how Tanya had discovered my stash of bondage magazines and had tied me up and fucked me senseless for several hours before untying me and fucking me some more in the more conventional fashion. Then I revealed that in the morning, after we had made love once again of course, I had peeked inside Tanya&#8217;s hand bag while she was showering and had found her business card and taken it. 
I had felt slightly ashamed by what I had done when Tanya had given me her cell phone number. 
But then time started to go by and Tanya proved to be a very hard lover to see again for a second date. I explained that Tanya and I had arranged to meet up again at Pandora&#8217;s, and Pam looked thoughtful and nodded when I told her how Tanya had cancelled at the last minute because something had come up at work and she &#8216;had to travel&#8217;. After that, two more dates were called off because of further pressure of work, even though Tanya kept assuring me that she really did want to see me. I admitted that I had eventually got to the stage where I was having difficulties thinking about anything else except Tanya and our night together, and I had taken to keeping my cell phone with me at all times and keeping it close to me, so that I could immediately see the number of the caller when it rang. 
Pam shook her head slightly and clucked in amazement. �Well, can&#8217;t say I blame you too much! Tanya really is something ain&#8217;t she?�
I told Pam that I had started to feel quite depressed after nearly three weeks without seeing Tanya since that first night and thought that I detected a faint look of sympathy. 
That that was the point at which I had decided to use the rather odd-looking business card that I had taken from Tanya&#8217;s bag. It had Tanya&#8217;s name and a cat symbol on it, but was unusual because there was no company name, and apart from an email address and a phone number, the card gave no other details. When I had called the number on the card I had somehow managed to get the girl who answered to tell me where Tanya was going to be tonight.
Pam closed her eyes and nodded as I told her this.
�Now it makes sense.� She said flatly. After a few seconds she opened her eyes again and looked directly at me. �And Tanya never told you anything about what she does?�
�No. Just that she was involved in organising events of some kind.�
Pam took hold of my chin and looked deep into my eyes. �So you have no idea what we do and why we are here?�
�That&#8217;s right.� 
�Well you don&#8217;t know how lucky you are sister.� She gave a dry chuckle and then went on. �Although it&#8217;s not so lucky for Tanya who I am sure would have preferred this information to have come out a couple of hours ago.�
A wave of guilt washed over me. �I didn&#8217;t get her into trouble did I?�
Pam gave me a rueful smile. �Let&#8217;s just say that in view of the apparent breach of our security arrangements I had a little talk with Tanya and when Tanya appeared somewhat uncooperative our talk ended up involving things like hand cuffs and straps and repeated contact between the palm of my hand and Tanya&#8217;s bottom.�
�Oh God!� I whispered as I pictured a bound Tanya bent over Pam&#8217;s knee having her ass spanked. It also gave me renewed respect for Pam and her physical strength, who was a few inches shorter than but had apparently been able to subdue and tie Tanya who was actually taller than me. 
�I wouldn&#8217;t worry too much.� Pam told me. �Knowing Tanya, she probably enjoyed it.�
Then Pam wanted to know where I had gone after I disappeared from Anna&#8217;s room. I told her how I had escaped by hopping down the corridor but had then encountered the two randy room maids. As I told her about the things that they had done to me, Pam&#8217;s eyes widened, and she put back her head and laughed.
It made me feel a bit happier and more secure to see Pam laugh, but I still felt sick to my stomach with regret and guilt over all the problems that my obsession with Tanya had caused. �Have I made a big problem, then for you and Tanya.� I asked when I had finished telling her about how I had ended up back in her room once again.
Pam looked at me coldly. �I guess it didn&#8217;t turn into such a big problem, but it could have done. If it hadn&#8217;t been for a bit of luck and quick thinking on my feet it could have been a real fucking mess!�
�I&#8217;m sorry, I really am.� I said and then felt compelled to gabble. �I didn&#8217;t mean to cause any problems for you or Tanya. Look, I really am sorry. If there&#8217;s anything that I can do to make it up to you, just tell me. I mean I really am sorry.�
Pam stared at me for a few seconds and a faint rueful smile started to spread across her face. �You know, as a matter of fact maybe there is something that you can do for me.�
�Sure, sure.� I muttered. �Anything, anything at all.�
Pam was smiling more warmly now. She sat up straight, reached behind her head and undid the knot holding her hair in place. As she shook her hair loose she stood up and slid her jacket off. When she started to undo the buttons of her blouse I began to have an idea of what she might want from me.
�What do you want me to do?� I asked quietly.
Pam dropped her blouse onto the bed and looked into my eyes as she reached behind her to unhook her bra. �I think you know what I want.� 
I felt my cheeks start to warm and had to look away. When I looked back, Pam&#8217;s bra had gone and I stared at her breasts with their big brown nipples as she unzipped her skirt and step out of it. I knew that I was in no position to complain, and 
I also had a strong feeling that I should do whatever it took to keep her happy and get the hell out of this nightmare that I gotten myself into.
Pam rolled her white panties down and kicked them off and I found myself staring at her naked body. Even though you could not say that Pam was slim you could see that a lot of her bulk looked like muscle. The upper parts of her arms wide but not flabby, and the muscles of her thighs and calves were quite well defined. Beneath the pleasantly rounded breasts her rounded belly rolled gently down to the dark bush of her pussy. All in all, she was quite an attractive package I thought as she walked towards me.
Pam took hold of my chin and raised my face so that she was staring down into my eyes. I was looking up into Pam&#8217;s eyes, but at the same time I was acutely aware that her pussy was less than a foot in front of my face. A moment of silent anticipation passed between us. Pam&#8217;s lips were slightly open and I could just see the white of her upper teeth as she gazed down at me, savouring her position of power.
�Are you going to be a good girl and lick my pussy?� She said softly.
I gave a small nod.
�Good! Now, get up and lie down on the bed.� Leaving me to get on the bed, she left me and walked over to the bag of bondage gear.
I got to my feet, fell onto the bed and rolled over until I was lying in the middle of it. Propping myself up as best I could on my leather-wrapped arms I looked round to find Pam walking back towards me across the room with another pair of handcuffs and leather strap in her hand. I knew that it was pointless complaining, so I watched in silence as Pam put the cuffs around my ankles and locked them together. Then she rolled me over onto my stomach and pulled my feet up into the air. I groaned but said nothing as she pulled my manacled ankles back towards my hands. I felt a pull on each shoulder where the straps crossed over as the sleeve was pulled downwards. I knew that the single sleeve had been connected to the metal cuffs around my ankles and that I was hog tied once again.&nbsp; 
Then Pam climbed onto the bed in front of and shuffled down so that my face was between her thighs and her pussy was almost touching the end of my nose. Pam ran her fingers through my hair for a moment and I looked up into her eyes through the curly hairs on the top of her pudendum. Then I her hand moved to the back of my head and pulled my face towards her pussy. With what was becoming a reflex response, I opened my lips and put out my tongue as my face was pressed into the springy mass of her pubes. 
I didn&#8217;t think about any kind of fore play or titillation, I simply put out my tongue as far as it would go and pushed it into Pam&#8217;s labia, sliding it down deep inside along the well-lubricated slippery walls as I tried to taste her.&nbsp; At the same time, I breathed in deeply and tried to analyse the smell of Pam&#8217;s pussy. She had a different aroma and taste to either of the two room maids. I couldn&#8217;t quite think of the words to describe it, it was almost a kind of fruity aroma. Pam shuddered as she felt my tongue delving into her labia and she pulled my face hard into her groin. 
Having satisfied my curiosity about Pam&#8217;s taste, I slowed down a little and started to gently lick at the lips of her labia. Soon I was nibbling gently and sucking on her clit and then I rolled my tongue around inside Pam&#8217;s vagina as she gripped my hair tighter and tighter. I tried to remember some of the things that Tanya had done to me and tried to practise them, sucking and pulling the lips of Pam&#8217;s labia and then flicking her clit with my tongue, before digging deep into her vagina with my tongue again. Pam was soon gasping and sobbing and rocking back and forth with her head thrown back and I could feel that her clit was swollen and throbbing as I wrapped my tongue around it and sucked it. Sensing that she was close to orgasm I eased off and used my tongue to explore her pubic bush and the smooth skin of her inner thighs. Then it was back to punishing her pussy again with my tongue. Soon her hips were bucking and shaking and this time I kept on whipping my tongue around her clit until I felt a powerful orgasm wrack Pam&#8217;s body. 
After her climax, Pam lay her head back and seemed to sleep for a while. My shoulders and knees were aching now from the hog tie but I didn&#8217;t bother to struggle. I was content to simply lie with my head resting against her inner thigh and try to keep as still as possible. I knew that escape was absolutely impossible, so I might as well let Pam rest and take the opportunity to study her pussy up close. I stared at this most private place of hers, with its ridges of pink wrinkled flesh, dark twisted hairs, the secret moist places with their heavy musky scent. 
After a while, Pam stirred, raised her head and smiled at me. Without a word, she moved down the bed to lie next to me and slid an arm around my shoulders. Gazing into my eyes she kissed me full on the lips, and then started kissing me all over my still-wet damp face. Soon Pam was using one hand to fondle one of my breasts and the other to stroke the insides of my thighs as we French-kissed. We passed several pleasant minutes like this, before I felt the first touch of Pam&#8217;s fingers on my pussy. Using the tips of her fingers, she lightly traced the contours of my cunt lips and the bud of my clit, which of course started the old familiar tingling sensation within my crotch almost immediately. The feelings of excitement grew deeper when Pam used her fingers to peel my cunt lips apart and slide a couple of fingers into my vagina. As the questing fingers explored the inner recesses of my pussy I moaned and began to move my hips, sliding up and down on her fingers inside me. After a minute, Pam withdrew her glistening finger and held it up between our faces. 
�Hmm, looks like you really do enjoy being tied up.� She said approvingly. Looking directly at me she slid the two wet fingers into her mouth and murmured. �Mmm.� as she sucked the cunt juice off them. 
Then Pam lowered her head, took one of my nipples into her mouth and at the same time used her two wet fingers to start tracing circles and patterns around my clit. I breathed in deeply as waves of pleasure rippled outwards from my clit and soon Pam had my arms and legs tugging and straining against their bonds as I thrashed around on the bed in helpless pleasure. Pam brought me expertly and quickly to the point of climax, and then suddenly, when I felt like was about to explode with an enormous orgasm she stopped and stood up from the bed. 
Godammit! I thought as I opened my eyes and watched her sauntered casually across the room to the bag, why do these bitches always do that! Take you to the edge and then stop.&nbsp; 
Pam searched inside the bag and found what she was looking for. When she turned back to me I saw that she had a dildo in each hand. Even though I was in a state of advanced arousal and ready for just about anything, the sight of the two dildos made me gulp.
�Two?� I asked nervously.
�Two.� Pam replied in a matter-of-fact tone that meant that I obviously had no choice in the matter. 
Climbing back onto the bed, Pam knelt down by my head, dropped one dildo onto the bed and held the other up in front of my face. As I looked down at the end of the bluntly rounded white plastic shaft as it hovered just beyond the end of my nose Pam took hold of my lower jaw with her free hand and pulled downwards gently. I realised that she wanted me to open my mouth and without protest I did as she wanted. I looked up at Pam and our eyes met as the cool smoothness of the dildo slid between my lips. Pam began to slowly slide the dildo in and out of my mouth as we stared into each other&#8217;s eyes. As the dildo slid over my tongue I shuddered in anticipation of whatever it was that Pam might have in store for me next. There was something about this situation of having another woman insert a dildo into my mouth while I was helplessly bound that really turned me on. 
My increasing feelings of arousal were rudely disrupted by the shrill electronic bleeping of a mobile phone. After it rang a second time Pam stopped pushing the dildo back and forth, gave me a disappointed smile and then stood up and went over to her shoulder bag. Still holding the dildo in my mouth I watched as she took out her phone and spoke into it. 
She listened for a few seconds then said quietly �Yeah, everything&#8217;s fine.� Listened some more and said �OK, that&#8217;s fine, I&#8217;ll be there in a minute.�
When I saw Pam pick up her panties and start to pull them on I let the dildo drop from my mouth. �What&#8217;s happening?� I asked with disappointment as I realised that I was probably not going to find out how Pam would have used the two dildos on me.
�Time to go.� Pam said without looking at me as she fastened her bra behind her back.
I waited for her to say more but all she did was continue to dress. 
�So can I go home now?� I asked hesitantly as Pam did up her skirt. 
Pam didn&#8217;t look at me as picked up her blouse and started to button it up. �Uh, it&#8217;s not that simple. We gotta leave separately.�
�How does that work?� I asked nervously as Pam finished buttoning her blouse and walked over to her big bag of bondage treasures.
Pam reached inside and rummaged around for a few seconds. When she took her hand out I was horrified to see that she was holding a ball gag.&nbsp; 
�It works like this: You stay here while we leave. Then you get free and go home.�
�But, but.� I protested as my mind raced frantically trying to think of something to say to stop her putting the ball gag into my mouth and leaving me for those awful maids to find. �How am I going to get this sleeve and things off me.�
�I&#8217;ll leave the keys on top of the dresser.�
�But I&#8217;ll never be able to free myself with my hands inside this sleeve, how am I going to get out of this?� I squealed.
Pam knelt on the bed next to me. She pushed me over onto my back and grinned down at me. �Then you&#8217;ll have to stay here like this won&#8217;t you?� She gave a small laugh at the expression of horror on my face. �Don&#8217;t worry.� She said in a reassuring tone. �The maids will find you in the morning and let you go. And you never know, you might end up having a bit more fun with them!� 
�No!� I cried. �I don&#8217;t want to be left for the maids!�
Pam looked me up and down, raised an eyebrow at me and said. �Well I don&#8217;t think you&#8217;re in much of a position to argue about it, do you?.� I stared at her, unable to think of anything to say. 
�So?� She demanded with mock theatricality. �I&#8217;m waiting. How are you gonna stop me then?� She gave a derisive snort and laughed at the expression of fear and helpless indignation on my face. Then she brought the dreaded ball gag up in front of my mouth. �Come on, open wide.� 
I twisted my head to one side, desperate to avoid being bound and gagged and left like a bundle for the maids to discover in the morning.
Pam took a firm grip of my lower jaw with one hand and twisted my head back up to face her. As she started trying to shove the gag into my mouth I blurted out something like �But, I haven&#8217;t even seen Tanya yet.�
This seemed to stop Pam for a moment. She still had a strong hold of my face but the pressure of the ball gag against my mouth ceased.
I looked up and saw a sneaky smile creep cross her face.
�You know, that might be kind of cute.� She said more to herself than to me. Then she gave me a hard look. �You want to see Tanya again?�
�Yes, yes, of course I do!�
�Right, then you do exactly as I tell you. No ifs, no buts, no questions, got it?�
�Sure!�
�Right now, Tanya is entertaining our client Ok?� She explained.
I looked puzzled and Pam rolled her eyes, pointed to the connecting door and said. �The lady in the room next door that you had an encounter with earlier. Remember her?�
�Oh yeah.� 
�So Tanya is with her now and that lady thinks that everything that happened here tonight with you was a little show that we put on for her benefit. OK? Got it?�
I didn&#8217;t understand �But, why do you want. .?�
Pam angrily waved the ball gag in front of my face. �No questions! All you need to do is remember that it was a show put on for her. A deliberate thing, OK?�
�Sure.�
�So if she asks you anything . .?� Pam said in an expectant tone.
�I tell her it was all an act.� 
�Good girl.� Pam smiled at me. �And apart from that, you do whatever she wants understand?�
�Even if she wants to do what we did just then?� I asked.
�Especially if she wants to do that.� Pam replied sternly. �Look, you wanna see Tanya again or not?�
�OK, OK.� I gave in.
�And I&#8217;ve still got to gag you.� 
I started to protest but stopped when I saw the look of impatience on Pam&#8217;s face.
�Oh Christ, go on then.� I muttered and allowed Pam to cram the large ball into my mouth as I fought to hold back the gag reflex that it produced.
When she stood up her next act took me by surprise. She bent over, slipped one arm underneath my arms and with the other she grabbed me behind my knees. Then she picked me up off the bed like I was a small child. She stopped in the middle of the room and I saw her smile at something. Turning my head I saw that she was looking at our reflection in the dresser mirror. It came as quite a shock to see myself like that, being cradled in the arms of this confident and proud-looking woman with my mouth filled with the ball gag, the black sleeve encasing my arms attached to my handcuffed feet. After savouring this scene of helplessness and domination for several seconds Pam walked on to the laundry basked and lowered me into it. The big black bondage bag and a few other personal items were placed on top of me and then the lid was closed.
I felt the basket start to move, heard the door of the room open and once more I felt the familiar shaking and jerking as I was trundled through the door and along the corridor. There was another journey in a lift, some more trundling along a corridor, and then we stopped. I heard a soft knock after which a door was quickly opened, and I was wheeled into a room. 
I lay silently for a few seconds and listened. I could hear two women whispering, but their voices were too quiet and muffled for me to hear exactly what they were saying.
After a few minutes the top of the basket was opened, the sheet removed and I found myself looking up at Pam and the thin face of Anna. Pam reached in and took out the bag of bondage gear and the other couple of bags that she had placed on top of me while Anna continued to gaze down at me.
�Mmm, nice single sleeve.� Anna murmured approvingly. �It suits her.�
Pam stopped and looked down. �Yes, does doesn&#8217;t it?�
Then the lid of the basket closed again and I heard the sound of drawers being opened and closed and bags being zipped up and I guessed that they were almost ready to leave. 
Eventually the lid of the basket opened and Pam looked down at me with a serious expression. She pointed at me and said quietly �You stay put there, you hear! Move from there and you are in deep shit.�
I glared at her mutely but gave a small nod. 
A minute later I heard the door of the room close and there was silence.
After a few minutes I squirmed around in the basket to relieve the pressure on my aching arms. I stopped and listened again. I thought I heard a muffled grunt from somewhere close by so I lay quietly. Time seemed to drag by inside the laundry basket. I had no idea of how long they had been gone. It might have been five minutes, it might have been ten. I wondered if maybe they weren&#8217;t coming back. That was the thought that kept going through my mind. Maybe Pam had done what she said she was going to do and left me here for the maids to find in the morning. 
I though I heard another muffled grunt or groan and I pressed my ear to the side of the basket and listened. But there was nothing. After another minute or so passed I began to think that they must have gone off and left me so I began to move around in the basket trying to get myself up onto my knees. Eventually, after falling about a bit and scraping my face and shoulder I managed to get onto my knees and was able to push the top of the basket open with my head. 
I looked out to see an unmade bed with a mess of sheets on top of. Next to the room door was Pam&#8217;s big bag of bondage gear and a couple of small cases. I heard a muffled snort from behind me and looking round my eyes widened in astonishment as I discovered that I wasn&#8217;t the only occupant of the room who was naked, bound and gagged. 
Clad only in a pair of black stockings and a white lacy suspender belt, Tanya was standing just inside the bathroom next to the door, bound hand and foot and staring at me in wide eyed, mute helpless. The lower half of her face was covered by a wide piece of black leather that was obviously holding a large gag in place in her mouth. Her hands were behind her back, secured in way that I couldn&#8217;t see but her elbows were bent out in at right angles as if her hands were fastened in the middle of her back. She also had some kind of thick black leather collar around her neck, a belt around her waist and her ankles were secured like mine with a pair of handcuffs. I realised that she must have been standing there like that all the time that I had been in the room, and perhaps for a good while before that as well.
All the guilt that I had felt earlier when Pam told me about her �interrogation� of Tanya came flooding back and I started making �mmmpphhh� and �nnnrrhh!� noises at her. My attempts at speech had no effect on Tanya who simply stood there, staring at me and shaking her head slowly from side to side. I started to imagine that she must be furiously angry with me and hate me. I tried to say �I&#8217;m sorry� through and around the ball gag but it just wouldn&#8217;t work.
Next, I tried jerking and moving my head to try and indicate that she should come over to me in the basket. I think she understood what I meant because she turned sideways to allow me a view of her back. I saw that the leather collar around her neck was fastened to a short chain that was tied around a coat hook on the bathroom door. The length of the chain meant that she could only move about a foot and a half or so away from the door. I also saw that the collar was also connected to a long strap of leather about two inches or so wide that ran down Tanya&#8217;s back to her waist where the other end was fastened to the belt around her waist. Part way down the long strap two leather cuffs were fastened, one above the other so that Tanya&#8217;s hands were fastened in the middle of her back. I noticed that both cuffs, as well as the collar and belt around the waist, were secured with small padlocks which made me think of Pam and her characteristic attention to escape-proof detail. 
I couldn&#8217;t see very well how the end of the chain was tied to the coat hook, but it must have been very secure for Tanya to be standing there in such a docile manner. As I watched, Tanya flexed her arm muscles and made futile clutching motions with her hands and fingers. I could tell from the way the leather dug into her wrists that the cuffs were strong and tight. Tanya turned back to face me and for a while we stared at each other in our mutual helplessness.
I did some more �mmmph�ing and �nnrhh�ing and tried to somehow open my lips around the side of the ball gag so that I could say something intelligible, but it was hopeless. And after a minute or so Tanya shook her head at me to show that she couldn&#8217;t understand anything that I was trying to say.
Well, Tanya couldn&#8217;t come to me, then I would have to go to her. So I leaned myself against the wall of the basket and started pushing it with my chest, rocking it back and forth and trying to tip it over. When she realised what I was doing, Tanya started squealing and making urgent �nnnnrrrh!� noises. I looked up at her and she was shaking her head at me in a very deliberate manner.
�Nnnrrh?� I said with questioning eyes.
�Nnrhh, nnrrh.� She replied with another serious shake of the head. The message was clear &#8211; stay in the basket. Tanya started making jerky nodding motions with her head while making more �nnrrhh!� noises and I realised that she was trying to indicate that I should lie back down in the basket. She must be expecting the other two to return. 
With a moan, I rolled my eyes and nodded. Then I lay back down in the basket and made myself as comfortable as I could. My body hurt too much for me to really relax and try to sleep, but as it was I didn&#8217;t have too long to wait. I heard the door open and two female voices that I recognised as those of Pam and Anna. 
Pam&#8217;s face appeared over the top of the basket. �I see you&#8217;ve stayed put like I said. That&#8217;s good.� She smiled down at me approvingly.
Then she disappeared from view and I heard her and Anna moving around the room, opening and closing more drawers.
After a couple of minutes I heard Anna announce �That&#8217;s it! That&#8217;s all my stuff. I&#8217;m ready to split.�
�Me too.� Came Pam&#8217;s reply.
Anna&#8217;s face appeared over the top of the basket and her eyes wandered up and down my body. �You look so sexy all bound and gagged like that.� She told me. �Turns me on just looking at you like that.� After staring at me for a moment, she looked up at Pam. �What time is it now?�
�One-fifteen.� Came Pam&#8217;s reply.
They stared at each other for a minute, and then I saw a sly grin break out over Anna&#8217;s face. �We got time?�
�I guess so.� Pam replied with a chuckle. 
Next thing I knew, I was hauled out of the basket by the two of them and placed on my knees on the floor. Pam came and stood next me and looked down at me. Before she started to unbuckle my gag she gave me a hard look as if to say &#8216;remember what I told you&#8217; and I gave a slight nod to let her know that I understood.
As she unbuckled my gag Pam spoke over her shoulder to Anna. �You want that I should give you some privacy for this?�
Anna looked up as shed unzipped her skirt. �Hell no! I don&#8217;t mind an audience. I&#8217;ve watched and been watched and even done group sex plenty of times.�
�In that case. Do you mind if we do them in tandem.� Pam said with a look at Tanya.
�Yeehaa!� Howled Anna. �Let&#8217;s ride them together.� 
Anna didn&#8217;t bother taking her clothes off. She simply dropped her skirt, pulled down her panties and then sat down on the edge of the bed and looked at me. She opened her legs to allow me an unrestricted view of her crotch, and then beckoned to me with a finger.
Without a word of protest, I shuffled forward until I was kneeling between Anna&#8217;s thighs. I looked up and saw that she was looking across the room. Turning my head and looking over my shoulder I saw that Pam had unfastened the chain attached to Tanya&#8217;s neck and was walking the helpless Tanya over to the bed as fast as her cuffed ankles would allow. 
Pam gave Tanya a sudden shove, and with a grunt Tanya sank to her knees beside me. She looked at me out of the corner of her eye as Pam unfastened the leather strap holding the gag in place behind her head. Tanya let out a great sigh of relief as an unbelievably large black rubber gag shaped like the end of a penis, emerged from her mouth covered in slimey strands of saliva. 
Tanya had no time to enjoy her release from the gag as Pam hitched up her skirt, pulled down her panties and sat down on the bed next to Anna. The two doms looked at us, their helpless victims kneeling at their feet, then they grinned at each other for a second before they started to indulge themselves.
Pam said �You ready for this?� and she reached out and started to pull Tanya&#8217;s head towards her crotch.
Tanya and I exchanged a final glance as I heard Anna reply �You bet!� and then felt her hand slip around the back of my neck and the pressure from it as she pulled me into her crotch I lost sight of Tanya and found my vision filled by the sight of Anna&#8217;s rapidly approaching pussy. 
As the first of Anna&#8217;s pubic hairs tickled the end of my nose I tilted my head back slightly and opened my mouth to put out my tongue.
Anna surprised me by taking hold of my face with her hands and stopping me. 
�Not so fast.� She murmured as she gently but firmly guided my face with her hands. 
She moved my face into her pussy and started to move her hips slowly so that I ended up rubbing the end of her clit with the tip of my nose. Slowly, she pushed my face backwards and then moved herself forward, using the end of my nose to trace a pattern around her clit and then up and down along the edges of her cunt lips. After a minute, I felt the outer lips of her labia slide apart and heard she let out a soft sigh as my nose slid slowly along her groove. Anna&#8217;s pussy was hot, wet and very slippery and my nose was soon sliding up and down and around her labia and around clitoris. My face was wet with Anna&#8217;s cunt juices and my nostrils were filled with the pungent salty aroma of her pussy and I realised that that having my face used in this way was strangely exciting. 
When I felt a sudden increase in pressure from the tips of the Anna&#8217;s fingers around my jaw I instinctively knew what was wanted. I tilted my face up, opened my mouth and pushed my tongue into Anna&#8217;s dripping groove. Anna let out a soft gasp as my tongue started lapping away at her pussy.
I could also hear gasping and groaning coming from my side, as Tanya&#8217;s tongue worked away inside Pam&#8217;s pussy. It was strange to hear two sets of gasps and groans of pleasure, and I had to resist the urge to raise my head and look at what Tanya was doing to Pam.
Anna&#8217;s pussy had a deep, musty aroma a kind of salty taste. After a few seconds of nibbling the outside of Anna&#8217;s pussy, the tip of my tongue found the edge of her vagina and slid inside seeking new tastes and sensations. As I drove my tongue deep into her cunt hole I felt the muscles of Anna&#8217;s legs stiffen and tremble. The salty, tangy taste of this woman&#8217;s cunt was simply wonderful, and I flicked my tongue back and forth inside Anna&#8217;s pussy as much for my own pleasure as for hers. 
Next, I took her clit between my lips and sucked on it gently and then ran my tongue in circles around the fleshy bud. 
As I pushed my face into Anna&#8217;s pubes and sucked on her clit I realised that I was having the ride of a lifetime. For years I had wondered what it would be like to have sex with another woman. I had also known, and been scared by the suspicion, that I wanted to be tied up and fucked by a woman, and had even allowed myself to be turned on by fantasies of lesbian domination that I found in magazines and on the internet. It had only been a few weeks since Tanya had initiated me to the delights of lesbianism, and to the wonderful yet frightening world of bondage. But I now realised that I was well and truly out of closet. I was a fully-paid up member of the cunt-eating club and I had to admit that there nothing I had ever done before had turned on in quite the same way as what I had done with Tanya, and what I had been forced to do tonight.
Even though I was still a bit scared about the situation I had gotten myself into, I realised that I wasn&#8217;t that worried anymore. At least I had found Tanya and now that she was in the same situation as me I doubted that anything seriously unpleasant was going to happen to either of us. Anna&#8217;s pussy tasted great and I just loved the fact that here I was, hog tied and helpless with my tongue whipping round the private parts of an attractive woman who was forcing me to do this to her. As I felt Anna&#8217;s body shudder and shake in response to the actions of my tongue I knew that there was no place else I would rather be at that moment. 
The insides of Anna&#8217;s thighs quivered against my cheeks as she started groaning �Oh, ndooohh, oooohhhh!!� as she came to a hip-shaking orgasm accompanied by much gasping and groaning. 
�Wow!� She gasped as she pushed my face away from her pussy and lay back panting on the bed. 
�Ahh .. ahhh, yesss!� groaned Pam from beside Anna and I looked up to see Tanya&#8217;s head moving up and down as she busily licked away at Pam&#8217;s pussy. 
Pam&#8217;s head was thrown back and her hand clutched the bed sheets as she thrust her pelvis forward and back in rhythm with Tanya&#8217;s tongue. I watched as Tanya brought her to a steaming orgasm that left her gasping for breath and clutching at the bed sheets.
As Pam rested on the bed, Tanya sat back on her heels and looked at me. I gave a sad look as if to say for the mess that I had gotten us into and Tanya gave me a silent little smile and shook her head as if to say forget it.
A minute or two passed and then Pam raised herself up on her elbows, and breathed out loudly �Phewww! I think that was worth hanging around for.� 
�You bet!� Anna replied with a smile.
Pam got up off the bed. She looked at me and Tanya and smiled as she pulled up her panties. �Well, it&#8217;s been fun ladies. But we gotta go.�
I looked at Tanya who shook her head at me as if to say don&#8217;t say anything.
As I watched Anna stagger to her feet, find her panties and start to dress the tension became too much for me. .
�So what happens now?� I asked over my shoulder to Pam as she finished straightening her clothes.
�Like I said, we go.� Pam replied in a flat voice.
I watched Pam bend down and pick up the red ball gag.
�But what happens to us?� I cried become increasingly nervous and straining pointlessly against the leather of the single sleeve.
Pam said nothing as she bent down again to pick up the big black dildo gag before straightening up and moving to stand behind Tanya. She held out the red ball gag towards a point above and behind me and I realised that Anna had finished dressing and was standing behind me. 
�You can&#8217;t just leave us here!� I squealed as Anna took the gag from Pam.
�Oh but we can!� Cooed Anna as she took hold of my nose and pulled my head roughly backwards. 
I opened my mouth but my squeal of distress was cut off half way through as the rounded bulk of the ball gag was pressed against my teeth. I shook my head from side to side, but it was too late. Anna had caught me with my mouth open and putting the base of her hand against the ball gaga she pushed it forcefully into my mouth. As Anna shoved my head forwards to fasten the strap behind my neck I looked to one side and saw the look of helplessness and anguish in Tanya&#8217;s eyes as Pam forced the large penis shaped gag into her mouth. Tanya also shook her head and made a guttural �nnnngghh!� sound as Pam rammed the dildo gag home. But like me, her struggles were in vain and I watched as Pam fastened the gag tightly behind Tanya&#8217;s head. 
Silenced once again, Tanya and I stared at each other in our mutual frustration. Pam wasn&#8217;t quite finished with Tanya yet and I watched as she bent down and made one final addition to Tanya&#8217;s bonds. Taking another pair of handcuffs from the bag of bondage gear, she fastened one cuff around the links between Tanya&#8217;s heels and locked the other through a metal ring that was set into the bottom of the leather strap running down Tanya&#8217;s back. So now we were both hog tied.
Then they picked us up one at a time and tossed us onto the bed.
�Couldn&#8217;t leave you lying on the floor could we?� Pam grinned at us as she walked over to the bathroom. She went into the bathroom and came out again a few seconds later and closed the door behind her.
�Think they&#8217;ll be OK there like this?� Anna asked.
�Hell, yeah.� Pam nodded. �Room service will find them in the morning and let them go.� Pam folded her arms and looked down at us. �I&#8217;ve left the keys to the cuffs and everything on the shelf in the bathroom.� She shrugged as she continued. �If you can get to and free yourselves first before room service arrive then so much the better.�
I shook my head at her and made angry �mmmpphh� noises in frustration. Tanya did nothing except glare at her.
Pam stared at us for a few moments and then gave Anna a thoughtful look. �You know, I am a bit worried about leaving them here like this.�
�Really?� Anna sounded surprised.
�Yeah, they might get bored. But I got an idea.� She walked over to Anna and whispered something in her ear. I saw Anna&#8217;s eyes widen as she glanced at us and then back at Pam. They stared at each other for a second before Anna burst out in a fit of giggles and spluttered. �Let&#8217;s do it.�.
The two women walked over the big bag of sex toys and bondage gear by the door. Tanya looked at me and I could tell from the frown lines between her eye brows that she was worried by what they might be up to.
I looked over at the two women and watched Pam search through the bag. She found what she was looking for, stood up straight and handed something to Anna. When they turned round and started to walk back towards us each of them kept one hand behind their back to hide something from us. I glanced at Tanya who managed to look even more worried than before as our two tormentors moved menacingly towards us.
Anna climbed onto the bed and knelt down next to me while Pam knelt down alongside Tanya. Putting whatever she had in her hand down behind her, Anna gave me a wink then leaned over me and took one of my nipples in her mouth. As she began to suck on my teat she reached down and started to run her fingers along the inside of my thighs, lightly stroking the soft skin. I glanced at Tanya and saw that Pam was doing something similar to her.
After a minute, Anna switched her attentions to my other nipple and cupped my pudendum with her hand, then after another minute passed she began to knead my pussy with her fingers. I soon felt Anna&#8217;s fingers spread the lips of my labia apart and a couple of hers fingers slid into my groove. Despite myself, I squirmed with pleasure as the uninvited guests gently entered my cunt hole and began to explore within.
I turned my head to look at Tanya and found her looking at me. The frown lines were still visible between her eye brows, but I could also tell from the slightly unfocused, dreamy look in her eyes, and from the way that her hips were moving in response to Pam&#8217;s touch that she was as unable to prevent herself from responding to and enjoying her tormentor&#8217;s caresses as I was. Our eyes betrayed both our desperation and the strange and wonderfully erotic nature of our situation; naked, bound and being expertly forced towards orgasm by two aggressive and dominant females.
I was thrusting my hips up higher and with greater urgency when I felt Anna take her hand from my pussy. I ceased staring hopelessly into Tanya&#8217;s eyes and looked up to see that Anna had picked up a six inch white plastic dildo from the bed. 
So that was what she and Pam had taken out of the bag a few minutes before. My mind was filled with the sensations emanating from my tingling pussy and in this erotic haze I cared little about the fact that Anna was going to use a dildo on me. As long as she brought me to orgasm that was all I cared about. 
I watched her insert the end of the dildo into her mouth and start to lubricate it with her tongue as she looked sideways at Pam. Glancing at Pam I saw that she too had a dildo in her mouth.
Tanya could see what Pam was doing and was making a few protesting �nnnrrhh!� noises and shaking her head in desperation, but this had no effect on either Pam or Anna who simply carried on and grinning at each other as they lubricated the two dildos. I didn&#8217;t know why Tanya was protesting and struggling so much over the prospect of having a dildo put into her. I was sure it was nothing new to her. The fact that Tanya seemed so unhappy about this sent a sudden shiver of worry through me, but it was too late for either of us to try and protest now. Pam took the dildo out of her mouth, pushed Tanya&#8217;s stocking-clad knees apart with her hands, and with an evil grin whispered. �Here it comes!�
Tanya glanced at me and I just had time to take in the helpless anguish written in the lines across her forehead before I felt a strong push downwards and outwards against the insides of both my knees and looked down to see Anna lowering the vibrator between my thighs.
I watched helplessly and whimpered as the end of vibrator disappeared beneath my pudendum and approached my pussy. I felt its cool wet touch high up against the inside of one thigh and realised that Anna was being playful. She ran the wet plastic end of the vibrator along the insides of my thighs, before moving it inwards to trace circles around my clit. I tried to ignore the sensations of heightened pleasure that immediately came from its touch but I was unable to suppress a shudder when I felt the cool hard plastic end of the dildo touch the lips of my labia and demand to be let in with a soft but steady pressure. I felt a slight pang of guilt at the ease with which the lips of my labia slid apart to allow the intruder access to my hole, but then I knew how wet pussy must be. 
I looked up from my crotch and found Anna staring at me with a vaguely expectant smile. I felt the tip of the dildo slide down my groove and settle into the entrance of my vagina. Anna and I stared at each other silently for a moment as if pausing to savour a shared experience. Then I felt the end of the dildo start to twist and the pressure of the plastic against the mouth of my vagina increased. I tensed my vaginal muscles as hard as I could to keep the intruder out. Anna twisted and pushed harder and with an almost audible &#8216;pop&#8217; the mouth of my vagina opened up and I grunted as I felt the hardness of the dildo sliding into me. Anna pushed the dildo slowly and surely into my pussy sending out a long, slow wave of pleasure through my nervous system. 
At that point, my resistance left me. All I wanted to do was to enjoy being fucked by this beautiful, dominant woman. I lay my head back on the bed as the plastic phallus filled my vagina and savoured the feeling as Anna slowly reversed the action, twisting and pulling the dildo so that it moved back out of my pussy. As dildo emerged from my vagina, Anna toyed with me. With the end of the dildo in the mouth of my vagina, she rotated the dildo between her fingers and thumb, first one way and then the other. The sensation was quite sublime and I found myself pushing my hips downwards in an attempt to urge the tormenting object to fill me once again. Without warning, Anna stopped twiddling the end of the dildo against my cunt hole and pushed the dildo back into my vagina again, this time with a stronger thrust than before. My thighs trembled at the sensations that came from my cunt, and I started to move my hips in rhythm to Anna&#8217;s strokes, even arching my lower back slightly to give her better access to my vagina and allow her to drive the dildo into me more easily. 
I heard a soft groan from beside me and turning my head I saw that Pam was doing the same thing to Tanya . I could see Pam&#8217;s lower arm moving backwards and forwards like a piston, the end of her wrist disappearing and reappearing behind the bulge of Pam&#8217;s pudendum as she repeatedly drove the dildo into Tanya&#8217;s pussy with slow, firm strokes. 
Tanya turned her head and looked at me. The frown lines on her forehead had gone now, and I could also see that she looked quite dazed and was struggling to focus on me. Despite her anguish about the situation, she was still enjoying herself. We both were, and we stared at each other like that for a maybe a minute or so. Each of us was aware of our helplessness and the deeply submissive and humiliating circumstances that we were in and yet each of us enjoying it, loving it even and the look that passed between us at that moment acknowledged this guilty secret.
We stared at each other helplessly, sharing our guilty secret as Pam and Anna drove the dildos into us faster and faster. Tanya&#8217;s nostrils were flaring widely now as her eyelids fluttered and her eyeballs rolled upwards. Our breathing grew deeper and more rapid and I realised that the loud groans that I could hear were coming from me! We were both on the verge of orgasm, each of us willing our molester onwards when suddenly it stopped. 
I looked up and saw Pam and Anna grinning down at us but doing nothing with their hands. Each of them had simply stopped what she was doing.
Pam raised an arm and looked at her wrist. �My God, look at the time!� She cried with mock-theatrical exaggeration. �We better go.� 
Barely able to contain their laughter, Pam and Anna jumped off the bed and walked towards the door. Tanya and I watched helplessly as they sauntered across the room, stopped to pick up the bag of bondage gear and the other remaining cases. With one hand on the door handle Pam turned to give us a wide toothy smile. �You two just stay right there and enjoy yourselves, you hear!�
The door opened, Anna stalked out with a final sneering look over her shoulder at us. Pam paused briefly in the doorway, blew a kiss at us and then closed the door and locked it behind her.&nbsp; 
I stared incredulously at the door as the reality of what had happened sank in. They had simply gone off and abandoned us. We had been left naked and hog tied with dildos buzzing away inside our cunts inside a seedy hotel room in the middle of God-knows where. And to top it all, we were both in a state of advanced sexual arousal. What the hell were we supposed to do now?
I looked at Tanya who stared back at me and made a kind of �nnrrhh, ggrrhh!� noise, as if to say &#8216;I knew that&#8217;s what they were going to do&#8217;.
I was acutely aware of the plastic shaft vibrating away inside my pussy. Now that Anna was no longer fucking me with it the enormous orgasm that had been building inside was starting to retreat a bit. I was still pretty steamed up and I could tell from the wet creamy feeling between my thighs that my crotch was drenched in cunt juice. Seeking the release of orgasm seemed more important at that moment than seeking release from our bonds. Lying on one side, I bent over and craned my neck to look down at my crotch. I could just see about an inch or so of the white plastic base of the dildo poking out between my cunt lips. It was buried deep inside me. There was no way I was going to be able to get it out of me without the use of my hands.
I looked up towards Tanya&#8217;s crotch and saw pretty much the same, only the very last inch or so of the plastic shaft was visible poking beneath her pubic mound.
Tanya was lying on her side staring silently at my pussy and we lay like that for a few seconds, breathing heavily through our noses. Then Tanya rolled and shuffled her way up right next to me until our noses and gags were touching. She pushed her hips forwards and I felt her pudendum rub against her mine. Without hesitation, I pushed back, grinding my pussy against Tanya&#8217;s which brought an immediate increase in the pleasurable sensations coming from within my crotch. 
Somewhere at the back of my mind, a tiny nagging voice asked if we shouldn&#8217;t be trying to escape, but I ignored it. I could not tear my eyes away from Tanya&#8217;s as we rubbed noses and sinuously rubbed our bodies up against each other. I pressed my pussy hard against Tanya&#8217;s and shuddered at the sensations that went shooting through my pussy and out through my groin and into my body. Our bodies were writhing together in unison now, pussies grinding against each other. 
Despite the difficulties of being hog tied I managed to slide one thigh between Tanya&#8217;s thighs, and she managed to slide one between mine. As squirmed and wriggled together like this I felt the end of the dildo buried in Tanya&#8217;s pussy rubbing against the top of my thigh and took care not to push against it too hard. 
I myself could feel the vibrator in my own pussy being shoved back and forth against the top of Tanya&#8217;s thigh. The sensation only added to tingling ecstasy that seemed to fill the space between my legs and through her groin. 
We lay together like that for what seemed like a long time. Rubbing our bodies together, massaging each other&#8217;s pussies as best we could and gazing mutely and helplessly into each other&#8217;s eyes. I felt like I was in a kind of dream world, an ecstasy-filled haze that centred on the sensations emanating from my pussy. Eventually, it dawned on me that no matter what we did like this, neither of us was going to achieve an orgasm. It was extremely enjoyable, one of the most amazingly sensual experiences that I had ever known, but we just weren&#8217;t getting there. Neither of us was. Without some way to get a finger or a tongue to our clits for a bit of direct stimulation, we were going to be denied the release of orgasm. 
Tanya seemed to realise this too. She slowed the rhythmic rubbing of her body against mine and then started nodding at me and making �mmmh!� and �uuurmph!� noises through her gag. I thought about it for a minute; there was no way I could reach her clit with my fingers because of the single sleeve, and I was pretty sure that the hog tie was too short and restrictive to let me reach her pussy with my toes. That left only one possibility.
I rolled onto my front and started to twist and squirm around on the bed until I had managed to turn around so that I was facing the opposite way from Tanya and my head was now opposite her crotch. Tanya shifted around a bit too so that she was lying on her side with one leg on the bed and the other raised into a vertical position above it with the foot resting on the leg on the bed. There was sufficient play in the links connecting the steel cuffs around her ankles to allow her to lie like this which allowed me pretty good access to her open crotch. I positioned my legs in the same way and felt an immediate increase in the sexy tingling sensations deep within my crotch simply from the knowledge that Tanya and I had our legs open wide with our cunts on display to each other and with our faces close to each other&#8217;s pussies.
I leaned forwards and moved my face between her thighs angling my head and neck and reaching out towards her clit with my nose. There was just about enough room and manoeuvrability with our bound bodies to allow me to get my nose to her clit. I felt something warm brush against the inside of my thigh and knew that Tanya was doing the same to me.
I started to nuzzle her throbbing love bud with my nose and at the same time, I felt a shudder of ecstasy pass through my body at the soft touch of skin against my own clitoris. It wasn&#8217;t easy using my nose like this because the small pink bulge of her clit was so close to my eyes that I couldn&#8217;t focus on it properly. But I persevered and started to move my head back and forth in small circles as I worked my nose around the base of her clit and then back and forth across the small flesh bud itself. Meanwhile, Tanya was paying plenty of attention to my clit, filling my whole crotch with lovely warm tingley feelings.&nbsp; 
It was not one of my best performances as a lover and fine control left a lot to be desired. I ended up just rubbing my nose back and forth over Tanya&#8217;s quim as quick as I could and I think that she was basically doing the same thing to me. But it was enough and combined with the feelings produced by ceaselessly buzzing plastic rod inside me I soon began to feel the shimmering tide of orgasm start to rise within me once again. It was a good thing that both of us were already hot and pretty close to climax because rubbing someone off with your nose with your hands and feet bound behind your back and your mouth filled with a large rubber gag is not easy. For one thing, breathing wasn&#8217;t easy with the gag filling my mouth and my nose buried in Tanya&#8217;s pudendum I found that I had to keep raising my head to breathe in every few seconds. But the worst thing was the strain on my neck. By the time that I managed to bring Tanya to climax I had a sharp, stabbing pain in the side of my neck and I felt as if someone was twisting the vertebrae in my neck with a pair of metal pliers. 
I was so relieved when Tanya&#8217;s thighs started to tremble and shake and the tone of her muffled groans and snorts took on a decidedly frantic tone and I realised that I would soon be able to stop. 
Tanya reached orgasm first but I wasn&#8217;t far behind her. There was a short break in the ecstatic sensations coming from my own pussy when Tanya lost control and thrashed about on the bed. Then, when I thought that she had had as much as she could take, I pulled my head back and let it rest it on the inside of her trembling thigh. Like a trooper, Tanya only took a few moments to recover and then a shiver passed through my whole body as I felt the warm pressure of her nose go sliding over my clit. Back and forth it went, back and forth over my swollen love bud and within moments I was rocking my body from side to side and groaning into my gag as Tanya brought me to climax.
It wasn&#8217;t the best orgasm I&#8217;ve ever had. It was quite short and associated with quite a lot of discomfort. But it did the job, it released the tension produced by Anna&#8217;s fingers and the dildo. I lay back with the soft skin of Tanya&#8217;s thigh as a pillow and tried to ignore the relentless shuddering of the dildo within my cunt. I didn&#8217;t want to start getting worked up and needing to come all over again so quickly.
I think that the same idea must have occurred to Tanya too because after a few minutes she gave me a shove with her leg and started to make insistent �mmrrphh!� noises at me.
I raised my head and looked up at her. Tanya kept on �mmmpphh�ing at me and also started to move her head and body around in a rather strange and jerky fashion. I realised that she wanted me to turn over with my back to her so that she could get at the buckle of my gag with her hands. 
The dildo buzzing away inside me was a minor nuisance and kept sending annoyingly sensual reminders of its presence through my crotch every time that I bounced or jerked my body around. After some shuffling and rolling around, I managed to position myself so that Pam could reach the strap of the ball gag at the back of my head with her hands. Tanya&#8217;s hands were securely held in place by leather straps and pad locks, but her fingers were free, unlike mine.&nbsp; 
I lay in silence as Tanya&#8217;s exploring fingers fumbled away at the back of my neck as Tanya grunted with effort and irritation. Eventually, there was a great tug at the back of my neck and I felt the relentless pressure around my head and in my mouth suddenly relax. With a bit of effort, I spat the ball gag out with a gasp of: �Thank fuck for that!.�
I turned back to face Tanya and we rested for a few moments silently staring at each other. As I looked into her eyes the feelings of guilt started to well up inside me again and I wanted to tell her how sorry I was for getting us into this mess.
I started to speak but Tanya shook her head from side to side and �mmmph�ed at me as if she could sense my guilt and didn&#8217;t want to hear what I had to say. I also realised that both of us were now once again starting to make involuntary squirming motions with our hips and thighs as the long plastic shafts buzzing away inside our pussies started to work their erotic magic once again.
I told Tanya to roll over so that her back was to me. I was going to have to undo her gag with my teeth. With my hands and fingers encased within the leather single sleeve there was no other way. Tanya rolled over and I shuffled up close behind her and started trying to grip the end of the leather tongue piece with my teeth. After various failed attempts I finally got myself into a position in which I was able to grip the end of the leather with my teeth and force it back through the end of the buckle. After that came the titanic struggle to pull the leather back so that the steel pin through the middle of the strap came loose. It seemed like an eternity and must have taken five to ten minutes or so of tugging, pulling and swearing but finally it happened. The pin was freed and the gag was unbuckled. I lay back on the bed and watched Tanya force the big cock-shaped piece of rubber out of her mouth. Tanya raised her head and took in lungfulls of air through her wide open mouth from which dangled several slimy strings of saliva. 
�Oh thank you, thank you.� she said breathlessly.
We lay side by side for a minute just watching each other silently except for the faint whine of the dildos buried deep within our muffs.
�Do you think we can get these dildos out now?� I asked.
Tanya nodded. �Yeah, let&#8217;s do it.�
We squirmed and shuffled around on the bed until we were in a head-to-tail position. As before, Tanya and I each bent one leg and raised it vertically above the other to allow each other full access to our crotches. I stared at the end of the plastic shaft as it disappeared into the wrinkled folds of Tanya&#8217;s pussy as I wriggled around for a better position. Leaning forward I opened my mouth and put my teeth around the end of the dildo. I was acutely aware of my position, with my nose less than an inch away from Tanya&#8217;s bum hole. In the few short weeks that had passed since our first meeting, I had spent a lot of time fantasising and dreaming about how wonderful it would be to bury my face between Tanya&#8217;s thighs again. And now, here I was actually doing it, although in rather bizarre circumstances.
I shrugged off the thought, bit on the end of the dildo and pulled back with my head. It resisted but I pulled harder and felt it move. I leaned backwards pulling as hard as I could and the dildo slid out of Tanya&#8217;s cunt. As I opened my mouth to let it drop out I felt the plastic shaft buried inside my own pussy shudder at the touch of Tanya&#8217;s teeth. Then she had it and I felt the long plastic tube being pulled out of me.
With the unrelenting stimulation of the dildos gone I lay my head down on the inside of Tanya&#8217;s thigh and savoured the relief from the torment of the gag and dildo.
Tanya&#8217;s crotch was only inches away and I could smell the warm aroma of her pussy and found that I was enthralled by this opportunity to quietly study her pussy in detail while she conveniently kept one leg raised to allow me an unimpeded view of her crotch. And of course I was doing exactly the same thing for her with my legs. I gazed at the crinkled flesh and intricate folds and creases of her cunt and the tight fleshy knot and web-like pattern of folds and creases around her ass hole. It was all still quite new to me. 
The leather single sleeve was forcing my arms into an uncomfortable position behind my back and as I shifted position to relieve the pressure on them I remembered with an inner shudder that it was my fault that we had been trussed up and left like this. I knew that I had to say something, show that I wanted to try to make amends in some way. So I tore my eyes away from her crotch, rolled onto my stomach and wriggled around until we were facing each other and I could look into Tanya&#8217;s eyes. I was trying to think of something deep and profound to say to Tanya to try and explain how I came to be there and how I seemed to have got us into this mess. Tanya smiled at me and for a second the clouds parted and I knew what it was like to be bathed in sun shine. But, my guilt refused to be driven away and came flooding back after a few seconds.
�Jeez, Tanya. I&#8217;m really sorry about all this.�
�Sorry, why?�
�Because it&#8217;s my fault that Pam thought you&#8217;d compromised your confidentiality, security or whatever.�
�Why is it your fault?�
�Because I stole a business card from your bag that morning after at my place.�
�Ahhh!� Tanya smiled at me. �I knew I should have kept you tied up all night.�
It seemed very strange to me that Tanya should be taking it all so calmly. �But aren&#8217;t you annoyed with me for doing that?�
She thought about it for a second. �Not really. How did you find out about this place?�
�I called the number, mentioned your name and your PA told me that this is where you&#8217;d be�
�I see. Well, Gill must have thought that you were one of the girls phoning up for directions. That&#8217;s where the mistake was, she should have been more careful. I will have to speak to her about that.�
As Tanya spoke, the faint smile never left her lips and she seemed to show not even the slightest hint of anger at the situation that I had gotten her into. �But aren&#8217;t you at all angry with me for going through your bag?�
�Hmm, no. Not an awful lot no. It was my own fault in a way.�
�What do you mean?� I was confused now.
�Well, I mean, if I hadn&#8217;t come along and seduced you and then opened you up to all these new experiences then none of this would have happened, would it?�
I thought about this for a moment and then said quietly. �No, I suppose not.�
Tanya gave me a sympathetic smile and then leaned forward and kissed me softly on the lips.
We kissed like that for a while and then let our heads rest on the bed and stared at each other. I still couldn&#8217;t believe that I was going to get off so lightly. I stared contentedly into Tanya&#8217;s eyes. Here I was at last, together again with Tanya. Then I remembered with a pang that we had been abandoned here by Pam and Anna.
�How are we going to escape?� I asked.
�Escape?� Tanya looked surprised.
�Yes, how on earth are we going to get out of here?� 
�We&#8217;re not.� Tanya said calmly.
�We&#8217;re not.� I repeated like a parrot.
�Well not unless you&#8217;re some kind of Houdini, which I&#8217;m certainly not.�
�You mean we&#8217;re just stuck here like this, all night.�
�Yep.� Tanya grinned at me.
�Until somebody finds us in the morning?�
�That&#8217;s right.�
I stared at her as I felt a slowly rising tide of panic and horror inside me when Tanya gave me a strange look, as if she too was confused.
�Do you mean to tell me that you&#8217;re not enjoying yourself?� She asked in a rather incredulous voice.
�But we&#8217;re stuck here. We can&#8217;t escape and we&#8217;re both tied up. . �
Tanya cut across me. �Tied up, naked and having a ball.� 
�But it&#8217;s scary and dangerous.� I whispered.
�That&#8217;s right!� Tanya&#8217;s eyes blazed at me. �It&#8217;s an adventure, anything could happen and there&#8217;s nothing we could do about it. Don&#8217;t you feel at all excited about that? I can&#8217;t believe you&#8217;re not enjoying this! You, one of the most submissive women I&#8217;ve met for a long time.�
I realised that she was right. There was a tingly, scary, kind of feel to everything and as usual, Tanya was right, even though I was terrified, deep down inside I was enjoying every minute of it.
�God this is so weird.� I told her.
�Weird and fun.�
�But what happens when they find us in the morning?�
�They let us go. Maybe they have a laugh about it, but we&#8217;ve done nothing illegal. Just two consenting adults having a bit of fun and things went a bit too far, but no harm done. That sort of thing.� 
She grinned at me as I gave her a doubtful look. �And besides, we&#8217;ve been using this place on and off for our auditions for a couple of years now and we&#8217;re always very generous with the tips to make sure everyone keeps their mouths shut. Take it from me, here won&#8217;t be any problems.�
I thought about it all for a minute and then said. �Look Tanya, I&#8217;ve got to ask. I know I&#8217;ve caused all this trouble and everything, and like maybe that&#8217;s because I don&#8217;t know what you do and why you come here and why everyone&#8217;s so secretive. Can&#8217;t you tell me what it is that you do?�
Tanya rolled her eyes, blew her cheeks out and thought for a few moments.
Then she nodded slowly to herself. �Alright, but first I&#8217;ve got to tell you that this is something that Pam and I both take seriously. You&#8217;ve seen her tonight, but let me tell you that&#8217;s nothing. If I tell you what we do and then you go and tell someone else and it gets back to her.� Tanya shook her head from side to side for dramatic effect. �I would not want to be in your shoes if that happened. No sirreee. She would come looking for you and I dread to think what she&#8217;d do.� She stared at me hard. �You get the idea?�
I nodded.
�You sure you still want to know?�
�Yes.� I whispered. 
�Ok, we organise events.�
�You already told me that. What kind of events?�
�Adult events. We specialise in events with bondage or S and M-type themes.�
I looked at her blankly. �I don&#8217;t know what you mean.�
Tanya rolled her eyes as if explaining something to a child. �Look, there are some very rich people around in this city, right?�
�Yeah, so.�
�So when you&#8217;re rich and you haven&#8217;t got much to do with your life you get bored easily and so you look for excitement. Maybe you go skiing a lot, or hit the casinos, or go sailing round the world.�
�But what has that got to do with anything?�
Tanya grinned at me as she continued. �Well, some rich people get into sex, and if you&#8217;ve got enough money then you can explore your sexual fantasies all you want. Or watch other people live them out for you.�
�But what kind of events are you talking about?�
�We arrange events where people with too much money live out their wildest sexual fantasies, or watch people like me and Pam and the girls that we hire living out their fantasies for them.�
�You mean that you make like films or DVDs?�
�If they want that then yes, we can do that. What I&#8217;m talking about though is something more real, where our clients actually take part in the action. You know, they get involved and actually experience things.�
I tried to picture what she was talking about in my mind. �So you organise like orgies with a bondage theme.�
�No, not as basic as that. Our events usually involve some kind of storyline and follow a plot of some kind.�
�You mean like a murder-mystery weekend?�
�Maybe a bit like that. Only with plenty of interactive stuff and bondage and submission and lots of sex.�
�But what happens, what kind of plots do these things have?�
Tanya gave me a wolfish grin. �God, all kinds. People have the weirdest fantasies.�
�Like what?� Now I was intrigued.
�Oh, like kidnapping or blackmail and forced sex. We do things that quite a lot actually.�
I felt a little worried about this. �They don&#8217;t you pay to kidnap people and have sex with them do they?�
�No, of course not. I mean that they pay us to kidnap them and then hold them to ransom and keep them in bondage and force them to have sex. Or maybe they want to be the kidnapper, but usually they want to be the one that&#8217;s kidnapped.�
�People pay you to kidnap them?� I&#8217;d never heard of such a thing before.
�You better believe it. And maybe they want us to videotape the whole thing as well and put it on DVD, or have web cams so that their partner or friends can watch. It all depends.�
�So you do fake kidnappings with a bit of sex thrown in?�
�Quite a lot of sex usually.� Tanya said with a small smile. �But, yes that&#8217;s kind of what we do, and lots of other things too.�
�Like what?�
�Oh, like bondage parties or weekends.�
�Weekends?�
�Yeah, maybe we hire some place out in the country and a bunch of clients and their friends come round and we all dress up in nineteen fifties gear and do all kinds of Irving Klaw-type stuff. Lots of nylons and suspenders, big hair, Betty Page. Blackmail, betrayal and revenge-type storylines. People running round, getting tied up then cut loose then tied up again. That kind of thing you know.� Tanya paused and then added. �But of course. With lots of sex thrown in.�
I nodded as I began to get the picture. �Of course, always with the sex.�
Tanya gave me an enigmatic smile. �We might even arrange a weekend where a client goes to a hotel looking for someone and then ends up getting tied up and repeatedly forced to have sex with various beautiful strangers. And maybe even wheeled around the place hog tied in a laundry basket.�
Open-mouthed I stared at Tanya and studied her face trying to work out if she was serious. �No, it couldn&#8217;t be. This wasn&#8217;t . . It couldn&#8217;t have been a set up.�
Tanya closed her eyes and smiled as she shook her head. �No. No it wasn&#8217;t a set up. But the way it&#8217;s turned out it almost could be one of our events. In fact, maybe we&#8217;ll even use the idea one day.�
�So, that&#8217;s what you were doing here this weekend then? Having one of these weekends?�
�Here, this dump?� Tanya said incredulously. �Jeez no. We were just auditioning.�
�Auditioning?�
�Yeah, we&#8217;ve got a big event coming up in a few weeks time, which is why I&#8217;ve been so busy. We come to places like this to audition models.�
�Why do you have to audition models?�
�Well, we can&#8217;t just use anyone can we? I mean they&#8217;ve got to be able to act a bit. And they&#8217;ve got to be able to cope with the kind of things that we do, like some pretty heavy bondage and S&amp;M stuff. Not everyone can handle that you know.�
�I don&#8217;t know.� I said hesitantly �I&#8217;ve never thought about it.�
�Oh no, trust me.� Tanya grinned at me. �They&#8217;re not all like you, only happy when they&#8217;re tied up and helpless. And of course, they&#8217;ve got to be cool about having sex with the clients, which is usually part of the deal. So, it&#8217;s a bit like shooting a porn movie only more complicated &#8211; like a kind of live event where you&#8217;ve got to be able to follow a basic storyline but also improvise a bit if things don&#8217;t go exactly according to the script. So, we come to places like this and screen the girls, make sure they can do it.�
�You mean . .�
�Yeah, we check that they can follow a script and make sure they can fuck like rabbits.�
�Don&#8217;t you have a regular group of girls that you work with all the time?�
�Some, but you know we don&#8217;t do these things that often, it&#8217;s not like we organise an event and then straight after we&#8217;re into the next one. If we do a decent sized event we can earn enough from that to live on for several months, which is quite a nice way to live. But the girls we use, well we pay them OK, but for them it&#8217;s just a few days work and then back to normal for them, and they&#8217;ve got to make a living haven&#8217;t they. So next time we start to organise an event, maybe some of them are busy working on a shoot for a DVD or someone&#8217;s website or something like that. So we&#8217;re always on the lookout for new talent.�
�And you work with Pam and Anna on these event things?�
�No. Just with Pam. Anna&#8217;s one of the clients. That&#8217;s why Pam was so pissed at you. When you blundered in there and got involved with Anna, that&#8217;s when things could have gone seriously wrong.�
�But what&#8217;s a client doing here if you were auditioning?�
Tanya shrugged. �Some of them are like that. Very &#8216;hands on&#8217; you might say. They like to get involved in the organising, make sure that everything is done right. Plus, they get to screen test the girls and sample the talent for themselves you might say.�
I was looking at her in amazement. �I had no that things like this went on.�
�That&#8217;s because people with a lot of money are usually very private. They don&#8217;t want to draw attention to themselves.� Tanya looked at me rather seriously. �And that&#8217;s why we our security so seriously.�
�They would want to get even with you if it came out?�
�Well, probably. But that&#8217;s not the main reason stupid!� Tanya said impatiently. �It&#8217;s because we would lose our source of income! Pam and I make a lot of money out of this business. We only work a few months each year and we&#8217;re both set for early retirement. And besides.� Tanya paused and smiled slyly. �I enjoy it.�
I laughed �Now why is that is something I am not surprised about?� 
Tanya was gazing directly into my eyes with a kind of unblinking, penetrating stare that made me think of that first night when we met in the bar. I had unburdened myself to Tanya of my feelings of disappointment and frustration after yet another relationship had fizzled out. We had been talking and laughing about relationships and the problems of finding a �good� man when Tanya had leaned towards me, fixed me with that penetrating stare of hers and asked me if I had ever thought about having a relationship with a woman instead of a man. I remember blushing and mumbling something and then being surprised to hear myself say yes. I had some difficulty finding the right words, but despite my hesitancy I started to explain to Tanya that although I had never slept with another woman, it was something that I had been curious about since I was a teenager. As I spoke, Tanya&#8217;s intense gaze never wavered for an instant and she seemed to be getting closer to me until it seemed like there was no-one else in the bar, like we were the only ones in the bar. 
Following my initial confession, I became slightly bolder. As I started to describe in slightly more detail how I had stolen some of my teenage brother&#8217;s porno magazines I felt something soft and warm on my knee and realised that Tanya had put her hand on my knee beneath the table. As the shock of having a woman put her hand on my knee passed through me, I stammered and mumbled and again surprised myself by doing nothing. I neither protested, nor acknowledged its presence. Regaining my composure slightly I continued to relate how I had found the pictures of lesbian love scenes in my brother&#8217;s magazines fascinating and erotic. However, my family were essentially straight-laced Christians, as were nearly all of my friends, so it was much easier to forget about such feelings and fantasies, conform to the norm and let myself be picked up by the spotty boys who lived around our neighbourhood.
I went on to tell Tanya about some of the dead-beat boyfriends that I had had during my college years and then afterwards during my twenties. I was telling her how I would occasionally go out and buy a magazine or visit a website and look at pictures and video clips of women making love to other women when I felt her hand start to move along my leg beneath the table. Tanya&#8217;s hand slipped beneath the hem of my skirt and I started to stammer and lose the thread of what I was saying. Eventually, I was saying nothing. Tanya held me with those staring eyes in a trance-like gaze as she slowly worked her way up the inside of my leg and then stopped to gently stroke the skin of my inner thigh. 
After a few minutes the spell was suddenly broken when Tanya looked away and withdrew her hand. When she casually asked me if I wanted to go somewhere I agreed immediately. By that time I had no choice, I was hooked. In the car park outside, when Tanya told me that she didn&#8217;t know the area very well I immediately volunteered to her that my apartment was only a few minutes drive away and that was it. 
My recollections about the power of Tanya&#8217;s gaze ended abruptly when she asked me �Do you know why I&#8217;m having so much fun right now?�
�Not really, no.�
Tanya&#8217;s eyes glittered and her stare seemed to intensify. �Because this is for real. This is not a set up. I don&#8217;t have the keys to these fucking locks and handcuffs. There is no easy way of escape. I don&#8217;t know when or how we&#8217;re going to get out of here. And you know what?�
I shook my head at her.
�It really turns me on being here like this with you.� Looking at Tanya gave me that feeling like a chicken that was being watched by a hungry fox. I knew that look in her eye and realised that she had only one thing on her mind.
�But Tanya! This is still all so new to me. And it&#8217;s scary. There must be a way to get loose!� I couldn&#8217;t believe that someone like Tanya wouldn&#8217;t have some secret method of escape somewhere. 
I started to say something else but Tanya leaned forwards and kissed me on the lips. Her kiss was soft at first but swiftly grew stronger and as her lips parted I opened mine to allow her probing tongue to access mine. We French kissed for several minutes and despite my exhaustion and the discomfort from my bonds I felt that familiar tingling sensation start up in my pussy again. I knew that I was sliding into a kind of dreamy erotic haze again so I pulled my head back and looked Tanya in the eye.
�Look, we&#8217;ve got to try and escape.�
�Nah, not right now.� She purred back at me, her eyes had that kind of unmoving stare that said she wanted only one thing, and it wasn&#8217;t conversation.
�No, come on. We need to talk about this.�
Tanya cut across me forcefully �No! Talk later, now we fuck!� 
With that she raised herself up on one side as far as she could and half-lunged half-fell across my body.
�What are you doing?� I asked as I watched her clumsily clambering up on top of my body. When she started shifting her position round so as that her head faced towards my legs I realised what she was up to. But by that time most of Tanya&#8217;s body was lying on top of mine, pinning me against the bed, and there was nothing I could do to stop her. 
�But shouldn&#8217;t we even be thinking about trying to escape?� I protested as I watched her wriggle and shuffle her face ever closer to my crotch.
�Later. Sex first.� She said without looking back.
One of Tanya&#8217;s stocking clad knees bumped against my nose and grazed my face as she somehow managed to drag one of her cuffed legs across my head so that her pussy was right above my face. We were now pretty much in a classic sixty-nine position, except that both of us were hog tied which meant that I had Tanya&#8217;s full weight on top of me which was putting a lot of pressure on my sleeve-bound arms. I felt Tanya&#8217;s face pressing against my inner thighs and I knew that I couldn&#8217;t keep her out. Tanya had the taste for pussy and there would no denying her.
I let my thighs fall apart and gasped as I felt Tanya&#8217;s tongue immediately start to flicker up and down around the lips of my labia. 
Tanya&#8217;s crotch was directly over my face and I took a moment to stare up at the beautiful sight of all the curled pubic hair and the pink crinkled lips of her pussy. Then I raised my head, stretched my neck and reached out with my tongue to taste Tanya&#8217;s sweltering pussy. I ran my tongue up and down her labia, dipped into her cunt hole and within seconds my face was running wet with her cunt juices. I drank them in as I savoured their salty taste with my tongue.
My joy at having my face once again buried in Tanya&#8217;s muff was however, fairly short-lived. One problem was that Tanya didn&#8217;t have the use of her arms and legs and I had to bear her whole weight Another problem was that her crotch was a bit further back than it should have been which meant that I had to strain to reach. So I was straining my neck and being crushed at the same time.
�Stop!� I croaked after about a minute when the strain forced me to take my tongue out of her cunt and rest my aching neck. �I can&#8217;t reach you like this. Too painful, let&#8217;s move over.�
Tanya stopped sucking my the lips of my pussy and half-fell, half slid off me onto her side which allowed me to push myself up onto my side and then squirm around until I had my nose just below her pubic bush. Then each of us raised our upper leg and bent it so as to allow the other person free access to their crotch. 
Without a word Tanya was straight back to work on my pussy and a shudder of pure pleasure ran through me as I felt her tongue rampaging around inside my hole once again. I started off by pushing my nose forwards right into the crinkled recess of Tanya&#8217;s ass hole. I rubbed it around inside and felt a quiver pass through Tanya&#8217;s buttocks as I did so. After inhaling deeply and taking in the dank musty aroma of Tanya&#8217;s secret places I opened my mouth and clamped it firmly over Tanya&#8217;s pussy. First, I jabbed my tongue deep into Tanya&#8217;s watery hole before dragging my tongue back down her groove and flicking it over her clit. After doing that repeatedly, I had Tanya breathing fast and hard, and I heard the leather strap down her back creaking as her arms and legs strained and twisted in ecstasy. 
Next, I took Tanya&#8217;s cunt lips between my lips and spent a little while pulling them with my lips, sucking them and generally paying them plenty of attention. After that I skewered Tanya&#8217;s cunt hole with my tongue again, driving it as far into her as I could and letting the juices run into my mouth.
Meanwhile, Tanya&#8217;s tongue was busily working away inside my pussy. It was hard work trying to stay focused and keep licking her cunt. I kept realising that I had stopped to groan or say things like �Oh God, oh God!�. Meanwhile, Tanya was experiencing similar distractions herself. 
Also, neither of us wanted to bring the other to an immediate orgasm. So if I was lashing my tongue up and down Tanya&#8217;s groove, or using it to flick her throbbing clit, and I felt that Tanya was getting too close to the boil then I simply moved my tongue to somewhere a bit less sensitive, like the soft smooth skin at the top of her inner thigh. 
We may have been helplessly bound, but that didn&#8217;t stop us from enjoying ourselves. Our session of head-to-tail love making seemed to go on forever, and I was more than happy to let it go on. The thought of what I was doing and the situation that we were in was a real turn on and I wondered what we looked like as we lay there side-by-side, rocking back and forth with heads buried between each other&#8217;s legs and with our arms and legs securely locked behind our backs. I wish we had been able to record ourselves with a video camera.
Eventually, we started to tire, partly due to prolonged exposure to ecstatic sensation, partly from physical exhaustion and also because of the pain from our bound limbs. Some kind of unspoken signal must have passed between us because we ended up coming together at the same time. Maybe one of us increased the speed or strength with which she was kissing and licking the other&#8217;s pussy and the other sensed it and followed suit. Who knows, but there was a certain point at which I teasing Tanya&#8217;s clit with my tongue and I felt her thighs start to shake and this time I didn&#8217;t slow down or move away even though my own thighs were trembling as the sensations coming from my pussy exploded through my body. Desperately suppressing the urge to throw back my head and simply let myself be taken over by the huge wave of orgasm, I managed somehow to keep on slurping away at that little pink bud until Tanya was screaming the place down with her gasps, shrieks and moans. Or come to think of it, maybe it was me that was making all the noise because Tanya somehow kept rubbing her tongue back and forth across my clit as she came.
Finally, it was over and we both rolled over onto our backs and lay there sweating and panting with eyes closed as we savoured the ecstatic sensations slowly receding from our bodies. I rolled over onto my front and squirmed around until I was lying next to Tanya, face to face. 
Tanya gave me a tired smile. �See. Told you it was fun.�
�As usual, you&#8217;re right.� I conceded �But I&#8217;m still worried about what happens when they find us in the morning. Don&#8217;t you think we should try and get into the bathroom and get hold of those keys?�
Tanya looked at me like I was crazy. �Like this? How the hell are we supposed to get to the keys if they&#8217;re up on a shelf and we&#8217;re both hog tied? I&#8217;m not breaking my neck trying to climb around like this.�
�Couldn&#8217;t we just try to get into the bathroom to have a look, see where the shelf with the keys is?� 
Tanya rolled her eyes in exasperation. �Look, I told you. Don&#8217;t worry about it. It&#8217;ll be fine, they&#8217;ll let us go and I&#8217;ll give them a big tip and that&#8217;ll be the end of it.�
�They might not let us go so easily.�
Tanya gave me a strange look. �What do you mean?� 
I told Tanya about what had happened between me and the two randy maids. As I spoke Tanya closed her eyes and laughed: �I really could not have written a better script. You have had the time of your life tonight, I am sooo jealous.�
�Yeah, I guess it has been fun. You&#8217;re sure they&#8217;ll let us go though?�
�Yeah, except from what you say maybe it won&#8217;t happen straightaway. But if that&#8217;s the case then it&#8217;ll be another adventure won&#8217;t it?�
�But we&#8217;ll be physical wrecks.� I complained. �My wrists and shoulders are killing me already.�
Tanya smiled sadly. �No pain, no gain.�
�You know I had bruises on my wrists and ankles for a week after we first met.� 
�And would you have preferred to have missed a single moment of it?� Tanya asked me quietly.
I thought about it and then sighed. �No, I wouldn&#8217;t have missed a second of it.�
�Then stop whining.� Tanya told me firmly.
�So we&#8217;re just going to lie here and sleep like this are we?�
�Who said anything about sleep?� Tanya replied and I saw that she had that hungry look in her eye again.
�I&#8217;m not sure my body can take much more of this!� I groaned �How many orgasms can you have in one night?� 
�I don&#8217;t know. I gave up counting years ago.� Tanya said as she rolled over onto her side and started to wriggle towards me. 
�Wait!� I said turning my head and looking at her. �There&#8217;s another problem.�
�What now?�
�I&#8217;m going to need to pee soon. I haven&#8217;t been to the bathroom since I arrived at this hotel and I&#8217;ve been tied up for like hours.�
Tanya just grinned at me wolfishly. �Likewise, I&#8217;ll need to go soon as well.�
�So what are we going to do?�
�Oh, there&#8217;s one or two things I can think of.� She said enigmatically as she started to push and wriggle herself on top of me.
�What kind of things?� I spluttered, as Tanya&#8217;s weight once again pinned me to the bed as she squirmed herself sideways over my body until she was lying directly on top of me with her face right over mine. 
�Things I haven&#8217;t introduced you to yet.� She murmured as she stared downwards into my eyes.
�I don&#8217;t know if I want to be introduced to things like that.� I said nervously.
�I don&#8217;t think you&#8217;ve got a choice in the matter do you?� Tanya said quietly.
I thought about it for a moment and realised that it was probably true. Even with both of us hog tied like this, she could probably still do whatever she wanted with me. 
�No, I guess I don&#8217;t have much choice.� I said in a resigned voice.
�Of course you don&#8217;t.� She said and lowered her face to kiss me.
As her tongue slipped insistently between my lips to entangle itself with mine I realised that there probably would be very little sleep tonight, and that by morning I would probably have several more exotic experiences to add to the list of those to which Tanya had already introduced me. 
To hell with it! I told myself. Tanya was right, I was having the time of life giving in to my innermost desires and exploring these new areas of my sexuality. With a sigh I gave myself up to Tanya and whatever it was that she had planned for the rest of the night. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  hedwood


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





