BDSM Library - Day in the life of a SLUT




Day in the life of a SLUT
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of a slut, what she does, what is required of her and how she feels.







Work of a slut

 
  Loretta
   jim
  2
  109
  2006-07-17T23:17:00Z
  2006-07-17T23:17:00Z
  1
  2186
  12462
  103
  29
  14619
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Work of a slut.

&nbsp;

I sit there,
thinking about my day. 6 hours behind the desk, pussy full of vibrations as I
fulfill my instructions for this evenings meeting.

I have to be ready,
stimulated, and orgasmic when I arrive. It is the duty of a true slut to be prepared
and I strive to perfection.

The vibrator has
buzzed inside me all day, the belt firmly secured around my waist and between
my legs, ensured that it stayed in place, and once he set the control on it, my
destiny was his.

My breasts, swollen
and straining under the bra that he chose. 2 sizes smaller than normal it was
overflowing with my cleavage, noticeable to all my workmates who did nothing to
hide their disgust. The see through blouse also helped, he liked to leave only
small pieces of my puzzle to the imagination of my workmates.

&nbsp;

They knew what I
was, the day I was found giving my �Super� a blowjob from under his desk sealed
my fate. Before that, it was just rumours that I was a slut, rumours that I
would fuck anyone, and office gossip when I was seen out at a bar with him,
being pimped to 5 or 6 men on that particular night. The fact is, it was one of
my blowjobs, whilst being fucked by another Company executive that landed me
the job in the first place. The cost for me, sex on tap for them both. The cost
for them, my skills and expertise with the bonus significant investment from
Master.

&nbsp;

Master owns me, he
decided what I do, when, where, who with, and how it is to be done. I gave
myself to him 2 years ago, in exchange for my keep, his company and lave, and
the opportunity to fulfill my fantasies.

We are in a 24/7
BDSM M/S relationship.

&nbsp;

Tonight is special.
We are meeting with many representatives of a charity that my Master supports.
My function is to service the men and woman who Master sends to me. My duties
for the night begin with servicing Master and end with servicing him before we
sleep.

&nbsp;

This morning, the
routine started out as usual. We woke around 6.30am, I prepared the shower for
him, washed his body, offered my body for his use, this usually requires me to
suck his hardness until he releases, he then fingers or fists me, inserting a
plug or toy into one of my holes, always refusing me an orgasm, then we dress,
eat our breakfast and leave for work.

The ride in the car
takes us 20 minutes. I am usually required to masturbate to orgasm in the car,
leaving my sexual odour and juices on the seat for him, ensuring that I arrive
at work in an aroused and sensual state.

&nbsp;

Today was slightly
different. Master fingered me hard, I was very close to cumming when he pulled
out and inserted the vibrator. 

He then pulled the
custom-made leather chastity belt around my waist and threaded it between my
legs. He fastened the thick straps with a padlock to the back, pushed the strap
between my legs, sending the vibrator higher inside me and turned it on.

The trip in the car
was excruciating for me, the vibrator buzzed at moderate speed for the whole
trip, but I was not permitted to touch myself. Once at the office, he slowed it
down, just so that I could feel the humming buzz inside me for the day. The
belt made it hard to walk, the straps were all about 3� wide, and they were
tightly fitted to me. I was unable to go to the bathroom for the day and unable
to fit my finger under the strap to relieve myself.

&nbsp;

�The bra that he chose for me was cutting into
my body. It too was padlocked on so that I was unable to relieve the pressure
on my tits. My nipples were crushed against the thick lace, hard and erect from
the constant stimulation that I was experiencing.

&nbsp;

�I said, have you
finished?' The voice suddenly boomed into my head.

I jumped with a
start in my chair. �Oh, uh, yes.. Yes I have the report right here.�

�Good, bring it
into my office, we need to review it.�

I knew what this
meant. I rose from my chair and followed him into his office.

He shut the door
behind me as I stood in front of his large mahogany desk, I could feel him move
closer to me and I shivered.

�Bend over Slut.�

I obeyed, placing
my hands on the desk, leaning forwards until my forehead touched to surface.

He ran his hand
under my skirt and came to the belt.

�What the fuck.!!�

�It is my Masters
belt sir. I am preparing for this evening.�

�This evening, what
is this evening?�

�The charity event.
I am going there with him.�

�So why the belt.�

�There is a toy
inside Sir.�

�Really.�

�Yes Sir.�

�Hmm. Too bad for
me I guess. I was in the mood for a fuck.� He ran his hand over my cheeks,
pressing his crotch against me. I could feel his hard cock through his
trousers. His hand moved between my legs and pressed the belt hard.

�Please Sir. Allow
me to suck you.�

�Guess that will
have to do then. Turn around, lie on the desk, put your head over the edge on
the other side.�

�But Sir, what if
your secretary comes in.�

�She wont, anyway,
do as you�re told slut. Don�t question me.�

�Yes Sir.� I lay
across his desk as requested. My head hanging over the edge of the desk looking
upside down at his chair. His fingers were running up and down the belt between
my legs, moving the vibrator inside me and increasing the flow of juices. 

&nbsp;

�Open wide slut.�

I opened my mouth
as he thrust his cock forward at me. It was very hard and he plunged it deep
into my throat. I am well trained and do not gag, maintaining pressure on the
cock whilst massaging it with my tongue as he thrust.

He leaned forwards
and pulled the belt at my waist. The harder he thrust, the harder he pulled
until I was almost climaxing myself. This is strictly against the rules, and he
knows that Master will remove me if I cum without his permission.

His thrusts gain
momentum as he holds my head still and fucks my mouth hard. His juice releases
deep in my throat as I �sssp� on his cock, to increase the stimulation for his
orgasm. His knees give way and he staggers, pulling his cock out and clutching
the desk.

�Ohhh goddd that
was amazing. You are one fucking good whore.�

�Thank You Sir.�

&nbsp;

He helped me from
the desk and released me from his office. The others in my area stared at me
when I walked past and some whispered. I returned to my desk, gathered my
handbag and left for the day.

&nbsp;

Master was waiting
in the car. I greeted him with a kiss and we sped home to prepare for the
evening. First on the agenda would be to service Master. This could take many
forms, some pleasurable to me, some torturous and painful, but this was my
life.

The vibrator sprang
into life immediately, not a word was spoken. Master drove, I concentrated on
my breathing as my clit grew, nipples hardened more and my pussy juices flowed.

The car swung
through the gates and into the garage. I was not permitted to move until
instructed, so I sat and waited.

Master got out and
went inside, I sat, afraid to move as the vibrator buzzed on the highest
setting inside me.

He returned to the
car, opened the door and pointed to the floor. I got out of the car and
straight onto my knees at his feet. He raised my skirt over my buttocks and
slowly ran his hand between my legs. He felt along my inner thighs and back up
the crack of my buttocks before presenting his fingers to me to clean.

�There is juice on
them Slut, that is good. Did you perform for your Super today.�

�Yes Master. He
ordered a blow-job from me.�

�Did you cum?�

�No Master.�

�Are you sure?�

�Yes Master.� I
began to panic. If he thought that I came without permission, he would flog me
for lying to him.

�Correct answer my
Slut. Now crawl to your room and undress for me. I wish to follow and watch you
as you crawl for me�

�Yes Master.�
Relieved I began to crawl in front of him, but after a few movements he cracked
the crop across my left cheek. I gasped but continued to crawl. He continued to
crop my bare cheek until I was beside the bed where I stopped and began to
undress, still on my knees.

&nbsp;

�Suck me hard.�

I opened my mouth
and took him inside, slowly, gently sucking his cock as I removed my blouse and
undid my skirt. His cock stiffened quickly and his thrusts became more
forceful.

�Look at me slut.�

I raised my eyes to
his as I sucked his hardness to my best ability. He reached down and pinched my
nipples. Still looking at my eyes, he pulled and twisted them hard until I
winced with the pain.

He pulled out of my
mouth.

�Stand and turn
around.�

Master undid the
locks and removed the belt and my bra. My body sprang to life as the tightness
was released around my waist and chest.

Master grabbed my hair
and bent me over, my head pressed hard onto the bed.

His fingers
explored my pussy, gaining moisture to be rubbed against my bud before the
fingers found their way inside. He stimulated my hole with 1 then 2 then 3
fingers, while the vibrator buzzed inside my pussy. Pumping his fingers in and
out, he released his grip on my hair and fingered my pussy until the buzzing
intruder was extracted, only to be re-introduced to my stimulated rectum. I
groaned deeply as he pushed it inside me. My senses were electric and he knew I
was close to the edge.

His hand returned
to my hair, pulling my head upwards as his cock thrust into my pussy.

�Ohh goddd Master�
Ohhh gooddddd..�

�Cum on my command
slut� only on my command.�

He pumped his cock
deep into me. Hard and fast, using my hair as a lever he pushed my body to and
fro as his cock fucked me. 

Oh, Oh, ah, ah, oh,
oh, ahh, ahh.. He pumped and pumped, hard and fast for what seemed like an
eternity.

�Ohhh� Ohhhh.� I
was frantic

�Cum
NOWWWWWWWWWWW.�

�Aggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh�
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Yeessssssssssssssssss.�

Our cries rang out
in unison as we came hard and long together.

&nbsp;

I collapsed like a
rag doll, Master on top of my body, panting loudly, his heart beating on my
back as we lay and recovered.

�Sub. Time to dress.
Prepare the shower.�

�Yes Master.�

The night was about
to begin. My excitement was building.

&nbsp;

I loved it when we
went out and Master �pimped� me. He would invite other men and their women if
they wished, to fuck me while he watched.

There were rules;�- ��������� Only
1 Male or 1 Male and his Female at a time.���������������������������������� 2
Condoms were to be worn at all times, including blowjobs.

����������������������������������������������� When
Master said enough, the Male would leave immediately.

����������������������������������������������� No
smoking.

����������������������������������������������� I
would only receive oral sex with Master�s approval.

������������������������������� Anal
sex was only at Masters permission after significant stimulation.

������������������������������� No
dry fucking at all.

������������������������������� No
toys were allowed, we provided our own and Master would do insertions.

&nbsp;

The men were all
strangers to me. Sometimes by special request, I would be blindfolded so that I
did not recognize them should they return.

Many of the men did
come back for seconds. It was exciting for me to have them return and exciting
for them to have their fantasies fulfilled by me again.

&nbsp;

Master would survey
the crowd for potential suitors. I was always dressed in a sluttish manner. My
cleavage always revealed and skirts always reasonably short. My bras were
always tight and nipples stimulated. Sometimes Master would apply bands to them
so that they stood out even more.

My heels were
always sensible, no 6-inch porn heels for me as the risk of injury was too
great.

&nbsp;

Once a potential
candidate was spotted, Master would move in, me at his side. My short stature
meant that the majority of the men looked down at me, straight down the front
of my blouse. If an agreement was struck, the candidate would be given an
address, usually a motel room nearby, and the meeting would be set up.

We would all leave
together, walking or taking a cab to the room. I would be accessible to the
candidate immediately, brushing against him with my tits, allowing him to touch
me or reach under my skirt and feel my pussy whilst in the car. I would stroke
his cock, mostly by the time we arrive at the room the cocks are ready to burst
out at first chance.

Usually we would
start with a drink while I stripped down to bra and thong. I would then let him
touch me while removing his clothes.

Master would also
strip and make suggestions as to what we could all do. Mostly, the candidate
would opt for a blowjob before fucking me, while Master would finger me to
stimulation and them I would suck him whilst being fucked. Rarely did master
cum during these sessions as the candidates usually blew their load quickly
then take off out of there. 

&nbsp;

If they wanted to
take their time, Master would assist with positioning me, any bondage that they
discussed and the type of sex. I was always silent unless spoken to, sometimes
gagged, and always willing to obey. 

Anal sex was also a
regular request, this would take a fair amount of stimulation for me, usually
entailing some oral from Master while I sucked the candidate and he watched
Master at work, fingering and stretching my arse. Once satisfied, the candidate
could fuck my arse doggy style while I was gagged and master fingered my clit
and pussy.

&nbsp;

As each candidate
finished, I would wash myself, touch up my make up and� re-dress, usually in a different outfit ready
for the next candidate.

So as to avoid
being busted for suspected prostitution, we moved from place to place,
sometimes clubs, bars, restaurants, even shopping centers would be targeted so
that we would find suitable candidates. 

Master usually
aimed for 5 per night before taking me home, fucking me hard himself and then
chaining me to the bed for the night. Depending on my performance, my comfort
levels would be determined by the chains. Normal chaining was from my collar to
the bedrails, with one arm and the opposite leg also chained. This allowed me
to move and be moved by master for his use. 

Poor performance
would not be rewarded with any freedom and I would be chained tightly to the
foot of the bed on the floor. My head would be hooded and breasts either tied
with rope or clamped hard. My arms stretched out wide, legs spread and chained
tightly to the bed rails at waist height. I would be required to sit with my
pussy resting on gravel, small pebbles or coarse sandpaper until morning, when
Master would release me and punish me accordingly. Poor performance would be
when we failed to find enough candidates or I was unable to perform adequately
to make the candidate cum to Masters satisfaction.

Good performance
allowed me to be chained to the bed with Master, usually with my head at his
cock where I would be required to suck it on command, and my pussy at his head
for him to use as he wishes. This was gauged on the response of the candidates
and bookings for future meetings.

Nothing in between
was ever discussed; I either did well, or poorly and paid the price. Always a
great incentive to do well.

&nbsp;

Payment was never
an issue. I was not paid for my services, as I am a slut, not a working whore.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chooky104


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





