BDSM Library - Mary\'s Plea




Mary\'s Plea
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl is kidnapped and held by a violent master. This is my 1st story and I plan on updating so give me comments and suggestions.







�Mary�s Plea�





 
   
   jim
  2
  1212
  2006-07-25T00:43:00Z
  2006-07-25T00:43:00Z
  1
  1511
  8619
   
  71
  20
  10110
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








�Mary�s
Plea�

����������� It
was fairly early in the morning when Mary Brown�s mother, Sue, woke her up at
around 7:00 AM. Mary didn�t like being
woken up on Saturday mornings, but Mrs. Brown did not mind doing so. She
stretched her arms and slowly climbed out of her soft bed and stood on her
feet. She immediately went to the bathroom for her shower.

����������� Mary,
who was only 14, was surprisingly weak for her age. She was only 4�10 and no
more than 90lbs and wasn�t able to do much with her tiny size, except
gymnastics. However, her beauty was known through out the small town of Blue
  Hills, Maine. She had long and
bright brown hair and beautiful brown eyes that made every man that past her stare. Her face was very attractive and she had the best
smile of anyone she knew, especially with the braces she had. She had fair skin
that became pale every time she was exposed to the cold. 

����������� Surprisingly,
Mary was never a slut, nor a flirt. Instead she was very sweet, innocent, and
shy. She had only one boyfriend her whole life. They never broke up although
many males were praying for it. His biggest worry was guys hitting on her, and
he having to protect her. This was a frequent occasion, amazingly about once a
week. 

����������� Mary
walked down the stairs to get her breakfast and he mother said, �Are you ready
for your Winter Formal tonight?�

����������� Mary
blushed and nodded. �Yeah, I think. Matthew said he was going to make it very
special. I don�t know what it is quite yet, but he said tonight was going to be
my fairy tale.�

����������� Mrs.
Brown smiled and said, �He�s a sweet boy. I am very glad you picked him, Now
let�s hurry you gotta get yourself ready.�

����������� The
day was long for the mother and her daughter. They went to the salon and had
Mary�s hair put in beautiful curls. They bought make-up and finally finished
with a buttoner for Matthew. It was now 3:00
the dance was in four hours. Mary�s heart was racing. She was very excited and
could not believe this night had actually come. She called Matthew and
confirmed she was ready. She hung up and they drove to her house to get her
ready.

����������� After
an hour her bedroom Mary walked down the steps stunning her family with her
astounding beauty. She was wearing a white strapless dress with pink flower
designs just above where her tiny breasts were. The dress had many diamonds and
crystals that made the dress shine with beauty and glory. Her hair was in
beautiful curls that were long enough to reach her breasts as the rest of her
hair touched near her waste. She hide clear heeled shoes on, which the long
dress covered must of. Her make up included lip gloss, bright pink eye shadow
(both with glitter), mascara, blush, and glitter which was all over her body,
all of which worked together to make her look very pretty. She also had glitter
spread in her hair arms and face, something she usually did because she was a
gymnast.� She also had hot pink nail
polish on all ten fingers and toes. Finally had two simple gold ear rings, one
in each ear, and a cross necklace given to her by her great grandmother when
she was only four. 

����������� �Honey,
you look gorgeous,� Mrs. Brown said admiring her daughter�s addicting elegance.

����������� �Thanks
Mommy,� she replied. Suddenly the door bell rang and she screams and hid behind
a wall as Mrs. Brown answered the door and let in the handsomely dressed
Matthew in. He called for Mary to come and said, �Wow! You look out of this
world. I can�t believe it.�

����������� �Are
you sure it�s not too much,� she asked shyly.

����������� �You
look lovely. C�mon, we have to get going.�

����������� She
gave Matthew his buttoner as he gave Mary her courage. They left quickly into
his car. Matthew was 16 and owned a donated �98 Toyota Camry, which provided a
relaxing casual ride. He kissed her and began to drive.

����������� Matthew
Kendrick, Mary�s loving boyfriend, was always there to help Mary have the best
and safest life she could have. He frequently protected her from men who tried
to harass her. He would always hold her when she was crying. He would tickle
her when she was happy. He was just an all out loving boyfriend. They talked
many times about their future, which usually led to the conversation of
marriage. Even though he had not yet proposed, many people thought that they
were going to be married one day.

����������� They
met when he was nine and she was seven. They soon became close friends. As time
went on and she became eleven, Matthew finally asked her out. She accepted
without hesitation and the two have remained boyfriend and girlfriend since.
Matthew promised her he would save her if anything bad would happen, but
tonight everything was threatened. 



����������� Half-way to the school, they were
going through a stretch of road cutting right through the forest. Although such
roads were common in Maine,
Matthew did not like driving on a winding road when it�s snowy and dark. He
drove slowly being careful to watch for moose, deer, or anything else. Suddenly
gunfire rang out as they passed a small village and the car was stopped. Mary
freaked out and began to cry as Matthew tried to comfort his frightened
girlfriend. Soon men rushed the car and grabbed the now terrified Mary and forced
her into a car and drove off. Matthew tried to save her but was knocked out by
the butt of gun.



����������� Mary
woke up to find herself bound by at least four layers of duct tape in a dungeon
� like room. She tried to scream for help but found her mouth was securely too.
She cried for an hour with tears going down her soft face causing her mascara
to smear down her face. Suddenly the door open and a man with a mask on walked
in and up to Mary, who helplessly looked up at her captor hoping nothing bad
would happen. These hopes would not come true though.

����������� He
ripped the tape off her mouth and she screamed in pain and in fear. She was
trembling too scared to speak to her kidnapper. The man walked around her
slowly as if he was examining the poor girl. He kicked her to see what she
would do. She cried harder as a reaction. She finally became more scared of the
dead silence and decided to speak.

����������� �Who
are you? And what are you going to do with me?� she cried struggling helplessly
against the bounds. There was no answer. He hit her harder and made he scream
and finally he stood in front of her and looked down at her face.

����������� �Give
me your name, your age, and your boyfriend�s number,� the man said sternly. His
voice was deep and it sounded as evil as can be. Mary had begun to worry if
Satan had turned human and kidnapped her. She didn�t know how to respond and
immediately yelled back, �No!�

����������� Without
saying a word the man brought out a paddle and hit her tiny bottom with it,
hard. �You will follow my orders or the punishments will be much worse.�

����������� She
nodded and said, �I�m Mary Brown, and I am 14 years old. My boyfriend�s number
is 207-313-3393.� She felt horrible feeling that Matthew was in danger and it
was her fault. She kept thinking of what to do, but she was too scared to do
anything but cry. She was almost too scared to even do that. 

,���������� The
man began to untie her wrists and saying, �If you move you will be beaten very
harshly.� When he was finished and began to carefully remove the dress, trying
not to rip it. Then he violently snatched her undergarments which made the girl
scream louder. She was naked in front of him, feeling very humiliated. She knew
something horrible was coming.

����������� The
man began to play with her little A-cup breasts as she struggled against the
ropes. He hit her and told her not to even try. She finally stopped, as he
moved down to her pussy. She had not shaved it before; she had no need to
because the hairs were just growing and were quite small. She never had someone
touch her before and she was quite angry and in a foolish impulse she lurched
out and bit the man without letting go. He began to struggle but she had a
tough and painful bite, especially with her braces. He took a knife and stabbed
her arm. She screamed and immediately grabbed her arm. He began to take a
paddle and beat her with it mercilessly. When the slaughter was over, a little
over than a minute later, she was passed out with her nose bleeding, two black
eyes, red all over, and a near useless body.

����������� Mary
woke up late in the night feeling dizzy and weak. She began to cry quietly
trying not to wake her sleeping captor. She began to crawl through the dark
torture chamber. She saw a door and opened it, hoping he had made a mistake and
let a door unlocked. When she peaked in the room, she screamed. Inside was an
execution chamber with blood all over it. It had a noose, a stake for burning,
many bloody gadgets, guns, and most frighteningly, a coffin with the name Mary
printed on the top. As she turned around he was there.

����������� Mary
Brown was not the first of Nate Cunningham�s prisoners. He had been on the
FBI�s top ten list for about year when Mary was kidnapped. He had been directly
responsible for exactly twelve kidnappings and murders of girls. The ages of
the girls ranges from sixteen (making Mary the youngest) to forty-seven. All of
the girls who were kidnapped were slain in different ways, but followed a
pattern. Kidnapping, torture, rape, and murder. Nate was very slow of this
process too, especially in his killing where he liked to see his helpless
victims suffer certain doom.

����������� A
year before he had killed a woman named Felicity McDaniel, 24, in the cruelest
way the investigators had seen. When her body was found she had been impaled,
was missing a hand and her large breasts. Others were missing organs, had been
burnt alive, and some had been shot or stabbed to death. Only one however had
been reported to have been beaten to death. His cruel reputation made him the
most feared man in New England. Sadly no one was ever
able to find him, and those who did were killed by his gang that usually
guarded his hiding spots. Simply put, no one wanted to mess with him.

����������� He
picked up Mary and threw her back into the normal torture chamber. She was
scared as she could be, knowing she is lucky to be alive. He tied her tightly
and kicked her. He left the room and said, �Don�t try to escape. You are next
if you do. �

����������� She
cuddled into a ball and cried.

����������� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Matthew1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





