BDSM Library - The Man Bitch




The Man Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: One of an ongoing series of tales of poor david, slave to the merciless Natalie, and her lover, Gareth. If bisex does not appeal, do not read on!







&quot;I need to see you be fucked,&quot; Natalie purred, stroking
david's head as he lie curled up at the foot of the bed

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  5
  2006-07-29T00:53:00Z
  2006-07-29T00:53:00Z
  1
  2251
  12833
   
  106
  30
  15054
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&quot;I
need to see you be fucked,&quot; Natalie purred, stroking david's head as he
lie curled up at the foot of the bed.

&nbsp;

Beside
her, Gareth made a grunting noise of approval, and peered down at the slave.
david said nothing, merely remained in his position, knowing full well that
initiative was undesired and would be punished.

&nbsp;

Natalie
grinned, a wicked grin that one would imagine on the face of a torturer or a
murderer, and beckoned at the slave, crooking her index finger. david slowly
moved up the bed, as he was bid, positioning himself between Gareth's beefy
hairy legs. he stared down at the older man's thick flaccid cock, which dangled
over a large pair of low-hanging balls, covered in the same thick grey hair as
his legs. Despite being in his late 50s, Gareth was still quite physically
imposing, and his virility was never called into question when he had plunged
his thick cock deeply into Natalie's willing holes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Make
him wet, get him nice and soaking,&quot; Natalie commanded, simply.

&nbsp;

david
nodded, and lowered his open mouth to the thick cock, teasing the foreskin and
the veins that ran beneath it with the tip of his tongue. The cock sprang to
life almost immediately, and Gareth absently stroked david's head as he
continued his tongueing. david moved his mouth to take the head of the cock
inside as it grew, and moaned softly as the cock became hard in his warm, wet
oral cavity. Gareth stroked the boy's head, and gently, but firmly, pushed it
down, knowing the slave was fully capable of taking the large phallus in his
throat.

&nbsp;

david
made a gagging sound as the engorged member forced its way down his throat,
making both Gareth and Natalie moan with pleasure. A thin trickle of saliva
escaped the corner of david's stretched mouth as it attempted to lubricate the
passage of this beast. Grabbing his head, Gareth forced david up and down,
allowing him to fuck the slave's mouth and throat with his now fully-erect
penis. david gagged again, but if Gareth noticed he didn't register, merely
pushed harder, so that david's face was buried in his curly grey pubic hair.

&nbsp;

david ran
his hands over Gareth's generous belly, and across his hairy chest, as he
welcomed the intruder deep into his throat. Precum flowed steadily from the
cock, sliding down the back of david's throat as he accepted the oral ravaging.
Breathing proved difficult as he strained around the massive intruder in his
mouth, which was by now at its full eight inch length, but he managed a few
quick ragged breaths, mostly through his nose, in between thrusts. 

&nbsp;

Sensing
that the little cock slut might well get him to cum, Gareth eased up in his
thrusting, and yanked the slave off his cock. david gasped for air as his head
was lifted free of the phallus, a string of precum and saliva oozing from his
mouth. Gareth's cock was rock hard now, and glistening with david's saliva.
Beckoning to the slave to lie down on his back, he rose from the bed, and moved
to stand between the slave's legs, which hung over the edge of the bed.

&nbsp;

Natalie
nodded with satisfaction as david raised his legs, exposing his hairless ass to
the older man. Despite having never touched a guy before he met his Owner, david
had become an experienced cockslut, ever since his 'initiation' at the hands of
several biker friends of his Owner. Natalie glanced down to ensure that david's
cock remained firmly locked by its heavy piercings, a large hoop through the
head of his cock padlocked to a similar loop in his frenum, which he was
required to wear at all times. The piercings did not block access to his ass,
which was well used to constant fucking to amuse his Owner.

&nbsp;

Natalie
had always been incredibly aroused by watching men violate her slaves, and took
great delight in thinking up new and various ways to torture them as much as
possible in the process. Forcing a young man to become the bitch of older men
was part of the degradation and humiliation required to break their will to her
own- she did not want subs, she wasn't a Mistress, she wanted slaves, she was
their Owner. And she had much more in store for her latest acquisition. But all
in good time...

&nbsp;

Gareth
had raised david's legs, and allowed himself to see his hairless exposed anus,
which gaped slightly from his training plug, which the slave was required to
wear at all times. It was only removed when it was absolutely necessary, and
was always replaced immediately afterwards. Natalie was fond of yanking it out
without notice, and replacing it with whatever she could find around the house,
be it a bottle, a length of piping, or her fist. As a result, david's anus
never fully contracted anymore- it always remained open, which is how she
desired her slaves. Loose and ready.

&nbsp;

Applying
a gob of saliva to his fingers, Gareth jabbed roughly at the slave's anus,
jamming two fingers in past the knuckles. Natalie had told him to be as rough
as possible with her slaves, and as long as he was getting to fuck, he didn't
complain. Abusing the slaves didn't do as much for him as it did for his
friend, but nor did he particularly care if he damaged them a little (or a lot)
during a session. They were just her fuckmeat anyway, and he barely considered
them as human.

&nbsp;

Yanking
out his digits, he forced them into david's mouth, and the slave obediently
sucked the saliva from the older man's fingers. Thorough, constant douching was
always required of Natalie's slaves, although again Gareth wouldn't
particularly care what the slave thought of sucking things after they'd been
impaled in his ass. david was, after all, always required to clean everything
that had been up there thoroughly, so the onus was on him to ensure he had
cleaned himself beforehand. 

&nbsp;

On this
particular day, however, Natalie had administered a series of painful enemas
prior to Gareth's arrival, filling the slave with icy cold water until his
stomach bloated, then ordering him to expel the contents into a bucket, which
was disposed of outside. After spending nearly an hour doubled over with
cramps, david was finally spared further torture, and his plug had been
replaced, while Natalie prepared for the evening's entertainment. She had in
the past been horribly embarrassed by one of her suitors getting shit on their
cock from one of her slaves, and as such now always gave brutally efficient
deep cleansing enemas, at least 5 or 6, prior to any session. Eating for the
previous 12 hours was also prohibited, to ensure that her slaves were spotless
for her guests.

&nbsp;

Gareth
had begun probing the slave's anus again, hooking his fingers just inside and
pulling, to force the muscles to relax further so they could accomodate his
huge cock. Occasionally he would move to Gareth's head, and lay his cock across
the slave's mouth, so he could reapply the only lubricant he would be using.
david of course tried to make it as soaking wet as possible, to reduce the
inevitable pain from his imminent reaming. Gareth fucked like a machine; david
had seen Natalie nearly pass out during an intense fucking, and as such he was
preparing for the worst.

&nbsp;

Finally
satisfied with his bitch, Gareth positioned the swollen head of his enormous
cock at the entrance to david's rectum, steadying himself by grasping the
slave's hairless legs hard. With a grunt, he forced the first couple of inches
into the anus, which quickly yielded under the pressure. Only the concern of
friction burns on his cock caused Gareth to hesitate even remotely- with
sufficient lube he would have simply buried the entire shaft to the roots in
the first thrust, and slapped the little bitch around if he protested. But
painful experience taught him that dry fucking required different tactics, to
maximise the pain for the bottom, and not for the top.

&nbsp;

Natalie
watched approvingly as the thick cock worked its way slowly into her slave's
stretched and abused rectum. david groaned and his eyes fluttered as the
intruder invaded his bowels, which were still tender from the brutal regime of
enemas earlier that day. Noting this, Natalie made a snarling noise, and she
grabbed forcefully onto her slave's padlocked cock, squeezing and wrenching at
the flaccid member. david immediately shrieked in pain as her nails dug into
the phallus, and shrieked again when she used her other hand to grab his
hairless balls. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
the matter, cockslut? Does it hurt?' Natalie sneered mockingly, and yanked
savagely at his balls as Gareth sank another two inches in. 

&nbsp;

The
intense pain from his tortured balls combined with the monster ripping his anus
open caused david to nearly pass out. Natalie applied several stinging slaps to
his face, and yanked again savagely at his bound genitals. david let out a
hoarse cry, his eyes rolling back in his head, and at that moment Gareth sank
the final three inches into the violated rectum, his balls bouncing off of
david's ass cheeks, which were criss crossed with faint scars from innumerable
floggings.

&nbsp;

Natalie
looked up at Gareth and grinned, and he nodded. Slowly, almost gently,
withdrawing his organ, he moaned as it came free of the sucking anus, and noted
the gaping opening with satisfaction. Natalie stood back, reluctantly releasing
her grip, and Gareth replaced her, positioning his cock at the semi-conscious
slave's mouth, forcing it inside. david, despite his pain, was well trained,
and he automatically sucked and licked the older man's cock, tasting his own
fluids. 

&nbsp;

Once
david had thoroughly lubricated Gareth's cock, replacing the saliva removed
from the initial entry, Gareth returned to his position at david's legs,
lifting them once more and positioning his thick member at the entrance to his
abused ass. Grunting, he thrust himself in once more, this time moving faster,
and with more force. david moaned as the older man made several quick thrusts,
and then moaned again when he withdraw, opening his mouth to apply fresh lubricant.

&nbsp;

This
process continued, Gareth moving back and forth between the slave's two
orifices, until david's ass was soaking with his own saliva. When Gareth was
able to bury himself to the hilt without friction, he began fucking in earnest,
deep powerful strokes, where he would withdraw until only the very tip of his
cock was inside the slave, then with one thrust burying himself to the hilt.
His balls slapped on david's ass as he built in tempo, and he began to grunt
with exertion as he savagely fucked the bruised anus of the slave.

&nbsp;

david was
crying out and almost weeping, the pleasant nature of anal sex not present in
this brutal ravaging. Gareth would spit gobs of saliva into his open mouth as
he worked him, pressing down with his body weight to pin the slave with his
legs up as he ravaged his anus. Natalie stared with obvious lust at the
spectacle, this hairy old beast ravaging and raping her slave, forcing his
massive cock deep inside his hole. Several sessions of this would leave the
slave's anus irredeemably altered, unable to ever return to its original
tightness.

&nbsp;

david
began to weep as he surrendered himself to the vicious ass fucking, grabbing
onto Gareth's broad shoulders, almost as if trying to drag him in deeper.
Surprised and a little more turned on, Gareth fucked with increased vigour,
pumping his thick cock in and out as quick as he could. Finally, it was too
much, and with a great cry he climaxed, exploding deep inside the slave's
thoroughly fucked ass, filling it with globs of sticky white cum, thoroughly
coating the insides. Gareth was a very heavy cummer, his thick low hanging
balls producing copious amounts of sperm, and david's ass was now thoroughly
inseminated.

&nbsp;

Gareth
looked down at the slave, laughing at the sweat covered, exhausted face beneath
him, and spit once more, directly into his mouth, nodding with approval as
david obediently swallowed. Not one for long pauses, Gareth wrenched himself
free of the slave, his cock popping out, trailing a string of cum and saliva.
Natalie moved to inspect her slave's thoroughly fucked anus, and almost gasped
when she saw the gaping passage, oozing a steady stream of fluid. She almost
came on the spot, just from looking, and she had to pause a second to gather
herself.

&nbsp;

Gareth
had moved to the slave's mouth, and without a word clambered atop, sitting
astride the slave on his chest, his slowly softening cock positioned over his
mouth. david obediently took the cock into his mouth, relishing the sweet taste
of the virile old man's seed, mixed with his own juices. Once he was satisfied,
Gareth repositioned himself, moving around and lowering his hairy ass onto the
slave's face, his sweaty balls placed in the slave's mouth, for some much
needed aftercare.

&nbsp;

david
sucked and licked the balls that filled his mouth, his nose buried in the man's
anus. Gareth groaned at the tender ministrations, and almost began to get hard
again, such was david's oral skills. Natalie looked impatient hover, so he
reluctantly began to rise, pausing only to position his anus directly over the
slave's mouth, allowing david's probing tongue to tease the ring of muscle,
before rising. david moaned, a little disappointed, but remained still.

&nbsp;

Natalie
had jammed her fingers into david's fucked asshole, not surprised when they
barely touched the sides. Scooping up as much of Gareth's semen as she could,
she moved to force her fingers into her slave's mouth, not saying a word,
knowing he knew what to do. david sucked hungrily at the juices coating his
Owner's hand, cleaning Gareth's copious volume of seed expertly. Natalie made
several such extractions, scooping as much of the ejaculate from her slave's
distended ass as she could find.

&nbsp;

Satisfied,
Natalie kissed her slave on the forehead, noting with satisfaction that he had
swallowed all of the semen she had fed him. He had been rather good, she had to
admit, of course not to him, however. Gareth moved to stand behind Natalie, and
with a grin she turned and kissed him passionately, ensuring david could see
how she treated a real man, and not her slave, who would never be permitted to
do such a thing. david merely sighed and watched as his Owner embraced her
lover, his useless, flaccid cock unable to react due to the heavy piercings
that held it forever in place. 

&nbsp;

Breaking
free from Gareth's embrace, Natalie turned to her slave and stared at him
disdainfully.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
a mess. Clean yourself up. And the room, too. If I find any of your disgusting
presence here in fifteen minutes, I will have Gareth bind you to the tree and
flog you,&quot; Natalie sneered at her slave, and applied a sudden blow to his
groin as motivation.

&nbsp;

david
cried out in obvious agony, doubling up and rolling off the bed, hitting the
floor at Gareth's feet. Gareth nudged him with his foot, displaying no sympathy
whatsoever. Crying, david slowly crawled to his feet, and without a word began
to clean the room, hobbling painfully as he cradled his abused genitals. A thin
trickle of fluid oozed out of his ravaged asshole, which he barely noticed. 

&nbsp;

Natalie turned
and exited the room, Gareth following close behind him, leaving david alone in
the messy bedroom.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Their Toilet Boy

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-08-03T23:34:00Z
  2006-08-03T23:34:00Z
  1
  1314
  7493
   
  62
  17
  8790
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Their
Toilet Boy

&nbsp;

Natalie
awoke at about 6:30am, roused from the most arousing dream by the dog barking
in the house next door. Terrific. A fortune spent on an exclusive residence in
an upmarket suburb, and the people next door are trailer park refugees.
Sighing, Natalie rubbed the sleep from her eyes and peered over at Gareth, who
remained snoring, oblivious to the noises outside. 

&nbsp;

Allowing
her eyes to run over Gareth's sleeping form, she acknowledged, not for the
first time, that for a man pushing sixty he was quite the stud. Granted he had
a spreading belly, and his hair was grey, but he was strong, nonetheless, and
possessed of a bull cock that could fuck like a piston all night, with a
virility that would make an eighteen year old cry with envy. Natalie traced her
fingers over Gareth's flaccid cock, impressively large even when not aroused,
tickling the sensitive flesh with her nails.

&nbsp;

Gareth
stirred, and opened his eyes. Noticing Natalie grinning wickedly at him, he
didn't even bother trying to protest. He yawned as she gently massaged his cock
into a healthy erection, and moaned as she eased her curvy frame onto him,
slowly lowering her pussy, wet from the memories of her dream, onto his
engorged member, groaning as the considerable girth of the cock forced her
open.

&nbsp;

Turning
around as she rode her lover, she noted david, her naked, hairless slave, lying
on a blanket on the floor, chained to the bedpost. He was awake, good. She
nodded at him, once, knowing he knew his duty. He was to watch while Gareth
pleasured her in ways he never could, thrusting and jackhammering into her,
making her wail and scream as he pounded her pussy raw, before exploding in a
glorious climax, showering her insides with his seed.

&nbsp;

And so it
was that morning, Natalie bucking like a bronco as she rode the older man's
enormous cock, her pussy hungrily devouring the member, seeking to drain it
dry. Gareth was a potent stud, but Natalie always managed to exhaust him, and
when he finally climaxed, it was with a sense of relief. david was kneeling behind
her, the chain allowing him sufficient room to reach the pair. He remained
still as they finished, relishing in their passionate lovemaking. 

&nbsp;

Finally
Natalie was done, and without ceremony she climbed off Gareth's softening cock,
chiding him for his lack of stamina. david instantly leapt to work, and Gareth,
used to this, merely lay back as the slave eagerly sucked their juices from his
shaft, working it vigorously with an experienced mouth and tongue. Semen and
vaginal juices mingled in his mouth, and he swallowed as he hungrily devoured
the issue of their lovemaking from the spent cock.

&nbsp;

Finishing
Gareth, he turned to Natalie, who lay with her legs spread wide, her hairless
pussy oozing a trickle of semen. Gareth had unloaded a vast amount, as usual,
but she was endeavouring to keep it in for her slave. She delighted in the
nasty slutboy eating her lover's cum from her fucked pussy and ass whenever she
demanded it, and today was no different. He hungrily lapped at her sopping
pussy, licking the mingled juices hungily, and accepting the leaking stream of
cum that now poured out.

&nbsp;

Once he
had thoroughly cleaned out his Owner's pussy, he lay on his back, face up.
Natalie rose and lowered herself onto his face, placing her pussy directly over
it. The last drops of Gareth's copious load poured into david's mouth,
accompanied by a sudden stream of piss, the hot, salty urine carrying the
pungent taste that only morning piss can. As usual, david gagged briefly at the
taste and smell, but dutifully swallowed the strong fluid, gulping his Owner's
waste down as it poured from her pussy.

&nbsp;

When she
was finished, she repositioned herself so her anus was directly over his mouth,
and absently frigged herself as he lapped at her other orifice, relishing the
texture of his Owner's rear. Natalie reached down to toy with the heavy ring
that pierced the slave's cockhead, locking it firmly to a matching ring in his
frenum. He had worn it for eight months now, one of the many symbols of Her
ownership of him. A tattoo that read 'Natalie's cockslut' covered the hairless
pubic bone above his constantly flaccid cock; a similar one was on the small of
his back. His ass was perpetually filled with a training plug, which had grown
progressively larger over the months- his current one was about eight inches
long and four inches wide, much the same as Gareth's cock, and david was
required to wear it any time he wasn't being used.

&nbsp;

david's
cock and balls were still bruised and swollen from a particularly intense
session of torture at an S/M club that they frequented, and Natalie was certain
one or two loads of semen were still in his ass- she was certain at least five
men had fucked him while he was in the stocks. No matter- if he made a mess,
he'd have to clean it up. With his tongue. She chuckled, and yanked savagely at
the ring, causing David to scream suddenly into her anus, almost making her
cum.

&nbsp;

Natalie
was a true sadist, and gained actual sexual pleasure from inflicting pain.
Sure, fucking was good, but nothing set her off like pain and humiliation of
her slaves. The biggest reason she liked fucking Gareth was that her slave had
to watch and clean them afterwards, further breaking his will down, and
reducing him to little more than an object. He drank her piss every morning-
failure to catch every drop and swallow it resulted in savage beatings that
rendered him unable to walk for a day. Any time she had to go, in fact, he was
expected to be ready to swallow it all. She had a girl at her gym that serviced
her when david was not available, and could not remember the last time she had
used a toilet to urinate.

&nbsp;

Finally
satisfied, she rose from david's face, and pushed him away. david moved over to
the side of the bed, and knelt there, mouth open. Gareth nodded, and sat in
front of the slave, placing his flaccid cock in his mouth, and letting go with
a jet of bitter piss, directly down the slave's throat. david swallowed the
foul tasting stuff, blinking at the taste and smell, but he did not hesitate.
Gareth was a big pisser, like he was a big cummer, and soon david's belly was
bloated with the urine of his Owner and her lover. 

&nbsp;

Gareth
found himself getting hard again, still taken with the novelty of a human
urinal, and he dragged david back onto the bed. Crawling over the slave, he
spat a large gob of saliva directly into david's mouth, something he delighted
in doing. Then he knelt over the slave's face, placing his puckered anus
directly over david's mouth. david immediately extended his tongue, probing and
licking at the tight anus, teasing it as he soaked it with his saliva.

&nbsp;

Gareth
groaned at the expert tongueing, and began to masturbate, his cock quickly
growing erect. Natalie watched as her slave performed what she liked to call
'anal head'; he was quite good at it, though of course she'd never admit as
such to him. She began to tug at his bruised genitals, which were never given a
chance to fully recover from any injury- in fact, she had to restrain herself
from mutilating them even more. She intended to eventually castrate him, once she
felt his training was complete, though she regretted that it would mean losing
something to torture.

&nbsp;

david
made muffled noises as Gareth ground his anus into his mouth, sucking and
licking as much as he could with the pressure. Natalie continued to tease his
poor cock and balls, noticing the scars from many previous sessions with a
sense of satisfaction. It was unlikely his abused genitals would ever function
normally again, though the injuries were not severe; david had become so
conditioned to their current state, he simply wouldn't know what to do.

&nbsp;

Feeling
himself close to cumming, Gareth rose from david's face, and thrust his swollen
cock into the slave's mouth, the foreskin pushed back from its swollen head,
and with a roar let a torrent of sticky semen flow into his mouth. david did
not swallow; instead, he kept his mouth open, pooled with semen, so that
Natalie could see him with it. She sometimes made him wait 5 to 10 minutes like
this, relishing in seeing this filthy whore let an old man cum in his mouth.

&nbsp;

Finally
she placed her hand over his mouth and nose, a sign he was allowed to swallow,
and david gulped the semen down, letting it slide down the back of his throat
to mingle with the gutfull of piss he had already consumed. Satisfied, Natalie
removed her hand, and pushed david off the bed. Gareth rose and went to prepare
for work, while Natalie decided to read for a while, as her slave sat crouched
on the floor beneath her. But this plan was swiftly interrupted. The dog was
barking again. Natalie sighed and reached for her crop. It was time to release
a little frustration...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jaybne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





