BDSM Library - The Sentence




The Sentence
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Adultery is a capital crime in this land punishable in the worst way







Man the sentence of this court for your immoral conduct is that:

 
  ddaynes
   jim
  2
  648
  2006-08-10T06:57:00Z
  2006-08-10T06:57:00Z
  1
  4302
  24523
  Morley Fund Management
  204
  57
  28768
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








We were taken
early one afternoon when we were making love in an old barn just outside town.
Our spouses came with the court officers and identified us. We were barely
aloud to put some clothing on before being dragged away. A night in the
dungeon, separate but in sight of each other was followed by a court appearance
the next morning. The trial was not going to be a long one and there was only
one verdict as we were caught in the act of adultery. There was also one
sentence, torture, humiliation and then death by crucifixion.� At least by the time we got to that we
wouldn�t be in a condition to suffer long. The dreaded sentence came soon.

�

�This court sentences you both for your adultery as
follows:

&nbsp;

Tonight you shall
be imprisoned in separate cages in the dungeon facing each other. At 9 in the
morning tomorrow you shall both taken to the square, stripped of your clothes
and displayed naked in public with cuffed wrists whilst your crimes and
sentence are read out.

&nbsp;

You shall then be
stretched between the posts facing each other and shaved of all hair on your
head and body. You shall then have hot peppers inserted into your anus and for
the women your vagina. The man shall have a pepper attached to his genitals.
Your chests shall be spread with honey to attract insects. You shall then be
put in punishment chains and left there until sunset whilst the peppers burn
into you. At sunset the garment and peppers will be removed and you shall be
taken to the dungeon in your chains and placed in the same cage.

&nbsp;

The second morning
you will both be taken back to the square and your chains removed. You will be
hung in a frame facing each other and flogged 100 strokes with the light whip
and 100 with the heavy whip in lots of 50 strokes. After each lot you will be
soaked with brine. You will remain hanging there until sunset when your chains
shall be restored and you will be removed to the dungeon and placed in the same
cage.

&nbsp;

The third morning
you will both be again be taken to the square and clad in your chains, with the
crotch chain released you will be sat on the �horse� facing each other with
weights attached to you ankles, and you wrists cuffed behind your back, until
sunset when your crotch chain will be replaced and you will be removed to the
dungeon and placed in the same cage.

&nbsp;

The forth morning you
will be returned to the square and your chains removed. You will be tied naked
to either side of the cross and left hanging there, until you shall die.

&nbsp;

Any person showing
mercy towards you from this time on will also be subject to the punishment
remaining to you.

.

&nbsp;

Account of the punishment from the condemned

&nbsp;

Day 1 (The Woman�s Story)

&nbsp;

After that
terrible sentence was pronounced we were dragged down to the dungeon and locked
in our cages facing each other but not quite able to touch. We were told to
remove our clothes which would be returned briefly the next morning. We were
then left alone and our desires overwhelmed us, knowing the next time we were
able to touch we would not be capable of any act of sex. We both masturbated
freely that night both to relieve our tension and to exhaust ourselves before
our punishment started.

&nbsp;

The next morning
our clothes were returned and our wrists were cuffed behind our backs. We were
taken out of the jail and straight into the square where we were led to the
large punishment platform in the centre. Climbing up to it we saw our spouses
and their families crying out for justice. When we got to the middle of the
platform our clothes were cut off us and it was then that the true extent of
the humiliation that would go with our pain started to come home to me. We
stood there facing the jeers of the crowd as the details of our adulterous
relationship were read out and our punishment confirmed to the crowd. We both
had magnificent bodies and the crowd called for us to re-enact our crimes on
the platform for their entertainment.

&nbsp;

Then came the
moment when our torture was to begin. We were each taken to one side of the
platform and stood between two posts. Our wrists were uncuffed and then cuffed
to leather bands attached to the posts by rope. The ropes were wound onto small
winches and they were tightened until my arms were horizontal. Then they were
tightened a little more to give me some pain and the realisation that this was
not going to be an easy way to spend the day. Cuffs, fixed to more ropes, were
then attached to my ankles and the ropes similarly tightened pulling my legs
apart until l I could only just keep my feet touching the ground. This total
display of my body with no hope of modesty mortified me and as I looked across
the platform at my partner I could only shudder at what I looked like hanging
there naked and spread.

&nbsp;

Then came the
shaving and with a twist I had not foreseen they had a man shave me and a woman
shave my partner. The head was not so bad. They cut my hair very short and then
used the razor to finish it. It was sore and stung but was soon over. Then the
humiliation of have my pubic hair removed. This time they rubbed soap and water
into the hair the man taking care to touch my sex as he did it. Then he knelt
very close to my lower regions and slowly started to shave being sure to handle
my genitals be to get the right angle. My whole person was mortified as cheers
and jeers went up around the square. I then knew why a quick death was often
seen as a mercy. When all was complete then man took a sponge and soaked it in
brine. He then mopped my head and pubic area and the sting of the brine
entering the wounds where the razor had nicked me made me twist and jerk in my
bonds causing me real pain.

&nbsp;

When I looked up I
saw the woman was still working on my partner. His head was shaved but he has a
lot of hair on his chest they were removing. The woman was touching him in such
a way as to give him an erection. Clearly the exertions of the previous night
had clearly not sated his desire. His eyes were closed and I hoped that the
excitement was caused by his imagining the woman was me. Having finished his
chest she moved to his pubic hair. To shave here she had to handle his penis now
very erect. Having removed half the hair he came, blasting out a stream of
fluid all over the woman�s face. A great roar went up and he hung his head in
shame. The woman wiped her face and went on completing the task. When it came
to his turn for the brine sponge she was particularly fastidious to ensure plenty
got into his shaved body.

&nbsp;

I didn�t know what
to expect with the peppers but was soon to find out. Once again the male
executioner dealt with me. He took a large red pepper, split it and turned it
inside out. He then took some grease and went behind me. I felt his hand stroke
my buttocks and his finger, slippery with the grease enter my rear cavity. He
massaged the grease into me and then I felt the sharp end of the pepper being
pushed inside me. This was a struggle and the process of inserting it was
painful but once it was there it felt exciting.�
At first I did not feel anything but gradually the burning became more
intense until I was not certain I could control myself. I saw the same process
being applied to my partner across the platform and his growing discomfort.
Then the man came round to the front of me and started to do the same procedure
but this time to my vagina. By now I was almost past being ashamed and actually
enjoy having the grease applied and feeling the pepper being pushed inside me.
Whatever the torture of the burning in me anus it was nothing compared to the
agony I felt in my sex organs. I was truly on fire and just wanted the terrible
sensation to go away. Across the platform my partner was having a pepper that
had been split in two tied either side of his penis. He was limp at this stage
and if he got an erection this would be painful as the ribbon had been tied
very tight. The next act of this punishment was having the honey spread on my
breasts. Once again the male executioner did this with relish ensuring he
rubbed it well in. The torment of this little diversion would become clearer
later in the day.

&nbsp;

Then the chains
were brought forward. We were to get very familiar with the feel of these on
our bodies over the next few days and nights. They are designed to both weigh
the victim down and provide considerable discomfort. First they put a chain
collar around my neck. Then a long heavy chain was tightened around my waist,
secured at the back and the free end was passed under my crotch, being pulled
tightly into my ass crack and vagina and secured at the front. There was still
a length left free and this was brought up between my breasts and attached to
the neck chain. Then a second heavy chain was attached at its middle to the
front of the neck chain, brought down under my breasts, around my back and back
to be secured at the front across my stomach. Two metal cuffs were then
attached to the neck chains and that is where at night my wrists would be
locked leaving me helpless. �

&nbsp;

Then the long
hours of suffering started. The burning of the peppers in my anus and vagina
intensified to the point of agony. The one in my anus was working as a
suppository but I was determined not to shame myself. As the day heated up
every insect in town seemed to be attracted to my honey coated breasts. The
itching became unbearable and was made worse by some bites. To add to this the
chains digging into my body made every movement agony. As the day went on I
sunk lower and lower in my bonds until my arms were stretched almost to
breaking point. We were given water regularly, they did not want us to pass out
or die on them. Added to all of this was the intensity of the sun burning my
skin. I looked across at my partner to see him suffering similarly, his large
testicles blue through lack of circulation where his chains had been pulled
between them.

&nbsp;

Gradually the day
cooled down and sunset arrived. The executioners cam to release us and return
us to the dungeon but first they would need to remove the peppers. They undid
my crotch chain and the male executioner slipped his fingers into my vagina and
took out that pepper. There was no relief from the burning but at least I knew
it would end eventually. Getting the pepper out of my anus could only be done
by my moving my bowels. They put a bucket between my legs and ordered me to do
that. I couldn�t hold it in any longer and my bowels exploded to a great cheer
from the crowd. My humiliation was complete, or so I thought. I saw my partner
suffering a similar humiliation although I noticed his penis was erect once
again following the female executioner handling it to remove the pepper tied
around it.� We were then sponged down
with brine again, our sunburn and insect bites stinging at the touch of the
liquid but removing the honey from my breasts and the faeces from my bottom.

&nbsp;

The crotch chain
was locked back in place but some relief was at hand as the cuffs around my
ankles were released and I was able to move my legs at last. I was going to
have difficulty standing when the released my arms and indeed as the wrist
cuffs were undone I fell to the floor. When I had recovered a bit the
executioner pulled me to my feet, locked my wrists into the cuffs attached to
the neck chain and dragged me to the edge of the platform. My whole body was in
agony, the burning from the peppers still inside me and the irritation from the
insect bites and the sunburn on my skin. Worse was the pain in my shoulders,
thighs and hips from being stretched between those posts. That would only get
worse as the sentence proceeded. I walked through the crowd unable to cover
myself from their gaze, almost past caring any longer.

&nbsp;

When we got down
into the dungeon they released our hands and we had a bucket of fresh water
thrown over us to clean us further. We rubbed ourselves down with rough cloths.
They gave us bread to eat and water to drink and when we had finished they
secured our wrists again and took us to our cage. �We were laid down on our sides on a pallet
facing each other and ankle cuffs attached to bolts in the floor stopped us
moving about. As a final touch they joined they chains running up our chests by
a shackle so we were locked close together and could not move independently. Our
bodies ached for each other but our chains and the burning still present in our
genitals prevented us from reaching the necessary climax. We slept fitfully
awaiting the flogging we knew we were destined to receive the following day.� �������

&nbsp;

Day 2 (The Man�s Story)

&nbsp;

Being chained
together all night was driving me mad. The crotch chain was splitting my balls
in two and the feel of her body against mine was driving me mad with a lust I
could not satisfy because of the chains. The memory of the climax I had on the
platform the previous day was mortifying and now I knew I would go into the
flogging desperate to cum. They came for us early the male and female warders.
They released the ankle cuffs and then the shackle joining us at the chest. We
both rolled back relieved at some movement after a long night. I was as erect
as my crotch chain would allow and both the woman and the warders looked at me
with some shock. We were taken out of our cage and our wrists were freed
allowing us to eat some bread and drink some water. With our wrists locked
again to the neck chains we were then led out into the square and onto the
punishment platform.

&nbsp;

I was surprised
how big the crowd was that morning, but the flogging day of a punishment is
always the main show. There was a great cheer when we appeared and many
comments about our bodies and my semi erection particularly. The posts between
which we suffered the previous day had been replaced by two frames with wrist
cuffs hanging from the cross bar and ankle cuffs attached low down on the
uprights. They were quick this time, our wrists and ankles were cuffed and the
ropes tightened so we were held in an �x� position.� They then released all the chains on our
bodies pulling the flesh as they came off and leaving sore mark all over our
skin. The relief of having my balls freed and the sight of the woman facing me
were too much for me. I looked over at her magnificently proportioned body, her
firm full breasts and broad hips. Even shaved and tortured she looked
magnificent and any regrets I had over our crimes disappeared. My penis became
erect again and a loud roar came from the crowd clearly expecting a repeat of
the previous day. I had given up caring and became proud that I could still
react like this despite all the torture. The woman let out a soft smile knowing
she still thrilled me. I wondered how she was feeling between her legs.

&nbsp;

The part of the
sentence to be carried out that day was read out again and the whips displayed
to the crowd and us. They were both short nine stranded whips but not as
terrifying as I had feared. The light whip was made of thin leather thongs and
the heavy with thick cords. I would later find that one would sting and the
other would take the breath out of us. It was announced that the whips would be
used for alternate lots with the light whip used for the first lot.� The heavy whip could only be used on our
backs buttocks and thighs but the light whip could also be used across our
chest and, for 5 strokes in each lot, on or genitals.

&nbsp;

They decided to
start on my partner, giving her first 50 in the first half hour. The female
executioner, who had tormented me so effectively the previous day, went behind
her with the light whip drew it back and then swung the first stroke into her
back. There was very little noise just a light his as the whip was swung, but
the effect was instant. The woman let out whimper as the stinging thongs caught
her sun burned flesh and she jerked forward in her bonds, thrusting her ample
breasts out from her body and causing them to bounce. This caused a great roar
to come up from the crowd sensing that the day�s entertainment promised much. �One�,
cried the male executioner. Slowly but steadily the flogging continued, almost
as regular as a metronome but to beats 15 seconds apart. The cries moved from
whimper to groan to a sob to a subdued scream. Her body jerked back and forth
as much as the bonds would allow, those breast dancing to the rhythm of the
whip. To my shame I found seeing this pain being inflicted in a cold, calculated
way hugely erotic. My erection grew and hardened and my balls ached fro relief.


&nbsp;

Then the
executioner stopped after 35 strokes and came round to the front of the woman.
There she laughed in her face, stood to one side and laid a stroke on the
woman�s right breast. This caused a great scream to come forth from the woman�s
mouth. Resuming the same regular beat four more strokes were applied to that
breast. At each one the woman cried out loud and wrung in her bonds. The
whipping on top of the sunburn and the insect bites of the previous day were
causing terrible agony. Because the whip had 9 strands of leather at least one
landed on the nipple. This was real torture and I wondered how long I could
last watching it before I exploded again. Than the left breast was punished and
I knew that any hope I had of preserving any dignity that day was gone. But
more was to come, after five strokes to the left breast the executioner took a
step back and looked down to the woman�s sex spread for all to see.

&nbsp;

��NO!� came the agonised cry as she realised
what was about to happen a cry that turned into a terrible scream as the whip
was brought up in an arc between her legs. The woman tried to bring her thighs
together to protect herself but her bonds were too tight. The executioner
struck here again and then three more times as the square echoed with screams
that left no doubt as to the agony being inflicted. At the fifth stroke between
her legs the male executioner shouted 50 and for a while everyone in the square
was still. The woman slumped forward in her bonds exhausted with a look of
despair on her face as she realised this was only the start of a long day.

&nbsp;

Then it was my
turn but not before an extraordinary occurrence. Before handing the whip over
to the male executioner the woman came over to me and looked down at my
erection. She took the whip and rested it on my penis and then started to
stroke me by dragging the whip across my member first one way and then the
other. After three or four times I could stand it no longer and I came
spectacularly. A great cheer went up from the crowd and I hung my head in
shame, not at my humiliation but because I had found watching my lover suffer
so terribly so exciting. I couldn�t look her in the face and saw my first 50 as
punishment for my sin towards her.

&nbsp;

The next 15-20
minutes were unforgettable in their horror and the shock they gave me. Even
watching the woman suffer gave me no idea of how it felt to be flogged. Not
just the pain, although that was bad enough, but the shame of my body jerking
involuntarily around in my bonds and my genitals shaking in front of everyone. Also
the terror of waiting for the next blow to fall and the counting telling me how
much more suffering was to come overcame me. Each blow to my back stung as
nothing had stung me before and the pain got worse and the welts built up on
over another. I could feel the welts on my back and could tell where each blow
fell long after it was past. When he moved to my chest the executioner did not
move from one side to another and I did not suffer there as much as my partner.
The look of relief on my face made him smile as he knew I would soon suffer
terribly. 

&nbsp;

The first stroke
that came up between my legs set a fire going in my penis and caused a dull but
clear agony in my balls. Like the woman I tried to close my thighs but could
not and could only sob as I awaited the second. I had let out a loud cry as the
first blow fell but the second occasioned a scream of deafening proportion. The
fire and the ache we getting unbearable and I can barely remember the next
three strokes. All I really recall is hanging semi conscious in my bonds
whimpering and wanting the whole punishment to stop even if that meant death. ����

&nbsp;

Then they got the
sponges out and soaked them in brine, the woman coming over once again to me
and swabbed my back, chest and genitals. After the beating I had taken between
my legs there was no chance of me reacting to her touch, but the sting of the
brine on my welts and bites and sunburn was worse than ever and tears came
again to my eyes. I looked across at my partner on hearing a deep moan as she
was also soaked in the stinging liquid. After we had been well bathed we were
given water to drink and there was a lull in the proceedings as the
executioners rested and took their own drinks. Then the woman executioner
picked up the heavy cord whip and moved towards my partner with an evil grin on
her face.

&nbsp;

Moving around
again to her back she shouted out, �Now we�ll put some colour into that lovely
round arse.� and brought the whip hard down on my partner�s buttocks with a
great thud. Her body tightened in her bonds and she pushed forward arching her
back. An agonised cry came from her mouth as the pain reached its fullness.
Once again the flogging proceeded at a slow steady pace, thirty strokes to her
buttocks and then twenty more to her already badly punished back. Looking
across I saw a face resigned to the pain and humiliation as her body was
tortured. The strokes to her buttock were received with quieter and more
determined cries more like grunts as they progress. The strokes to her back
occasioned great cries of agony as the effect of sunburn and the previous
whipping where added to by the thudding weight of the heavy whip. When it was
finished she hang there semi-conscious here head falling forward and virtually
all her weight supported on here arms. There was no stirring in my groin this
time, the sight of a broken woman before me and the lingering pain in my own
genitals ensured this. This was a brutal punishment just for loving each
other.� �����

&nbsp;

Once again it was
my turn. I tried to steel myself for what was to come but I was really past
caring. If we survived today there was only more torture to look forward to.
When the first stroke hit my buttocks there was a great roar as my genitals
bounced with the movement of my body. That soon subsided as the crowd realised
there was no more potential in me for giving them amusement. The next few hours
were a blur. I was in a daze throughout the rest of the flogging hardly knowing
what was happening� just feeling the lash
bite and hearing myself and my partner crying out as we were torture more and
more. I had lost all sense of my surroundings and when they took us down at the
end of the day they had to carry us back to the dungeon. That night chained
together our emotions overcame us and we sobbed, with pin from our wounds and
with sorrow that it had ended like this. We longed for death as in death we
could be together again without the pain, but we knew that such release would
come at a price.

&nbsp;

The Executioner�s Story 

&nbsp;

They were a brave
couple but the torture they faced had exhausted them and they were just waiting
for the end of the pain and death. They were also a handsome couple and my
female assistant and I enjoyed the sight of them when we started. We were an
ugly couple and didn�t often get the chance to touch such magnificent bodies.
When we dragged them from the dungeon for the third day they looked pityingly
at us begging us to end it for them. We couldn�t and didn�t want to, adultery
is a terrible crime. If you commit to someone you should be faithful to them it
is as simple as that.

&nbsp;

The horse was
there waiting for them. We released their crotch chains. Some wonder why they
are not left in place during this torture as they would worsen the pain. Well
they would also make the pain unbearable and perhaps the victim would faint or
even die so they are released to prolong they agony. We had a hoist to get them
up. They were not capable of climbing even if they had been willing to. We put
the man up first and then the woman facing him. When they were there we moved
them as close to each other as we could get and adjusted their position to
ensure the apex of the horse cut into them where it would hurt most. Then we
joined their chains at the neck chest and waist and strapped their thighs and
ankles together. After that we attached their wrists to the hoist and lifted
their arms above their heads, not for support but to make sure they stayed
upright. Then a 10 pound weight was hung from each of their ankles to make sure
they were pressing down on the horse. They said nothing just hung there their
cheek touching tenderly, taking what pleasure they could from each other�s
presence. It was going to be a long day for them.

&nbsp;

We gave them water
at regularly to keep them conscious but even though they breathed they were
already dead as people. They had given up and their bodies kept going from
habit. The sun beat down on them adding to the pain of the sunburn, insect
bites and whippings of the previous days. I think their genitals were numb from
the chains and the whippings and the pain there had now become part of their
existence. The only hope they has was that their bodies would give out and
spare them the next day�s suffering. But these two were to strong and lasted
the day. 

&nbsp;

We didn�t need the
hoist to get them off the horse. When we undid the links and straps holding
them to each other and released their wrists they simply keeled over and we had
to catch them as they fell. When we came to restore their crotch chains we
noticed how terrible the damage to their genitals was. Even if they were not to
die the next day they would never be any use each other again. Carrying them
back to the dungeon there was an air of sorrow at what had happened however
much we despised their crime.�� ���

&nbsp;

That night, as an
act of mercy by the court, they were allowed to lie in the dungeon in their
chains but not free of each other. This in fact allowed them to lie with each
other in a more comfortable way. We gave them no food that night only water. In
the morning they would receive neither food not water. Their time on the cross
would be less for that.

&nbsp;

The
Friend�s Tale

&nbsp;

For four days I
had been present at my friend�s trial and punishment. He had been infatuated by
this woman. I had warned him but he could not help himself. When I saw her I
knew why. We don�t know who informed on them but I had heard that the woman�s
much older husband was looking for revenge as she had refused to give him sex
because he repelled her. As soon as I heard of their arrest I knew that was the
end. I watched their trial, such as it was and then the humiliation of that
first day in the square. I felt every stroke of the whips the next day and
could barely look at the agony on their faced as they sat astride that terrible
instrument for their third day�s humiliation. 

&nbsp;

Now we at last
were at the end. The upright of the cross had been set up in the square with
the cross beams at it bottom. My friend and his woman were carried out as they
had long since lost the ability to stand without help. They were laid on the
ground both side of the upright and their wrists tied to each end of their
cross bar. There were no nails, we were supposed to be too civilised for that.
Then the cross bars were hoisted by rope and pulleys and fixed into sockets
bolted onto the top of the upright. This act meant my friend and his women were
dragged along the ground and up a wooden post by their already badly injured.
They moaned as this was done but both screamed as they were lifted clear of the
ground and the weight of their bodies hung from their wrists bound to the
crossbars. The executioners quickly brought their feet back to rest them on
pegs driven into the sides of the upright and secured their ankles to the
upright so their feet would not slip. This temporary relief was of course only
a way of prolonging the agony. Also it exposed their bruised and bloodied
genitals for all to see, a final humiliation.

&nbsp;

For four hours
they hung there their already shallow breath getting steadily shallower as
their legs became weaker and their weight was borne more heavily by their arms
slowly strangling them. They moved to try to ease themselves and this made my
friend genitals and his woman�s breast move but this was no longer erotic or a
source of amusement. Those attending that day were quiet and subdued. My friend
went first letting out what seemed to be a sigh but was probably one last
attempt to breathe. He slumped forward and was still at last. Not long after
the woman gave one last defying scream and then gave up her life. They were at
last together in death their suffering over.���
��

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��� ��

&nbsp;

�� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Willow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





