BDSM Library - Petrol Station




Petrol Station
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The life of Valerie, a twenty eight year old worker at a petrol station, changes forever on meeting three bubbly and vulnerable teenagers at her petrol station.







It was a rare sight, seeing a convertible full of bubbly teenage girls
pull into a petrol station in a sleepy village at 2am, 




 
  Jack Bernhardt
   jim
  2
  269
  2006-08-21T23:39:00Z
  2006-08-21T23:39:00Z
  1
  2890
  16479
  Bald Dumb and Ugly Corp.
  137
  38
  19331
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








NB: The first part of a many part story �
will be updated when I can.

&nbsp;

Petrol Station

&nbsp;

It was a rare
sight, seeing a convertible full of bubbly teenage girls pull into a petrol
station in a sleepy village at 2am, and one that Valerie, the clerk attending there,
thought she should savour. It just seemed like a momentous occasion � beautiful
teenage girls were in short supply in this place, and pick-up trucks seemed to
be the only thing people around here drove. In fact, anybody coming into the
station past 9pm was something to call home about. The last people who did that had
had a flat tyre and were happy to see civilisation at all when they pushed
their car into the forecourt � they�d ended up giving Valerie a massive tip for
her troubles. That, in fact, was something Valerie really wasn�t used to on the
nightshift, and so would jump at the chance to help when at work. And these
girls looked lost, tired and rich. She almost licked her lips as she put down
her paper and moved outside, towards the car, where the girls were trying to
pump their obviously diesel car with unleaded. Her smile grew wider. She could
really make a lot of money out of these people, if she was friendly,
approachable and, to a certain extent, ruthless. 

&nbsp;

����������� The
heads of the girls turned as she walked over � Valerie was not stunning, but
still rather attractive. She had had her pick of the boys at high school, what
with her short blonde hair and petite structure, as well as sparkling blue eyes
� not too mention her incredible breasts, pert and gorgeous. Still, Valerie was
by no means the most attractive of the lot � the girls were far younger than
Valerie and dressed far sluttier � they all had skirts that could pass for
belts, as well as over-done make-up and the attitude of girls who were up for
anything. They seemed pretty drunk as well, all three of them, although the one
in the car looked the most sober � but that may have been because one of her
friends was sprawled out on the dashboard and the other one was pumping the
wrong gas into her car. Eventually the one pumping gas dropped the nozzle and
collapsed, delightfully, into the back of the convertible, her hair sprawled
out, letting out a small giggle before falling asleep. Valerie rolled her eyes.
Such women were dangers to themselves, she thought, picking up the nozzle and
placing it back on the side. She turned to the girl at the wheel, who was
drinking a bottle of what appeared to be vodka � she was pretty stunning, but
she knew it. She wore sunglasses at night, as well as a bikini, as far as
Valerie could tell. She had pert breasts and incredible legs, but it was her
face that took her breath away � little freckles on her nose and lovely ginger
hair. She seemed so cute, thought Valerie � so innocent. As she stared with
wonder up and down this girl�s legs she contemplated something she had avoided
for a while � whether or not she was a lesbian. Growing up in small town America
the thought hadn�t crossed her mind until she was about 16 when she caught
sight of a girl in her class making out with another girl behind the bike
sheds. She�d decided it wasn�t for her, but now at the age of 28 and without a
stable boyfriend the thought had crept back more than a few times. She shook it
off. She wasn�t a lesbian, and what�s more she was on the clock. She smiled
sweetly at this freckled teen. �Can I help you, Ma�am?�

&nbsp;

����������� The
girl looked up with her sunglasses, somewhat annoyed to be disturbed from her
drinking. She lowered the glasses, looking at Valerie for a couple of seconds,
before looking back at her friend in the backseat. �Ah, fuck. Danni�s fucked
again.�

&nbsp;

����������� Valerie
really had no way to answer this, and just smiled and nodded. Agreeing verbally
would have been a bit tactless, she decided. The freckled teen turned her back
on Danni and looked again at Valerie. �Uh. Just fill
her up, would you?�

&nbsp;

����������� Valerie
was unsure what to say. The car was obviously diesel and would be ruined by
this petrol, and although she hadn�t that much interest in cars (she had only
taken this job for the money, which was decent, and was looking for another job
as it was), she still hated to see these vulnerable young girls� car being
destroyed. �Are you sure that�s an unleaded car, Ma�am?� Valerie said sweetly
to the girl, who was taking another big swig of the bottle as she did so.

&nbsp;

����������� The
girl turned, took off her sunglasses, revealing her beautiful brown eyes, and
looked once again at Valerie, this time with a fiery intensity and bitchiness
that a diva would have been proud of. �Look, honey, who�s got the $80,000 car
here?� Valerie�s face went red as she wondered whether she was actually
supposed to answer that. �And who�s pumping gas at 2am for a
living? This is just me checking here, but I think that�s you. You do what I
say, OK, bitch, so if I say it�s an unleaded, it�s an unleaded.� Valerie was
taken aback by this abuse, and considered reprimanding her. Someone needs to
teach this uppity little teen a lesson, she thought, looking at her eyes in
shock and anger. The teen was looking back with the same, and just as Valerie
was working up the nerve to give her the telling off of her life, the teen
silenced her once and for all. �FILL UP THE CAR, YOU BITCH!� she yelled at
Valerie, who quickly lost all her courage and darted to the nozzle, going
bright red again. As she ran, the teen laughed, shouting abuse at her again.
�Yeah, you better run, you little bitch! Wiggle that ass for me, honey!�
Valerie blushed once more, just trying to hold back the tears of humiliation as
she filled up the car with diesel � she quickly switched the nozzles (although
it was beyond her why she should be helping this utter cow of a woman. She
hasn�t got the guts to stand up to her, she thought, berating herself in her
mind). The abuse was still being hurled at her � �Wiggle it, you little slut!�
� but she decided to concentrate on her work and block
out the sounds of a girl a decade her junior treating her like shit. The abuse
got more aggressive as the girl honked on the horn, demanding her to wiggle her
ass. Valerie was doing a good job of ignoring them until a vodka bottle smashed
at her feet, causing her to scream out and causing shards of glass to go
everywhere, ripping through her trousers and drawing blood. Valerie howled in
pain, as the freckled girl just smirked, before looking dead at Valerie and
with ice cold conviction saying calmly: �Wiggle your ass, or the next one will
smash you on the head.� A tear rolled down Valerie�s cheek as she felt the pain
in her leg � she had been held up at gunpoint in this job, she had been hit
once, but never had she been in so much pain as right now. This uppity little
bitch, she thought, thinking what she never dared to say. The freckled girl
grabbed another bottle and stared at Valerie, practising her aim. Slowly,
Valerie sighed, sobbed silently and shook her ass. She wasn�t very good at
dancing, she knew, and had only performed a sexual dance for one of her
boyfriends � and even that was makeshift. Never to a girl, certainly, she was very self-conscious.

&nbsp;

����������� Of
course, this meant she was distraught by the fact that the freckled girl
started laughing and berating her even more as she wiggled her butt. �Hah hah,
bet you do that all the time for the guys, don�t you, baby?� Valerie shook her
head � truth be told, she was still a virgin at 28. This didn�t deter the
girl�s abuse: �What are you, some sort of whore doing tricks on the side for
the guys, huh? Keep shaking that ass, baby! I�ve got a vodka bottle waiting to
be smashed on your head if you don�t!� Valerie kept doing it as she placed the
nozzle back, swaying her little ass back and forth, trying
to pretend this was all a dream. She looked at the meter. She�d just get the
money for the petrol and go. Perhaps call the police, tell them about this
girl�s behaviour, maybe get her arrested and get her thrown in jail. She
deserved everything coming to her, she thought, as she looked at her leg, still
bleeding. Valerie smiled as best she could at the girl, her make-up smudged
from the tears she had caused her. She was in two minds � just getting through
this and then calling the police, or just flipping out and beating this girl�s
face in as she deserved. Of course, she would never do the latter. There was
obviously something wrong with her � she�d been sexually harassed and abused
and yet had done nothing about it. Stupid, stupid, she thought to herself as
she put her hand forward to the girl. �Twenty dollars, fifty
cents, please.�

&nbsp;

����������� The
girl looked at her, still drinking. Valerie dared not look back now � that ice
cold attitude had scared the hell out of her. The girl reached for her handbag.
That�s right, Valerie thought. Pay and leave, and get out of my life. She
rummaged around in her bag for a while, drunkenly looking through, before
producing a pair of steel handcuffs. Valerie looked at them with surprise for a
couple of seconds � they both did � looking at them as they dangled on the
freckled girl�s hands. Valerie was almost transfixed by them, before looking at
the girl, whose mouth had grown into a wicked grin. Before Valerie could
register what was going on, the girl opened the car door into her stomach,
winding her and causing her to fall backwards onto the forecourt. Immediately
the freckled girl jumped on top of Valerie, laughing as she pulled her hair and
started slapping her face. �You like that, you little bitch? Huh?� Valerie
began to scream � this girl was fucking mental! She tried to kick out but this
girl was surprisingly strong � she grabbed Valerie�s arms and handcuffed them
above her head to a petrol pump, cackling wickedly as she did. �Have to make
sure you won�t try and get away, little whore!� She smirked at Valerie, whose
eyes were wide with terror. Valerie opened her mouth to scream, but the
freckled girl grabbed out of her handbag a hankerchief and a roll of duct tape
� stuffing the cloth in her mouth, she taped it over and smiled at Valerie as
she struggled to move her hands or scream for help. �No-one�s gonna help you
here, bitch. We�re all alone, and even if we weren�t, you can�t exactly call
out for help, can you?� The girl looked around, as if to check. �Wow. This town
is pretty dead, isn�t it? Guess you�re the only whore
who comes out at night to try and fuck all the guys, aren�t you�� The girl
squinted at Valerie�s name tag on her breast, ��Valerie. Hmmm. I don�t like
that name, Valerie. I don�t like it there on your tit.� The girl grabbed out at
Valerie�s breast, to her horrified murmurs, and tore off the name tag,
revealing her black bra. The girl�s eyes widened. �Oh, my.
This is too good to be true, slut. Black bra? I have
to see more!� She cackled once again as she ripped open Valerie�s t-shirt,
revealing it all, gasping as she did so. Valerie turned her head away, so
ashamed. She couldn�t bear to look at this girl who was effectively raping her
� she moaned as she heard her shirt ripping more and cried softly as the girl
started to go for her pants. She looked up at the handcuffs, trying to pull
away � when she realised she couldn�t break free, the tears started flowing harder.
Suddenly she felt a hard slap to the face.

&nbsp;

����������� �Oi! Look at me, you little bitch!� Valerie turned her head,
to show her messy blonde hair and smudged eyes to this tyrant of a woman. �I
want you looking at me all the time, you hear me?� Valerie nodded. This woman
was crazy, and she had already lost her dignity today � she didn�t want to lose
her life. The woman grinned again as she went for Valerie (who was now dressed
only in her bra and panties, save a few tattered rags of her shirt) once more,
this time grabbing her bra and pulling off her, causing Valerie to wince once
again. The bra was barely off her, but her nipples were poking out of the
material, to the delight of the freckled girl. She began to softly kiss and
caress her breasts, looking up at the gagged Valerie as she did so. �My god,
bitch, you have amazing nipples. Bet thousands of guys have
sucked these babies?� Once, a guy had, but never a girl, thought Valerie. It
felt so weird, that tongue going up her midriff and around her nipples � not in
a good way, just weird. She sobbed silently as this girl continued to lick her
completely. Suddenly, the girl raised her head, looked straight at Valerie and
spat in her face. �You�re in this way for my pleasure, girl � I should stop
licking your nipples, I suppose�� She laughed at the sight of Valerie � her
breasts awkwardly out, her face covered in spit, her mouth gagged, tears
rolling down her face. The girl got up and walked over Valerie, giggling as she
did so.

&nbsp;

����������� �You
look a sight, don�t you? A dirty little slut, chained up, with no-one to help
her.� She knelt down and ripped off the tape, causing Valerie to scream once
again. �You�ve had your fun being licked�� She smiled wickedly as she lowered
herself onto Valerie�s face, screams of horror coming from it as she did so,
��now let me have mine.� She sat down, forcing Valerie to come face to face (or
face to crotch) with her dripping wet pussy � Valerie felt the juice dripping
onto her face as the girl cackled. �Lick me, bitch.� Valerie hesitated,
struggling again with her handcuffs, seeing if there was some way out. A hard
slap to her breasts confirmed her predicament. The girl was waiting. �Lick me,
bitch!� She said it this time sterner, really meaning it, forcing her crotch
into Valerie�s face � she couldn�t breath! This bitch was going to suffocate
her! Valerie reluctantly, against all of her wishes, put out her tongue and
started to lick at this girl�s flesh. The girl moaned as she licked her clit,
slapping Valerie�s stomach as she did so. �Ohhh, faster slut,
faster! Make me cum!� Valerie kept licking � yes, faster. Faster so this would end quicker. She started to go deeper
as well, trying to force a climax from this woman - praying that this would end
her captivity. The girl moaned more, grabbing Valerie�s hair, and started to
fuck her face with her crotch, grinding against her, suffocating her once again
as her entire face was immersed into her pussy. She sat still for a minute, a
perfect picture � forcing a half-naked girl in chains into her crotch, pulling
at her hair � before releasing one last high pitched moan and climaxing in her
face. Valerie screamed once again as her face was covered in this woman�s
bodily fluids. She looked up at this freckled girl, who was now slowly getting
up, sighing heavily with pleasure. The girl looked down at Valerie, tears rolling
from her wet face. She grinned.

&nbsp;

����������� �You
did very well, didn�t you, slut? You�re very good at oral sex. Do you give it
all the time? To the guys in the woods?� She giggled
again, drunk off her face but still horny as hell. �Well, you certainly pleased
me!� She knelt down, jangling a couple of keys in her hand. Finally.
�I suppose I best let you go, eh, slut?� Valerie just nodded, too tired to
think what was going on. The girl put the key in the lock, before pausing. �But
then again�how do I know you�re not going to go to the police?� Valerie shook
her head vehemently. She was too tired to talk, but just showed through her
face her thoughts. She wouldn�t dare. She wouldn�t. The girl looked down at
her, feigning sympathy. �It�s a real conundrum, isn�t it?� Valerie looked up at
her again, pleading with her. �You know what, slut? I should probably just kill
you, to be on the safe side.� Valerie�s eyes widened. She wouldn�t dare, would
she? She struggled violently against the bonds and started to scream again, before
the girl kicked her in the stomach. �Shut the fuck up! You�re in no position to
scream, little bitch, so shut your mouth!� Valerie moaned, reeling from the
kick, and let the girl speak. �It�d be really easy, I guess � could probably
kill you with a broken bottle in the face.� Valerie sobbed silently at these
words � please no. Please, oh god, no��Or maybe run over you in the car. That�d
be good.� Valerie continued sobbing, unable to believe what this girl was
saying. �Oh, I have it. Yes, this is the best one!� Valerie dared not look up,
but felt an oily, watery substance splash over her. She knew that smell � she
screamed, looking up to see the freckled girl, still wearing that giant grin,
pouring petrol over her. Valerie stopped sobbing silently and began to shriek
and scream, kicking out at this girl, who subsequently stopped pouring, and
looked, in mock-confusion, at Valerie.

&nbsp;

����������� �What,
don�t you want to die, Valerie?� Valerie continued shrieking, nodding her head
as she did so, praying that this woman wouldn�t kill her. �But then, Valerie,
how would I make sure you didn�t tell on me?� Valerie screamed and moaned and
sobbed once more, shaking petrol off of herself. �What about if I took you home with me, Valerie? Then I
could make sure you wouldn�t tell on me! Would that be better?� Valerie nodded,
sobbing out agreements. Yes, anything. Anything was better than this. �Take you
home with me and make you my little fuck slut?� Valerie nodded again, fearing
that she would suddenly explode with all this petrol splashed over her. The
girl smiled once again. �Excellent. We better get you unchained then!� She
undid the locks, holding Valerie down. �Any sudden movements and you�ll be
dead,� she said, holding the lighter in her hand. Valerie nodded. She trusted
her on that. The freckled girl turned Valerie over on her side, ripping off her
bra and panties as well � just to remove the last shred of dignity she had �
and handcuffed her hands once again. She then shepherded this naked, chained
girl, onto her feet, and frogmarched her to the trunk of her car. She opened it
up, revealing a very tight space. �Get in,� she ordered, still holding the
lighter � Valerie, dazed, confused and very frightened, did as she said. �Get
on your stomach, bitch.� Valerie complied, weeping softly, still dripping with
gasoline. The girl grabbed her ankles and cuffed them together, making escape
utterly impossible. Finally, as a nice, sadistic touch, she cuffed the two
cuffs together with a third pair of handcuffs � she was very prepared � forcing
Valerie into a hogtie. �And just in case you forget
not to scream�� The freckled girl stuffed Valerie�s black panties into her
mouth, taping them over, before closing the trunk on Valerie�s muffled cries.
She got into the front of the car carefully, not trying to wake her utterly
unconscious friends, and, after making sure they were all in safe positions �
the friend who had been sprawled out on the backseat was hoisted into the
upright position and seatbelted � the girl turned on the car, hearing Valerie�s
screams in the back of the car, and softly smiled. She lit her cigarette
slowly, before throwing it out onto the forecourt, where a great deal of
residue from the petrol poured over poor Valerie was lying � the place exploded
in a great ball of fire, but not before the freckled girl had driven away her
convertible, cackling to herself as she did.

&nbsp;

����������� The
papers reported the next morning that Valerie Turner, a twenty-eight year old worker,
had lost her life in that blaze, having found no traces of her body and with
all CCTV footage being destroyed. At the same time, a blue convertible drove
swiftly across the countryside, driven by a freckled girl with a broad smile.














The little blue convertible raced along the freeway for another half
hour � the girls had been out drinking and clubbing in an




 
  Jack Bernhardt
   jim
  2
  275
  2006-09-04T15:00:00Z
  2006-09-04T15:00:00Z
  1
  4322
  24637
  Bald Dumb and Ugly Corp.
  205
  57
  28902
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








flightThe little blue convertible raced along the freeway for another half
hour � the girls had been out drinking and clubbing in an otherwise sleepy
nearby village, and were going back to Suzy�s father�s house � a mansion, in
reality. Suzy had invited her two friends, Janie and Danni, on a retreat from
the drag of normal life in the town � so to celebrate their recent excellent
grades. Excellent grades was what Suzy had come to
expect, given her habit of sleeping with every professor who taught her. Her father,
a rich but timid man, wanted them to have the best time possible, and therefore
cared not if they came back at 3am � hell, he encouraged it.
Kids should be having fun after working so hard, he had said. Suzy smiled.
Indeed, she had worked hard � she�d given Mr Collins, the English teacher,
three blowjobs to get an A. It was worth it, just for the freedom she was now
enjoying. 

����������� Really,
though, it was worth it because of the thing in her trunk. She took a hand away
from the wheel and lightly touched herself, her crotch pantiless.
She looked at her friends, drunk and asleep in the back and front seats. Danni
and Janie were pretty hot girls, she thought to herself, and were
probably drunk enough to get back home and use as she wished. She touched
herself more � ramming Danni, a girl with golden-blonde locks and cute little
tits whilst she was tied up and helpless with a strap-on as Janie, naked,
inside a cage and horrified, watched was perhaps the greatest turn-on she could
imagine. But it was too much of a risk � both Danni and Janie�s parents were
rich, and could probably have put Suzy away for life. Besides, her original
plan was much better. Danni and Janie seemed like the dominant types, and would
jump at the chance to have a go with Valerie. Suzy stopped looking in the
mirror at her ginger hair and freckled face and listened out for the sound of
Valerie.

����������� Valerie,
dripping with gasoline, naked, cuffed into a hogtie
and with her own panties stuffed into her mouth, was still whimpering. It was
surprisingly cold in the car, and her nipples were beginning to harden. She
definitely wasn�t enjoying this, she told herself. It�s the cold. Her hands and
ankles ached, as tears rolled down her face. What had she done to deserve this?
She had tried to be an effective worker, tried to make the freckled girl as
comfortable as possible, and for her work she had been beaten, fucked, abused
and threatened with being set on fire. She tried to go to sleep. That was
probably for the best � these girls (or rather, just the one girl � she had no
idea if the other girls were as crazy as the freckled girl. Perhaps they would
be so outraged that they would uncuff her, turn the
other girl in and subject her to the same horrors Valerie had been subjected
to. She smiled at this) were crazy, and were probably not going to allow her to
get any rest tonight, if her treatment by the freckled girl was anything to go
by. She softly sobbed into the gag, pitying herself, fearing what came next and
closing her eyes, determined to be well-rested to handle what these female
rapists could throw at her.

����������� Suzy
was disappointed � she could not hear Valerie�s cries from the front seat. She
almost wanted to pull over, slap Valerie about a bit, tell her that she was a
worthless whore and that there was no possible way for her to escape, given
that no-one would be looking for her as they thought she was dead, and then
probably fuck her in the mouth, forcing her to lick her pussy. But there was no
point, they�d be home soon anyway. She�d get to fuck
her all she liked tomorrow. Right now she had other problems to worry about �
far more pressing ones. She slowed the car down, rolling her eyes at the
upcoming toll booth. Fucking police cops were everywhere � she looked nervously
at the booth. Her dad was rich, but surely not rich enough to get her out of
this � if she got found with a naked, gagged slut in her trunk against her
will. She drove in slowly, smiling sweetly at the security guard at the booth.
She took several deep breaths. She had to sober up. And fast.

����������� �Well,
hello there, little lady!� The security guard, a relatively fat man, beamed at
the girl. He had evidently forgotten that it was 3am, and acted
like a ray of sunshine. She smiled back, a fake smile, but a smile nonetheless.

����������� �Hello
there, sir! What can I do for you this morning!� She
looked at the barrier, urging it to go up, urging it to let her through, back
home, so that she could get her booty to her house without this fat fuck
finding out about it. She smiled wider.

����������� �Well,
the toll is $2, little lady!� He smiled at her as she went for her wallet. Little lady. She hated when people called her that. If she
hadn�t got a body in the trunk she would have spat in his face and made fun of
him, she decided. But it was too risky tonight. He could suddenly ask her to
pop the trunk. And then the jig would be up. She handed the money over to the
man, who smiled at her, and went to press the button.

����������� �Except there�s something else tonight as well, little lady.
We�re asking folk if they were near that explosion by the petrol station about
half an hour ago. You were coming from there, did you see anything?� Suzy shook
her head violently, almost able to hear the air bouncing about in there. She
was doing her best bimbo impression, putting her breasts forward and looking
dumbfounded at everything. 

����������� �Oh, my no, sir! We just went by there � scared all these
girls an awful lot � we nearly fell out of our tops, sir, we were so scared.�
She looked down at her top, her barely-passable-as-a-top top � still slightly
wet and crumpled from the battle between her and Valerie. The man was staring
at her top as well, although inevitably with different ideas. He smiled to her
once more � no longer to her face, just glued to her breasts. 

����������� �Interesting. You girls aren�t holding anything, are you? In the trunk?� Suzy�s face went white. Fuck! How did this
fucker know? �Drugs, stolen stuff, that sort of thing?� She relaxed. Sure, they
were just three happy-go-lucky girls on the town. No reason not to suspect them
of drugs. She shook her head once more. He frowned. �Well then. Would you mind
popping the trunk?� Fuck! Yes, of course I fucking mind! I�ve got a sex-slave
in that trunk, thank you very much! She dove into her bag again and got out her
wallet.

����������� �Are
you sure I gave you $2, officer? Perhaps I should give you more.� She grabbed
two fifties out of her purse and thrust them into the officer�s hand. He
remained unmoved. There was only one thing for it, she thought. �Yeah, I�m just
afraid, because I�ve been a bit forgetful recently.� The guard moved closer
towards the trunk. �Today I forgot to put on my panties.� Suddenly he turned
and looked back at Suzy, who was smiling wickedly, holding her breast. He
gulped.

����������� �It
seems like a pretty basic thing to forget, Ma�am.� He cursed under his breath �
dirty talk wasn�t his strong point. She moved her hand down further, to her
unprotected snatch, and slowly put a finger in there. He was mesmerised by this
teen jacking off in front of him � he moved back towards the girl.

����������� �I
need someone to help me with my memory, I guess,� the girl said, in her best
porn voice. �And other things.� So brilliantly
clich�d, she thought, and got out of the car, getting down on her hands and
knees as she did so. The man just stood there, his cock making a tent in his
trousers, amazed by what he saw. She slowly undid his flies, and fished out for
his cock. It was relatively large, about 7�� � she smiled as she saw it. From
out here, she could just about make out the sounds of Valerie screaming in the
trunk � although thankfully she felt that the guard would be a bit pre-occupied
with the girl in front of his cock right at this moment to care about some
pesky little call for help. She began by licking it up and down with her
gorgeous tongue � teasing him with it as he moaned. Slowly she licked, right
below the head where she knew he could feel it. Suddenly, without warning, she
took it all in her mouth, feeling the rock hard cock smack the back of her
mouth as she did so. Taking it all. He�ll forget
everything, she thought, smiling to herself as she sucked at his cock. He
moaned and squealed � it was a good thing it was 4am, otherwise
there would have been a far greater crowd. Most people who saw � that would be
just the one tramp and a slightly high passer-by � just thought of her as some
whore. She didn�t care one iota, she thought, as she sucked harder, allowing
him to fuck her face. If it secured her freedom, it was OK for her. She felt
him close to coming � the guy had no stamina. Still in shock, he moaned one
last time before shooting his load into her mouth: she almost retched as he did
� this fat fuck in her seemed to disagree with her. She spat out his cum onto
the floor and smiled sweetly at his stunned face as she got up. 

����������� �Excuse
me, mister, but can you open the barrier now?� The man stood there for a good
ten seconds before responding, quickly putting his cock back into his pants and
smiling awkwardly as he put the barrier up. 

����������� �There
you are, little lady!� He smiled oddly as she drove off, waving to her his head
screaming that they had just allowed a girl with probably huge amounts of drugs
in her trunk to drive off, his penis screaming he had
just been given a blowjob. He smiled. It was probably harmless anyway.



����������� Suzy was smiling too. A little blowjob
to get her way � it was harmless. She knew that definitely from school, and now
from avoiding the law. The car sped on, Suzy smiling broadly once more as
Valerie moaned in the trunk. They got to her house at about 3.30am,
with no other major occurrences � bar the fact that Danni woke up and vomited
in her backseat. She�d have to clean that up, thought Suzy. Or she could get
Valerie to do it. She smiled wickedly as Danni continued to vomit, giving no
reason for it, confusing Danni. All would be revealed in the morning, she told
her.

&nbsp;



&nbsp;

����������� �Hey,
did we score last night?� Janie had just woken up, hungover
and in pain from last night�s heavy drinking. The other girls, oddly well
rested, were downstairs, eating waffles.

����������� �Nah, sorry girls. We did have one hell of a night though,
eh?� Danni sipped her orange juice, yelping every time her head thumped. She
was well-rested, but still very much in pain from all the alcohol last night.
As well as that, she was sitting opposite Suzy, who had been smiling all night
and day since Danni had woken up in the backseat last night. She hated smilers � more, she hated smilers
who had no reason to smile. Suzy reached for a glass of orange juice and began
to sip heartily. She was in a fantastic mood as she had gone down to the garage
when she woke up � at about 10am (the crack of dawn for these girls) � and had
prepared everything for her little playtime with Valerie. She had looked so scared as Suzy had opened up the trunk door and stared
down at the little bitch, writhing about, trying to break free. She licked her
lips once again, sipping the orange juice.

����������� �Fucking
hell, my head hurts.� Danni rubbed her temples, in the vain hope that she would
be able to massage out some of the pain. No such luck. She sighed, picking up a
piece of toast, beginning to munch on it mindlessly. Suzy whistled now, pouring
syrup over her meal.

����������� �Well,
you know what they say about hangovers?� she gaily noted as she sat down.

����������� �What,
that they really, really hurt?� Danni had not heard this particular saying and
was in no mood to fuck about.

����������� �No.
Well, yes. But also that nothing cures them like oral sex.� The two girls
dropped their breakfasts and looked at Suzy with wide eyes, who was knowingly
tucking into her waffles. 

����������� �Wow,
wow. I thought you said we didn�t score last night.� Janie was looking at Sara
with anger in her eyes � if there was sex anywhere, she hated being second to
know about it. Her pussy was getting wet just thinking about it. 

����������� �Well,
we didn�t. I did.� Suzy marched onwards, as if what she had said barely
mattered at all. The girls followed her, mouths agape and eyes wide.

����������� �So�what�s
he like? When did he leave? Was this a one-night stand? What did you do?� A
multitude of inane, assuming questions hit Suzy like machine-gun fire. She smiled
coyly, walking towards the garage with loud footsteps. Footsteps
that woke a certain chained, naked girl.

����������� �Well, girls. You�ve made quite a few assumptions, haven�t
you? The biggest one surely being that I actually had a hangover. I didn�t
drink that much last night, girls, unlike you guys. Hell, I don�t know if that
oral sex thing is true. Care to find out though?� The girls� eyes went
ballistic at this point � before they were just stir-crazy. Suzy sighed
slightly, her heart racing. She had never told these guys of her persuasion to
dominance before, and was about to let it slip in a way that would give no
opportunity to turn back. She turned the knob of the door leading to the garage
and opened up the door.

����������� There
laid Valerie, in her chains, hog-chained, if you will. With the same gag on as
last night, breathing through her mouth, naked as the day she was born, bar her
new silver bindings. Her face was stained with dry cunt
juices of Suzy, her mascara ruined by her tears and sweat, her breasts a dull
red colour from being lied on for two hours � she had only just managed to turn
herself over so that she was lying on her side, which, whilst less painful,
meant that her breasts and vagina were on display to these complete strangers.
But that wasn�t the sexiest thing about all of this, in Suzy�s (and she hoped
her friends�) eyes. She had a look of abject terror in her eyes, a look in her
eyes that pleaded with her captors � free me, or let me die. She trembled as
Suzy walked over to the cage, an ice-cold look in her freckled face. Valerie
shook more, shaking her head vehemently as Suzy reached in a hand and grabbed
her breast, pulling at it. From her gagged mouth she let out a single moan,
which increased as Suzy pulled harder, clenching her teeth as she did so. Suzy
released it suddenly, letting go and shoving the girl through the bars back
onto her breasts on the floor, spitting on her ass as she did so.

����������� Throughout
this time, Danni and Janie had remained speechless. Their mouths had opened
beyond comprehension, and their eyes, although utterly stunned, full of shock,
pity and fear, were unable to look away. Thousands of questions ran through
their heads as they watched this display of heartless control by Suzy, their
previously-sane friend. Slowly, Janie prepared herself to speak.

����������� �Wh-when did you get a cage?� Of course, the stupidest
question possible came out of her lips � an annoying trait when you are shocked
beyond belief. Suzy turned and looked up at Janie.

����������� �About a week ago. Had to have it custom-made.
Not many dogs are this size.� She looked at them both nervously, praying they
weren�t about to freak out on her. A joke ought to lighten the situation, she
thought. �She�s toilet-trained.� Janie and Danni looked at her with bug-eyes. Too soon. Definitely too soon.

����������� �Look,
I�ll explain. I picked her up last night. She was working at a petrol station,
and I was able to overpower her and��

����������� �What?!� Janie screamed (under her breath � she didn�t want
to scream in front of the chained-up naked girl in her house) �She didn�t come
willingly? You kidnapped her?� Suzy looked at them sheepishly.

����������� �Look,
I�m sorry, guys. I get these urges, you see.� She looked down at her feet.

����������� �What,
lesbian urges?� Danni was still in shock at the prisoner�s lack of a penis.

����������� �No.
Just�dominant urges. Like sometimes I see a little weak bitch and I�ll have to
insult them, shout at them, make them feel inferior.
It�s a problem I�ve been able to resist for a while, but last night I just
embraced it. Fuck it, it felt good. It feels good. It
feels particularly good when they�re not willing. When they�ve been thrown to
the floor and made to do as I say. You girls wouldn�t understand, but there�s
something sexy beyond belief about forcing someone to do your will. And last
night, I discovered it fully. I�ve never done anything like this before. You
girls should count yourselves lucky. You�ve seen the birth of a new me � a new
me with my own little plaything. You should also count yourselves lucky I
didn�t pick you guys.� She looked at them half-stern, half-joking as she said
it. The girls, suddenly afraid for their lives, laughed forcedly. 

����������� �OK,
ignoring the fact that what you�ve done is very immoral and wrong �� whilst
Danni was saying this, her eyes never left the struggling twenty-eight-year old
in front of them � �- what about the police? You�ve just kidnapped a very
attractive woman and sexually assaulted her!�

����������� �Rape,
really. I forced her to eat me last night.� Janie moaned very slightly at that,
something which caught the ear of Suzy and Danni.

����������� �Whatever.
You raped this girl � why aren�t the police worried? Why aren�t you worried?�
Suzy smiled, and walked back over to Valerie, who was yelping and screaming for
the girls to untie her, to do anything, to stop this waking hell.

����������� �I�ll
address this one to Valerie as well. She�ll find this very interesting.� She
cleared her throat grandly. �Well, girls and slut, I have some news. Some very sad news. This morning, Valerie Turner�� She
looked at the woman, chained up, who was moaning and screaming, a tear
trickling down her face, who almost knew what Suzy was
going to say before she said it, �This morning, Valerie Turner was assumed
dead, following the explosion of a Shell garage in small-town California. Her
remains have not been found, except for her clothes. The police will have
finished their investigation by this evening � concluding someone accidentally
lit a cigarette � probably you, Val � blowing the place sky-high. That�s a
shame, ain�t it, slut?� Valerie looked at her captor,
her eyes burning, her entire body shaking � learning her fate, to be some
little bitch�s slut forever. Because no-one was going to come
looking for her. She screamed into her gag, letting the tears flow
freely, begging and yet cursing them at the same time. Suzy came over, put her
hand through the cage and slapped her on the ass.

����������� �Quiet!
What the hell do you think you�re doing, whore? You�re living under my roof!
That means you keep quiet until I say so, you hear me? So SHUT THE FUCK UP!�
She slapped her again, and this time she was silent. Suzy turned around and
looked at her stunned friends.

����������� �So. How�re your hangovers?� She smiled at them,
half-sheepishly, half-wickedly. The girls had no idea what to say. What would
she do if they declined? Could they decline? Would this woman really give them
oral sex? Every one of their questions was surrounded in their heads by the
ongoing scream of �Holy shit! There�s a naked, chained woman in a cage being
beaten up by my best friend! Holy shit!� The girls
stood there.

����������� �Girls? How are they?� Suzy stood there, suddenly afraid.
They wouldn�t rat on her. No fucking way. She looked at them, sterner. 

����������� �Mine�s
still there.� Danni looked back at Suzy, with that half-wicked, half-sheepish
look. �But how do you know she�s not going to freak when you let her out of the
cage?� Suzy looked at her, smiling once again. Good old Danni. She would do it,
but was just safety conscious. She suddenly pulled out a knife that she had
been hiding behind the fridge in the garage. Valerie suddenly stopped
struggling.

����������� �Pretty
cool, ain�t it, Val? Cuts through
flesh pretty fast. I could stab you in the stomach,
you�d be dead in seconds. And, of course, nobody would care. Except for me, and
my cleaner, who�d have to clean up all your blood. And your body, probably. We�d probably just throw that in
the gutter, you know. Let you rot.� Valerie�s eyes widened as she spoke,
sobbing in her gag. �You don�t want that, do you, Val?� Valerie shook her head,
red with humiliation. �No you don�t! So how�s about we get you out of that cage
and those chains and let you start your new life as my personal fucktoy right a-fucking-way!� Suzy waited for the sobs to
stop, waited for Valerie to look up at her, and then slowly lower her head to
the floor and nod slightly. Suzy�s heart leapt, and her cunt
became wetter. She opened up the cage door slowly, with trembling hands, and
undid the cuffs on Valerie�s wrists, still clutching the knife. Valerie�s eyes
never left the knife, watching it as the freckled girl held it � afraid of what
this bitch could do to her. She still tasted the gasoline on her from last
night. She gulped, feeling the tears roll down her gagged mouth. She tasted the
freedom to move for the first time since last night, before she was bundled
into that car, before she felt the knife at her neck, sobbing again at the
hard, cold feel.

����������� �On your knees. There are rules in this house.� Suzy walked
around her new slave, gagged and on the floor as Danni looked on in shock. �Rule #1. You will always, unless explicitly told otherwise,
be naked and on your knees. I can�t stress that enough, slave. We can�t have
you clothed. We want easy access. Which, given your whorish activities, I know
you often give.� Valerie continued to cry into her gag, barely looking at Suzy.
Suzy carried on, regardless, watching her, grabbing a stick from the side as
she did so, whacking it on to her hand. �Rule #2, you shall not speak unless
spoken to. And then, you will call us by Mistress. I am Mistress Suzy, that is
Mistress Danni and�� She went to point at Janie, but she was turned away,
unable to look at the scene, so horrified. Suzy turned back. She definitely
would come around to her way of thinking. �Rule #3, you have no rights. You are
nothing to anyone � you�re as good as dead to the outside world, and here
you�re less than that. You will do exactly as we say, at all times. You hear
me?� She looked down at Valerie, thrusting the stick to just below her chin.
Valerie looked up, nodding her head. Suzy grabbed her by the hair and tore off the
gag, looking at her with ice cold eyes.

����������� �Yes�what?�

����������� Valerie
could hardly breathe after being gagged for so long, but was able, with a dry
mouth and watering eyes, to muster out a �Yes Mistress Suzy.� She looked at her
feet as she said this, feeling utterly beaten, her body sore. She had just
given in.

����������� �Good.
Very good. Now then, slut, me
and my friends here were wondering something. Danni here was wondering whether
oral sex gets rid of hangovers. Because I read somewhere that they did, slave,
on the internet. I think I saw a couple of pictures of you, giving yourself to
tons of dirty men, slut. Like the whore you are, letting them fuck you.�
Valerie looked away. She was on the internet once. Showing
her legs slightly. Nothing more. But the fact
that these accusations were lies made them no less hurtful. She looked at the
floor. �What do you reckon, slut? Does it get rid of
hangovers?� Danni�s eyes lit up at Suzy�s words � she slowly began to unbutton
her jeans.

����������� �I�I
don�t know, Mistress Suzy.� Valerie kept watching the knife, remembering
everything she said because of it. She had to play along, for her life. She
shook and nodded her head, saying stuff like �Mistress� without thinking � she
hadn�t had enough sleep and the ramifications were hardly sinking in. She just
wanted to survive. Perhaps these women would let her go soon. She could barely
think about what they were saying � she couldn�t let herself think that they
were keeping her for more than three days. For more than a
week. A month. She shuddered. These people were
insane.

����������� Suzy
grabbed Valerie�s hair and led her next to Danni, who was quickly getting her
jeans off. Valerie�s tears continued to roll down as she felt herself being
cuffed again � she felt her hands being cuffed behind her back along with her
ankles, so that she was helpless on her knees in front of this woman. Danni was
soon in just a top and panties, looking at Valerie with bright eyes. Suzy knelt
down, looking at Valerie as she whispered into her ear � �We�re about to find
out, bitch�� Danni pulled down her panties and grabbed
Valerie�s head, pulling her to her crotch � moaning at Valerie�s screams. �Lick
her, Valerie,� Suzy laughed as Danni shoved her face in harder, making it
impossible for her to breathe. Danni sat there, forcing her in, but not feeling
her tongue. Sensing this, Suzy picked up the knife and placed it, on its blunt
side, on Valerie�s back. �Lick her, Valerie!� She shouted now at the poor
woman, who, like last night, put her tongue into this stranger�s pussy. Danni
moaned more as the tongue penetrated her, moving in and out, fucking her face.
Suzy�s laughs got louder and louder as Valerie suffocated on Danni�s cunt, stroking the knife against her back, cutting it just
slightly, leaving a slight graze down her back. Valerie was now sobbing
inconsolably as she felt the knife � which could end her so-called life at any
time � dance its sadistic dance over her. With a disgusting squelch, Danni
lifted the sobbing face, covered in tears and her own juices, and slapped it. 

����������� �I�m
going to hold your head down there, old slut, without letting you breathe,
until you make me cum. Understand?� Suzy smiled at this. She was getting into
it. Really getting into it. Valerie nodded, before
screaming once again as her head was forced back onto this teenager�s pussy
lips, covering her nose and her mouth. Instinctively, for her life, she began
to lick, penetrating hard and fast to survive. The moans from above, muffled as
the girl�s legs blocked off her ears, became harder, screaming profanities at
this object between her legs � �Fucking suck, bitch!�, �Make me cum, you
whore!� � others like it. She groaned, feeling her
bondage at her wrists and at her ankles, screaming into this girl�s pussy,
licking, sucking, sobbing � praying that she�d come so that she could just
fucking breathe�

����������� Suddenly,
like a wave crashing against a shore, Danni came onto the weeping woman�s face
� drowning her in her juices, moaning and screaming in relief. A couple of
seconds passed, a teen�s cunt on full display, a
twenty-eight year old�s face covered in juices and
tears, naked and in chains, with a knife lightly held by her back by a stunned
and nervously-giggling teen. Valerie breathed in, gasping hectically, as Suzy
moved the knife away slowly, still giggling at her fantasy come true. Danni was
gasping herself, holding her pussy, stunned at what she just did. Soon, a
shocked silence deafened the garage, begging for one of the females to break
it. Valerie was the first, lowering her head and resuming crying, struggling
again with her bonds, wondering in her head how this had happened, how she
could ever escape and why, oh why, it had to happen to her. All of these
thoughts and questions came out in the form of weeps, soon silenced by a knock
to the back of her head by Suzy with that rather large stick of hers. A
disgusted look passed Suzy�s face as Valerie fell to the floor, unable to get
up, crying into the hard cement. 

����������� �Shut
it, slut. I don�t want to hear you fucking crying all the goddamn time you�re
being fucked, you hear me?� Suzy�s stick smacked her right on the back, causing
her to cry out more. �Stupid whore. She�ll learn.� Her
look of disgust turned into cheeky delight as she looked up at Danni, who was
still breathing heavily. �So?�

����������� Danni
looked at her, grabbing her panties and putting them back up into a respectable
position. �No hangover. Worked like a charm.� The two girls giggled nervously
again, as Suzy grabbed her knife and began to unchain Valerie to put her back
into her cage. 

����������� �Easy
does it, whore. We don�t want you roaming free, do we?� Valerie looked at the
knife, not daring to do anything. Death was probably worse than this, but she
was too young and afraid to try anything. She crawled back into her cage,
hearing it close shut with a horrible snap. Suzy looked down at her, caged in
the middle of her garage. �I don�t want to hear your
crying any more, slut. Get used to your new life, you hear? Give me your
hands.� Valerie looked unsure for a moment, before seeing the knife hanging
above her head. She thrust her hands up as enthusiastically as one can when
being held against one�s will, hearing the click of handcuffs going around her
thin wrists. �Just to make sure, whore. You understand.�

����������� Suzy
turned away from her now silent slut and looked up at Danni, who was now fully
dressed. Her expression had changed somewhat � the smile of a good orgasm was
replaced by the frown of concern � Janie had left the room. In
a rush. Suzy looked over at Danni � both were thinking the same thing.

����������� �She�s
not on our side.� Danni pulled her hair unhappily, afraid of what Janie,
horrified by their actions, would do.

����������� �Don�t
worry, Danni. She will be,� Suzy said with a smile, opening the door of the
garage and walking out, leaving behind their twenty-eight-year-old slave,
whimpering for mercy. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jamb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





