BDSM Library - An Executive Decision




An Executive Decision
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young lady gets herself into trouble at work fooling around on company time, and her kinky boss decides he can either fire her, or help her explore.







Don�t Piss Off the Boss


 
  Howden John K
   jim
  2
  183
  2006-08-26T11:16:00Z
  2006-08-26T11:16:00Z
  1
  3354
  19122
   
  42411
  159
  44
  22432
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








An Executive Decision

&nbsp;

I
had seen enough. Something had to be done.

&nbsp;

Arriving
at work on time seemed a near-foreign concept, her work was always a day late,
she clearly spent more time chatting than doing her assigned duties, and now,
as it turned out, she�s been misusing the office computers on work hours, on
among other things, an internet forum on bondage. Yeah, that would look really
great to my superiors if it got out that I�d allowed that to carry on. So, I
was left with two choices. Fire her� or give her a helping hand in her
explorations. A more appropriate location to pursue her
little interest.

&nbsp;

Luckily
for her she was such a cutie. Petite, dark hair, dark eyes, a
very lovely mouth. Not to mention, I was keen to find out if I could
mold her into a more model employee. I do enjoy a challenge.

&nbsp;

I
buzzed my secretary�s desk, �Miss Swallows, will you please have Lisa join me
in my office? Do make it clear that I mean now.�

&nbsp;

�Right away sir, of course.�

&nbsp;

I
sat in my office, behind my desk, in my swiveling leather chair. I was, as I
waited, staring out the window onto the city below. Watching the people appear
as ants scurrying from place to place. Worker ants one and
all, in a rush to please whichever master they were under the command of.
The door was straight behind me. In my mind I was also timing out how long it
took Lisa to make her way to my office. If she�d wanted to get here quickly,
she could have made it in one minute. Perhaps two. It
simply wasn�t far enough to justify much more.

&nbsp;

I
waited four and a half minutes, before she eventually found her way in. Fashionably late, as usual. Yes, we would have to see about
that. She spoke in her honey sweet I-don�t-take-orders-very-well voice,� �You asked to see
me, Mr. Wolf?�

&nbsp;

�Yes
Lisa, I did. Please sit down.�

&nbsp;

I
continued to stare out the window, though I could see her reflection in the
glass. A well dressed girl, I�d give her that much. One thing she didn�t need
teaching on at least. She made her way to the chair across my desk, and seated
herself. I asked the question, �Lisa, do you enjoy working here?�

&nbsp;

Without
any hesitation, she gave me �the boss wants to hear X� response, �Of course Mr.
Wolf. It�s wonderful to work at such a fine company�. �Good, Lisa. That�s very
good. But there are a couple of problems I�d like to discuss.�

&nbsp;

�Oh?�

&nbsp;

I
could already hear her having to restrain herself just a degree. She didn�t
like bosses. Or orders. Or being
told what to do. At least, not in her public life.
�Yes, for example, your last couple projects have been a bit behind schedule.
And you�ve been late several times in the past few weeks. And, I must say, it�s
observable among the office staff that you do enjoy a good chat - at almost any
time of the day. Nothing not easily correctable, I�m
sure you will agree with me.�

&nbsp;

�Of
course, Mr. Wolf,� was the entirety of her reply. She wasn�t really listening
to me, of course. Like a teenager being chastised for being busted smoking a
joint. Yes mother, I promise, no more of that nasty sweet leaf. Puff puff puff. She was going to tell
me what I wanted to hear, until the meeting ended, and then go right back to
doing the same thing she did before. Except that I wasn�t finished.

&nbsp;

�There�s
also one other� rather minor thing I�d like to discuss with you, Lisa,� I said,
as I swiveled my chair around to finally face the young woman across from me. I
moved my hand to open a manila folder that contained a couple pages of text. It
was my secret weapon in this little venture, and I was sure she would know it
when I read it to her. �What else is there to discuss, Mr. Wolf,� she queried,
clearly already tiring of listening to me. �Well Lisa,� I replied, �I�d like to
read something to you, and I want you to tell me if this sounds at all familiar
to you.�

&nbsp;

She
looked puzzled, but responded, �Okay, if you like�. I opened the folder, and
began reading her a paragraph of her own creation, from her little abuse of
company computer privileges. I tried my best not to over-act as I read, though
inside I was rather enjoying myself.

&nbsp;

�I
can�t help but think about some of the men at work sometimes. Hey, we all do it
right? I misbehave at work sometimes, lol I�m
misbehaving at work right now as I write this.�

&nbsp;

Her
face had already gone pale, and her body language had changed from confident to
wildly uncomfortable. Yes Lisa, this sounds all rather familiar, doesn�t it? I
read on.

&nbsp;

�Maybe
one of them should punish me, now wouldn�t that be fun? Haha,
I bet a few of them would probably love it. After all I am a very naughty girl.
I can�t stop myself from thinking about being all tied up, getting a good
spanking� mmmm just love it. Even the thought of a
man turning my ass red makes me a little wet. I can�t wait to try it someday.�

&nbsp;

There
was quite a bit more, some of it rather lewd, but I had already proven my
point, and at the moment she looked like she couldn�t decide whether running
out the door or jumping out my window was the better option. I set the file
down on my desk, and finally, for really the first time since she had entered
my office, focused my eyes solely on her.

&nbsp;

I
spoke to her again, not breaking the character of my corporate persona, �Now
Lisa, this kind of activity at work simply will not do. You understand of
course now that I know about this, protocol dictates that I must do something
about it. Officially, in fact, I�m required to fire you for this kind of
activity.�

&nbsp;

She
squirmed side to side in the chair, silent, and she could not look at me. I
went on.

&nbsp;

�In
fact to be totally honest with you, as you know our company has a 100%
disclosure policy when it comes to making information available when it comes
to employee�s dismissals. That was the lawyers work, of course. Something about
making sure no one is dismissed on unacceptable grounds. Out of my hands, I�m
afraid.�

&nbsp;

My
hand ever-so-conveniently tapped on the file containing her own writings as I
told her this. She looked nearly panicked. Surely, I wouldn�t actually disclose
to all the details of this� would I? Sorry Lisa. I like poker. And I fear
you�re not as good at that as I. She spoke, softly, wavering.

&nbsp;

�Please
Mr. Wolf, I know I�ve done something wrong, but there must be something you can
do. Give me another chance and I promise, you won�t regret it.�

&nbsp;

I
smiled softly, �I�m afraid we are past that point. I�ve really got very few options
here, Lisa. However, I will say that it would be such a shame to fire a good
employee,� well stretching the truth a bit there, �over such an�
understandable desire. Wouldn�t you agree?� 

&nbsp;

Her
eyes made contact with mine, and there was no doubt between us what had just
been said. �Y� Yes Mr. Wolf�. I smiled again, �Good Lisa, that�s very good. I�m
glad we agree�. I took a small note-sized piece of paper, and scribbled
something on it, then offered it to her, saying, �Now, I�m sure we can work
something out that satisfies both of us. This is my address. Come over,
tonight, at nine PM. And, let me be clear, I mean nine
 PM.
Not nine-fifteen, or nine-ten. Are we clear?�

&nbsp;

She
accepted the note with less than a steady hand, �Yes, Mr. Wolf�. �Good,� I
replied, �then return to your desk, and carry on. You�re dismissed.�

&nbsp;

She
got up quickly, and while trying to regain her composure made her way to the
door, feebly clutching the note that would lead her to my hand for the evening.
Just before she opened it I spoke to her one last time, �Remember Lisa. Nine
 o�clock. Not a minute later. And stop visiting that damned forum on company
time.�

&nbsp;

She
left. I turned around in my chair to watch the ant-people again. And I smiled
to myself.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

Eight fifty-five PM, and I was
ready to begin. I�d changed out of my corporate attire - in truth I despise
ties with a true passion, the restrictive collars of the corporate universe
that they are - into something much more casual. I was sitting in my den,
watching some ridiculously bad movie about a serial killer of one variety or
another being chased by a goody-goody cop who�s own wife (shock horror) had
become a killer�s latest kidnap victim. Oh, the drama. A mere time-filler, I
couldn�t have cared less about the film. In truth, I was using the time simply
to plan in my mind all that would come next. A mental once-over, if you will.

&nbsp;

At
eight fifty-nine, by doorbell rang. I turned off the television, and made my
way to the door. I opened it, and there was Lisa. She�s changed, but not for
the worse. Her frame was now hugged by what one might describe as the
proverbial �little black dress�, with shoes to match. Not slutty, but not
dressed for any purpose other than to look attractive. Excellent. �Come on in,
Lisa,� I said warmly, �I�m very glad that you came.�

&nbsp;

�Thank
you, Mr. Wolf,� she managed what, by her standards, must be a nervous smile.
Such a pretty girl, �I couldn�t refuse your offer.�

&nbsp;

I
smiled, �I know,� I beckoned her to enter. She glanced around nervously, �You
have a very nice house, Mr. Wolf�.

&nbsp;

�Thank
you Lisa, I do try. Now please, follow me.�

&nbsp;

I
didn�t invite her over to make small talk, and we�d both known that for the
majority of the day. I beckoned her towards a staircase that clearly led to my
basement. She followed me down, me leading at a deliberately slow pace. We came
to a door, which I opened. I motioned her to walk through, �Please, by all
means. After you�. She smiled softly as I held the door for her, �Thank you.�

&nbsp;

And
with that, she entered The Wolf�s Playground. She took about two steps in the
door and stopped cold, letting out a small gasp, no doubt her eyes taking in
the visage of what was laid out before her. This was, by all definitions, a
BDSM dungeon. There was some limited furniture in the room, including a
traditional bed. There was also something that can only be termed as a �fuck
bench�, a cage designed with the human female in mind, a wall rack that held,
among other things two different paddles, and a bamboo cane. It also held a
rather ornate (and quite real) longsword, but that
was only for show. It does scare the shit out of newcomers though, all the more
fun. There was also a dresser against one wall that contained all manner of
other apparatus. I can only imagine what she thought was inside. Odds are,
whatever she was thinking, she was correct. I walked in behind her, and closed
the door, then proceeded to move into the middle of the room.

&nbsp;

I
turned to her, still unmoving right where she had stopped. I said to her, �Come
here, Lisa�. She did as she was told, and walked to me, slowly. Her body swayed
between desire to experiment in this room and desire to run. We�d get rid of
that second soon enough. I walked around her a couple of times, eyes looking
her over, enjoying what I saw. Her own eyes alternated between me, and the
floor, as she tried to find a way to stand comfortably, which had suddenly
become the most difficult thing in the world. On my second pass around her, I
ran the first two fingers of my hand across the small of her back, and I could
almost see the chill run up her spine. Already responsive to the touch, and we
hadn�t even begun the big stuff. Excellent.

&nbsp;

After
the second pass, I again stood in front of her, my eyes locked with hers,
looking into her, and I said only one word.

&nbsp;

�Strip.�

&nbsp;

She
obeyed, albeit nervously. Not that I could blame her. After all, this was
blackmail. No point denying it. I�d made it clear to her she could come and
play with me and explore her desires, or she�d be fired, and have her secret
exposed in the process. It wasn�t as if she had many choices. Blackmail it may
have been, but she�d thank me for it later. As I recall, several times and in
several unique ways.

&nbsp;

I
watched her slide off her little black dress, the straps sliding down over
shoulders, and the fabric sliding over skin as it fell to the ground. �Totally
naked?� She asked, eyes seeking instruction. So, Lisa. You do take some orders
well, after all. �Yes, Lisa. Totally naked�. I have no doubt my eyes gleamed
nor did I make any effort to hide the smirk I do get in the presence of women
I�m about to make my own. She had on a pair of lovely lace black panties that
now made their way over her delicious legs, falling to the ground, and finally
she stepped out of her heels. The treasures of her fine body exposed to me, I
smiled in approval.

&nbsp;

�Very
good Lisa, very nice indeed,� I said, wanting to encourage her, and allow her
to know she had done well. She smiled, �Thank you sir�, fiddled with her arms,
unsure what to do with them all of a sudden. I moved again, to circle her body,
my eyes taking in every little curve, all the small details; the shape of her
nipples, the curve of her hips into her abdomen, the little mole on her back
just off her right shoulder blade. The details that made Lisa, Lisa. This time,
after one complete time around, I placed a hand on her stomach, and again moved
behind her, close to her body. My hand slid it�s way up over her deliciously
soft skin, cupping her left breast firmly, but not roughly. I began squeezing
it, playing with it, as I whispered into her ear, �You�ve been a very naughty
girl at work, Lisa. Quite a naughty girl indeed.�

&nbsp;

�Yes
Sir�, she whispered back. Her heart was beating. Her body pushed back to mine
almost unconsciously, her breathing more shallow than normal. I moved my other
hand to grope her breasts as well, my hands across each other; my right hand on
her left breast and vice versa. I held her close to me, my own body�s
excitement growing as her naked form writhed against me while I fondled and
twisted at her lovely small breasts. A soft moan escaped her lips. I kissed her
gently on the neck a couple of times, and her body pushed back to me more, my
own erection now pushing into her as she rubbed against it, encouraging me
onwards. My right hand slipped up to gently grip her neck. I held her against
me, fondling her right breast, and said to her, �I think it�s about time you
got punished for your misbehavior, don�t you?�

&nbsp;

I
fondled her breast more roughly as she moaned out a �Yes please Sir,� in reply.
I was certain she was quite aroused, though I hadn�t touched her pussy yet.
She�d have that soon enough. As would I, for that matter. My hands slid down
her body, down to her hips and thighs, gently stroking over her fine feminine
form. I gave out her next command.

&nbsp;

�You
see that cage? Bend yourself over it. It�s time for your punishment, young
lady.�

&nbsp;

She
walked forward, obeying my will, and bent herself over the cold steel of my
cage. Her most intimate areas totally exposed to me. I walked to the dresser,
opened a drawer, and pulled out some ropes. I walked over to her slowly,
letting her have a good look at them. If she wanted to object, she would have
plenty of opportunity. None came, as I tied her supple form into place bent
over the foul contraption below. I stepped back to admire my handiwork. Yes,
she looked quite lovely. Not quite the complete package yet though. I went back
to the dresser, and returned holding a black ball gag. I hung it out in front
of her, plain to see, and I issued her another command.

&nbsp;

�Open
your pretty little mouth.�

&nbsp;

She
smiled nervously, hesitated only for a second, but then her pretty little mouth
did open. Her eyes, and her actions all said that lust to experience what came
next had long since won out over any fear at what was to come. I slid the ball
into her mouth, and secured the clasp firmly behind her head. I then got down
on one knee, so we were more or less eye level, myself and my bound, gagged
naughty toy. Our eyes met, a clear lust between us. I smiled, and kissed her on
the cheek, then said to her in total sincerity, �Lisa, my little naughty toy,
you really do look so lovely with something in your mouth.�



With
that, she blushed, I smiled, and stood up, and began to undress in front of
her. Lisa�s eyes took me in as I undressed as gracefully as I could manage, and
she certainly didn�t fail to see that I was standing at full attention as my
pants and underwear were discarded. Here eyes focused quite solidly on it, in
fact. I walked by her, leaned over and whispered, �Not yet, naughty Lisa.
First, your punishment. Then, my pleasure.�

&nbsp;

I
walked over to my rack, and selected a solid black paddle. A good place to
begin, yes. Perfect for whack after whack to give this little toy her due
comeuppance. As I moved myself behind her, I could not help but notice that she
was already wet, and quite ready.

&nbsp;

�Lisa,
you dirty little slut, I haven�t even got going yet and you are practically
dripping. Just how naughty are you?�

&nbsp;

A
muffled happy sounding something or other was the reply. I smiled. And then I
began listing off her punishment.

&nbsp;

�Now
Lisa, it�s time for my nice paddle here to punish your lovely, lovely little
ass. Let�s see. By my count, 20 days late to work. Five separate work
assignments completed late. Lord knows how much idle chatter when you should be
working. Let�s call that worth five more. And the small matter of using the
company computer system to express what a naughty little slut you want to be,
Lisa. I�m going to call that ten.

&nbsp;

So
by my count, twenty plus five plus five plus ten, I reach forty. All due to you
being such a naughty girl at work. Any objection, my naughty pet?�

&nbsp;

A
non-objecting �mmmmf� was as much of a reply as she
could muster from her present position. I continued.

&nbsp;

�Good.
Now, Lisa, to make sure we get this right, every time I punish you, count off a
stroke for me. I want to hear you count for me. It would be a shame to lose
count and have to start all over.�

&nbsp;

It�s
just one of my things. A woman, gagged, letting out the muffled sounds that are
supposed to be numbers, into a ball in her mouth. In combination with the sound
of my paddle and her behind, it makes such lovely music.

&nbsp;

I
ran my paddle over her ass and the back of her thighs, letting her feel it,
letting her feel me gently stroke it across her flesh. Letting her wonder when
the first blow would come, and how hard would it be, and would the 39 that
follow all feel the same. I teased her in this manner for a minute or two. Even
pulling away like I was going to strike, then touching her with it gently
again. Her pussy was already saying �yes sir� before stroke number one made
contact.

&nbsp;

I
pulled back, and the first stroke came across her right cheek. It was certainly
not as hard as I could swing, but it was by no means gentle. She let out a
moan, her body jumped (as much as a well tied down body bent over a steel cage
will jump) and then she counted into her gag, the lovely sound of her excited
voice letting out a muffled �one�. The second stroke came to the left cheek.
Again, a moan, a jump, a count. I repeated striking her more or less in rhythm� up to 12, when I decided to tease her a bit
more with it. Her ass changing shades from pink, towards red. 13, 14, 15, 16,
17� yes, such a naughty girl. This was going to take a while. Smack against
flesh, over and over. Muffled cries of pleasure, over and over. The sound of
her muffled counting, over and over. Her body becoming more and more excited
with each passing stroke. 27, 28, 29, 30� Her ass and the backs of her thighs
quite solidly red. 34, 35, 36, 37� and I�ll be damned. The naughty little toy
came for me. What a good girl she was.

&nbsp;

�My
lovely toy Lisa, what a naughty girl you are. Cuming as I paddle that pretty
ass. Such a lovely show you give to me my pet.

&nbsp;

Three
more. Count.�

&nbsp;

Her
panting, squirming, writhing body obliged. 38� 39� 40. Good girl, oh yes, good
girl. By this time I was quite ready to get on with the next phase. I put my
paddle back into it�s place on my rack of implements.

&nbsp;

�Very,
very good Lisa. Outstanding in fact. You may be a naughty little slut but you
counted very well. You�ve taken your punishment better than I could have hoped.
Now, just as I said, your punishment, my pleasure.�

&nbsp;

I
rubbed my hard cock over her dripping pussy, teasing her. Her ass was a
multitude of lovely reds. I groped it firmly and roughly with my hands, making
sure she�d feel it quite a lot. My hands took her hips. And then my cock took
her pussy.

&nbsp;

I
was not gentle. After smacking her ass 40 times, my body was in no mood for
romance. Her body was more than just accepting as I pushed myself into her,
over and over again, taking her for my pleasure. �You dirty girl Lisa,� I
hissed, �You�re enjoying every second of this. I�m taking you hard, I�m taking
you just for me, and you�re still enjoying every second of this. What a naughty
slut you are Lisa, yes. All mine. You�re all mine�. She moaned again and again,
unable to control her desires of pleasure as I took her again and again and
again, I bucked and I fucked, and she moaned, bent over my cage. Her warm, wet dripping
pussy was too much for my cock to resist as it went deep into her, again and
again� my body tensed, I let out a loud moan as a wave of pleasure totally
rushed through my form, and then in a flash of a trillion colours
exploded out of my body, and straight into her. I allowed myself to rest on top
of her for a moment, pressing her into the cage a bit. And then I climbed off
of her, and got in front of her.

&nbsp;

�You�ve
been a very good girl, Lisa. I think it�s time to let you off this� thing.�

&nbsp;

I
undid her gag, and untied her from her prison.

&nbsp;

�Come
and lay with me on the bed,� I told her. We lay there for some time, and made
love in a more traditional manner later still, pleasuring each other greatly as
she became used to the after effects of her newly explored want.

&nbsp;

*****

&nbsp;

The
next day at work, she came into my office shortly after lunch.

&nbsp;

�Mr.
Wolf, I� I just want you to know�

&nbsp;

I
hope you will punish me again.�

&nbsp;

I
smiled at her, looked her in the eyes, and said, �My naughty Lisa, I would not
have it any other way. I expect you to make your presence at my home a regular
thing. Once a week. Nine O�clock. Be prompt, and I promise you my dear� there
is much left to do.�

&nbsp;

She
smiled, �Yes Mr. Wolf� thank you sir!� and soon after left my office.

&nbsp;

She
has been good to our arrangement. She makes her way to my home on a regular
basis, once a week. And always she shows up on time. Granted, I more or less
have to make up reasons to �punish� her these days, but who cares about that.
The bottom line is, we enjoy each other very much, and months later I�ve put
more marks on her pretty behind than I can possibly remember.

&nbsp;

And
you know what else? It�s the damnedest thing. Her work seems to get done on
time these days.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Timberwolf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





