BDSM Library - The Brat




The Brat
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  Sometimes it is tough being a daddy.








The Brat � SFCityDom � 2006

 
  Matthew Birder
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-10-27T15:05:00Z
  2006-10-27T15:05:00Z
  1
  2002
  11417
   
  95
  26
  13393
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The
Brat � SFCityDom � 2006

&nbsp;

8:10
Wednesday Morning

&nbsp;

Enjoying
my morning coffee, I hear her off-key singing as she comes down the stairs.
With the slapping sound of her bare feet landing on the hard floors, I look
over my newspaper and see her dance to music I can�t hear. 

&nbsp;

She
makes her way into the kitchen, pours herself a glass of orange-juice and makes
herself some toast.

&nbsp;

�You
came in late last night.� 

&nbsp;

�Uh.�

&nbsp;

�Take
those damn things off!�

&nbsp;

She
makes a face at me.� �What?�

&nbsp;

�I
said�take those damn things off!�

&nbsp;

�What?�� As she removes the headphones.

&nbsp;

�I
said, take those damn things off! It is really annoying that you use your iPod
when you are walking around the house. Just turn on the stereo.�

&nbsp;

�Whatever.�

&nbsp;

I
glare at her. 

&nbsp;

�Um,
sorry.�

&nbsp;

�You
came home late last night.�

&nbsp;

�I
was out with Monique.� 

&nbsp;

�I
want you home early this evening.�

&nbsp;

�I
have plans.�� Between bites of toast and
slips of juice.

&nbsp;

�Cancel
�em. You have been out late too much lately. You need to concentrate on your
studies and you need your rest.�

&nbsp;

�But,
I can�t��

&nbsp;

�You
had best be here when I get home.�

&nbsp;

�Jeezus.� She whines. 

&nbsp;

�Don�t
roll your eyes at me, young lady. Is your homework done?�

&nbsp;

�Yes,�
she replies in a snotty tone.

&nbsp;

�You
need to hurry up and get ready. That school is costing good money; I don�t want
you late.�

&nbsp;

�Ok,
Ok�

&nbsp;

�I
have to get to the office.�

&nbsp;

�I
need forty dollars� she yells as she runs up the stairs.

&nbsp;

�What
for?� My enquiry falls short as she shuts the door to the bathroom.

&nbsp;

Leaving
two twenty-dollar bills on the entry table, I grab my jacket and bag and head
out the door.

&nbsp;

7:45
Wednesday Evening

&nbsp;

�Hello?�
as I walk through the door. 

&nbsp;

Silence.
Putting down my jacket and bag, I notice all the lights are on in the house. 

&nbsp;

�Hello!�


&nbsp;

Again,
no answer.

&nbsp;

I
head upstairs to take a shower. As I pull off my pants, my cell phone rings,
alerting me to an inbound text message from her. I retrieve the message. �with
monique home later.� 

&nbsp;

�God
damn brat.� I say to myself.

&nbsp;

I
call her cell. She doesn�t answer and it goes to voice mail.

&nbsp;

�Hi,
I got your text message. This morning I made it clear that you should be home
this evening. I suggest that you head home now!�

&nbsp;

I
then text message her.

&nbsp;

�u
should b home�

&nbsp;

I
expressly told her to be home, she has blatantly disobeyed me and I am now
pissed. But I know her, I am pretty certain where she will be around 10:30 this
evening.

&nbsp;

While
showering, my thoughts are of her. Why does she do this? I try to provide an
environment that is supportive, secure, and safe and give her the opportunities
she deserves. Sometimes, I wonder if I make it too easy for her. Maybe she does
not appreciate or respect me. Or as all young people do, is she just testing
her limits.

&nbsp;

As
I prepare dinner, I wait for her call that never arrives. Communication is
something that is important to me, of which she is well aware. It is a rare
instance in which someone doesn�t know what is going on in my mind. If
anything, I may communicate too much. Sometimes I make mistakes, perhaps
reacting quickly when staying back a bit may be the better course.
Nevertheless, you would be hard-pressed to call me passive/aggressive.

&nbsp;

It
is 10:00 o�clock and I still have not heard from her. By now she should be at a
club on 4th St. This is the most likely place to find her on a Wednesday
evening. I pull on my boots, grab a jacket and head down to the garage. I start
up the truck and exit the garage for the 10-minute drive to the club.

&nbsp;

When
I arrive at the club, outside there is a line of people waiting to get in.
There is no parking near the club; therefore, I need to double-park the truck.
I turn on the flashers, get out of the truck and set the alarm.

&nbsp;

Walking
up to the bouncer guarding the entrance, I remove my driver�s license from my
wallet.

&nbsp;

�You
need to wait in line with everyone else.���
The bouncer says as I approach.

&nbsp;

�Listen.
My underage daughter is in there and I am going in to retrieve her. Here is my
driver�s license.� I will be right out.�

&nbsp;

�I
can�t let you in.�

&nbsp;

�Listen,
You let me in or I am going to call the police and Alcohol Enforcement and
inform them that you have minors in your establishment.�

&nbsp;

�Ok,
hurry up.� He takes my license from me. 

&nbsp;

People
in line complain about me getting in ahead of them.

&nbsp;

I
walk into the club.� It is dark and very
Goth. Nine Inch Nails � �Hand That Feeds� is playing over the speakers. The
club is filled with three groups of people: pure Goth, the fetish crowd and
vanilla metro-sexual 20 something males. The latter group, clad In their khakis
and moussed hair stand out like I would at church. They come here to watch the
S/M scenes, see the fetish chicks and maybe get their asses smacked by some
Domme.

&nbsp;

I
scan the crowd looking for her or for Monique. I see Monique across the room
near the bar. I know that the brat is not far away. Around Monique is a small
crowd of vanilla boys, all vying for her attention. Out the corner of my eye, I
catch a glimpse of her walking from the women�s room. 

&nbsp;

No
matter how she dresses, sluttily, fetishy, or classy, she is always beautiful.
I remember the first time I saw her and how at that moment she became my
definition of beauty. Sometimes, in a moment, everything changes.

&nbsp;

She
is wearing a dark red corset, black latex pants and high heels and her hair is
in a ponytail. She reaches the crowd of boys, Monique hands her a drink. I hang
back for a bit to see what she does. She is just standing there sipping her
drink and chatting with the boys.

&nbsp;

I
have always enjoyed watching her interact with people; to see her in a crowd at
a club or party. She can hold court if she desires. I sometimes wonder who she
really is: the bratty girl I see at home or the self-assured woman I see now?
The truth? She is both.

&nbsp;

Standing
there, I almost get lost just watching her. One of the boys reaches over and
touches her arm. Even from this distance, I can tell she is not happy with his
touch as she recoils from him.

&nbsp;

�Fuck
that,� I say to myself and I begin to make my way to her.

&nbsp;

Weaving
my way across the dance floor of spinning, death-faced dancers, I come up
behind her. Monique sees me and her eyes grow large as I approach. I step
between her and the boy that touched her and grabbing the brat by the shoulder,
I spin her around. She appears extremely startled.

&nbsp;

The
boy that touched her steps into my space and speaks up. 

&nbsp;

�Hey
old man, she is with me.�

&nbsp;

�No
I am not. I just met him here,� she quickly speaks up in disdain.

&nbsp;

Looking
at her intensely, I can tell that I have made her squirm.

&nbsp;

�I
swear I just met him.�

&nbsp;

�She
did,� Monique concurs.

&nbsp;

Taking
her drink from her and handing it to Monique, I step forward, backing the brat
up against the wall with my face right in hers. With heels, she is only a
couple of inches shorter than I. However, I still tower over her.

&nbsp;

�Where
are you supposed to be?�

&nbsp;

�I
texted you that I was going out with Monique.�

&nbsp;

�Wrong
answer.�

&nbsp;

�I��
she tries again.

&nbsp;

�Wrong
answer. This morning where did I tell you to be this evening when I got home?�

&nbsp;

�Home
�but ��

&nbsp;

�No
buts.� And I left a text message and
voice mail reminding you where you were supposed to be.�

&nbsp;

�I
guess, I couldn�t hear my phone.�

&nbsp;

�Give
me your phone.�

&nbsp;

�Why?�

&nbsp;

�Just
give it to me.�

&nbsp;

She
reaches into her bag and hands me her phone. I scroll through her messages. She
has retrieved both the voice mail and the text message.

&nbsp;

�So
you have no excuse for not being home except that you are a spoiled fucking
brat.�

&nbsp;

�But��

&nbsp;

Again
the boy speaks up: �Dude, ah, �scuse me, but do you own her?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I do, actually. We are leaving. Monique do you have cab fare?�

&nbsp;

�Yeah.�

&nbsp;

I
reach up and grab the brat by the ear lobe. This will put her in her place. If
I had grabbed her by the hair or something more menacing, it would simply have
aroused both her and the crowd.

&nbsp;

�Fuck,
that hurts!� she squeals.

&nbsp;

I
begin walking her across the dance floor when one of the boys grabs my arm.

&nbsp;

�Dude,
that is not cool.�

&nbsp;

�Unless
you want to learn how to pick up bloody teeth, I suggest you get your fucking
hands off me.�

&nbsp;

He
lets go of me and I continue pulling her across the dance floor by the ear. In
the latex pants, she needs to shuffle to keep up with me and the heels don�t
help.

&nbsp;

As
we exit the club and pass the bouncer, he hands me back my license.

&nbsp;

�Hey,
she isn�t underage,� he states.

&nbsp;

�Yeah
and she�s not my daughter either.�

&nbsp;

�Jeezus,
I can�t believe you are embarrassing me like this.�

&nbsp;

�And
I can�t believe you completely disregarded my request.�

&nbsp;

I
disarm the truck alarm, open the passenger�s door and push her in, shutting the
door on her. As I get in the truck, she calls me an asshole. We drive off down
4th street. 

&nbsp;

�Can
I have my phone back?�

&nbsp;

�No.
You can go without it for a week.�


�I
can�t. My calendar is on there,� she whines.

&nbsp;

�I
will give you a pen and paper and you can write out your calendar.�

&nbsp;

�I
can�t believe what an ass you are being.�

&nbsp;

�Stop
while you are ahead,� I warned her.

&nbsp;

�You
treat me like child.�

&nbsp;

�Act
like child and you will be treated like one.�

&nbsp;

�Fuck
you.�

&nbsp;

With
her words, I turn left on to 16th street and go beyond were the road
ends and into a vacant lot. It is on the bay, dark and desolate. She looks over
at me and realizes she has gone too far. Grabbing her by the hair, I slap her
across the face. 

&nbsp;

The
slap brings a glazed calm to her. Her response is similar to when you pick up a
pissed-off cat by the scruff of the neck, how they suddenly become still and
quiet.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
ever talk to me that way again.�

&nbsp;

I
reach into the storage box under the backseat and pull out a cock gag. I keep a
few items on hand as one never knows when they may be needed. She struggles
with me as I force it into her mouth and buckle it around her head. She is now
more pissed then before. Again, I slap her.

&nbsp;

Getting
out of the truck, I walk around to the passenger side and open the door. There
is always rope in the truck. It comes in handy. Binding her hands behind her
back, I force her out of the truck and push her, stomach down, onto the
passenger seat. With the excess rope, I pull her arms up and secure them to the
grab bar above the door. Slapping her again, she begins to cry and gag a bit on
the rubber cock in her mouth. 

&nbsp;

Latex
pants are among the most difficult articles of clothing to put on and get off.
However, I am able to peel them down around her hips and just above her knees,
revealing her bare ass. Because they are skintight, the pants alone serve to
bind her knees together. 

&nbsp;

�You
will never forget this mistake.�

&nbsp;

I
pull my belt from my pants, fold it over and begin beating her ass with it.
With each blow she writhes. I am not even counting tonight. I deliver several
strikes and then I feel her ass to see how hot or welted it has become. After
ten minutes of beating her ass, I grab her cunt. It is soaking wet. This just
makes my cock hard.

&nbsp;

Using
my belt, I make a noose and put it over her head and around her throat. With a
stray piece of rope, I secure her ponytail to her bound hands. Sliding my
fingers into her, I begin to fuck her with my fingers. Her arms are strained by
my thrusting fingers and as she moves her head, she pulls her own hair. I can
hear her muffled moans against the rubber cock.

&nbsp;

Unbuttoning
my pants, I pull my hard cock out and push it into her. With her legs bound by
her latex pants, her cunt is extra tight. With each stroke, I can feel her open
up to me. I hold onto the belt and give it a tug while I fuck her. Not enough
to choke her, she would like that, just enough to let her know I could if I
wanted to. With each thrust of my cock, the rope pulls her arms and again her
hair is pulled.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
fuckin� come. If you do, you will spend the next week home with the exception
of going to class.�

&nbsp;

I
continue raping her cunt and then I feel it. She holds her breath, her body
goes rigid, and I feel her cunt convulse around my cock. 

&nbsp;

�I
told you not to fuckin� come.�

&nbsp;

Pulling
my cock from her cunt, I rub spit on her asshole then thrust into her. With just
the juice from her cunt and my spit for lube, she bucks at the violent entry.
Within two stokes I unload my cum in her ass. I roll off her, resting for a
moment against the truck, I pull up my pants and button them. Removing the belt
from her neck, I slide it back through the belt loops of my pants and buckle
it.

&nbsp;

She
is still hanging there by the rope. The encounter has left her limp. Releasing
her hair from the rope, I untie her arms from the grab bar. With her arms bound
behind her back, I turn her to face me. Tears smear her makeup as she cries. I
unbuckle the gag and remove it from her. 

&nbsp;

�Why
does it have to be this way?� She sobs. 

&nbsp;

�What
way?� 

&nbsp;

�That
we end up angry and short with each other.�

&nbsp;

�Well,
you don�t take responsibility for things. Like being home when I tell you or
doing your homework. It is as if you want me mad.�

&nbsp;

�I
try. But, I�m scared of standing still.�

&nbsp;

I
reach around her and release her wrist from the ropes. She leans back onto the
seat and begins to cry.

&nbsp;

�What
is there to be scared of?� I ask.

&nbsp;

�I
might miss something.�

&nbsp;

�You
might. And as you�re doing something, you will miss something else. You can�t
do it all.�

&nbsp;

�I
know. Just stick with me. I need you.�

&nbsp;

�I
will.� And I pull her close.

&nbsp;

�It�s
is not like I am perfect. You have stuck with me through my mistakes.�

&nbsp;

�Yeah.�
She gasps a breath and snuffles.

&nbsp;

�We
are strange pair.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















The Brat � Part II 

 
  Matthew Birder
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-10-27T15:07:00Z
  2006-10-27T15:07:00Z
  1
  2610
  14878
   
  123
  34
  17454
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The
Brat � Part II � SFCityDom � 2006

&nbsp;

She
climbs into the passenger seat and I shut the door behind her. I make my way to
the around the truck, climb into driver�s seat and shut the door. As I reach
over her to get her seatbelt, she strokes my hair and kisses the back of my
neck. Buckling her in place, for a moment, we are face-to-face.

&nbsp;

�I
love you,� she says.

&nbsp;

�I
know.�

&nbsp;

I
start the truck and take off. On the ride home, neither of us speaks. I touch
her face and she responds by pressing her face into my hand. 

&nbsp;

Pulling
into the garage, I park and help her out of the truck. As we walk, like a small
child seeking reassurance, she takes my hand.

&nbsp;

�Are
you ok?�

&nbsp;

�Yes,�
she says, which fails to convince me.

&nbsp;

On
opening the front door, we both head upstairs and she curls up on the bed. She
holds herself tight as if her life depended on it. 

&nbsp;

�Get
up. No sulking.�

&nbsp;

She
gets up and stands in front of me. Turning her around, I begin to unlace her
corset. Monique must have helped her with it. She would not have been able to
lace it this tight. Peeling the corset from her body reveals a lattice imprint
beautifully running down her back. With my fingers I feel the red embossed
lines etched into her pale skin, tracing my fingers from her shoulders to the
top of her ass.

&nbsp;

�Remove
your heels.� 

&nbsp;

She
complies by kicking them off.

&nbsp;

I
grab her latex pants by waist and pull them down around her ankles. Her ass is
red and welted from my belt. I help her step out of the pants. Turning around
to face me, her arms are folded tight across her breast. She has closed herself
off to me.

&nbsp;

�Go
ready the shower. I will be there in a moment.� 

&nbsp;

She
disappears into the bathroom and I hear the shower door slide open as the water
comes on. 

&nbsp;

At
some point I hope that she gets it. This need she has to be the center of
attention to people who don�t know her or value her. Seen strictly as a piece
of meat, the adoration of the unknown. The boys at the club this evening, they
flocked to her but all they wanted was a piece of her. In the past, this unspoken
need got her in trouble. It is odd, but she must be stripped of her misguided
sense of self-worth in order for her to realize that she is important and
worthy of love and happiness.

&nbsp;

She
must come to understand that I will give her all the freedom she needs.
However, she has to prove to me she can handle it. I need to trust her to take
care of her safety: both physical and emotional. She needs to set priorities-
school, relationships, and play, and follow through on the commitments she
makes. 

&nbsp;

This
woman has all the quality I desire, with all the spirit and pleasure that one
would hope for. The goal is break the pony so she can be controlled without
destroying the spirit. I want her to be good girl and an empowered woman, so
that we can both enjoy the spirited girl.

&nbsp;

I
strip and walk into the bathroom. She is in the shower, just standing with the
water running down her back. I step in behind her and shut the shower door.

&nbsp;

�Are
you ok?� Again I ask.

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I�m fine,� she replies.

&nbsp;

Taking
the shampoo bottle, I pour some onto her head and begin washing her hair. With
my fingers deep into her hair, against her scalp, she rolls her head into my
hands. 

&nbsp;

�Tilt
your head back.�

&nbsp;

With
her head tilted back, I take the showerhead by the handle and begin to rinse. 

&nbsp;

As
I finish rinsing her hair, she begins sobbing. Not cries of disappointment, but
that hurt soul kind of crying, the one of true pain. She moves forward into me.
Putting my arms around her, I can feel her body quiver and convulse as she
holds on to me. She looks up at me with her reddened eyes full of tears. 

&nbsp;

�I
think am ready to let you in,� she says, as snot running from her nose mixes
with spit and tears, stringing across her lips.

&nbsp;

�You
do care about me. It is not just lust or fucking with you, is it?�

&nbsp;

�Why
do you ever doubt me?�

&nbsp;

�Because
it is safer then believing and being hurt.�

&nbsp;

�What
does it mean to let me in?�

&nbsp;

�I
will quit pushing you away and fighting you.�

&nbsp;

�Are
you certain?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I just want to be happy with you.�

&nbsp;

�That
is really all I have ever wanted for you. Whether with me or someone else.�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I want to be happy. I want you to rape me, beat me, fuck me, use me; there is
nothing I will not give you. I am your slut and your girl.�

&nbsp;

I
kiss her on the lips. 

&nbsp;

�Get
up.� 

&nbsp;

With
her standing, I pour body wash onto her. I begin washing her body: her breast,
waist, shoulders, her back and ass, between her legs. When she is all soaped
up, I rinse her off.

&nbsp;

�Put
out your hand.�

&nbsp;

I
pour body wash into her hand.

&nbsp;

�Now
wash me.�

&nbsp;

She
begins by washing my chest and shoulders. I turn and she washes my back and
ass. Facing her, she grabs my cock with her soapy hands and begins to stroke
it. Carefully she washes my balls and then my legs. I take the showerhead and
rinse off.

&nbsp;

I
turn off the water and open the shower door and grab two towels. I hand her one
and she begins to dry off. I step out of the shower.

&nbsp;

�I
want you to blowdry your hair, then put it in a ponytail. I will be waiting in
the bedroom for you.�

&nbsp;

I
finish drying off, pull on a pair of boxer-briefs and return to the bedroom.
Opening the closet, I retrieve the items I will need for this evening: flogger,
cane, rope, lube, butt plug, ring gag, bag of clothespins, and vibrator. With
the items laid out behind me, I sit, waiting for her, on the edge of the bed.

&nbsp;

The
blow dryer goes silent and she appears from the bathroom. She walks over to me.
Wrapping my legs around her, I pull her in close to me. She places her head on
shoulder and hugs me.

&nbsp;

�Are
you certain you want to completely surrender to me?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I am not doing the best of jobs managing my life.�

&nbsp;

�That
is not the point.�

&nbsp;

�You
do have my best interests at heart. This I know.�

&nbsp;

�Always.�

&nbsp;

�I
don�t trust myself. But, I do trust you.�

&nbsp;

�I
will not let you down.�

&nbsp;

I
pull her back by the ponytail and look her in the eyes. She wipes away her
tears.

&nbsp;

Forcefully
I take her by her torso, position her across my lap. With my leg over her
thighs and my left hand on the back of her neck, I hold her down. Her instincts
take over and she begins to resist. My cock hardens with her struggles and I
deliver a violent strike on her ass.

&nbsp;

With
this strike, the struggle fades from her and she begins to cry. I deliver nine
more hard strikes. Her ass is crimson in color and hot to the touch. I slide my
hand between her legs; her pussy is wet and I slide my fingers deep inside her.
Her tears are punctuated with moans.

&nbsp;

�Sweetheart,
get on your knees.�

&nbsp;

Withdrawing
my fingers and releasing her from my grasp, I allow her to get on her knees. I
don�t have to tell her where to position herself; �on your knees� can only mean
one thing.

&nbsp;

She
looks up at me from between my legs.

&nbsp;

�Hands
behind your back.�

&nbsp;

She
complies.

&nbsp;

Pulling
my cock from my briefs, her mouth opens as if a baby bird hungry for a rather
veiny purple worm.�� She moves forward
for my cock. I grab her by the ponytail and tease her.

&nbsp;

�Stick
out your tongue.�

&nbsp;

She
sticks her tongue out as far as she can and I touch the tip of it with my cock.
She struggles to get to my cock.

&nbsp;

�Want
my cock?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I want your cock, your cum. I want all you have for me.�

&nbsp;

I
let go of her ponytail and my cock vanishes into her mouth. She fucks me with
her mouth and throat and I can feel her struggle as it reaches the depth of
her.

&nbsp;

I
grab her by the hair and pull her off of my cock. She struggles to keep her
mouth on me. 

&nbsp;

�Please.
I want your cock.�

&nbsp;

�No.
Put your hands in front of you.�

&nbsp;

She
complies. 

&nbsp;

With
the rope, I secure her wrists together. 

&nbsp;

�Come
on, get up.� As I stand up.

&nbsp;

She
stands and I pull her by the rope. I position her in front of the right bedpost
at the foot of the bed. I toss the rope over the lintel that spans the
bedposts. With the rope I pull her arms above her head to the point where she
is barely flat footed on the floor.

&nbsp;

Standing
in front of her, I squeeze her breast as I look into her eyes. She is so
beautiful. As I kiss her, her tongue licks the inside of my mouth. I begin
rolling her nipple in my fingers as she presses her hips into me. The sensual
rolling slowly becomes a light pinch and then a hard pinch. She struggles to
take the pinch. I pull away from our kiss.

&nbsp;

�You
are not going to yelp are you?� I ask as the pinch turns to twist. 

&nbsp;

She
lunges for me and kisses me even harder. I let go of her nipple. Her breathing
is deep and steady as she processes the sensation.

&nbsp;

Seizing
her by the throat, I slide my hand between her legs, insert my fingers inside
her and lift her onto her toes. 

&nbsp;

�You
have become my favorite toy.�

&nbsp;

I
retrieve the ring gag from the bed.

&nbsp;

�Please,
I don�t want the gag.�

&nbsp;

�You
said there was nothing you wouldn�t do.�

&nbsp;

She
struggles as I place the gag on her and secure it around her head.

&nbsp;

With
the gag in place, I retrieve the flogger from the bed. 

&nbsp;

�I
want you to step back as far as you can.�

&nbsp;

Stepping
back, her arms are stretched forward, making her back arch downward.

&nbsp;

Landing
soft easy strokes of the flogger on her ass, I let them slide gentle down her
cheeks. After 10 or so strokes, I begin to land the strikes harder on her
cheeks. Three on one side, then three more on the other. The sound of the
tresses moving through the air is punctuated by the smacks on her ass and the
awkward moans from her gagged mouth. Slowly, the smacks turn to thuds. 

&nbsp;

With
the thuds, she braces herself for their arrival; again, three for the right
cheek and three for the left.

&nbsp;

�Step
forward a bit and place your feet about shoulder-width apart.�

&nbsp;

She
steps forward but fails to spread her feet. Placing a foot between hers, I grab
her by the hair and lean into her. 

&nbsp;

�I
said feet shoulder-width apart� and I kick her feet apart.

&nbsp;

I
step back and land a few hard blows on her ass. Taking the flogger, I twist the
tresses in order that they stay bunched up and I up-stroke the flogger between
her legs. The first strike catches her off-guard and she is startled.

�

I
quickly land another strike on her cunt. She moans with the strike. Then again
and again. Banging her cunt with the flogger over and over again, I begin to
notice that the ends of the tresses are slightly wet from her cunt.

&nbsp;

�Do
you want to come?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.�
Inelegantly drips from her mouth with her spit.

&nbsp;

�Not
yet. You have to earn it.�

&nbsp;

I
go to the bed and retrieve the cane, a typical rattan cane. I step in front of
her, pulling her back by the hair, I look into her eyes. They are somewhat
glassy and shiny and red from tears. I slide the cane along the inside of her
thigh and drag it up between her legs, playing her clit as if it is a violin
string and the cane a bow. Without hesitation, I land a strike, as hard as I
can, on the outer thigh.

&nbsp;

�FUCK!!�
as she tries to move away from me.

&nbsp;

Placing
my arm around her waist, I pull her in close and I kiss and bite her neck and I
can feel her hips pressing into me. Sliding the cane along her thighs and ass,
she jerks in anticipation, as I lift the cane from her skin.

&nbsp;

�I
want you to back up with your legs shoulder-width apart.�

&nbsp;

She
begins to back up.

&nbsp;

�Farther
back.�

&nbsp;

Her
arms are starting to strain as she backs up. She spreads her legs. 

&nbsp;

�Wider!�

&nbsp;

She
struggles. I help her along with a smack on the inner thigh. Her legs are now
spread.

&nbsp;

I
retrieve the bag of clothespins, the butt plug, lube and the vibrator. I plug
in the vibrator and kneel behind her. Turning on the vibrator, I place it just
barely on her lips and slowly move up towards her clit. With it on high, I
press it into her clit. She grinds into it in response. She struggles to
maintain contact with the vibrator as I move away. Picking up the butt plug, I
place an ample amount of lube on it and more on her asshole and slowly work it
into her. Watching her asshole dilate to accept the plug is a nice visual and
then it pops in.

&nbsp;

I
slide my fingers into her pussy. With only the thin wall of flesh between the
plug and my fingers, her pussy is even tighter. She begins to moan as I apply
pressure to her g-spot. I place the vibrator back onto her clit. 

&nbsp;

�I
am going to come.�

&nbsp;

�Don�t�

&nbsp;

I
turn off the vibrator and remove my fingers. From the bag, I remove seven
clothespins. I begin placing them on her cunt. Grabbing her right outer lip, I
pull it taut and place two clothespins. I slide my fingers into her again to
rub her g-spot. She moans. Pulling my fingers from her, I place two more
clothespins on her left outer lip. She breathes deep. On each of her inner
lips, I place a clothespin. There is much more sensation with these and her
breathing quickens.

&nbsp;

�Slow
your breathing. Breath deeper. Do you want me to remove them?�

&nbsp;

�No.�

&nbsp;

Positioning
myself in front of her, with the last clothespin I stretch the spring out a bit
so that it does not bite as much and place it on her clit.

&nbsp;

�Fuuuck.�
She cries.

&nbsp;

Switching
on the vibrator, I slowly place it on the clothespins. The vibration causes the
clothespins to bounce and dance around. I grab the base of the butt plug,
tugging and pushing it, as I vibrate the clip on her clit.

&nbsp;

�I
need to come. I am going to come.�

&nbsp;

�Not
yet.�

&nbsp;

I
stand and pick up the cane.

&nbsp;

�This
is the last smacking on your ass for this evening. Just five more strikes of
the cane. You count them out.�

&nbsp;

Standing
behind her, I strike her ass hard. She arches her body away from each strike
and the clothespins can be heard rattling together.

&nbsp;

�One.�


&nbsp;

The
strike has resulted in a prominent red line across both checks. Again I strike
her, harder than before.

&nbsp;

�Two.�

&nbsp;

Strike!
Each strike harder then the previous.

&nbsp;

�Three.�

&nbsp;

Strike!
Her ass looks as if it has been grilled.

&nbsp;

�Four.�
She grunts to keep the pain at bay.

&nbsp;

Strike!!
The last strike is the hardest.

&nbsp;

�Five�
She screams and writhes with the pain.

&nbsp;

Quickly,
I pick up the vibrator, applying it to her mons pubis. With the vibrator
adjacent to her clit, she quickly approaches coming.

&nbsp;

�I
need to come.�

&nbsp;

�You
can come.�

&nbsp;

I
pull the clothespin from her clit and quickly press the vibrator into her clit.
Her body jerks with pain and pleasure.

&nbsp;

�Fuuck
that hurts. I am coming.�

&nbsp;

As
she is coming, I remove the rest of the clothespins. With the removal of each
one, she squeaks in pain and grinds into the head of the vibrator.

&nbsp;

I
slide my fingers into her pussy; she is convulsing with her orgasm. 

&nbsp;

�Too
sensitive�my clit.�

&nbsp;

I
lighten the pressure on her clit. However, I continue to fuck her hard with two
fingers in her tight cunt. I feel the plug in her ass. 

&nbsp;

�Shit!
I am going to come again.�

&nbsp;

�Good.�

&nbsp;

I
ram a third finger into her pussy and she begins to come again. I fuck her
harder as her pussy tightens around my fingers. I switch off the vibrator and
lay it in the floor. However, I still continue fucking her cunt. Fingers were
meant to be shoved in pussy.

&nbsp;

Withdrawing
from her pussy, I stand. I remove the ring gag from her and wipe the drool form
her lips and chin. She is well used. Untying the rope, I take care that she
doesn�t collapse. I take her by the waist as her arms are lowered. 

&nbsp;

Untying
the ropes, she looks at me in a way I have never seen. As I remove the ropes
from her wrist, she throws her arms around me and hugs me tight.

&nbsp;

�I
want you to fuck me. I want you to come in me.�

&nbsp;

�Get
on your belly.�

&nbsp;

She
climbs onto the bed, lies on her belly and places her head on the pillow. I
straddle her legs and she rolls her hips downward, which causes her ass to rise
in the air. She loves getting fucked with her legs together. Her pussy is still
very wet and as I press the head of my cock into her; she pushes back to meet
me. Thrusting my cock deep into her, I grab her hair and pull her head up off
the pillow. With the plug in her ass, her cunt is tight even after fucking her
with my fingers. I look down at her ass as I thrust. It is bruised, red,
striped and abraded. I slap it hard and she smiles. 

&nbsp;

�I
am going to come, fuck.�

&nbsp;

As
she rises to meet my cock, I come, shooting my load deep into her pussy. With a
few more strokes my orgasm begins to fade. It feels wonderful for so many
reasons. With my cock still in her, I collapse forward and rest my chin on her
shoulder. Pulling back her hair, I kiss her cheek.

&nbsp;

�This
is a new beginning. Now that you have let me in, there is more for you to learn
and experience. All you need to do is to trust me.�

&nbsp;

She
smiles with my words as we lie there, enjoying the warm and comfort of each
other.

&nbsp;

�I
now understand.�

&nbsp;

I
withdraw from her and remove the plug. I pull back the blankets and she climbs
under the covers and I join her. With her back to me, I put my hand across her
breast and pull her close to spoon her and she pushes her ass into my cock.

&nbsp;

�It
is almost 2:00, can we sleep in and play hooky tomorrow?� she asks.

&nbsp;

�No.
I am going to work and you are going to school.�

&nbsp;

�Ok.�

&nbsp;

�And
someone needs to clean up all these toys in the morning. I am setting the alarm
for 7:00 am.�

&nbsp;

�Ok.�

&nbsp;

Thursday
11:03 AM

&nbsp;

Sitting
in my office I receive a text message. It is from her.

&nbsp;

�Btwn
class hard 2 sit�

&nbsp;

�Y?�

&nbsp;

�Butt
hurts. If i think about it i get wet�

&nbsp;

�J�

&nbsp;

Prior
to meeting her, if anyone had told me that this woman would be in my life, I
would have not believed them. Nevertheless, that moment I saw her smile, I knew
I was lost. She will never know the power that she holds over me. 

&nbsp;

She
is the daughter I will never have and the woman I have always wanted. I can�t
imagine my life, no, the world, without her.

&nbsp;

�I�ll
b home at 530. What do u want 4 dinner?�

&nbsp;

�You!�








Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SFCityDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





