BDSM Library - Zippers




Zippers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  A dowdy, depressed young secretary, in desperation, seeks help with her non\'existant love-life. She is transformed beyond her dreams and for a while nothing could be better but this is not to last as she finds herself being steered in more degrading, \'commercial\' directions.







I have been instructed to write this as my case study, for permanent
documentation of what has happened to me and to act as a 


 
  Andrew
   jim
  2
  340
  2006-09-22T15:04:00Z
  2006-09-22T15:04:00Z
  1
  1563
  8911
  74
  20
  10454
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








I have been
instructed to write this as my case study for the files, for permanent
documentation of what has happened to me and to act as a CV for any future
�employers�

&nbsp;

My name is
Anita and always has been. Some of the other girls had their names changed, but
they liked mine so I�ve kept it. Looking back 9 months �Anita� was a very
different person. I was living an existence. I lived in the same town I�d grown
up in; I never knew my father and my mother had died when I was 19, leaving
everything to me. We had not been wealthy but I did have a small flat to my
name and could support myself by working as a secretary.� I had a few friends but an unexciting life. I
never met anyone new and didn�t go out much. I�d had a couple of bad
experiences with men in my late teenage years and since my mother had died I�d
not dated anyone. I was actually uncomfortable around men, as if they were
another species that I couldn�t relate to. I�m not beautiful so it was easy for
me to escape attention and get on with my work. It was when I was 24, 9 months back
that I got home one day and had a nervous breakdown.

&nbsp;

I felt like
my life was meaningless, here I was, apparently in the prime of my life coming
home and going to bed at 9 O�clock with a mug of hot chocolate. I dressed in the
same clothes I�d worn for years, a brown suit and flat shoes for work. No
make-up. I felt like there was no way anyone would find me attractive. I would
dream of meeting a man who would treat me like a sex goddess, who would be
consumed by passion and fuck me wherever he could. I imagined that I was glamorous
and irresistible and then I would open my eyes again and realise that I wasn�t.

&nbsp;

That
evening I had vowed that I couldn�t go on like that. That I had to change
something; that I had to see someone and ask for help. I didn�t want to waste
my life. I also felt though that I was a hopeless cause and that it would take
a miracle to undo what I�d turned into. My friends seemed quite happy to be
single and didn�t seem interested in men at all, so I didn�t think that they�d
be much help. I was unsure about how to start anything and it was blind fate
that had brought me to the personal ads in the evening paper. 

&nbsp;

�You.� Yes, YOU can become a sex goddess. Treat
yourself to a personality makeover and start living now!� - Dr Vivienne Black,
sex therapist, confidence coach and expert in seduction; welcomes �lost
causes!' First consultation half price!

&nbsp;

It was like
the paper was speaking to me, I was actually shaking as I copied the number
into my diary. I had gone to bed feeling weepy but at last I had some hope.

&nbsp;

�How about
after work then? �, the lady on the phone was lovely, very gentle and easy to
talk to. My heart was pounding as I made my first appointment for that day with
Dr Black herself. She had been warm and accommodating and had said that if I
came to her clinic I could start my first session at 6.30.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I�d
finished all my work on time, said goodbye to my boss and nervously plotted a
route to where her clinic was. It was actually a bit out of the way and on the
front of an industrial estate with nothing to draw attention to itself, but it
looked clean and tidy. I�d had to check if it was the right address but then
saw a small plaque on the front door which confirmed everything.

&nbsp;

I parked up
and knocked on the door. After only a few seconds I was greeted by the smiling
face of Dr Black, or Vivienne as she had introduced herself. She had
enthusiastically taken my hand and had a real presence about her. She looked
stunning, not that she was extraordinarily beautiful but that she was
beautifully dressed. She wore a well tailored black trouser suit with expensive
looking high-heeled boots. A flowing mass of straight black hair was combed to
perfection, lifted into a ponytail and held there with a large burgundy flower,
swaying down to the small of her back. I had been quite captivated by her even
then and remember thinking that if I could be anything like as attractive then
I would be more than happy.

&nbsp;

First off,
she�d taken my coat and led me through to the consulting room. It looked much
more like a very expensive executive office though, plush leather chairs,
proper artwork marble flooring and stunning rugs. She stood in front of me,
holding the back of one of the chairs.

&nbsp;

�Come here
and sit down.� She had smiled.

&nbsp;

No sooner
had I sat than she was handing me a metal cup with a warm drink inside.

&nbsp;

�This tea
will help you to relax a little as we talk�, she had said.

&nbsp;

�Let me
tell you a little about what I do and then you can tell me what you want to get
out of this. My background is in psychology and neurosciences and my technique
will involve helping to change the way you think about certain aspects of
yourself, things that need to change so that you can move forward. Today I need
you to tell me about yourself and what you want to achieve. Now while you�re
doing this I need to monitor some of your body�s responses, just your heart and
skin with some sticky pads, just like when you go to hospital, it�s all
perfectly routine�

&nbsp;

She had
then sat in her own chair and listened as I told her about my life. She�d
soothed me when I started crying and told her how unattractive I felt and how I
wanted to be a confident woman who men would find attractive.

&nbsp;

She�d all
the while been asking me questions, what clothes would make me feel confident,
beautiful, and sexy and what would make me feel dowdy; to which I had given a
weak laugh and said my whole wardrobe. Then she asked me a lot of other
questions that she said were to help �map out my personality� a little. She
asked me to imagine that I was someone else and to tell her how it felt. She
had started off with a film star but had gone on to ask much more embarrassing
things; she wanted me to imagine that I was the office flirt, then the office
slut, then I was a lap dancer with men ogling me while I writhed in front of
them for their pleasure! I was surprised to hear myself say that I would be
excited to have that attention, very excited. Dr. Black had such a kindly way
about her that I felt I could be completely honest with her. I had blushed
heavily but felt aroused nonetheless at the thought.

&nbsp;

�That�s
excellent, Anita�, she had said after a while, �I want you to relax for a
moment while I go next door�

&nbsp;

I had
relaxed back in the chair feeling free of worries. Dr Black had closed the door
in to the next room but I could hear her talking, obviously just taking a quick
phone call. After a few moments she had returned.

&nbsp;

�Everything�s
going really well. Now what I need you to do is come next door. Before you do I
want you to stay beautifully relaxed, just listening to my voice still and then
just gently stand yourself up. Excellent. Now slowly come through here�

&nbsp;

I was in a
lovely trance, I had felt warm and secure as I walked next door.

&nbsp;

�Lie down
on the bed over there and relax�

&nbsp;

I did so.

&nbsp;

�Now Anita,
this next stage is so I can find out a little more about you. I�m going to use
a scanner to look at what happens to your brain as we talk, OK?�

&nbsp;

I had
nodded.

&nbsp;

�Close your
eyes and relax into to moulded pillow�

&nbsp;

I let my
head drop into the soft casing. There were holes for the ears so I could still
hear perfectly.

&nbsp;

�Well done,
now I�m going to put a little strap around your head so it stays still in the
scanner, OK?�

&nbsp;

�Fine�, I
replied.

&nbsp;

I felt a
firm rubber strap over my forehead holding my head comfortably but firmly in
place.

&nbsp;

�Now close
your eyes. We�re going backwards now, nothing to be alarmed about�, she said as
the bed gently slid backwards a little.

&nbsp;

�That�s
good, now just relax and get comfy Anita�

&nbsp;

She had
started to ask me to imagine the same things again. This time she was sat at
the bedside, close to me. I could hear her adjusting a few controls and using a
computer mouse from time to time.

&nbsp;

She asked
me about work, people I trusted, my boss, what would happen if he asked me to bring
him coffee, to stay behind and work late, to come into his office and strip. I
answered honestly and was surprisingly not shocked by her questions, such was
her manner. I felt utterly comfortable confiding in her my most personal
secrets. Obviously the barriers had gone up at the last request, I would not
strip for my boss but I told her this matter-of-factly without any rebuke for
her asking me such intimate things.

&nbsp;

I can�t
remember how long I had stayed on that bed being probed to the depths of my
core by Dr. Black. She had asked me in detail about my sexual fantasies; which
were along the lines of being found irresistible by some tall dark stranger at
a grand summer ball to the point where he could resist me no more and had to
take me, which he did over the desk in the study. She had plumbed my feelings
on oral and anal sex at this time too. I felt quite excited about taking him in
my mouth, but was scared of anal penetration.

&nbsp;

She then
had asked a number of bizarre things about how I would react if a series of
increasingly unpleasant or unreasonable things were asked of me. That�s all I
could remember afterwards anyway.

&nbsp;

The next
thing I remember was hearing,

&nbsp;

�Open your
eyes, Anita�

&nbsp;

I looked up
to see the reassuring smile of Dr. Vivienne Black. She was offering me her had
so I could get up from the bed. We had walked together back into the office
next door and she had poured me some juice.

&nbsp;

�I can
really help you with your problems, Anita. What I think will work best for you
will be a regular set of sessions where we set goals and try some new behaviour
for you. I have to say that this will be no less than ten sessions and requires
up-front commitment and payment. Listen to what I have to say before you say
anything though.�

&nbsp;

I was
unnerved but excited as I listened.

&nbsp;

�The first
thing we need to do is to get you feeling great about yourself and build up
some confidence. I propose we do this by firstly getting you a complete
makeover. New hair, make-up, clothes, shoes, the works! Again this will require
some outlay on your part�

&nbsp;

�That is no
problem,� I had said, I was now for the first time feeling that things might
start to turn around with the help of this lady, �I have enough money set aside
for all of this. I can�t think of anything more worthwhile to spend it on.�

&nbsp;

�That�s
fantastic, Anita. We need to do this soon and at the same time I will work on
your behaviours so you not only look but feel like a confident, beautiful, sexy
woman. Are you free this weekend?�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 2

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-09-29T15:47:00Z
  2006-09-29T15:47:00Z
  1
  2125
  12118
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  100
  28
  14215
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 2

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

And so it was that on Monday morning I
had stepped into the office a new woman. People in the office noticed
immediately. Everything that could possibly be different was.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The weekend had been packed full of
activity. It had started, early, with a morning session at Vivienne's office.
I'd pulled out my cheque book at the start and signed away a small fortune, but
I didn't care. It was only money. I'd rather be happy. 

&nbsp;

We had then started the session proper. 

&nbsp;

It was amazing that two full hours had
passed, by the clock, but she had made me so relaxed, so quickly, that the time
had gone in a flash. I had awoken feeling refreshed and excited.

&nbsp;

She had told me that to start with we
were going to work on how I held myself and that was the task to work at while
we were out and about. I had listened intently as she told me the first of her
'secrets' to confident behaviour. She only wanted me to do three things today,
easy things she said but, 'Oh so important�; Firstly, and most importantly, to
smile a lot; at people, entering a room, when I feel uncomfortable; in fact
most of the time. She had asked me to smile for her and had adjusted it so it
looked right. Then she made me practice it and said she would remind me by
saying, 'smile' throughout the day. 

&nbsp;

The other two things were posture and how
to walk well. She said that as I was going to be stunning and probably a
constant wearer of high heels, our first job was to get me a pair to learn in
right away. I had felt nervous but again excited by this. I'd only ever worn
high heels once, at a birthday party when I was 17. I'd found them difficult
and had not persevered with them; they had looked more trouble than they were
worth. I did like the look of other women in them though, if they could walk in
them. I usually wore very practical but desperately unglamorous flat shoes.

&nbsp;

It wasn't long before I had stepped out
in a pair of new, black leather, high, stiletto heeled boots. Without anything
else I had immediately started to feel glamorous. Vivienne had taken my arm and
talked me through the 'correct' way to walk in them. She had taken me up and
down a quiet side street while she improved my posture and got me balancing
properly on the high heels. She was such an amazing teacher and had such a
fantastic way of putting things. I had walked the rest of the day with my head
high, like I had spent years in high heels. I felt so good that she had rarely
to remind me to smile.

&nbsp;

We did the rounds that afternoon. I had
to go back to the car halfway through because we'd bought so much; two
stunningly cut fitted suits that I'd never have picked myself; trousers and
tops for evening wear; two pairs of attention-grabbing gorgeous heels for work
that I would never have dreamed of wearing; a pair of fluffy high heeled mules
to practice in around the house ( I'd found that so funny, Vivienne was pleased
I was enjoying myself ) ;earrings; underwear; two bags; a coat; the list went
on! I didn�t care how much of my savings were being used up. I'd smiled at
everyone that day and gone home a happy woman. I'd immediately thrown my old
things in a pile to make room for my new clothes. Vivienne had left me in town,
elegantly kissing me goodbye. She had arranged to pick me up the following
morning and take me for 'a day of sumptuous pampering'. I'd sat in the bath
that night with a glass of chilled white wine in my hand and a beaming grin on
my face.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The following day I'd got up early and
dressed in my new clothes at a leisurely pace; new trousers, pink-brown top,
coat and boots.� I was chauffeured by
Vivienne to a beautician's. Her name was Trisha and she was stunning. Tall;
slim; black skin, the colour

of milky coffee; lush, full, glossy lips;
lustrous, frizzy, blond streaked hair, knotted up in a way so elaborate only a
professional would be able to do. I had felt over-awed by her beauty. She
clearly knew Vivienne well as they both shared a hug and kiss before Vivienne
introduced me. Trisha had smiled and looked at my face, then stepped back to
regard me.

&nbsp;

'You've got some natural beauty for me to
work with all right; and really quite a magnificent figure', she had smiled
mischievously and exchanged looks with Vivienne, �come inside and we'll get
started.'

&nbsp;

We were the only ones in the shop but it
was small and looked incredibly exclusive. I had bet it must cost a fortune to
get anything at all done there. There were no prices up anywhere. 

&nbsp;

'I'm glad I paid up front', I had joked
to myself. 

&nbsp;

Then I wondered if I had.

&nbsp;

'Come this way Anita', Trisha had said.

&nbsp;

She was dressed in a smart beige
beautician's uniform; practical for getting hair and oil spills on but well
fitting and very fashionably designed. She wore simple but perfect make-up and
a pair of smart but comfortable looking beige sandals. She carried herself with
the same confident elegance that Vivienne had but had more swing to her
slightly wider hips.� I had followed her
down a light, wood-floored corridor to a small changing room with a half door
at modesty height. She had brought me a white silk robe and slippers, which she
passed in, and told me to change. She said to take everything off as she was
going to make my whole body beautiful. She said that Vivienne was leaving us
but had said to have a great day and to let her take good care of me.

&nbsp;

'So, Anita, have you had beauty
treatments before?� she asked as I belted the silk robe around my naked body
and dropped my panties onto the floor.

&nbsp;

'No. Never', I replied.

&nbsp;

There then followed an amazed set of
questions along the lines of, �What, you've never had your nails done?!� through
to, 'Not even a facial?!� 

&nbsp;

All of it was said with a pleasant
jocularity that made me warm to her straight away.

&nbsp;

'Well. You're in for a hell of a day
girl!'

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Over the next four and a half hours I was
transformed into a woman.

&nbsp;

She had started with a full body massage
to get me relaxed. She asked me questions the whole way through. She had a way,
like Vivienne, that made her very approachable and trustworthy. I had felt able
to be totally honest and confide in her. We had chatted for a while until the
massage just got too good and I zoned out.

&nbsp;

I came to lying on my back with Trisha,
back towards me, handling some things on a table next to me.

&nbsp;

'Now, I'm afraid, I'm going to have to
torture you'

&nbsp;

I looked up as she turned around.

&nbsp;

'Wax time!� she smiled.

&nbsp;

I must have looked a picture!

&nbsp;

She was a real expert though. Waxed me
everywhere. Took away hair I didn't know I had. Face, legs, bikini line,
everywhere was fair game. It really didn't hurt much either. She trimmed my
pubic hair from a spidery bush to an elegant, feminine strip.

&nbsp;

After that she treated my skin with
scented oils and creams, which she worked in while I gently melted.

&nbsp;

Then she pedicured me and manicured my
hands.

&nbsp;

'Ok, now the difficult subject of nail
colour', she had said, 'I'm going to put some false nails on your hands so we
will have to paint them'

&nbsp;

I trusted her. I never wore nail varnish,
partly because it seemed like too much trouble, but mainly because most
examples I'd seen looked pretty tacky or tarty. I particularly hated women with
really long nails, they reminded me of whores. Long pink or red nails,
horrible! I remember we both had a good laugh about that. 

&nbsp;

She showed me a wooden display book with
lots of sample colours painted onto little stones. I had looked at them for a
while unable to make up my mind. Then I realised what I thought might work.

&nbsp;

'Don't tell me', she had said looking
into my eyes before I could open my mouth, 'I�ll bet you really would like a
French manicure, yes?'

&nbsp;

'Yes', I exclaimed, genuinely amazed,
'that's incredible, how did you knew that?'

&nbsp;

She had smiled

&nbsp;

'I know what works.� she had
purred, 'I know what works for you too, Anita'

&nbsp;

Apparently she did.

&nbsp;

She finished my nails, making sure they
were just long enough so I could still type easily. Then she gave me the
facial.

&nbsp;

'I've got a hair colour for you too
sweetie. Now see how you like this'

&nbsp;

'It's beautiful', I had said, 'It's so
perfectly beautiful. Do you think it would look OK on me?'

&nbsp;

'Only one way to find out'

&nbsp;

She dyed my bush of thick light brown
hair a deep red, orange. It was gorgeous but it did scream for attention. I was
slightly worried at first but then I fell in love with it. She had cut my thick
bush into something that was just so 'me' but I would never have found it;
lively, a little chaotic, beautifully shaped, longer at the back than the front
but fashionably so. She talked me through how to do it myself, it was very
little trouble. It framed my face perfectly, which she then taught me how to
make-up. As I finished off with a thick velvety lipstick I couldn�t have
believed I would ever look this good.

&nbsp;

'Ok now go back to the dressing room and
change'

&nbsp;

When I emerged she kissed me and told me
I looked absolutely beautiful. I had blushed and thanked her. She told me that
she would have ordered me a cab but thought that maybe I should take a walk a
bit further up the road, into town, to get a cab there. To show myself off a
bit she had said with a wink. I had teetered out on cloud nine.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Monday morning, the minute I walked into the
office, heads turned. I loved it. I loved the attention and found that all
kinds of people were treating me differently. The doorman had almost
'double-taked', he eyed me down from immaculate hair and face, through my
nipped-in fitted suit, all the way down my black nylon covered legs to my high
black leather stiletto-pumps. I had smiled to myself and carried on my proper
walk. I know he checked out my ass for a good time without having looked.

&nbsp;

I stood in the lift with a guy who worked
upstairs. He'd never noticed me before but I could see him checking me out in
the door reflection. I smiled at him, then the door opened for my floor and I
left.

&nbsp;

I work in a multi-story office block. Our
company, a legal firm, is on the tenth floor and takes up half of that. I'm the
personal secretary for one of the partners and handle the work for one other
junior lawyer usually. That's enough to keep me pretty busy and I am a good
secretary. There's a central area with the lawyers� doors coming off where I
work with 3 other secretaries. All the offices had frosted-glass doors and
windows opening onto our area. It was a very professional set up as all the
clients were seen there. I had often felt that I was the thing that let it down
the most and was glad my desk was to one side.

&nbsp;

The girls I share a room with couldn't
believe it! They showered me with complements and started asking where I got my
things from and where I got my hair done. I was cagey about it as I didn't want
to let on that I was seeing a therapist and after naming a few shops turned the
conversation round to something else. When we went out to get lunch I felt like
there was more of a buzz about the group of us and everyone had seemed more
excited.

&nbsp;

My boss had come in late and had
immediately gone in to talk to one of the other partners. When he came out he
came over to me to ask me into his office, this is what we did every day and I
would go through his diary with him. He immediately paid me a complement as he
saw me at the desk, sincerely saying I looked lovely today. Then he told me to
come in. He held the door for me as always and I sidled past him and stood at
my usual spot. He sat down and we started going through meetings and cases as
normal. He was definitely different with me though. I saw him eyeing up my legs
several times.

&nbsp;

He was not attractive physically but was
very confident, decisive and could be quite commanding. He was always very
specific with what he wanted me to do and I liked that. He was also the most
powerful man in the company, the other partners generally deferred to his
judgement. I had once woken up very flustered after a dream where he had taken
me into his office, bent me over his desk and fucked me until he came. Then he
had sent me away unsatisfied and frustrated to finish my typing. I recalled
that dream while I was standing there and blushed, Vivienne had me smiling at
him though!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

That night I had another session. I
recounted every detail to Vivienne. The final detail was the one that had made
the day for me. As I had stepped into the lift to go downstairs I had realised
that the same guy from upstairs was in it. I'd smiled at him and stepped in. He
had wasted no time telling me that I looked beautiful and would I like to meet
up for a drink some time? I have never been asked out by a stranger before (!)
but strangely handled it very well. He introduced himself as David, I gave him
my name and number and said to call me. Then I walked out before him feeling a
bit like a temptress as I walked, knowing I would have his full attention on
me.

&nbsp;

'That's fantastic, Anita', Vivienne said,
'I'm so happy for you. And you know this is just the beginning too. We�ll cover
what you�ll need to handle a date soon as well!'

&nbsp;

'Ok, let's start the session'

&nbsp;

I remember envisaging some scenarios but
the details were very blurry. I can remember one starting with approaching a
man I found attractive but I couldn�t remember what happened next. I remember
feeling very, very sexy though; and still felt sexy when I came to at the end.

&nbsp;

'I have to say that things are going
extremely well, Anita. You're almost a model subject and I can practically
guarantee a good outcome with you'

&nbsp;

I smiled happily

&nbsp;

'Next session will be in three days, on
Thursday. Homework is to find a fitness activity you can do as I think we
should get a few pounds off you. You aren't fat honey, don't worry, this is
about getting you to your absolute best; so absolutely no junk food or
chocolate until we�re happy about this. Secondly I want you to masturbate every
night now for a while. We need to develop and explore your sexuality now you're
getting to be in a position to need it.'

&nbsp;

I blushed from head to toe, �Yes,
Vivienne.�

&nbsp;

'I have a little present here that I
think you will learn to like a lot. Use it when you get home and then every
night'

&nbsp;

I felt a little naughty as I took an
expensive looking, little black bag from her. Something was wrapped up inside
it. 

&nbsp;

'Now off you go'

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














The next day a strange thing happened



 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-10-13T14:16:00Z
  2006-10-13T14:16:00Z
  1
  1763
  10054
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  83
  23
  11794
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART
3

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The next day a strange thing happened.

&nbsp;

I had got up early for work, had an
unhurried breakfast, went through my beauty routine and got dressed. I had
washed and stowed away my shiny new vibrator all the time thinking, 'what have
I been doing all these years!� 

&nbsp;

Then I'd got the bus to work.

&nbsp;

I'd got into work again and just put my
bag down when I saw a letter in my in-tray. I had opened it and it said that my
application for annual leave had been approved. I was puzzled; I had not made
an application. I looked at the dates and it was for three and a half weeks
leave from next Wednesday. There must obviously have been some mistake I had
thought. Never mind, I would sort it out. 

&nbsp;

The rest of the day passed without
incident. I say that because the way I was treated and looked at now, was the
norm. I felt like a proper woman now, a lady, people were more polite and
deferential to me and I felt attractive and desirable. It made me feel great
but was no longer a notable event or rarity; rather it was me, full time!

&nbsp;

I had dropped by the gym opposite on the
way back from my lunch break with Melanie, one of the girls I worked with. Very
aware of my instructions from Vivienne I had a small, healthy salad for my
lunch with plenty of water, a careful eye remaining on my figure.

&nbsp;

Melanie was brassy and generally told it
how it was. She was not especially bright but she had 'lived' and brimmed with
the confidence of someone who had been through it all. She made me laugh in the
office, usually with jokes about sex, usually crude ones at that. She was in
her late thirties, a single mum who supported her three teenagers. She didn't
have that much money and she tended to dress sexily but cheaply for the office;
short black skirt; cheap plastic heels and three pairs of worn oval matching
gold earrings that increased in size towards the front pair. She also wore too
much makeup. The other girls could sometimes be a little snobby about her
behind her back, saying she looked so common (I did tend to agree about the
earrings), but I liked her. I knew where I stood with her and she had been so
encouraging to me since I had started to undergo my 'change'. She was, as it
happened, trying to give up smoking and was going to try to exercise her way
through the craving. So she was keen to stop by the gym with me. 

&nbsp;

We looked at their programme. I
immediately was drawn to one item, every Wednesday and Friday, 

&nbsp;

'Pole Dancing, beginner to intermediate
level'

&nbsp;

My hand went over my mouth as Melanie
immediately blurted out that that's what we should do and started to storm
inside. I wondered if I should take the plunge. It must have been about thirty
seconds before I slowly followed her inside, nervous but buzzing; and we
enrolled. My mind flashed back to pleasuring myself the night before, daringly
imagining myself an object of desire, a fabulous feathered showgirl, dancing on
the stage in a fabulous West End show. To do something like this for real, though, was totally
different. 

&nbsp;

I�m sure I was blushing when I signed my
name on the register. We could start right away, the following day that was, as
there were a couple of vacant poles in the class. 

&nbsp;

Melanie asked the receptionist about it.
She said that the class was actually taught by a professional but was attended
by regular gym users. Melanie had joked that she was glad it wasn't an
apprenticeship with a job to follow! 

&nbsp;

'That's what everyone says', the
receptionist had laughed politely.

&nbsp;

It was usually very popular, we were
lucky there was a single vacancy. She went herself in fact, and it was a lot
more difficult than it looked. She said that she'd only been going for a month
but was already much, much stronger and fitter. It was all strictly behind
closed doors and for women only; there was no chance of any men or outsiders
watching. That had made me feel relieved. She said that the instructor was
ludicrously good at it. She, herself, was very proud of the fact that she could
just about hold herself upside down and steady on the pole now and still
maintain some posture. It sounded very challenging and just what we needed to
get fit. She said all we needed to bring was something comfortable but not too
baggy to wear because the pole could rub on bare skin; and a pair of high
heels. I slightly balked at the idea when she mentioned that as it brought a
slutty look to my mind, an image I certainly wanted to avoid. She was very
matter-of-fact and said that it was intrinsic to the whole art and a necessary
part of �the dancer�s form�. She advised us that she actually wore boots so she
didn't have to worry about losing a shoe when she was hanging from the pole. It
sounded like good advice. I was glad we had talked to her. We thanked her and
said we'd see her there tomorrow.

&nbsp;

As we walked back to the office Melanie
had said, 'I can't believe you are making me do this. I didn�t know you were
such a little tart!'

&nbsp;

I had laughed a little defensively at her
joke. I was not accustomed to being called anything like that and it had, after
all, been her suggestion. 

&nbsp;

After work I nipped out and bought a
cheap pair of boots that I wouldn't mind getting sweaty in. I chose some with
laces for a good fit and because they looked similar to the type a dancer would
wear, albeit with higher heels. I felt pretty sexy in them right away and did a
couple of twirls in the shop to make sure I would be able to move well in them.
I picked up some gym clothes as well, some short leggings, a tight top and a
sports bra. I'd then gone home for an early night, tired but excited. I was a
good girl and did my homework.

&nbsp;

The following day Melanie and I had been
like giggling schoolgirls. We didn't tell the other two what we were planning.
They were a little more conservative. I actually felt ashamed at the thought of
them knowing, so it stayed our little secret. We were thick as thieves that
day. My boss even picked up on it and made a point of returning two letters to
me with spelling mistakes on. It was as if to reprimand me and tell me to
concentrate on my work; that he thought I should be above such girlish
immaturity. I had apologised and, riding the wave of girlishness, flattered my
eyelashes at him. He had snorted out a smile and left.

&nbsp;

That night we slipped off after work to
the gym. It was like stealing off for a cigarette at the end of the school
playground.

&nbsp;

Truly I'd been embarrassed as I walked
out of the changing room with Melanie, dressed for the first time as a keep-fit
pole dancer. We stood around uncomfortably for a few minutes until our
instructor, Lisa, arrived. She briefly welcomed us to the class, in something
of a hurry, and got us to introduce ourselves to the other eight women there.
She then wasted no time getting us to our poles and starting us with testing
yoga-like stretching exercises. That lasted for about half an hour, she
stressed flexibility and strength above everything else and made sure we were
all sweating, stretched and warm. Then we started with some moves, gently
walking round the pole to start with.

&nbsp;

After a while I was sucked along with it
and quite suddenly realised that I was strutting and swinging myself round the
pole like I was a proper erotic dancer; moving for the pleasure of an audience.
I blushed fully at this realisation but saw that I was not alone in my actions.
All the other girls were doing exactly the same and were thankfully oblivious
to me. Several, in fact, were really going for it; exaggerating the wiggle from
their hips as they sauntered sexily round their long brass poles. I couldn't
believe it and blushed again as I thought it looked a bit trashy but maybe
quite fun to do. I made an attempt to copy them. I liked to do things well, it
was all behind closed doors and I did, after all, want to do the whole thing
properly. 

&nbsp;

�Good movement, Anita�, I heard from my
Instructress. I hadn�t spotted her looking at me and almost died with
embarrassment as the others all looked up at me.

&nbsp;

Later, as we moved on, Lisa told us not
to do the more advanced moves and instead gave us some simpler exercises to
practice while the rest of the class continued difficult lessons that they had
already been working on. 

&nbsp;

She made us do press-ups, sit-ups and
jumping-jacks (in heels!). By the time she told us to go and get a shower I was
exhausted and every bone in my body ached. My arms could hardly move from what
they'd been put through. If anything was going to lose me a few pounds; that
was it for sure. At home I went straight to bed, initially struggling with the
idea of my homework, but soon settling into it. I had a massive orgasm and then
turned over to rest. It was half past nine! 

&nbsp;

I was just dozing off to sleep when the
phone rang. I considered not answering it but it so rarely rang that I picked
it up. It was the man from the lift! He sounded lively and really pleased that
I was in. He said he knew it was a little strange and not what he'd initially
intended but asked if I would like to accompany him to a party on a yacht that
Saturday night. He'd been invited last minute and thought it would be fantastic
if he could take me (yes ME!) as his date. It took my breath away. I thought
I'd be speechless but felt like I must have had the confidence of Vivienne when
the composed sounding,

&nbsp;

'Yes, I'd be delighted to', sprang from
my lips

&nbsp;

He arranged to pick me up at 7 sharp and
said that it was black tie and cocktail dress-code. He asked if that was 'ok'
and I replied that it was 'absolutely fine'; in spite of having no dress and no
idea what it would be like. I thought about phoning Vivienne straight away to
scream for help but thought better of it as it was late and I had a session
with her the next day anyway. I would just have to wait and sweat on it. I took
a few deep breaths and regained some composure. I was so excited, I hadn't been
asked out on a date like that, well, ever!

&nbsp;

The next night I had giddily come
straight out with it almost before saying hello to Vivienne. She had grinned
and said,

&nbsp;

'My! Someone's excited aren't they?!'

&nbsp;

I must have been wagging my tail like a
puppy asking her what I should do. I coyly paused and asked her if there was
any chance she could help me find something to wear. She had such good taste
and I knew if she was with me I would pick something that I would look and feel
incredible in.

&nbsp;

'We'll see', she had said teasingly and
then pressed me to start the session.

&nbsp;

Like the first time, I remember her
relaxing me and then getting me to walk next door and lie down in the
comfortable scanner. The memory was much less distinct than the first time and
after that I remembered nothing. I awoke back in her office. I felt very
different from previous sessions. I did not feel fantastic and refreshed. I
felt like I had just done the exercise class from the night before, but many
times, one after another. My body ached and the only pleasant feeling I had was
like an endorphin hit, the kind that followed heavy exercise. I had told myself
at the time that it must have been my muscles; only then starting to seize and
complain from the class the night before. It didn't trouble me that the pains
were in places that I had not been exercising, like my breasts and my sex, as
well as the rest of my body. However, before I could dwell on it Vivienne had
said,

&nbsp;

'Because it's such a special occasion I
think I can come into town with you on Saturday morning to help you pick
something out'

&nbsp;

I was so relieved, �Oh, thank you!� I had
said.

&nbsp;

'I have a couple of things to do there
myself in fact so it won't really be too much trouble. Maybe I should let you
buy me lunch and it's a deal', she smiled.

&nbsp;

'Oh I'd love to', I had swooned, feeling
at the time that it would be my privilege to do that.

&nbsp;

'Wonderful then, see you there, Sweetie.'

&nbsp;














PART 4

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-10-13T14:17:00Z
  2006-10-13T14:17:00Z
  1
  2105
  12001
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  100
  28
  14078
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART
4

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Saturday came and I met up in town with
Vivienne. I was aching from my second class the previous night and my feet were
sore from rubbing in my dancing boots. I had whined a little to Vivienne and
she had told me ruefully,

&nbsp;

'A lady never complains about her feet,
Anita. It is most unbecoming and very common. Your feet will toughen up soon,
don't worry; so stick with it but don�t complain'

&nbsp;

I had nodded like a scolded puppy. I was
wearing my high-heeled boots and they were aggravating the same spots with
every step. I had smiled said, 'Yes, Vivienne', and put on a brave face for the
rest of the day imagining the size of my blisters and quietly dreaming about a
foot bath. She had to sort out some business at an estate agent's and with her
lawyers to start with so I had to follow her for that; thankfully it passed
very quickly and without too much walking.

&nbsp;

She came through with the goods in the
end though, like I knew she would. She steered me towards a spectacular short,
black, strapless cocktail dress in a small designer boutique tucked away down a
side street. I almost cried when I put it on and saw myself; I looked like a
film star. It was the kind of thing I had never worn before. At three hundred
pounds I didn't think twice about not buying it, I owed it to myself to have
it. She even said she'd lend me some proper jewellery to make it work. She was
like the big sister I had never had, the perfect big sister who made everything
all right. She helped me pick out a pair of sexy dress-sandals to go with it
and then packed me off home to relax and get myself ready for my big date.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was later that night that I reached
what I now know to be my all time high. I will never feel like that again now
and I've lost count of the nights I've gone to sleep crying at that thought. It
pains me to have to recall how I felt then and how I can never feel like that
again.

&nbsp;

I had spent the afternoon readying
myself. I took a lovely, sensual bath with fragrant oils, followed by full skin
treatment with soft moisturizing lotions. I got my nails, hair and makeup
looking absolutely perfect. Put on suspenders and black stockings. Zipped up my
lovely new dress, almost shivering as the cool satin lining closed around my
body to sit firmly about my increasingly slender waist. I slid my richly
painted, stockinged toes into my strappy stilettos; my heels almost wobbling
high over the tiny points; and fastened the skinny straps snugly round my
ankles. A week ago and I would have quaked at the idea of having to walk in
them, but by that time I was confident and thought that I would be taking very
delicate, ladylike steps. Mercifully the straps avoided the key areas that had
been rubbing all day, although had they not I would have worn them without
complaint and suffered silently, as a lady.

&nbsp;

I then sat down at my dresser and took
the box that Vivienne had lent me. She had said that the contents were worth 'a
lot' of money and that I was to take exceptional care of them. I carefully
opened the box and looked inside. There was a pearl choker wrapped around a
purple velvet ring. I unfastened it and lifted it up, feeling the weight. It
was stunningly beautiful, it had three lines of well sized pearls all strung
together fastening with a clip at the back. At the front of the choker was a dazzling
piece of cut onyx, shiny and black, surrounded by an elaborate pattern of
diamonds set in gold. It felt like it was all real,
the highest quality, not an imitation, it must have been worth an absolute
fortune. I was transfixed. Slowly I clicked open the fastening and drew it up
to my neck, feeling excited as the cold inside fell against me, arousing me
slightly. I moved my hands around behind me, encircling my throat with the
pearls until I could slide the mating fastenings together and they clicked
home. It stayed comfortably halfway up my neck, around almost the narrowest
part. I took the matching earrings from the box and put them on too. Then I
looked at myself.

&nbsp;

I felt incredible. Elegant; sexy;
beautiful; I felt fantastic, like I could take on the world. I put on some
perfume and stood up and admired myself in the long mirror. I felt so
glamorous. I posed, like I was in a society magazine. I poured a glass of wine
and waited for my date to come. I felt beautiful and in control. I felt like I looked
a million dollars. I paced around a little to get used to the shoes and then
the doorbell rang. I put down my glass and answered it.

&nbsp;

I couldn't remember him being so handsome
and he looked fantastic in black tie. He was stunned with me and absolutely
showered me with complements about how amazing I looked. I was glowing as we
walked to the taxi together and rode to the yacht.

&nbsp;

The night was, well, spectacular. I can't
really describe it in any other way. I had the time of my life. I was paraded
around on the arm of a lovely man; I got so much attention and met so many
wonderful people. My boss of all people was there. He was very taken with me
and told me I looked, 'absolutely enchanting'. I had smiled, thanked him and
returned to my date. We danced and laughed. He walked me up onto the top deck
and in the moonlight he kissed me for the first time. I was truly happy and
felt very, very special. The whole night had passed in a wonderful blur until
he took me home and kissed me goodnight. I was quite willing to invite him in
as I didn't want the night to end but Vivienne had given me very clear
instructions on this.

&nbsp;

'There will be plenty of time for that
sort of thing', she had smiled very mischievously during one of the sessions.

&nbsp;

I had heeded this, said goodnight to him
and gone inside. I knew not to have sex on a first date anyway. I was damn glad
to have my homework to do that night as I melted into the bed reliving the
evening and climaxing at the thought of him taking me, still in my dress,
because he had to have me, I was too beautiful not to.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Before I knew it I was back at work on
Monday again. I told Melanie about my weekend and she was so happy for me. She
even said she knew the guy I was talking about and that she definitely
'wouldn't kick him out of bed!' I felt embarrassed but it was a complement from
her; that I had done well for myself. He actually rang me at my desk to say
that he'd really enjoyed the night. He asked me out on another date, something
quieter, this Thursday. I didn't hesitate to say 'Yes' at once.

&nbsp;

Melanie was struggling with her smoking
that afternoon so I tried my best to keep her spirits up. My boss told me again
how wonderful I had looked over the weekend and was clearly starting to look at
me like he wanted me now. Not explicitly, but his gaze lingered that bit
longer. I tried to avoid walking in front of him if I could, but it was
difficult when I went into his office because his desk faced the door.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The following day I left work to go to my
session with Vivienne. I arrived at her office at 7 and got buzzed in. I was
surprised to see a blonde girl sat behind the reception desk. She was a little
younger than me, about 21, very pretty and dressed in a smart black skirt and
white blouse. She looked up at me with a tired expression on her face.

&nbsp;

'Doctor Black says to wait here', she
said and then continued to stare blankly at the wall.

&nbsp;

I felt a little strange as her manner was
a little unnatural. There was silence save for the very faint sounds of a
conversation next door, it was a little creepy as the reception area had a
bleak feel to it and there were no magazines to read. There was just a pile of
cards offering the services of Dr. Vivienne Black followed by a long list of
conditions that she was adept in treating. I was just reading past 'sexual
problems' when the intercom sounded, 

&nbsp;

'Send her in'

&nbsp;

The girl just looked up at me, I had
heard myself. I didn't think she was a very good receptionist and would tell
Vivienne what I though about her. I was now a confident assertive woman who
deserved to be treated with dignity and respect.

&nbsp;

Vivienne had just finished on the phone.
I strode in, the metal from my heels clicking loudly on the marble floor. The
room was dark with the curtains closed. I was happy to see my big sister and
was now bursting to tell her about my big date. I'll never forget how she
looked at me. There was no smile there. She looked straight into me with empty,
black, shark-like yes and said,

&nbsp;

'Stand there', she pointed to a spot
about a metre in front of the centre of her desk. Her tone was emotionless. I
didn't know what to do so I stood there.

&nbsp;

'Stand up straight, head high, suck in
your stomach', I did so,' and push out your breasts'

&nbsp;

I obeyed. I didn't know what was
happening.

&nbsp;

Then she smiled and a hideous look
started to take hold on her face,

&nbsp;

'Freeze', she commanded.

&nbsp;

Her smile broadened into a grin. It was
not like her usual refined and restrained grin, this was a grin of sadistic
abandonment. I was scared and went to tell her that I was frightened BUT I
COULD NOT MOVE. 

&nbsp;

Not a muscle! 

&nbsp;

My god I couldn't move! 

&nbsp;

I immediately started to panic. As my
heart raced she started to cackle. She stood up slowly and sauntered over to
me.

&nbsp;

'What was happening? Why couldn't I
move?� I raced. I wondered if I may have had a sudden stroke or if I was
dreaming...but it was too real. Before I could think further she said,

&nbsp;

'Shhhhhhhhhhh, little one'

&nbsp;

She ran her hand down my face and stood
in front of me. She looked evil in her dark makeup and deep red lipstick. Her
wide smile was becoming Satanic. She started to run her nails down my face,
slowly, just so they started to scratch a little. Like a cat toying with a baby
rabbit. I was choked up with fear, staring at her.

&nbsp;

'I expect you are wondering why you can't
move now.�

&nbsp;

�Yes!� I thought silently

&nbsp;

�I could keep you like this forever you
know. I'm sure you'd like that wouldn't you'

&nbsp;

I couldn't understand what she was
saying, I was totally helpless, a fox in a snare.

&nbsp;

'This', she said taking my bag off my
shoulder and throwing it aside, 'is our chance to get to know each other a bit
better. Since I already know all about you, all your deep, dark secrets, I�ll
do the talking shall I?�

&nbsp;

She took off my jacket and started
unbuttoning my blouse.

&nbsp;

I choked back a sob but couldn't lift a
finger.

&nbsp;

'Yes, I could keep you still like this
for as long as I choose'

&nbsp;

My blouse was removed from me and tossed
aside.

&nbsp;

'Maybe I could have a little glass
display case made and stand you in it over there', she mused, �get a nurse to
put in a dear little feeding tube, a catheter and a daily enema and you would
become like part of the room, a permanent fixture. My favourite decoration
maybe�

&nbsp;

I was going insane with fear now. I felt
I would pass out, my head was swimming. My body was not listening to me and try
as I might I could do nothing about it.

&nbsp;

She unbuttoned my skirt and pulled it
down. Then she unfastened my bra and threw that behind too. In spite of my
paralysis the tears ran down my face. 

&nbsp;

'Oh don't mind me dear I've seen it all before',
she mocked as she yanked down my tights and pants airing my sex to the room.

&nbsp;

'Left foot up', 

&nbsp;

It moved up and she took my shoe off. I
was aghast. She did the same for the right so I was standing upright and quite
naked in front of her. She picked up my shoes and set them upright in front of
each of my feet.

&nbsp;

�Slut-heels on�, she snapped

&nbsp;

I stepped into my shoes again and she
smiled.

&nbsp;

'You see now. I am your Goddess. I own
you now and I can do with you as I please. Now I may let you speak, but if I
don't like how you do it I can easily silence you again. Permanently.'

&nbsp;

'Do you understand?'

&nbsp;

'Yes��Vivienne', I said, to my surprise.

&nbsp;

A look of venom crossed her before she
slapped me with full force across the face and screamed

&nbsp;

'No more &quot;Vivienne&quot;', mocking
my voice on her name. She was riled.

&nbsp;

'Last chance now so
make it good��Now say it bitch!'

&nbsp;

'Yes my Goddess, my powerful Goddess', I
sobbed. I was terrified of her. She had become a monster, an all powerful
demon.

&nbsp;

'Good', she smiled slowly, 'now we are
starting to understand each other. �Mistress�; will be adequate to address me
from now on though. I think it show that you understand who is in charge�

&nbsp;

�Yes, Mistress�

&nbsp;

She then turned and walked back around
her desk. She clicked her fingers and said, 'Up on here on all fours, now'

&nbsp;

I immediately moved; I didn't want to, I
wanted to run away as fast as I could.

&nbsp;

'What's happening to me?� I wept
hysterically

&nbsp;

'Well dear, you�re unable to resist me
now as you�re under my spell', she moved aside to allow me to climb up onto her
desk

&nbsp;

'You see you've been treated in a very
special way.'

&nbsp;

I was now on all fours on her desk. She
ran her hand through my hair

&nbsp;

'The first day you came in here I decided
I could use you so I did it to you then. It�s amazing what you can do with a
scanner, a gamma knife and a virgin brain. I make a few little tiny, special
cuts to the right parts and, hey presto, I have a devoted, wonderfully
controllable little minion.�

&nbsp;

�My�.my�.brain�, I spluttered my mouth
wide open in abject disbelief.

&nbsp;

�They�re absolutely teensy-tiny, really
very little to worry about now�; she said gently stroking my head with the
mocking, trivialising sincerity of a sadistic nurse helping a small child
through a horrific medical procedure.

&nbsp;

She opened a drawer in her desk and took
something out.

&nbsp;

'The process nearly always works straight
away but there is a small chance that with a lot of resistance new pathways can
form in the period immediately following treatment. That's why you wanted it to
work for you; and you have been praying for it to work haven't you'

&nbsp;

She smiled at me. I had played right into
her hands. New tears sprang to my eyes.

&nbsp;

'Yes,' she said stroking my head, 'I�m
afraid the damage is done now Anita, there's no going back now unless I let you
go. Your mind is like a piece of clay for your Goddess to play with and I
wonder what I will make you into.'

&nbsp;

'Please�..Mistress�,' I sobbed, 'I don't
like this! Please let me go!'

&nbsp;

I was weeping uncontrollably, crying my
heart out.

&nbsp;

'There, there now�, she said, �there,
there.�

&nbsp;














PART 5

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  11
  2006-10-27T14:54:00Z
  2006-10-27T14:54:00Z
  1
  1853
  10564
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  88
  24
  12393
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART
5

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�I do so cherish these special moments�,
she had said

&nbsp;

I heard the sound of stretching, snapping
rubber and the squirt of jelly forced from a nozzle. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�There�s a certain intimacy that comes from
the realisation that you are now, for the rest of your life, completely under
the control of your new Goddess. Don�t you think? I am going to impress upon
you that your mind and body are mine to do with as I please. You will want to
be desperately, desperately eager to make sure that I am happy with you. I can
make you behave as I wish, without any scope for you to resist. I could order
you to take your life and, believe me; you would not hesitate to do it�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She came very close and whispered into my
ear,

&nbsp;

�Also, I could kill you with a word. You
would die, where you stood, over a time course of my choosing. Very, very
painfully. Believe me��..Perhaps the phone will ring one day when I have no
further use for you. Very, very clean. No loose ends. Natural causes would be
irrefutable as the cause of death� 

&nbsp;

I could feel my heart slowing down, my
vision went black; I couldn�t stay up. She slapped my face, hard. I snapped
back round. As I remembered the horror of what she was saying she continued,

&nbsp;

�Things may well end that way one day but I
am not ready to end you just yet, little one. I have other plans in mind. I do
not want you passing out like that again though. Apart from anything else it�s
a very inconsiderate way to reward your Goddess for her time and attention.
Let�s try and keep you in the here and now a little more shall we�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She moved around to my side towards my
bottom. I felt something cold at my sex then the brutal intrusion of something.
It was her fingers.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�No!� I sobbed in protest.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�This should keep you mindful of who�s in
charge and who�s fucking who here�, she said working her fingers in over the
third knuckles. The penetration was horrible. I had only ever had sex with one
man and only then a handful of times. I did not enjoy it; it had been a
painful, upsetting experience; not how I imagined it could be with the right
man; maybe my perfect, handsome suitor from the yacht. I was jerked immediately
from that thought.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The rubber fingers inside me brought a
horrible memory from my adolescence flooding back; lying on my back in the
dark, tears in my eyes, trying not to sob so he would know how upset I was. I
had been trying not to cry out with the pain from his inexperienced, brutal
thrusts. I then felt the hand slip in further the feeling was revolting, I
wanted to reach down and pull it out but my hands were stuck supporting me and
quite useless. I couldn�t stand it and longer.

&nbsp;

�Please, Please, Please Mistress!� I sobbed
miserably, �I will do anything you want, just please stop�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I was broken. I had given up. She had won.
I could take no more. I would do her bidding, whatever it was she wanted from
me.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�I can already make you do anything that I
want, you stupid bitch, I have total control over your mind and body so to
offer me that is to offer me nothing. Do not insult my intelligence again���..�

&nbsp;

She gripped me deep inside to make this
point. I felt a deep unsettling pain as she squeezed my womb. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�You do still have something left that you
can offer me though.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�What is it?� I begged to know, surely it
could be hers for the taking. If not I would freely give it to her if she would
just release me from her grip and let me go home.

&nbsp;

�Lets not make any rash choices now Anita.
I want you to fully understand the options on the table before you sign your
life away. �

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Her hand was fully worked into me now.� It was deeply painful. When it moved there
were new waves of spasm and pain, she was twisting her hand one way then the
other to keep it constant; squashing my cervix between thumb and forefinger as
she reamed her long gloved arm around inside me. It was a shocking, reviling
sensation. If I had had any control at all I would have leapt up and ran as
fast as I could in any direction.

&nbsp;

�I can�t take it any more Mistress, please,
I�m begging you, please take your hand out of me�, I wept, begging for the
abuse to end.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�The first choice�, she continued oblivious
to my protests,� and the one I really don�t recommend, is this. I have a very
comfortable wheelchair just behind that door. I�m afraid you�re going to have
an accident falling down the stairs at your flat. It�ll be clear that you must
have broken your neck because you won�t be able to move any of your body at
all. Ever again.�

&nbsp;

I didn�t think it was possible to be more
frightened than I already was at that time but this brought me to a new height
of terror. This was my deepest, my most terrible fear, she had cut straight
into me with the worst thing I could have imagined at that time. She must have
found that out from me during one of the sessions. Oh how I had betrayed
myself! My mouth had gone dry and I had struggled to speak.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�It gets better,� she silenced me,� they�ll
scan your neck but everything will look absolutely normal; there will be no
evidence of any structural problem. Obviously I won�t let you tell anyone what
really happened, so they�ll draw their own conclusions. You�ll spend the rest
of your life being looked after by people who think you are at best mad or at
worst a liar and a fraud. It won�t engender much sympathy I can tell you. In
fact I�ve already picked out a care home for you. I�m afraid it has had some
bad press recently with some of the inmates being sexually abused and an
otherwise appalling record on neglect and the preservation of dignity; but it�s
cheap and for this reason, surprisingly popular. I think I can swing a place
there though. I want you to remember how this feels every time you are fucked
there�

&nbsp;

My head was swimming again. My eyes lost
focus then the hand inside me tensed, formed into a fist and punched upwards
with the force of a powerful boxer�s jab. I screamed in agony. It was the
release I needed, I had screamed in terror, absolute terror at what she had
said. I had screamed at my total abject helplessness; and I had screamed at how
the woman I had so respected, so looked up to and revered, had become the most
evil, dreadful tormentor conceivable. I hated her like I�d never hated before
but more than that I was terrified of her. I screamed in my absolute terror and
in that moment was briefly transported away from the reality for the tiniest respite.
Her voice then brought me back to my possible future.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�How does that strike you Anita? I hear
they generally just leave the residents in their rooms all day as it�s very
little bother to do that. There used to be televisions but they tended to get stolen
so generally the inmates are left alone in their rooms with their thoughts in a
peaceful silence; sounds lovely doesn�t it. Of course the newer residents tend
to get the poorer rooms. Most of the rooms don�t have windows and they are
under pressure to stay competitive and keep costs down so they tend to turn the
lights off too. You�ll have plenty of time to think about whether you made the
right choice here today. Plenty of time to mull it over, I can tell you.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As I whimpered, she gently stroked the side
of my face with her other hand.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She paused for a while letting the gravity
of her words sink in further.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Of course there is another
alternative�������.It will demand hard work from you though.�

&nbsp;

�Please, I will do it�, I begged, like I
was begging for my life.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�And if at any stage I feel that you are
not playing by the rules, there will always be the care home waiting. Do you
want to know what the alternative is or have you already decided to go with the
first option. I know it�s pretty tempting?� 

&nbsp;

�Please, what is it Mistress?�

&nbsp;

�The other option is for you to give me
something that I really want. I am going to change you significantly over the
next few weeks. You will, of course, obey me completely in it but I want that
little something extra from you.�

&nbsp;

�Please Mistress; I will give it to you�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�I want your devotion to it. I want you to
apply yourself to it. In short, I want your very soul�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I gulped. The day had been so unbelievable
that thoughts of vampires and the devil filled my mind as she had suggested
this. She wanted the heart of my being and that thing that was most precious.
For many people it would have been a difficult choice.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�It is yours Mistress, I am yours fully. I
will apply myself to whatever you give me�, I had answered without hesitation.
The alternative was just too terrible to contemplate.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Excellent.�, she had warmed, �It will be
unpleasant but don�t worry I will be able to help you along the way. I want you
to remember today, remember the feeling of the penetration of your mind, body
and soul. Every time you are fucked I want you to feel like you are now, as you
are being fucked by me. It is enough for you to know that you are going to be
changed according to my specifications over the next few weeks. I want you to
remember how this moment feels as you apply yourself to my will.�

&nbsp;

She rammed her fist in hard again and
wrenched it round. I felt like my very core was being ripped. I yelled out
again in pure physical pain. 

&nbsp;

Then she took her fist out.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�We will talk about this some more later,
that�s enough for now. Clothes back on�, she said

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She sat down at her desk and took off the
rubber glove.

&nbsp;

I got down off the table and, sobbing
still, hurriedly scrabbled together my clothes and put them on. My makeup must
have been streaming down my face as I stood shabbily dressed in front of her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She pressed the intercom button.

&nbsp;

�Jenny, could you send in Miss Sanders
please�

&nbsp;

�Go into my bathroom and fix your face, my
obedient little slave�

&nbsp;

I scurried into the private bathroom
discretely concealed behind a panel in the wall. I sniffed and sobbed as I
washed my face and started to put my makeup back on.

&nbsp;

�I haven�t got all day though girl�

&nbsp;

�Yes, Mistress�, I said, I was doing it as
quickly as I could.

&nbsp;

When I had disguised the tears and the
redness around my eyes and made my hair look acceptable I adjusted my clothes
and walked back out. I was surprised to see Trisha stood there smiling with
Vivienne. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Hello Anita�, she had said, �I�m going to
look after you tonight to make sure that you are all right for tomorrow. You
have a very big day ahead. Come along�

&nbsp;

She turned as if to walk and clicked her
fingers at her show. My body lunged forward as I moved to heel, standing just
behind her to the side, matching her movements.

&nbsp;

�Say goodbye Anita�, Trisha said.

&nbsp;

�Goodbye Mistress�

&nbsp;

Vivienne was now sat back at her desk
touching up her make-up with a mirror. She didn�t look up.

&nbsp;

�I look forward to seeing the results. Now
behave yourself and remember what we have talked about as you recover
tomorrow.�

&nbsp;

Trisha started to walk out and I followed
like a good puppy.

&nbsp;

She opened the door for me and I walked
back out into the reception.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Hi Anita!�

&nbsp;

I spun to the sofa and couldn�t believe it.
There was Melanie from the office beaming at me.

&nbsp;

�I thought I�d take your advice and come
and get some help with the smoking�, she blurted out, and �I�ve got my first
appointment now!�

&nbsp;

�Oh,� I had said. God! I wanted to warn
her. I wanted to scream at her to flee while she still could.

&nbsp;

�That�s fantastic�, I lied, smoothing the
pathway into the trap.

&nbsp;

�Dr. Black�s ready for you now dear�,
Trisha said extending her arm towards the luxurious office. Melanie excitedly
got up and clicked her way into the office giving me a little wave.

&nbsp;

�Hear you�re on holiday Anita, talk to you
soon�

&nbsp;

She was looking around at Vivienne�s room
like a child in a sweet shop.

&nbsp;

Trisha closed and sealed the door and then
smiled at me. My heart ached for poor Melanie as I felt a wave of hatred and
bile rise within me. I was completely impotent. Trisha turned and I followed.
We walked outside and found her car.

&nbsp;

She took me back to her house. I was so
exhausted from my ordeal that I remember very little about it. I had started to
feel sleepy. I remember that she did not say much but had made me eat, drink
and shower. She had then put me to bed in a guest bedroom. She had calmed me
with a soothing touch. She stayed sitting at my bedside for some time, stroking
my head while I let out the occasional whimper. Gradually the terrible images
faded from my mind.

&nbsp;

�Sleep now�, she hushed,� save your
strength for tomorrow�

&nbsp;

I went out like a snuffed candle.

&nbsp;














PART 6

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-02T01:49:00Z
  2006-11-02T01:49:00Z
  1
  2730
  15561
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  129
  36
  18255
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 6

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Trisha�s two-seater Mercedes slowly
crunched up the gravel driveway. I was hungry, thirsty and nervous. She had
commanded silence from me from the moment we had left her house some two hours
ago. I had quickly lost track of where I was, no doubt at her instructions. She
sang along to the radio for most of the way swapping between stations to avoid
hearing the same breakfast news stories over and over. She had a large plastic
cup of strong smelling coffee in the holder next to her seat. She had not
offered me a cup. Similarly, she had made me sit at her breakfast table while
she had eaten toast, without allowing me any. She had then made me do the
washing up while she put on her makeup.

&nbsp;

She had given me a soft pink tracksuit to
put on after I had showered. Under this, at her instruction, I had put on a
thickly padded, push-up bra. It had made my little breasts look much, much
bigger while at the same time pushed them together enough to actually generate
some cleavage. After I had put on the tracksuit top and zipped it up, she had
adjusted the zip downwards so as much of my breasts as possible were on show. I
didn�t feel at all comfortable like that and she�d made a point of calling me
�Busty� or �Tits� after that as a kind of unilateral joke. She had been so kind
to me the first day I had met her. Now I was a source of amusement for her. She
had turned into a school bully, taking delight in mocking and belittling me.

&nbsp;

�Come on hot cakes, lets sort out your
nails�, she had said signalling pointedly to a chair opposite her.

&nbsp;

I sat myself down and surrendered my
hands. I controlled the frown on my brow. She said nothing but proceeded to
take all my nail varnish off and scrubbed my finger nails so that they were
clean. It was obvious that there were artificial extensions glued on when they
were in their naked state.

&nbsp;

�We�ll keep this one clean�, she said
pointing to my left forefinger, �but there�s no reason we can�t let you tart
the others up a bit�

&nbsp;

At that she took out some bright pink
varnish. She positioned my hands on the table and then started to paint my
nails with it. I didn�t understand why she was doing this.

&nbsp;

�It�s so much more convincing if you look
the part a little today�, she had explained as she finished my left hand and
moved over to the right.

&nbsp;

My left finger nails were drying with a
loud, plastic, bubble-gum pink; lacquered thickly on. Unlike my usual deep,
velvety looking, tones it looked awful.

&nbsp;

�Nice colour isn�t it�, she said raising
her eyebrows as she started on my penultimate finger.

&nbsp;

I didn�t answer. I was trying to sulk
although I was wary of making that too obvious. I was still frightened. Not
anywhere near as much as I had been the night before but a long way from
feeling comfortable. While Vivienne had seemed like evil incarnate, Trisha
merely seemed like a malicious bully. She wasn�t freezing me and violating my
very being, she was just making me look tasteless; by comparison it was very
little. I still hated it though.

&nbsp;

�Put your feet on here�, she said. I
obeyed. Then she started to quickly paint my toenails too.

&nbsp;

�There now�, she said as the last nail
lay there starting to dry.

&nbsp;

�Lets quickly do your face�, she said
grabbing a bright pink make-up bag, �Look forward�

&nbsp;

It took her only a couple of minutes to
cover my face in a multitude of products, such was her expertise. I felt thick
foundation and caught the sight of a pink lipstick that matched my nails. I
didn�t see anything else of what she was doing as I obediently faced straight
ahead.

&nbsp;

�Put these on now�, she said.

&nbsp;

From the bag, she took out a pair of
large gold rings, about three inches in diameter with a thick twisted ribbon
design on. I had never worn big earrings like that before because I hated them;
but did as I was told; pushing the little bars through the piercings in my ears
and hooking the backs of the rings over the bars so they hung on securely. They
reminded me a little of the ones that Melanie would wear, only these were even
more eye catching and more tarty.

&nbsp;

Trisha was grinning at me. She roughed up
my hair and adjusted it to a fashion that she approved of. Then she walked out
into the bedroom I had been in and returned with a white faux-leather overnight
bag stuffed full and zipped tightly shut. Her other hand was obscured.

&nbsp;

�Here are the things you�ll need for your
stay�, she said, �Now it�s time to leave, so put your shoes on�

&nbsp;

She handed me a pair of white patent
leather sandals with high stiletto heels. They were really tasteless. I took
them, the straps hanging from my fingers as I looked at them in disapproval.
What on earth was I going to be looking like? I know I used to look drab but I
had never looked cheap.

&nbsp;

She gestured at my feet. I was not being
commanded here but I knew I had no choice as I put the shoes on the floor and
slipped my feet into them. In my heart I wanted to kick them across the room,
screaming at Trisha, running out into the courtyard outside. 

&nbsp;

The heels must have been five inches
high. As I buckled the straps on I wondered if I would be able to stand
properly in them, let alone walk. I looked down nervously at my bright pink
toes peeping out from the knotty white straps and hoped that this would not be
the day that I snapped an ankle. 

&nbsp;

�Stop staring at yourself,
Hot Buns, we�ve got places to be�

&nbsp;

She stood me up and drew a wide white
plastic belt around my waist fastening it with the large gold horse-shoe shaped
buckle it had. It constricted my waist in the tracksuit making me catch my
breath. I wanted to loosen it a little and went to touch it. She froze me with
a disapproving stare and I took my hands away again. She�d then grabbed her own
bag and made for the door. 

&nbsp;

�Come along now, Titsy�

&nbsp;

I had teetered out after her clutching
the white bag. I caught a look at myself in her mirror. I looked so common; too
much bright pink and blue makeup and dressed like a bimbo. The shoes, belt and
earrings looked crass, slutty and demeaning. I was about to protest but I heard
a click of fingers and was immediately fixed at her heel once more. 

&nbsp;

�Sway your hips more when you walk in
heels, Anita�, she sounded like a friend now; �try to capture how you felt at
the pole dancing class last week.�

&nbsp;

I filled up with shame. I knew I had no
choice so I started the feeblest saunter that I could manage. I felt like such
a slut, I was praying that nobody would see me. Before we even got to the car,
some few yards down the drive, my feet were rubbing painfully on the plastic
straps and the balls of my feet were aching in the cheap sandals. I was glad to
get out of sight. I said nothing about my painful feet but didn�t feel in any
way refined about my silence.

&nbsp;

She had then told me I was to remain
silent and only answer direct questions until further notice. There was no way
for me to protest to this.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Her car pulled up outside the main door
of the building. I didn�t know where I was and was start to fret.

&nbsp;

�No tears till afterwards now�, she said
in an almost sympathetic tone, realising my fear.

&nbsp;

My eyes remained dry.

&nbsp;

She handed me a blank brown paper
envelope and shooed me out of the car. I shut the door and she lowered the
electric window.

&nbsp;

�Now I�ll be back to pick you up
afterwards and take you back. Off you go, you have about ten minutes so you�re
fine. Enjoy!�

&nbsp;

The window went back up and she waved at
me before speeding the car round and driving away. I felt like I was in a
dream, it was all so unreal; partly because my stomach was empty but mainly
because the place was all so alien.� It
was a very modern looking building � all polished stone and angular chrome
metalwork. The architecture looked like it was devised by someone who prized
appearance far above function. For all the decorative false roof-canopies and
unnecessary glass panes, it looked like there was only a relatively small part
that people could actually use.

&nbsp;

I turned round and looked at the door. It
had the word �Entrance� written on it rather non-specifically. Walking
unsteadily on the last of the gravel before the stairs up to the reception I
wondered where on earth I was and what I was doing here. In spite of the
difficult shoes and the outfit I was glad to finally be rid of my tormentors
and on my own terms a little more. If only I could forget how I had been made
to dress.

&nbsp;

I walked in through the door. The
receptionist looked at me and, thankfully, did not betray any response as to
how I looked. She took only a brief interest in me. I immediately handed her
the envelope as a ploy to distract her. She examined the paper inside, looked
up, smiled and said,

&nbsp;

�Bottom of the corridor, please take a
seat by the statue�

&nbsp;

She gave me back the letter and I
tottered off down the corridor. I passed a couple of very well dressed men in
smart suits. I felt like a cheap whore showing off her breasts and avoided eye
contact with either of them. I was forced to strut to make any headway on my white
stilettos. I cursed Trisha over and over again as I was sure I was stripping
the skin from the backs of my heels. I gradually carted the weighty bag down to
the bottom of the corridor and saw the statue. It was of a luxuriantly robed
Geisha, a tight black bow wrapping her waist like a fine gift, her pale face
looking down in deference but betraying a wry smile. As I admired her I
momentarily forgot that I looked like a prostitute. There was another girl sat
there. She smiled at me and moved her bag from the only other chair.

&nbsp;

�Hi.�, she said.

&nbsp;

I smiled back. I was not to talk
unnecessarily.

&nbsp;

�You being done today too?� she asked.

&nbsp;

�Yes�, I replied without really knowing
what she meant. She made a friendly gesture of pretend nervousness.

&nbsp;

At that moment the door opened and a tall
man in a well cut black pin-stripe came out.

&nbsp;

�Miss Janine Rothwell?� he looked at us
both. The girl put her hand up. He smiled slightly.

&nbsp;

�Please come in�, he gestured inside.

&nbsp;

�And you must be Miss Anita Durrant?� he
asked.

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

�I�m very sorry but we seem to be running
just a little late this morning. I shouldn�t be too long. Please try and bear
with me�

&nbsp;

At that he turned around and shut the
door. He was tall, broad shouldered and extremely good looking. He had short
dark hair and a sharp, well-cut beard. He was the kind of man that I�d have
stared at in the street. Ordinarily, even with my recent confidence, I�d have
been quaking and nervous talking to such an extraordinarily attractive man.
Today, though, I felt like a tramp. I must have turned bright red as he had
addressed me. I had turned quickly to look at him, my earrings knocking against
my neck, reminding me of how dreadful I looked; a showy tart with her breasts
rammed up and out for the men to see. 

&nbsp;

I sat there for the next ten minutes
wriggling my feet and ankles trying to find a comfortable position, dreading
that I would have to face him again. I wanted to go and clean myself up. I
wanted to go in looking like I had when I had worn my black dress and Vivienne�s
jewels.

&nbsp;

Janine soon opened the door and walked
out, off and up the corridor. The door opened a second time and the man was
there again.

&nbsp;

�Anita�, he said gesturing inside.

&nbsp;

I made a weak attempt to smile at him,
the best I could do under the circumstances. I felt fully humiliated as I
picked up my budget-store matching bag and, in as dignified a way as I could
muster, walked past him into the room. I felt the warmth in my face as I heard
the door close behind me while I clicked to my seat. He must have noticed how I
looked as I strutted past him.

&nbsp;

I sat down in a chair and he sat behind
his desk. He looked at me. I wanted to shrink away. I remembered the letter and
my ploy. I gave it to him thinking that at least while he read that he would
not be looking at me. After scanning it briefly he laid it on the table and
once more set his gaze on me.

&nbsp;

�Well, firstly, congratulations on your
new job�, he said, �I know the business is getting more and more competitive by
the day now�

&nbsp;

�Thank you�, I smiled like an idiot. I
didn�t have a clue what he was talking about.

&nbsp;

�I specialise in this kind of work and
want you to know that I�ve had a lot of experience in dealing with exactly what
you have asked for. Because of its success it�s now becoming very, very popular
indeed. I do this full time and have been doing so for five years now�

&nbsp;

I nodded; he was putting my mind at ease
about his experience. I was still totally lost. I had wondered what the new job
meant. I remember feeling a moment of panic wondering if Vivienne and Trisha
had lined up me up for something.

&nbsp;

�I just need to go over a few things,
Ok?� he said.

&nbsp;

I nodded again

&nbsp;

�You�ve already selected styles from the
on-line image suit, so that�s not a problem. I have all your choices right
here�, he held up a dossier.

&nbsp;

�And I have an excellent letter from your
psychotherapist explaining that you are very much of sound mind, understand
everything fully and stand to benefit from this�, he looked up and smiled,� I
don�t doubt this for a minute Miss Durrant but you�d be amazed at the amount of
hoops we have to jump through these days. Dr. Black is,
I have to say, a superb therapist and we have built up an excellent business
relationship now with....oh.....at least two dozen very satisfied ladies. If
she is sponsoring your application then I have no doubt that it will be a
complete success �

&nbsp;

I smiled politely

&nbsp;

�Now. I can do all the work today with the exception of one item. A two
stage procedure is going to be necessary, with the conclusion performed in
several weeks; that�s accepting the fast-track plan that you have already
selected�

&nbsp;

I nodded so he would continue, still
completely fazed. He looked up again from the dossier.

&nbsp;

�If you could take off your top and bra
now for me please�

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry!!!�

&nbsp;

I had wanted to say. Instead, I went
bright red, fumbled for a minute and then unfastened the belt and unzipped my
top.

&nbsp;

He stood up and signalled that I did the
same. I rose, bashfully dropping my top onto the chair. The thick padded bra
was now very much on display. He waited. I could pause no longer. I put my
hands behind me and unfastened the bra. I slipped it over my shoulders and,
keeping them together with my arms narrowed and up at my sides, I put the bra
down on the chair.

&nbsp;

�Please Anita, there�s no need to be embarrassed�,
he was very kindly and was smiling sympathetically at me. He seemed a little
surprised by my reaction but was obviously very experienced in having a girl
strip in front of him. He projected complete control and infinite time and
patience. He was a professional.� I
relaxed a little. I was blushing from head to toe. 

&nbsp;

A man had seen my breasts for about five
seconds once - that was it. It had been the man whom I had slept with. I had
never liked to expose myself, we�d had sex with the light off because I was too
embarrassed to be seen naked. It was bad enough showing myself to him but the
padded bra made it look like I had major psychological issues about the size of
my breasts - I didn�t, they were small but they were me. I didn�t feel
comfortable showing myself to a man; even with my new found confidence. Had I
taken my date into my flat after the party I would possibly have let him see me
topless I think - but only him; certainly not a complete stranger. While I
fantasised about being found beautiful or, at my most daring, a sexy, glamorous
dancer on the stage it was always in the context of being dressed. Being
stripped by Vivienne had been terrible but it was not so much the nakedness in
front of another woman that had troubled me. Rather, it was what she had done
to me when I was naked. Being seen naked by a man, on the other hand, was a big
issue. The cleavage I had flaunted had been bad enough but to be fully exposed
like this before in front of a man was unthinkable. What�s more, I found him incredibly
and disturbingly attractive which made it all the more difficult.

&nbsp;

�Just relax and stand up straight with
your arms by your side�

&nbsp;

I complied, not looking at him.

&nbsp;

�What I will do Anita, is put some tissue
expanders in through small scars here�, he made a line with his finger on the
underside of my breasts to demonstrate where the scars would be. I felt waves
of arousal and nausea at the same time. The hairs on the back of my neck stood
up and my mouth went dry again. He was feeling my breasts����..He was going to
operate on them. 

&nbsp;

My mouth choked up. I wanted to shout,
�No!�

&nbsp;

I tried to whisper it even but could do
nothing.

&nbsp;

He started to touch the bridge of my nose
too, clearly examining that.

&nbsp;

�If you could just take your bottoms and
panties off now please, Miss Durrant�

&nbsp;

I wanted to curl up and cry but I knew I
had been forbidden. I dropped my pants kicking them off my hot eighties porno
shoes. I felt fully like a prostitute as I dropped my panties for him. I was a
deep, deep shade of red. Were I not under the strict control of Vivienne there
is absolutely no way I could have done that.

&nbsp;

He turned me away from him and knelt down
behind me. He started to feel my calves and tendons.

&nbsp;

�Just go up onto tiptoes for me please�

&nbsp;

I did so. I was glad he was so clinical,
it helped me get through. He examined my lower legs as I stood on tiptoes. Even
there, the tips of my heels probably were not much off the ground.

&nbsp;

�And if you come down again, just
separate you legs and bend forward for me�

&nbsp;

I did so. I was glad to hide my face
behind my body but was very acutely aware that I was showing my sex to him. I
was so glad that Trisha had waxed me that weekend and that my legs were newly
shaved. I was almost holding my breath with shame.

&nbsp;

�Please just take your bottom cheeks and
pull them apart for me�

&nbsp;

I turned a pale beetroot colour as I pull
my bottom cheeks firmly aside for him.

&nbsp;

�Looks like there�s been a little recent
trauma here�, he commented.� I almost
died.

&nbsp;

�I�ll be able to take that into account
though so don�t worry about it. Please put your things back on and sit down�

&nbsp;

I dressed myself again quickly. When I
got to the belt I made sure to try and leave it a little looser than Trisha
had. I was unable to fasten it any other way. I conceded to have it tight so
that I was not scrabbling in front of the man. I sat down and pulled my bag a
little closer to the chair.

&nbsp;














PART 7

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-10T20:52:00Z
  2006-11-10T20:52:00Z
  1
  2210
  12597
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  104
  29
  14778
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






PART 7

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Now then. I need you to read and sign
this form for me. It states that you fully understand the procedures and
potential complications and that you consent to have the procedures performed.
Please feel free to ask any questions you like.�

&nbsp;

He placed a piece of printed paper on the
desk and put his fountain pen at the bottom. I picked up the form and held it
in front of my face. The writing seemed to be normal but I was unable to read
it. Curse you Vivienne, inside my mind. I wanted to cry again. I looked up at
him and felt like while I was unable to cry - my lip, at least should be
trembling. It wasn�t. I felt like an illiterate bimbo. I couldn�t even read it.


&nbsp;

I signed the form. I had no choice.

�

'That's all fine Anita. You're fourth on
my list so we will probably get to you in about three or four hours; in the
meantime, obviously, nothing to eat or drink. If you'd like to go back towards
reception and turn left just before, you can go and get checked in at the ward.
I'll see you again after it's all done, Ok?'

&nbsp;

He stood up and offered me his hand. I
took it and shook it. I saw the crass, vile pink of my nails, my delicate
fingers tiny in his strong hand. I looked away again. I picked up my bag and
hurried out.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

After as much time as I could realistically
put it off, I had checked into the ward and changed into a theatre gown and
dressing robe from my bag. Of all the stupid things, Trisha had packed my pink
high-heeled slippers too. I saw one of the cleaners smiling at them on the
floor as I sat with my feet dangling over the edge of the bed. I felt like a
vacuous bimbo. Also, I cursed anxiously when I realised that Trisha must have
been in my flat. What else had she interfered with? My mind was racing anyway.

&nbsp;

Within no time I was a nervous wreck but
I couldn't say anything to anyone. I'd never had an operation before and was so
scared. The girl from the waiting area, Janine, was sat at the bed next to me.
She noticed that I was starting to struggle.

&nbsp;

'Are you ok, Sweetie?� she asked.

&nbsp;

I shook my head, looking up at her with
puppy-dog eyes. She came around her bed and sat next to me. She put her arm
round me and I began to shrink into her as my bottom lip began to tremble.

&nbsp;

'Don't worry, everything'll be fine', she
said in an Essex accent; although she seemed more than a little nervous
herself. She kept trying to bite her nails and stopping; they were as plastic
as my own.

&nbsp;

'I know loads of girls who've had this
done, they all say it's all right you know. It's a bit sore for a few days
after, but then it all starts to settle down. My friend Leisha, right, she
couldn't get any modelling work till she got her double D's but now she has to
fight for a holiday! And she gets paid loads too. She can�t keep the blokes
away neither. She came here and got the full modelling lot, lips, nose-job and
tits. Reckons she'll be back for a facelift when she gets on a bit too. She does
video too, don't do no hardcore though so she didn't get no bleaching or
anything like that done'

&nbsp;

She showed me her breasts and looked down
at mine.

&nbsp;

'I can't wait to get these done. Look at
them, tiny aren't they. You must feel the same right? No more messing around
with padded bras for us eh?'

, she laughed. 

&nbsp;

She was trying to cheer me up. I didn't
reply, I just held on to her. I needed something for comfort. She couldn't have
been much older than seventeen.

&nbsp;

'My agent reckons I'll be able to get on
page three after this', she said proudly. I tried to keep listening to her to
take my mind off my predicament. �It was
true she was very pretty and had lovely long blonde hair. I told her as much
and agreed that with 'a nice pair' she'd make a great pin up. Although I pitied
her for her worthless ambition and brainless lack of insight; and although I
recognised that she was perhaps a different kind of slave, I had no doubt that
I would have gladly swapped lives with her then, in an instant. She wasn�t
owned as explicitly as I was. I had an evil Mistress who would have me cut upon
for no obvious reason; and I was so scared because of it. 

&nbsp;

A porter arrived with a trolley. The
nurse looking after us came over. She addressed my young comforter first.

&nbsp;

'Miss Rothwell, I'm terribly sorry but
there will have to be a delay in your procedure, we've had some equipment
problems I'm afraid; nothing serious, just inconvenient. Don't worry though it
will all be fine for later', she turned to me, 'Miss Durrant if you'd like to
hop up onto this trolley, we can do you now instead'

&nbsp;

I stared at her in disbelief. I was
stunned. I didn't want to go, not at all. Janine helped me up and onto the
trolley, I could barely move myself. I gaped wide eyed at her as the porter
pulled up the side bars on the trolley, I felt encased. In the hope that she
could somehow stop everything I desperately tried to keep looking at Janine as
he started to wheel me down the corridor. I was pale, cold and sweaty as she soon
disappeared around a corner. My heart was pounding as I rolled down the
featureless, sterile corridor. I was hyperventilating.

&nbsp;

Within no time I was in the anaesthetic
room with a drip in my hand. I had heart electrodes on my chest and an oxygen
sensor reading from my one clean finger. I tried to scream, I tried to move. I
tried to mouth the word, 'Help'. I couldn't do anything. 

&nbsp;

I started to panic. I could hear the
beeps of my heart rate speed up. The anaesthetist realised that I was climbing
up the walls with fear and he wasted no time.

&nbsp;

'Ok. Now think of something nice to dream
about, keep it clean though!� he joked, �and we'll see you when you wake up'

&nbsp;

I felt a cold sensation in my arm and
then nothing.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I don't know what time it was when I
awoke later. I remember being sore and drowsy. I remember seeing Janine in the
bed next to me with dressings over her chest. She was asleep. I looked down. I
had bandaging over my nose. Looking down further, my chest was totally covered
with a thick supportive dressing. Oh my God, they had done it! 

&nbsp;

I started to cry. I sobbed for a second and
then started to wail loudly. It was 'after' now and I would have my tears; and
the ones that I was owed. One of the nurses came over and cuddled me, soothing
me. I wept in total and complete anguish. As I bawled my eyes out all I could
think was �What had they done to me? What violation of my will had just
occurred? What had been done to my body? What had they done to me?�

&nbsp;

My lips and face were puffed and swollen.
The tears rolled down over the taut skin and soaked into the bandages.

&nbsp;

'There now, Anita', she said catching my
name off my wristband, 'What's the matter, Hmmmm?'

&nbsp;

'I don't know what they've done to me', I
wept. I looked into her eyes, appealing to her for an answer now that I'd been
given an opportunity to ask.

&nbsp;

'Shhhhh, now', she said. She gave me a
soft reassuring smile, 'It's just the after-effects of the anaesthetic. It can
play with your emotions a little you know. Everything went fine you know,
there's nothing at all to worry about'

&nbsp;

She held me close but hadn't told me what
they'd done. She slowly stroked the side of my head. I resigned that I would
have to wait longer and held her tightly, I needed the contact. I couldn't say
what I needed to say or ask what I needed to know. In spite of being held I
felt completely alone. I closed my eyes and cuddled her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I was awoken again later by the surgeon
calling my name.

&nbsp;

'Anita? Ah, yes, there you are. Back in
the land of the living again', he joked. I didn�t want him to see me like this;
but realised that he had done it all so it wasn�t new to him.

&nbsp;

'Everything went perfectly you'll be
delighted to know'

&nbsp;

He paused and studied the chart at the
end of the bed. Now was the time for me to ask him what had been done.

&nbsp;

'Brilliant', he said putting the chart
down, 'well, I shall see you in my clinic, all the very best and good luck with
the new job. Hope I've given you a helping hand.'

&nbsp;

Next to me, Janine suddenly started to
throw up into a cardboard vomit-bowl. The surgeon left me to deal with her. I
lay back and closed my eyes. I'd clearly had had some cosmetic surgery I
thought but I was unsure of exactly what had been done - or indeed why. I
guessed that he had probably enlarged my breasts and maybe given me a nose job
as well. I couldn't think, though, why Vivienne and Trisha had arranged for me
to have it done. I hadn't been unhappy with the way I had looked physically, I
had accepted myself. I had sometimes felt that my breasts could maybe have been
just a little fuller but I accepted that they suited my smaller frame. I
thought large breasts looked crude on a woman of my slighter build and hoped
desperately that the enlargement had been a subtle one. My nose had a little
bony prominence to it but I had never been too vain to find fault with it. Why
anyone would target that for correction was beyond me. As I wondered more on
their motivations the residual anaesthetic took me into a peaceful slumber once
more.

&nbsp;

As I slept, I was moved from the recovery
bay to a private room.

&nbsp;

It was later that evening that I was just
about well enough to get up, out of bed. The nurse insisted that I at least had
a cup of tea and a piece of toast first. I said I needed the toilet and she
said that she'd help me as long as I was very careful. I had a catheter in
place, to be wary of, and a swollen bag of urine to empty before I could get
up. I had asked for a bed pan initially but she had said that it was a good
idea to try and mobilise, even if just for a short while. There were risks
involved in spending too long in bed after surgery. 

&nbsp;

As I sat up, my belly strained and ached.
There were no scars there so I didn't understand how or why it should be so
painful. That didn't make it any less so. 

&nbsp;

As I went to stand up, my calves suddenly
alit with fire. Was there none of my body that was safe to move? My feet felt
fixed pointing downwards; I could hardly bend my feet up at the ankles for the
pain in my calves. What had he done to my legs and what possible reason could
anyone have for doing it?

&nbsp;

'You'll need these now honey', the nurse
said and put my slippers on the floor. I started to worry again about what had
been done to me and how completely helpless I was. I slipped the toes down into
the soft pink mules and tried to stand. My calves were killing me as I finally
made contact with the instep, my feet resting precariously on the high heels.

&nbsp;

'They won't stay that bad for long honey,
don't worry. You just won't feel like doing much walking for a few days, that's
all'

&nbsp;

She wasn't kidding. I stood up, very glad
of the heels. Any lower and I'm sure my Achilles� tendons would have ruptured.
I felt a little dizzy from the painkillers and my whole body ached. She handed
me a walking frame that had been next to my bed all along.

&nbsp;

'Don't be embarrassed to use this honey.
Believe me, you don't want to come off those heels today'

&nbsp;

'Thank you', I said. I took the frame and
used it to steady myself. I slowly made my way to the toilet. I felt ridiculous
with the combination of heavy bandages, stiletto heels and a Zimmer frame. The
nurse walked at my side to keep a careful eye on me and keep me steady. 

&nbsp;

Janine had continued to be quite sick for
several hours and I considered myself lucky to have not had such a nasty
reaction to the anaesthetic. I was trying to think of something else as I sat
on the toilet. When I tried to open my bowels I felt a terrible dull ache deep
inside. I remember thinking that had I died under the anaesthetic, I would not
have minded. After I made it back to bed it was with a sense of nihilism that I
took my tablets and rested my head against the pillow. 

&nbsp;

It seemed like I had just closed my eyes
when I felt a nudge, my nurse was next to me again and it was clearly much
later.

&nbsp;

'Telephone for you Anita', she said

&nbsp;

I was immediately worried; only two
people knew where I was.

&nbsp;

'Hello?' I said as the nurse walked out.

&nbsp;

'Ah! Anita, hello!'

&nbsp;

It was Vivienne. My head was awash as the
memories came flooding back. I remembered how powerful I knew she could be at
the end of a telephone. I filled up with fear again, was there nowhere that I
could be safe? I had my mobile too even if there wasn't a phone in my room. It
dawned on me that I must be constantly accessible; constantly on an invisible
leash and a telephone ring away from total control; or worse.

&nbsp;

'I hear things went very well', came the
voice. She sounded bright, almost friendly, as if last night hadn't happened,

&nbsp;

'I also hear that you've been a good
girl. I am pleased with you, Anita'

&nbsp;

I felt an immense relief! I felt a pathetic
happiness. I was glad that I had pleased her! It was more than the relief of my
fear of her; or possible punishment; it was a cowardly celebration of my
successful ingratiation to her. She had become my keeper, my Mistress, and held
such incredible power over me. I had pleased her as a little pet or toy might
and felt a small pride in that. I hated myself for it. Where was my dignity? I
felt the pain again in my swollen breasts and remembered that I had lost
control of my life; become her property.

&nbsp;

'Thank you', I said, humbled and once
more mindful of the delicacy of my situation.

&nbsp;

'Now I want you to relax and be happy.
You've been through the wars this last couple of days and I need you strong and
recovered, understand. So here's what will happen'

&nbsp;

I listened eagerly. I was, for the first
time since last night, not anticipating something dreadful from her.

&nbsp;

'As a reward, you may talk freely, within
the normal boundaries. The only subject that's off-limits is your surgery; you
may not discuss what has been done. You may talk about how you are though. You
will notice that you have some difficulty walking to begin with, this will
improve but you must keep trying to do it as this will relax and stretch the
muscles again. Stick strictly to heels though, I don't want you walking
anywhere without shoes. Now, you will be staying there for a couple more days
to recuperate. I suggest you get plenty of rest, eat well and enjoy yourself
with the other girls as much as you can. The food is excellent there, so enjoy
it, and I have arranged for you to be massaged tomorrow. How does that sound?'

&nbsp;

'It sounds wonderful Mistress, thank you',
I whispered, almost touched by her apparent mercy. I had not expected that at
all.

&nbsp;

'You see girl, if you behave yourself,
good things sometimes happen. I will look at you when you return. In the
meantime I suggest you continue to please me'

&nbsp;

She hung up. I slowly rested my head
back, into the pillow. I let out a long slow breath and for the first time in a
long time, smiled a little. My body ached mildly but it was with a mild
euphoria and a soporific haze from the morphine that I went to sleep; gone was
my anxiety.

&nbsp;














PART 8





 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-11-19T21:21:00Z
  2006-11-19T21:21:00Z
  1
  1912
  10900
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  90
  25
  12787
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 8

&nbsp;

The following day I awoke feeling like
I'd been run over. Everywhere was tender. My nurse saw the discomfort I was in
and gave me more painkillers.

&nbsp;

'I'm afraid the second day is always the
worst', she said opening the curtains allowing me to see the crisp, clear
morning, 'why don�t you have a look at this menu and tell me if there's
anything here that will help take your mind off it'

&nbsp;

In spite of the soreness I remember being
ravenously hungry and asked for a full English breakfast with sausages, scrambled
egg, toast and fresh coffee.

&nbsp;

When it came it was fantastic. Like a
five star hotel it was all beautifully presented and prepared from the finest
ingredients. My lips were thick and swollen but as I put the first fork of
soft, creamy, scrambled egg into my mouth, I realised I hadn't felt so good in
days. I closed my eyes to savour it. The nurse brought me a newspaper and gave
me the television remote. She told me that the room had all the film channels
you could possibly want and told me to spend the morning relaxing; she would
get me up for the afternoon. In the meantime if I needed anything, anything at
all, I only had to buzz her.

&nbsp;

Within half an hour I was carefree. The
painkillers had kicked in and I felt a lovely satiety from the breakfast. Ignoring
the effects of the delicious, Guatemalan coffee, I nodded off to the morning
news on the television.

&nbsp;

Before lunch I was given a warm, soothing
bed bath and changed into some soft pyjamas that had been in my bag. Like my
outfit from the previous day they were pink, this time more of a bleached
cerise. They had the Playboy rabbit on; they were awful. The nurse made no
comment on my taste but I felt very embarrassed as she said that she thought I
should have lunch with 'my friends' in the day room at the end of the corridor.
I didn't really want to see anyone, or have anyone see me, but I agreed
reluctantly. She exchanged a smaller bag onto my catheter line and strapped it
to my leg. Then she wrapped me up in a thick pink dressing gown and told me that
no-one would see it and not to worry. She lined up my slippers and Zimmer frame
again and before I could admit that actually I'd rather stay in bed, I was
struggling up the corridor. 

&nbsp;

The day room was actually a conservatory
looking out across stunning pastures with mature woodland hills up on the far
horizon. A huge weeping willow dripped over a wide, wind-swept lake to the
right. It was the perfect autumn view to sooth the eyes and encourage recovery.


&nbsp;

The room itself was high-ceilinged and
furnished with deep burgundy sofas and tall-backed leather chairs around a
stout oak dining table. A television hummed quietly to itself in the corner;
the usual morning chat show; this time some shouty young teenager defending her
choice to have an abortion. I hated morning television.

&nbsp;

There were three other girls sat there
already. Thankfully they were beyond caring about my situation. Of the three,
one of them had a walking frame too. They were all bandaged around the breasts
and, with the exception of Janine, their faces too. I noticed that the girl in
the nearest chair had a complicated set of metal bars forming a harsh looking
brace around her mouth. I counted that as a small mercy as I tip-toed past her
to take a seat.

&nbsp;

'Hi Anita', said my little friend from
the day before. She came over and sat down next to me giving me kiss on the
cheek.

&nbsp;

'See, I told you it would all be okay.
Look at these'

&nbsp;

She tried to thrust her chest out at me
but recoiled in pain after pushing herself a little too far.

&nbsp;

'I can't wait to be able to go shopping
for some new tops, something to really show these off in, maybe a push up
corset or a boob-tube or something'

&nbsp;

She made a few gentle poses, imagining
herself in front of the lens. 

&nbsp;

I considered myself a serious and
intelligent woman; I usually couldn't stand glamour models or bimbos. It
outraged my feminist sense of worth as a woman to see other girls turn
themselves wantonly into compliant sex objects for men to lust over. Ordinarily
I would have not given her the time of day and would have scorned her; but the
circumstances had made me warm to Janine. I had so needed a friend and she had
been there when I needed her. She had the same grass-roots honesty and
transparency as Melanie, and that endeared her to me even more.

&nbsp;

'You'll look gorgeous sweetie', I said,
trying to play the role of the encouraging big sister, 'you'll be beating them
off soon, I'm sure'

&nbsp;

That was one of Melanie's expressions;
that you�d have to beat the men off with stick because you looked so good. 

&nbsp;

The other two girls weren't saying much.
The one with the braces looked like she wouldn�t be capable of proper speech
for a while. I noticed that she had a fine yellow tube coming out of one
nostril. It must have been so she could be fed while her jaw was so extensively
wired. I felt so sorry for her; but she didn't have a Zimmer frame and she
didn't seem to be in as much discomfort as I was. The forth girl had the same
array of dressings that I did. She was the one with the walking frame. She was
a slim light-brown skinned girl. Even under the bandages I could see that she
was extremely pretty. She had lovely long eyelashes. She made no eye contact
and studiously ignored the two of us, looking down at her feet. I thought maybe
she was ashamed to be here, like me.

&nbsp;

'Jeez, you must have had the whole works
done babe', Janine said looking me up and down.

&nbsp;

I blushed and turned away. The attention
was now back on my own modifications.

&nbsp;

'I've never seen anyone have that calf
thing done, that's pretty hardcore that is. You in videos or a dancer or what?'

&nbsp;

I was a little shocked. The black girl
had heard what she had said too and stirred a little. I had wished that Janine
was a little more subtle.

&nbsp;

'Er, Dancer', I said. It was the closer
of the two I supposed.

&nbsp;

'Thought so', she said, 'you have a
dancer�s body'

&nbsp;

'Thank you'

&nbsp;

I tried to take it as a compliment and
was secretly a little bit pleased that she thought I had a dancer's physique.
It was impossible to make it out under the thick dressing gown and surgical
dressings then though.

&nbsp;

'I'd love to be able to do what you girls
can do�, she mused, �I can only just walk a bit in really high heels, but
that's it, I�m unsteady and it's proper hard too. I know I�ll have to wear 'em
for porn shoots and that. Can't do no real dancing mind, pole dancing
and lap dancing stuff, that's proper skilful that is.'

&nbsp;

It was easier not to bother pointing out
that I was not an erotic dancer.

&nbsp;

'Bet that hurts though at the moment.
Walking, I mean. My tits are pretty sore but you're all bruised up everywhere;
and with that walking frame too!'

&nbsp;

There were some things I wished she'd
just shut up about.

&nbsp;

'Yes. It hurts, thank you, Janine', I had
said. I looked out over the meadow and welcomed a moment�s silence.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Before long a waitress came and took orders
for lunch. Presumably out of sympathy, the wired girl was escorted away while
the table was laid for three. It was a difficult meal. Janine didn�t stop
talking, while the other girl couldn�t even look at us. I didn�t say much
myself, instead I allowed myself to get lost enjoying a beautifully cooked
sirloin with potatoes and sauce B�arnaise. Janine had a plate of chips with
mayonnaise which she ate with her fingers. I was relieved when, finally, my
nurse came and walked me back to my room.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Later that afternoon I found myself back
in the day room. I had been given a wonderful massage in my room. It had lasted
over half an hour. The masseuse was a plump Asian girl with long pony-tailed
black hair swinging down to her bottom. She had a firm, powerful grip and
clearly was very well practised at her art. She had concentrated on my feet,
arms, neck and head; so as to avoid my tender areas. She had also worked
extensively on my calves to loosen them. It had tortured me as she glided her
thumbs along the lengths of my burning tendons, again and again. She had rubbed
them over and over to get some heat into them and then gradually applied a
stretch to them. I had screwed my face up tight trying not tense them as I knew
that that would make them hurt even more. I was so relieved when she finally
moved down to my feet and the agony became a relaxing, soft bliss.

&nbsp;

I had taken a brief afternoon nap before
being walked back to the day room. It was empty save for the black girl from
earlier.

&nbsp;

I felt a difficult tension in the air and
sat on a sofa away from her. I watched her from across the room. She was curled
up in her chair looking down. Below her, a pair of black leather,
stiletto-heeled mules was discarded and to the side was her walking frame,
similar to my own. She had dressings over her nose and breasts and was wrapped
in a thick gown as I was. I wondered if I could make out the bulge of a urine
bag against her leg. She ignored me. As I watched her some more I realised that
she did not look at all happy. Then a possibility jumped into my mind. I sat
up, alert, wondering. I had to talk to her; she wasn't like the others. I had
to do this..

&nbsp;

I grabbed my frame and slid my shoes back
on. I carefully stood up and made my way over to her. I was determined to find
out about her. She looked up as I inched across the room towards her. She
seemed frightened and at first tried to shy away, that only made me more
determined.

&nbsp;

'Hello', I said in as friendly a voice as
I could muster.

&nbsp;

She tried to give me a smile, instead looking
like she was about to cry.

&nbsp;

'Hello', I said again, 'my name's Anita,
what's yours?'

&nbsp;

'Lisa', she said quietly, looking down
again.

&nbsp;

I turned round and sat myself down next
to her, exaggerating the show of relief I felt as my calves eased. I wanted her
to see that I was in the same state as her; I was a friend. I didn't know how
to broach the next subject. I knew that certain topics were taboo for me and
that there were some that I would be completely unable to bring up. I was also
very mindful of my need to not do anything that could be interpreted as
misbehaviour by my Mistresses. Vivienne had told me to have fun with the
other girls, though, so I was clearly allowed to talk to them

&nbsp;

'How are you feeling?� I asked innocently

&nbsp;

She looked into my eyes and I cold see
tears forming.

&nbsp;

'I'm..........� the tears welled up in
her eyes and she started to sob.

&nbsp;

'Are you able to answer?' I asked her,
forcing her to look at me. She sniffed and then I saw a spark of recognition in
her eyes. She realised what I was getting at.

&nbsp;

'Yes' she nodded.

&nbsp;

'Are you able to talk?' I asked her.

&nbsp;

'No', she said staring at me in disbelief
and acknowledgement. She was now fully alert.

&nbsp;

'Just answer questions then?'

&nbsp;

'Yes, Anita, that's right'

&nbsp;

She sniffed and tried to stop her crying;
she was trying to smile for me.

&nbsp;

'It's okay', I said putting my arm gently
round her, 'it's okay, Lisa, I�m your friend now okay?'

&nbsp;

I felt calm and composed. For the first
time it was me who was able to be the strong one. She wiped her eyes and then
looked at me. I wanted to ask her all sorts of questions; if she was as
controlled as I was; when she had been taken; what had been done to her; but I
didn't dare try. Instead I asked her about herself. Even using �yes� or �no�
answers it was possible to learn a lot from someone. Lisa could at least reply
a little more fully than that. I found out that she lived two hundred miles
away, almost on the south coast. She was 25 and had been born in Somalia
but came to live in England when she was a baby. Her father, originally French had been a
diplomat in Somalia initially but had taken permanent residence in England
after an early retirement. Not long after this he had passed away. Her mother
was still alive but they had fallen out, I didn't want to ask why, I was after
all, trying to raise her spirits a little. She had two brothers and a sister
back in Somalia. She was married but separated and she had no children. She had
started working as a lawyer for a large firm in London. She kept a
small flat there since leaving her husband.

&nbsp;

I kept talking to her for at least
another hour about anything that came into my head. I remembered how horrible
it had been when my own speech had been restricted. I wanted her to be able to
express something of herself to someone. Even if we couldn't talk about the
issues burning in our minds, we shared so much in what was not spoken. We had
found each other; someone else who was being put through the same. I wouldn't
have wished it on anyone but I was selfishly glad to not be alone any more.

&nbsp;

Our meeting was eventually terminated by
my nurse who came to put me back to bed for more rest.

&nbsp;

I didn't leave my room after that, I was
too tired. I ate another fantastic meal and fell asleep for the night in front
of the television. It was seven o�clock.

&nbsp;














PART 8

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-12-05T18:45:00Z
  2006-12-05T18:45:00Z
  1
  3364
  19176
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  159
  44
  22496
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 9

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As we drove back, I tried to piece it
together in my mind. There had to be a reason for everything, I had no doubt of
that.

&nbsp;

I had been awoken to another breakfast in
bed. As I had eaten and looked forward to another morning in bed the nurse had
told me that she would make sure everything was set for my discharge, that
afternoon. I didn't want to leave my room, it felt protective. I had been cared
for there, looked after; and well at that. Nothing bad had happened to me since
I had been unwillingly operated on, so I associated the room with peace. It was
my sanctuary. I was troubled at the thought of leaving.

&nbsp;

That morning I had been given another
massage and then another bed bath. During this, my dressings were taken down
for the first time so that the nurse could examine the wounds. I couldn't see
my nose at first but she looked happy enough with it and said that although the
dressing could stay down, some clients preferred to keep one on for discretion,
especially when they were leaving the clinic. I said I wanted to leave it open
to the air, the dressing had been annoying and impeded my view. She warned me
that it wasn't pretty and would take days for it all to settle but showed me my
face in the mirror. There was heavy bruising and swelling all around my nose
and lips, I looked like I'd been a punch-bag. I looked away. I hoped that I
would look all right when it settled down. I was neither vain nor especially
pretty but my face had been unblemished, before Vivienne had ordered me cut
upon. I started to get teary again at the thought of my helplessness and had to
shake myself out of it. What was done was done. I tried to think of Janine. I
tried to remember that many girls saved long and hard to have this kind of
thing done to them. I tried to convince myself that maybe I was actually lucky;
that I may end up looking beautiful at the end of all this.

&nbsp;

She slowly took the dressings off my
chest. I watched anxiously as my breasts were revealed to me for the first
time. They were also heavily bruised, blue and deep red shades swirled on the
tender skin of my giant battered orbs. They were much bigger. They looked like
they had been stuffed full. The skin, designed for my small, understated
mounds, was taut and ripe to burst such were the size of the implants sealed
inside my skin. My nipples now pointed upwards and outwards. I considered them
and gulped to myself. They were now a pair of well above average sized breasts,
at least a D cup I thought, probably more, I was no expert. I was scared of
them. I remembered how I'd felt when Trisha had made me wear the push up bra,
even with my small breasts. I had felt so naked, so displayed and so ashamed. I
would not be able to hide these anywhere near as easily; even in a normal bra
their shape would show, no matter what I wore over it.

&nbsp;

I pulled myself together and again tried
to remind myself that many women better than myself had opted for breast
enlargements. Maybe it was all for the better. My attempt at self deception
didn't last long. I soon had full teardrops running down my cheeks, I hated
that my body had been mutilated against my will. I hated the hideous
projections on my chest, they were not my breasts anymore; they were alien. I
didn't know if they belonged to me or if they were really Vivienne's and I was
just wearing them, permanently. I wanted to tear the scars open and rip the
hideous things out. My mind moved to wondering about the true reason for it
all. I desperately avoided spending any more time dwelling on the terrible
purpose that had Lisa and me at this clinic; it would surely just upset me even
more. I had told myself I must try and think of something else.

&nbsp;

The nurse tried to soothe me and reassure
me that it would all settle down; that really he had done an exceptionally good
job on me. She said it was very normal to have so much bruising at this stage.
I ignored her and tried to think about something totally different. I thought
of the office, of Melanie and my boss. I thought of the girls at work. Oh god,
would I have to go back to work like this! Oh no! I started to worry all over
again. I desperately hoped that the changes would be subtle. I didn't think I
could face the other girls if they knew I'd had time off for cosmetic surgery;
or my boss for that matter; or anyone in the whole office. I fretted to myself
as the nurse cleaned and re-dressed the wounds under my breasts. She told me
everything was healing well. I didn�t care.

&nbsp;

Then she examined me down below and
pulled some bloody swabs from my vagina. I was shocked! I didn't know why I had
bled from there. It was heavier than a period, a lot heavier, and I wasn't even
due on mine. I so wanted to ask her what had been done to my sex. I was
starting to get very upset at the thought of this new violation. I searched for
sensations there, trying to gather evidence. I could feel all my vulva as she
wiped me. I felt her swabbing my lips and my clitoris, so I didn't think it I
had been cut there, I was relieved. I was sore in the depth of my belly but I
couldn't think why that should be. I felt a sudden sharp, burning pain as she
drew the catheter out of me and gave me a quick wipe. As the smarting subsided
she put a thick, clean pad under me and pulled some fresh panties onto me. My
bed bath was now complete. I was still trying to hold a straight face. 

&nbsp;

When she left, I turned, put my head
sideways on the pillow and sobbed to myself. I would have buried my face into
it if my nose hadn't been so sore. I curled myself up like a foetus and wished
that none of this had happened. I reached a finger down between my legs and
felt myself. I could feel the pad. I was scared to feel inside. I wished that I
could jump back in time. I would take my old life back. I would be drab and
dreary again. I would be boring and plain but I would be in control and safe
and I would have my own body. The more I thought about it the more I wept.

&nbsp;

The thought of harming myself crossed my
mind. I surprised myself with this but I was desperate. What if I just ended it
all? It wasn't going to get any better. What if I cut my losses and took my own
life? I could swallow some pills and it would all fade away. It was worth
carefully considering as I remembered that I had given my life away already.
Maybe I should steal it from Vivienne as a final 'fuck you'. It would have given
me great pleasure to annoyingly snatch a stalemate from her won position. I
hated her so much now; she had taken everything from me. She had made me have
obvious, big tits. She had interfered with me in other ways that I didn�t
understand. I was so scared that I'd be made to show my breasts off, to look
like the kind of woman I despised. I gently put my hands on them. They were me
now, I couldn�t take them off.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Back in the car I sniffed back a sob.

&nbsp;

�Anita, be quiet�, came a voice from the
front.

&nbsp;

�Yes, Mistress�, I said, steadying
myself.

&nbsp;

From my right, in the seat next to me, I
felt fingers take hold of my hand. I looked at her. Lisa couldn�t speak to me
but her eyes were soft and understanding, trying to comfort me. I gripped her
hand and didn�t let go.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I had been surprised as I had sat in the
car. The nurse had helped me dress in the same clothes that I had arrived in
and had packed my bags for me. She had led me out to a waiting room where she
had handed the bag to a waiting, smiling Trisha. She had then left and returned
with a package. It looked like a small box measuring several inches along each
side. It seemed heavy and was wrapped in light brown paper, knotted with
string. Trisha took it and put it carefully in her own bag.

&nbsp;

With the simplest of controlling gestures
she led me outside and sat me in the back of her jeep, stowing the bags in the
boot. She hadn�t spoken to me but left me there for at least half an hour. I
had sat and sulked, dressed as a cheap slut again. At least my hair was tidy
and my face was clean, albeit colourful in its own way.

&nbsp;

I heard crunching on the path and turned
to see her returning, this time with Lisa. She was carrying a bag for her too
and in the other hand had another brown parcel, the same as the one she had collected
before. She opened the door on the other side and put Lisa into the seat next
to me. As she shut the door and went back inside we looked at each other in
fear and when Trisha was out of sight we rushed into a tearful embrace. I
quickly took her arms off me. I didn�t want us to get into trouble but I was so
glad to see her. I gave her a careful kiss and gripped her hand.

&nbsp;

Trisha got into the driver�s seat and
turned to face us. She broke into a grin.

&nbsp;

�Well look at my sluts now. Very nice.
Hot little bitches I think'

&nbsp;

She eyed us both up and down making
approving noises. She snorted, derisively at Lisa next to me with a look
contempt. Her face relaxed as she returned her focus to me, finally resting her
gaze on my breasts. She looked me in the eye and winked at me. Then she turned
back to face the road and laughed to herself. She turned the radio on and then
sped the jeep off, down the driveway.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

We arrived at my flat in record time,
Trisha liked to drive fast, frighteningly so in fact. She got out of the jeep
and took the bags out of the boot.

&nbsp;

'Out sluts', she snapped.

&nbsp;

We both got out.

&nbsp;

'Bring your bags and follow me'

&nbsp;

I was puzzled as both Lisa and I picked
up our bags and tottered after Trisha towards my flat. She let herself in, with
a key that she had obviously had cut for herself, and left the door open for
us. I stepped in after her with Lisa behind me, staring around inside. My flat
seemed, thankfully, much as I had left it.

&nbsp;

'Make me a cup of tea, Anita', came
Trisha's voice from the living room.

&nbsp;

I put my bag down in the hallway and put
the kettle on. I walked into the living room to check if anything had been
altered. It was all the same except for two large boxes set in front of the
television.

&nbsp;

'You now have a room-mate Anita', Trisha
said, 'Lisa here is going to be living with you for a while'

&nbsp;

We exchanged looks, this was not too bad
at all.

&nbsp;

'While you are here you may both speak
totally freely, if I am pleased with you that is. If not, you already know that
I can take your privileges away as easily as I can give them out.'

&nbsp;

It was true. She had all the power.

&nbsp;

'You still have some recovering to do
from your operations but that doesn't mean that we can't put the time to good
use otherwise. You, Bitch', she said looking at Lisa, 'strip. Now!'

&nbsp;

She began taking her clothes off.

&nbsp;

'Where's that tea, Anita?'

&nbsp;

'One minute Mistress', I said, hurrying
out to the kitchen. I wanted to be able to talk with Lisa. I wanted to keep
Trisha happy. I returned with her mug to see Lisa completely naked, lying face
up on my sofa. Trisha had opened one of the boxes and taken out a large but
mysterious, white electrical appliance. It had a number of leads and tubes attached,
I didn't recognise it. As I set down her tea on the table I watched as she
connected the various wires and plugged it in. As she turned it on a number of
lights flashed and some LED numbers glowed on a small faceplate.

&nbsp;

'You strip now too Anita and then come
here next to me'

&nbsp;

I quickly followed her orders, I was not
overly pleased to once again be naked, but was very glad to get the sore,
cutting straps of my shoes off the stripped, angry skin at the back of my
ankles. As I took my panties off, the thick pad stayed stuck underneath me. I
peeled it off. There was a small patch of reddish, yellow staining there but
nothing like what had been there earlier. Conscious once more of the florid
bruising on my battered body, I was about to kneel next to Trisha, near the
sofa. 

&nbsp;

'Hold it there, Anita. Stand up straight.
Let me look at you'

&nbsp;

I stood up straight, staying on tip-toes
because I couldn't flatten my feet. It hurt to have to hold my whole weight on
tiptoes; the first time I had stood without the support of high heels. My weak
muscles started to shiver and shake. I tried to hold myself still. I didn't
like her looking at me but I was much more scared of displeasing her. Moreover,
I wanted her to let us speak to each other. I almost wished I could put the
shoes back on as the discomfort grew.

&nbsp;

'Wow! Nice tits, slut', she said with appreciation,
'why not stick them out just a little more for me'

&nbsp;

I pushed them out as far as I could. She
chuckled to herself.

&nbsp;

'Yes, very nice. Turn around now Anita
and bend over, let's see all the goodies'

&nbsp;

I turned and bent to touch the floor.

&nbsp;

I felt her forcefully spreading my
buttocks. Then she gave a little contented chuckle and told me I could kneel
next to her.

&nbsp;

'Pull your legs up an spread them wide,
Bitch', she said, slapping Lisa on the leg. She raised her feet high above her
head and spread her legs wide, completely exposing her crotch.

&nbsp;

'Look at how smooth and soft her sweet
little ass is now', she pointed at Lisa's anus, ' yours is the same, Anita
darling. You've both had some bleaching tattooed all round your sweet little
ass-holes while you were asleep. It looks a lot less purple
and...well.....bowel-like now don't you think? A lovely, baby-soft pink. So,
innocent, so much more..............inviting.'

&nbsp;

I swallowed.

&nbsp;

'It makes you both look much more
sophisticated, believe me', now she was mocking us.

&nbsp;

'You will both be very special, very...',
she looked into my eyes,'....desirable when I am done with you. That's what you
always wanted isn't it, slut? You wanted men to lust over you.'

&nbsp;

'No!! Not like this!', I silently
protested. I wanted to be loved for who I was. I wanted to be beautiful, so
beautiful that it inspired irresistible attraction; who didn't want that?
Attraction, not lust; not crude sexual desire.�
I averted my eyes, I didn't want her to see the dissonance in my
thoughts. 

&nbsp;

There weren't many reasons I could think
of for making a girl's ass look pretty. I watched her, numbed, as she took a
tool that trailed off from the electrical appliance and held it up for us both
to see. It took my mind off my backside. It looked a little like a soldering iron.
It was essentially a handle with a thick umbilical connecting it to the box.
There was a compact, little button on the handle and a short needle a it�s tip.
The needle tip was much, much finer than a soldering iron's. It looked like it
would bend if you blew on it.

&nbsp;

Trisha unhurriedly took her cup and
sipped her tea.

&nbsp;

'Watch closely Anita. This is an
electrolysis machine. It's for hair removal. The little needle tip here fries
the roots of the hair follicles, where they grow from. It's like plucking the
hairs except they don't come back afterwards. It just stings a little bit when
it fires'

&nbsp;

With that she carefully put the tip into
the root of one of Lisa's leg hairs and pressed the button. The machine buzzed
and I could see a tiny patch of whitened skin under the surface. As she pulled
the needle back the hair fell off of it's own accord and Trisha smiled
contentedly.

&nbsp;

'There you are you see. Really not too
bad', she said hanging the probe back on the machine, 'I can assure you that
it's not rocket science. It's not difficult to find the right part of the hair,
it's just very boring and very, very time consuming. Normally this machine
would be used to remove a few stray hairs on the eyebrows or around the lips.
It's a top of the range machine so you are both very lucky'

&nbsp;

With this last remark she smiled at me
and took a long drink from her mug.

&nbsp;

'You try it Anita'

&nbsp;

She put the probe in my hand and guided
me to sit over a quivering Lisa. 

&nbsp;

'Relax, both of you', she said moving my
hand so that the needle touched the tip of another hair.

&nbsp;

'Now. Just work it down into the follicle
a little.......There, that's it......Now zap it'

&nbsp;

I pressed the button, the machine buzzed
again and the hair floated off.

&nbsp;

'Well done', she said cheerfully, �now
carry on repeating that, Anita. I want you to be confident with the technique'

&nbsp;

With that, she got up and took a seat at
my dining table. I took the needle to another hair and once again zapped it. I
did it again and again, each time the tiny hair detached and was swept away by
the currents from my breath. I looked up to Lisa, I didn't want to be doing
this but I had no choice, I was commanded. She shook her head at me trying to
smile but I could see that she was upset. She didn't want me to feel bad
though, God she was so sweet!

&nbsp;

Trisha let me carry on for another ten
minutes. She had bought a newspaper on the journey back and was casually
flicking through the stories.

&nbsp;

'Well done Anita, that's good. What a
quick learner you are! I'm sure that will come in very handy', she flashed me a
demonic grin, 'Now let's swap places. You lie down there and you, Bitch, get up
here and take this'

&nbsp;

I lay down on the sofa and Lisa took up
the instrument. As before, Trisha took her through the technique, demonstrating
the proper method first. As the machine buzzed I felt the mildest nick above my
ankle. That was fine, I had thought. I was more nervous when Lisa took up the
tool and I could feel her unsteadiness. She got it wrong the first few times
and buzzed the wrong parts. It didn't hurt any more than before but I gathered
that she wasn't doing it right.

&nbsp;

'You are quite a stupid bitch aren't
you?', Trisha asked her.

&nbsp;

Lisa kept quiet and ignored her.

&nbsp;

'I see. So you like to not speak....Eh
bitch?'

&nbsp;

'Please answer her', I was thinking, I
could see where this was going.

&nbsp;

'Yes, Mistress Trisha. I am quite a
stupid bitch', came her reply. I wanted to be relieved but her tone had not
been at all respectful.

&nbsp;

'Oh, I know that already, slut. You
clearly need to think about your manners I think'

&nbsp;

'No Mistress, I am very sorry', she now
realised that she had made a mistake.

&nbsp;

'And to think, I was going to let you
both chat away today as well'

&nbsp;

'Please Mistress, she didn't mean it', I
had blurted out. I was anticipating punishment and I so didn't want to have my
speech confined again.

&nbsp;

'Don't you dare tell me the way things
are either, slut', she snapped at me, clearly displeased. This was not going
well. I whimpered. I just wanted things to be a little easier if they could be.

&nbsp;

'I can see you both need to learn
lessons. You need to learn that those mouths are now our property, that they
respond promptly when talked to and that they don't interfere in things that
don't concern them. I will deal with this in a moment'

&nbsp;

Turning back to me she caressed my leg.

&nbsp;

'You won't ever have to shave these again
Anita, think how much better that will be'

&nbsp;

She moved her hand upwards.

&nbsp;

'You will remove all the hair on each
others legs. Then you will attend to this', she grasped a pinch of my pubic
hair and tugged roughly on it, 'all of it, so there's not a hair left. Get
round the back as well, I want you both beautifully bare all down here. Then do
each others armpits and all down each others arms. Then do any stray hairs on
your faces, round your lips or on your necks, backs or belly'

&nbsp;

I was looking up at her in absolute
horror. She smiled back at me

&nbsp;

'That's right Anita, you'll be
baby-smooth all over. Not a hair on your body'

&nbsp;

She stood up. Her face hardened.

&nbsp;

'Now. Up sluts! Stand there', she pointed

&nbsp;

We both got up and stood side by side
facing the window. She went to the other box behind us and I could hear her
removing something.

&nbsp;

'Now then. Open wide Anita'

&nbsp;

I opened my mouth as I felt her hand
behind my head.

&nbsp;

'Wider'

&nbsp;

I opened it all the way. I felt something
around my head and then, suddenly, something large, thrust into my mouth. I
tried to let out a muffled noise but she was pulling it further in. It felt
like a thick rubber shaft, filling my mouth. I tried reflexively to spit it out
but there were two straps, one on either side. She grabbed one in each hand and
pulled hard so the thick rod was pulled much more deeply into me, jabbing at
the back of my throat, making me wretch. I was frantic and wide eyed as she
buckled the strap behind my head, yanking it and tightly securing it in place.
I fought to keep my hands at my sides throughout, I knew that the last thing I
should do was anything to aggravate her further. It was all I could do to not
reach up and tear the vile intrusion from my throat. My eyes watered as I
swallowed on it, the foul rubber slipping over the back of my tongue and throat
as I gulped. While I was struggling to hold it together she fitted Lisa with
the same device. I could see a thick strap around her head holding it in place.
I could see that she was gagging, and hating it too. Trisha stepped back in
front of us and smiled.

&nbsp;

'You will wear these for two hours and
then two hours a day afterwards. I hope you are pleased with yourselves about
this. This will punish those displeasing throats for you. I strongly recommend
that you take the time to think very carefully about how you want to speak to
your Mistress, and whether she wants to hear it. Two hours can very quickly
become four or six, so be careful'

&nbsp;

I cursed Lisa to myself and then quickly ticked
myself off for it. It was not her who was forcing us to wear these gags. I
couldn't get comfortable in the damn thing, it was so horrible. 

&nbsp;

It wasn't long before I was back on the
sofa with Lisa zapping me again. In no time Trisha was getting ready to leave.

&nbsp;

'Remember sluts. Two hours a day in the
gags. You will not touch your own gag. You can gag each other and be sure to
fasten them tight. You can choose when your two hour slot is. With the hair
removal, take turns on each other. You have three days. There's food in the
kitchen so you have no need to leave the house. You remember all that you
stupid sluts?'

&nbsp;

It was not easy to forget. We both nodded
in our gags.

&nbsp;

'If I find a single hair on either of you
when I come back....well, I think your Mistress has offered you both
alternatives should you not wish to devote yourselves fully to her. These will
be realised for both of you if I find a hair between you. Three days is not
very long for two whole bodies. You will have to work long and hard to do it,
so get on with it'

&nbsp;

With that she turned on her heels and
left. I looked up at Lisa. Her brow was furrowed in deep humility, I could see
she was so sorry about the gags. I held her arm and tried to show her that it
was all right. She held up the electrolysis tool. She was not at all happy to
make herself an instrument of my torment. I pointed to my leg and nodded at
her; we had to do this, there were more terrible things than depilation. I was
trying not to think about what would happen when she finished my legs.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 10



 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-12-08T16:46:00Z
  2006-12-08T16:46:00Z
  1
  1586
  9045
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  75
  21
  10610
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 10

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

By the end of the morning we took each
others gags out. It was wonderful to finally be free from the gagging and to
have the constant pressure relieved from my throat. My jaw had started to ache
intensely from being held open. Though it felt much better to be able to
finally relax it, every time I moved it to speak, I was reminded of how sore it
was.

&nbsp;

After Trisha had left, we had cuddled for
about five minutes and then decided to carry on working. Lisa had picked up
speed at the electrolysis and had got about halfway up my calf. I looked at my
legs. Since I had last shaved there were short, dark stubs starting to grow
back. It was easy to see the targets and where they had been obliterated. I
touched myself on the patch that was bare. It was perfectly soft and smooth,
permanently.

&nbsp;

'I'm so sorry about the gags, Anita',
Lisa had said,' please don't hate me for resisting her. I just can't take it,
not from her'

&nbsp;

With that she had dissolved into a stream
of tears.

&nbsp;

'There, there, it�s
okay', I said holding her, rocking her gently, 'let's take a break and I'll
make us some tea'

&nbsp;

She buried her head into my breast.

&nbsp;

'They are turning us into whores aren't
they?' she said, looking up into my eyes. 

&nbsp;

I looked away.

&nbsp;

'I don't know, Lisa, I really don't know'

&nbsp;

'Come on Anita! We've got big tits. We
can't walk without the help of fuck-me heels! They�ve had our assholes bleached
for fuck's sake! What else could it be for?!'

&nbsp;

I started to cry too. I didn't want to be
made into a slut. I stood up and scampered out, on tiptoes, to the kitchen. I
wanted to forget the whole idea and started hurriedly to make drinks.

&nbsp;

'Please don't be upset with me, Anita',
she had followed me and was standing in the doorway. She came up behind me and
held me.

&nbsp;

'I'm so scared too�, she pressed her head
into my back,� At least we have each other now'

&nbsp;

She turned me round and lifted my teary
face to look at her. She tried to smile. I tried to smile back. We held each
other again, both in tears.

&nbsp;

'I'm so glad you are staying here you
know', I sobbed to her.

&nbsp;

'So am I, you're all I have now', she
sobbed back.

� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

By the end of the day we were both bare
on one leg each and I had taken all the hair off up to above Lisa's mid-thigh.
It had been a monotonous, repetitive exercise but we were both getting much
faster and more efficient as the day wore on. We had been able to talk,
unrestricted, for the first time. There had hardly been a moment of silence
between us since we had taken the gags off. It was as if, by talking, we could
take refuge within each other, away from the terrible reality; away from the
tyranny of our Mistresses� plans for us.

&nbsp;

It had been truly cathartic for me to
tell her my story. I had not been able to speak to a soul about the details of
my subversion and subsequent torment. I told her everything, all the terrible
details and she listened patiently, as she worked on my leg. By the end, she
was in tears for me. She didn�t seem much surprised by any of it. I was sure a
lot of it was very familiar to her. She told me how brave I was. She kissed me
and told me that other girls wouldn�t have made it this far, that I was made of
tough stuff. I didn�t feel like it. She then told me what had happened to her.

&nbsp;

She had been married, as it happened, to
a wealthy man. He had made his money selling beer; owning several large
commercial breweries and a handful of internationally recognised brand names.
She had met him several years ago by which time he was already a dashing, young
multi-millionaire. They had quickly fallen in love and were married after only
six months. She had been so happy with him to start with. Things had,
unfortunately, turned very sour when, fairly recently, she had discovered that
he had been sleeping with his secretary. After hiring a private detective, she
found out that she was only one of many other women in his life and that he was
not only a serial adulterer but a regular at a number of different strip clubs
and brothels throughout London. She had been devastated. She had confronted him and told him of
her plan to divorce him. As a lawyer herself she planned to take him for all he
was worth. 

&nbsp;

It had been around this time that his
sister had contacted her. They had never really known each other too well but
she had been very keen to help support her, during this difficult time. Her
sister had told her how her brother didn�t deserve to have such a wife after
the way that he had behaved. She was so apologetic for his behaviour and took
it upon herself to make amends in the name of her family. Lisa had, after some
initial suspicion, warmed to her and accepted her peace-offer of a course of
relaxation sessions. The idea was that it would help to relieve the
considerable stress that she was facing. She had been introduced to Dr Vivienne
Black who was a good friend of her sister-in-law and things had gone from
there. Now, her brain had been treated and she was completely at her
sister-in-law�s mercy. Trisha had told her, in no uncertain terms; that she
would be terribly punished for presuming that she could attempt to ruin her
brother. She had told her that she had always despised her and had felt that
her brother had married far too far below himself. She had told Lisa that she
was no better than a common street-whore and that she would see to it that Lisa
understood that and was reminded of it every day of her life. As well as that,
Lisa had simplified her divorce settlement so that she would take none of their
joint assets. She had instructed her firm that she just wanted an immediate
annulment of her marriage without a difficult courtroom struggle. She had, of
course, signed all the relevant paperwork, rendering herself destitute. She had
then resigned from her job and transferred her flat and other assets to Trisha.
She had moved out to come to the clinic and now my home was where she would
live and the small bag from the clinic, the sum of her possessions.

&nbsp;

We had stopped stripping each others
hairs to hold each other.

&nbsp;

�I know you have been forced to come here
Lisa. But I want you to know that you are so welcome here in my house. Please
try to see it as your own, as ours, somewhere shared�

&nbsp;

I decided that then was a good time to
show her round.

&nbsp;

'Come, let me show you round', I said
trying to sound as enthusiastic as I could. It was a pretty pointless exercise
as she had already seen all the rooms except the bedroom. I just wanted to try
and raise our spirits a little. I wanted her to feel welcome, especially as I
now knew she was otherwise homeless. 

&nbsp;

I showed her where everything was kept in
the kitchen; where all the food was stored and the freezer. I showed her to the
bedroom. As I opened the door I was a little startled. There was a suitcase
there.

&nbsp;

'My things!� Lisa exclaimed, obviously recognising her luggage. As she picked up
the case and laid it on the bed, popping the catches, I noticed a letter
resting on the pillows. As I picked it up, I noticed the word 'Sluts', written
in thick black ink; it was addressed to us. 

&nbsp;

With a feeling of dread, I took it and
opened it. 

&nbsp;

It said that from now on we would be both
sharing the only bed in the house; my single. It then said that as a part of
our 'training' it had become necessary for us to start to master the sexual
arts. Every night, until told otherwise, we would sleep together, during which
time Lisa would be required to bring me, with her mouth only, to orgasm. I
stared at it, taken aback as Lisa took it from my hand and read it herself.

&nbsp;

'No!' she said, 'I can't do that, Anita'

&nbsp;

She looked up at me, and I at her. 

&nbsp;

'We must', I said, 'We have no choice'

&nbsp;

'God damn it, Anita! There's always a
choice! This has gone too far. I say enough!'

&nbsp;

'Don't be stupid, Lisa. What can we
possibly do? Eh? What can we do?�

&nbsp;

I knew that a refusal on her part would
count as one for me too.

&nbsp;

'We're helpless', I was starting to shout
at her, 'we're fucked! Can't you see that? They have complete control over us.
Any &quot;choice&quot; we think we have is what they are allowing us to have.
What choice do we have? It's either do what they say or be punished. And then
maybe they'll make us do what they say anyway by commanding us to. No, Lisa,
the only choice we have is, we do it now or we get punished and then do it
later'

&nbsp;

'I know that, Anita. I'm just saying that
there may be another way out of this. It's not good but it's the only one with
any dignity, I can tell you that much'

&nbsp;

With this, she turned away and looked out
of the small bedroom window.

&nbsp;

I was silent. I had had those thoughts
myself.

&nbsp;

'We'll be gradually forced to do more and
more demeaning things until life will truly be worse than death'

&nbsp;

She turned around again, solemn and
deadly serious.

&nbsp;

'We could choose to take control.� Her
hands were formed into fists �We could end this for each other, painlessly.
What else do we have to live for now, hmmm? I don't think you want to be a slut
and I sure as hell don't'

&nbsp;

We looked at each other, silent for a
minute. I could see the logic behind what she was suggesting but I couldn't
bear to think about the actual execution. I had never thought that I would be
seriously considering anything like this. I had always thought that however bad
life got, there would be a way to cope with it. Things had clearly changed.

&nbsp;

'Look, if we are going to disobey then
that means we have to do it now, or very soon', I said. 

&nbsp;

Lisa nodded in agreement.

&nbsp;

'And.......I don't think I'm ready to do
that yet, Lisa', I looked at her through a blurred teary vision, 'can we not
think about it just a little longer. It's such a big step and once we do it,
there couldn't be any going back'

&nbsp;

'So you want me to have sex with you then?'
she asked.

&nbsp;

'No! No! I don't want that at all,
Lisa!.....Please try and understand that I find the idea as revolting as you
do', I implored her,' I think we need to buy ourselves more time to think,
that's all'

&nbsp;

She turned away and paced up and down. After
a few minutes she said, 

&nbsp;

'All right. I'll do it. I agree that we shouldn't be rash about this but we
should set a time. If things aren't improving by then, then we must go through
with it. I suppose it will give us a chance to prepare anyway. If anything else
happens though, we should just do it. I don't know how, find a railway line or
jump in front of a bus or something, anything. I'm not having that bitch do
much more of this to me. You understand? There's only so much I can take and I
can't take much more, Anita'

&nbsp;

'I understand, Lisa, believe me. Come on,
let's get back to the electrolysis or we'll definitely be made to suffer'

&nbsp;














PART 11

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-12-14T23:34:00Z
  2006-12-14T23:34:00Z
  1
  2297
  13098
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  109
  30
  15365
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






PART 11

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

That night we brushed our teeth, turned
the light out and got into the bed together. There was an uncomfortable silence
for a minute and then she rolled to face me and held me.

&nbsp;

'I've never been with a girl before', she
said to me.

&nbsp;

'Me neither', I said.

&nbsp;

'If I was going to be, I would want it to
be someone like you Anita. You're a beautiful person, really you are, you know
that?� she stroked my face.

&nbsp;

'Aww!..........Thank you!� I had said,
genuinely touched.

&nbsp;

'Now, they will know if we fake this, so
we have to do it properly'

&nbsp;

I nodded.

&nbsp;

'Just try to relax and enjoy it, that's
the best way for both of us'

&nbsp;

With that she backed off under the
covers.

&nbsp;

I couldn't believe the situation I was
in. Here I was, in my own bed, with another woman about to kiss me in my most
intimate, sensitive area.

&nbsp;

I felt her hair sweeping down my breasts
and then my belly until I could feel it brush over my pelvis and thighs. It was
soft but electrifying as it brushed, leaving a trail of charged, static
pleasure, sensitising my skin. Oh God, I was enjoying it! I felt an
overwhelming sense of embarrassment as I realised that another woman was
exciting me. I swallowed. I wanted to tell her to stop but my rational self
told me that it would be a futile exercise; that we would just have to begin
again and repeat it anyway. 

&nbsp;

�Yes, best to get it over with� I
thought, as Lisa had said. I felt her body fall between my legs. Oh God! With a
resigned reluctance, I opened them, spreading myself timidly before her.

&nbsp;

I felt her hands take my hips and hold
me. I felt her moving closer, I could feel her breath between my thighs and her
warmth on my lips below. God it felt good. I couldn't believe how good it felt
or that I was letting myself feel this way about it. It was supposed to be a
perfunctory exercise, a mechanical exchange that would let us tick our box and
move on to another day. But I was enjoying the touch, the feel of another woman
on me, it was all wrong. I started to cry. I bit my lip; she mustn't know I was
crying. We must get it over with, with as little fuss as possible.

&nbsp;

Was I a Lesbian for feeling aroused? Oh
God no! I thought to myself, I was normal; a normal woman. I was attracted to
men. 

&nbsp;

I felt something soft and warm, gently
running up my lip on the right.

&nbsp;

'Oh!� I moaned.

&nbsp;

The tongue moved down again leaving a
trail of swelling warmth behind. Reflexively, I tried to lift my hips slightly,
but they were controlled by her hands and held down. I wanted her back on me. I
wanted more of the touch. I could feel my clit hardening, like she also wanted
to lift herself up, in need, to her lover.

&nbsp;

Then, I felt a deep warmth as her whole
mouth cupped me. She closed her lips, sweeping together across my engorged
folds and then, with a kiss, upwards to surround my throbbing clit. I shook
involuntarily with the exquisite touch but was again, held fast. She nuzzled my
hood upwards to further bare the tender flesh beneath, ready for her tongue.

&nbsp;

'Oh, my God1', I moaned as the tears
dried on my hot, flushing cheeks and I felt the firm snaking of the tip of her
tongue around my tensely swollen bud. I was so totally, so disturbingly
aroused, completely at her mercy as she ran slow, tiny pleasure circles around
me. I was burning with guilt at my apparent homosexuality as the overwhelming
sensations coursed through me. It felt so good and I knew it was a bad idea to
stop. I took my mind wandering, to imagine that I had a gorgeous, strong man
between my thighs. A man so overtaken with how beautiful he found me, so
enamoured with me, that he longed to give me the most extreme pleasures
imaginable. He would make me feel such a devastating feminine beauty in the
depths of my being; he would make me understand how beautiful I was.

&nbsp;

'Oh!' I moaned in tension as the lapping
on my clitoris drove me into a rampant frenzy, 'Oh!.....Oh!'

&nbsp;

I felt her reach deeply inside me. With
the speed of her entry and the ease of its accommodation, I realised that I
must have been sopping wet with lust. The image of the soft, mocha skinned
beauty between my legs flashed into my mind as I closed my eyes in denial at
what I had become. Then she was back on my clit with fast flicks, I couldn't
stand it. I caught my breath as she gripped me and forced me to stay still,
receptive to the unbearable pleasure she was giving me. I submitted to it. Then
I wanted it. As I felt a tide of orgasm building I started to gasp uncontrollably
and moan in complete abandon. Then, without a choice, I came. I almost screamed
with the most intense, earth-shattering orgasm I have ever had. My whole body
coursed with the rolling waves of climax until I was so sensitive I couldn't be
touched and had to jerk myself away.

&nbsp;

'Oh, my God!� I breathed, catching my
breath.

&nbsp;

Lisa ducked out from the bottom of the
bed and hurried to the bathroom. I heard her spitting and running the taps. My
pleasure soon left me as I was brought back to the reality of the situation.
This was not love. It was rape; I had raped her mouth as she had been forced to
pleasure me like a sex slave. A colossal guilt swept up inside me as I bent out
of the bed to try and see her, to make sure she was okay. I heard her washing
her mouth out and then brushing her teeth.

&nbsp;

It was about five minutes before she came
back and crawled into bed beside me. She avoided my eyes. I was so upset that I
burst into tears, saying I was sorry over and over. She held me but didn't say
anything. I could tell that she was more than a little overwhelmed herself. I
hated that I had caused her to feel that way. It was as if my pleasure had
become her misery, as if I had stolen her good feelings. 

&nbsp;

I cried myself quietly to sleep that
night as she faced away from me. Later that night though, when I turned over in
my sleep, I thought I heard her sobbing

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The following day we had risen early and
had taken a quick breakfast. Lisa apologized to me for the night before, saying
that it had been very difficult for her to come to terms with being with
another woman, especially being forced to, against her will. She stressed that
it had nothing to do with me and that I should not feel bad about it in any
way. She said that she hated the total control that she was held under and that
with every abuse that was forced upon her, she felt that a little of her soul
was being forever wrenched away. I had kissed her and stroked her as she lay in
my lap. After a few minutes, she had hugged me, composed herself, and then
pulled me over to the sofa to start the electrolysis. 

&nbsp;

We had decided to get the gags out of the
way and wore them straight away. They were just as unpleasant as the day before
but we got on with our task together. On a couple of occasions I had to fight
to keep my breakfast down. By the end of the morning the gags were off and we
were making good progress; there was not a leg hair left on either of us.

&nbsp;

We were contemplating the next stage, the
humiliating removal of our pubic hair. I had said that I thought it would make
me feel child-like, pre-pubertal but also more exposed; that I would have
nothing to hide behind. Lisa pointed out that it was practically mandatory in
the sex industry to have a shaved sex and that it was an incredibly slutty
gesture. She said that she wouldn't like anyone to see her bare like that, that
she would feel terribly ashamed. That didn't help me with the task at hand and
I had wished that she had kept that to herself as it added another dimension to
my humiliation.

&nbsp;

It was then that the doorbell rang. We
looked at each other quizzically and I grabbed up my robe, donned my slippers, and
went to answer the door. As I pulled it open, I was confronted by the towering
figure of Dr Vivienne Black. She was dressed in a long black coat and a black, wide-brimmed
hat. The corners of her deep, dark crimson lips curled upwards into a snarling
smile before she opened he mouth.

&nbsp;

'Pick those up, girl, come back inside
and get that robe off'

&nbsp;

She brushed me aside, striding into the
living room. There were two large bags waiting for me on the doorstep. I
grabbed them; the right hand one being weighty, the other one light; and
hurried back inside. By the time I was in my living room, Vivienne had removed
her coat and hat and had sat down. She was wearing a light grey skirt-suit of
fine wool. Her hair, as usual, was pulled into a high ponytail. I could see,
now that her hat was removed that it was bound tightly with a piece of thin, knotted
black leather; gone were the soft, feminine flowers she often wore there. Lisa
was kneeling at her feet with her head pressed down to the floor. I hurriedly
pulled my dressing gown off and threw myself on the floor, my head down against
the carpet.� 

&nbsp;

'I have two boots. One for each slave
girl', she kept her legs crossed; 'lick them clean. Now!'

&nbsp;

We both swallowed, I took the foot
dangling above the ground and immediately started licking at it. She was
wearing a pair of knee length, lace-up, black leather boots with high stiletto
heels and long toes. The boot before me was not dirty save for a few specks of
dried dirt towards the lower edge. I licked at them with as much enthusiasm as
I could muster; I wanted them to be spotless for her. The bitter taste of
polish and the smell of the leather were not that bad. I would much rather have
devoted myself to that task than risk one of her terrible punishments. Vivienne
curved the pointed toe of her hanging boot outwards, so that I could lick the
other side. To my right I could see Lisa applying herself with the same ardour,
bending herself around to the back of the foot, licking at the beige leather
underside of the arch of the boot.

&nbsp;

Vivienne laughed. 

&nbsp;

'That's it. You little bitches are not
good for anything else yet so you�d better make sure you give them a damn good
clean now; lest I decide that you are completely worthless and decide to
dispose of you both in some unpleasant way'

&nbsp;

She lifted the foot that I was licking. I
immediately started lapping at the mud on the spike heel. I swept my tongue up
its entire length to catch the tiny splashes of dried puddle water that
peppered the jet black, matt veneer on the horizontally grained, wooden heel.
At the very top of the stiletto, after it curved upwards and backwards to
smoothly join the leather; I attended to the back of her heel. I worked my
tongue into the line of tiny stitching that formed a tight seem behind, hugging
the back of her foot, working loose the little mud that had collected there.

&nbsp;

'Good girls!� she cooed, 'from now on,
whenever I enter your room; that is how you will greet me. Understand?'

&nbsp;

'Yes Mistress' we said in unison. 

&nbsp;

�Your Mistress likes her boots to be
shiny and clean. If I ever pick up any dirt on them, I expect you to beg to be
allowed to clean it off. If you ever allow me to walk in dirty boots I will
have the soles of your feet beaten, severely. Do you understand that sluts?�

&nbsp;

�Yes, Mistress� we both repeated.

&nbsp;

She bent over to eye her boots and inspect
our work. We both pressed our faces into the carpet in submission.

&nbsp;

'I see you have both learned a little
more of your true place. Now, both of you, stand up. Let me see you.
Attention!'

&nbsp;

We both jumped to our feet, the toes of
them anyway, and stood before her, eyes straight ahead. She stood, taller than
either of us in spite of our tiptoed stance. She regarded me with a feline
smile.

&nbsp;

'You're nose and lips; the swelling has
gone down now. That is how they will be. Have you seen them today?� she asked
me

&nbsp;

'No Mistress. I have not looked at myself
today'

&nbsp;

She reached into her handbag on the table
and took out a vanity mirror. She handed it to me.

&nbsp;

'Look at yourself'

&nbsp;

I looked into the mirror. My nose was
still a yellowy-brown as the bruising was fading but the shape was no longer
masked by the inflammation. The bony lump at the top of my nose was no longer
there. Instead I had a smooth, cute, slightly upturned, petite and pretty nose.
Its only downside was that it looked like every other generic 'perfect plastic
surgical' nose. My lips were still full and bulbous, I gasped as to my mind
they were still too swollen.

&nbsp;

'Yes, Anita, you almost have a lovely
face now�, she stroked my cheek softly, �yes, very pleasing, both to me, your
Mistress, and, you will find, to men too. Pleasing because of its aesthetics,
you look sexier now dear'

&nbsp;

I jumped a little as she stroked my
breasts, 

&nbsp;

'But also pleasing because your surgery
was designed to be less subtle than is currently possible. I want your face to
look like it has been operated on. I want people to see vanity when they look
at you; the sad vanity of the wannabe slut; the willingness to please and the
willingness to conform to a man's needs. A girl who will put herself under the
knife shows her devotion and commitment to being a real slut'

&nbsp;

She laughed

&nbsp;

'And then there are your huge bulbous
lips. They just scream 'slut', don't they?'

&nbsp;

'Yes Mistress', I looked down briefly and
then corrected myself. I could feel my eyes start to dampen.

&nbsp;

'They'll look even better, enhanced with
an eye catching gloss I think. Lovely tits as well, Anita, by the way. You look
like a sycophantic little bimbo don't you, so eager to be a man�s wet dream?'

&nbsp;

She looked me in the eye with a gleeful
glint.

&nbsp;

'Yes Mistress'

&nbsp;

'Tell me, Anita, are you looking forward
to showing those tits off?'

&nbsp;

'Yes, Mistress', I said. I wanted to be
fully cooperative with her the tears in my eyes doubtless betrayed my true
feelings. She snorted.

&nbsp;

'Your tits are still healing. However',
she leaned very close to my ear and cupped my breast 'when they are ready we
will inject the implants with more liquid. We'll do it gradually, slowly, so
the skin has time to grow. Then, when you have lovely big whore�s tits, we'll
have a nice, big, permanent implant fitted. That's right, your tits have still
got quite a way to go, and already they are big enough to turn heads. How do
you like that?'

&nbsp;

I was starting to break down. I broke my
position and turned to look at her. 

&nbsp;

I dropped to my knees and put my hands
together in a praying gesture.

&nbsp;

'Please Mistress! Please don't do that to
me! My tits are big already, lovely and big, I already look like a whore.
Please let them stay as they are'

&nbsp;

I bent down and kissed her feet again,
throwing myself into it in the hope that it might save me.

&nbsp;

'Awwww! Poor slave', she stroked my head.
I felt slightly comforted, maybe she would be merciful. Maybe my Mistress would
take pity on me?

&nbsp;

'Stand again'

&nbsp;

I returned to attention. She held her
finger over her lips in mock contemplation. She quickly nodded her head, having
thought about it.

&nbsp;

'But you'd look so right as a big-titted
slut, Anita. I'm afraid I must insist, so we'll say no more on the matter� she
gave me a sickly sweet smile �Now, Mistress Trisha tells me that you have a
lovely little anus as well now and I can see that you are both longing to wear
high heels too. You will thank your Mistress later when you appreciate that you
will have a lot more control in high heels now. The unfortunate side effect, as
you have already discovered, is that you will be quite unable to stand with
your feet flat, ever again! So its slutty stilettos from now on for both of you
I�m afraid'

&nbsp;

She cast her glance over Lisa, next to me
and then told us both to kneel again.

&nbsp;

'Now then my little novices, I have some
presents for you both'

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 12

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  279
  2007-01-08T23:43:00Z
  2007-01-08T23:43:00Z
  1
  1680
  9578
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  79
  22
  11236
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 12

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Only a week ago, a gift from Vivienne
would have had me brimming with eager anticipation. Now, it was with trepidation
that I watched her reach into one of the bags that I had fetched in for her. 

&nbsp;

This thought made me realise that it had
only been a week ago that I had been revelling in glorious attention at the
yacht ball. Her gifts to me had been; choosing that perfect, demure dress; and the
priceless pearl jewellery. I remembered how it had been that night; how I had
been a lady. I muffled a sob at the thought of how steep my decline had been
since then. I had gone from such a peak, to such an unfathomable trough in just
seven days.

&nbsp;

'These mark your gradation from clueless
little bitches to proper, aspiring slaves. These will help in your training
and, later on, they will allow much, much more'

&nbsp;

She removed something from the lighter
bag. As she moved closer, I could see that she held two leather straps, a
single gold buckle on the end of each. I had been thankful that it hadn�t been
some other hideous devices to torment us. She came to stand in front of us. I
could see that one of the straps was a natural, light tan colour and the other
was a studded patent white. She turned the leather straps so the darker, rougher
and unpolished side of the leather faced us. On the inside of each there were
two prominent gold studs spaced about two inches apart.

&nbsp;

'These are collars for you both', she
said.

&nbsp;

She took one, the tan coloured strap and
started to fix it around Lisa's neck while she remained obediently still. Then,
I dared not move a muscle as I felt the cool leather strap of the white collar,
first at the back of my neck, then winding round until I felt it�s pressure
around my whole throat and it was buckled tightly behind. I didn't dream of
reaching up and touching it so I stretched my neck out to let it sit more
comfortably. I could vaguely feel the two studs on either side of my windpipe,
although not uncomfortably so. I couldn�t fathom their purpose.

&nbsp;

Vivienne stood back in front of us and
regarded us with satisfaction. She sat down in her chair and crossed her legs
again.

&nbsp;

'You will wear these when you enter the
house and all the time you are inside. Keep them by the front door hanging on
the coat pegs when you leave and put them on as soon as you enter. They are
several things to you now. Not least of which is that they are symbols of your
ownership. In donning your collar you will acknowledge to yourselves that you
are kept properties, animals, and as such you have obligations to please your
owner, your Mistress. They make pretty decorations to you both as well. I'm
sure you will find that Mistress Trisha has chosen the colours wisely and with
a careful eye on the final looks that she wants you both to have. They both
suit you quite nicely already'

&nbsp;

She leant forward and stroked my collared
throat.

&nbsp;

'They have much, much more important
functions though'

&nbsp;

At that, she stood up, leaving us
kneeling in the same place.

&nbsp;

'You have both been, in your later
therapy sessions, conditioned to respond to certain key words'

&nbsp;

She strode gently behind us.

&nbsp;

'You may remember feeling different after
those sessions. That's because you were being taught to suffer. You have been conditioned
to experience pain, truly horrible pain; and with it, the most unbearable fear.
I have trained you to experience absolute terror'

&nbsp;

She was right behind us, her head bent
almost between us.

&nbsp;

'It is the mother of all understatements
when I say that I have programmed you both with very, very unpleasant
punishment routines. I have tapped into the deepest, darkest and most painful
parts of your brains and installed little switches there, pain amplifiers if
you will'

&nbsp;

I felt a hand on my head.

&nbsp;

'It is possible, at a command, to put you
into this punishment state for a time. My other girls try very, very hard to
avoid their punishments, so fearful are they of them. I assure you, as it is
with them, so it will be with you two. It will help to keep you���..focused�

&nbsp;

She smiled. She turned her attention to
Lisa.

&nbsp;

�The collars that you both wear act as
safety devices; you must be feeling the studs pressing against your neck for
the punishment to occur. It�s to stop the unlikely event of someone
inadvertently using the word while you are out, triggering the sequence. Anyone
who knows the word can punish you, you see? Eventually that may be quite a
number of people. All of whom you will have to be totally obedient to�

&nbsp;

I shuddered.

&nbsp;

�Don�t worry about being free from
punishment though, you can be commanded to put the collar on first, and if I
want you to be punished while you are out somewhere, you can be made to take it
with you. Maybe you will wear it outside as part of your outfit, if Mistress
Trisha wants you to look like that'

&nbsp;

My heart raced with fear as I felt her
hands come onto me from behind, caressing the leather fastened to my neck.

&nbsp;

�Why bother with all this if you are both
my obedient slaves already?�

&nbsp;

She looked at us as if we had asked the
question.

&nbsp;

�Now I could have you mindlessly follow
any orders I give you; but that is not what I want. It would be far too easy;
and where would be the fun in that�

&nbsp;

Again she smiled ruefully at us.

&nbsp;

�I don�t want my slaves to be cloned
automatons, mindless trained sluts who repeat the same behaviours over and
over. I want you both to develop yourselves into the natural slaves that you
are both meant to be. I want your individuality forced through into your final
states and held there for everyone to see. I don�t want your souls buried
beneath a weight of commands and programming, I want them helplessly exposed
and forced along; nailed to the front of the engines of your slavery�

&nbsp;

She was lecturing now, gently pacing
backwards and forwards.

&nbsp;

�To achieve this, it is necessary for you
to be free to experiment within your lessons a little. Soon your training will
begin. You will be set a number of tasks. Some of them will be very specific,
but others, you will have to find your own way with. In all of them, anything
less than complete devotion and successful completion will indicate punishment;
and it will be unpleasant�

&nbsp;

She stroked the side of my head

&nbsp;

�You will learn that the last thing you
want to do is fall below standard, believe me. No matter how awful you think my
tasks are, the punishment for not complying with them will be far, far worse�

&nbsp;

She casually stepped back in front of us
and sat herself down in the chair again. She crossed her legs. She was in total
control.

&nbsp;

�Now that I have seen how my two sluts
are coming along, I am almost ready to go. Just a couple of further things
before I leave you to get on with stripping those sweet, little cunts down�

&nbsp;

I was totally still and docile. I
desperately did not want to try this new punishment.

&nbsp;

�We are going to install a few things
about the house; all things to help with your training. You will soon be
recovered enough to start working properly; fit enough to start your training
in earnest. I hope you will both work hard for me, very hard. I hope you will
both apply yourself to your studies. You will learn the arts of sexual pleasure
and the different disciplines of pleasing.�

&nbsp;

�I will have you taught how to behave,
how to walk, how to talk and how to move. You will study how to dance and how
to show off those lovely slutty bodies. You will be forced to drive men wild
with desire. You will learn how to be hot, irresistible and available; and you
will learn how to satisfy the lust that you have stimulated. Most importantly
of all though, you will eventually learn that you must be continually improving
and developing yourselves. That�s what makes MY girls so special. You will contribute
ideas towards your own training and then be submitted to them. We will have
little interviews so we can direct your progress. You will finally become
independent, self-directed little whores, devoted to my purpose.�

&nbsp;

She sat back and smiled to us with
satisfaction.

&nbsp;

I could not believe what I was hearing. I
was to be trained to be a sex slave,� a
prostitute, a whore!...And worse than that, I was not only going to have to
work hard to learn my new role but I would be punished, horribly, if I was not
good enough!

&nbsp;

I was so completely cornered; there were
no options available to me. While every instinct that I had wanted to me to scream
�No!� at her, I knew it would do me no good and worse, it might earn me
discipline. At the same time, it was inconceivable that I could accept the plan
that she had just laid out for me. I was intelligent, educated and from a good
background. I wasn�t to be a whore! I just couldn�t be! That was for other
women; lower class women; women who didn�t have the dignity to get a proper
job; women who were just natural sluts. Not for women like me, not for someone
who was too sensitive and enlightened!

&nbsp;

I wanted to tell her that she had the
wrong girl, that somehow she had taken the wrong person. All I could do was
look down in misery and try to hold back the tears. I had dared not even open
my mouth; such was her domination of me. 

&nbsp;

�Before I go, I thought it might amuse
you both to see these�

&nbsp;

She unpacked the other bag, the heavy bag,
which she had brought with her. As she took them out, I immediately recognised
the two packages that Trisha had carried from the clinic on behalf of Lisa and
me. They were still in the same brown parcel wrap and string. After briefly
examining them she handed one to Lisa, the other to me.

&nbsp;

�I have a little hobby connected to my
work. I�m something of a collector you know�

&nbsp;

She motioned that we should open the
packages.

&nbsp;

�I wanted you to see my latest pieces,
before they are set in their places in my collection. Do be careful with them
now girls�

&nbsp;

She was smiling sweetly now. It sent a
sharp, metallic chill cutting through my soul. It was like she was some dark,
festive bringer of gifts. I hesitated. She motioned to me again, less sweetly,
and I reluctantly tore at the paper.

&nbsp;

The paper was several layers thick; the
packaging on the heavy box had been generously layered. As I scratched away the
final sheet in one corner I felt a smooth, cold surface. Scratching away some
more I could see that it was glass; glass with some kind of fluid inside.

&nbsp;

I was so scared. I looked up at her
sardonic grin; her cold, sadistic eyes enjoying watching me, like I was a
spider having her limbs plucked for her amusement. She bade me to continue.

&nbsp;

I flipped the string around the corner of
the box on one side and slid the remainder of the packaging off en masse. 

&nbsp;

I stared at it. It was a glass box,
perfectly filled with an umber liquid. Floating in the middle was a ragged,
brown mass. It looked like some sort of triangular lump with a pair of trailing
water-swollen appendages. It was hideous.

&nbsp;

I looked up questioningly. Her expression
turned to one of glee,

&nbsp;

�They were removed vaginally. It just
wouldn�t do for either of you to become pregnant and in your line of work,
periods are a nuisance�

&nbsp;

I dropped to my knees. I could see my
ovaries swaying in the wash as I hit the floor, the specimen box held up in
front of me. I felt the box lifted away from me as she reclaimed her trophy. 

&nbsp;

I would never have babies.

&nbsp;

I broke down and wept.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 13

 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  94
  2007-02-08T01:32:00Z
  2007-02-08T01:32:00Z
  1
  1253
  7143
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  59
  16
  8380
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 13

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As I opened the door I caught my breath.
There were two women standing there, neither of them were familiar, that didn't
stop them practically walking through me. Unable to protest, I watched as they
carried in a stack of boxes. Having piled these in the front room, they went
back to their car and came back with even more. As an inert bystander in the activities
in my home, I had returned to the sofa and stared at the floor for a minute. I
had been scouting for any rogue hairs left on Lisa. Watching the girls out of
the corner of my eye I tried to carry on; I could not see any, she was as
smooth as a baby below the hairline on her head. She had just finished looking
me over. I had stood naked in front of her with my legs spread while she had
examined me. I could feel every stir and eddy of the air as a cool brushing on
my sensitive bald skin. Nowhere was I more conscious of this than in the area
that was accustomed to being sheltered with pubic hair.

&nbsp;

I had grabbed my short robe to answer the
door and could feel the crisp autumn air rushing in against me.

&nbsp;

With a slam of my front door, the two
women set down the rest of their boxes.

&nbsp;

'You are to stay out of the way and keep
quiet while we work', said one of the women. I knew that I was bound by that command;
I could feel when a message was aimed at Vivienne's control system within me.
It seemed that anyone could be given access to this since she had fitted it. It
was like a parasite in my head, I almost wanted to smash it clean open and rip
at my brain; such was my frustration. I gritted my teeth and once again
accepted that I was a controllable 'slave-girl'.

&nbsp;

I looked at the nearest girl. She was in
her early thirties, I thought. She was immaculately figured, with short-cropped
bleached, blonde hair. She was a tall Amazon, a classical Germanic beauty. Her
accomplice was a smaller, but no less beautiful, red-head. She had the same
low-maintenance hairstyle as other girl but was wider in the hips. Both were
dressed in practical, forgettable, grey overalls.

&nbsp;

I had turned back to Lisa as they had
started to unpack. The cool air had lifted some microscopic hairs up on her
forearm. I was thankful for the luck as I set to them with the electrolysis
probe.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was two days after Vivienne's visit.
As I fried the tiny patches beneath the hair follicles I realised that I was
sitting almost in the same place that I had been when Vivienne had crushed me.
I had been revolted, in equal parts, at her depravity and how I was so
helplessly subject to it. Her vile, psychopathic 'hobby' of storing the removed
wombs of her victims revealed just how unhinged she really was. That anyone
could gain pleasure from that was twisted and warped beyond my comprehension.
The fact that it was she who was my Mistress was starting to fill me with
nihilism. I would never be able to live a decent life, I was sure that she
could not possibly be planning that for me. Maybe the only way that I could
live would be to avoid her punishments. It struck me that to try and live
between the gaps of her strict regime would be a progressively futile
enterprise. Maybe I would just have to go with it. Maybe I should simply no
longer care, as my caring just gave her ways to torment me; but then that was
the kind of person that I was; I had morals, aspirations and ideals; I couldn't
just erase them.

&nbsp;

I had always thought, in fact I had
known, that one day, I would get married and have children. She had now torn
that from me, quite literally, to become a decoration in some macabre display. On
that day, I had started to carefully count my blessings, as I had no idea when
the next atrocity would be afflicted on me, nor what it would be. Maybe my
hands would be cut off next, so I should just enjoy having them; or maybe she
would blind me, for fun; so I should cherish every single vision, even the
terrible ones. It seems to me that there is only so much fear that a woman can
live in before she starts to change, irreversibly. In the most perverse,
deconstructive way, she had almost rendered me enlightened!

&nbsp;

After she had left, I had locked myself
in the toilet for two hours. I'd tried to take a razor blade to my wrist but I
knew that I would be forbidden before I could pick it up. That was the final
straw, the death blow, checkmate against Anita. I couldn�t even kill myself.
'Fuck it', I had thought. I resigned. I gave up my resistance that day. Having
lost everything, my fear had started to give way to an abandonment of concerns.
It was almost liberating. I knew I was fucked, fucked up beyond all hope, but
maybe I could scavenge some grains of enjoyment from this somewhere. Maybe. I
would try.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

There was a thump to my left. I returned
to my work, studiously ignoring our most recent intruders. The girls were
obviously well drilled and experienced. Within an hour they had set up two
computers in the front room. They had set up a secure internal network and had
fitted cameras in each room of the flat. These were apparently 'wireless' and
each looked down from one of the ceiling corners so that the whole room was
within its range. The blonde girl had done the fitting while the red-head had
spent her time at the keyboard, configuring the system, I supposed.

&nbsp;

When she had set up all the cameras, the
blonde girl started connecting leads to the other computer. There were a number
of units, mounted in a rack that needed to be wired to the computer. After she
had done this, she went back to the car and returned with a large, padded
sausage-looking thing. It was about three feet long and about a foot in
diameter. She took a number of sturdy, adjustable metal poles and fitted them
to the sausage. As she turned it upside down and stood it on its four legs, it
reminded me of a vaulting horse. She screwed an umbilical cable into the horse
and connected the other end to the rack of boxes. Another trip to the car and
she came back with a clinical, white case which she stowed under the horse.
Finally, it was all set up. They arranged it so that one computer was facing
into the room while the other had its screen disconnected and was secreted
inside a cupboard. After this, they both cleared away all the boxes, collected
their tools, and without a word, left.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I zapped the last hair that I could find.
I wanted this job done well and Mistress Trisha would be here soon, she had to
be satisfied. We had packed the electrolysis machine away and were just letting
our curiosity pull us towards the new equipment when, true to her word, Trisha
arrived. She let herself in.

&nbsp;

She was dressed in a stunningly cut black
trouser suit; her hair was pulled tightly up before billowing outwards as
fluffy shocks of wavy curls. She was an incredibly attractive woman but it was
her deportment that carried her towards near perfection. Lisa and I had
discussed our plan for her arrival. As she stepped gracefully towards us, we
both threw ourselves to the floor on our bellies and, naked still, we started
to vigorously lap at her boots.

&nbsp;

'Good sluts!� she said, her pleasure was almost
palpable.

&nbsp;

She let us clean her boots for a minute
before getting us to our feet. She had us standing with our legs widely spread
and our arms up at ninety degrees. She took a magnifying glass from her bag and
gave us a serious look. I was not religious, but I had prayed that we had done
our job properly. She started with Lisa. Her magnifying glass had a light on
the inside edge of its rim; there was no way that she would miss a single hair.
I shut my eyes and prayed again.

&nbsp;

The tense minutes dragged out further and
further as Lisa's body was scrutinised to the minutest detail, we were all in
absolute silence. I could hear Lisa breathing rapidly next to me, I wanted to
reach out, hold her hand and tell her that we were in this together. I stayed
motionless as Trisha straightened her back and, in silence, moved over to me. I
was shaking as she looked me over. One minute she as under my armpits, the next
she had me pulling my buttocks aside.

&nbsp;

'Mmmmmm, look at that lovely soft pink
rose, Anita' 

&nbsp;

I let out a surprised little scream as I
felt her fingernail rub against the inside of my anus. Shocked with myself, I
immediately pulled myself back to attention. Trisha giggled.

&nbsp;

'Sit down on the sofa, girls', she
finally said. Her voice was relaxed and playful, 'had we done it?� I dared to
think.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 14


 
  Don Lardini
   jim
  2
  1
  2007-02-08T01:35:00Z
  2007-02-08T01:35:00Z
  1
  1649
  9402
  Global WE OWN THE LOT inc.
  78
  22
  11029
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 14

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The tiny muscles that ran from my inner
thighs to my deep pelvis burned and the skin above them screamed as it chaffed
and bumped angrily into the padding. Beads of sweat ran in highways down either
side of my face, so intense was my concentration. My mind was focused on the
thick shaft that I was milking, desperately following every command from my
uncompromising silicon task-master. First I was tensing the muscles low down
near my opening and withdraw until I could just grip the head of the training
prick. The screen would let me know if I was gripping firmly enough; and if I
wasn't, I would have to repeat the manoeuvre again and again until I could do
it. A meter on the right hand side of the screen bobbed up and down. At the
moment it was hovering at the middle of the scale, in the �yellow� zone, and
that was the cause of my intense efforts. I could see a little further down the
bar, in the lower �red� zone; there was a black line with the words 'immediate
punishment' unequivocally awaiting any slip in my performance. The machine had
taught me a number of different patterns or 'strokes' and was now alternating,
apparently randomly, between them. I had been standing over the horse, wearing
my white heels, fucking the accursed thing for half an hour now and was quite
exhausted. The machine was completely disinterested in how I felt though and so
I was summoning every ounce of strength to keep the needle up and to keep from
failing. 

&nbsp;

The only respite I was getting was on the
'head ride' command, where I lifted off the shaft and caressed its end with my
lips. Then I rapidly dipped onto the tip, lapping around the side of its
'glans' with my inner lips on the way back up. It gave my pelvic muscles a
break. The other strokes demanded a co-ordinated squeeze from various parts of
my vagina. It had started very slowly and clearly with me but had rapidly
adapted to my learning of the manoeuvres. Had I known that this would happen, I
would have tried to be a little more 'stupid'; �wasn't retrospect a great thing�
I reflected as the instruction changed to 'deep head fuck' and I once more
rammed my inner thighs down onto the horse and tensed my power-depleted deep
muscles on the head and shaft, hoping that the pressure transducers there were
merciful to me. On this occasion they weren't.

&nbsp;

'Fucking hell', I screamed as the number
'20' appeared signifying how many repeats I had to perform to address this flaw
in my abilities. As I gripped it for all I was worth, knowing that I had enough
strength for maybe one more try. The number dropped to nineteen. The bar on the
right started to slowly drop.

&nbsp;

It was with tears rolling down my face,
my teeth gritted and a constant shouting of 'Fuck you!!,
Fuck you!!', that I managed to work my way through. The needle hovering over
the instant death zone proved to be a horribly efficient motivator and to my
astonishment I worked off my 'deep head fuck' debt. I hoped that I hadn�t
ruptured my recently cut vagina, the burning was so powerful.

&nbsp;

Finally the machine let me go. I had fucked
it for almost an hour and was totally spent, saddle-sore and beaten - by a
fucking machine. I never looked at it the same way again and whenever I was
scheduled to return to that saddle, I counted down to it with absolute dread.

&nbsp;

Trisha had set me going on the trainer
before she had left with Lisa. She had said that we would both be 'rewarded'
for having satisfactorily stripped each other. She was going to oversee Lisa's right
then and I was to await further instructions after I finished my training. I lay
on my back, the taste of salt in my mouth, sodden with my own sweat. I was
exhausted and my sex ached in ways that I never imagined it could. I wondered
how long it would take for me to become strong enough to keep it up for a whole
session. I had no idea then that a 'session' was a fluid rather than a fixed
entity.

&nbsp;

The screen beeped loudly and as I turned
to look at it I was met by an ominous looking set of instructions and diagrams.

&nbsp;

'Shit!� I thought.

&nbsp;

'Fuck!!� I thought as I noticed that
there was a timer counting down where the performance bar had been.

&nbsp;

I quickly summoned my faculties and
started to follow the precise instructions. 

&nbsp;

The phallus disconnected from the top of
the horse. I could see the numerous connections on it's mating below as I un-clicked
it. It was heavier than I anticipated, obviously a very complicated and
sensitive piece of engineering. The screen showed me where to re-attach it - on
the side of the horse. I clicked it on. Without further ado, the screen changed
colour and started to lay out the learning objectives and rules for the
oral-training mode.

&nbsp;

'NO!� I wept, my fingers clenched,'
please, I can't do any more' 

&nbsp;

I kept my blurry, tear-filled vision on
the screen in case I missed something, but I wanted to stare at the camera in
the corner and plead. I didn't even know if anyone would be watching.

&nbsp;

After taking in the basic rules, most
worryingly of which was the instant punishment 'teeth contact rule', I had my
lips around the shaft, my teeth well away from the plastic. I could smell my own
pussy on it and could taste the drying mix of artificial lubricant and my own
juices. I felt like the lowest, most depraved little bitch as I clung onto the
shaft; there was a penalty for letting go as well. I sobbed to myself as I followed
the programme through to the letter. After a few minutes I was actually glad
for the time spent wearing the penis gag as I would not have been able to have
deep-throated the huge prick without it. As well as that, I would not have had the
stamina in my jaw to have completed the programme with brushing a tooth against
the penis. It kept teaching me how to suck cock for half an hour.

&nbsp;

When the screen finally relented and let
me go I lay in a ball on the floor. I wept with relief and massaged my jaw muscles.
My tongue ached from licking, my lips from sucking and my throat felt sore and
swollen from the uncompromisingly deep prodding I had been forced to withstand
when I had had to swallow its entire seven inch length. 

&nbsp;

Feeling deeply humiliated and ritually
violated I pulled my knees up close to my chest and waited for the screen to
beep and make me take the thing in my ass. I was, if nothing else, becoming
more of a realist.

&nbsp;

I was surprised when it told me to take
two paracetamol, two ibuprofen, drink a pint of water
from the fridge, thoroughly bathe, wash my hair and then go to my bedroom
table. The screen then blacked out. I noticed that the power lights stayed on
for the rest of the system though.

&nbsp;

As I lay in the hot, scented bath-water
sipping the icy drink, I felt better. I rubbed at my thighs and gently stroked
my sore pussy lips, trying to work the residual pain away. The cold water felt
good in my throat. I was glad when the taste of the probe finally started to
subside. I looked at the clock, still before midday. I held
my nose and bent my knees so that I was submerged in the soothing water. My
eyes tightly shut; I tried to convince myself that I was still in the womb, far
away from my reality as a novice prostitute. In the moments before my air ran
out I imagined that I was just getting ready for another boring day at the
office. I tried to feel the mundane safety that, until so recently, had been my
life. As I gasped in the air and opened my eyes, the first thing that I saw was
the brown-yellow of the bruising around the nipples of my swollen tits; there
was no getting away from it.

&nbsp;

In the bedroom, following the
instructions that Trisha had slipped onto my dresser, I blow-dried my hair.
Using hairspray, I was to shape it as instructed. She had left a series of
diagrams and even some photographs of other girls. It was the opposite of how I
had done it before, instead of calming my curls I was actively blasting the
hair outwards and holding it there with the spray.� It was all blown up and away from my face.
The mane at the back was similarly blown upwards and infused with spray to make
it look �big�. The shaping that she had cut into it the week before now
appeared to have another purpose. Curls that had flown down around my face now
arched upwards defining the outer border of a sheer volume of loud red that to
me, and probably most other people, screamed �attention-seeking bimbo�. As I
saw how the style was supposed to look, I found myself primping here and
correcting there before locking the whole �slut-do� in place with the best part
of a can of hairspray.

&nbsp;

As I looked at myself in the mirror, the
image of this girl flashed into my mind. I saw her with her eyes closed, her
lips massaging the base of a huge cock, the tip twitching in her throat as she
swallowed again and again sending waves of pleasure coursing over its head and
causing it to pump its load deep into her. As I parted my puffy, collagen lips
slightly, I could see that I now looked every inch the part; and that was just
the hairdo.

&nbsp;

Working my way down Trisha�s list, I
removed the varnish from my nails and re-applied the new colour that she had
provided. I looked at the bottle, the shade was apparently called �Playmate
Pink�; a glossy silvery pink lacquer could be seen behind the logo of a
smiling, buxom cartoon glamour-girl. True to its name it looked like the colour
a porn star would wear. The obedient girl that I am, I
applied it perfectly to every nail on each hand and foot before replacing the
cap and waving my hands to dry them.

&nbsp;

Then I made myself up. Exactly as I was
told, I applied a generous cake of foundation to cover the remaining bruising
on my face. Then I carefully put on a light metallic blue eye shadow, blending
it laterally with a silvery white shade. I followed this up with plenty of
blush and a lip gloss that partnered the nail varnish. My new bubbly lips
looked huge and moist with the light metallic pink gloss. I then took a
purple-red lip liner and worked a careful line around the gloss on my lips. It
emphasised them even further and created a look that could only be described as
�dirty�, no self respecting woman would wear make-up like that. It made my lips
look like just another inviting pleasure organ. 

&nbsp;

�My God!� I thought as I looked at the whole picture. I was scared at how
good a slut I made, at how the looked seemed to work so well with my features.
I realised that I looked like a gorgeous, glamour girl. I looked good enough to
be a pin-up, a man�s wank-fantasy. I gulped at what I was becoming; there was
no way I could be seen like this.

&nbsp;

I opened the bundle on the bed and pulled
on a pair of soft grey pants and a grey pullover. It was a relief to not be
completing the porn star look. Finally, I slipped my newly painted feet back
into my white sandals, wound the straps up and around my ankles and buckled
them on. Following the final instructions, I grabbed a pair of my old flat
shoes to drive with, picked up the street map that Trisha had left and made to
leave the flat. I unbuckled my collar and hung it next to Lisa�s on the coat
peg on the way out.

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 15

 
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2007-03-10T00:29:00Z
  2007-03-10T00:29:00Z
  1
  2947
  16802
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  140
  39
  19710
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

PART 15

&nbsp;

As I
pulled the handbrake on and stopped the engine, I looked at the three ladies
standing in front of the car.

&nbsp;

Trisha,
the stunning natural beauty that she was, looked effortlessly magnificent in a
light, beige, long coat with a tan bag and high-heeled boots. Her hair was free
and her wild curls erupted in a sprout; bouncing with life as she moved.

&nbsp;

Vivienne,
who was merely �very physically attractive� at her side, made herself at least Trisha�s
equal with her elegance, taste and class. Today, she looked disarmingly
feminine. She wore a belted purple overcoat over what looked like short purple
trousers. I recognized her deep purple boots from our first shopping trip, I
had been dazzled by their �650 price tag as we had walked through the boutique;
and Vivienne had the bag to match them. Her hair was combined back and knotted
with a purple lily and her make-up was soft making her too unbearably pretty.
She looked incredible. To look at her you would never imagine the kind of woman
she really was.

&nbsp;

The real
shock for me though, was Lisa. What a change they had made! 

&nbsp;

Her hair
was cut into an ultra-modern bob with a chaotic, shaped, side-fringe hanging
down at one side; it shimmered with random high-lights. She wore a tight,
sculpted, but immaculately cut, black suit with a micro-mini skirt. The lapels,
a thick band of cream silk, matched a line which ran round her upper thighs, at
her hem. Her toned legs emerged in white stockings and, already lengthened by
the tiny skirt, ran all the way down to a pair of incredibly �designer�, black
leather, t-bar shoes that lifted her a full four inches on needle-like
stilettos of dark mahogany. Platinum hoop earrings and a tiny bag around her
shoulder finished the outfit. I looked at her. Her shoes alone were worth
twenty times what I was dressed in. I had expected her to be a �slut� by now. 

&nbsp;

I got out
and shut the door. 

&nbsp;

'Now Anita, you're going to be having a lovely afternoon with us. So
give Lisa your car keys. I assume you brought some other shoes to drive in?�
Vivienne said 

'Yes, Mistress, I did' 

'What a good girl you are. Today I think 'Miss' or 'Miss Black' will be
fine, okay sweetie', she smiled at me. 

I didn't quite know how to react. 

'Thank you, Miss Black', I said and smiled at her. 

'You're welcome sweetie. Now show Lisa into your car and then come
along' 

Trisha snapped her fingers at Lisa, who hurriedly teetered over to my
car. Lisa looked terrified, and as soon as her back was to the other two I
could see tears forming in her eyes. Vivienne and Trisha became occupied with
each other, chatting and looking the other way. 

'What's the matter honey?' I asked, as soothingly as I could. 

Lisa looked at me. She stepped past me and opened the door. She sat down
in the drivers seat and as she set about unbuckling her shoes; 

'They punished me'

She spat the words out in a tight sob, her brow furrowed and trembling
as she looked up at me. I could see that it must have been bad, she looked like
she was only just managing to hold it together; to not collapse against the
steering wheel in tears. 'When I get home.......I......will be punished
again.....' she looked up at me, half blankly, half in terror, 'Anita, it's so
horrible! Please beg them not to, please say that you will, please, you have to
help me', she was grasping my hand, pleading, as if I could help her, the tears
now ready to drip from her eyes. 

'Of course I will!� I clasped her hand, 'Oh Lisa, I'll be back for you
later okay' 

She sniffed. I looked up, Trisha was looking at us. 

'I have to go now', I wished I could have stayed and comforted her but I
knew that it would not do to keep BOTH my Mistresses waiting. I walked back
over to them, accentuating my hippy wiggle; I wanted them to see my obedience,
that I was being a good 'slut'. 

'You see. Now MY little slut is much better behaved, aren't you Anita',
Vivienne seemed extremely happy. 

She pulled out her mobile phone and showed it to Trisha. She smiled.

'See how well she did this morning' 

Trisha looked over to the car as the engine started and scoffed at its
wretched driver.

'Enthusiastic little cock sucker aren't you?� Vivienne giggled, turning
the phone my way. She beckoned me over to look at the screen. I saw myself
naked, sweating and sucking off the dildo in my front room. I gasped to myself
as I realised that she would always be able to have her eye on me. Whenever I
was in my home she would be able to see me and what's more, I would never know
when she was watching.

'The machine stats are very encouraging too', said Vivienne
matter-of-factly. Clearly, she also had access to all the information from the
computer. Trisha gave her a wry smile.

It was like they were discussing a horse in training, rather than me;
like I was an animal; or a project. As well as that, for some reason, Vivienne
seemed to be rubbing Trisha's nose in my 'good' performance. It was like there
was some sort of friendly rivalry between them over Lisa and me and Vivienne
was my advocate. All I could do was stand there nervously, trying to avoid
unnecessary eye contact, shifting uncomfortably in my high-heels. 

'Off we go then', said Vivienne. She beckoned me over to her and then
took me by the arm. Trisha walked on the other side of me and took my other
arm. It was deeply unsettling as we strolled together like three close girlfriends
towards the building. 

I must have been as tense as a board as we walked, our heels clattering
together in random polyrhythms against the tarmac.
Vivienne confided in me, close to my ear

'We've got the whole afternoon for shopping now. You will let your
tensions go so you can be relaxed, open and honest'

She stopped and stroked my cheek gently.

'There now', she soothed. I relaxed a little and swallowed. I looked
into her eyes. Her face was soft and comforting, like it had been when I first
me her, but her eyes, I could only look at them for a moment before I was overwhelmed
with her power. I felt her primal, basal, cruelty as I felt her gazing deeply
into my soul. I felt faint. I tried to speak.

'Ssshhhh, Anita', she soothed.

I started to feel different; more relaxed yet more vulnerable at the
same time. Vivienne smiled at Trisha and we started walking again. As they led
me around to the front of the building, I felt clear headed and completely 'in
the moment'. 

We were on one side of a large outdoor market; it brimmed with activity.
The large building was obviously some kind of ultra-low budget clothes outlet,
one of a number of such stores around the market's perimeter. True to form, the
windows were plastered with large signs with 'massive discounts' or '75% off'
primitively daubed in thick marker. There was a steady but scanty trickle of
customers milling around, apparently the bargains were not as enticing as the
adverts would have had us believe. 

I was led inside and immediately seated at a table. There was a small
tea stall set up to one side. Trisha went over, returned with three steaming
polystyrene cups, and soon was huddled next to me, with Vivienne sat across the
table smiling at me.

'Now. We're going
to work on some ideas for your new look, darling. I think that you want to be a
cooperative, �good
girl with this, don't you?'

'Yes I do Miss Black, very much'

'Good', she smiled,� because your friend had other ideas and I think
she's already regretted her decision. You see, she decided to try and keep
things from us, she was trying to hold back and not be honest with us, we could
just tell'

With that last remark, she exchanged a wicked smile with Trisha.

'Enough about her though, let's talk about you sweetie as it's you we're
shopping for. Now we have to be focused here. Do you remember the Spice Girls?'

I looked at her, dumfounded, completely wrong-footed by her question. I
nodded a cautious 'Yes'.

'Good. Now they had something for everyone right? Blonde, red-head,
black girl, all that crap yeah?'

I nodded again having no idea where this was going.

'Well we want you to become one of our 'Spice Girls' as it were. We've
done our market research pretty thoroughly and we've identified a hole to fill.
We know what role we want you to take, think of it as like a vacancy, and it's
a part that you are going to grow into. I choose my girls very carefully, the
advert you replied to was designed to attract a certain type of girl'

With that she reached over and stroked me again, this time, it seemed,
with some genuine affection

'We knew you could look the part, the first time you walked into my
office. But it was only when I probed you a little that I realised what
potential you really had. You're a very bright girl Anita.............and an
incredible prude'

I blushed.

'I need girls that not only fit the programme looks-wise but who can
learn well and have an eye for detail....And you my dear fill the bill
perfectly. Now I've just 'disinhibited' you a little,
you will have little choice but to be honest with us, all afternoon. We're
going to make you tell us some of your deep, dark secrets!'

She clasped her hands together, half in mock excitement, but only half.

'Now I want you to think, and tell us how you think we should have you
look. I want your ideas for a nice, trashy look. You're going to be the 'filthy
red-head', our cheap-looking, hot, hussy'

She leaned over right into my face

'The real fucking dirty bitch of the pack. The guys won't be able to get
enough of you'

Oh my God! This was going to be so bad. I swallowed and felt my head
swim a little.

'So tell me how you're going to accomplish this look for me. I want
something special or there will be......consequences'

With that she sat back, took a sip of her tea, smiled and stared at me
expectantly. The last word, coming from Vivienne, was something that I very
much wanted to avoid.

I knew that whatever Lisa had done, she had tried to lie, or at the very
least, she had omitted something important. I knew I had to start talking and I
knew I needed to come up with something convincing. I also knew that I would
probably have no choice anyway and that Vivienne possibly already knew what I
would say or very probably some part of it

'To hell with it', I thought, I would have to be honest with them,
otherwise they would see straight through me. I blushed and then tried my best.
I opened myself up to them.

'Well, I think Miss Sanders ideas for my hair and make-up are a great
start', I began nervously,' when I saw myself in the mirror, I felt like a
really trashy bimbo. My lips especially, they make me feel like a porn girl'

They were both silent.

'My white shoes make me feel really trashy too', I began again,� I�ve....kind
of always though of white stilettos a being really......well......very cheap
and nasty. I�ve never worn them before and to me they�re very���..humiliating'

'Yes', said Trisha, 'that's why I chose those for you. We want some of
YOUR ideas now Anita, not ours'

I looked down, embarrassed but I felt that as the thoughts entered my
mind, I should be sharing them.

'Actually white stilettos are about as trashy as it comes for me. I mean
they are, aren't they?� I asked looking up, 'They just look so cheap, I mean
even really slaggy girls stopped wearing them years ago. When I wore them to
the clinic I felt so embarrassed. When I stood in front of that surgeon'

I knew not to hold back but blushed even more,

'That gorgeous surgeon, I felt like such a tasteless, cheap slut. I was
just dying'

'Good girl!� said Vivienne encouragingly, 'keep it up! Carry on.......shoes
are very important for a slut'

'I guess any cheap shoes with high heels really'

They both looked at me. I turned red again.

'Well, I mean, a pair of thigh boots is pretty trashy isn't it, you
know, like Julia Roberts wore in Pretty Woman. I mean, how about her whole
outfit'

I blushed again that I had made such a suggestion. What if they made me
wear that outfit?

Vivienne giggled

'Oh Anita, you're so funny! Trust you to like that film, I mean
&quot;Hey it's really fun to be a prostitute right?&quot;' she said laughing,
'what a crock of shit that was! You're right though about the outfit, very
whorish....but far too generic. Girls wear that to fancy dress parties. I want
something that's YOU, some outfits or ideas that would particularly affect you,
particularly.......humiliate you'

She ran her hand through my hair

'You are going to learn humility, and learn it well. Every girl has
something that does it for them. I have a girl who had a thing about facial
piercings; she also was terribly affected by something so
simple as wearing a dog collar. See, it's the little things that matter here.
Now she's my little punk slut by the way, and she works hard to keep improving
on her image. I want to know all the little things, all the important details
for YOU. The devil's in them. I want to know what makes you squirm
sweetie. All my girls have something. The white stilettos were a good start, so
carry on'

I paused for a second. Some images flashed into my mind. I closed my
eyes in despair. It was just so perfectly cringe worthy that Vivienne was
forcing me to be the lead conspirator in my own betrayal.

'A really short dress to let people see my legs in my white stilettos,
I've only had to wear them with trousers so far. I'm very uncomfortable letting
people see my legs bare, so a short, tight mini-skirt would really.....work
well'

I was looking at the table now; I was making myself very small indeed.
Vivienne took my hand and held it.

'Tell me more about the dress sweetie'

Although I was staring to get a little wet in the eyes, my voice was unquivering

'Well I was thinking of something pink or purple because that would really
offset the white shoes. It should probably lycra; cheap looking and tight on
me.........The ones that have a high neck but a hole to show some cleavage through,
do you know what I mean?'

I couldn't believe what I was telling them. This was my absolute worst
nightmare of an outfit.

'Yes dear', said Trisha,� that would be a great choice while your
breasts are still discoloured too. Clever girl! What else?'

I blushed deeply again, 

'Well......a dress with an open side, with
straps going across but so that you can see a lot of skin between. There
was a black dress I saw once that had these gold fastenings on the side of it,
I can't remember where I saw it but it was really, really tarty; I'd just die
if I went out in that. And..........I'm SO embarrassed at the thought of anyone
seeing my breasts.......so......any tops or dresses where I show cleavage. I'm
so embarrassed about my new breasts. I.......I...hate them so much'

I paused again, this time because of the swelling in my throat.

'You're making me very pleased Anita', said Vivienne,' we had to send
your little friend to sit in the toilet and be punished you know, because she
didn't just let it all come out, but you're my good girl, such a good girl!'

She returned to staring at me, clutching my hand. I felt like the school
bullies were being nice to me because they wanted something from me, or because
they were setting me up for something much worse.

'A tight leather skirt, a really short one', I said, ' a white one would
be the worst, but a red one would be bad too and I suppose pink or purple with
white stilettos would work well too'

I was getting into the swing of betraying myself and the ideas unfortunately
stated to come thick and fast.

'A matching leather jacket too, and under that
maybe a see-through top. Come to think of it, red heels are a good idea too. In
fact, the thigh boots should be white or red even, that would make them more
'me', more individual, rather than what Julia Roberts wore. And I'll tell you
what else, a pair of ankle boots that are lace-ups but with a high stiletto
heel. Oh and wearing dark tights with white shoes, or any tights with patterns
on. Maybe we could find some on-line that had special patterns on? Like maybe
crude images or something'

I looked up. Vivienne looked gob smacked, she was absolutely delighted.
I was thankful that she was happy but she needed to know it all. I knew I had
to tell her what I really hated.

'What I really think would work though, is lots of gold, or better, fake
gold'

'Oh yes!' said Trisha, ' you really are doing well Anita'

I never, ever thought that I would say this, 'My friend Melanie wears
these gold earrings; they're just what I mean'

Vivienne smiled at me 'I know the ones, I'm sure we can find some nice
big ones like that'

Twisting the blade in my own side , I continued,�
I could even wear more than one pair in each ear and they should be the same
style but get smaller as they move away from the front pair, or maybe just a
load of different clashing one, both would be kind of different kinds of �slutty�, maybe I should have a selection.......maybe
even���three���in each ear'

Trisha cleared her throat, a little pointedly

'Oh I think you can do better than that darling', Vivienne purred, there
was a slight warning to her tone; I shouldn't have tried to play a game; we
both knew that I needed more earrings than that on one ear. I could feel Trisha
gently squeezing my earlobe and running her finger up my ear. I thought about
the idea of having lots of earrings, I shook and tried to push the image from
my mind.

'Of course Miss Black, I could have my ears pierced many times. Many,
many times'

I looked down again in resignation. I may as well just carry on digging
the hole I was making for myself.

'Those handbags that have long gold chains to go over your shoulder?
They would &quot;work&quot; too.'

'Oh, this look's really starting to come together', Vivienne said
excitedly.

'Yes, very....co-ordinated', Trisha sniggered.

I remembered something else, oh my God.

'I could get a gold necklace with my name on as well. &quot;Anita&quot;,
written cursively'

Vivienne looked a little puzzled.

'Well, as well as looking totally, totally awful and tasteless.......I
would feel objectified..........labelled. I don't know why, but I even hate to
wear a name badge at work........I hate to be labelled.......I despise those
necklaces�����And if I was 'with a stranger' they would know who I was'

I turned a deep purple at my own afterthought.

'Oh I LOVE it!!� Vivienne grinned and clapped her hands together,� I
love that you want to be that kind of girl; that fucks before giving her name,
I love the name idea. I tell you what, that can be my special present to you
today. I�ll buy you that necklace!'

'We were thinking of changing your name though', Trisha interjected

'Yes, to something a bit more whorish', said Vivienne,' you know, like
Candy or Traci or something but with a bit more imagination. We haven't found
the right one yet though. Have you any ideas?

I thought for a minute.

'Well, Miss, I could.......er.......keep my own name. There are plays on
it that I could make, you see, like &quot;Anita man to fuck me&quot; or &quot;An...i-ta of cocks&quot;'

They both laughed together.

Vivienne reached over and kissed my face affectionately.

'You're a special one you know? �Anita� it will stay, I suppose it does
suit you anyway, especially with those lips, you're right; they are so made for
cocks right now. Any more ideas honey?'

'Well, one last thing. I saw a girl with a ring pierced through her fingernail;
I thought that looked pretty tarty too. Then I suppose there are body piercings'

Vivienne held her finger up to her lip.

'Not now darling. You've come up with plenty without piercings or
tattoos or anything like that. We've got enough ideas to get you stopping
traffic by the end of the day. And if you carry on being this good, then I
think we may be able to arrange a little treat for you'

I heard her drain the dregs from her teacup, I had hardly touched mine.
I tried my best to smile at her.

'Right, let�s shop!'

&nbsp;














PART 16

 
  Normal
   jim
  2
  49
  2007-03-20T23:27:00Z
  2007-03-20T23:27:00Z
  1
  1440
  8208
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  68
  19
  9629
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 16

&nbsp;

'Let's have a look then, stand up straight.'

I pulled the hem-line down and stood up as straight as I could. I was
wearing a tight, pink and white, tie-dye patterned dress. Its short skirt
stretched round my ass but very little more. It ran up to a thick band around
my throat which joined two larger bands, one on either side, running up from
the sides of my waist, outside and around each of my breasts. It zipped at the
back which pulled it tightly around me. The effect of the straps at the sides
of my breasts was to pull them together and upwards, creating a huge cleavage.
My mauled, battered orbs bulged out from it and the compression was
nauseatingly painful, it was still less than a week since my implants had been
installed. 

'I preferred the size down you know, she really spilled out of that one'

That one had been ridiculously tight everywhere, I thought that it might
tear when we fastened it and that was without me moving in it. My breasts had
screamed with dull agony in it.

'Yes, but she can 'grow into' this one. And this one actually fits her
round the ass'

They both giggled. 

It was like they were little girls playing at dressing their dollies
like whores; only I was the doll. I was hating every single second of this
shopping trip as I was coldly and precisely worked down the shopping list that
I had made for myself. In the process, they were going out of their way to
demean and shame me as much as they possibly could. I had to keep counting to
ten and telling myself to behave. They were making my whole whore idea come true;
it felt like I was having a living nightmare.

'That's definitely a keeper, now try this one'

As I unzipped my cheap Lycra number, Trisha handed me another dress,
this time a shocking pink-purple colour.

As I held it up, I despaired. Trisha grinned and gestured
enthusiastically that I put it on.

This one just slipped over my head and pulled down. There was a wide
halter-neck band, which was elasticated at the back, but there was no zip. The
dress stretched around me, it had dozens of centimetre wide, fibrous, elastic
bands spaced out along each side, up its entire length. The effect was of a
dress that had a front half and a back half connected by numerous strips of
pink elastic. I was essentially exposed for three inches up each side. As I
pulled it down so that the miserly hem rested at the very tops of my legs and
my breasts billowed out of the cups, they both giggled again. The loud pink
material at the front and back was ruched. It formed a line running up my
midline with the fabric folded to create a slight U shape; bowing gently
downwards on either side. At the back I could see that this accentuated my ass
cheeks, while at the front it served to exaggerate my breasts. The elastic on
each side and around my neck ensured that the material was skin tight. With my
face and hair the way they were, there was only one possible interpretation of
the look.

'How do you like this one darling?� Vivienne asked.

I looked at myself in the mirror and did a little twirl on my sandals. I
wanted to cry.

'It makes me look like a prostitute Mistress', I said sullenly, my head
hanging, 'I really hate this one.'

'Ooooo, a potential favourite there then', Vivienne cooed, immediately
sensing my true feelings.

She threw it on the same pile as the previous dress and we continued.

&nbsp;

We had started, earlier, by walking around the shop, specifically
looking for things that met the descriptions that I had given during my debriefing.
These had now become our 'objectives' but we were open-minded too. I had to
tell them if there was anything that made me feel strongly; in fact it was me
that had picked out every single dress that we were now trialling, including
the pink monstrosity I had just removed. The frustration in being the architect
of my own ignominy was enormous.� 

I had to stop myself stamping my feet in a desperate temper tantrum as
we continued with a crass, cheap looking, black velvet number that had gold
fastenings on the side. This one had only one shoulder strap and also exposed
my sides in the way I found so awful; but whereas the pink dress had had many
elastic bands, this dress had no elastic, it zipped at the back and had only
six gold bands fastening it on either side. The effect was to create much
longer, wider ellipses of flesh running up each side. The tacky gold look of
the fastenings; the give-away loose threads betraying its sweat-shop assembly;
and the fact that it was so horrible that no woman in her right mind would wear
such a thing, all justified its �3 clearance price tag.

'Now that's a real party number don't you think?'

The trailer-trash in the mirror meekly nodded her head; her lower lip
hanging sullenly.

'Touch up your lipstick, slut', Trisha hissed.

&nbsp;

As I went to the counter I had eight dresses, a selection of miniskirts
and a number of tops, all of them dire. Trisha had picked out some jackets for
me as well, two blue, one in tight stonewashed denim, the other in close
fitting, dark blue leather. I also had short, tight, faux leather jackets; one
in white, one in pink; with buttons that fastened around the collars. To enable
me to break the fashion �no-no� of combining matching leather, we had picked
out the two corresponding tight leather miniskirts 

The attendant looked up, made some pithy remark about me being their �shopper
of the year�, and gave me the bill. I met this with a brooding glare. Given
that I had bought half the store, it actually really was a bargain; although we
must have taken all their least desirable stock off them. In spite of the
�bargain� it was obvious, as Trisha and Vivienne strolled out of the shop, that
I would be paying for 'my new wardrobe'.

After storing the numerous bags in Vivienne's car, we moved on. As we
walked through the array of pet stores, food shops and cheap household stalls
in the market, I worried about where we would be going next.

'Now I'm sure it's somewhere.......Ah, yes', said Trisha and we all made
a bee-line after her. On the edge of the market place, in one of the buildings,
there was a 'jewellery' store. This was about as low-end as it was possible to
get. It struck me immediately that in such an insecure shop most of the 'gold'
wasn't even locked in cabinets. There were a few items on the back wall
intermingled with large signs boasting '24 carat' or the bluff, 'real gold'. I
had to close my eyes in despair; I knew it was a matter of time before I would
be wearing something from here. 

Vivienne was right about every girl having her own specific buttons and
I cold feel the fingers hovering over mine. As I tottered past a mirror and
caught another glimpse of my Barbie-doll face, freshly glossed lips and my
glamour-girl hair, my humiliation peaked further.

'Oh, now this is just perfect for you isn't it Anita', Trisha said
looking around, beaming. She lifted up a large pair of hideous triangular,
gold-looking earrings.

'Please no', I whispered to her. I knew it was futile but some
increasingly small part of me still tried to object.

She scowled and put her mouth close to my ear

'I don't like your attitude young lady. Not one bit. And your Mistress
has been so good to you as well', she snarled. She stood up straight and
composed herself. She thought for a second, then the corners of her mouth
curled upwards and her eyes narrowed.

'Just for that, you will go over of your own accord, and get your ears
pierced. I'm thinking of a number, and if I don't see at least that many studs
in each ear, then you will really be in for it. I mean that, I'm not fucking
around girl, what you've had up until now will seem like a fairy story. You can
decide how many earrings you will wear from now on but you better get it right'

'NO!� my mind screamed, 'don't make me do that!'

I shivered and looked up at her. I was small, miserable and too vainly
sorry too late. My eyes pleaded with her to relent, but also to not tell my
Mistress.

Vivienne had wandered to another part of the store, missing our
exchange. She held up a different pair of vile earrings, large and horseshoe
shaped.

'Oh, now aren't these just darling!� she said, sickly sweet.

Trisha looked at me.

'Do it now and then pick all the right earrings. If I'm happy with you,
this can stay our little secret. If not, then you'll be joining that other
little cunt in a punishment slot tonight and I�ll double it for both of you.
Now do it, or I�ll tell Mistress'

'Thank you Mistress!� I had gushed; I can remember an irrational relief,
almost an elation from the slight mercy of her not telling Vivienne. I really
didn�t want to displease Vivienne while she was so happy, I sensed that it
would be especially bad.

I approached the sales woman with a torrent of clashing emotions. She
was in her mid-fifties, her sun-wrinkled, smoke-haggard skin was made up with
the subtlety of a drag queen or a pantomime dame. I noticed that she had three
rings in each of her ears, the front hoop had another thick, heart shaped loop
dangling from it; they were perhaps the worst earrings I had ever seen. My new
fate hit me and I balked. Could things get any worse today?

I hesitated in front of her, trying to not burst into tears. What to say?
Not getting enough piercings was just not an option; but the real torture came
from knowing that I could actually ask for too many. Given my particular
revulsion to this, I could be making an evil rod for my own back; I didn't want
any more rings in my ears than were absolutely necessary.

After a second�s further thought, the petrified look on Lisa's face at
the front of my mind, I said

'I'd to get my ears pierced please'�


&nbsp;














PART 17

 
  Normal
   jim
  2
  10
  2007-03-20T23:27:00Z
  2007-03-20T23:27:00Z
  1
  1108
  6319
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  52
  14
  7413
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 17

&nbsp;

'So these are the only ranges that they make that come in that many
different sizes. We stock these two here, see'

A long pink nail from her wrinkly finger pointed at two of the designs
on the page. The woman behind the counter, or 'Brenda' as she had introduced
herself, was very helpful. I looked in the catalogue, there were at least eight
ranges to choose from, all of them unspeakably bad. Vivienne stood quietly next
to me, nodding at the right times to encourage Brenda but otherwise trying to
stay in the background. She was loving every second of my ordeal. I supposed
that all of her 'girls' probably had their �humiliations� plumbed and probed as
deeply and as excruciatingly as mine were being. Whatever a girl's quirky
embarrassments, I had no doubt that Vivienne would hunt them out. Trisha, on
the other hand, was less interested and had walked out some time ago, so that
we weren't crowded in the shop. 

I had had a master-class in 'bargain' gold jewellery, from Brenda. It
turned out that the earrings that I so despised that were oval in shape and
fastened with a hinged bar, were called 'Creole' earrings; and she could
rightly boast that she had them in spades. 

The shop had been pretty busy, but her daughter had materialised from
the back room and was more than capable of handling the background trade. The
teenage girl really was a 'chip off the old block'. As well as sharing her
mother's excellent customer service skills, she shared her endorsement of the
company products. I recognised the style that Brenda had just been showing me. Obviously
this was the result of two women, alone and bored in an ear piercing shop, her
ears swung with obscene gold

&nbsp;

Brenda had taken into the back room and pierced me. She had sat me down
in a worn but comfortable leather armchair with a head rest and had encouraged
me to relax my head back. From the corner of my eye I saw her pick the piercing
gun from the wall and set it down somewhere behind me. I had started to sweat.
As I felt her finger softly examining my ear, the curtain parted.

'Erm��.excuse me��..Brenda, Anita�..erm. I'm thinking of getting my ears pierced some more, but
I'm a little scared, do you mind if I watch? I promise not to faint and I
really think it would help me get over it?

Brenda welcomed in the meek Vivienne and caringly sat her down to one
side. She sat down and immediately reverted to her elegant, powerful self as
she reclined and crossed her legs, ready for the show. I closed my eyes and
tried not to think about it

Brenda was an expert at this kind of multiple piercing. She knew to mark
my ears before using the gun and she spent a lot of time looking at me from the
front, making sure everything was symmetrical and evenly spaced. Then she
dotted me with her pen. When she was finished she sat down on her stool to my
left. Vivienne was beaming at me. Tears started to form in my eyes. I tried to
remember when I had had my ears pierced originally, and if it had hurt; I
couldn't think.

'Ok honey, now you stay lovely and still now. No sudden movements and
we'll get you done. You�re going to be gorgeous!'

With her fingers holding my ear, I felt something cold clasp around it;
then I heard the piston spit out its loud, sudden hiss. I was crying softly
with humiliation as the sharp pain hit my brain. As the second wave of
sensation hit me, I felt an unpleasant, dull aching from just behind where I
normally wore my earring. I felt the gun again, a little further up and then
another hiss. I sobbed out loud, my eyes screwed together. Vivienne took
control immediately. She held my hand,

'There, there', she said, 'it'll soon be over darling. I know it's not
very nice, but just think about how you'll look when it's finished, hey?'

I continued to cry like a baby.

She nodded at Brenda that she should just keep going; and while I wept
and sobbed, she worked her way up my ear. The studs higher up were the worst,
they really smarted and made me suck my breath in, in between sobs. I could
stand the pain though, it was not that that was upsetting me; it was how I
would look from now on.

'You're doing really well honey', Brenda said as she moved her stool
over to the other side. My left ear was throbbing intensely. I sat there
sniffing.

She then repeated my humiliation so that both sides matched. By the time
she put the gun aside and her sympathetic face appeared in front of me with a
box of tissues, both my ears were burning.

'It's all done now Honey', she smiled,' come on, let's have a look,
that'll cheer you up'

She grabbed my arm to get me to stand so I could look in the mirror.
Before I could see myself, Vivienne stood in front of me and smiled.

'Well done, sweetie', she said but I could see that she didn�t
completely mean that. Was she displeased that I had cried?

She reached up to my ear, I half managed to check my automatic reflex to
withdraw and then I felt a series of sharp pains as she ran her finger along my
row of new studs. She had a childlike look of fascination about her. She led me
to the mirror, next to Brenda, who was waiting expectantly. I looked at myself,
turning my head from one side to the next, I had six new studs equally spaced
up each ear above my original holes. I looked like a tramp and I started to
cry.

'Oh it's all a bit much isn't it', said Brenda kindly, she left us
behind and went out to the front of the shop.

�Oh it�s wonderfully humiliating isn�t it, slave?� asked my Mistress

�Yes Mistress� I looked down at my toes, peeping out of the front of
their white straps.

�Keep a hold of that feeling, but I want you to stop crying now, we�ve
still got things to do�

I nodded and wiped my eyes. The tissue was smudged with a smear of
different colours from my eye make-up. I looked in the mirror and saw that my
mascara was running. Vivienne quickly wiped away the worst of it and cleaned me
up. 

After a minute, with her guiding hand at my reins, I went back through
and bought several 'sets' of earrings. I bought a simple set of six pairs of inch
diameter gold hoops that all matched; I could wear a single pair of different
rings at the front of these. 

With that in mind, I had to ask Brenda where the earrings she was
wearing were. She showed me them delightedly, but I decided on an even worse
pair from the same range that were thick creoles about three inches long. A
lop-sided heart shaped disc swung from the bottom of each. They were thick,
showy and crass. They were, I thought, the most tasteless things that I had
ever seen and now they were mine.

After picking out a range of seven matching creoles of increasing size (
in the style that I found the most �interesting� ), I 'decided' that it would
be fun to wear the new 'heart' earrings in front of my new studs, so I fixed
them into my original piercings and turned to face my Mistress. She motioned
for me to turn my head. As I did so I could feel them swinging in my ears, I
looked back.

�Perfect� she smiled, pleased.

Brenda let me take her catalogue with me so that I could ponder on the
right selection for my mismatched chaotic array of clashing styles. They must
have been able to close the shop early; I parted with almost two hundred pounds
for all that I had bought. As we walked out of the shop I burned with renewed
humiliation as people were immediately looking at me and at my ears.

Vivienne was still full of energy and it was off to the sex shop next,
for shoes.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 18

 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  110
  2007-03-25T01:41:00Z
  2007-03-25T01:41:00Z
  6
  3046
  17363
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  144
  40
  20369
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 18

&nbsp;

It was later that same day that I sat, secreted away,
in the corner of a pub. I looked down at my fingernails and wanted to curl up
into a tiny ball, so small that nobody could see.

Trisha had done the nails herself,
her head cocked to the side in the mock pose of an artiste. 

She had removed my existing extensions and replaced
them with much longer, inch-and-a-half square-ends.� She had then re-painted them in the glittery
bubblegum pink that I was wearing. She then delighted in adding little designs
to them. She painted over them with thick silvery white lines that, afterwards,
she drew a thin, central black line down. She then finished them with a clear
protective lacquer that would preserve her work for the weeks to come. I sat
there, obedient and sulking, offering my hands to her the whole time. 

The lines she had drawn on my nails made out squared,
heavily stylised but recognisable letters. It took while to identify the
symbols but the message could then be made out, if you concentrated for more
than a few seconds. I had �SLUT� written in capitals, facing away from me, a
letter on each of my four fingers. 

She held them still as they dried, protecting her work
until it was solidified and safe from any accidental injury. I looked at her. I
hated her for the casual way with which she had done this nasty
afterthought to me.

As if it couldn�t get any worse, she took a little
punch and clipped out a tiny hole from the ring and little fingernails on my
left hand. Then she fitted a tiny gold ring into each. She put my hands down
onto the table and admired them.

�They�re just so�����YOU, you know� she snorted,
amused by her own joke.

��Are these the
sort of nails that you had in mind Anita?� she asked mockingly, her head tilted
to the side in parody of a beautician.

She was completely disinterested in my reply; I would
be keeping them.

�Yes, Mistress� I said

�Good girl, now be sure to show them off later� she
had warned me.

&nbsp;

I sipped my drink, it struck me that this had been the
first alcohol that I had tasted for well over a week. The gin and tonic was
slipping down very easily; I needed something to help settle my nerves.

�Ooh, it�s nice to be able to enjoy a drink for a
change� said the girl at my table, finishing hers and returning to the bar to
order a second round. She obviously didn�t get out much. 

She strutted effortlessly back to the bar. I watched
her perfect fishnet-clad legs and her effortless style as she swung one foot in
front of the other, stepping like a catwalk pro in her black knee-high spike-heeled
boots. The half-dozen aging, alcoholic regulars at the bar were hypnotized by
her movement; but I knew that she would have had that effect on a much, much
younger and more discerning audience. I took up my own drink and drained it
worrying again about my future.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

After telling me to set my make-up right, Vivienne had
waited. I had felt very uncomfortable as she had stood behind me, making sure
that I did everything properly; it was twice as hard to get it right with
someone following my every move. When I had myself looking like I was a hot
glamour-girl ready for a porn-film shoot, she took something from her bag. As
she lowered it around my throat, I saw that she had been true to her word and
had bought me my �Anita� necklace. I looked at her reflected eyes, in misery,
as she reached around me and fastened it on; the name resting just above my
collarbones. I wanted to reach up, tear it off and hurl it across the room
screaming and spitting on it as I did so.

�Well slut, what do you say?� warned Trisha, I must
have looked like I had felt.

�Thank you very much Mistress, its��perfect�


She smiled broadly acknowledging my submission and
recognising the completion of my outfit. She then left me, telling me that she
expected great things from me and that she didn�t want or expect to be
disappointed.

Trisha had then sat me down and fed me a simple
microwave supper and a glass of water. She told me that I would need some food
inside me for the night ahead. I had shuddered at this idea, I was terrified at
the notion that I would actually have to be seen looking like I was. 

While I was eating this, the door had opened and I had
looked up. I had recognised the same blonde who had been sat in Vivienne�s
reception, the night that she had sprung her trap and reeled me in. Her expensive-looking,
beautifully cut, long, unnatural-blonde style was out of kilter with the worn,
short black coat and scuffed, black boots that she wore. She shut the door and
clicked her way over to my table.

Trisha smiled at her and then at me.

�Anita, this is Cara; Cara, this is Anita�

We both looked at each other. I remembered her curt
treatment of me when I had been at Vivienne�s office but decided that I
couldn�t judge her on that alone. I smiled nervously at her. She looked me over
and then smiled briefly back before sitting down quietly and looking up,
expectantly, at Trisha.� 

�Cara is going to teach you a few things, Anita. Go
with her and listen to what she tells you�

&nbsp;

We had taken a taxi together into town, Cara and I. I
was fretting the whole way there. 

Before going into the sex shop that afternoon, they
had made me change, so that I could try boots on without my trousers getting in
the way. In the shop, I had �chosen� three new pairs to insult my feet.
Vivienne had said that it was a good start but because I was so affected by
slutty shoes, I would be buying myself a lot more over the coming weeks.

It was then that I discovered, to my chagrin, that the
strappy white sandals that had become my staple �slut shoe�, in fact, had only
three and a half inch heels. I�d have bet that they were at least five when
Trisha had first made me wear them. It was only when the attendant brought my
first choice out that I had stared in disbelief at real five inch heels. The
attendant had wasted no time making sure I wore a pair of their heavily used
hold-up stockings so that I didn�t soil their boots. I wondered if she treated
all her customers that way or if it was because I looked so perfectly filthy in
the pink dress with the elastic sides, the dark blue leather jacket, my newly
fitted ear studs and the �fuck-me� creoles with hearts that swung against my
neck. All the same, I didn�t dare object and I quickly pulled the stockings on,
feeling the dried sweat of the countless previous �ladies� who had chosen to
shop for their boots there. I took out my shoes, a pair of white lace-up boots
that came to just above my ankles. They were shiny, white and stood on thin,
towering stilettoes.

I had loosened the laces in the plastic boots and had slipped
my foot into the first one. It was tight and narrow as my toes neared the
bottom; they were squashed from the start. I had to push hard to slip my foot completely
into the boot. When I felt my toes at the end and I could feel the unbelievably
high heel under me, I must have blushed with humiliation; these were about as
slutty as it could possibly get. I saw them as the most blatant advertisement,
the epitome of walking, wanton, female need and a crass pledge and
acknowledgement of my availability. 

As Vivienne knelt and lovingly tightened the laces, I
shuddered to think how I would look walking in them,
without a prayer of anything to cover them up or hide them behind. As she wound
the laces tightly around their fastenings and up to the top, I realised that
they would not be easy to take off either. When I had put the other one on and
had stood up, I immediately noticed the extra height and how much more
exaggerated the heel was. With the smaller platform on which to stand, I had to
concentrate just to balance in them. I could feel that the immediate discomfort
that I felt from the crushing in my toes would rapidly get worse and worse. As
I stepped and saw the delight on my owner�s face, I felt a crushing wave of
submission sweep over me. The steps I was forced to take were short, dainty,
feminine and devastatingly sexy. With the ankle boots now completing my outfit,
I felt a lump rising in my throat as I teetered with a walk that was unforgivably
dirty. I found myself having to place one foot a little in front of the other,
with a slight swing, just to keep steady and to keep myself from careering off
balance.

�Now those legs go on for miles� Vivienne whispered to
me �you�ll stop traffic in those boots, let me tell you!�

I wanted to scream at her but I ignored her. I turned
and saw a man at a magazine stand unashamedly staring at me, lustfully
appreciating the show. A burning blush coursed up my face, this was just
unbearable, I wanted to sit down, tear the boots off, run home and get all this
stuff off me; and then get on a plane to somewhere far, far away. Instead, I was
congratulated by my tormentors and then made to sit, while the boots were
re-packed and set aside for me. 

&nbsp;

As I sat in the taxi with Cara, my permanently
plucked, baby-smooth legs rose out of the same,
squeaky-white ankle boots. 

Forcing me to keep my legs clamped together was a
tight latex skirt that I had �found� at the sex shop. It was shamelessly short
but the material was thick and shiny; the patent black vinyl looked as if it
had been poured around my hips and set there. I had �chosen� it because there
was a zip at the back running upwards from the centre at the bottom, all the
way up to just below the waist-band. It would tempt and goad a man and dare him
to bend a girl over something and unzip her. It was totally outrageous and
probably the most blatant thing that I had bought all day. 

Above that I wore the tight pink leather jacket with a
white long sleeved top underneath. The top had large defects over the shoulders
and a large oval so my breasts could squeeze their way out and compete for
attention. 

It was the first time that I had worn a bra on since
my breast surgery and although the wiring rubbed uncomfortably against my
suture lines, the cups lifted and crushed me together. When I had put the top
on and seen the hole and how much cleavage I was advertising, I had tried to
pull the jacket seems together, to cover myself. Trisha had slapped my hands
away with the back of hers, I had wobbled on my shoes, losing my balance, and
then had stood defeated and dejected, dressed as a whore. Trisha had smiled
evilly at me.

&nbsp;

It had been a relief when Cara had had the taxi drop
us right outside the pub. There had been nobody but the driver to see me as I
got out and hurried to the private table tucked away in the corner.

Cara was not anything like the cold bitch that I had
first thought. She was a victim, the same as I was, albeit a more experienced
one. After a few carefully ambiguous questions I had established that she was
both willing and able to be very frank and open with me. In an attempt to take
my mind off my impending nightmare, I had asked her about herself. 

She had been taken by Vivienne three years ago now.
She was twenty but her perfect, soft face made her look younger. Vivienne had
made her quit medical school and had trained her to work for her. I warmed to
her when she joked that she didn�t normally go out looking like that. She had made
the joke in a kindly, self-deprecating way that made me feel that she would
never judge me, and that she understood , from
experience, what was happening to me. She told me what was expected of her and,
by inference, what I would have to start to learn.

For her �role�, she was the posh, immaculately groomed,
�clothes-horse� of Vivienne�s stable. She wore only the very finest designer
gear; all the bleeding-edge fashions. She had the most modern, stylish hair and
was treated to all the options available at Trisha�s shop, which was by far the
most exclusive in the area. She was probably one of the best dressed women in
town.

She started to explain that her role was to be the
unavailable, out-of-their-league, �it� girl who could, on this occasion,
possibly, actually be theirs. It was almost the complete opposite to the �slut� role, which I would be learning, but only
superficially so. At the end of the day, she had said, she serviced probably
more men than any of the other girls.

She closed her eyes in bliss as she tasted the first
mouthful of her fresh gin and tonic. It struck me then that I would probably not
be allowed to drink much more from now on. I took a deep glug from my own, I had never needed Dutch Courage this much before.

Cara had been a prodigiously bright young student. She
had also been socially aware, a punk; she had always shunned the traditional
idea of how a woman should behave and look. She had hated the kind of girl who
was a slave to society and especially to fashion. She had never worn
traditionally feminine clothes or make-up, rarely skirts and certainly, never,
ever, high-heels. She thought that women that did, were the worst victims of
society. 

She had had a shaven head and had worn a �Dead
Kennedys� T-shirt and had been fresh from an animal�s rights march when she had
enrolled in a deep relaxation therapy programme to help with her learning. 

Vivienne had immediately tormented the young,
anarchic, tomboy. Cara�s version of hell was realised when she was made-over,
initially with a short blonde wig, to look like a sexy, millionaire�s trophy
wife. It was years behind her now and I could see that those years had been
long ones but in spite of the time, the affront to her soul was still obvious.
She sipped her drink again to try and move on from such painful thoughts. She
sat forward and announced that we had come out for a reason and that we should
get down to business now. I hoped that I had not upset her by raking up her
past.

I then listened to her with horror and fascination as
she laid out the fundamental rules that I would have to play by. 

We were going to go across to another bar. This one
would be packed full and would be the venue for my �debut�. I was going to
start meeting and greeting men. My legs trembled as she spelt it all out. She
would help me with a few chat up lines but said that it would be very simple; I
would be direct and I would be with a man outside, in the back alley, before
the night was through.

I started to shiver and I could feel myself starting
to cry.

�No, Anita, no� she took me by the chin �no more
crying from you, you must do this and you will do this. You have to pull
yourself together. I know it�s not nice, I was there too, don�t forget, I know
exactly how easy it is, but you HAVE to do this, you hear me?�

�I��..I don�t think I can, I mean I don�t think I
could actually do that�

�Well you�re going to, and you�ll see. It�s actually
easy. You really don�t know how easy it is. That�s the whole point of tonight�s
exercise; it�s an introduction for you. Its a chance
for you to go out as the new you and see the effect you have�

I sobbed inwardly as she equated the person I looked
like with the person I knew I was and the person that I would have to be.

She told me that I would have to meet men�s advances
with encouragement. A grab on the ass should be met with a �don�t do that
unless you mean it� type remark. I would confide, very early, that I was not
wearing underwear and was in terrible need of a really good fuck. Either that
or I would tell them of my unswerving desire to give them a blowjob; the choice
was mine, tonight.

I reverted to shaking my head and trying to explain
that I couldn�t do that. In truth, I knew that I had no choice though. In
desperation I suggested that I rang up Vivienne, maybe she could take away my
anxiety and make me relax again, like she had done earlier. Cara had said that
if I did, and that was my choice to make, she would certainly help to motivate
me but that I was in no position to state my terms to my own Mistress. She told
me that Mistress had paralysed the last girl on her first night out because she
had fucked it up. She had spent the night, frozen, completely unable to move,
packed into a tight coffin. Every hour a buzzer had sounded for five minutes
and she had been punished. Cara said that she was never the same again and on
her second chance she had performed perfectly. 

I was stunned. This option had seemed brutal, although
when I considered Vivienne, my terrible Mistress, it had seemed less surprising.
I swallowed anxiously. Could I go ahead with this, was I actually capable of
approaching a man and saying those things? 

I decided, then and there, that I would have to be, or
I would be doing it in a few nights time, after a punishment that would surely
reduce me to madness.

Cara went on. She said that the man�s needs should
always be paramount; that they came first, always. For example, if I were to
come during sex, then I was not to lose the slightest stroke of my work on his
cock. Neither should I use either of my hands to arouse myself unless it was as
a show to arouse him. They should otherwise, always be on him, for his pleasure.

She told me that, as well, we should always act like
we were having the best sex of our lives, with the best possible lover. We
should be very appreciative, always thanking them afterwards, but also we
should be admiring, almost awestruck, and let them know how incredibly,
irresistibly good they were. Every man should feel like he has just had the
fuck of the century. Cara said that this was what made a man come back for more
and was critically important for business. She said that because we, as a
group, were so well trained and well kept, and because we had such a good
business approach, we were well beyond competition from crack-whores and traditional,
money-sluts. She laughed and said that she should probably stop lecturing me in
whore-philosophy now.

As we neared the bottom of our glasses and my heart
was beating faster and faster, she told me that the best thing I could do from
now on was to try and enjoy myself in any way that I could. I should find some
artistry in what I was doing; enjoy a hard, passionate fuck; get off on the
feminine power I could wield or whatever else I could find in my new life.

Like a little girl on her first day before school, I had
sat, hanging on her words. She was honest and was trying to help me in the only
possible way that she could. My stressed mind returned to the idea of ringing
Vivienne for a possible escape. No. She would just hurt me, terribly, over the
phone. She would remind me of the consequences of not going through with it.
No, she would not give me the help that I so badly needed and I knew better
than to bother my �Mistress� with my dilemma, terrible though it was.

�Now, to make this work, you need to ooze confidence,
especially dressed like that, or you�ll send out confusing signals. Mistress
trained you to smile already, so we�ll do that tonight and apart from that, you
just need to stand up straight and I don�t want to see you lowering your eyes,
okay?�

I was silent

�Anita, I have trainer privileges on you and I have my
own orders and my own consequences���I will punish you if you don�t do this
properly�

My eyes widened woefully, begging, but at the same
time, I knew that it was not in her power to grant me mercy. 

I nodded obediently. I would do everything that she
had told me. She held my hand.

�One man; however you want him. That�s it for tonight,
Anita. Ok. It�s really not as bad as it could be����������������So, tell
me������what kind of guy turns you on?�

I was momentarily speechless, the whole night was
surreal.

�Er�..well�..tall, handsome, kind, gentle� I was just
making it up now.

�Come on Anita, now�s the time to be honest about the
type of guy that does it for you, I mean you�ll eventually have to do them all,
but tonight you are the one with the choice and you won�t often have that
luxury, believe me. Have you never fantasised about anything more��.well,
horny?�

I blushed deeply. 

�Well, look, I�m not your Mistress and I�m not going to
make you do anything beyond what you already have to do; but from one girl to
another, go with a guy that makes you feel horny, it�ll go better for you if
you do. Now go to the Ladies and lube your pussy up with this, it�ll make it a
lot easier for you�

I tucked the tube into my handbag. I looked at her and
then at the table. Bless her. She was really trying to help me in the only way
available to her. It was just too much for me. I gripped my hands to stop the
tears forming.

�Cara, thank you� I said as she stood up and pulled me
to my feet.














PART 19

 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  552
  2007-03-29T22:37:00Z
  2007-03-29T22:37:00Z
  7
  2927
  16688
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  139
  39
  19576
  12.00
 





 
  1
  1
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 19

&nbsp;

A wave of heat hit me as I stepped into the bar. In my
head, my teeth were grinding together; in reality I smiled as sweetly and
prettily as Vivienne had taught me to. Feeling Cara behind me, I stood tall and
held my head high. I faced forward and, on my impossible heels, stepped into
the bar. 

It was packed to standing room, almost exclusively with
men. 

My God, they were all turning to check me out! 

I could feel my cheeks burning with shame. I was
actually glad of the thick foundation on my face; perhaps it would help to hide
my obvious degradation as my deep blush radiated my humiliation to the whole
room.

I could feel the latex, tightly snagging around the tops
of my legs; cold and chilled from our brief walk in the frozen street. Trying
to pretend that I was somewhere else, I strutted towards the bar.

The music was loud but I could make out mumblings,
directed towards us. Then there was an explicit, incredulous;

�Fuck me, look at her!!�

The only way I could stop myself from screaming was to
concentrate on something simple. I was intent on just one thing, getting to the
bar. Cara was with me, I thanked God as I reached backwards and I felt her take
my hand. I stood at the bar, facing it and leaning on it. I ignored the guy on
the stool next to me. His eyes had almost popped out of his head as he looked
down at my legs and boots. Cara leant over the bar next to me.

�Good choice Anita, show them that ass, those legs and
that naughty skirt�

I spun my head in anger at her.

�I�m not fucking with you, honest. Keep calm��.okay,
calm��good. Lust is power ok, the more a guy wants you, the more control you
have; plain and simple. Now you just keep smiling Anita, you�re doing so well,
so well honey, I�m so proud of you�

She looked so sincere. I could see that she understood
exactly what I was going through. I forgave her and struggled to get the smile
back onto my face. This was just awful.

�Now if you want to take control here, you need to check
out the room, and quickly, otherwise someone will hit on you����and we�re not
allowed to turn a guy down, Anita�

Oh my God! NOW she had decided to tell me that rule! I
was now even less in control than I had thought I was. Could it get any worse?

I turned a little and started to try and catch the room.
There must have been twenty pairs of eyes on my ass alone. I wanted to curl up
and die. 

I had never been the focus of so much male attention before.
To find myself that way, dressed the way I was, was just unreal. I remembered my
hair and make-up. I remembered what I was wearing, the top, the skirt, the
boots and the earrings, even the little name-necklace and my nails. I closed my
eyes in the most abject and complete humiliation; this is how the spotlight had
caught me. I had to hand it to Vivienne; she had done me over so perfectly. 

I kept the pretty, confident smile on my face as I
composed myself and quickly scanned my way around the room. I couldn�t believe
I was seriously considering who I would try and fuck.

�Pretend you�re Julia Roberts� I told myself �pretend
you�re her and you�ve got all that confidence; so that you can deal with all of
this. Pretend you�re a Pro, pretend you�re her in �Pretty Woman�, and pretend
you�re experienced, savvy and can handle men�

It was like a mantra. I repeated it to myself and as my
gaze swept round, my eye lingered for a split second. I couldn�t believe it, it
was the guy from the road-works outside my flat. He caught me and I saw him
nodding slowly, appreciatively at me. I looked away in shame but then to my
astonishment, I looked back at him and smiled. 

Had there been a command from Vivienne or Cara, or had I
done that myself? I had no idea but I quickly turned back to the bar and tapped
Cara. I told her that I�d seen this guy and that he�d whistled at me earlier. She
cut straight to it and asked me if I though he was �hot�. I looked away in
frustration. I felt the hearts rocking in my ears, my breasts pushing up
through the huge oval defect in my top and my crushed, bent toes from my
high-heels as I confessed to her that, yes, God damn it! I was attracted to him
and in the worst possible way.

�Well that�s perfect for you Anita� she had said
enthusiastically. She grinned, and for the first time, she looked like the
teenager she really was. She composed herself again and then whispered,

�Now, really sexy banter okay? Tell him you�ve got no panties
on; how hot you are; how sexy he is and how much you need him. Ask him if he
wants to try your zipper or tell him that you want to drink him dry. Say something
blunt and direct like that, nothing complex, keep it simple�

She handed me another drink. I don�t know what it was. I
took a suck up the straw. Whatever it was, it was strong. I took another deep
slurp.

�Put this in your bag, it�s on�

She opened my bag and put in a mobile phone; then she
shut it inside the bag.

�Your Mistress likes to hear her girls sometimes, to
make sure they are behaving properly. Make sure you make plenty of noise and
make sure that he does too, otherwise she will teach you to do it properly and
you will suffer. 

Believe me Anita, its best this way; there really is
only one way here. Now, think sexy thoughts and remember that you can have any
man in here; you just have to be ballsy. You look gorgeous. Smile. Now!�

I felt a hand on my shoulder. I turned around and looked
up and��..there he was.

My heart was pounding. It was a miracle but I managed to
get back to my smile.

�Can�.I buy you a drink?� he stuttered. 

It hadn�t crossed my mind that he might actually be
nervous approaching me. It calmed me down a little. I saw his eyes steal a
glance down at my chest and then back at my face, I could see how affected he
was by me; that I had made him feel his powerful, basal urges. He had obviously
bought into my slut gimmick; fully. Such a cheap trick had made me almost powerful;
I was turning him on and almost had him under a spell. As I remembered the
humiliating details of my appearance, I was amazed that he wasn�t ridiculing
me. It was inconceivable that he was actually enraptured by me. His attention
was different to the type that I had received on the night out on the yacht;
this was raw, unsophisticated lust and it was intoxicatingly potent. 

I couldn�t believe anyone could actually like the way that
I looked but this man was clearly dumbstruck; head over heels. I felt Cara
nudging me in the ribs. 

He was good looking; blonde, stocky and muscular with an
angular, unshaven, darkly stubbled jaw, blue eyes and beautiful long eyelashes.
He was the kind of rough looking man that I had never dared fantasise about, he
was too dirty for a nice girl to be able to want. To look at him, the way I was
doing, made me feel disturbingly uneasy. 

He was waiting for his answer. And so, in my bag, was
Vivienne. I was trapped and the moment of truth was upon me. All my natural
impulses were telling me to run away. The Anita that I had always been wanted
to blush and shrink away; ideally, to disappear completely. 

I remembered the look on Lisa�s face that afternoon. I
remembered Cara and her talk of Vivienne�s coffin. I would have to be brave,
heroically brave. I took a little step forward to his ear, balancing on my high
shoes. I brushed, so lightly, against his face with my nose before I whispered

�They don�t sell what I want to drink from you�

It was like I was detached from the whole scene,
watching it. I couldn�t believe that I had even thought of that, let alone had
just said it. I stepped back and looked him deeply in the eyes. I picked up my
drink and slowly, seductively, closed my glossy lips about the straw. I could
do this. I could nail this.

I decided, there and then, that there was no merit in trying
to finesse the situation. Cara knew what she was talking about and had said to
keep it simple. I slowly licked at my straw like I had seen a girl in a film do;
I pretended that it was his cock. Burying my shame, I leant forward and
confessed that I was not only totally naked under my skirt but that I was all
hot and bothered. I looked at him, bashfully, like a naughty schoolgirl and
admitted that I thought my zip might be stuck. I asked him, sheepishly and
brazenly at the same time, if he could maybe have a look at it for me, perhaps
outside at the back of the pub.

He was gob-smacked. He stared at me for a moment in
complete denial; he only needed to do a cartoon double-take to complete the
clich� on his face. Then, what I had said registered fully, and he started to
breathe deeply. He licked his lips and smiled. His face lit up as his lips drew
back into a cheeky, devilish grin; I could see the idea taking hold.

�Come with me little lady, lets see if we can�t fix that
problem of yours�

He took my hand and I walked after him, struggling to
step fast enough to match his speed. I heard some jeering, probably from his
mates; and a wolf whistle; but we were soon out of the bar and into the back yard,
in the cold night air. 

I looked into his eyes. Here I was; a slut, his slut, to
do with as he pleased. I was giving myself to him; I was doing my Mistress�s
bidding. Not wasting a second and thankfully taking the lead from me, he backed
me against the red brick wall and gripped my ass with both hands. I shuddered,
my cheeks held firmly as he pulled me in, towards him. I had very little
balance on my boots and I was forced to push my breasts up, into him. His hand was
soon up, groping at me. I felt so dirty. I tried to keep on smiling while, in
reality, I was petrified.

With a little flick behind me, I felt the tension vanish
from my bra. His hands reached under my top and I could soon feel his coarse
palms working up my belly until they cupped me, pushing my bra upwards and aside.
He pulled my top up to my neck, displaying my taut, buoyant breasts so that he
could see my thick nipples standing proudly to attention for him. As he gently
pinched them and started to feel my aching, implant ridden glands, I panted with
pain as it smarted. He obviously took this as confirmation of my arousal as he
pulled me over to one side. He moved me up against a bin.

�Well, let�s have a look at that naughty little zip
then�

I teetered as he spun me round and then pushed my
shoulders forward so that he bent me over the bin, facing away from him. The
gold chain of my handbag trailed down the side of the corrugated metal and, as
I saw the white leather of my bag swinging, bouncing against it. I remembered
the phone and that this would all be in vain if I didn�t please Vivienne.

�Oh, yes� I moaned. I started to get wet in the eyes;
this just couldn�t be happening. I felt a pulling at my skirt and then,
unceremoniously, the zip was wide open and it was loose; hanging down from my
waist. I sobbed quietly to myself as I felt a hand sliding its way down my inner
ass cheeks, until it nestled near the bottom. I could feel him reaching further
and then I felt his fingertip at my folds.

�You horny bitch, you�re sopping wet down here!�

I drew my breath in with surprise as he touched me; my
lips were incredibly sensitive. I tried to move away. He had his hand firmly on
my ass though, so his fingers stayed exactly where they were. He ventured up
higher and I gasped as he found my clitoris and gently pushed into it.

�Ahhhh!� I squealed as the sensation hit me.

He wasted no time and started to massage little circles around
me with his finger. My God, he had done this before! My breathing became short
as I panicked. I hadn�t expected it to feel nice and definitely not this nice.
His touch was too good; it was starting to excite me. I felt like I could be
driven wild by such a touch and that idea terrified me. No, that couldn�t be! I
was not a whore; not a slut in a back alley!

I moaned again for Vivienne, but it was also a relief to
let the noise out and not to have to bottle it up. 

�Oh my God� I moaned as I felt his thumb at my opening,
sliding around the entrance to my tunnel, caressing and orbiting the very
outside of my hole. I could feel myself gaping, inviting him to enter; I
blushed with abject shame.

�My God! You are so fucking horny� he breathed.

After another minute, as he continued to stimulate me, I
felt his hand leave me. I heard him tearing at himself. I moaned again, this
time for Vivienne, and in humiliation. I realised, as he hastily prepared himself;
that I was little more than his bitch; I was Vivienne�s bitch waiting to be
fucked. I spread my legs and lifted my ass to him in obedience to my Mistress.
My surrender to her and my resentment of how she was treating me was now almost
complete.

�Fuck me now� I pleaded. I told myself I wanted it over
with. I was ashamed with myself for having enjoyed his touch. Maybe I really
was a common slut after all and that I really did need him to fuck me.

I felt his rock hard prick work its way down my ass
crack, lightly dusting and bouncing against my smooth, sensitive inner cheeks
and rippling tiny electric surges upwards and through me. My God, I hoped that
it was too dark for him to notice the cosmetic tattooing around my hole! I have
felt like the vainest slut imaginable for having had such a thing done to me. I
felt his head nestle between my lips and I felt my own juices as he slid across
me. I whimpered softly, wishing that none of this was happening. 

My lips felt puffed and swollen, pulsing with the blood
of my arousal. I leant further forward onto my elbows and pushed my pussy upwards;
proffering it to him, even if it meant that he may see my designer ass-hole. My
stilettos put me just above his cock; at the perfect entry height. In spite of
my rampant humiliation, I could feel the heat in my own cunt and I told myself
that, therefore, I really must have been a slut.

�Ahhhhhh� I gasped, genuinely, as I felt him slide into
me. My bottom lip quivered with his intrusion as the reality hit me - I was
having sex with a man, like a free-gift whore. 

He moved deeply into me, but softly. I was weeping. On
top of it all, the pleasure of him filling me was too much; I shouldn�t be able
to enjoy this on any level. 

This was me, big-titted, conveniently sterilised, in
white stilettos, with my ears studded and my face made up like a total slut. My
nails spelt out what I was and, as I remembered them, my heart skipped a beat
hoping that he had not seen them; although as he pushed into me I was sure that
he would be past caring. As I felt him rubbing inside me and exquisitely
stretching me, I couldn�t stand the raging, conflicting emotions I was being
made to feel; I started to come apart.

�God you are so. Fucking. Horny!� he breathed against
me.

As he stroked against the front of my tunnel, beautiful
waves of warm pleasure radiated up through me. It was unbearable. The tears
streamed down my face as he sped up and began thrusting into me, grunting. I
started to moan back, into his rhythm.

�Oh, please, keep doing that to me� I burst out, trying
to keep acting the whore but now drawing upon real emotions to pad out the
part. I didn�t know if this was an attempt to convince Vivienne, him, or a
moment of true sincerity. Worse than that, I didn�t care.

�Oh my God� 

I felt him stiffen and then slow right down, moaning and
gasping as he moved gently but suddenly into me. I actually felt him coming as
his cock pulsed and he emptied his load into me. I suddenly felt overcome as I
realised that my blind ending vagina was now purely a fuck tunnel; somewhere
for a man to spill his seed for pleasure. I pinched myself so that I didn�t
burst into tears at that thought. I remembered where I was and what my brief
was. 

�Oh Yes, Oh Yes� I moaned, almost as an afterthought. It
had to be good for him. I was so glad that the terrible, reluctant sensations
stopped there and I could start to think again; no longer disturbed by such
extreme, basal, pleasure. 

He pulled out of me and helped me up.

I turned to look at him. He was red faced but looked
very pleased. I wiped my eyes and smiled nervously at him, I didn�t want him to
see that I had been crying. He didn�t seem to notice or care. As he pulled his
cock back and tucked his erection inside his trousers I saw his eyes at my
necklace.

He looked into my eyes

�You�re a pretty incredible fuck, Anita. You�re one hell
of a babe, you know that� he said.

I turned a deep purple and told him that he was pretty
fucking incredible himself. As I reached down behind myself and tried to close
my skirt, I told him he was the best fuck I�d had all year. I was sure that
this would massage his ego and help him to think that I was the fuck of the
century, even though I had been far from that. I only hoped Vivienne was
listening and that my efforts were being noted. I could feel some of his cum
seeping out of me; a globular flow gradually working its way onto the inside of
my thigh and starting to run down my leg. 

He realised my predicament with the elastic skirt and laughed.
He went round behind me and pulled the ends of the hem together so that I could
stretch the zip closed through the thick rubber latex. I thanked him for his
help and then, remembering Cara, I thanked him, in awe, for his incredible,
mind-blowing fuck. His smile widened and he said

�Any time Anita baby, anytime.�

We made our way back inside. 

It was like returning to earth from some strange other-world
but the noise, heat and smells of the pub brought me right back down, crash-landing
with a bang. An eye of one of the few women in the bar caught me. Her expression
was one or absolute derision and total disgust. She shook her head at me in
contempt, like I was the lowest piece of dirt on the planet. I broke into
hysterics and had to run, immediately, to the toilet, lock myself in the
cubicle, close my eyes and start to sob furiously.

In no time, Cara had knocked on the door, made me open
it and was cuddling me firmly. I wept uncontrollably, in utter confusion.

She stroked my head and whispered soothing, calming
nothings at me. I was so disappointed in myself. I was a slut. I hadn�t
resisted at all. She told me it didn�t matter. She kissed me and held me
tightly.

She told me that she had seen everything, that I had
done fine and that Mistress was pleased with me. I just sobbed into her
shoulder but I was relieved that I would not need to be further tormented or
punished.

After a few minutes I started to calm down a little. I
could feel more of his juice starting to seep its way out and I went to wipe
myself. Cara stopped me. 

�Mistress wants that to stay on you tonight� she said.
Her face changed a little and she became my instructress once more.

�Fix your make-up, then go and give him your number. Write
it in lipstick and then tell him to call you so you can get his number. After
that you can spend the night with him if you want, or go home�

I looked at her aghast. All I could think about was
running back to my room, my bed and screaming for Lisa. How dare she even offer
that to me! I was not a slut! I stormed my way to the mirror, wiped my eyes and
started to put my make-up back on. I saw her reflection walk up behind me. I
ignored her, trying not to start crying again. She reached into my bag and took
out the phone. I heard a beep as she ended the call. 

I looked up again and into her eyes. I hadn�t meant to
be angry at her. She smiled softly, came up behind me and squeezed my shoulder.


She told me not to be hard on myself. She said that my
life was going to be hard enough without making a rod for my own back. She said
that she would be seeing me again soon and with that, she turned around and
left me there; a whore fawning to tidy herself up.

&nbsp;














PART 20


 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  85
  2007-05-07T00:17:00Z
  2007-05-07T00:17:00Z
  4
  1808
  10311
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  85
  24
  12095
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 20

&nbsp;

I lay in bed. Finally I was totally exhausted
and utterly depleted, emotionally. Sleepiness was starting to take me and it
was the most merciful thing that had happened all day. I heard a key in the
door and then heard it creak open. 

&nbsp;

I heard it slam and I heard sobbing. I
heard rapid, marching footsteps going into the living room and then I heard
frantic movements, the crying became louder and the sobs more piteous as she
broke down. I figured that Lisa was probably feeling how I had been about two
hours ago. I couldn�t leave her. I got up. It was cold so I wrapped a blanket
around myself before going to the lounge. The light was on and the floor was
littered with stockings, underwear and unfastened shoes. In the corner, naked,
curled up in a ball, sobbing and broken, was Lisa.

&nbsp;

My heart went out to her immediately and I
rushed over to hold her. Her eyes were wide with fear as she held her hands up,
holding me off; she didn�t want to be touched. Her eyes were red raw, her face
was streamed with black streaks from her eye make-up.

&nbsp;

�Lisa, it�s me, Anita, darling� I had said
�it�s only me baby. Ssssshhhhhhh. Its okay, Lisa. It�s okay now darling�

&nbsp;

She had carried on sobbing. I was lost
already and hardly in any position of strength myself. I wrapped the blanket
round her and sat down, naked, next to her. I saw her discarded dress in a tiny
pile. There couldn�t have been much to it but it looked to be made of a fine purple
silk. Her black stilettos lay nearby, the word �Manolo� stared across at me
from the leather sole. A diamond choker lay coiled at her feet. I remembered
the clothes that I had taken off and hung up when I got home, they were so
different. 

&nbsp;

The loud sobbing next to me started to bore
into my fatigued, spent mind. It wasn�t long before a tear started to trickle
down my own face and I sat, silently, next to her, my eyes screwed up, curling
into my own little ball.

&nbsp;

After a minute, she reached across to me
and wrapped the blanket round me. We looked at each other and then grasped each
other tightly. With the blanket pulled tightly around us, to protect us, we
wept together. We wept at what was our lot. I had worked through it all so many
times that night as I lay there, unable to sleep, but I had found no
resolution; I doubted if I ever would. Vivienne, my Mistress, had smashed me
down even further today. She had maniacally bulldozered her way through more of
my most intimate boundaries. She had made me become a slut and no matter which
way I looked at it, it tore into my very soul. 

&nbsp;

Eventually, at about three o�clock I had cried myself dry again and
was weary and blurred with fatigue. Lisa, however, was still inconsolable. It
was all I could do to get her onto the sofa and get her to drink some hot
chocolate with the blanket wrapped around her. She stared blankly ahead with
the glazed eyes of a woman who belonged in a mental-care home. I was seriously
worrying about her sanity. I lifted the cup to her lips and made her drink
some. Finally, she took a little sip and, for the first time in probably an
hour, made eye contact with me.

&nbsp;

I cuddled her some more and eventually
managed to get her into bed, holding her and gently stroking the hair on the
side of her head. Eventually she breached her silence.

&nbsp;

�I think��I think I�m going to go mad�

&nbsp;

As I clutched her, I had worried about my
own sanity. I couldn�t think of anything to say to her; I had the same fears
and no answers. I had also been stretched to such an extent that I would never spring
back; I would never be the same. After a time she opened up a little. She kept
breaking down as she remembered all the horrible things from her day. I just
listened. I didn�t want her to rake up things that she didn�t want to so I
didn�t ask her a thing. I had no useful wisdom to impart to help her with her dire
situation and I was, on top of it all, so very tired; but I stayed awake for
her, to listen.

&nbsp;

She had been taken out early that morning
by Trisha. She was going to get a new high fashion, �fuck me� trophy-secretary
look. Lisa had instantly balked at the idea and had made no secret of it. Trisha
had been delighted and had forced her to follow, at heel, as she led her
through the shops, threatening her with a few things. She wanted her dressed
very expensively, so that she would be an absolute prize; but she wanted her
sexy; very, very sexy. 

&nbsp;

To make it worse, Trisha had started to
touch her. In fact, she couldn�t keep her hands off her. She kept following her
into the changing rooms and when the curtain was shut, she would start to
caress and work her hands over her. Lisa found this deeply unsettling and when
Trisha, looking her lustfully in the eyes, slid her hand down into her panties
and made a slow but penetrating stroke up the front of her slit, Lisa had torn
herself away, yanking out her Mistresses hand in defiant repulsion. When she
told me this, I had gasped. That was why she had earned herself a punishment
earlier. 

&nbsp;

This had been further compounded when,
halfway through their shopping trip, they had been joined by Vivienne and had all
sat down in the caf� at Harvey Nicholls. They had given her an interrogation,
similar to the one that I had received, except they had obviously been less
forceful with her �disinhibition�. She had, in spite of her hanging punishment,
tried to fob them off with a few whimsical ideas for her �look�; but they had
caught her out. 

&nbsp;

When they had eventually flicked the switch
in her mind that opened her up fully, and she was forced to tell the truth, the
real answers had unmasked and exposed her as the liar that she really was. She
had sat there shaking with fear, a trapped animal, as Trisha told her that she
had earned herself, in the space of an hour, a second punishment. She wept as
she recalled how easily she had been played and how stupid she had been for
trying to lie. I gulped and thanked my lucky stars that they had not set that
trap up for me.

&nbsp;

They had then gone back to the shops and
hunted out some of the key items that would really get to her. She hated to
show off her legs, so they bought a selection of fashionable, mini-skirt-suits.
She hated �fuck me� office heels and patterned or fishnet stockings, so they
had bought a very thorough selection. She had fretted as item after item was
bagged up for her. She couldn�t believe what was being done to her; it was one
of her nightmares coming true. Trisha had purred constantly with lustful
approval as she had tried everything on. 

&nbsp;

Lisa was used to dressing very
professionally and conservatively, she had, after all, been a lawyer. She
deliberately avoided looking sexy or overly feminine and she admitted, under
duress, that she had actually looked down on the secretarial staff that did
dress like that. Her firm had been huge and they had had many sexy young girls
out to make their mark with daringly provocative but incredibly fashionable
outfits. With Trisha�s compelling guidance, she had reluctantly recalled the
details of these. She had listed all the essential and defining things that she
would need for her new look. Her Mistresses had grinned as she had slowly
spilled her guts to them. Then she had been made to find everything and buy it.


&nbsp;

She curled up as she remembered how she had
been made to look and how satisfied Trisha had been with the end result. I
thought that I would have been glad to have been dressed like that, especially
given what they had condemned me to wear, I didn�t feel the same way about it
as Lisa. I accepted that everyone was different and that we all had our own,
different and painful buttons. Vivienne had pressed mine as Trisha had pressed
Lisa�s.

&nbsp;

As she finished her hot chocolate, she
started to relax just a little as she carried on talking. At the end of the
morning, she had been taken to Trisha�s beauticians shop and had been left
there for her makeover. They had cut and styled her hair, done her nails,
shaped her eyebrows and made her up. She had then been sprayed with Trisha�s
choice of perfume and set to sit and wait for her Mistress to return. It was
then, just before I had met her in the car-park, that she had first been
punished.

&nbsp;

She broke down again as she recalled it and
I deliberately didn�t ask her about it; I just held her. I could see in her
eyes that it must have been much worse than I could imagine. A new wave of fear
swept over me as I sensed the power, the terrible magnitude of this thing that
Vivienne had put in our heads that we might be disciplined. I shuddered as Lisa
started to speak again.

&nbsp;

For the afternoon she had been sent home
and had spent two whole hours on the training machine. I contrast to my own time;
all of hers was spent working on the artificial pussy, with her mouth. It had
allowed her a few breaks between programs but had otherwise pushed her to her
absolute limit. Her tongue had burned as the poor muscle had been worked to
exhaustion; like never before. 

&nbsp;

At a time that must have coincided with
Trisha�s disappearance from my shopping trip that afternoon, she had visited
Lisa at the house, and had punished her again; this time for her behaviour in
the changing room. There must have been something else, some awful detail that
was too painful to share because she stopped talking there and reverted back to
her blank stare. I shook her, until she looked at me once more.

&nbsp;

Again I asked nothing, but she wept
hoarsely as she told me what the worst part of it all was. As if things weren�t
bad enough, apparently there was going to be a change of plan for her. Trisha
had delighted in revealing it to her as she had lain sobbing, begging, and
clinging to her Mistress�s shoe; that she was going to have Lisa fixed. She was
going to become her very own, perfect, personal assistant. She was to become
her fully trained sex-toy; exactingly schooled in the arts of pleasing a lady
and she would be made to suffer, exquisitely, for her Mistresses pleasure.
Dumbstruck at the horror of her unfolding future, she had then been made to lie
down flat on her back while Trisha froze her for the next hour, to think about
what she had done and how she would learn to apply herself from now on. After
spilling all this out she collapsed into a flood of tears again. She was to
become Trisha�s personal slave. She was to be utterly at the mercy of the woman
that she was most afraid of; and she would be her lesbian pleasure slave. 

&nbsp;

Lisa fixed me with an ice cold stare. I
could now see that this was what had been wrenching at her sanity. 

&nbsp;

To prepare her for her new role, her
evening had been not dissimilar from my own, in terms of smashing through her
most intimate boundaries. 

&nbsp;

She was dressed in her own new style but
instead of being taken to a pub, she was taken to a lesbian pick-up bar. She
didn�t tell me any more of the details and I could understand why; I was not
going to tell her about my incident in the back alley. It occurred to me that she
had been out a lot longer than I had though, so there was plenty more potential
for her abuse. I could only feel her pain with her; I could do nothing to ease
it.

&nbsp;

After that, she spent a few minutes just
staring down at the floor. Eventually, she came to her senses and asked if she
should pleasure me, as we had to do at bedtime. I looked at her, dishevelled
and mentally unravelling. She looked like it would be the final straw. I looked
at her tearful face and remembered the cum still inside me. I shuddered knowing
that that filth was still there, setting; hardening within me; an evil surprise
for anyone who went down on me. I simply couldn�t bring myself to make poor
Lisa lick that. There was no way that I would be able to become aroused given
the horrors that we had both endured that day. Consumed with pity, I told her
that she had been through enough and was sure that she had done more than
enough pleasuring for one day. She had looked into my eyes and had dropped he
head to my bosom, burying into me. She had kissed me and I cradled her, I would
try and protect her. In no time, thoroughly burnt out, we both went to sleep,
in each others arms.

&nbsp;














PART 21


 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  873
  2007-05-12T23:21:00Z
  2007-05-12T23:21:00Z
  5
  1639
  9343
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  77
  21
  10961
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 21

&nbsp;

It was ten in the morning when we awoke to
the sound of the phone ringing. It didn�t stop, even after a minute, as I
emerged from my sleepy twilight. In the end, Lisa beat me to it and stood there,
listening.

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress� I heard her say and then she
put the phone down. 

&nbsp;

I noticed that the computer screen was
flashing. I started to worry that we had overslept as I clicked the mouse. Up
popped a sheet with �Training Plans� written at the
top. There followed the day�s date. There were then two columns,
one was Lisa�s and one mine. I was immediately glad that the first item was
scheduled for eleven o�clock;
someone had appreciated that we had had a difficult day. 

&nbsp;

I was less happy as I saw that I was first
up with ninety minutes on the training machine. Subconsciously, my lip hung
down and my shoulders slouched as I remembered how unpleasant it had been the
day before. I was taken with a feeling of resignation and helplessness. If the
screen had said four hours, then that is what I would have had to have done;
none of my life was to be under my own control it seemed. As I scanned my way
down the list; erotic dance; behaviour development; dress inspection;
assignment, I started to fret; would I never be set free?

&nbsp;

The residual comfort from the night�s sleep
now fully dissipated, I called Lisa over and she looked, equally dismayed, at
her own list. It seemed that the erotic dance session would be for both of us,
whereas for her first session she simply had to get dressed and do the shopping
for the house. I would much rather have done that than face the machine again.

&nbsp;

I took the spare hour as a chance to get a
shower and finally clean yesterday�s deposits from inside me. Then we had some
breakfast. I couldn�t get the impending tasks out of my mind, so I couldn�t
relax as we drank our juice and coffee. With the cups drained and sitting in
the empty sink, we got ready to start our programmes. At two minutes to eleven,
Lisa had just fetched her shoes to go out, and I was ready to take my robe off
and submit to the accursed machine but there was a knock at the door. Lisa
looked at me in surprise and answered it.

&nbsp;

�Inside, NOW, slut!�

&nbsp;

It was Vivienne and she marched her way in;
she had a scowl on her face. Immediately frightened, I threw myself onto the
floor and started to frantically lick at her boot; but she kicked me away.
Lisa�s attempt was also met with a firm rebuke, Vivienne�s heel digging into
her forehead and shoeing her painfully away.

&nbsp;

�Kneel there, both of you, heads to the
floor�

&nbsp;

We both scrabbled to comply. I was shaking.
Mistress was not happy.

&nbsp;

Vivienne cut straight to the point

&nbsp;

�You have deliberately disobeyed your
instructions. I am told that you decided it was not necessary for your late
night oral training session?�

&nbsp;

My heart sank, Oh no, please not that! We
both whimpered

&nbsp;

�You, slut� she kicked at Lisa �must
actually get off on punishments; you remember that I said that any more trouble
from you and you would go into the slave box, yes?�

&nbsp;

At that, Lisa just snapped.

&nbsp;

�NO!� she wept loudly.

&nbsp;

�No! Please No!� she screamed, desperately
trying to get her mouth near to Vivienne�s boot. Once more she was pushed
aside, this time with her toe.

&nbsp;

�No please Mistress� she collapsed �it
wasn�t me! Anita said we shouldn�t do it, I thought that we had been let off!
Please Mistress, it wasn�t me! I had nothing to do with it! Anita said not to
do it!�

&nbsp;

My fear rose higher and then redoubled as I
looked in terror, in utter disbelief, at Lisa, stretching herself out towards
Vivienne, sobbing in sheer, broken desperation. 

&nbsp;

�So it was Anita was it?� asked Vivienne,
calming slightly and regaining some of her feline poise.

&nbsp;

�Yes! Yes Mistress!� she welcomed.

&nbsp;

�Sit up girl�

&nbsp;

Lisa struggled to sit up, kneeling back on
her heels. She got into her best slave posture. Vivienne walked over to her and
started to toy with her hair, running a finger through it and then grabbing a
handful.

&nbsp;

�So, slave, should I give your punishment
to Anita?�

&nbsp;

I watched in horror, like this just wasn�t
happening as she rapidly nodded her head, desperately; affirmatively.

&nbsp;

�No� the word slipped out of my mouth,
quietly, pathetically, an expression of my disbelief.

&nbsp;

Vivienne stepped over towards me. Her voice
was calm and cold.

&nbsp;

�Is this true, slut, was this your idea?�

&nbsp;

Oh God, I couldn�t believe I was in this
situation. I started to cry out of pure fear. Oh God, I was in trouble.

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress� I sobbed, half insane with
fear ���.but I thought that�.�

&nbsp;

�Silence!� she shouted.

&nbsp;

�I don�t want to hear it�

&nbsp;

�I�m so sorry Mistress. I didn�t want to�.�

&nbsp;

�Shut up now you dumb fucking slut, or I�ll
double your punishment!�

&nbsp;

I clamped my mouth with my hand and sobbed
as quietly as I could. I huddled myself into a little ball in panic and misery;
there was definitely going to be punishment.

&nbsp;

�You may go� she said dismissively at Lisa

&nbsp;

�Thank you Mistress� I heard as she
scurried off to the front door and then out.

&nbsp;

�Stay silent slut� she said. I watched as
her expression became severe again and she started to fume.

&nbsp;

�You will NEVER assume to make alterations
to your orders; never, ever. You will do EXACTLY as you are told to. You have
disappointed me slave, really you have. I was pleased with you, you know, but
now you have annoyed me. You will learn that that is not a good thing to do �

&nbsp;

I lay there, frozen with terror as she
regained her control. Her eyes narrowed and she calmly told me to lie flat on
my back. 

&nbsp;

I did it, almost in a trance, whimpering
with fear. I couldn�t even beg pathetically, she had taken even that option
from me.

&nbsp;

�Freeze� she said and at once, like in her
office, I was immobile; rigid like a board and stuck, unable to move, on my
back.

&nbsp;

When I realised that she had done this, I struggled,
frenziedly, to move; to shake myself about; to scream my lungs out - but
nothing happened, not a damn thing. Inwardly I was crying my heart out; I knew
no peace at all and felt like my mind was about to snap.

&nbsp;

Then I heard that she had said something,
but I couldn�t hear the words. 

&nbsp;

It was sudden and it was so brutal. It
hurts me now, so terribly, to even think about it and I don�t think that it is
possible to adequately convey exactly how severe my pain was. 

&nbsp;

In a split second, my entire body was rapt
with agony. 

&nbsp;

I felt such intense, such unbearable,
lancing pains, that I could never have imagined such a degree of suffering was
humanly possible. As it tore through me I understood, in my torture, that my
Mistress had inflicted this upon me, as my lesson and I would never forget it.

&nbsp;

Every part of me; my arms, legs, stomach,
breasts, my genitals and my face; coarsed with searing, white-hot agony; like I
had been thrown into a steaming cauldron of boiling fat. My skin was obviously refusing
to cook, so the pain didn�t subside as my nerves were eventually eaten away by
the fire. It was so perfectly torturous, so excruciatingly violent and
exquisitely unendurable. I could never have possibly conceived of such complete
suffering. I was sure that I was dying as my soul was ripped out and my body
was being gradually but thoroughly destroyed. 

&nbsp;

Unimaginably, almost worse than the sheer
physical pain, was the raw terror that accompanied it. It was as if a switch
had been thrown in the darkest recess of my mind and my deepest, most
pre-eminent emotions had been activated, fully. I felt the fear fevering up
inside me. It rose and multiplied, over and over, until I was petrified; consumed
with the dread of my own certain impending doom. I felt like the sheer unabated
terror would fracture my mind, splitting it forever into a thousand pieces. I
lay there perfectly still, screaming dementedly to myself, wanting only to
cease existing, so that my suffering could end. I lost track of time completely
but I now know that it was twenty seconds before I was shocked out of it and
was perfectly awake. A mere twenty seconds was all it took and it had felt like
five minutes. The torture had stopped but I was far from normal, it had stamped
me; burning itself indelibly into me and branding my mind. I was now scarred, it formed a reminder of the consequences of my
disobedience and of my Mistress�s displeasure. In twenty seconds, she had
broken me, utterly.

&nbsp;

In hysterics and on the far verge of
sanity, I weakly but desperately crawled over to my Mistress and clutched hold
of her boot. The only thing that mattered was to not be punished any further. I
rejoiced as she didn�t kick me away. I wept and licked at her and I swore that
I was sorry, from the bottom of my heart. I pledged my unswerving obedience to
her in a desperate attempt to convince her not to return me to the pain.

&nbsp;

I looked up fearfully and she smiled down
at me. Her happiness filled me with hope and I renewed my pathetic efforts to
curry her favour; pressing my face into her black leather boot.

&nbsp;

When she finally told me to kneel and said
that my punishment was over, I wept tears of joy and devotedly thanked her over
and over. She must have taken some pity on me as she walked to me and touched
my head. As I heard her mutter something, I felt my mind start to calm and for
the first time, I started to regain control of myself. Sniffing repeatedly, I
knelt still as she stroked my head. 

&nbsp;

I felt a beautiful relief sweeping through
me with every touch of her fingers. I knelt at her feet and she ran them softly
through my hair. The happiness I felt as my Mistress petted me was just
overwhelming. When she stopped and sat on the sofa in front of me I could only
stare at her in a confused awe, wanting her touch; needing it even but not
understanding why. She had such extreme power over me,
she could elevate me or plunge me to hell with a word.

&nbsp;

She smiled at me again and clicked her
fingers. Within a second I was nestling and pressing my face and body against
her legs, a forgiven pet, weeping at the beauty of her mercy. I needed her
touch so badly. The punishment had been so awful; I needed to feel her
forgiveness. That she didn�t kick me away was enough and I revelled in the
knowledge, as I lovingly kissed her boots, that she was, once again, satisfied
with me.

&nbsp;

�You really are a natural slave you know�
she mused �I�ve really never seen such an intense reaction before�

&nbsp;

She lifted my face so that I looked up at
her. The stern, sadistic expression was gone and her face was almost warm with
a gentle smile. I was so confused with how I felt about.

&nbsp;

�Now you be a good girl and work hard at
your studies�

&nbsp;

I nodded at her, �Yes Mistress� 

&nbsp;

As she stood up, picked up her bag and
walked away, I almost wanted to reach after her. Watching her towering black
spike heels work their way towards the door I felt the memory of my punishment
resurface. As I struggled to keep from crying, I vowed that I would never,
ever, disobey her again; even if it meant taking a knife to myself.

&nbsp;

Tearfully, I went over to the computer to
start my training. I would have to work hard.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














PART 22

 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  463
  2007-05-12T23:21:00Z
  2007-05-12T23:21:00Z
  3
  1235
  7043
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  58
  16
  8262
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 22

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

As I stepped out of the house, I held my
fear in check and made a mental review of all the things I had to remember to
do; there was no way I could afford to fuck anything up. The day had been terribly
busy and actually just plain terrible. Now I was hurrying because I knew I didn�t
have much time to do what needed to be done.

&nbsp;

After another session licking, sucking and
fucking myself to exhaustion on the latex sensor-cock and being thoroughly
worked through increasingly complex routines by the computer, I had more sessions;
but this time, in other �disciplines�. I had not been able to approach them
relaxed and with a clear mind as once again, my jaw ached from all the blowjob
techniques I had been made to practice. As well as that, the muscles in my vagina
throbbed from over-exertion and I was breathless from spending the last twenty
minutes being forced to rapidly �bunny-fuck� the cock as I straddled the
training horse.

&nbsp;

Of the new classes, the first of which, had
been taken by Cara. 

&nbsp;

I was not interested in learning �Erotic
Dance� but I had been overjoyed to see her as she had stepped through the door
wearing her calm, worldly smile and a tight black track-suit. I had hugged her
tightly. After what Lisa had done earlier, she was now the closest thing to a
friend that I had and that was so depressing. I felt a little lump swell in my
throat as I thought that, but then forced a smile onto my face; I didn�t want
to lose her as well.

&nbsp;

As we had walked into the living room I saw
a logo on the back of her track-suit jacket. Written in pink, in cursive neon
lettering was the word �Zippers�. I had never heard of that brand before but before
I could ask her about it, I heard the door open a second time and, turning, I
could see Lisa come in. I looked away immediately but could hear that she was
carrying lots of bags. I wasn�t going to go and help her, not after what she
had done. She must have dumped the bags straight on the floor because in no
time she was in front of me, tearful, and on her knees.

&nbsp;

I looked down at her and just couldn�t hold
myself from crying as I saw her, weeping at my feet,

&nbsp;

�I�m so sorry Anita, please, you have to
believe me, I�m so, so sorry, so very sorry��I just couldn�t take what they were
going to do to me�.I didn�t mean to hurt you, I love you!...I just couldn�t�not
being put in that box�..not that�.�

&nbsp;

She was hysterically upset, barely able to
speak with her frantic sobbing. I couldn�t bear to see her like that. I had
been so hurt that she had betrayed me but, now that I had felt that unspeakably
evil thing myself, I could understand why she had done it. Maybe I would have
done the same had I been threatened with more of it; I couldn�t say. Either
way, we both had far too much to deal with, without any difficulties between
us. I wasn�t going to punish her any more, even though she had so readily sold
me down the river. I could see that she had suffered with her guilt already and
was clearly and terribly sorry.

&nbsp;

I knelt down next to her and held her. I
told her that it was okay. She grabbed me tightly and tried to break a smile
through her tears. I kissed her and she struggled to look at me again. I could
see that it would take a lot before she could forgive herself for what she had
done to me. She knew exactly what she had condemned me to and she knew the
magnitude of her act.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Ahem�, Cara cleared her throat loudly
�come on now you two. You have work to do now. You will behave and you will apply
yourselves to this; as if I�m not happy, you will both be punished again. I
have control and punishment privileges over both of you and I will use them if
I don�t think you are working your hardest. You will remember that and you will
treat me as a Mistress�

&nbsp;

I was a lot happier with Cara than my other
two Mistresses. We both knelt in front of her and she had us strip there. She
had us both wearing only our shoes; I fetched and tied on my white ankle-boots.
She had then stood each of us up and had inspected and then adjusted our
posture. She spent a good time teaching us a number of poses and then cycled us
through them calling out each one by name - �Hands on hips�, �Look at my tits�,
�From behind��.etc�

&nbsp;

She then spent an hour showing us some
basic dance moves. 

&nbsp;

She put a disc into my player and made us
sway and gyrate our hips to the pulse of the beat. She told us to practice that
whenever we had a few spare moments, she wanted the basic rhythm to become like
second nature to us. As the lesson moved on, she had each of us trying to lap
dance in front of her as she sat on one of my dining chairs, giving us pointers.


&nbsp;

She had brought a crop with her which she
had taken from her bag after the first few minutes. She still had her kindly
way about her but there was no mistaking that she was here to train us and was
very much in charge. I felt a lot less nervous in front of her, while she was
holding a whip, than I did in front of Vivienne, even if she had nothing. I
knew that Cara would have no option but to treat us like this. She would have
the threat of her own punishment hanging over her, to be instigated if she
didn�t achieve results with us.

&nbsp;

She was, however, a superb teacher. She
expressed what she wanted us to do very clearly and encouraged us when we did
it properly. Halfway through the session, I lowered myself, bending my knees,
keeping my back straight, swaying in front of her, with my hands above my head
as she had shown me, so I was lifting my breasts. My mouth was parted as she
had shown us and my tongue was just visible inside my lips, like I was ready to
kiss or lick. She wanted me to have my legs further apart for that move. I
didn�t resent her for training me, I knew she had to, but it didn�t lessen the
pain from her riding crop as she switched me cruelly on my inner thighs telling
me to look like I was lowering myself, needfully,
onto a lovely, erect penis.

&nbsp;

A tear of pain in my eye, I repeated the
move for her, pretending that I was slipping myself over a stiff cock until she
smiled, nodded and beckoned Lisa over to try the same. She told Lisa that her
Mistress would want to see her feminine needs too, so she would make the same
display that I had. She threw herself into it and escaped the lashing that I
had received. Soon after however, she was whipped for not smiling and not
looking enthusiastic or hot enough as she danced. As this was a more serious
transgression, Cara beat her with ten fearsome strokes across her breasts. Lisa
stood still with her hands behind her back, holding her breasts forward,
yelping miserably with each blow. At the end, the tears ran down her face.

&nbsp;

I had tried my hardest to do that well, the
whole way through, as it was the first and most important lesson that Cara had
stressed to us � in all things we did, we must look like we were joyful, horny,
appreciative and desperate for sex. Following her advice, I tried to imagine
that I was deliriously hungry for sex as I danced. I pumped and ground my body
like a whore and it helped me to avoid her whip. I felt like such a slut
though.

&nbsp;

After the dancing I was even more fatigued
and was glad that my next session was a less physical one. In fact, the
�Behaviour� session consisted of just me, alone, doing some research. I sat in
front of the computer screen while Lisa sat behind me, noisily lapping at the
artificial pussy while the computer gave her instructions.

&nbsp;

I followed the programme that was laid out
for me. I was to browse through the extremely comprehensive library on the hard
drive and the internet and �get ideas� for my role as a �slut�. The focus was
not to be on sexual technique but rather how a girl behaved and if there were
any mannerisms, touches or finesses that I could pick up or develop. After
sufficient time, I would be interviewed with a view to planning my behaviours.
My mind looked back to the time Vivienne and Trisha had sat me down in the Caf�;
I knew how effective their interviews could be. As I read the instructions, I
could feel that I was being subconsciously forced into a state where I would,
once again, not be able to hold anything back. As I looked down the list of
titles and I felt my hand move the mouse pointer, I despaired and felt a sense
of woe in my very soul. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Later that day, after being given quarter of an hour to dress, I stood
in front of my Mistress once more

 
  Andrew
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  134
  2007-05-12T23:22:00Z
  2007-05-12T23:22:00Z
  7
  2578
  14697
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  122
  34
  17241
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 23

&nbsp;

Later that day, after being given quarter
of an hour to dress, I stood in front of my Mistress once more. Lisa had left
the flat, I had no idea why, and I was all alone with Vivienne. I was quaking
and was so glad that she was smiling. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

When she had arrived we had sat down
together at my table and �talked� about my afternoon of research. Out of
everything that she had done to me, I could see that she got the most pleasure
from systematically teasing my distastes, fears and weaknesses from me so that
she could toy with me, before making me do the same, awful things. I would even
have rather spent the whole afternoon wracking my body, pleasing the machine,
than being made to slowly but deliberately hammer nails into my own future.

&nbsp;

To start with, after she had instantly
rendered me fully obedient, I had shown her a video of a girl walking. I had
found it after having been horrifyingly, and consequently irresistibly, drawn
to the title. I hated the way that the loop had been set up inside me. I would scan
my way down a list or look at some pictures or films. The ones that I were most
afraid of, most scared about being made to do and the most appropriate for a
�slut� would be obvious. I would then be compelled to examine them. The walk
had been one such instance. The girl from �Desperate Cum Sluts� had me
whimpering with shame. Her walk, the things she did and the things she said;
and how she said them. I had never seen a woman behave in such a disgraceful
way before; so explicitly wantonly, she had not a shred of dignity about her. That
accursed film would lead to a wealth of misery and despondent humiliation for
me.

&nbsp;

The girl on the screen was dressed scarily
similar to how I had been; she wore white heels and a pink dress and even large
gold earrings. She approached the camera with a walk that would have been
described as �sultry� if it was about a tenth as extreme. The way it was, it
could only have been described as utterly depraved. It was not the sexy,
business-summoning walk of a whore; it was the wanton, debauched walk of a
nymphomaniac, overcome and peeking with raw lust. The look on her face was one
of obsession and deep, basal need; you could see that she longed for a cock in
her, anywhere. I looked away in shame but Vivienne grabbed my face and shoved
it back towards the screen. I watched her again; sullen and resigned. 

&nbsp;

As I watched her slowly writhe forward,
offering herself to the viewer, I looked at Vivienne, watching the screen
herself with a wide, satisfied grin on her face.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She had me emulating the walk in my own
living room. She made me get the face right in my mirror and then practice the
walk, watching myself. It wasn�t hard to do, physically at least, although the
thought of anyone seeing me putting on such a display was just too much and I
had to keep pushing the anxiety from my mind.

&nbsp;

That wasn�t the worst of it by far though. 

&nbsp;

I had clammed up when Vivienne had asked me
what else I had found. She had smiled knowingly at me and I had tried to shrink
away; like a puppy, knowing she was going to the kennels. She had then looked
very pleased and snapped her fingers, pointing to the floor next to her chair.
I had quickly got up and knelt right next to her, on the floor. She put her
hand in my head, scratching at me with her long nails and took a grasp of my
hair, bending my head upwards to face her.

&nbsp;

�I�ll let you show your Mistress from down
here� she grinned down at me.

&nbsp;

I was starting to cry as I reached up and
moved the film on to a bookmark that I had set earlier.

&nbsp;

As the film played I could only see my
Mistress�s face. I watched as a wicked smile formed and her lips separated into
an evil grin.

&nbsp;

�Oh yes slut, I definitely approve�

&nbsp;

I sank my head onto her leg and wept,

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress� I said.

&nbsp;

The film had shown the same girl, the �heroine�,
the �desperate cum slut� herself, finally getting her satisfaction. She had
sucked her co-star�s huge cock with a gusto that suggested it was essential to
her survival, like it contained some sort of antidote. Then, just before his
climax, he had pulled out of her mouth and while she had left it wide open for
him, he had unloaded spoonfuls of thick white semen onto her face and into her
mouth. I found the whole thing quite repulsive but it was the part that
followed that I was showing my Mistress.

&nbsp;

The girl looked like her most incredible
dream had just come true as she relished the cum in her mouth. It was the look
on her face, there was no mistaking what she was. Then, slowly and carefully
she wiped up some more of the cum on her face and slowly, savouringly, put her
finger in her mouth sucking on the precious juice. She closed her eyes in ecstasy
as she, one by one, licked he fingers clean, savouring every drop of the delicious
cum. The show that she was making was the most humiliating sex act I could have
thought of at that time. It had me quivering in my Mistress�s lap. I had tasted
a tiny amount of cum before and I had hated it.

&nbsp;

�Go and get a yoghurt from the fridge, slut.
We are going to have you practice doing that in front of the mirror, you have
three minutes and then you will give me a show�

&nbsp;

I rushed out tearfully, another nightmare
coming true. I was soon pretending that I was the same sperm-crazed whore. I
lustfully and slowly licked my fingers clean, scooping the yoghurt from my face
and licking at it like it was the most joyous delicacy. I kept my eyes focused
on myself in the mirror and tried as hard as I could not to start crying.

&nbsp;

A snap of the fingers from Vivienne
followed and she knelt me down below her again. She took the spoon and
gleefully flicked a blob onto my cheek. I then gave her the same show, fixing
her eyes with my own and trying to look as depraved as possible. I hated what I
was being made to do from the absolute depth of my soul, but the alternative
was just not an option. I visualised myself as the girl from the film as I
slowly lowered another fingertip of white yoghurt onto my wanting tongue. My
heart felt like it was breaking as she smiled down at me and after a while, flicked
another glob onto me saying,

&nbsp;

�Good slut! I think this will be your
little party trick. You will do it after every cum, what do you think?�

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress� I submitted and then,
sobbing, I tried to squeeze the words out, there was a little more, something
from my own twisted mind.

&nbsp;

��Mistress��.I think��.that I should say
that���I just love cum so much�

&nbsp;

As a further idea formed my sobbing
intensified

&nbsp;

�Good girl, that�s it, let it all out� she
stroked my head

&nbsp;

�Maybe I should scoop some cum out of me, if
that�s where it is, and do the same sometimes�..Oh please Mistress�don�t make
me do that!�

&nbsp;

I collapsed into a fit of sobbing. She
slapped me hard round the face but was smiling at me

&nbsp;

�You know better than to say that, but
since you feel that way, we can have you do that as well�

&nbsp;

She smiled down at me and stroked my head
as I wept into her lap. She was so cruel to me that there was nothing else that
I could do. I no longer had any hope of mercy from her; it just felt better to
cry on someone, even if that person was the complete cause of all my misery.
She let me cry in her lap for a good long time, I�m sure she must have enjoyed
it. It was after that that she sent me off to shower. She told me to wash
myself thoroughly and return to her only in what I needed to walk with. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

When I returned, after our �little sit
down�, Vivienne had further enjoyed herself at my expense. I had tensed and squirmed
a she had opened a large medical bag onto the table and she had told me to sit
down next to her and to thrust my breasts out at her. 

&nbsp;

I started to tremble as I saw her take out
some medical gloves and a bottle of antiseptic. I squeezed my hands tight
trying to stay still even though I was almost paralysed with fear. I wondered
how much it was possible for one person to take as I saw her take out two huge
syringes, each filled with a clear liquid. I looked at her in terror as her
face took on its demonic smile once more. 

&nbsp;

�Please� my eyes begged her �I can�t take
much more�

&nbsp;

She reached over and took hold of my left
breast. I almost screamed with fear as she touched me lightly. My obvious
discomfort made her laugh loudly. She told me to keep still or she would fist
me again. She lifted my breast and examined the suture line. Then she did the
same to the other one. I just wished that I was dead. I seriously considered
her offer of spending the rest of my life paralysed, being institutionally
abused. 

&nbsp;

�These are healing beautifully Anita. The
stitches will already be starting to dissolve and your scars look very neat;
tiny in fact, but good and strong; certainly ready to be�..tested, just a
little�

&nbsp;

As she ran her finger along the scar lines,
I shivered at the unsettling touch. It was a mix of hypersensitive, healing,
inflamed breast-skin and numb, nerveless scar-tissue. I shook at the occasional
shooting bursts of electric, burning pain as she rubbed firmly against the
severed nerves along each incision, causing them to fire-off, randomly. She was
in no hurry to stop playing with me, I was like a pet to her, a toy and she was
starting to really upset me.

&nbsp;

�He is such an excellent surgeon� she
mused, turning to her medical instruments �he always gets such good results.
And oh my God!...Very fuckable too, didn�t you think�

&nbsp;

She put on the sterile latex gloves and started
to soak some gauze. I could smell the clinical scent of the antiseptic as she
lifted the dripping gauze with some forceps and turned towards me. I was
frozen. She grabbed my left breast firmly and started to swab the cold, flowing
liquid around my nipple. I broke a cold sweat. Thin lines of pink fluid ran
down, over my breasts and down my belly, as she rubbed and worked my nipple and
the area around it. I could feel the copious, spilling antiseptic, cold, and
seeping down to my thighs. I watched her, trembling, as she took a second gauze
and did the same to my other breast.

&nbsp;

A memory from the day at the caf� came back
to me. Under Vivienne�s wicked spell of such brutal self-betraying honesty, she
had had to stop me when I had gotten onto the subject of having my body
pierced. Getting carried away with my own hideous self-�slut� concept, I had
envisaged, amongst other things, a pair of thick nipple rings. I had been
relieved when she had prevented me from telling her about them, but now my
fears had not only returned but were boiling over as my nipples stood, erect
and chilled as the cleaning solution evaporated off them. I was terrified that
another of my nightmares would now be realised.

&nbsp;

I snatched a look at her tray as she took
further things from her bag. She was screwing long points onto the two syringes
that she had. There was a plastic sheath on each, but inside those, I could see
two thick needles. I spluttered out a sob at their sight. Why was I being made
to suffer so? What had I ever done to deserve this?

&nbsp;

Vivienne looked up from her tray. She let
out a chilling, callous cackle. She so loved to see me scared, trembling in
anticipation, not knowing what was going to happen to me.

&nbsp;

�I love it when we get to spend some
quality time together you know?� she said, lifting one of the syringes so that
it stood vertically, tip upwards. She gave the plunger the slightest test and I
could see a tiny droplet form within the plastic needle sheath.

&nbsp;

�Now slut. I know that you do so love your
new tits but I wonder if they are still just way too small for you�

&nbsp;

My lip trembled out a sob as she asked,

&nbsp;

�What do you think slut?�

&nbsp;

She looked at me, hard; she would only
accept one answer.

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress� my voice broke in quivering
tones as I tried hard not to cry.

&nbsp;

She fixed me with an ice cold stare and said
simply,

&nbsp;

�Beg�

&nbsp;

�I
started to cry properly now. Vivienne�s image blurred as I wept,

&nbsp;

�Please Mistress; I�d love to have big
tits��.�

&nbsp;

I sobbed to myself; it was one of the
things that she had done to me that I loathed the most. I hated the large
breasts that I was now made to wear and I was mortified when I had been made to
wear clothes that revealed and even emphasised them.

&nbsp;

I felt her latex clad hand on my face,
wiping at my tears.

&nbsp;

�I�m not convinced that you want them slut.
One more chance or maybe we�ll think about some punishment for you�

&nbsp;

�Please Mistress� I begged, I looked her in
the eyes and tried to look sincere �I want to have big sluttish tits�

&nbsp;

She looked at me

&nbsp;

��..I want to have huge tits and I want to
show them off, I want men to come on my huge bimbo tits�

&nbsp;

I was desperate to please her. As I saw her
mouth break a smile I breathed more easily.

&nbsp;

She laughed and then picked up one of the
syringes.

&nbsp;

�Please!� I whispered.

&nbsp;

She grabbed my breast and I watched in
absolute horror as she pulled the cap off the needle and turned to point it
towards me.

&nbsp;

�No!� I whispered, frozen with fear as she
pushed the tip to the skin just below my nipple and then plunged the needle
into my held bosom. I wept hysterically but kept still and obedient as she pushed
the needle in to its hilt. I watched as she started to press the plunger.

&nbsp;

�Now. Let�s watch you become even more of a
whore as they��.grow�

&nbsp;

As she slowly depressed the plunger and the
huge vial of liquid began to disappear I watched as my breast slowly started to
swell. My sobbing took on a frantic high pitch as Vivienne laughed loudly. I
thought that I would pass out as she pulled the needle out and gave my tit a
squeeze. It was visibly and palpably taut again, like it had been the week
before, when the implants had been fresh. I sobbed myself hoarse as she took
the second needle and did the same.

&nbsp;

As she depressed the second plunger, at her
instruction I repeated,

&nbsp;

�Please make my tits bigger Mistress, I so
want my whore tits big�

&nbsp;

As I wept the phrase out, she pushed the
fluid into me and I watched in revulsion as my other breast bulged and grew.
When she took the second needle out I broke down crying. She stood up and
dragged me by my hair to the bedroom. She thrust me in front of my dressing
mirror and held my head so I had to look at myself; at my chest. I saw her
smile of satisfaction as my sobbing was renewed afresh at the sight of my newly
stretched breasts.

&nbsp;

�We�ll be doing that little and often
Anita, till you look��remarkable� 

&nbsp;

With me still weeping uncontrollably, she
sent me away to dress, telling me that I would be subject to her inspection.
She told me to make myself look like the kind of big titted slut who would walk
the way I had shown her and dream of gobbling down as much cum as she could. As
soon as I was in my bedroom I fell to the floor and pounded it with sheer
frustration. My life was so horrible! I did this, but just for a few seconds as
I dared not displease my Mistress and risk being late or poorly dressed.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I stood in the pink dress with the open
sides and the elastic strips. My smooth crotch was bare to the world below the
tiny skirt that was snapped about the tops of my upper thighs. I had fretted
about my hair and make-up and had made sure that they were exactly as I had
been instructed; I looked like the proper porn-shoot bimbo that I was supposed
to. My freshly sore tits bulged dramatically against the stretched fabric and
pushed up and out of the cups in the dress. They presented an immense cleavage
between the zip-edges of my dark blue leather-look jacket. 

&nbsp;

There was no way that the jacket could
close around me. I so wanted to hide myself away in shame, to cover myself in a
huge smock. I couldn�t look at my chest or I would immediately start crying. I
looked straight ahead. 

&nbsp;

My look was completed by the white bag on
the gold chain and another pair of my new shoes. 

&nbsp;

Again I had to concentrate as I teetered on
high, five-inch stiletto heels; but this time I wore shoes rather than the
ankle boots. These were also patent white. Vivienne had told me at the time
that the white stilettos that so perfectly humiliated me would become a
constant feature of my outfits, like a trademark. My heart had sunk as I had
tottered around the sex shop in them, so perfectly degraded. She had made the
further point that they suited my virginal inexperience for the time being but,
in my case, they would soon form a delicious incongruity with the depraved slut
that I was to become. I had stared at her sullenly, like a bitch about to be
punished, like a little girl being forced to wear her mother�s choice of new shoes;
that she hated. Vivienne had stood there and smiled cooing over my new shoes.

&nbsp;

They were slightly pointed white pumps with
a thin strap that closed with a delicate gold buckle around my ankle. At the
side of my heels there were several little triangles and other shapes cut out,
so the pink flesh of my foot was visible and contrasted against the shiny white
of the plastic. They unequivocally shouted �trailer-trash� and I had sulked to
myself as I had deliberately selected them, today, for my Mistress and
reluctantly fastened them on. I so longed to go back to being �boring Anita�
again; to dress in dull, flat, brown shoes. I wished that I could go back in
time, burn that advert in the paper and spend the rest of my days dressed like
a woman twice my age; as a frump.

&nbsp;

�Walk for me slut� she purred.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Later that day, after being given quarter of an hour to dress, I stood
in front of my Mistress once more

 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  241
  2007-05-20T15:33:00Z
  2007-05-20T15:33:00Z
  4
  1110
  6327
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  52
  14
  7423
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






PART 24

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I immediately swallowed my pride, fixed my
gaze on my Mistress and tried to think like the girl in the video had perhaps
done. I tried to imagine that I was desperately horny. I knew that I had to
ooze confidence and throw myself into it; it really was an �all or nothing�
walk. I took a deep breath and then twisting on one foot, I slowly stepped my
other leg forward. My bare skin was on full display from the very top of my
thigh to the white plastic of my high heels. I was
such a whore. I stepped down so that I would put one foot almost in front of
the other; the height from my heels exaggerating the swing and forcing a sinuous,
filthily debauched, writhing from my hips as I moved. �

&nbsp;

I tried to keep it smoulderingly sexy and
focussed on my Mistress. I kept my mouth slightly gaping and the shame of my
busting cleavage pushed out crassly towards her. While I did this, my hands
started to move on my body. I felt like the girl in the film now, a depraved �cum-slut�,
and I knew I had to play the part as well as possible.

&nbsp;

She was smiling at me as I glided across
the room to her.

&nbsp;

�Good� she nodded keenly �very good slut! Keep
that going, and work those hands up to those tits! Show me how much you love
them!�

&nbsp;

I swallowed quickly, burying the urge to
dissolve into tears one more time. I worked my hands up until I held handfuls
of my own inflated breasts. By this time I was standing right in front of her.
She giggled at my earnest display, I blushed intensely; I could never win with
her.

&nbsp;

�Good slut� she said as she stood up. 

&nbsp;

She stood just slightly taller than me, in
spite of the height of my heels.

&nbsp;

�One more thing before you hit the road�

&nbsp;

She walked out, leaving me standing there.
I had so feared having to go out again. 

&nbsp;

I heard her in the bedroom and then she
walked into the kitchen. I heard the banging of pans and the tap running and
then some quiet movement. I stood, alone, dressed like a prostitute, in my own
living room. I tentatively tried to pull the jacket edges closer together, to
try and cover myself a little more. It was totally futile; the jacket was too
small for that. So I just stood there, nervously working my balance from shoe
to shoe.

&nbsp;

After several minutes Vivienne came back
in. I could hear water boiling on the stove in the kitchen.

&nbsp;

�You are going to be so hot tonight slut�
she purred mischievously.

&nbsp;

I dared not even turn round as I heard her
walk up behind me. I felt the chain from my bag and then she spun me round to
face her. She was looking straight into me, I had to look down. She took the
chain again, this time from the front, and led me forwards.

&nbsp;

�Go to the bedroom and sit at your table�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

In no time, Vivienne had me watching in the
mirror as she carefully, one by one, started to remove the studs from my ears.
Each one was sore and I could see, as she placed each one on my dressing table,
the specks of dried blood on the pins. I counted all six out of each ear as I
sat there motionless, nervously watching her careful movements. 

&nbsp;

She went back to the kitchen and soon
returned with one of my pans and a small bottle; clearly something that she had
brought herself. She placed the pan down on the table and then reached into it.
I could see her grinning as she pulled out the first, and largest, of my new
matching earrings. My heart groaned, silently.

&nbsp;

She just hummed a little to herself as she
wiped the pin of the earring with some of her antiseptic and then moved towards
my ear. I felt a sting from the alcohol and an aching as she pushed the metal
through the young piercing; then she clipped the bar onto its fastening. I
watched in misery as she returned her hand to the pan and the hideous ornament
continued to hang from me. 

&nbsp;

Within a few seconds, she was hanging the �next
size down� earring in the piercing above on the same ear. It was all I could do
to sit still and tolerate the humiliation without reacting. I resisted
protesting and I tried my hardest to not give in and give her the pleasure of
seeing how I really felt. I watched helplessly as she gradually set all the
earrings in place. To my horror, I saw the brazen tart, my perfect �slut
alter-ego� starting to emerge in the mirror. The nightmare concept-woman that I
had always despised but had only fully conceived of and crystallised that day
at the caf�, was now coming into fruition. 

&nbsp;

When she had finished, to �rub my face in
it�, she made me make some of my �slut faces� into the mirror. She made me turn
my head to the sides as I did them, to show off my new earrings. She had me
licking the air in front of me, �wishing for some cock� as she put it,
deliberately rocking my head a little to make the obscene amount of gold dangle
and sway in my ears. She told me to push my breasts out more. I felt a crushing
wave of panic envelope me as she returned from the kitchen with another yoghurt. She made me practice my �party trick� with
my earrings and newly inflated breasts. With her eyes fixed on me, every second
of it was torture.

&nbsp;

I tried my best to put on a good show for
her. As she laughed and taunted me, calling me her �ultimate whore� and a �desperate
cum slut�, all I wanted to do was to crawl under my bed-sheets, hide and grasp
one of my teddies. I wanted to wish myself away; to another place or another
time.

&nbsp;

My fear only continued to rise when she
handed me a bottle of lubricant and told me to make sure I was fit to deliver
�pussy services�. In abject humiliation, as she watched me, I hitched up my
skirt and rubbed a generous amount of the warm, oily liquid onto my folds and
deep into myself. I tried my best not to be churlish as I did it. God knows I
had never been sunk to such depths before!

&nbsp;

�Your assignment will test your sluttish
abilities today Anita� Vivienne finally spoke.

&nbsp;

Her tone was neutral and instructive and on
this occasion, that worried me. If she was going to merely expose me, as I was,
I�m sure she would have been a lot less pleasant with me; she would have
taunted me.

&nbsp;

�You are going to do your first �double�
today�

&nbsp;

I looked at her in the mirror.

&nbsp;

�You are going to get a man off, twice; once
with your mouth and once with your cunt�

&nbsp;

I saw her smile at the pleading expression
that took to my face.

&nbsp;

�It�s an excellent way of testing your
technique. A man will come practically immediately when confronted by such a sexy
slut as you. Make no mistake slave, you look like you
have come straight out of a man�s wank-fantasy�

&nbsp;

I blushed.

&nbsp;

�But the second come is more difficult as
he has just been spent. It will be a measure of your technique and skills. It
will test your ability to please him, to excite him�

&nbsp;

I wanted to cry

&nbsp;

�If you fail to get him off twice in, oooooh�.say��twenty-five minutes, then there will be a
punishment session waiting for you when you get back, a�.lengthy one�.Its just as
simple as that slut�

&nbsp;

I felt like I was going to pass out.

&nbsp;

�Now don�t fret� she laughed, reaching out
to me and holding my cheek �you can do that, Anita, believe me when I tell you
this; but you�ll have to use your sluttish wiles. You�ll have to use all the
things you�ve learnt today, your face, your walk, your party trick, your dance
moves as you slide up and down him, anything you like�

&nbsp;

She was smiling and stroking me, almost
fondly, like she wanted me to succeed.

&nbsp;

�I don�t care. Just make sure he gets off
twice�

&nbsp;

Her smile faded.

&nbsp;

�I�m making it easy as well; he�s already a
client of yours�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Later that day, after being given quarter of an hour to dress, I stood
in front of my Mistress once more

 
  Normal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  248
  2007-06-09T20:28:00Z
  2007-06-09T20:28:00Z
  5
  2010
  11457
  Global Hyper Mega Net Inc
  95
  26
  13441
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

&nbsp;

PART 25

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was a crisp, icy day but very bright.
Having been stuck indoors all day, I had to squint as the sun glared into my
face. I shuddered as I stood outside, in the open; anyone could see me now. I
had to keep my mind on the task, on the job, otherwise it would implode. I
corrected my posture, took a deep breath and then started walking. Not the �exhibition�
from the video, but my �normal� slut�s gait. I strutted and moved like I was
cruising for business. I had to take small steps but I took them quickly as I
knew Vivienne would soon be behind me, ready to be my voyeur; as if the phone
transmitting from my bag wasn�t bad enough.

&nbsp;

I saw a figure starting to round the corner
ahead of me. My heart started to pound, I couldn�t believe I was going to be
seen, in cold daylight, looking like I was. I reaffirmed my resolution to avoid
the pain; I would have to be able to deal with this. 

&nbsp;

As we neared each other, I could see that
he was behaving strangely. He was trying to snatch glances at me without making
it obvious. His obvious discomfort actually made me feel a little better, like
I was not so severely disadvantaged. He ignored me as we passed each other and
I breathed a sigh of relief. I could do this, hopefully.

&nbsp;

The second figure around the corner was a
woman; then a second woman appeared, walking with her. My hope disappeared.
They were about my age and fashionably dressed, in dark coats. They both wore stylish
leather boots with heels and had �designer� looking handbags. One was blonde,
with a long ponytail, the other had an angular, fashionable �bob� haircut. As
one of them noticed me, I saw her hand go to her mouth. She was talking behind
it. The other girl then looked for me. When she caught me, she visibly
sniggered. I wanted to scream! I wanted to scream at the top of my voice; to
scream my lungs out. I was fully exposed, helpless in front of them.

&nbsp;

The intertwined ticking of our heels
gradually merged as we neared each other. I could see that they were stifling
their amusement; trying to hold straight faces. I did the only thing I could, I
smiled. The girls stared, with eyes like the heads of nails. Their looks, although
evasive, were of contempt; contempt for being a slut. I saw the disbelief in
their faces as they noticed, when they were close enough; how extreme my
earrings were; the little ring through my fingernail; my swollen, surgical lips
and my �tits�; begging for attention. It was all I could do to just keep moving
and not turn around to run back inside. When they were behind me, I did not
turn round, I didn�t want to see them looking back and laughing at me. I filled
up with a deep, shameful crimson. My throat felt tight. I reached up and
touched it, trying to loosen a tight blouse that wasn�t there. I felt my
�Anita� necklace nestling above and between the heads of my collarbones. My
God, what did I look like!?

&nbsp;

To stop the mentally downward spiral
towards collapse, I ran through my checklist again; as a distraction. I brought
myself back to the job at hand. I had to remember everything; the walk, the face,
the moves Cara had taught me and worst of all, the thing that Vivienne kept
calling my �party trick�. Glancing behind me, I saw Vivienne emerging from my
block of flats; I knew I had to get on with it. I took a deep breath and as I
heard the clicking from my Mistress�s spike-heels, gradually getting louder, I
set off, around the corner.

&nbsp;

The noise from pneumatic drilling
immediately hit me. I had been so absorbed in my shame that I had not really noticed
it. There were half a dozen men working on the road, all wearing hard-hats and
fluorescent yellow over-vests. I couldn�t believe the situation I was in, it
was just unreal. I tried to imagine that I was in a trance as I found my target
amongst the workforce. With one further thought about the punishment, to drive
me, I started to strut. I went through my confidence routine, like the previous
night. I tried to feel like I was Julia Roberts again. Fuck it, I tried to
imagine that I was the whore from �Desperate Cum Sluts�. I tried to tap her
well of shamelessness. Amongst the noise, I somehow made out the sound of high
heels behind me. I wished it was Cara. I would have felt a little better if it
was her who was with me. It would have been harder doing it alone, but it was
worst doing it for the amusement of Vivienne.

&nbsp;

I flicked my head high. I felt a cold
splash from the dangling golden hearts at the sides of my neck; I felt like
such a slut. For the first time, I tried to consciously draw power from that. I
harnessed the slut�s confident abandon, that uncaring, almost oblivious regard
for her shame. I channelled that feeling into my walk. I was completely
conscious of my legs and breasts, perfectly displayed, as my man set down his
bucket and chanced to look up. I saw him freeze, dead, like he�d seen a ghost.
I swallowed and he watched, mesmerized as I started my performance. It was slightly
easier to do at that distance but as soon as I saw his jaw drop I knew that I
had two choices. I could either submit to the raging shame swelling inside me,
or I could ride my way through this, become the slut of his dreams and seduce
him.

&nbsp;

There was no way I could take the horror of
Vivienne�s punishment again. I blew him a kiss as I became �her�. I told myself
I was playing a role; that it wasn�t really me. As that thought started to ease
my pain, the �naughty slut� smile on my face started to feel more relaxed, and
as a double-edged sword, more natural. I ignored the little voice at the back
of my mind; my dignity.

&nbsp;

I started to think �I need a fuck, God I
need a fuck so badly, and I want it from you!�

&nbsp;

It was like a mantra, to brainwash myself.
Even the swelling self hatred that was building inside me was not powerful
enough to match Vivienne�s punishment. I though it over and over again as my
walk became more and more depraved. My pelvis was swinging and grinding as I
writhed as lustfully as I could towards him. My focus was on my mark, solely. I
didn�t care about the other men, as they stopped their work. At least that�s
what I told myself. The blush across my face and neck told a different story
though. The drilling and clanking gradually subsided to a total halt. Against
the background sound of the traffic, they could now hear the clicking of my
stiletto heels on the concrete. I pressed my chest out. I would use my hated tits
now; they would become an asset and would help me to get this awful job done.

&nbsp;

My man was obviously flushed but had
regained some control and was now walking towards me. I heard the first whistle
from his mate, and then they all started. It was to a melee of wolf-whistles,
calling and howling that I stopped my strutting and took a pose; my right hand
on my hip, my foot turned out to the side, my bag hanging down on the left and
my head turned and cocked slightly. I kept my lips parted, trying to imagine I
was in the middle of my programme on the training machine, anticipating taking
the cock into it. I hoped the cake of foundation I had on my face was enough to
hide my utter shame.

&nbsp;

�My God, I mean�..Wow!....I
mean��Wow!....Anita!......You look��.Amazing!� he spluttered. His eyes were all
over me, he didn�t know where to look. Feeling that it was the only way I could
carry on, I drank in his lust and started to feel some power from it. Damn it,
I started to feel in control a little, like this guy was ruled by his dick and
that at the moment, I was ruling that. This had to work in my favour.

&nbsp;

I slowed my walk down. I made a conscious
decision to become his temptress, albeit an easily obtainable one. I wanted to
drive him wild, he would need to be able to come twice, in twenty five minutes.
He was paralysed as I stepped right up to him and reached up to his face.

&nbsp;

I moved, tantalizingly, towards him and
slowly, painfully slowly, moved to kiss him. At the last moment, as he closed
his eyes, I moved to the side, to his cheek and lightly bushed my lip against
it, breathing onto him. I felt him moan. I had to cash in now, I had to go in
for the kill. I looked him I the eyes.

&nbsp;

�I need you inside me� I breathed seriously
�I need you now�

&nbsp;

It was a cheesy, porn-film line but it
worked. I saw him swallow. One of his mates was shouting, �Go on son! Give �er one from me!�

&nbsp;

This was met with cheering and more
whistling. I looked at him and smiled, 

&nbsp;

�Go on, give me one� I thought as I made my
slut face for him. I tried to project that thought at him.

&nbsp;

�Come with me� he said, looking around shiftily.

&nbsp;

I took hold of his arm, becoming his girl.
A sudden wave of panic hit me, was I really doing this? How was I going through
with seducing this guy? Why was I not shrinking away in embarrassment? Where
was my dignity?

&nbsp;

As I felt his thick, tight muscles, the
realisation that I was a woman, giving myself to him consumed me. I felt so
female, so female that it almost melted me. Then I remembered that I was, of
all females, a pleasure girl for his amusement; a trainee whore; a slut,
learning her trade. Instead of screaming, �No!� as loud as I could, I squeezed
his arm and looked into his eyes. As he looked longingly back, I licked my lips
and said

&nbsp;

�Come on lover, I want to taste you� 

&nbsp;

I thought I saw his pupils dilate there and
then. He quickened the pace and I had to concentrate to walk that fast in my
white stilettos. As we made for a side street, we passed Vivienne. She
completely blanked me but it was enough to remind me of my true purpose, my
true condition. Instantly upset and struggling once more to hold it all
together, I gripped hold of the man�s arm and took some comfort from the fact
that not everyone wanted to see me suffering. After the treatment that I was
getting used to from Vivienne, I started to warm to the idea of some company
that would treat me nicely; even if it meant giving my body to them for some
easy love.

&nbsp;

I wanted to ask him things. As my emotions
started to carry me away, I started to get upset again. I didn�t even know his
name; the second man that I had ever had sexual relations with and was now
about to �double�. I felt the pain of Vivienne�s cruelty again. She had stroked
my head before I had left the flat. She had given me a couple of further rules.
Next to what she had already done to me, they seemed so trifling, but now I was
feeling their sting.

&nbsp;

She had told me �No conversation outside of
sex-talk�.

&nbsp;

At the time, it had been the last thing on
my mind. Now, as we walked, hurriedly and silently to the makeshift venue for
our encounter, I wanted to talk to him. I wanted to at least know his name. I
wanted to tell him that he was only my second man ever. I wanted to let him
know that, so that maybe he would treat me with special care and attention. But
that was my former self talking. It was �Slut Anita�, and her only, who was
allowed or able to talk to him. The closest I could come to expressing myself
was,

&nbsp;

�My! Someone�s in a hurry?!�, a desperate
attempt to invite a compliment, to hear that he cared for me. As the pause lengthened,
I released the tension; it wouldn�t do to have my �client� feeling
uncomfortable,

&nbsp;

�And it�s me baby, I want to fuck you dry�

&nbsp;

As the ache weighed in my heart, I
recognised the truth of how lonely I was. I would be intimate with this man yet
we would remain strangers. �

&nbsp;

As I thought of what I had just said, I
wondered how I was thinking of these things, I really was not that kind of
woman normally. I almost sobbed aloud when I remembered that the girl in the
video had said exactly that! 

&nbsp;

I had subconsciously absorbed and assimilated
it. Her behaviour was becoming mine. What was I turning into?

&nbsp;

Whatever it was, regardless of my own
despair at it, he was responding to it.

&nbsp;

�Oh you will! Don�t you worry, I�ve got
more for you, more of what you got last night. God you were so hot, I�ve��well,
I�ve never been with anyone like you before Anita, you�re just so
damn��well��.Fucking hot!�

&nbsp;

At that he stopped. He turned me towards
him. I could see, in his eyes, he was overcome with raw desire, for me. He
pulled me close, one hand between my shoulder blades, the other down, on my
left cheek. I felt enveloped by him and while his embrace was driven by his rising
lust, it was warm and loving too. His touch was firm but sensitive. I
responded, like I knew I should, by rubbing my knee up his leg and running my
shoe up his calf. When my thigh was horizontal, he hooked his forearm under it,
supporting it. My God, I felt his fingers fishing under my skirt. We were still
on the street, in broad daylight!

&nbsp;

He pulled me in, so I was so close that I
could rub myself against his leg. I heard him gasp and moan as his fingers
brushed across the perfectly smooth, bare skin atop my labia. I didn�t realise
that my bare skin would be so exciting for him. I made a huge moan of pleasure
when he started, with a finger inside me, to gently rub around the outer part
of my tunnel. It felt good. I�m ashamed to say that after all the punishment
and sadistic torture that I had been forced to endure, I allowed myself to
enjoy the feeling; to lose myself in the lovely sensation. While we were not
able to be intimate mentally, we could be one physically. His touch, for that
moment, freed me. It was the most welcome contrast to my Mistress, who wanted
to cut parts out of me or burn holes in my mind. I would allow myself to be his
and it was all right anyway, because that was what my Mistress wanted.

&nbsp;













PART 26


When we had got to his van, I had taken control. I knew the clock was starting and, in the parked Mercedes across the street, sat Vivienne Black. There was no way I was going to risk being punished. I sat him down and was straight onto my knees. Trying to project hungry, lustful thoughts, I fixed his eyes with my lips parted, licking them. At the same time, my hands were at his trousers, unfastening them. He had reached down and stripped his own belt off in seconds, by which time I had his buttons undone and was starting to tug his trousers down to his ankles. The grit and dust on the floor bit into my knees and marred the perfect white of my shoes, but I ignored it. Instead, I gently lifted his pants over his bulging erection and pulled them down. Keeping eye contact, but without lingering, I set to work on him there and then. It wasn&#8217;t long before I was locked into the training sequence that had started to burn itself into my mind. To me it was an almost robotic sequence, a choreographed set of moves, all performed with smiling fervour. Vivienne was right; in no time at all he came.

It took all the discipline that I had to not open my mouth and scream in disgust. I felt the pulses of warm salty semen unload into my mouth. I wanted to be sick. Instead I had to grin at him and pull off him. 

My soul was shouting &#8216;No!&#8217; as I was then forced to do that most dehumanising and hideous act. Vivienne&#8217;s evil, controlling grin was loud in my mind as I made sure the last droplets of his seed spilt onto my face. That was vital for what had to come next.

I was burning with such deep, deep resentment of her but I kept my composure. He was spent but was still hypnotically fixed on me, fascinated. I licked my lips and I saw his mouth open in disbelief. Girls like me didn&#8217;t exist, not for real, not outside of porn films. I saw his eyes widen as I formed my face into the depraved, wanton smile that she had made me practice and take a finger to my face. Delicately and carefully, but hungrily, I scraped up the last drop from his cheek and then, exaggerating the movement; the savouring, I sung the finger into my mouth and closed my eyes. As I tasted the stringy, watery globs I tried to think of it as &#8216;precious&#8217;, in reality it made me want to throw up.

&#8216;Mmmmmmmmmmm!!&#8217; I moaned and then, opening my eyes, I delivered my line; the cheeky confession of my most secret vice.

&#8216;I&#8217;m sorry; I just love come so much!&#8217; completed with the most vacuous giggle that I could muster, exactly as Vivienne had wanted it.

I had spent the next few hours curled up against my bedroom skirting-board, sobbing quietly to myself, still dressed as I had been. Vivienne wanted me to &#8216;stay just as I was so that I could reflect on my performance&#8217;. Every time I opened my eyes and saw the blurry view of my long naked legs disappearing into my shoes, it took me straight back to the van. The virgin patent white around the toes of my shoes was now marred and dirtied from kneeling on the dusty floor. I took a cloth and wiped away the black marks. It didn&#8217;t make me feel any better. I just sat there and wept, until I could weep no more. Then, finally, I got up, took my clothes off and took a shower.



Hours later, as Lisa joined me in bed; I wanted to talk to her. I had snapped myself out of my earlier self-pity the minute she had strode in through the door and fastened her collar about her throat. So much had happened, to us both, that we needed to treasure our time together and use it to help each other. While I was not hungry to hear about whatever inhumanities she had been forced to endure, I needed to share what I was going through. I knew it was good to talk, even about these things. Nobody ever benefited from bottling things up.

She smiled at me and made a face that I had never seen before. She put her finger up to her lips and gave me such a convincing, raunchy but naughty smile. I didn&#8217;t want this. My God, she was training up well though; better than me. I felt a rush of shame as I realised that I had thought such a competitive thought, and then another ache in my heart as I realised that our real time together would be eaten into be the necessity of her new, enforced, lesbian fa�ade. I couldn&#8217;t do anything that would make things difficult for her, or for me for that matter. I knew that the kindest thing that I could do would be to lie back, try to enjoy her mouth on me and come quickly, so that we could hold each other and then talk properly. I suspected that if I didn&#8217;t come, she would probably be punished. It was made all the worse by the fact that, after I had done so well in the van with my man earlier, Vivienne had told me that I would get a reward from Lisa later. Again, the man&#8217;s cum remained inside me, but this time, I knew much better than to try and intervene. It didn&#8217;t stop me feeling guilty as I felt her breathe on my hairless, sensitive crotch. I knew that she would have to lick out all of his juice, without complaint.

It was already a much, much different sensation to the first time that she had pleasured me. I was instantly aware of her training and skill as, in spite of my reluctance, she almost instantly had me alight and burning with the most carnal pleasure. How on earth was she doing this? The first time she had done it, she had had to rely on raw, sincere passion and her own natural aptitude; now she had some technique to augment that. She was getting far too good that I was behaving against my own will. 

I felt her roam her hand upwards, over my belly and onto my breasts. In spite of the recent surgery and the fresh injections, she actually, for the first time, made them feel nice. Oh I held on to that sensation! Her soft caresses sent ripples of pleasure pulsing up my body. I felt my nipples hardening like rocks, nosing themselves outwards eagerly as her palms swept over, hoping to snag deliciously in the spaces between her passing fingers. I allowed myself the freedom to take pleasure from my breasts then, in spite of how their new form humiliated me. I had wondered if the surgery had damaged the nerves in them or dulled them to sensation somehow but those fears were absolutely set to rest. I even started to push them out, so that they were huge and full, towards her hand, hungry for more and more of the sensation on them. This was not like the frenzied gropings of earlier, I was being pleasured by a woman this time, and oh what a difference that made! I glowed with pleasure as I felt my nipples throbbing, fully engorged and standing absolutely en pointe. As she started to give them more and more attention her touch became electric.

It wasn&#8217;t long before I was fully lost in the pleasure, my hands stretched behind me, grabbing the bed-head, and my legs splayed wide, giving her full access to my all. After minutes of moaning intensely, feeling guilty but just too aroused to step back, she made me come, incredibly powerfully, as she flicked her tongue across my clit, stroking inside me at the same time with her fingers. 

I tried to tell myself that I had done it for her, to ease her suffering. But I found that difficult to reconcile with the unnecessarily crushing intensity of the orgasm that I had just felt. I breathed deeply, trying to catch up with the demands she had made on my body.

&#8216;It&#8217;s not over yet baby&#8217; she breathed and then was back on me. My God, I was back on the brink in an instant.

I had never had multiple orgasms before but this girl, this trainee woman-pleaser had me spilling over the cusp of orgasm within seconds. She rubbed at just the right spot inside me, forcing me to moan in sheer, unabated need. I had already come once, I had fulfilled my brief, but now we were continuing. As she stretched me so beautifully I felt the warmth of her mouth once more, warm and soft, coursing up my swollen folds ready to deliver the final blows to my straining clitoris. It was too much to take. With the smallest, slightest flick of my clit I was, once more, thrashing in the throws of another irresistible climax. It lasted seemingly forever; wave after wave of pleasure rose and passed through and over me as I fell down a multi-coloured well of joyous abandon. Finally she was off me and I could start to return to reality.

I forced myself to get my breath back. I remembered how guilty this sex act made me feel; only now it was twice as bad. I filled up with shame; I had behaved so wantonly, where was my dignity?

&#8216;Lisa, I�&#8217; I stuttered, realising the true depth of what I had just done.

&#8216;Don&#8217;t say anything Anita&#8217;, she said softly. She had her finger gently, but decisively, over my lips, hushing me. She had a determined look in her eyes. Had this been something she had been told to do or was this because of the punishment she had given me?

I looked into her eyes and I knew that we should just leave it there, it was all far too complicated and ultimately insoluble. I let it all go, opened my arms and she fell into them. I squeezed her with all my strength and in that moment was sure that I would never let her go.

We held each other for the next two hours and started to talk. We no longer felt any shame from sharing our feminine nakedness, not with each other; we had moved beyond that. It was probably that those boundaries had been so completely violated for us that it was futile to try and re-erect them when they were actually unwanted. It felt wonderful, after being so lonely, to finally be able to be intimate, truly intimate with someone; with my friend; my best and only friend.










PART 27


&#8216;I&#8217;m Anita, I was told to��&#8217;

&#8216;Wait there&#8217; fizzed the speaker abruptly.

I scanned away from the little camera next to the pokey back-door; there was nothing but cars, concrete and weather. A freezing gust caught me, forcing me to grasp my hands around myself and bend my bare legs tightly together. There was never a &#8216;right&#8217; time to be out dressed like I was but this was certainly not it. I shook, bare-legged in a white leather miniskirt. 

&#8216;Come in&#8217;, it snapped me back to the door 

I recognised her as I hurried inside; she had been the one who had installed the cameras in my flat. She was disinterested as I passed her. She slammed the thick metal door against its mate and then pointed down the stairs, now the only route. I grasped the handrail, worrying about going over on one of my towering stilettos and breaking an ankle. Down was always so much harder than up. 

&#8216;You&#8217;d better get used to those shoes I think&#8217;, there was no affection in her German accent. The stairs were wide and well worn in the rheumy yellow light. She passed me before I was halfway down, not slowing as she reached the bottom and disappeared around the corner. I went as fast as I could, barely finding my balance with each teetering descent. By the time I was standing at the bottom, the corridor was empty. Through the dull hum, I could hear music and the faint sounds of girl&#8217;s voices. Carefully, I hurried after her.



&#8216;Hello slut. No that&#8217;s ok&#8217;

I stopped my hurried journey across the room towards Vivienne&#8217;s feet as she held her palm up.

&#8216;Thank you Mistress&#8217; 

Her smile was wintery.

&#8216;Strip and put these on&#8217; she said, businesslike. 

Suspiciously, I lifted some lacy white material from the little bag and stretched it out, I shivered. 

&#8216;It&#8217;s not summer any more is it slut, I&#8217;m sure you want something to help keep you a little warmer&#8217;

I dropped my bag. The white leather jacket, matching tight skirt and purple boob-tube lay on the chair as I drew the garter belt around my waist and clipped it shut behind. Little white bows rested above as the loose straps bounced lightly against the tops of my legs. I sat down and unbuckled the ankle straps of my pumps; I had to grip each heel as the shoe popped off. I reached inside the bag again. I could see the designs jumping out of the white nylon, loud stringy flowers and gaudy heart shapes; I could feel my skin crawl.

Inexcusable as it was to keep my Mistress waiting, I tore open the packaging, ruffled the stocking up my thumbs and passed it over my toes. As I drew it up my leg I watched the patterns emerging, growing until my whole leg was tightly bound in the white nylon. A giant heart and piercing arrow dominated the side of my thigh. I screwed up my face internally, feeling the embarrassment that would surely come each time I was seen. I was now firmly into porn star territory I thought; women with taste simply didn&#8217;t wear things like that, not even in the bedroom.

I clipped the suspenders onto the stocking and put the other one on. A snap of Vivienne&#8217;s fingers and I was seated again, the toes of one foot nestling back into the white point of their shoe. Again, grabbing the long white stiletto for leverage, I forced my heel in. As I rested against the floor to wind the little strap around my ankle, I could feel the thick lines against my foot pad. 

She beckoned me up and looped her finger. I stood, held my arms against my body, fanning my hands outwards and made a little twirl for her.

&#8216;Little Slut&#8217; came her caustic laugh. 

I hated how I looked, naked except for the cheap slutty lingerie and high heels. Yes, I was a slut, you only had to get a glimpse of me to see that, but it was not out of choice! It was not something that I had planned for myself or decided that I wanted to be!

Of course, nobody looking at me would know that; that&#8217;s what made the whole thing so utterly frustrating and so damnably humiliating.




They sat me, naked save for my new stockings and shoes, on the bench. I started crying as the German girl pushed me back against the padded rest and scooped one of my legs up under her forearm. She swept it up and over a vertical support, resting my spike-heeled foot into a stirrup.

&#8216;Please&#8217; I sobbed, the fear starting to grow within me. 

She completely ignored me. 

I looked desperately at my Mistress, pleading for mercy with my eyes, knowing that it was futile. I dropped my head and wept as my other foot was hung, wide, to the other side. My newly patterned legs were held, splayed open. The thick lacy top of my stockings curtained either side of my smooth, naked sex which gaped open towards the two women. 

Vivienne was standing below me, fiddling with a camcorder. The sterile white of the floor and walls emphasized the black of her tight clothes and boots and the dark lines of her make-up. Her full lips wore a deep burgundy velvet. Her hair was pulled tightly up to a spout at the very top of her head, it fountained over and downwards in thick arcs of straight dark silk. The other girl was also in black, a tight sleeveless top and leather trousers, the short crop of her blonde hair gelled into chaotic spikes. I cried out again.

&#8216;Stop being such a fucking baby&#8217;

The tall blonde girl stared at me, her inch of patience had just snapped. She slapped me hard around the face. As the snap echoed, I felt the sting-wave hit, jolting me out of my self pity and back to the horror of the moment. 

&#8216;I&#8217;ll give you something to cry about&#8217; she muttered


My head swam a little as she pulled a trolley over and came around to my side. I thought that I might be sick.

&#8216;Now we make you like the other girls&#8217;

Vivienne stepped up, between my legs, squaring the lens at my face. Self conscious, I sniffed and tried to stem the tears. As I looked down and saw the top of the trolley. I couldn&#8217;t stop myself. I screamed.

&#8216;Oh No! Mistress, please! Please not that! Please�.. No Mistress!!!&#8217;

My breathing became irregular. I stopped caring about the camera and appearances and struggled for air. I scrabbled desperately to sit up. I saw the blonde girl&#8217;s wiry muscles tense as she grabbed my wrists and had them yanked behind me and controlled. She wrenched me back into the seat. Vivienne was totally absorbed by the view from the camera; it was like I was alone with the blonde girl, as if her voyeurism somehow detached her from the reality. 

&#8216;No&#8217; I had whispered to myself, shaking my head.

I felt cold metal digging at my wrist. Then clicking as I felt the circle of the cuff close on me; I was terrified. I had never been restrained before. I had never before felt the helplessness of handcuffs. 

&#8216;No don&#8217;t, you don&#8217;t have to do that�..! Oh Please!&#8217; 

After a second clicking I felt both of my wrists stretched securely behind me, holding me back against the padding. I screamed again and jerked against the cuffs. The metal bit painfully into my wrists, refusing to yield even a millimetre. I sobbed unrestrainedly, not daring to think about what they would do to me, trying to cloud my brain with my own tears.

My makeup must have been streaming down my face as I blubbered incoherently, the camera in my face, recording my nightmare, capturing my misery for Vivienne&#8217;s sick museum.

My face was surely bright red and strained as she snapped on a pair of gloves and picked up a soaking purple gauze. My tears flowed freely as she raised the dripping antiseptic slowly towards me, I just couldn&#8217;t believe what they were now doing to me. Even after all the surgery Vivienne had put me through, this had somehow seemed more degrading. It was a toxic mixture of fear from the pain of having my sensitive body needled and the torment of the knowledge that the whole process was for the permanent addition of some new and awful humiliations.

I started to panic as she settled the swab against my nipple and started to work the cold liquid around it. 

&#8216;No, not there, surely this can&#8217;t happen&#8217; I told myself

My throat was parched, bone dry. She wasted no time. In a second, she had my nipple crushed in a pair of stout forceps. She ripped it up and outwards with a deliberate brutality, she had every intention of hurting me. It was quite the most violent thing anyone had ever done. It took a split second, but when it hit, the pain was impossible. I screamed my lungs out showering her and the camera.

My vision started to blank as she grinned and raised the piercing needle, sure to make sure I appreciated the whole thing. I was sure I&#8217;d have passed out when I saw the thick cutting shank of the bevel. But I remember everything, so vividly. 

Somehow, strangely, when Vivienne had injected my breasts, it hadn&#8217;t hurt so much; it had been more the idea of it that had been so unthinkable. Maybe it was because the needle had only slipped through a thin layer of skin before entering the numb implants inside me, and that had protected me. My vulnerable, throbbing nipple was entirely different. It was a button, rich and bursting with nerve endings, bubbling with tenderness, a vulnerable nexus of feminine sensation. I tore at the cuffs as I felt the sharp prick. This couldn&#8217;t be happening, it just couldn&#8217;t. I sobbed and choked insanely, tensing my head and neck as she pushed. I screamed and tore my head away. She drove the icy point clean through, lancing right through. My most tender bud exploded.

Part of me was still clinging to the belief that this wasn&#8217;t happening. The sight of the thick steel wobbling in my flesh as she unclipped the forceps and my skewered nipple snapped back was totally undeniable though. I hung my head as I saw her go to the other side. I was shrieking dementedly as she did the same to my other nipple. The tears sailed down my cheeks, dripping onto my chest and running down around my punished mounds. She opened a sterile paper packet. I watched, detached, pathologically transfixed as she revealed my new jewellery, my rings. 

The thick gold gleamed as she held the inch-and-a-half wide loop between her pale latex covered thumb and forefinger. Instead of a little ball where the ends of the ring screwed together, it was shaped like a tiny heart. I wept in despair when I saw them, Vivienne and Trisha had recreated every possible detail to best humiliate me. I knew I would have to wear them and I didn&#8217;t know how I would be able to face another human being if they knew. I filled up with shame.

My skin had crawled as she had slid precise metal grommets, tubes barely wider than the needles themselves, along each of my nipple-needles so that they rested just inside the skin, holding the piercings open. She deftly removed the needles and then took up a strange syringe-shaped tool and slid the thin end of it into the new grommet. As she depressed the plunger, I winced; it griped sharply. She pulled the tool out but it left me stinging inside. 

&#8216;No, that really hurts&#8217; I pleaded. Maybe she hadn&#8217;t realised. She chuckled.

I so wanted to free my hands so that I could massage myself and try to dull the pain. I implored her silently as she pushed the tool into the other nipple and then, smiling directly at me, squeezed the trigger again. I yelped, hanging my head in resignation, gritting my teeth to take the pain again. I sobbed quietly, trying to ignore it, trying to think of something else as she unscrewed and opened the rings. One by one she fitted me with them, sliding them into the new grommets before squeezing the ends together. She screwed them both closed and tightened them with another little tool. She hung them, heart-closure down and stepped back, pleased with herself.

&#8216;Now then&#8217; Vivienne triumphed &#8216;don&#8217;t you look special now&#8217;

She reached forward and stroked my cheek and then kissed the side of my head.

&#8216;So special. I just love them. Imagine how you will feel showing them to your boyfriends&#8217;

I wept at the thought. She reached forward and, with the tip of her finger, lightly flicked the ring so it bounced up easily and swung back. I tried to shrink back away from the awful things; I wanted absolutely no part of them.

&#8216;Slut&#8217; she mouthed slowly at me, whispering the word into my face. 

Reaching forward again she held the ring. Slowly, she twisted it, just a little, just enough to suggest the sensation. As it tightened against me, I glimpsed how these new, unwelcome intruders could be made to punish me. I looked at her through my tears, aghast, my nipples were not supposed to instruments of pain! I sat fearfully still, not wanting to hurt myself. 

Her eyes were almost loving, warm and tender as she threaded her finger through the ring and rubbed gently against the end of my nipple. It felt sore and sharp; all I could feel was the constant ache of the uncompromising steel that now filled me and the fear of Vivienne even slightly twisting.

&#8216;Beautiful&#8217; she said kissing me again, keeping me on a knife edge with her finger,&nbsp; &#8216;I love you confused, frightened and utterly controlled&#8217;

I was surprised when she withdrew her finger from my nipple ring.

&#8216;You&#8217;ll need to behave now; we can&#8217;t have any more thrashing about&#8217;

She whispered something in my ear. I felt myself stiffen.


PART 28


It was probably the worst night I had ever had. The blonde girl, &#8216;Suka&#8217; Vivienne had called her, had taken me home and left me in my bedroom with a can of spray, some ointment and an instruction sheet on how to care for my piercings. The only thing that she said to me, the whole way back, was that if they got infected and she had to take them out, she would whip my cunt, hard.

I&#8217;d spent the evening curled up and crying, waiting for Lisa to come back, needing her to make me feel like a person again. I hadn&#8217;t dared undress in case I saw what they had put in my flesh; what they had put into my body. I was not comfortable, curled up, clasping my hands in front of my stockingged shins and lying on my side. The tight leather mini nipped the top of my legs and the tiny jacket held my breathing. I didn&#8217;t even take my shoes off. 

Every movement of my head caused my earrings to jingle against each other. Every time I looked at my fingers, I saw Trisha&#8217;s wicked &#8216;SLUT&#8217; looking back at me. And every time I looked down I saw my huge, plump breasts bubbling upwards, reminding me of the huge implants they reluctantly housed.&nbsp; 

I wanted to wish it all away. If it had been an option, I would have died right there. I would have taken a suicide pill, cut my wrists or thrown myself from the window. I knew that I had been programmed against all of those things and that I had absolutely no option but to go trough with whatever Vivienne and Trisha had planned. I wanted my friend, she was the only thing in the world that could help. Until Lisa came home though, I was alone. I ran my tongue along the roof of my mouth.

All the way back, I had swallowed and played with my lips and teeth, as if that would help. Every time I felt the metal ball against the roof of my mouth I felt the terrible memory. I was sitting, frozen, stiff in the chair sticking my tongue out as far as it would go waiting for the pain. Needles and scalpels had flashed past my staring eyes. 

The stud that ran through my tongue was my greatest humiliation. It conjured up depraved images of tongues, mouths and men&#8217;s cocks, images of woman pleasing. That was what it was for. It was a device, installed in my tongue, to feel good on someone else&#8217;s genitals. It was a sign of my apparent devotion to oral sex, a commitment to its practice and a badge that made sure everyone knew it.

Worse than that, after the stud was secured, she had injected me under my tongue and then nicked me painlessly with her scalpel. I wasn&#8217;t sure what she had done but I worried about it bleeding. My mouth was even more personal than my nipples, it was an even more intimate violation. It was a thick, dull ache in my tongue and a bloody nuisance. I had to think about everything my mouth did and every word I spoke so that I didn&#8217;t hurt myself. I hated what they had done so much.

I let the tears flow, hoping that crying would cleanse my mind of the pain and the crushing emotional blackness they had inflicted upon me. My nipples throbbed, rubbed and aggravated by the course lycra of my purple boob tube. I wasn&#8217;t going to remove it though. 

Gingerly I had slid my finger down, stopping at the thin wall of leather between my legs. I felt the numb stinging inside there too. I snatched the quickest of smiles at the mercy that I didn&#8217;t have some vulgar adornment in my clitoris or my vaginal lips. It could have been even worse I told myself. 

After they had sited the tongue stud and moved down between my legs I had feared for the worst. After the pain of the nipple piercings I don&#8217;t think I could have coped with a piercing down there and I was completely distraught, fearing that my mind would cave in. They had pierced me, but not how I had expected it. At the time I just felt the sting, mild compared to the nipples and tongue. They made me look at what they had done as Suka held a mirror up. There were two little balls, the first one poking out in the centre, directly above my clitoral hood; and the second one a little above the first. There must have been a thin shank of steel inside the skin connecting them both so that they both held each other in place.











PART 28


It was probably the worst night I had ever had. The blonde girl, &#8216;Suka&#8217; Vivienne had called her, had taken me home, thrust me through the door and pushed me into my bedroom. She left a can of spray, some ointment and an instruction sheet on how to care for my piercings. The only thing that she said to me, the whole way back, was that if they got infected and she had to take them out, she would whip my cunt, hard.

I&#8217;d spent the evening curled up and crying, waiting for Lisa to come back, needing her to make me feel like a person again. I hadn&#8217;t dared undress in case I saw what they had put in my flesh; what they had put into my body. I was not comfortable, curled up, clasping my hands in front of my stockingged shins and lying on my side. The tight leather mini nipped the top of my legs and the tiny jacket held my breathing. I didn&#8217;t even take my shoes off. 

Every movement of my head caused my earrings to jingle against each other. Every time I looked at my fingers, I saw Trisha&#8217;s wicked &#8216;SLUT&#8217; looking back at me. And every time I looked down I saw my huge, plump breasts bubbling upwards, reminding me of the huge implants they reluctantly housed.&nbsp; 

I wanted to wish it all away. If it had been an option, I would have died right there. I would have taken a suicide pill, cut my wrists or thrown myself from the window. I knew that I had been programmed against all of those things and that I had absolutely no option but to go trough with whatever Vivienne and Trisha had planned. I wanted my friend, she was the only thing in the world that could help. Until Lisa came home though, I was alone. I ran my tongue along the roof of my mouth.

All the way back, I had swallowed and played with my lips and teeth, as if that would help. Every time I felt the metal ball against the roof of my mouth I felt the terrible memory. I was sitting, frozen, stiff in the chair sticking my tongue out as far as it would go waiting for the pain. Needles and scalpels had flashed past my staring eyes. 

The stud that ran through my tongue was my greatest humiliation. It conjured up depraved images of tongues, mouths and men&#8217;s cocks, images of woman pleasing. That was what it was for. It was a device, installed in my tongue, to feel good on someone else&#8217;s genitals. It was a sign of my apparent devotion to oral sex, a commitment to its practice and a badge that made sure everyone knew it.

Worse than that, after the stud was secured, she had injected me under my tongue and then nicked me painlessly with her scalpel. I wasn&#8217;t sure what she had done but I worried about it bleeding. My mouth was even more personal than my nipples, it was an even more intimate violation. It was a thick, dull ache in my tongue and a bloody nuisance. I had to think about everything my mouth did and every word I spoke so that I didn&#8217;t hurt myself. I hated what they had done so much.

I let the tears flow, hoping that crying would cleanse my mind of the pain and the crushing emotional blackness they had inflicted upon me. My nipples throbbed, rubbed and aggravated by the course lycra of my purple boob tube. I wasn&#8217;t going to remove it though. 

Gingerly I had slid my finger down, stopping at the thin wall of leather between my legs. I felt the numb stinging inside there too. I snatched the slightest of smiles at the mercy that I didn&#8217;t have some vulgar metalwork in my clitoris or my nether lips. It could have been worse, I told myself. 

After they had sited the tongue stud, they had moved down between my legs. I had feared that there would soon be needles at my genitals. After the pain of the nipple piercings I don&#8217;t think I could have coped with a piercing down there. I was completely distraught, expecting that my mind would cave in. 

They had pierced me, but not how I had expected it. At the time I just felt the sting; mild compared to the nipples and tongue. It had seemed so little and then it was all over. They made me look at what they had done. Suka held a mirror up. There were two little balls. The first one bobbled out in the centre, just the hood of my clitoris, and the second one lay a little above the first. There must have been a thin shank of steel inside the skin, connecting them, so that they both held each other in place. Considering what they could have done to me, I was relieved. I didn&#8217;t like it though.

Suka had told me that I was not to have my cunt fucked from the front, or to play with myself, until she had seen the piercing and was happy that it had healed. I had blushed at her language and the rules she had given me; she had spoken it as if she was reining in a rebellious nymphomaniac. I was quite happy not to have to entertain anyone there for a while!

I sat there for a good hour before cramp started to set in.

&#8216;Right, I&#8217;d better just try and deal with this&#8217; I thought and I pushed myself up to my feet. The piercings weren&#8217;t going anywhere but at least I could get out of the stupid outfit.

I shrugged the coat off, unzipped and slid the skirt down and gently peeled myself out of the boob tube. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I bent forward, unbuckled and kicked off my shoes and slipped the stockings off.

There were two pieces of gold hanging from my nipples.

I choked back a sob and quickly covered them with my hands, to try to get them out of my mind. As I did that, I felt them for the first time. I reflexively pulled my hands suddenly away because the tiny movements that I&#8217;d caused in the rings tugged at the freshly made holes in my nipples and agitated the little expanding grommets that the girl had cruelly sited there.

&#8216;Oh my God&#8217; I wept, my bottom lip hanging down as I sobbed. I didn&#8217;t know what to do. There really was absolutely nothing that I could do.&nbsp; These rings that they had put in me were terrifying.

I slowly walked over to the mirror on tiptoes. 

&#8216;Fuck it&#8217; I had thought, bending over and grabbing the discarded heels on the floor and pulling them onto my feet, leaving the straps hanging loose. There was no need for my calves to be burning unnecessarily from a lack of support.

I positioned myself in front of the long mirror, hoping that I looked ok.

I had stared at myself for a while in a disbelieving trance. My face was a mess of puffy eyes and runny make-up. If I parted my teeth just a fraction, a reflection gleamed out from the shiny ball which bobbed proudly on the top of my aching tongue. I opened my mouth widely and stuck my tongue out. Lifting it up, I could see a small, flat, round plate that sat flush against the underside of my tongue and held the sphere of metal snugly against the top.

I timidly lifted my finger up and very lightly touched the little ball. It was firmly held and the slightest touch on the top moved the metal pin which ran through the raw surface inside my tongue. The sensitivity of my inflamed little organ held my finger in check as I immediately decided that I didn&#8217;t want to play with it any more. I pulled my tongue back into my mouth and closed it tightly but there was no escaping the sensation of the metal ball rubbing against the top of my mouth and the dull ache within.

I decided not to play with the nipple rings either. I softly cupped each breast with each hand and lifted them towards the mirror so that I could see them clearly. They were quite terrible. There was no escaping from them, when anyone saw me, they would see a girl with full breasts that clearly bore gold rings with little heart shaped fastenings. I thought of how frightening it had been when Vivienne had held them, how vulnerable it had made me and how much pain she could inflict on me. It wasn&#8217;t even as if they were hidden , tucked away in some remote part of my body, they were hanging proudly from exactly my most prominent parts. I wanted so badly to be able to take them out.

I couldn&#8217;t stand to look at what I saw in the mirror and ran sobbing to the bed, wrapping myself in the covers to try and hide my body. With the cold sheets pulled tightly round me, I reached, turned out the lights and sobbed to myself quietly until I passed out.

I was awakened by the sound a key rattling in the door to the flat. Thank god, Lisa was back. I heard the door creak open and then click shut. I sat up, still holding the covers around me.

&#8216;It&#8217;s only me dear&#8217; came a voice as the door opened and in walked Mistress Vivienne.

My throat tightened instantly and I started with short, rapid breaths.

&#8216;I thought you might be lonely sweetie&#8217;, she said, perching herself on the side of the bed next to me.















PART 29


I snapped myself away from my static, disbelieving stare, hurled the covers from around me and threw myself to the floor. I pressed my head down to her feet and started to lick at her boots with as much speed and fervour as I could manage. I had to use the very tip of my tongue to try to minimise the pain. There was acute swelling around the metal stud that stood proudly in the centre of my delicate organ. It was very difficult and I had to work carefully although not too timidly.

She was wearing a rather strict looking pair of soft black leather boots that ran up to her mid calves. Thin laces ran, criss-crossed, through close, black enamelled eyelets and ended in long bows that hung down six inches from the top of her boots. Her feet were tightly bound by the form-fitting kid leather. Her heels sat atop long black stilettos that didn&#8217;t look much shorter than the heels that I was now being forced to wear. It dawned on me that such deadly looking heels could be used to inflict serious pain on an errant slave girl. I gulped at the thought and cursed my imagination for having brought it to mind.

Vivienne remained silent while I vigorously applied myself to cleaning her footwear with my tongue. Not sensing any immediate displeasure from her I inwardly breathed a small sigh of relief but made sure I didn&#8217;t betray myself.

As I ran my tongue around the back of her foot, I wondered why a woman who didn&#8217;t have to would elect to wear such strict and uncomfortable looking boots. God knows I wished I could have gone back to wearing sensible flats!

&#8216;Enough&#8217;, she said emotionlessly, &#8216;kneel there, slut&#8217;

I obeyed her, pressing my face down to the floor in a gesture of complete submission. I had no reservations about behaving this way in front of her by now and knew that it was the best thing that I could do.

She stood up and strolled gently across the room, letting her overcoat fall easily from her shoulders. She took a hanger from the wardrobe and placed the long woollen garment around it. I heard a clattering as she stowed it back inside the wardrobe.

She came back over to the bed, brushed the covers aside and onto the floor and lay herself down on it, rolling over to her side so that she could peer down at me.

&#8216;Sit up, bitch&#8217; she snapped. 

I sprang up, kneeling back on my heels, keeping my legs spread apart and thrusting my breasts outwards and upwards towards her. I was a good girl. The gleaming gold loops bounced lightly with the sudden movement before settling proudly against the skin underneath my areoles. The slightest movement reminded me of the nagging ache that had not disappeared since they had been installed earlier in the day.

Slowly, a wicked feline grin started to take hold of her. I shuddered inwardly.

She was wearing heavier make-up than was usual for her. Her brows were sharply lined and her eyes wore a bold purple which radiated outwards, lightening and narrowing to each side. Her long lashes were thickened with the blackest mascara and seemed to blend seamlessly into the thick eyeliner that arced outwards and upwards from the corners of her eyes. She was so beautiful, and so terrifying.

Her hair was pulled back strictly and held by a long black velvety tube into a tall flowing ponytail at the very top of her crown.

&#8216;Expecting your little friend I expect?&#8217;, she quizzed me. I wasn&#8217;t sure if she wanted an answer or not.

&#8216;Yes, Mistress&#8217;

&#8216;Well, I have some bad news for you on that score I&#8217;m afraid&#8217;, she said in a falsely grave tone, &#8216;You see, Mistress Trisha has decided that she wants her new bitch to be near her, ready to serve her needs at the click of her fingers.&#8217; 

&#8216;Or the snap of her whip&#8217;, she mouthed slowly, raising her eyebrows in a way that looked half excited and half aggressive.

She grinned widely, exposing her perfect white teeth.

&#8216;She sent me this, here, you must see it&#8217;

She beckoned me over as she excitedly pulled out her phone and thumbed her way through the menus.

&#8216;Look&#8217; she said, putting her arm round my head, holding the screen to my face.

She started a video file. I immediately heard a muffled scream. It took a second to make out what it was but then my eyes widened in horror.

Strapped to a short bench, on her back, was a brown skinned girl. Her legs were held widely spread and taut by a thick steel pole. Each end of the pole locked on to a ring mounted in a sturdy looking steel band; one fixed about each of her ankles. The steel bar itself was tied to the feet of the short bench forcing her legs down, back and to each side. Her wrists were similarly encircled and clipped below her sides to the bottom of the bench legs. Her naked sex was pushed up cruelly and deliberately.

Although I couldn&#8217;t see her face, there was no mistaking her identity. Her head was obscured by another woman who was naked, facing down the girl&#8217;s body, straddling the bench, and the girl&#8217;s face. She was driving her crotch down onto her helpless victim&#8217;s face; her head back in pleasure; her hands caressing her breasts. Then she lifted her arm up and brought a riding crop down viciously onto the poor girl&#8217;s waiting genitals. The girl screamed out another muffled shriek and I yelped, choking back a sob. I pulled my head away as my heart broke for poor Lisa.

&#8216;Delicious&#8217;, she purred softly, turning off the phone.


&#8216;Sex&#8217;, said Vivienne, very slowly and deliberately, &#8216;everyone needs it and there&#8217;s no avoiding it. Tonight, my little bitch, it&#8217;s me that needs it, and you that won&#8217;t be avoiding it&#8217;

&#8216;Now that that little slut Lisa is finally getting her just desserts and subject to the demands of a real woman, she won&#8217;t be pampering you with her mouth anymore. In fact, Anita, you won&#8217;t be seeing her at all any more.&#8217;

I felt a heavy tug at my heart, I wouldn&#8217;t have my friend any more. Fresh tears welled up in my eyes. I hated Vivienne and Trisha so much.

&#8216;Your man-pleasing will have to take a slight back seat while we wait for those piercings to toughen up, but don&#8217;t worry, we&#8217;ll get you back at it soon enough. In the meantime, just think of all the ways that you can tease, and please, a man&#8217;s cock with that big smooth tongue stud. Lots of lovely new tricks for you to learn!&#8217;

She stroked the side of my head. I wanted to tear it away from her and scream at her, to tell her to fuck off! My eyes widened as I hoped that she hadn&#8217;t sensed what I was thinking in some way. My anger turned again to fear.

&#8216;Now&#8217;, her eyes narrowed slightly, &#8216;There&#8217;s only so much of that kind of thing that I can watch and , besides, one of my sluts was freshly pierced today which turned me on no end. I have to say that I am horny, bitch&#8217;

She stood up quickly and walked out of the bedroom. She quickly returned with a large black leather case, which she set down on the chair. With sideways movements of both thumbs, she sprang the fastenings up and lifted the top. I could see a few things slotted into retainers in the lid of the case but the main contents of the box were hidden from me.

She walked out again. I started to choke up with fear, I had no idea what to expect as I had never seen this side of Vivienne before.

I heard her in the kitchen, moving something, and then starting the microwave.

She strutted excitedly back in.

&#8216;Now. Let&#8217;s get you prepared&#8217;

At this point, I was almost sobbing freely but knew better than to try and beg my Mistress for any mercy. She beckoned me to my feet and I stood up onto tiptoes. She twirled me so that I was facing away from the case.

&#8216;You&#8217;d better put on those trashy white whore-shoes that you love so much&#8217;

&#8216;Yes Mistress&#8217;, I quickly bent over and put the shoes on. I stood back up, slightly taller on my killer heels.

I heard the squidging and hissing of air and jelly being blown from a squeezy bottle. I shook with more sobs, trying my best to stay quiet and to not annoy my Mistress.

She stepped around in front of me holding a serious looking metal and leather contraption. It was like a wide, curved metal pad set in the middle of a thick, tough looking black leather band. I saw that the metal surface had blobs and thick worms of clear gel heaped upon it and Vivienne was holding that side upwards so that it didn&#8217;t slide off.

She&nbsp; knelt down in front of me and I gasped and shook involuntarily, rapidly checking myself as&nbsp; she pressed the cold metal and icy gel up against my waist. I wanted to bring my hands down and pull her away but I held them, submissively, away at each side, allowing her to do with me as she pleased. She wound the six inch thick belt round either side of my waist and I felt her threading one side of the large central strap into a chunky steel buckle that was bolted into the other side. She stood up and stepped behind me and then wrenched tightly on the strap, tightening it suddenly and strongly.

&#8216;Breathe out Anita&#8217;, she said.

My belly pulsed and the tears dripped from my eyes as I tried to control my breathing and breathe out as far as I could.

&#8216;Good, now hold there&#8217;

I felt her knee against my back as the belt tightened even more. She had obviously pulled it to the next hole as when she let go, the impossibly tight constriction remained completely. I had to fight to breathe and all the movement had to come from my chest. My belly was held strictly at its most narrow radius and there was no room there for air. My breasts were thrust out and rose and fell with each quick and desperate little breath.

I felt her fiddling at the belt again; she was threading two more, smaller straps into their waiting buckles. These were inch thick straps above and below the main buckle. In a moment, she had tightened these similarly and they spread the feeling of uncompromising constriction up and down the full length of the belt. 

She stood in front of me, breathing more rapidly herself, she looked as if seeing me struggle to breathe and weeping with fear was exciting her.

She took another strap from the case and clipped it on to the front of my belt, in the midline. It hung down almost to my knees. I could see a little metal nubbin sticking forwards from the front of the belt and on each side stout metal D rings protruded through flaps in the belt. 

The microwave pinged.

&#8216;Hold your arms out in front of you&#8217;

I held them up. She took a pair of shiny steel and rubber lined cuffs and snapped them first on one wrist and then the other. As she squeezed them closed, they made an ominous click and then wouldn&#8217;t open again. Each cuff had a clip dangling from it.

She walked behind me and jerked each arm down to my waist, clipping the cuff to the waiting D ring at my belt. I tugged quickly on each arm, testing the bondage; there was no way at all that they were going to come loose. 

&#8216;Bend over the bed with your legs wide&#8217;

I swifty knelt and threw myself across the bed, spreading my legs, exposing my anus to her. I heard another spludge of lubricant and then she knelt down behind me.

I yelped as the cool jelly touched my ass. I quivered hysterically, trying to behave myself as I then felt a firm round dildo at my rear passage. I gasped to find my breath from the cruel constriction, trying madly to draw away from the dildo, pulling at my wrist cuffs. I was caught at the edge of the bed and there was nowhere to escape to. I felt her advance it further and it started to enter my virgin, pink-bleached ass. I gripped my hands tightly as the full girth slid through my anal sphincter.

&#8216;Please Mistress!&#8217; I sobbed.

She just carried on pushing it inside me. 

I didn&#8217;t realise how sensitive my rear hole was until it was penetrated and held open, against its will by the slippery intruder. I heard a little squish of air and felt the plug suddenly expand within me.

&#8216;Aaah!!&#8217; I cried out aghast in shrill surprise.

Vivienne was standing again, I tried to squeeze the thing out of myself but it wasn&#8217;t budging at all. There was a resilient plug seated firmly in my most private opening. I felt my sphincter spasm and contract against it, its presence was quite uncompromising and very disturbing. I wanted to beg to her so badly but knew that I had to endure whatever torments she had in store for me. That thought sent me weeping uncontrollably as I contracted against the new intruder in by backside.

&#8216;Now, lean further upwards, bend your pussy up to me and spread your legs wider&#8217;

As I moved, I felt the little inflation bladder of my plug swing against my inner thigh, like a new and unwelcome tail. 

&#8216;You&#8217;ll need to relax for this next one Anita, it&#8217;s quite��.large&#8217;, she said, sniggering slightly.

I clenched my fists and tried to distract myself from reality with raw pain.

Without warning, I felt it at the lips of my gaping sex. It didn&#8217;t feel smooth, in fact in felt nobbly and hard. At least it was covered in more of the lubricating gel. I screamed aloud as she unceremoniously advanced it into me. It was too wide, far too wide, too hard and it felt awful. I retched with distress as it advanced with dreadful deliberation towards my core, stretching and scraping at the walls of my tunnel. I screamed again as I felt her turn it, it felt like the bobbles on the top were grinding deeply inside. The horrible rotation was a terrible, invasive experience. It was all I could do to keep from screaming the house down.

&#8216;Oh my God! Please stop Mistress!&#8217; I begged through my tears.

&#8216;When we took your womb, we left the cervix behind. It gives a much more natural feel for a gentleman when you&#8217;re entertaining him there. It&#8217;s also keeps the top of your vagina much more sensitive, as I think you&#8217;ve just appreciated.&#8217;

I wept loudly and unreservedly, lying over the bed, completely and utterly filled.

I felt something around my clitoris and then a strange sucking on it.

&#8216;Just give that a few minutes to get the blood into it&#8217; she said.

I felt her pull the dangling strap up between my legs and fasten behind my back to the belt, so that my new intruding fixtures couldn&#8217;t be expelled.

She walked round to the other side of the bed and sat down in front of me. I looked up at my blurry, beautiful Mistress. I tried to wipe at my eyes but my arms were pinned to my sides.

&#8216;Corsets compress the large veins in the abdomen&#8217;, she smiled at me, &#8216;they restrict the return of blood and cause the genitals to become engorged. They make a woman much, much more sensitive in her lower areas&#8217;

She unbuttoned her suit jacket and I could see the tight, shiny, black boning of a custom made corset. She slung her jacket over the chest and reached behind the small of her back, clipping the button to her skirt free. Standing up and unzipping it, she let that fall, standing before me. Her breasts were compressed upwards, pushed into a full cleavage. As she turned I saw the immaculately tight regular criss-cross of the lacing which pulled her waist in, creating the centre of a narrow hourglass. She had garter belts clipped on to black stockings which flowed down into her high-heeled lace-up boots. She wore a skimpy pair of black lace panties underneath which disappeared between her perfect peach-toned buttocks 

&#8216;The belt you are wearing will, of course, have the same effect&#8217;

She walked back around behind me.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&#8216;Now. Time for your clitoral discipline electrode&#8217;










PART 30


I gritted my teeth and screwed up my face as I felt a sting and then a sharp pinch at my clitoris. It started throbbing immediately and I wriggled violently to try and knock it loose.

&#8216;Stop that now&#8217;, I felt a sharp smack on the right cheek of my ass. I held myself still and tried to breathe through the dull aching that gnawed at me.

I gasped as I felt the leather strap that had been swinging between my legs yanked up tightly against my underside. The huge plastic penis was thrust headlong into my belly. I couldn&#8217;t help but cry out, even though I knew I wasn&#8217;t supposed to. It felt like I had been kicked deep down inside. It didn&#8217;t relent and the dildo didn&#8217;t back its way out. She fastened the strap exactly where it was. I screamed out as loudly as I could. I sobbed and pleaded with her to take it out of me. I told her that I was sorry for making the noise but that it was just too big inside me!

&#8216;Shhhhh little one&#8217;, she soothed, stroking the side of my head. I sank deeply into the bed tensing my jaw and sobbing, trying to keep quiet for her. 

&#8216;Save your strength. Now, on your back on the bed&#8217;



With practised ease, over the next few minutes, she reduced me to a state of utter helplessness. The whole time, my anxiety rose and I fretted, waiting for the torment to really begin. I was amazed at how little it took to completely immobilise me and render me completely vulnerable.

She had fastened a bar between my legs. There was a thin metal rod at one end of it which she slid all the way up inside the dildo that was causing me so much distress. The bar then ran right down between my thighs and knees to end between my feet. I had howled as she had waggled the end of it. The movement had been transmitted to the stout intruder inside me which had vibrated, jarring me cruelly in the depths of my belly. The feeling had been a horrendous violation and I had screamed and ripped at the cuffs that held my wrists. 

&#8216;No, don&#8217;t do that!&#8217; I had cried.

She had ignored me. She fastened snug metal cuffs around my ankles, crushing the plastic ankle straps of my shoes into me. She had then clipped short chains from these cuffs to a ring at the end of the rod that descended from my dildo. This simple piece of bondage was startlingly debilitating; which I discovered in very little time. If I moved my legs at all, it caused the rod to twitch and the massive dildo inside me leapt into life. If I tried to sit up or to twist about, the same thing would happen and I would be howling from the awful sensations within my womanhood.

I lay on my back resigned to having to lie completely still, blubbering hysterically as I realised that I was physically helpless. I was, however, always mentally helpless with my evil Mistress. 

She started to hook wires up to me and my mind started to unravel.

&#8216;Please! Please Mistress! I will be a good girl!&#8217; I wept, &#8217;I will be a good girl for you; I will do whatever you want! I will be a better slut, I promise!&#8217;

She just carried on with a methodical inevitability. I felt her at my crotch and on the front of my belt, releasing crocodile clips onto the metal fitting on the plate that pushed into my belly and onto the clitoral clip that she had already installed on me. I was quietly gibbering as she hooked little electrical probes to each of the rings that sat in my freshly pierced nipples. As she let the probes clips relax, they gripped around the thin gold loops and I could see that no amount of shaking would knock them free.

&#8216;No, my god, please no, please Mistress Vivienne, please!!!&#8217; I had begged to her. 

I knew it wouldn&#8217;t help but I had to try and do something. I knew that she was going to torture me and that she was not doing it to punish me for something that I had done. She was doing it for entertainment, because it excited her; in the same way that other women had normal sex, or used a vibrator. She was twisted. It never stopped terrifying me when I saw that she was capable of doing such things and enjoying them. I felt like I was the unluckiest person on earth to have fallen in with this woman.

&#8216;I think we&#8217;ll need to quieten you down now. In any case, this next piece is��necessary&#8217;

She smiled in the way that I had grown very frightened of and approached my face holding another black-strappy rubber-looking device. 

&#8216;Open wide&#8217; she snapped. In spite of all my fear, I still could not disobey her.

My mouth was crammed full of expanding, bitter-tasting foam rubber. I screamed as much as I could as she pumped at an inflation bladder and it grew inside my mouth. My eyes bulged as she clasped at the bladder again and again until the thing inside my mouth stretched my cheeks out. She buckled a strap behind my head which fastened the device inside me and dug into my cheeks, and then she pumped on the inflation ball a few more times, until there was no more room for expansion. I stared up at her, pleading, completely filled and silenced. 

The tears rolled down my face. My wrists were sore from the edges of the cuffs rubbing as I tore against the chains which fastened them uselessly to my belt. I wanted so much to be able to free myself and take the dildo and the gag out. I had to keep remembering not to move my legs or to bend my body either, as every time I tried, the sensation in my belly stopped me dead and made me need to scream anew.

Looking up, there was something extending from the front of the gag that she had forced into me. 

&#8216;NO!!!!!!&#8217; I had screamed as I suddenly understood. Dull, muted tones emerged as she gently stroked my cheek, smiling as she watched the look of comprehension take hold on my face. 

There was a large black rubber phallus curving upwards from the front of my gag. I could see gentle scalloped indentations along the top side as it arced gently up away from my mouth to end far above my nose 

Vivienne had smiled down at me, enjoying watching the recognition spread across my body. She moved slowly and delicately but was totally unhindered as I lay trussed below her; her easy prey. 

I had screamed and screamed as she had left the room. I thought that it was my best chance to do it and I was frightened that it might displease her if I did it in front of her; I would soon see that I was wrong about this. I wanted to be somewhere else; even after all I had been through, this just couldn&#8217;t be happening. She returned with something that I just couldn&#8217;t see because the bar wouldn&#8217;t let me bend myself upwards enough.

I felt her down at my crotch and then saw her standing again.

&#8216;Almost ready Sweetie&#8217; 

She was starting to pant and I could see that she was becoming excited. This really worried me; it was going to get a worse soon.

&#8216;Fuck you, leave me alone you bitch, you heartless bitch!&#8217; I screamed, screwing up my face, as if that would somehow make it happen. I knew that there was no way that she could hear what I was saying. Even shouting in a completely incoherent form made me stop for a second; but she hadn&#8217;t noticed anything.

&#8216;I don&#8217;t expect you to enjoy this at all Anita, quite the opposite. You will find it a very ....&#8217;difficult&#8217;�.experience. This is for me, and this is what I want to do tonight. In a moment, I am going to fuck your brains out while I hurt you, for no reason other than because it pleases me to. The little box beside you, hooked up to this&#8217;

She held a control in her hand with a button sitting under her thumb

&#8216;Pressing this will deliver pulses of electricity to your nipples and your clitoris. You will be driven nearly insane by that alone.&#8217;

I saw her leaning over into my vision and then climbing over me so that she straddled my shoulders. She smeared lube onto the black monster above my nose.

&#8216;Mmmmmmmmm&#8217;, she closed her eyes. 

&#8216;No!!!!!!!!!!! Please don&#8217;t do this Mistress! PLEASE!!!!!!&#8217;

I felt her reach behind me and then I froze still. I yelped as I felt something warm, hot in fact, flowing into my back passage. My breathing quickened as I hyperventilated in terror.

&#8216;I&#8217;m infusing three litres of sweltering hot liquid into you now Anita. It entertains me to know that the fluid inside you is a mixture of my own and some of the girl&#8217;s from the clubs urine. We collected it throughout the day in a container, all of us knowing that I would put it inside you tonight. Aren&#8217;t we thoughtful? Feel our hot piss inside you, bitch, causing you to spasm in pain&#8217;

As I stared up at her completely aghast, my head swimming, she was even more unhinged than I had previously thought. My guts started to swirl and gurgle and then I felt the pressure. My already crushed waist was being bloated outwards, filled with Vivienne&#8217;s collected urine.

She raised herself up and I saw her legs widen as she exposed herself to me. The discomfort in my belly grew and I desperately tried to find a more comfortable position. There was none. I thrashed my head about, waggling the black dildo from side to side like a freakish Pinocchio having a temper tantrum.

She caught the dildo in her other hand, holding my head fast and spread her vaginal lips above me. I could see the light glisten as it reflected off her wetness; she was showing me her arousal. Then she lowered herself onto the thing. The head slid easily inside her flushed lips and in a slow slide, the black dildo gradually filling her up, her pussy flared towards my face.

Before she was against me, the sensation in my belly was unbearable. The uncomfortably hot enema surged inside me. My bowels gurgled and contracted against it, desperately trying to push it out, but it didn&#8217;t go and the contracting against its resistance caused me pain. The tiny radius of the thick belt around me was constricting me like a python and it made the enema ten times worse. The final torment was the way it interacted with the unyielding penetration. By now, any movement at all of my legs or of the dildo inside me was absolute bloody murder. 

As the realisation hit me, all I could do was scream my heart out, praying for it to end. But the liquid kept slowly, insidiously flowing into me. When I thought where the fluid had come from I was started to choke; I had other people&#8217;s stagnant piss inside me. I was more sickened by the thought that Vivienne enjoyed the idea of something so repulsive and that she controlled me. She was nothing short of a psychopath, and she was running completely wild over me. 

I couldn&#8217;t believe what this woman found enjoyable. I remembered how I had adored her when I had first met her. I remembered how she had crushed me on that day in her office when she had taken my mind and had then fisted me so brutally. I remembered the image of Lisa, strapped below Trisha as she had her poor pussy whipped for her Mistress&#8217;s sexual amusement. I couldn&#8217;t believe that anyone could be excited by the suffering of another and I couldn&#8217;t believe that I was her victim.

I felt the rippling of electricity. My whole body tensed as she unleashed the first spasmodic pulses upon my nipples and my clitoris. My most sensitive parts were driven to the point of tetanus; every little fibre was made to contract sharply and cry out in pain. All the nerves were alive and shrieking hell at me. My eyes shot wide open. The flesh inside my nipples was so tender that the spurs of electricity lanced right to the very heart of my breasts. My femininity became something terrible as I was made to really appreciate the pain that I could be given. 

I screamed at the top of my lungs.

My poor crushed clitoris felt the same, I cursed that I had been born a woman as its sensitivity was used against me and I was made to scream and snort and blow snot out of my nose as I shrieked maniacally below her. I tried in vain to shake the clip loose but it was tightly pinched onto me and shocking me relentlessly. I wasn&#8217;t sure that I could hold on without somehow becoming insane.

My eyes wide open, snatching my breath in rapid gasps, I finally noticed what was in front of me. All I could see was her groin, below her smooth corseted body. The full circumference of her taut, filled inner labia was sliding down towards me. The light darkened as she descended, filling my vision, her labia hugging and moving with the ripples on the outside of the shaft as she slid down onto my face. Then she was fully straddling me. At first, she was firm on top of me. Then she was clamping me tightly against the bed, ramming her clitoris into my nose and suffocating me. I wailed and struggled and felt more agony unleashed on my poor buds. 

I couldn&#8217;t keep still. The intruder in my loins jerked violently inside my swollen, urine-filled gut. I snorted out streams of my own teary mucous as I tried to scream past my air-tight gag. Thin torrents of air vibrated past her upper labia and her thick, fleshy hood as I gasped to inhale through the only orifice left available to me. I heard her sniggering. I was terrified; I realised that she controlled whether I could breathe or not with her genitals. A new level of understanding hit me. I was dumbstruck as I felt what she could now do to me, and what this would do to her. 

The air was saturated with her strong woman&#8217;s stench; every breath made me heady with her dark pheromones. In the state of complete sensory overload that I was in, it was another sensation that I just couldn&#8217;t cope with. Another tide of shocks coursed into me and I jerked into her. She moaned with pleasure as my pain stimulated her mind and my uncontrollable jerking moved the dildo into her. She rose herself slowly up, slinking the dildo almost out of herself and then she began her deliberate descent down onto me again. And then again. And again. And then faster. And then harder. She fucked me and she lost herself on top of me.

My mind snapped. All I could do was to scream out and move the dildo inside her while she electrified me, suffocated me and tortured me for her pleasure. There was nowhere that I could turn my attention to that was not a torment. That was how she had planned it. I couldn&#8217;t think because I was being distracted so quickly from one torture to the next; and then on to another.

At one point, the swimming in my head became so severe that I felt like I was passing out. She woke me up. I saw the venom on her face as she viciously stabbed her stiletto heels into my sides; spurring me like she was riding and training an animal. My skin felt open, raw and torn from the sharp tips of her high heeled boots. 

&#8216;Don&#8217;t you dare pass out bitch&#8217;, she screamed, half in anger, half in ecstasy. Her expression relaxed slightly as she resumed her rhythmic, hungry fucking of my face. She kicked into me again, to make sure I was properly awake, and then started to ride me with added vigour. 

&#8216;Yee-haaa! Bitch&#8217;, she screamed, scratching her heels down me again, raking up new lines along my sides. I rolled, trying to avoid the pain. The ribs on the tip of the dildo inside me twisted against my cervix and I mewed frantically with terrible rotation. I had to submit to lying on my back, to having my face fucked, to my piss enema and to the electrical punishment that she was enforcing on me. I hated being a slave and I hated being alive. She just fucked me more and more.

Every time she came down on me, I would not be able to breathe and she would toy with me as I struggled. As I became more desperate, wilder and redder, she became more excited. She would turn the shocks on so that I would struggle against her and she would moan as my struggles brushed my nose against her clitoris and wriggled the dildo inside her. My pain was her pleasure. Finally, just when I would think I was about to suffocate, she would lift off me. She looked like the only reason she came off me was so that I stayed conscious but she knew that she could torment me once more by doing it all again. She would enjoy watching me gasp for breath, trying to suck in the air without aggravating my own dildo or moving my enema too much. She knew exactly what my torture was and it was driving her wild. With an ecstatic smile, her eyes fixed on mine and her thumb clamped down on the button in her hand. She set the shocks off on me again.

At last, my face sodden with her strong secretions and my own salt-tears, she came. She cried out in total abandon as the fruits of my torment coursed through her and she convulsed in a full body orgasm. She held herself down onto me, completely blocking my breath as she kept the shocks on constantly. She screamed in pleasure as I felt myself drifting. I couldn&#8217;t move any air al all into my lungs. The sensory overload and the asphyxia finally shut down my mind. Her shouts of pleasure became distant noises from a different reality as the world faded, the woman and I passed out.













Zippers Part 31



I came round whimpering. I was curled up in a ball, on my side, and I was tucked into my own bed. The light had been dimmed. 

As I snapped awake, I rapidly took an emergency inventory of my body; I was no longer restrained or penetrated. The belt and cuffs were off me and as far as I could tell I was completely naked and alone, under my bed sheets. I listened for any signs of her and then raised my head to hear more clearly; perfect stillness. I got myself up, hurried into the front room and searched the flat to make sure that she was definitely gone. When I was sure, I ran back to my bed and gripped myself into the tightest ball that I could make. I grabbed my cuddly bunny and wept furiously. Vivienne had used me in such a brutal way that I was again scarred by how evil she was. I blubbered myself hoarse, weeping for my lost life and my lost soul. I wept because of the violent she-devil that owned me and I wept because my Lisa was gone. When I thought of what Lisa must be going through at the hands of the other she-devil, I wept for her as well. I cried until my eyes hurt and my throat ached and I was tired. I couldn&#8217;t sleep so I paced around the flat until I could cry some more. I needed someone, desperately, to talk to and to hold; and now I had nobody. I was stuck in my own little prison, isolated from the world, unable to reach out to anyone.

I cried my self to sleep curled up on the sofa, my teddy under my arm, just like when I was a little girl. I woke up halfway through the night and wept some more. Eventually, I must have passed out.

The next morning I came around feeling tired, bruised and nauseous. I grabbed my dressing gown, put on my stupid white stilettos, walked into the kitchen and poured myself a glass of water. It was 11 o&#8217;clock.

The door opened without warning. A crowd of women burst in. First in were the two girls that had installed the computer equipment; Suka, the tall blonde German who had pierced me and threatened to use a whip on my pussy, and the smaller girl. Then came Cara, and then two other girls that I didn&#8217;t recognise. These three wore tracksuits but I could see heels underneath. They immediately dispersed themselves around the flat as Vivienne slowly stalked through the door. My mind balked at the memory of her sex suffocating me and the pain from the electric shocks to my nipples and clitoris. I almost threw up with fear on her boots as I jumped to the floor to kiss them.

&#8216;This is her&#8217;

I noticed a pair of thicker black high-heeled boots step next to my Mistress&#8217;s. Vivienne dismissed me aside with the sole of her boot and walked to sit herself down on the sofa in the living room.

&#8216;Anita. Here. Now&#8217;

I ran to her and collapsed to my knees at her feet in the best slave pose that I could manage, shedding my dressing gown on the way so that I was naked save for my white shoes, in front of my Mistress.

I looked up at her. As if it had been a one-night stand, she made no acknowledgement of what she had done to me the night before. Instead, she lifted a leather document pouch and slid out some papers.

&#8216;The deeds have now changed hands&#8217;, she surveyed the room, &#8216;and this flat belongs to me now&#8217;

She looked down, into my eyes, gently tightening her lips into a satisfied grimace. Fear woke me fully from the night&#8217;s sleepless exhaustion. I looked timidly up at her as she handed me a fistful of papers down to me.

&#8216;We started the conveyancing work last week at the solicitors, when we were shopping, or don&#8217;t you remember&#8217;, her smile was tepid. I closed my eyes and looked down, my hoarse throat starting to puff up. Serious defeats were happening to me all the time now.

&#8216;So I want all of your shit out of here. You have half an hour, put all your clothes, make-up, jewellery, shoes, accessories and belongings from your previous life into these&#8217;

She dropped a roll of black bin liners onto the floor in front of me, 

&#8216;And then stack the bags here. Also bag up all of your books, videos, DVDs and all of your other shit&#8217;

Her face was fully obscured by my tears; now she was taking my old life from me! One of the other girls dropped a small cardboard box next to me.

&#8216;My girls can keep a small amount of property, if they behave well enough. Anything you really, really think you should keep, you will put in here&#8217;, she nudged the box with her toe, &#8217;so that we can see what you hold so dear&#8217;

She sat up, and slowly took in the living room.

&#8216;I&#8217;m making some changes to my new place. I need the space for some of my girls, so you won&#8217;t be hoarding this place to yourself any more. In fact, you&#8217;re going to be at the very bottom of the new pecking order around here.&#8217;

She reached forwards and grabbed me by the hair, yanking me upwards to face the woman that had sat down next to her.

&#8216;This is lady is Mistress Davina. She trains girls like you&#8217;

The new woman, watching me from above, terrified me. She was at least as tall as Vivienne with short, slicked back, spiked black hair that was very short at the sides and back. She wore a black leather jacket and a tight black linen dress that skirted just above her knees. She wore sturdy but high black boots that had thicker heels than Vivienne&#8217;s stilettos but were still elegant, although in a more &#8216;burlesque&#8217; way.

Vivienne&#8217;s voice grabbed me,

&#8216;Honeymoon time is over for you now Anita, you won&#8217;t be able to wallow in self-pity in this little retreat any more. I am seeing to it that you will be worked, and hard. We have a new, tight schedule, to see that you are fully trained as quickly as possible. Your new Mistress here will enforce this training on you, every single day. She will see to it that you are ready by the time you are to be tested. You will find your new environment here to be difficult and unpleasant. I want to encourage you to graduate out of being a little trainee pleasure-girl so that you are ready to start work properly.&#8217;

She bent over and firmly brushed my hair with the back of her hand. She curled loops of it loosely around her finger.

&#8216;So, until you graduate, you will be a servant-girl and maid to the other girls here. You will learn to clean them, do their nails, polish their shoes, massage them, do their chores and so on, and all this in between your busy training schedule. I want you to have no free time and to be constantly at the beck and call of your betters. And, if they are not pleased with you, they will see to it that you are well punished.&#8217;

She leaned closer.

&#8216;You will be bunking in the smaller bedroom with your new Mistress here. In return for your keep in my new flat, and to thank her for the discipline that she will subject you to, I am giving you to Davina here, to be hers; her bitch until such time as you are fit to graduate from training.&#8217;

My heart slowed. I swallowed and blinked quickly, my head was swimming with fear. My vision went black.

I must have come round quickly as they were both sat exactly where they had been and had made no effort to revive me. I struggled to catch my breath and clutched my hand to my chest to try and stop my heart from pounding its way out of me.

I stared up at Vivienne. I stared up at this new woman. She ran her eyes down, over my ringed breasts, past the balls of the piercing above my hood until she was staring at my hairless pussy lips. I forced myself to try and breathe, at a rate that would not make me pass out again and I tried to resist the urge to clamp my legs together, to cover my modesty. I was so frightened that I even wanted to cling on to Vivienne. I needed some human contact. I wanted to hold my Mistress and beg her not to leave me here. I wanted her to pet me and calm me down with one of her magic words.

A cold draft of air swirled over my skin as the front door opened once again. Vivienne lowered her head and started whispering to me. I felt like the world was slurring as she made me look at the new woman, at Mistress Davina. As her face came into tight focus, I sensed that this woman was someone that now controlled me. 

She wore lipstick that was very dark, had eyebrows that had been removed and replaced with strict black lines, black eye-liner and steel jewellery in her ears. 

&#8216;Mistress Davina has complete control over you now. Full training privileges over your slutty little life. If I were you, I would try my best to make sure that I was unfailingly obedient, extremely hard working and a devoted little sex-bitch to your new Mistress&#8217;

She smiled cruelly down at me, stood up, brushed her skirt down and then left the flat. 

Mistress Davina&#8217;s eyes bored down into me, her tight lips betraying absolutely no emotion. I lowered myself down to the floor and started to kiss her feet. I heard her snigger above me as the front door clicked shut.

&#8216;I am yours, Mistress&#8217;, I whispered up at her. Her lack of expression showed me that she was not unaccustomed to having a girl submitting to her at her feet. I lowered my head to her boot and waited for her to say something.

&#8216;We need your shit out of this place, so do as you are told. Now&#8217;

&#8216;Yes, Mistress&#8217;

She snapped her fingers and I sprang into life. I grabbed the bin liners and the cardboard box and ran out of the room, trying to just stay conscious.

In my main bedroom I stood at the door and had to cry uncontrollably. The girls had thrown all my clothes onto the floor, had torn the fitted wardrobe from the wall and were emptying the drawers from my dressing table.

&#8216;No! Oh No!&#8217; I sobbed, and then,

&#8216;Oh my God, please, not that, please, give me that&#8217;

I rushed across to my dresser and grabbed the silver box that she was just about to throw onto the pile. I clutched it tightly, cold in between my bare breasts as I sobbed against it. I pried the lid open to check that my mother&#8217;s necklace and the photographs of her were still inside. I knelt down and cried in slow convulsive spasms as I imagined how upset she would be if she could see what was happening to her little girl now.

&#8216;If you want to save anything else, get it quickly&#8217;, 

It was Cara walking over to me. She was firm as she lifted the silver box away from me and set it down in the cardboard box which she placed up on the window sill. Hurriedly I looked about the room and wracked my brains trying to think about what I should try and save. 

I ended up, whilst my dressing table was broken up and carried out, grabbing my cuddly bunny from when I was a little girl which I kept under my bed and grabbed when I was desperate and pushed her into the box. Not daring to look at the woman stood in my living room, I scurried in and took a box that was full of photographs and finally, I grabbed my laptop. I didn&#8217;t think they&#8217;d let me use the laptop but it had pictures on that were precious. I put those things in the cardboard box and then started to fill the bin bags with my old clothes. 

On the top of the pile of clothing in the centre of the room was the dress that I had worn to the ball, the one that Vivienne had chosen for me. Cara picked it up and put it to one side.

&#8216;These are too good to throw away, but they will not be for a slut like you. Now, bag the rest up. And look sharp girl!&#8217; she clapped her hands quickly and aggressively in my face and pointed at the pile of clothes.

&#8216;Yes&#8217;, I whispered, &#8217;yes Miss Cara&#8217;

As I started to fill the first bag, they carried the wardrobe out and started stripping the bed down. One of the girls found my vibrator and set it aside.





&#8216;So what do we have here then?&#8217; came her clear, well bred voice. My &#8216;new Mistress&#8217; was looking me over. 

I stood, in only my buckled-on white pumps with my arms away from my body, looking straight ahead. She came and stood right in front of me, taller than me.

&#8216;Tongue out&#8217;

I opened my mouth and offered my new tongue stud to her. Since the evil Suka had snipped the webbing underneath my tongue, I felt like I could extend it quite a bit farther than before. 

She gazed into me. Her features softened just a little and I could see the well worn lines form on her face as a slight smile took hold. She was probably in her late thirties or maybe early forties, and she was quite beautiful under her severe make-up.

&#8216;Nice tongue slut.&#8217;

I tasted her finger as she gripped my tongue lightly against her thumb and gradually pulled it out until she started to pull my head forward as well. I tensed my hands into fists to stop myself from sobbing and pulling myself away from her. I didn&#8217;t know anything about my new Mistress yet but I knew that I should behave myself in front of her.

&#8216;There&#8217;s a week left to heal on that stud before I can make proper use of you.&#8217;

She sat herself down, crossed her legs and pointed to the floor at her feet. I hurried over and knelt there, weary, confused and tearful. My lip was shaking at the idea that, on top of everything else, I would have to lick and kiss this new woman for her sexual pleasure.

&#8216;The girls have a lot of work to do here today&#8217;

She looked down at me as my eyes misted over and then started to well up. She stretched her fingers deeply into the mess that was my hair and then grasped hold of me. Before I could dread what she would do next, she pulled my face over to her leg and held my cheek against her boot. As I sniffed back a sob, I could smell the black leather and the dark, spicy perfume she wore mixing with the dried smells that had stayed on my face from the night before. I carefully reached forward and held onto her boot, lightly at first. Then I clung on to it as I shook and wept, my face pressed into her and my tears growing and dripping down. Tears snapped and beaded on to the leather that stretched over the top of her foot and I pulled at her hand in my hair so that I could bend forward and quickly lick them off.

&#8216;Good girl, brave little slave girl&#8217;, she whispered kindly pulling my face back to her boot, I pressed my cheek harder into her, &#8216;I think we will go to the club and train you there today. I can give you something else to think about&#8217;






&nbsp; 













Part 32


She held a little card up to a plastic panel next to the door, it beeped and the little red light turned green. We were at the same entrance that I had come to when they had pierced me. Mistress Davina led me down the stairs and round the corridors. 

We passed a couple of older women with cleaning equipment who paid us no attention. Then a young woman in a purple prom dress hurried past us. The older women had worn the faded dark yellow all-in-one dresses of cleaners. The girl had been beautiful, her dark hair set in twists with tasteful but glamorous make-up. She had briefly noticed me and cast her eye down me, dressed as I was in short-skirted white leather and my high white stiletto pumps, but she clearly had her own purpose and strode briskly on. We took a convoluted path through the corridors of the complex building and I was soon disorientated.

&#8216;Come and sit here&#8217;

She set me down in a large kitchen at the table. She took some milk from the fridge and started spooning powder from a giant tin into a pint sized glass. She poured the milk on top and started to stir until the mixture became thick and pink coloured.

&#8216;Drink this Anita&#8217;

It was slightly sweet, thick but not unpleasant.

&#8216;What time of day do you shit?&#8217;

I had to concentrate not to cough out my mouthful. I regained my composure and quickly swallowed.

&#8216;About now, in the morning&#8217;, I said blushing slightly &#8217;usually after I&#8217;ve had coffee&#8217;

&#8216;Good&#8217;, she said as she took two cups from the shelf. She filled them with coffee that was sat, warming, on top of the percolator. She handed one to me, not asking how I took it.

I heard footsteps behind me, two other women came in.

&#8216;Coffee now Bitch&#8217;, snapped the first, a light brown-skinned women with blond hair that was short, swept back and shaved at the sides.

I looked around quickly to see if she meant me, but the other girl that she was with rushed over to get her coffee. The first woman sat down, opposite me, next to Davina and looked at me. I lowered my eyes and started to breathe more quickly. This was like going to school for the first time, unfamiliar places and unfamiliar people that made me feel very threatened. This woman was clearly a Mistress, and the other girl, I suspected, was like me. 

&#8216;Pretty slut, I do like your earrings&#8217;, said the new woman. I carefully looked up, slightly, not enough to stare at her but enough to see if she was talking to me. 

&#8216;Thank you, Mistress&#8217;, I said softly, looking down again. 

&#8216;Show them to me&#8217;

This was terrible, how many of these women were there? How many Mistresses was I going to have to obey? I brushed my hair back with both hands, lifted my head, briefly caught her cold eyes, blushed, lowered my eyes again and turned my head slowly to each side. I wore a set of seven matching creoles in each ear, starting with a small oval at the top and increasing in size until the lowest, front ones were large three inch long patterned horseshoes. I hated them and I glowed as she let me carry on modelling them to her.

The other girl wasted no time in getting the new Mistress&#8217;s coffee in front of her, before kneeling down on the floor behind her.

&#8216;What have you got planned for today?&#8217; asked the new woman, turning away from me.

&#8216;Induction and exercise, then I haven&#8217;t made up my mind. You?&#8217; said Davina

&#8216;Well, my other slut is already in the box, I was going to run this one through some exercises, get her performing and then she has a date later. Maybe we could train these two together later on?&#8217;

&#8216;Yes. Anita, get down on the floor while we&#8217;re talking&#8217;, Davina scolded me. I jumped down and knelt next to the chair.

&#8216;And drink your coffee up&#8217;

I did as I was told, sipping at the hot black drink and resting it on the chair that I had just been sat on. From the floor, I could see the other girl past her Mistress&#8217;s boots. She had her head down and knelt with her legs apart. She wore a tight red dress that stretched awkwardly as it fought against her parted legs. She had medium brown skin and quite a striking look. Her face looked Middle-Eastern, perhaps Turkish, with bold handsome cheekbones and wide features. With her thin painted-on eyebrows but no other make-up, she had a slightly cat-like look to her. Her hair was unsubtly blonded to a bleached straw-yellow colour that streaked into different textures and shades, whilst her roots were her normal dark brown colour giving her a cheap but sexy look. Her hair was thrown back and blow-dried into a style that was similar to my own; big, away from her face and long at the back, but she wore a product that made it look like it was still a little damp. On her feet, splayed outwards and held sideways, flat against the ground by her wide, kneeling posture, she wore a pair of shiny red stilettos, held on her feet by three ankle straps. She wore a pair of large gold hoop earrings and a shiny red collar that had large gold studs pressed around its circumference. She looked like an Arabian princess who was being forced to dress like a slut. I immediately felt for her.

The other Mistress&#8217;s feet moved often as she fidgeted and talked with Davina. The other girl caught my eye, and then quickly looked away.

&#8216;I said drink!&#8217; my Mistress called out, hitting her cup onto the table above me. I could tell by the hollow sound and by how hard she had been able to hit it, that she had finished her drink, in spite of how hot the coffee was.

&#8216;Yes Mistress!&#8217; 

I swallowed mine down as quickly as I could, even though it scorched inside my gullet.

&#8216;Come on then, follow me&#8217;, she said.




&#8216;This is an access terminal&#8217;

I stared at the large, busy graphic-interface on the touch screen that hung on the wall.

&#8216;And there you are&#8217;

She touched the interface and it called up a diagram of the floor that was spotted with little labelled dots. Her long dark fingernail pointed to one that said &#8216;Anita&#8217;.

She had taken me via a small control room that had been covered with screens showing views of rooms and corridors. The smaller computer-girl who had been round at my flat earlier had been in there working at the machines. Mistress Davina had obviously taken my mobile phone because she handed it to the girl. She wasted no time in cracking the back open, removing the SIM card and feeding that into one of her machines. Then she plugged my phone into a different machine and started typing. I stood there in silence while she worked. Davina was busy over at the far side. In a moment, Davina came over to me holding a small thin cardboard box about the size of an old video cassette.

&#8216;Kneel&#8217;

I had dropped to my knees, sitting back on my heels

&#8216;Kneel up&#8217;&nbsp; 

I wasn&#8217;t sure what she meant but I lifted myself up as high as I could whilst staying on my knees.

&#8216;This is for you to wear whilst you are at the club&#8217;

She flipped open the cardboard lid and took out a white object that was wrapped in plastic. As she pulled it from its bag I could see that it was a collar, like my one at home, white, with gold fittings. As she spread the folded leather open, I could see that it was different. The white leather was thicker and looked stiffer, stronger and of higher quality but it looked less flexible, maybe because it was new. In any case, it looked like it would be less comfortable. 

The studs were not simple bumps like on my normal collar. They were long, scary-looking gold-coloured spikes that widened away from their dangerous-looking points until, after flaring, they scalloped quickly inwards before piercing the leather. I gasped as I saw how it looked, it was frightening.

As she held it taut and open in front of me, turning it over, I could see that the gold studs were mated to smooth, comfortable looking brass pads on the inside. The two throat-studs on the inside had been faithfully recreated but these looked a little more complicated. Instead of being two bland studs of metal, these were shielded from the collar by black plastic grommets and it looked like the part of the collar in between them housed something behind a metal plate. My heart started to beat faster as I didn&#8217;t know what this meant; and I knew that everything so far had been bad. Also, with its more extreme studs it was so much more daring and embarrassing. It had a degrading slutty-glamour-punk look to it and it looked like it belonged around the throat of a whore, or perhaps her dog. 

I held my arms tightly against my sides to make sure I resisted every impulse to hold my hands up to protect my neck. She brushed the back of my hair aside and then wound the collar onto my throat, buckling it securely behind.

I shifted my head, swallowing, trying to get it to sit more comfortably, slightly worried that the spikes might get me.

&#8216;Oooh yes, definitely nice and slutty&#8217;, her smile was back as she stroked my burning cheek and brushed my hair away so that my new collar was on show. She had stood me up and pulled me over to stand in front of the mirror, to see myself. The collar looked exactly as I thought it would on me, the gold highlighted the earrings I wore and the rings hanging through my nipples. My plump lips hung miserably as I saw that I looked like a girl who was screaming for attention; of only one specific kind.



I soon discovered that there was a chip in my new collar that would inform the house computer of my position within the building. Sure enough, it had me exactly where I was, stood in front of a terminal on the lower, basement floor. Some of the labelled dots were moving slowly about the building; &#8216;Eva&#8217;, &#8216;Tynisha&#8217; and &#8216;Lana&#8217;, whilst others that were stationary; &#8216;Lilia&#8217; and &#8216;Anita&#8217;. I was almost caught by a powerful sob when it struck me for the first time the scale of their operation here. This club was large, over at least three floors and this was the middle of the day when the club would be closed. How many other girls before me had been captured and subjected to this terrible purpose? It could be dozens, or maybe more.

&#8216;Your collar can be activated, to make you do things.&#8217;

She turned my chin so that I was looking at her.

&#8216;It will signal to you if you are to receive instruction. Then you will report to a terminal to find out what is required of you. Your response to this has already been programmed and you will not be able to resist&#8217;

She touched a small box on the right hand side of the screen.

&#8216;Go and stand over there&#8217;, she pointed down the corridor. I walked a few feet from her, looking shyly back as I went, to see what she was doing. She was typing something on the screen. After a minute she finished and then touched the screen once more. 

I felt a buzz at the front of my neck and I my eyes shot open in surprise. Suddenly, I knew that I had to get to a screen and I knew, like when Trisha or Vivienne had frozen me or clicked me to walk at heel, that I would simply not be able to disobey. I felt like there was something alien in my head as I started to walk. I started crying. Davina grinned and stepped aside. I obeyed my bidding, my will limp and fully compliant, until I stood in front of the terminal. The computer knew exactly where I was and a little rectangle with &#8216;Anita&#8217; on it popped onto the side of the screen. I didn&#8217;t know if I was being forced to or not, but my finger went straight to it. A large box opened on the screen with &#8216;Anita - Instruction - Remove all your clothes except your slutty shoes and your sexy new collar, then get onto your belly and crawl, dragging your belly and tits along the floor to lick Mistress Davina&#8217;s boots, do not stop until she says &#8216;good girl&#8217;&#8217;

Tears spilled from my eyes as my hands started to work without my permission. I dropped my little leather jacket onto the floor. I peeled off my tight pink boob-tube top and then unbuttoned and unzipped my white leather skirt, shrugging it down around my feet. I had not been allowed to wear underwear so I was standing naked, but only briefly. Within a few seconds I had dropped to the floor. I pressed my belly and breasts onto the cold plastic tiling, feeling the dry powder and grains from the slight dirt against me. There was pain as I started to move and my nipple rings snagged against the floor. It was hard to crawl on my belly. I had to spread my legs wide to each side like a slutty frog, smearing myself along the floor. I was sobbing uncontrollably as I my body inched itself, against my will, towards her black high-heeled boots. 

&#8216;Yes&#8217;, she whispered, &#8217;you see how this works now don&#8217;t you&#8217;

&#8216;Yes Mistress&#8217;, I wept as I got to her and started to kiss her feet. My saliva glistened on the dull leather of her boots as I licked at them. The stud in my tongue hurt like hell as I pushed on it, but I still dragged it across her foot, punishing myself with its every stroke. It started to feel like it was tearing at my tongue. I was so scared.

&#8216;Good girl&#8217;, she whispered and I was released as suddenly as I had been controlled.

I pulled my tongue back into my mouth and clamped it shut. 

I was in control again but lost. I didn&#8217;t know what to do. Half of me wanted to hold her by her boots again and press my cheek tightly into her, the other half wanted to stand up and run from her as fast as I could. I was in this big new place that I didn&#8217;t understand and I didn&#8217;t know the way out. I now knew that I would be unable to hide anywhere; that they would always know exactly where I was. I knew that I could be commanded and controlled in this building by a simple signal to my collar, which would render me totally obedient. I felt very tiny and at the centre of an immense and dangerous universe. I felt like I was being reduced to a mere number, a controllable commodity, one among many who could be made to dance or crawl, or to perform in any other way. 

I looked up at her and swallowed with a renewed fear, realising the power that she had over me. Then I looked up at the terminal; anyone could send a message to me while I was here, all they would need would be the right code and the internet. I looked up at the ceiling and saw the camera looking down at me. Who was watching me, ready to control me? Was Vivienne watching? Was Trisha? Would they make my collar buzz and write terrible things on the screen for me to do? 

I reached for her boot as my lips tightened and quivered. All I had now was this new Mistress. I desperately needed her to be a kind, fair Mistress to me. It felt like a long shot but it was the only thing that I could think to hope for. She had stroked my head earlier and had called me a &#8216;brave girl&#8217;. I so wanted her to take pity on me and to protect me from the others and from this place. She pulled her foot away and stepped off, down the corridor.

&#8216;Pick up your clothes and come along now Anita&#8217;











Part 33

&#8216;Come here little baby girl&#8217;, Davina said, sitting on a long bench and opening her arms to me.

I hurried to her and knelt at her feet, still weeping from the control she had exerted through my collar.

&#8216;No, up here, come to me&#8217;

I knelt up and brought my red streamy face into her. She took my head and cradled me into her bosom.

&#8216;Shhhh, baby girl&#8217;, she whispered, stroking the side of my head.

The tenderness that she was showing melted me and only seemed to make me open up more. I started to sob into her.

&#8216;Shhhhhh&#8217;, she soothed.

&#8216;Mistress, I�.I don&#8217;t�&#8217;

&#8216;Shhhhhhh&#8217;, she insisted. I just pressed myself into her and timidly held her by the waist.

&#8216;Mistress is going to take good care of you, you&#8217;ll see&#8217; 

I snuffled into her, nodding.

After a few minutes, she wiped my eyes, took my clothes from me, pointed to a new kneeling spot for me on the floor and then laid my clothes in one of many open lockers against the right-hand wall while I positioned myself. She took a couple of thick looking towels from another locker and set them down onto one of the wooden benches. 

&#8216;Wait there&#8217;

There were about ten sets of showers, all open to one another along the back wall. I rubbed my eyes to clear them so that I could see the room properly.

Near to the door were several sets of shelves, racked next to each other, neatly filled with pairs of clear plastic slippers, their tall high-heels all lined up and facing into the room, giving the appearance of a colourless plastic shoe shop. In the centre of the room were a few benches. The floor was covered with coarse ceramic tiles that the smooth plastic soles of my shoes gripped well against. The tiles stepped down to form a water trap around the showers and I could see a stout round wooden blanking-plug set into the tiling under the spout of each shower.

My eyes followed her as she took a chunky wooden stool and set it down in the shower. She reached down and lifted the hefty wooden plug revealing a hole about eight inches wide. 

&#8216;Time for me to take a good look at you and then to get you processed, but we need to get you cleaned up first. I want you to be clean��everywhere. Start by emptying yourself. Over there&#8217;

She pointed to the wooden stool set over the hole. The seat had a large hole in the middle. I looked at her, questioning at first, then pleading a little as I realised what she was asking me to do. 

She had been so kind to me when she had soothed me. She seemed different from Vivienne or Trisha, she seemed to actually care a little and perhaps wasn&#8217;t, at least not completely, a rampant sadistic bitch. I really wanted to keep her happy with me as, compared to them, she was a saint. That, however, didn&#8217;t make what she was asking me to do any less difficult. Red faced, with the tears still drying on my cheeks and a carefully concealed inward sulk, I strutted over the tiled floor and sat myself down on the makeshift wooden toilet.

Davina walked over towards me. As I heard her approaching, my gaze dropped. I caught sight of the unwelcome rings hanging from my generous breasts, my long pink designer fingernails, still bearing Trisha&#8217;s &#8216;Slut&#8217; script and the little rings punched through them. My fingers rested on my opened knees and the rounded pointy toes of my white shoes faced inwards to each other slightly as I subconsciously tried to make myself that little bit smaller.

&#8216;Your relationship with me as your training Mistress will be�.intimate. The most intimate relationship that you have ever had&#8217;, she told me softly as she came to stand above me.

&#8216;I will know everything about you. I will see everything that you do and you can have no secrets or privacy from me. You may hide nothing from me. And with all this, I will train you, and thoroughly at that&#8217;

She stroked my head briefly and then stopped, standing up tall in front of me.

&#8216;Now. We have work to do. Empty yourself girl&#8217;

I had never had to go to the toilet with anyone watching before. I sat there, aware that my bowels were full and of the coffee increasing the urgency of my need. My Mistress was waiting but I didn&#8217;t feel that I could bear down to squeeze anything out while someone was watching. She put her finger under my nose, squashing it painfully and pushing my face up to look at her.

&#8216;Really Anita, we have a lot to do today. I don&#8217;t think you want to start our first session with me punishing you do you?&#8217;

&#8216;No Mistress! But I can&#8217;t do it with you watching, it doesn&#8217;t want to come!&#8217;

&#8216;Is that your final answer?&#8217; her calm, eloquent voice was slow and deliberate.

&#8216;No�.No Mistress, I will try harder&#8217;

I clenched my face and pushed as hard as I could; then it started to come. As she stood over me my piss started to flow into the hole below me, then I took a shit. She stood there, motionless, as I heard my dropping splash loudly a few feet below in the drainage hole. My face coursed with embarrassment, it was so undignified.

&#8216;Make sure you get it all out, really I don&#8217;t know what you&#8217;re making a fuss about&#8217;

She made a scoffing noise to herself before walking to the shelves as my next turd fell. I was relieved that she was distracted and fetching a pair of plastic sandals from the top shelf. I finished off and then sat there expectantly, feeling like when I was a small child, being toilet-trained by her mother.

&#8216;Here, size five. Put these on&#8217;

Still sitting on the toilet, feeling ashamed, exposed and humiliated, I unbuckled my white ankle-strap pumps and pulled them off. I quickly put my feet into the well-used but comfortable-looking plastic sandals and fastened the chunky plastic buckles. The sandals had thick clear high heels and were much more stable than the tiny points of my stilettos.

She pulled me up and then over to the shower and then thrust me towards it.

&#8216;Clean yourself thoroughly and wash your hair, I want all Vivienne&#8217;s cum off your face and all of your slut-stench off you&#8217;

She set down some products on the shower shelf and yanked up the wooden stool. I turned the shower on and stood next to it, my hand under the stream to wait while the water warmed.

&#8216;Get in there now girl&#8217;, she clapped her hands sharply, &#8217;this is not a spa day out&#8217;

I jumped into the cold water and shuddered as my hair soaked up as much water as it could take and then spilt the freezing liquid down onto my body. My body contracted with shivers. Still in the plastic sandals, gritting my teeth, I covered myself in soap lather and shampooed my hair. The water finally warmed and I closed my eyes. I used the lovely sensation, the smell of perfumed soap and the feeling of the suds from the shampoo trickling down me to pretend that I was back in my old life, getting ready to go to work. I imagined that I would be putting on one of the suits that I had bought with Vivienne and making myself look really smart and beautiful. Then I would be going in to work, feeling alive and attractive, to talk through the itinerary with my boss before doing his typing. I looked up with my eyes closed to let the water clear the soap away and then looked back at the real world, I was cleaning myself for my new Mistress.

Davina was positioning a different wooden structure under the shower two spaces along.

&#8216;Conditioner too. And clean yourself after your shit&#8217;

I did as she told me. She beckoned me over and I dripped my way to her the water on my body cooling off as I moved. Her signal was clear. I bent over the wooden horse, pointing my backside upwards, reaching down the far side as far as I could and grabbing hold of the legs.

&#8216;Mistress is going to clean you down below now baby girl, we&#8217;ll start with a nice refreshing douche of your pussy&#8217;

With my sodden head hanging down, my blush made my already engorged face feel like it was a swollen beetroot. I shuddered whilst she took one of the hoses hanging from the pipes and slid a fitting on to it. I jumped when I felt her press a rounded plastic dildo against my vagina. 

&#8216;Open wide baby girl&#8217;

My face burned as I spread my legs, opening my pussy for her. I wasn&#8217;t sure that I liked being called &#8216;baby girl&#8217; either, it made me think of toilet training and cleaning an infant.&nbsp; I clenched my teeth as she pushed it against me and then firmly slid the thing inside me. I wasn&#8217;t warmed up, lubricated or ready to be penetrated.

&#8216;Ooooh&#8217;, I shrieked at the sudden intrusion. Then I let out a short scream as she turned the liquid on. I gasped quietly to myself, trying get some control after my involuntary outburst, hoping that I wouldn&#8217;t anger her. I felt filled with an unpleasant pressure and I could soon feel cool liquid flowing down, clinging to the insides of my legs, streaming through the straps of the plastic sandals.

&#8216;In and out and turn it round&#8217;

I squealed automatically as she moved the thing about inside me, washing me out.

&#8216;We need to get all that dried cum out of there don&#8217;t we&#8217;

&#8216;Yes Mistress&#8217;, I agreed feeling the shame, maybe there was some dried cum left from when I rode my man in the back of his van.

&#8216;There, that&#8217;s much, much better&#8217;

She pulled the large douche out and dropped the used end-piece onto the floor. I could see it now. It looked like a yellowy-pink cucumber that had thin parallel ridges running along its length and little holes, like the ones on shower-heads, inside the trenches in between. The ridges had grated against my tunnel making me squeal as they had pulled and turned inside me. I was tense, gripping hold of the legs of the horse as I tried to push the rest of the spent fluid out of me.

&#8216;Oh&#8217;, I gasped startled. She was now at my rear opening with a different attachment.

&#8216;Open wide&#8217; she slapped both my cheeks quickly and painfully.

&#8216;There. Good girl.&#8217;

I felt pressure build at my bottom until she was pressing hard, then I felt my sphincter yield and the burning surprise as another plastic tube slid inside me, this time through my anus.

&#8216;OOOOOOH&#8217;, I sang, shrill and quivering as she turned on the fluid. Like the night before, when Vivienne had pumped me full of warm piss, my belly immediately protested, gurgling and bloating uncomfortably as the liquid surged inside.

&#8216;That&#8217;s right, we need to allow the cleansing water to get to all those dirty nooks and crannies in there. There&#8217;s nothing that one of your clients wants to see less than some of your shit on the end of his cock&#8217;

I resented that I had to undergo such extreme discomfort to keep one of my service holes clean for someone else. I couldn&#8217;t help but squeeze as she unplugged the water hose and I could feel the pressure releasing. My squeeze propelled the water up into the air and then sent it gushing down between my legs, swirling down to the drain. I could see little brown lumps and ragged structures racing along with the expelled torrent of liquid. She wasted no time in plugging the enema hose straight back in and I had to grip hold of the legs of the wooden horse as she refilled me and the pain took me again.

&#8216;This time, let it out slowly, I don&#8217;t want to see that filthy mess spraying out again, show some restraint. You hear me?&#8217;

&#8216;Yes Mistress&#8217;, I groaned.

&#8216;Ok, do it properly or Mistress will punish you&#8217;




After she had thoroughly washed me, inside as well as out, she slid another dildo up each of my holes. As she slowly withdrew them, one after the other, I could feel that she must have squeezed something from them. My pussy felt slick and lubricated, while my ass felt like it had been oiled or rubbed with Vaseline.

She dabbed delicately around my private areas with soft tissues. I could feel the coolness as the last of the moisture was evaporating from me as she blew on my underside.

&#8216;There, lovely and clean and dry and soft as a baby. Ripe for a good fucking in either of those holes now I would say&#8217;

She gave me a little smack on the bottom. My dripping hair swung as I jerked.

&#8216;You will have to get used to this little cleaning routine. None of your clients will want to make use of you if you are still harbouring any of the fluids or muck from their predecessors. So you will wash yourself out after every client soils you. You have a very pretty little pink asshole there, you know, I have a feeling that it will become rather popular&#8217; 
















Part 34


I stood against the light grey wall. Davina sized me up with her compact camera. She had made me face her, with my hands held down straight by my sides, looking straight ahead; deliberately expressionless and directly into the lens. Then she had had me turn, repeating the position from each side and then from behind so that my back was to her. The flash flickered as she captured the images.

Then she came closer and aimed the camera at only my head. 

&#8216;Look at the camera&#8217;, she clicked and it flashed at me again and then again.

&#8216;Turn right&#8217;, click, &#8216;Now Left&#8217;, click, click, &#8216;now face the wall&#8217;, click.

I felt that this was how a new inmate at a prison was processed; scared and new to institutional life, having her details recorded, by force if necessary. Whilst that aspect of it was frightening, a female prisoner would, at least, be wearing some sort of comfortable clothing and be protected by a ream of legislation against any kind of harsh treatment or cruel or unusual punishment. My processing for this place afforded none of those kinds of luxuries. The &#8217;mug-shots&#8217; for my record left nothing to the imagination. I struggled not to break down as she took the naked full body pictures and close-up shots of my face and profile. Every one of the indignities on my body was being catalogued. Everything was documented; my naked breasts and the new nipple rings, my smooth, hairless pussy and the two piercing balls above it, my face after plastic surgery with its tidy nose, plumped-up lips and my fingernails that currently said &#8216;slut&#8217; on them. My whole appearance capped off with my &#8216;essential&#8217; white high heels which it looked like I had elected to wear in preference to either panties or a bra.

Even before I had met Vivienne, I had hated to wear a name badge or an identity card. Those sorts of things made me feel like I was being quantified or objectified. It felt like an affront to my unique individuality. This was much worse than a single shot of my face for a badge so that I could sit and work as a receptionist. Also, I knew that these were for my file that they would keep on me, and that this record would be on hand to any of my new wardresses so that they would know exactly who I was. I was sure that they would file, along with the pictures, other details about me that I did not want them to have. Now they would have a reference of every curve and line on my body and face and it made it feel like that special thing about my body that was uniquely mine was now owned and available to them too. I managed to keep myself from crying by blinking my eyes a lot and trying to concentrate on looking expressionless.

Davina had carefully dried me after my shower and had blow-dried my hair into its big showy style. She had taken my earrings out for the pictures but had then made me put them back in once we had finished. My face was naked now save for the earrings and the increasingly annoying tongue stud.

&#8216;Now for the money shots, bend over that bar&#8217;

She pointed to a thick iron rail that stood at waist height, poking out from the wall. I walked over to it and carefully bent around it, inverting myself so that I was fully over, exposing my backside to her.

&#8216;Grab your cheeks and pull them apart just a little&#8217;

I burned with anger and shame as I did as I was told. I could see her walking towards me and then squatting down to aim the camera.

Click. It flashed again.

&#8216;Very nice, that captures your pretty little rose nicely Anita&#8217;

She stood up.

&#8216;Get up now and climb onto this table&#8217;

I did as I was told.

&#8216;Now, sit facing me, put your shoes together�..and take your knees with your hands and open them�..Yes, that&#8217;s right�.Open them right up��.Yes�.Now, push your pussy out to me���Yes��good girl���Now push your tits out to me��Good��..Now open your mouth a little and show me that tongue stud�..Excellent��Look at the camera��.Hold there&#8217;

It flashed in my face again. Then she adjusted her position and reeled off a few more shots of me. I had to breathe slowly and carefully as I held myself that way. I could not believe that this degrading pose was the way I would be seen and that I had no knowledge of who would see it. People would think that I was a shameless slut and that I was auditioning to work in the sex industry; as a porn star or as a call-girl. 

&#8216;I was not a slut! I had no control over any of this and it was not me!&#8217; I protested to myself, frustrated that this knowledge would not make it onto the camera&#8217;s record as a footnote alongside all my exposed female anatomy.

After the photos, she started to measure me. She wrapped a tape measure around my neck, my wrists, my ankles, my waist, hips, my bust and measured my leg lengths. Then she said,

&#8216;On the scales&#8217;

I stepped on as she bent to read my weight.

&#8216;I will be strictly controlling your weight from now on&#8217;

She grabbed the skin and fat around my bottom and squeezed it between her thumb and fingers.

&#8216;You&#8217;ve got flab to lose here to get this ass looking good enough. I&#8217;ll bet you&#8217;ve been a lazy girl haven&#8217;t you?&#8217;, she was almost sneering,&nbsp; &#8216;What regular exercise did you take?&#8217;

I frowned slightly

&#8216;Erm�well�.I used to walk to work�.And I used to run errands at work�..And I used to carry my shopping home?....&#8217;

She was right, I probably had been lazy.

She snorted. Her voice dripped with derision,

&#8216;You see. You girls need to be taken in hand and brought to places like this. Left to your own devices you neglect yourselves. You don&#8217;t treasure yourselves and you let yourselves go. I&#8217;ve seen what you looked like when you first turned up�..and a fucking shameful state it was too. You need harnessing and you need working on girl&#8217;

I looked down. It was true; I had not taken good care of myself, certainly not to the best of my ability in any case. That did not, though, in any way, justify any of what they were doing to me.

&#8216;We will take your weight down, to get rid of this ugly fat&#8217;

She brushed me on the backside and on the outside of my legs, scratching at me and then regarding her fingers with disgust, like she had just scraped some filth from me. She grabbed a thumbful of flesh from my belly and shook that as well.

&#8216;And you will be toned up by the time I have finished with you, in fact lets start now. On your knees and give me twenty press-ups&#8217;

And so my physical training under Mistress Davina started.

She worked me hard, for the next hour. She made me hold myself in a plank position, do squats, press-ups and walk rapidly with my knees lifted high up. She made me do each exercise in rotation until the sweat dripped from my forehead, down my naked body and onto the floor. As the time passed, I could see the floor getting wetter and wetter.

She made me do crunches, twisting as I struggled to bring my body up from lying on my back. I did lunges, slowly, getting the movement right, still wearing high stilettos but repeating the movement over and over until my thighs and bottom screamed. She made me stand up onto extreme tip-toes and then come slowly down. She made me do it with my feet turned in, then out, then facing normally. After twenty-five raises in each position my calves were burning and my body was starting to feel weak. It was starting to disobey any instructions that meant using energy. Then she upped the pain. 

&#8216;The next sets of exercises come with penalties if you fail to complete them&#8217;

I brushed my damp, matted hair away from my face to stare at her, panting, frightened; I didn&#8217;t feel that I had much strength left.

&#8216;I have something that will help you focus&#8217;

She strutted, a relaxed but perfectly controlled, easy movement, her hips swaying like a hypnotic pendulum in her tight, black but airy looking dress. Her high heeled knee-length leather boots made me think of her as a formidable, fetish-inspired drill-sergeant. She took something from her bag and then swayed her way casually back over. 

&#8216;Down on all fours&#8217;

I dropped down, relieved to take the rest.

&#8216;Now, offer me your left wrist&#8217;

I lifted it up towards her. She bent her knees and then wrapped a white leather strap about my wrist. I looked at it. It looked like a watch.

She stood up again.

The watch was digital, white plastic with a large face, except it didn&#8217;t seem to be showing the time. Instead it simply had the number &#8216;0&#8217; on it in glowing red. It had some little buttons on the side, as digital watches do, but also a larger red button at the top of the face.

I put my hand back down on the floor and looked nervously up at her.

&#8216;That number is to keep you focused. This is your infraction bracelet. At the end of the day, the number on that bracelet determines how you are to be punished&#8217;

I could feel my bottom lip start to tighten downwards and my eyes start to swell a little. Please! I didn&#8217;t want any more misery and I certainly didn&#8217;t want to be punished by her!

&#8216;For every number on there, I will have something unpleasant visited on you, it&#8217;ll be a�.surprise for you to find out Anita, but let me tell you, after you do understand, you will work hard to try and keep that number down. If you&#8217;re a very bad girl and the number gets too high, then you go in the slave box and you experience that punishment that has been fixed inside your head and which you have felt only very, very briefly so far&#8217;

She had her hand in my hair as I knelt on all fours, my face down, trying to hide that I was crying from her.

&#8216;So for every failure or lack of application, we will add to your infraction bracelet, so it is really very much in your interests to avoid that. So, now, squat thrusts, bring your toes up to your hands, then jump them back, then back between your hands again. Twenty times, now!&#8217;

My vision was blurred with tears as I almost shouted &#8216;Yes Mistress!&#8217; and set about jumping my feet up. The pointed toes of my shoes made it a little more difficult than it would otherwise have been but it was a relief to have my weight off the stilettos and onto my toes. The exercise was tough and after four repetitions I was starting to tire. I started to cry, out loud, in desperation but also in determination as I tried to make each sob help power my body. I tried to force my way through the exercise. My belly was exhausted and I started to feel sick from all the exertion, but still I carried on. She was right, the glowing red number on my new &#8216;infraction bracelet&#8217; was a powerful motivator in spite of the fact that I did not actually know what the number meant yet. It was enough for me that it would be some kind of terrible punishment and that if I could possibly avoid it, by any means possible, then I should. When she had talked about the punishment mechanism that Vivienne had hard-wired into me, then it had crystallized my resolve to do exactly as I was told. I would be obedient, even if it killed me.

By sheer force of will, my body burning, I managed to just finish the task, with no reserve of strength, puffing and gasping.

&#8216;On your back, sit-ups, twenty, go&#8217;

I could make no effort to hide my obvious weeping as I lay on my back and tried as best as I could to do as she said. After a feeble first attempt, and then an even weaker second attempt I could barely move because my belly was on fire and worn out. I tried again, doing one sit-up but then I was exhausted again. I broke down, put my hands over my face, curled up in a ball on my side and cried; I couldn&#8217;t do any more.

&#8216;P-please, Mistress��I&#8217;m�.&#8217;, I blubbered.

&#8216;Bracelet&#8217;, she snapped, almost shouting at me.

I looked at my wrist with its new band fastened on and then back up at her, I didn&#8217;t understand. She put her hand in my hair, grasped a handful, lifted my face up and then slapped me ferociously around my cheek. My vision swayed before the shockwave of pain slapped me again.

&#8216;BRACELET! Hold it out to me you pathetic little bitch!&#8217;

I sniffed and frantically held my left wrist up to her, my cheek burning from her hand. She was frowning and breathing firmly through her nose. I held my wrist out higher, stretching it out towards her as far as it would go.

&#8216;Well. That was a shameful little display&#8217;, she relaxed a little.

She held my wrist and moved her thumb over the red button. She pressed down, it beeped and the 0 turned into a 1. I looked up at her, scared, I didn&#8217;t know what it meant.

&#8216;And so that you learn to advance your bracelet out when you are told to&#8217;

She pressed it again, it beeped and the little 1 became a 2.

&#8216;We will talk about that, but for now you can know that you will be punished later. Now, there is more training to do&#8217;

She visibly relaxed.

&#8216;Let&#8217;s do something else&#8217; 
















Part 35

&#8216;Hi everyone&#8217;, I smiled, &#8216;my name&#8217;s Anita�and�..I&#8217;m training to be a Zippers girl!&#8217; I said with as much enthusiasm as I could manage, keeping the unnatural, vacuous smile stuck on my face.

&#8216;I just wanted you guys to get a look at me�..so��here I am!......and I&#8217;m just SO excited to be able to show you guys my body out there! It&#8217;s making me so�..Hot!....Just thinking about it�And I&#8217;m gonna work so hard for you guys, you&#8217;ll see!.....I&#8217;ll be ready to show you one hell of a time�&#8217; I gushed, winking at the camera and pushing my lips together into a kiss. I blew it softly at them. Then I opened my lips again, slowly, and I licked hungrily at the air in front of me before staring right back at them and letting an enthusiastic grin take hold. I stuck my tongue out.

&#8216;So�..my new tongue stud, I guess you guys can tell what THAT&#8217;S for�..Right?&#8217; 

I tried to look cheeky as I lifted one painted fingernail up to my lips. I splayed my fingers widely, showcasing the cryptic but currently accurate lettering painted on my nails. I pointed them right at the camera so that they would be readable. I ran my tongue stud firmly up from the base to the very tip of my index finger, all the time keeping my gaze locked on the centre of the camera thinking &#8216;please, I need you to fuck me&#8217; thoughts and hoping that they manifested on my face. I was a slut, just like it said on my nails and I needed Davina and the camera to be convinced of that. It was easier to be a slut than to be punished any more.

&#8216;It&#8217;s still healing right now so I can&#8217;t do all the things that I SO want to do with it just yet��.but don&#8217;t worry, it&#8217;ll come�..and maybe so will you&#8217;, I giggled naughtily. I winked at the camera as lewdly as I could and gave a little playful lick again. I hoped that I was not blushing as a slut shouldn&#8217;t blush, and I tried not to think about the number on my bracelet; it was enough of a threat that I was wearing the damn thing. That fact kept me totally focused on my task at hand. I was committed to doing my absolute best to act like a wannabe whore, anything less and Davina would add to my infraction bracelet.

&#8216;Ok�.so these down here, these are my new tits! I&#8217;ve had implants put in especially for all you guys out there who like a girl with a big pair, and I just love them! Maybe you will too? &#8217;

Davina panned the camera view out so that the screen would be filled with my head, neck and now my breasts, held slightly upwards and together as the edges of my palms proudly advanced them towards the camera.

&#8216;They&#8217;re not as big as I want them just yet though�.I can&#8217;t wait for them to be lovely and full and well�HUGE! (giggle!)......so I can show them to you guys and turn you guys on! I want them to be a nice big target for you when you spill on me!&#8217; My face turned a deep purple saying that, I swallowed and prayed that my makeup would disguise it.

&#8216;.....And these here&#8217; I set my mind back on the task. I pushed my thumbs through the rings in my nipples and gently tugged them away until my nipples twitched slightly at the camera, &#8217;these here are my new rings, aren&#8217;t they just gorgeous!....I love how they hang here and how they make my tits look so sexy and I love how they make my nips look so swollen and turned on!&#8217;

I pushed my breasts together more firmly and smiled

&#8216;And I love how much cleavage I have now, I just want to wrap them around your cock and rub them up and down until you cum onto me!&#8217;

I started to pump my breasts up and down massaging an imaginary cock nestled in between them. I couldn&#8217;t believe how I was behaving and I couldn&#8217;t believe that I was thinking of all this stuff. My brief time surfing through the computer porn collection had made me assimilate much more than I had realised.

&#8216;I need to stop doing this as its just making me TOO hot and I&#8217;m going to wish that you really were inside my tits ready unload�.over my tits�and my face�and maybe get some in my mouth�..I just love cum so much!....&#8217; followed by the little confessional giggle that Vivienne had punched into me.

&#8216;And so, down here&#8217;

Davina panned out further, to include the view down between my legs. I was sitting back, against some red silk cushions, wearing my white, studded collar and my new punishment bracelet. Davina had blow-dried and styled my hair again after my exercises and had supervised me putting on a &#8216;nice, new glamour-girl&#8217; makeup regimen. My eyes now wore a bright, glittery pink eye-shadow that blended into neon white and then a dark silver as it filled the space between my lashes and my brows. My lashes were puffed and laden with thick, black mascara and my eyelids were lined with ultra-fine, twinned strips of white and black eyeliner. On my cheeks, I wore a heavy red-pink blush over a thick pad of foundation that fully disguised my natural skin tone and would hide my natural embarrassment reactions. She had painted a thick, glossy, metallic pink onto my lips, with a fine, deep dusky-fuchsia liner drawn around them to emphasise them. I looked like a heavily made-up bimbo from an eighties porn mag. 

For my &#8216;performance&#8217;, she had made sure that I wore all seven sets of my earrings and that my hair was aerated enough that these would be well displayed. I was to be naked otherwise, with one other exception. She had brought, amongst the other things, a plastic bag from my flat. When she pulled it out from her own larger bag, my heart quickened. It was my third purchase from my shoe-shopping trip with Vivienne and I had not yet worn them. She extracted the plastic package from her bag and then, one by one, she pulled out the last of my unworn footwear. 

I had wanted to stamp my feet in protest as she unzipped them and sat me down in a chair, I didn&#8217;t want to be seen in them, and especially not only in them. Obediently, but fretting, I slid my foot down and inside. Slowly, I pushed my foot until it slipped fully into the first of my new boots and my heel nestled on top of the precarious five-inch stiletto. Davina pulled the man-made matt-white material around my calf and then started to zip them up. 

She stood back and smiled, lifting her hands up, commanding me to stand. As I balanced on them, I was naked and I wore a pair a white spike-heeled thigh boots. Along the outside of each there was a criss-cross of lacing that ran from the top, all the way down to just above my foot, the strings pressing into and exposing my flesh between the side-seams of the boots. The tops of the thigh boots left a short stretch of inner thigh but otherwise served to draw the attention upwards, into my crotch. The five inch white stilettos ensured that my voyeur wouldn&#8217;t know which part of me to look at. They were screamed for attention and were incredibly slutty, the preserve of porno girls, or prostitutes. They had been the things in the shoe shop that had affected me most and, when I had told her, Vivienne had delighted in making me buy them. 

&#8216;Oh, now those boots were just MADE for you, Anita. You look so right in them&#8217;, Davina had smiled, she had walked up to me and stroked my face, &#8216;imagine how you will feel wearing them in front of a man who has paid for you&#8217;

Davina panned the camcorder out so that my viewers would be able to see me, sat against the red cushions, my right leg up, bent at the knee and balancing on my stiletto, my left leg open and to the side. My pussy had been made up with oils and lubricants to look like I was aroused and slick with my own juices. My gaping lips were framed by a short stretch of inner thighs and then the white artificial leather of my thigh boots. The stiletto heel of my bent left boot sat close to the entrance to my pussy, completing the scene.

&#8216;This down here, between my favourite boots�..this is my hot�..wet�.cunt&#8217;

I opened my legs a little more and thrust myself up towards the camera

&#8216;See how my cunt-lips are all glistening?....Well that&#8217;s because I need a fuck SO badly right now!&#8217;

I tried to let the camera see how needful I was, I tried to summon a sense of intense sexual frustration and lust to myself

&#8216;Please�.You guys have to promise that you will come and fuck me!&#8217;

I swung around and got down on all fours, lowering my body down and then parting my legs and pushing my backside up to the camera.

&#8216;And if you don&#8217;t feel like a piece of my cunt, then my little ass will be waiting for you&#8217;

At this, the tail-end of my video presentation, I was on all fours, bending my head round to face the camera which was looking straight between my buttocks.

&#8216;I&#8217;ve had it bleached because I think it looks pretty and, well, inviting!.......... I wonder if you can imagine sliding your cock inside me here��.mmmmmmmm!.......the thought just drives me WILD!.....And let me tell you, you won&#8217;t have to imagine it for much longer��.in a while, you&#8217;ll be able to have the real thing��..I know I can&#8217;t wait��Can you?

I reached behind and gently spread myself so that they could see all of my bleached asshole. It was not something that I got to see much of myself, but Davina, Vivienne and Trisha had all made a fuss over how &#8216;pretty&#8217; it was after the treatment. Now that the camera was off my face, I allowed myself to blush with shame and to screw up my eyes. The last thing I really wanted to do was to advertise myself, but to advertise my &#8216;cunt&#8217; and my &#8216;ass&#8217; this way was inconceivable. And the way I had been forced to talk about myself made me cry with shame.

The camcorder beeped as Davina stopped the filming.

&#8216;Finally, something that was JUST passable. I mean don&#8217;t get me wrong, it was repetitive, and stupid, but then you really are just a vacuous little slut-girl, and we&#8217;re not expecting an oratory masterpiece from you&#8217;

She patted me patronisingly on the head, like I was a disappointing child that had finally done something that was just passable.

I couldn&#8217;t look at her. I was so relieved that I had done something acceptable. I just looked down at the glowing number 4 on my bracelet and wished we could start again at zero.

After the failure at my workout, Davina had prepared me, sat me up on a red velvet chaise-long and then thrust the camcorder into my face. She had said that we would be working on my presentation and language skills. She had fetched a digital camcorder and had announced that this was as good a time as any for me to record my first video diary.

&#8216;We usually post some teasers on the website about up-and-coming new girls. We find that it can generate real interest for when you are fully trained and ready to go to work. Sometimes we&#8217;ve even had advance bookings for weeks of a girl&#8217;s time!&#8217;
She had fiddled with the lens cap and looked unsure about the buttons.

&#8216;Also, it&#8217;s nice to make a record of your journey as you train, and the clients enjoy seeing that as well. It&#8217;ll be funny in a year&#8217;s time, when you&#8217;re a brazen stripper and hardened and heavily-used sex worker, to look back at this amateur effort and see how na�ve and inexperienced you were&#8217;

She had smiled and for the first time I saw the sadism on her face, I saw how she was enjoying the process of my degradation. I had started to cry when she had painted this picture of what the future held for me. I couldn&#8217;t control myself as I thought of what life would be like as a full-time stripper and whore. Davina ignored me.

&#8216;So, I want an introduction and then a guided tour of your body for the fans at home. I want you to convince us of what a slut you are and of how much you want the boys at home to come in and give you a good seeing to. Take it away!&#8217;

When I had just sobbed at her, she had walked over, yanked at my hand and when I looked down, &#8216;3&#8217; had been summoned to my bracelet. She made no attempt to comfort or help me.

I had breathed quickly and hurriedly started with some weak &#8216;hello&#8217; comments and then a feeble smile and a shy invitation to look at my &#8216;breasts&#8217;.

&#8216;4&#8217; had immediately followed.

&#8216;You are supposed to be a dirty slut Anita! I don&#8217;t want to see you looking shy or to hear that kind of language from you&#8217;

I couldn&#8217;t believe that she was using this expression to reprimand me for using language that was not dirty enough.

&#8216;I&#8217;m so sorry Mistress&#8217;, I had begged ,&#8217;please, help me to do it properly, I don&#8217;t know what to say!&#8217;

The number &#8216;4&#8217; was very scary indeed, and I didn&#8217;t want a &#8216;5&#8217;. 

She had sighed and had then made me talk her through all my female body parts. Her hand had hovered, near my wrist as I carefully sounded my way through my anatomy.

&#8216;My tits?&#8217;

That seemed ok. My hand travelled down.

&#8216;My puss..&#8217;

She frowned. I gulped. I never ever used the c word.

&#8216;My��.cunt..?&#8217;

She smiled. 

I glowed, an uncomfortable deep red, and swallowed. I knew that this would be have to be a core part of my new vocabulary, given my new occupation. I felt incredibly dirty even saying that word, without it becoming the word that I would use to refer to my own genitals.

&#8216;And what do you call these bits?&#8217; she grinned and reached between my legs and, thankfully, before I could react, pinched and rubbed my inner lips between her thumb and forefinger, looking at me, expectantly, enjoying this little teaching exercise.

&#8216;erm�..my��lips?...erm..No..Sorry Mistress�..my cunt-lips?&#8217;

&#8216;That&#8217;s right&#8217; she patted me on the head, &#8217;clever girl! Now, let&#8217;s make your little film. Show off your stuff and your sexy new boots&#8217;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Anita Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





