BDSM Library -  Mysterious ways ways




 Mysterious ways ways
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She should\'t wear red shoes







Nat west 1 lots of tele lovely wife maybe sister 3 bastards just a good
rape story like evil crew




 
  Keith Clarke
   jim
  2
  1653
  2006-09-24T17:53:00Z
  2006-09-24T17:53:00Z
  1
  11126
  63421
  pagan
  528
  148
  74399
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  2.85 pt
  1.95 pt
  0
  2
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Copyright,
kayce69@fsworld.co.uk

&nbsp;

��������������� Another story by Pagan;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�������������������������������������������������������������
Mysterious ways

&nbsp;

Thursday P M.

The man stood,
paper clasped in his hand, the wind blew some of his hair around his forehead.
A man of big business and wealth, that was obvious for all to see, the suit he
was wearing was worth at least four hundred, the house behind him a cool
million and the stunningly beautiful women beside him, priceless.

&nbsp;

Luther house
was an old asylum, big, foreboding and secure, it housed the rehabilitants wing
for the help of the criminally retarded; Jack and Frank Dobson sat on their
respective bunks watching the television, the man in the expensive suit was
reading from his bit of paper, Jack Dobson grabbed at the crotch of his
trousers, �She�s nice, very nice, good legs, nice trim little waist, good size
tits and pretty, oh yes very pretty, its amazing what money can buy you, yeah,
nice tits.�

&nbsp;

His brother
snorted, �Fuck like that would cost you, still looks like he�s got it,�

Jack
sniggered, �And he�s got her at night, nice, very nice tits.�

&nbsp;

Frank growled,
�Yeah, she looks at the world like we are all shit, fucking high class totty
that�s all she is, just needs a hard banging with a fucking big boner, he looks
like he ain�t got nothing special.�

&nbsp;

The man on the
television carried on, �I must protest at the way this whole thing has been
arranged, its obviously a political move by our government, my extradition is
completely false, my involvement with the U S firm was just on an advisory
level, I had know idea they were going to merge and that the profits would be
of such value.�

&nbsp;

He turned and
looked at the beauty beside him, she smiled, her face lit up, Frank snorted
again, �Fucking beauty, bet he don�t sleep for long, fuck me, I�d never have my
dick out of her, fucking gorgeous.�

&nbsp;

The television
droned on, his voice pompous and official, �I will go, I have no option, they
will keep me in jail, I have no fear and I will prove my innocence, I have no
doubt; my wonderful wife will be here she is brave and we will see this through
together and I ask the press to give her the privacy she requires to see this
terrible miscarriage of justice to a just and rightful end, now ladies and
gentlemen under instruction of my solicitors that is all I have to say, thank
you.�

&nbsp;

Jack laughed,
�Stupid dick he should pull the wool over their eyes, we could give him a few
lessons, a Frank, we got this lot believing we are good boys again, gona let us
out, because we found God, stupid fucks, swallow anything, they-----,� Frank
shut him up.

&nbsp;

Frank snapped
his fingers at the screen, �Their fucking house is close to here, I remember
seeing it when we was on an outing, fuck me, its less then three miles away,
sure,� his voice trailed off, �I remember.�

&nbsp;

The camera
panned back, showing them as they turned in to the house, she looked even more
delectable, the cream two-piece with a red scarf and matching high ankle
strapped red shoes, Frank snapped his fingers again, �That�s the place,� Jack
just kept looking at the screen, �Nice shoes, I like red shoes, nice shoes,
nice tits.�

&nbsp;

Frank snapped
his fingers again, �Yeah, high class totty, you know what they say, red shoes
no knickers, told you she don�t give a shit about common fuckers, bet she stood
there with her gash open and naked, in front of them people and millions on the
tele, laughing at us she were laughing at us common shit, fucking totty.�

&nbsp;

Jack�s eyes
never moved from the television, �Nice shoes, I like red shoes, nice tit�s�.

Frank grunted,
�Yeah I bet she got big nipples too, long and thick, the kind you chew on for
hours, yeah my guess is they are long and thick.�

&nbsp;

There were
footsteps, Frank heard them he shook Jack, �Get the bible, I�ll turn the tele
off, get on your bunk and read the crap, remember to recite what I told you and
look like a fucking innocent choir boy, you should know what they look like you
fucked those two kids in the arse and mouth plenty of times while we had them
as our friends.�

&nbsp;

Friday P M.

The soppy look
on the man in the grey suit made Frank think, �What a prat,� as he looked so
sincere at the dog-collared bespectacled man, smiling, nodding at the three
people as they asked questions of him and Jack, words like faith, respect for
you fellow man, values, regret, atonement, forgiveness; Jack and Frank had
practiced answers for hours, able to quote lines from the bible that
corresponded with all they needed to explain how they had changed their sinful
ways, they no longer needed friends they had God.

&nbsp;

Both men
walked back, heads bowed in servitude, thanking their guards for their kindness
before the door clanged shut, both men waited, the footsteps reseeded, Frank
punched the air, �Three fucking days, out in three fucking days, stupid cunts,
and you Jack, a master stroke, we don�t need drugs anymore, are bodies are
clean, are minds are pure, the lord shows us they way, fucking bril bruv and
now their letting us back in to society, us, fucking hell we did it.�

&nbsp;

Jack grinned,
�Gona be good, we been five years out of it, got to find us some where to live,
get some money, you told them we had things sorted, you better have.�

Frank grinned
back, �Oh we will, as you say we got to get some where and some money, I reckon
cousin Norm will help out, just short term and I hope he can get us something
to fuck, five years is long time, pumping my own cock thinking of those cute
kids we raped was no fun.�

&nbsp;

They sat on
their bunks, Frank smoked; Jack picked his nose as the television news brought
today�s developments up to date. Pictures of the man from yesterday made Jack
look, he was being taken away, the announcer spoke of the flight to America, a trail, �200,000 unaccounted for, but
all Jack saw was the attractive woman in red shoes.

&nbsp;

Monday P M.

At the
designated time the panel had agreed the huge wooden door rattled and closed.
The vicar stood shaking Frank and Jack�s hand, he offered a ride in to town,
but Frank bowed his head and told him, after their dreadful past a walk through
Gods landscape would be more humbling then a cheap ride.

&nbsp;

The vicar
blessed them both, reminded them they had to report to a police station once a
week and that God would protect them now they had found him and turned back to
the door, Frank winked at Jack as they turned and headed away from the place
that had incarcerated them for the past five years.

&nbsp;

Two hours
later the car pulled up outside the wrought iron security gates, the car door
opened and a shapely pair of ankles slipped out. The woman moved to the gate
and slotted a card into the black box, the gates swung open, she returned to
the car, with her back turned she didn�t notice the two men slip in, they
quickly dropped to the ground and rolled in to the undergrowth. They could see
those ankles move back to the car, the woman slipped back on to her seat before
she swung her shapely legs back in, Jack blinked as the red shoes disappeared
from view. 

&nbsp;

Jack watched
as the car drove up the short drive to the house, he stifled a giggle, �Great
idea, somewhere to stay, maybe pick up some left over grub,� he looked at
Frank, �You reckon there�s a shed were we can wait until Norm can sort things
out?�

Frank slowly
nodded, �Got to be, she wants quiet so do we, there will be an outhouse, place
this size must have.�

&nbsp;

They waited
about ten minutes before moving, all was silent, they skirted the house, it
looked all quiet, she was nowhere to be seen but upstairs a curtain was drawn,
a chink in the drapes showed there was a light on in that one room. 

&nbsp;

They found a
barn; side door didn�t fit properly so it was easy to force. 

The only noise
in the whole night was that of the horse in the stable opposite. The men had
smoked the last of the packet, drunk only water, Frank laughed when he said,
�Remember we said the first night out we would get pissed out of our sculls,
shit that one up didn�t we?�

&nbsp;

Jack made
himself as comfortable as he could, lay back and said,
�Then tomorrow should be a fucking site better, night bruv.�

Frank snorted,
�Yeah, what ever,� pulled his jacket over his shoulders and lay back on what
was left of an old cardboard box.

&nbsp;

Tuesday A M.

The sound of
feet on the cobbled stones forced Frank to open one eye, he looked at the shaft
of light coming through the door, crouched half way down was Jack, Frank
stirred, �What the fuck?�

&nbsp;

Jack turned
and whispered, �Shut the fuck up, its her.�

Frank shuffled
over to the crack and peered out just as this firm round bottom tightly clad in
riding jompers swung over in to a saddle; as the reins on the bridle pulled
tight the horse�s head swung to left, the words, �Come on girl lets ride,�
filled the small courtyard before the horse and rider were gone.

&nbsp;

The two men
straightened, Frank arched his back and stretched, �Fine piece of ass, that,�
Jack scratched his head, �You didn�t tell me you had rung Norm, did you?�

&nbsp;

Frank stopped
in mid yawn, �I told you I rung him from the joint, he�s getting things sorted,
I said I�d ring again, either today or tomorrow, don�t worry, he�ll sort, now
I�m hungry, lets go look for breakfast.�

&nbsp;

A life time on
the wrong side of the law made it easy to clip a window, she hadn�t activated
any alarms, Jack laughed, �Bloody stupid female, early morning ride, thinks no
ones about, stupid cunt,� he flicked the window back.

&nbsp;

Jack grinned
as he saw the window open and Frank slip through, �There�s only one early
morning ride she wants,� Frank held the window back for him, �You�re right
there bruv, but I want to eat something to fill the inner man, come on I�m
starving.�

&nbsp;

Both men
headed for the kitchen, it was a big house but the smell of left over toast
made it easy to home in on what they were looking for; soon they were gorging
on the contents of the fridge, Frank laughed, �Fucking great, bread, salmon and
chilled wine for breakfast, fucking great, beats the shit from last week.�

&nbsp;

Frank was in
to his second bottle of wine, �Yeah Jacky boy, this is great, Jack, Jack,� he
looked around; Jack was know-where to be seen.

&nbsp;

Frank jumped
up, �Where the fuck, Jack?� he rushed out in to the hall, then one room, then
another, it was as he pasted the stairs he thought, shoes, he ran up the big
staircase taking three steps at a time.

It didn�t take
rocket science to spot the huge master bedroom, the door was wide open, Frank
took a deep breath, the room smelt of pure opulence.
Jack was sat on the floor, the base of the huge wardrobe was open, shoes were
scattered all around him, the red ones in his hand. 

&nbsp;

Frank shook
his head, �Jack what the fuck are you doing up here?� Jack grinned at him, then
put the shoe under his nose, �Red shoes, I like red shoes.�

&nbsp;

�Yeah, yeah
and I like pants but you don�t see--,� he stopped as his grinning brother
nodded towards a very smart marble bathroom, �In the basket.�

&nbsp;

Frank smiled,
�Yeah but we ain�t got time for that,� Jack still grinned, �They smell real
sweet.�

Even as Frank
fought for an answer he was walking towards the door, Jack went back to
sniffing the shoes, Frank muttered, �Just a second, won�t take a second, five
years is a long time with out pussy, just a second,� he slid in to the
bathroom.

&nbsp;

He saw them
lying where Jack had left them, little, neat, palest peach and a little dark
stain in the crotch, Frank smile, �That ain�t hers that�s Jacks tongue, hope he
ain�t taken all the smell, he picked them up and put them to his nose, he
couldn�t help it, he whispered to himself, �Ain�t smelt something that good
before five years let alone during.�

&nbsp;

He looked in
the basket, his hand delved in and pulled out a matching bra, he held it up,
�Nice tits, must be a good size to fill these,� he mockingly squeezed at the
material, �Wonder how big her nips are?� he snorted, �And how tasty?�

&nbsp;

He was lost in
his thoughts when the sound of a horse�s nay brought him back to reality, �Shit
move, put them fucking shoes back, the kitchens a fucking mess, you sort out
here, I�ll go down, above all stay hidden,� he was out the door and running
down the stairs.

&nbsp;

She took time
sorting and stabling the horse, time for the brothers to straighten up. Frank
was just about to get Jack when she came in. She threw the riding crop on the table,
pulled her head band off, and aimed for the stairs, running up the stairs Frank
watched as she pushed her fingers in to her hair and tussled it loose, his eyes
dropped to her arse as it moved inside the tight riding breeches, he waited for
the scream.

&nbsp;

Nothing, after
about five minutes he ventured up the stairs, moving towards the bedroom,
nothing, her clothes were all over the big queen sized bed, where was Jack,
slowly he crept in, he could hear the shower.

&nbsp;

He looked
everywhere, under the bed, behind the door; he heard the shower stop, he was
panicking now, then the hairdryer, he went to the other rooms, nothing, where
the fuck was he, back in the bedroom, the huge closet door moved.

&nbsp;

Frank opened
the door, Jack stood amongst her clothes the red shoes clasped in his hands,
Frank snorted, �Get the fuck out of there you dumb fuck,� the hairdryer
stopped, �Shit get back,� Frank rammed him back and closed the door.

&nbsp;

Franks eyes
darted around, there was a long, wide, full length mirror in the corner of the
room, he leapt behind it just as the door opened, almost gagging on silencing
his breathing he dared a peek around the edge.

&nbsp;

She was in the
same pose, her fingers shaking her long auburn hair but this time her arse
swayed in a very different outfit; a black bra and panty set, and hold up
stocking, Frank almost chocked as she lent across the bed, with her firm round
arse in the air and her left leg out, Frank could see the indentation of a deep
long slit in the crotch of the pants, he bit his lips as she picked up a silk
ivory robe. With one sweep she swept it up around her shoulders, slid her arms
in to it and pulled the belt tight around her trim waist, it only came to just
above her knee, the pale ivory against the smoke dark stocking look unbelievable,
Frank swallowed hard.

&nbsp;

Before he
could do anything she moved to the wardrobe door, flinging it open she reached
for a dress, a shrill squeal filled the room as Jack grabbed her hand, �Take
the pretty shoe, I want to see you wearing them, take them,� she broke free and
staggered back.

&nbsp;

Frank had
moved, her three paces back and his three forward meant she slammed in to him,
years of practice at silencing people meant Frank had the advantage, one hand
across her mouth, the other closed off her nostrils and he bent forward,
forcing her head down, she sank under his weight, his knees locked either side
of her bent torso and he held her.

&nbsp;

If the bodies
not prepared for oxygen starvation it only takes seconds for it to switch off,
she was no exception, her futile struggles lasted no more then fifteen seconds
before Frank felt her go limp, he let go, a quick shake of her body and it
automatically started up again, her body may have but her brain would take
longer, long enough for Frank to move.

&nbsp;

In an instant,
Jack was out of the closet, Frank opened the other side, her husbands side, her
grabbed five belts, a handkerchief, then moved to her side for a scarf, he took
time for a small as he grabbed the red one he had seen on the television not
three days ago, mean-time Jack had slung her on the bed.

&nbsp;

Three turns of
a belt secured her ankles, two turns her thighs, four turns her wrists and
three turns her elbows, sliding the other belt under her one turn secured her
arms to her body, the handkerchief pushed between her soft lips and the scarf
wrapped around her head secured that in place, panting he stood back.

&nbsp;

Jack still had
the shoes in his hand, Frank rested his hand on his brother�s shoulder, both
men drank in the sight on the bed.

&nbsp;

She lay face
down, her hair held tight to her head by the scarf, one shoulder bare, her arms
pinned together and tightly to her body; those thighs squashed together, her
shapely calves pressed together, straps holding those neat ankles, Frank
chuckled, �Nice very nice, but I think a blindfold is missing.�

�

The closet
door opened as Frank picked another scarf, she stirred but not quick enough to
stop Frank from covering her eyes, he stayed, sat on the bed until he enjoyed
the panic in her movements.

&nbsp;

Frank enjoyed
pulling wings off butterflies, he whispered to her, �Hello totty, no point in
you fightin, we got you tied up real tight, you only goin where we say your
goin and right now you�re goin know-where but if you like you can struggle a
bit, your arse looks great wigglin about on the bed.�

&nbsp;

He looked over
at a smiling Jack, �You want her to put they shoes on, don�t you?� Jack nodded,
�In a bit then but first you go down and uncork some more of them fancy bottles
of wine, then you bring them up here, we could be up here for a while and we
may get thirsty.�

&nbsp;

The woman went
rigid as she felt Frank grab her wrist and lift them, his other hand lay on her
arse and squeezed, �My brother shouldn�t drink, he gets uncontrollable when he
drinks and he gets real randy,� she moaned.

&nbsp;

As Jack left
the room he carried on, �My you got a firm arse, all that horse riding, good
for the buttocks is it and from what I seen earlier you got great buttocks,�
his hand slid down her leg until it got to the hem of her robe.

&nbsp;

His fingers
curled around the hem and slowly drew the silky material up the back of her
thighs, Oh yes, you got great everything, its been a long time since I were
near nice legs like these,� she moaned as she felt the hem pass her stocking
tops, the air on the back of her naked thighs made her shudder, �The last time
we had legs like these they was tied too.�

&nbsp;

The woman
squealed louder, Frank snorted, �Things don�t change, she squealed a lot, she
was always squealin, she was pretty but not as pretty as you, I like it when
they squeal, she squealed for most of the days we kept her as our friend.�

&nbsp;

She was really
moaning now; Frank just kept humming and running his fingers over the naked
flesh at the back of her thighs; not going down to the stocking tops nor going
up to her pants, just running his finger in a figure of eight first over one
thigh then the other.

&nbsp;

Jack could be
heard coming back up the stairs; Frank snorted again, �Good, some drink, now
the party can begin.�

&nbsp;

Jack barged
through the door, the bottles clanked together, �Here you are,
I finished your bottle, here�s two fresh ones,� he rushed up to the bed, �I see
you have been entertaining the lady, she�s nice, can I put the shoes on her
now?�

&nbsp;

Frank took the
bottle and nodded. She squealed and struggled as jack put one on then the second,
gently buckling them around her ankle, �Pretty, very pretty, I like red shoes.�

&nbsp;

Frank wiped
the back of his hand across his mouth, �Sure is pretty bruv, want to see her
stood in them?� Jack giggled as he excitedly nodded. Frank put the bottle down, grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the edge of the
bed. 

&nbsp;

As soon as he
got her in to that position he grabbed her ankles and pulled her down, off the
bed, then with his strength he grabbed her shoulders and lifted her in to
standing in front of the bed, then his arms around her he turned her to face
the long mirror.

&nbsp;

Frank and Jack
stood either side of her and stared at their own reflection in the mirror. Both men�s eyes went to the red shoes, Jack just looked at
them but Franks eyes travelled slowly up.

&nbsp;

Slowly up,
past the belt that held her ankles, the brown of the belt mixing with the red
of the ankle straps, up the nylon clad firm calf muscles, over her knees, the
robe had parted, he could see the tight strapping of the next belt tight across
her thighs, the top of the stocking pattern just visible, the white of her
thighs and then just a hint on the crotch of the black panties before the ivory
robe held to her waist.

&nbsp;

Up to the
swell of her breasts, one cup of the bra fully visible, the robe completely off
and hanging around the belt on her elbows the other on her shoulder, moving as
she trembled between them.

&nbsp;

Frank breathed
slowly out, �Nice, very nice, from the nice shoes to the nice tits, Bruv was right, you�re very nice,� he turned his head and whispered
in her ear, �Will you be our friend?�

&nbsp;

Frank put his
hand on her naked shoulder, she shuddered as his head moved closer to her,
several muffled grunts came from behind the gag, as he started to lick her
face, �mmmm you taste nice too, your bath perfume smells good,� she could smell
his foul breath as his tongue worked towards her nose, �Do you smell good all
over?�

&nbsp;

Suddenly Jack
spoke, he was watching them through the mirror, �I bet she does, I smelt them
red shoes and her panties, they smelt good, you said they smelt good, I think
we should have a little game with our friend.�

Her head shook
but she was in a hopeless position, Frank sniggered, �I bet I knew what sort of
game you got in mind,� Jack laughed, �And I�d bet you�d be right.�

&nbsp;

Frank licked
her again, �This is a great game but we got to get some tape first, get you all
looking pretty,� she jumped as he snapped, �Pretty enough to fuck.�

&nbsp;

Her head shook
violently as jack said, �I�ll go look bruv, I get some more stuff, we gona keep
her real quite while we make sure she plays,� he was out the door and gone.

&nbsp;

As they heard
him going down the stairs, Frank put his arm around the terrified woman, �We
like to play with our friends; we know we shouldn�t but are new friend God
seems to be out today, so you will have to do.�

&nbsp;

She tried to
move, wiggling in fear of her life, Frank slapped her arse, �Oh come on, don�t
be a spoil sport, your husbands gone away for a while, maybe a long while, we
just need some funnin, a good lookin woman like you going to waste, don�t seem
right,� with one heave he picked her up and threw her back on the bed, �Don�t
seem right you ain�t laid on a bed,� he snorted as he pulled off his jacket,
�Getting laid.�

&nbsp;

He dragged her
to the middle of the bed, holding her still with one hand he straddled her
chest pinning her to the bed, she shook her head, muffled moans filled the
room, Frank watched the pretty woman�s struggle as he unbuttoned his shirt,
took it off and threw it to the floor, he picked up her discarded panties. 

&nbsp;

Holding them
above her head he let them drop over her face, not knowing what was happening
she stopped moving, Frank giggled, �My bruv told you we had a smell of your
pants, that�s what you got lady, your sweaty panties, fresh from all that
ridin, smell good don�t they, all hot and horny, still wet are they, you cum
when you go ridin, you like somethin big between them fine shapely thighs of
yours, somethin you can bounce on, how about me and my bruver spend a few days
with you findin out?�

&nbsp;

He was rubbing
her soiled panties all over her nose as Jack came in, he held his hands out,
Frank grinned, two long and three short coils of rope from the stable, and
three full rolls of silver duck tape, Frank nodded his approval, �Well done
bruv, all the things we need to keep this lady in a co-operative and helpless
state, bring em over here.�

&nbsp;

Jack grunted,
�Just like we like to have all our friends.�

Frank rubbed
the panties over her nose, �like the smell, hot and horny, that�s how they
taste, now your gona do as your told, or we hurt you,� he slapped her hard,
once, twice and a third, �You see saying one thing and lettin you know we mean
it is important to you, now this gag is coming off, don�t speak, every word
gets a slap, so keep silent, there will be time for squealing later.�

&nbsp;

Jack grabbed
her hair and pulled her head up, Frank untied the scarf and pulled it off, then
he pushed his fingers in to her mouth and dragged out the clean handkerchief,
she coughed but that was soon silenced by her pants, rammed in her mouth, first
one strip of tape sealed across her lips then another two making a cross over
the first piece then a forth made sure her mouth was completely sealed.

&nbsp;

�Close your
eyes, best you don�t see us and it will fuckin hurt if
a seal them open,� the blindfold became two square pieces of tape. Pleased with
his work Frank got off her, then they dragged her up in to the middle of the
bed, her curly hair splade over the pillow, Frank and Jack took their clothes
off before scrambling on to the bed and lying each side of the helpless woman. 

&nbsp;

Frank started
caressing her shoulder, slowly pulling the robe further down her bound arms,
Jack giggled as he copied him. Frank moved to her waist dragging the silk
material sideways under the tight belt, Jack copied him until her bra showed
black and lacy against her fine pale skin.

&nbsp;

Frank�s smile
never left his face as his hand moved to her thigh, his fingers gathering the
silk as he pulled it away from her crotch. Jack moved down stopping to stick
his finger in to her navel, her chest heaved as she tried to control her fear
as Jack moved down to copy his brother, totally unveiling the most sensual
parts of the beautiful body to their gaze.

&nbsp;

Frank crooked
his elbow and rested his head on the palm of his hand as he looked up and down
his helpless captive; Jack did the same, starting again from the red shoes on
her dainty feet. With the belts holding her completely immobile, all she could
do was flinch as she felt the touch of Frank�s hand starting to stroke her
hair.

&nbsp;

Frank talked
in a menacing whisper, �She�s got lovely brown curly hair,� then he sniggered
as if he knew the reply, Jack obliged, �I wonder if it�s all curly?�

Franks laugh
got louder, �You mean short and curly?�

&nbsp;

Both men were
now giggling, jack nearly chocked when he said,� �Oh yes I like short and curly brown
hair, I like it when it gets up my nose,� Frank tugged at the woman�s hair,
�Hear that lady, he likes sniffing shoes, pants and now the thing that goes in
them, boy are you in for a good time, you�ll be glad we picked you for our
friend.�

&nbsp;

She shook her
head; the noise from her mouth was almost non-existent, Frank tapped her nose,
she froze, �There, there, you must have known what we are going to do, yes, no,
well let me explain,� Frank let his hand drop to her bra, he squeezed her plump
breast,� �You see we have been away for a
while, and we�ve been lonely, understand?� the woman lay still, Jack grabbed
her other breast and squeezed, she squirmed, �We will settle for a nod,�
sniffling she slowly nodded her head.

&nbsp;

Franks voice
changed there was now a malicious evil tone etched in to every word, �When your
lonely you have to think of what you would like to do, you have to watch
television to see women and girls, read papers and hope for a pretty topless
shag piece, and when you find them you just have to get your fat, hard throbin
cock out and you pump it, you understand?�

&nbsp;

Again she
slowly nodded, �There your beginning to catch on, now where was I, oh yes
pretty women, so there we were watching television,� Frank and Jack were now
needing and squeezing her breast�s, Franks voice was low, menacing, the woman
moaned as she felt them push their hips forward, their fat hard cocks sticky
with pre-juice touching the naked skin between her stockings and panties.

&nbsp;

�When there
you were, all prettied up, that nice outfit showing your fine body off to the
world, pretty scarf around that slender neck, your big tits sticking out,� he
giggled in her ear, �You�ll never fall flat on your face, not with these,� he
squeezed hard on her tender mound, �Trim little waist, no kids yet?�

&nbsp;

Jack mauled
her breast, �Not yet, but that may not be long,� his snigger was childish.

Frank giggled
again, �And that cute round bum, looked real good in that skirt, pity it
weren�t shorter, would like to have wanked over a bit more leg and then them
shoes, my brother loves shoes especially red ones.�

&nbsp;

Jack echoed,
�Nice red shoes.�

Franks hand
slid to her naval, �Oh they really turned him on, in-fact you turned us both
on, bet you didn�t know that while you were standing there with that dickhead
of a husband you had two admires, jerking their meat, thinking of what you
looked like without all them fancy clothes and here we are about to find out
what are new friend really does look like,� he moved closer to her ear,
�Naked.�

&nbsp;

Jack squeezed
her breast, �How long before we see Cous?� Franks
fingers were now toying with the elastic on the waistband of her panties, �Oh I
will use our friend phone to call him in the morning, lets
not spoil today with the thoughts of leaving here, not now we have our friend
to play with.�

&nbsp;

Every thing
the woman heard scared her, she moaned, she could feel Franks fingers now
skirting the top of her curly pubic hair, �Feels short and curly to me, is that
right lady, you let it grow wild, not even a little bikini line trim, old man
not in to shaved cunts,� his filthy talk made her moan, he laughed, �What�s the
matter lady, you getting excited, all this talk of cunts and having your tits
played with, you just wait until my brother has a look at where I got my
fingers.

&nbsp;

Frank tugged
at the brown curly hair, pulling until she squealed, �That�s it love you enjoy
it, he will, myself I like it bald, we may have to have the best of both worlds
before we are finished with you.�

&nbsp;

Her muffled cry
was long as she tried to move, he tried to stretch, anything to loosen her
binding, Frank snorted again, �No point in you fightin it, you ain�t goin
nowhere until we finished being friends and that could be a while yet.�

&nbsp;

She tried to
bring her knees up but the belt bit in to her thighs and Frank let his fingers
drop to the hood of her slit, with a loud muffled squeal she dropped her knees
fast, Jack laughed at her pathetic attempts, Frank tugged her cunt hair again,
�You better get used to us bein around, we are gona be here a while, have to be
with what we got planned for you my friend.�

&nbsp;

Jack curled
his hand around the bra cup letting the back of his fingers rub against the
nipple, he let his fingers open and close trapping the nipple between them, �Thick,
they are long and thick, you was right, you guessed they would be, you was right.�

&nbsp;

Frank was now
rubbing himself on her naked thigh, his hand tickling around her curly bush,
his fingers darting down to her slit, �Seems like you got all the right things
in all the right place�s, hot totty, your dickhead of a husband have to rob the
bank to keep you, keep you all to himself, scared you�d run off and get your
fuckin else where, what is it, big money, small dick, well it suit�s us, we
like a tight cunt.�

&nbsp;

The panic was
building in her now, sobs and grunts in between a short panting of breath all
seem to emanate from her nose, Frank was loving it, this is how he worked,
�What�s the matter totty, don�t want to play, don�t want to be our friend, we
are supposed to have a friend in this God chap, he says he who believes in me
has a happy and fulfilled life, well I bet you�re gona make me happy and you
sure are gona by filled.�

&nbsp;

Jack took his
hand away, �If we are gona be filling had better get a piss, reckon my boner
gona be busy for the rest of the day.�

Frank watched
his brother�s naked arse as it disappeared in to the bathroom, he turned back
to her, his mouth close to her ear again, �Gona have some fun with you, you�re
our bit of totty now, and will be all day and all night until we�re done, you
may have guessed what we are gona do to you but just in case there�s any doubt,
five years is a long time, a long time thinking about totty and now we got one,
and you�re alone and helpless, so just listen to this.�

&nbsp;

He pushed to
fingers in to the top of her slit and then spread them opening the folds with
them, �Feels like a nice cunt, well this nice cunt of yours is going to be kept
very busy, very busy indeed.�

&nbsp;

Even though
her legs were trapped shut Frank could still wiggle his finger in to her slit,
he licked the side of her face, he felt her shudder, he was loving his torment,
�Enjoy having your legs closed because, my pretty, very soon there going to be
open and staying open while we fuck you, not just the once but over and over
again, we both got five years of fucking to use up, and it may take us a couple
of days to do it.�

&nbsp;

Her panting
became frantic; her head shook, Frank was in his element as his fingers pushed
between her cunt lips, �You listen then, yeah you�re listen all right, listen
to how we�ll be fuckin you,� his finger was now really between the trapped
thighs.

&nbsp;

�Me and my
bruver gona open your long legs nice and wide so we can fuck your cunt real
deep a few times, then we are gona bend you over and hump you from behind, give
you a real shagging, doggy style, then we will tie you so its easy to fuck that
tight ass you got, bet you never had a cock up your ass, bet you never knew it
was for fuckin which means you ain�t never been sandwiched, fucked in your cunt
and ass at the same time, don�t that sound like fun?

&nbsp;

�These tits
looked big enough to fuck off between and as for that cute mouth, when I seen
you on the T V I thought my cock would look great between your lips, well me
and him are gona find out just how great by rammin our cocks down your throat
again and again.�

&nbsp;

She was
sobbing as Frank tickled between her legs, �We will need to stay real hard for
a hot totty like you so in between fucking you, you got a nice big barn
downstairs and that�s where we will be takin you, you wana know why, because
its got real strong beams, strong enough to tie you high so we can do a bit of
spanking of that cute ass and that�s turns us on so maybe a swing fuck or two
with that cute ass before we have you back up here.�

&nbsp;

He pulled his
hand out of her pants and sniffed his fingers, �Smells nice but you ain�t wet,
we are going to have to change all that, after you�ve visited the barn once you
won�t want to go back, its like the slapping you had earlier, if you know what
pain is you will do as you are told and I can�t wait to have you tied up and
obedient, believe me you will do the most disgusting things to me and my
bruver, trust me, I know.�

&nbsp;

Frank licked
her face like some mad dog, giggling at her, Jack came back just as Frank
rammed his hand back down in to her pants, �Hello God, thank you for this, you
stupid cunt but what an excuse, they really bought all that religious crap and
now this little lady gets to get the fucking of her life, listen God we are
really going to enjoy fucking her, you wana watch?�

&nbsp;

Jack danced
around the bottom of the bed, his long, fat, semi erect cock waggled around
like a crazed trunk, �We�re gona fuck you, we�re gona fuck you, your cunt,
mouth and asshole, we�re gona fuck them all.�

&nbsp;

Franks hand
was rubbing her cunt furiously, �Hear him, he gets like that,� he giggled, �And
when he�s like that he can fuck you for days, and if he ain�t fuckin you he�ll
have your legs wide open attacking your cunt with his mouth, you lucky girl.� 

&nbsp;

Jack was still
hopping around, �Come on bruv lets fuck her, get those panties off, lets tie
her legs real wide, I like it when our friends have their legs tied open, lets
me fuck em good, gives me a lot of room.�

&nbsp;

Frank could
feel her moving under his searching hand, her moans told of her fear and he
loved it, � Hear that lady, shall I let him fuck you, shall we have these
panties off and your legs tied real wide, why not, what you gona do to stop us,
nothing, you can�t stop us shagging you, not now not later so we may as well
start fucking your cunt now, I really want to see you take my bruvers big cock,
I bet you ain�t never had anything that big between your legs and when he�s
finished fucking you I get to shag you, thank you God for this long day of
shagging, hope your up there to watch us both fuck this bitch, come on bruv,
lets get started on her, pass the rope.�

&nbsp;

The woman felt
Frank move, she immediately started to struggle, but all she could do was rock
from side to side. She groaned as she heard the voices, �Pass the rope under
the bed,� �Yeah I got it,� �You unbuckle her legs, I�ll get scissors to cut the
rest of her clothes off,� �You gona let me fuck her first?� �Yeah, yeah of
course, that�s what brothers are for, but I get the first blow-job, don�t reckon
she used her mouth much,� �You�ll teach her all about throat fuckin, I remember
the last one, got the scissors?�

&nbsp;

She squealed
as she felt fingers on her legs, hands pulling the belts off her thighs, then
her ankles, she tried to escape but each ankle was held by different hands,
then Frank giggled, �Make a wish,� and she felt her legs stretched open. Wider
and wider, she grunted with pain until ropes held them wide, she heard Jack,
�Mind the shoes, I like red shoes,� Frank laughed, �Yeah and I like the sound
of these,� the sound of scissors opening and closing close to her neck stopped
her movement. 

&nbsp;

She felt the
cold steel of the scissors on her left shoulder, a silly voice giggled, �One,�
her bra strap was cut, the steel moved to the other shoulder, �Two,� that strap
was cut, then she felt the cold edge go between her breasts and slice through
the thin joining material, �Three and out they pop just for me.�

&nbsp;

Her full
breasts pushed out from the torn cups, �Oh yes, as we said, nice tits, and
suckable big nipples,� he got hold of one and squeezed it, her body arched in
pain, �Oh yes don�t you worry yourself little totty we are going to play with
these for hours.�

&nbsp;

The cutting
continued as he slit the silk robe in to piece�s dragging the strands of
material from under the belt until she heard, �And now we get rid of the
panties,� she jumped as he spoke close to her ear, �Then you�ll be good and
ready for a long, hard fuck-a-thon.�

&nbsp;

The moan was
long as her panties were snipped away from her body; she lay there, her long
wavy brown hair tussled around the pretty face spoilt only by the silver duck
tape, her arms bound tightly to her body, her large breasts round and firm with
the long thick pink nipples pointing up at five to one. Her long slender nylon
covered legs looked grotesque held wide with the red shoes pointing either side
of the bed, her cunt, though neat still gapped open, the brown short triangle
of hair didn�t do anything to cover the beautifully formed hood that crowned
the pink flesh, as both men stared at their pinned butterfly they drooled,
saliva dribbled down their chins. 

&nbsp;

Franks voice
was a low rasp, �God look at them tits, unbelievable, she so slim, but they
look fantastic, we�re gona fuck off between them, bet the wobble great when she
being fucked, you want me to make her wet so we can find out?� Jack giggled
like a child, �Yeah, yeah suck her cunt, you give it a good lickin so I can
give it a good fuckin,� Franks laugh was evil, �My pleasure.�

&nbsp;

Jack watched
his brother crawl back on the bed, his semi-erect cock swung between his legs
as he bent towards her ankle. With her legs tied really wide the underside of
her legs made an easy target for Franks tongue. Slowly he licked at her calf
muscle then behind her knee, her head rolled, low
sobbing moans accompanied the slurping noises Frank deliberately made as he
worked further up the back of her thighs.

&nbsp;

He started
kissing her flesh as well as licking he couldn�t help but laugh as he spoke to
Jack, �I smell something, its getting better as it gets closer, it smells like
sweet cunt, wet cunt and a soon to be sore, well fucked cunt,� to a shrill
muffled squeal he planted a wet kiss on to the gapping slit.

&nbsp;

With long
loud, �MMMMMMMMMM�, sounds he slavered, licked, kissed and tongued at the long
slit, he giggled as her arse squirmed to his licking, both of them knew she
couldn�t move but he was enjoying the futility of her efforts. He blew in to
her, pushing his mouth all over her cunt and blowing, making silly noise�s as
the trapped air escaped past his cheeks, then again and again shaking his head
as he blew.

&nbsp;

His face was
wet from his own saliva as he turned to Jack, �That�s my blow job can�t wait
for her to return the favour.� Jack laughed, �What for as long as that?� Franks
giggled, �No for every second I have my tongue up her slit she�ll have my cock
fucking her mouth for an hour.� Then he turned back, looking at her he gloated,
�You�ll like that won�t you totty, me shoving my cock in your pretty mouth for
hours,� he bent and started again, his mouth on her cunt, his hands travelling
up her body as he blindly went in search of her tits. 

&nbsp;

His hands
clawed over the fine firm mounds, squeezing hard until moans echoed around the
room. He slurped and slavered all over her cunt, interjecting words, �MMMM
tasty cunt,� �MMMMM better get as much of this before cream pie,� �MMMMM tastes
like------,� the phone rang, she started to moan and struggle, though he soon
stopped her movement with more hard squeeze�s of her tits, the answer phone cut
in, �Your call will not be taken, please leave a message,� a young excited
voice suddenly started, �Hello Mrs Falconer yes I know your not taking calls
but its Justin from the local Evening News, I thought you would like to know
that the American court has decided your husband is a flight risk and is
therefore keeping him in jail, I believe you will be informed pending his next
hearing, we wish you well in this lonely time, thank you,� the line went dead.

&nbsp;

Frank blew
into her cunt again, �No Justin, Mrs Falconer is not lonely, she has company,
two hard dicks that are going to get to know her well,� he licked slowly up her
body, both men giggled as they made out sobbing noises from behind the gag,
Frank lay across her, he licked her face moving around to her ear.

&nbsp;

His whispered
voice full of menace, �Hear that Mrs Totty Falconer, hubby�s not coming home
yet, your all ours, no-one will be here to stop us fucking you, we are going to
have your holes for hours maybe days, do you like the idea of that? You have a
big house, room up on room to shag you in, your all ours, we will be friends,
you and us and you will look after our every need, with your cunt, your arse,
your mouth, your hands, your tits, you will feed us food as well as your tasty
cunt, I�m really gona enjoy getting to know you intimately but first of all my
brother needs to shag you, I hope your ready for this,� he turned at looked at
Jack standing at the bottom of the bed, his huge fat cock standing rigid, he
turned back, �And from where I am, I can see he is,� he rolled off her, �Go on
bruv give her one.�

&nbsp;

Like a wild
animal Jack scooted on to the bed, no foreplay, he just got between her spread
legs and started shoving, her muffled squeals meant nothing she was helpless,
she could do nothing to save herself as inch by inch the huge length of male
meat opened her up.� 

&nbsp;

The uumph,
uumph, noises were forced through her nose as Jack hammered in to her, his arse
drove up and back as he jabbed his huge cock all the way up her, he grunted to
Frank what a tight cunt she had and how she was a great shag, Frank watched his
brothers brutal rape of the defenceless woman, tormenting her as he called
back, �Enjoy it while you can, her cunt won�t be so tight when we�ve finished
fucking it and neither will her ass-hole, gona fuck this bitch for hours and
then some more.� 

�

The woman
grunted and umphed as she was viciously fucked, Jack just kept going, Frank
watched for a while, he called, �Leave some for me,� as he went down the
stairs.

&nbsp;

He checked out
the house, then, finding the car keys moved the big 4X4 out of sight. He took
time to make sure the place looked empty, smiling to himself as he moved her
jacket from view, �Don�t need any unwelcome visitors to spoil our fun,� his
eyes fell on the riding crop, he soon found other things in the stable, other
things to make his unwilling victim, willing, he fed and watered the horse,
checked his handy work and returned to the bedroom.

&nbsp;

Jack was still
hammering in to her, Frank laughed, �Are you dumping your second or third load
up her?� Jack stopped chewing her nipples, �Third, she�s so fucking tight her
cunt sucking it out of me, my old cock won�t go down,� he immediately went back
to sucking her nipples, Frank made sure the woman heard him, �Pity she didn�t
know, hay Mrs Totty I�ve seen him jerk off seven times with out stopping and
boy does he love tits, could never get enough of his mothers milk.�

&nbsp;

Jack hammered
his cock into the helpless woman continually; Frank waited until her heard Jack
grunt and moan as he filled her again. He lay there, Frank saw his hips moving,
�Come on bruv, get off, let me have a few goes at her, then we will try a few
more positions, I just want to get rid of a few loads so as fucking her arse
will be a long and enjoyable experience, well at least for me,� Jack muttered
as he pulled his cock out of her and moved away.

&nbsp;

She was still
panting from her last exertion as Frank climbed between her legs; he lined his
cock up to her sore, abused hole and slowly started to push in. Gloating down
at her he goaded her, �We was only gona rob you but being as you were here we
thought why not shag her for a few days, bet when you was riding that fucking
horse this morning you didn�t think that you�d end up be fuckin ridin for hours
on end, did you?�

&nbsp;

Frank pushed
in her, �Very good, still tight after a few, your old man not got a lot, not
much tackle, I see we�re gona have to work on you, see if you appreciate what a
good fuckin and cumin means, lets start now.�

&nbsp;

Frank started
on her, he was the same as Jack, hammering at her, grunting as he ploughed in
to her delicate body, enjoying the sounds he forced from her, degrading her,
�Come on Mrs fucking Falconer, fuck me back, you know your loving it, legs wide
enough, getting it all are we, nice to have something big and hard up this cunt
of yours, go on take it and get used to it because if we ain�t up this hole we
will be in another, go on take it all,� he rammed as hard as he could, even
tied the way she was, her body moved to his poundings. 

&nbsp;

He came, with
out stopping he carried on, cuming a further twice before laying on top of her
sucking her tits and breathing heavily, �Enjoy that, given me an appetite, I
fancy some food, tell you what Mrs Totty lets go have lunch.�

&nbsp;

They untied
her legs and dragged her up again, they had abused her so much that she
couldn�t stand, Jack held her as Frank took the belt off her wrists and retied
them with rope, then did the same with her elbows, never once undoing the big
belt that encircled her, trapping her arms to her body. Still in her red shoes
they moved her, fondling her arse, cunt and tits as they led the helpless woman
out of the bedroom towards and down the stairs.

&nbsp;

Each step down
the long ornate staircase was a chance to add more fear, sometimes a little
push, then a finger invaded her arse or cunt, nipples were pulled and all the
time Franks voice goaded her, �Enjoying your shagging Totty, like a couple of
nice big cocks up this posh cunt of yours, your arse-hole feels real tight you
gona straggle my cock with it.� 

&nbsp;

The terrified
woman squealed to their touch, �Got something nice to eat, gona eat it out your
cunt, gona lay you on that big table and stuff our lunch up your cunt and eat
you, hope you got thick cream for our mouths because we got thick cream for
yours, you hungry?�

&nbsp;

Frank was
first down the stairs his eyes wild with lust. As she put her foot on the floor
he drove his fingers up her cunt and held on, she squirmed and squealed but he
just started pulling, he dragged her towards the kitchen, �Before we eat we
need entertainment, your gona dance and when you�ve finished, I have a feeling
you will do what ever we want, come on bruv lets have some real fun with this
cute totty.�

&nbsp;

Monday P M.

The woman lay
spread eagle on the big kitchen, her ankles tied to the bottom two legs, her
arms still strapped painfully behind her back, the base of her tits, her
thighs, her buttocks and her cunt were covered in red blotches, the two riding
crops lay on the floor where the men had dropped them. 

&nbsp;

The rooted
through the large fridge, Jack giggled as he jabbered on to his brother,
�Didn�t she dance, specially when we slapped her tits, her couldn�t see, just
kept jumpin and wigglin while we spanked her, I loved slappin them tits, did I
do right, kept her moving so you could slap her cunt, makes it sore for when we
fuck her next, are we gona fuck her again soon?�

&nbsp;

Frank picked
up the tub of thick organic yoghurt, smiling as he remembered the last hour�s
fun. Both of them had nice whippy ridding crops, they had chased the terrified,
bound, gagged and blind folded woman around the kitchen, as she moved one way
she offered a nice exposed target, either her arse or cunt or tits, to escape
the stinging slaps she would turn offering the other pervert his chance to
inflict pain. They had sting her in to submission, she had knelt before both of
them and nodded in servitude she would let them do what ever they liked, she
would obey with out question and most of all she would be their friend. 

&nbsp;

Frank turned
and stared at the helpless beauty, her legs tied wide open, the red shoes still
showing off the nylon covered shapely legs; with a stupid smirk on his face he
walked back to the table, �There, there how�s our new friend, still a little
sore, time for her friends to make her better,� he scooped a handful of the
creamy yoghurt from the tub and slapped it down between her open legs, she
jumped then he splat more on her tits until he let the last drops drizzle down
all over her stomach, he looked at Jack, �Lunch is served.�

&nbsp;

Both men slurp
and giggled as they licked and sucked the creamy substance from her body, Jack
slavering all over her tits and nipples while Franks face was buried between
her legs, Frank was the worst, he had a banana and rammed it up her before
chewing on it, laughing hysterically as he shouted, �Complements to the
chef.�� 

&nbsp;

They both
stood, wiping their faces and grinning, Frank nudged Jack and shouted, �Hey
totty, you gona eat?� she moaned but knowing what would happen if she didn�t do
as she was told, she nodded, Frank laughed, �Good girl and I know you�ll
swallow, come bruv, lets take her again.�

&nbsp;

Her feet were
released and the retied her at the knees; dragging her from the table until she
stood trembling before them, she moaned as she felt the first strip of tape
pulled from her face, then the second, third and forth, �Open your mouth, lets
have those panties out and that�s the only thing coming out of your mouth, the
next thing is cuming in your mouth, on your knees totty and give the best head
you have ever given or we will make the last slapping like a picnic compared to
what we can do to you.�

&nbsp;

The woman�s
head moved around, her mouth open, searching for the foul meat she had to suck,
Frank grinned at her pathetic attempt, �You every given head, you know what
giving a fucking blow job is?� her head shook and nodded, her mouth stayed
open, �Frank snapped, �Is that no for head and yes you know what I fucking
mean?� she nodded.

&nbsp;

Frank grabbed
her hair, �I�ll give you a little advice, my cock hairs go up your fucking nose
while my cock goes down your throat,� he giggled at Jack, �This is gona be a
fucking good learning curve for Mrs fucking totty here,� he shook her head,
�Suck bitch, use your tongue on it and swallow every fucking drop, then you get
my bruvers cock in your mouth, who�s a lucky girl, now suck.�

It was obvious
the woman hadn�t done anything like this before; she must have thought it was
going to be easy as she attentively took the tip in to her mouth. Frank grabbed
the woman�s head and pushed, pushing until he felt it sink in to her throat,
unable to breath she immediately panicked, Frank pulled back, �There, that�s
how far it goes, as we say in the raping trade, all the fucking way, now you
better learn fucking quick or I�m gona be fucking the throat of a fucking
corpse, suck.�

&nbsp;

Fear has its
own master, she rammed her face forward, gagging and choking, trying to breath in precious air as she pulled back then rammed
herself forward, forcing the rigid long meat in to her gullet.

�

Tears lay
trapped behind the tape as she worked on his cock, her brain told her the faster she worked the faster it would be over, her
reward to do it all over again to the other perverted invader.

&nbsp;

The woman was
terrified but intelligent, she sucked him to the back of her throat then spent
as much time as she dared catching her breath while licking and tickling his
cock head before working on it again, her intelligence left her wide open to
humiliating ridicule and a new unspeakable fear.

&nbsp;

It was Frank
who caused that fear, �If she ain�t sucked cock before then she�s a fucking
natural or maybe its just she likes a fat piece of meat in her mouth, good
cock-suckers are worth their weight in gold,

Reckon we
should take her with us, keep her for a while, reckon she could suck half the
county, make a small fortune with this little fuck totty, what you reckon bruv,
shall we keep her?�

&nbsp;

Jack was knelt
beside her, his hands fondling her breasts, pulling at the nipple as he rolled
it between his fingers, his other hand stroked and caressed her arse,
occasionally slipping between bound legs to tickle her cunt, he giggled, �Yeah,
she�d make a nice friend to play with, could she stay in my bed, we could play
fucking all night.�

&nbsp;

Frank went to
answer but felt his cock about to burst, shoving hard in to her throat he held
her still while more of his filth entered the helpless woman�s body, breathing
hard through her nose she was forced to allow the juice to slide in to her
stomach, eventuality he pulled out, she fell side ways coughing and choking on
the last bits of juice still in her throat.

&nbsp;

Frank just
turned to Jack, �Give her a second or two then you have some mouth, she�s good
but needs a lot more mouth fucking to get it right,� as he turned back to the
fridge he sniggered, �And we will oblige.�

&nbsp;

Jack bent and
dragged up the chocking woman, Frank looked back, �That�s it bruv, fuck her
mouth for a while, I�ll ring him, arrange transport, but not until tomorrow,
I�m gona have a lot more fun with our hot totty�s holes for at least another
day.�

&nbsp;

When Frank
returned Jack was sat on the table, he had turned the woman who was now
kneeling between his legs licking and kissing his wet, sticky, cum covered
cock, �She sucked good, she really got it down her throat, can we keep her, a,
can we?� She couldn�t help but groan, Frank ignored it, �Duno bruv, maybe,
tomorrow should be okay, he�s coming but he�s not got a motor, so some-ones
dropping him here while they go and do a job close by, then he�ll come back and
pick us all up, he�ll take us to the safe house, maybe he will have a boot big
enough for her or maybe by the way my cock feels right now we�ll just fuck her
to death tonight, who knows?�

&nbsp;

Frank and Jack
didn�t know the meaning of the word mercy and that night was no exception.
Frank grabbed her hair and dragged her up away from his brothers cock, moving
him he bent her over the table, the only lubricant was two mouthfuls of saliva
as he ploughed his cock up her virgin arse, she grunted and moaned, bit her lip
as each thrust drove deeper, she knew this evil man just wanted one excuse to
hurt her and speaking had already been threatened with a thrashing.

&nbsp;

Frank
pummelled her, each thrust forcing groans from the defenceless woman, Franks
face flushed with excitement he revelled in it, �God, this woman�s got the
greatest arse your ever invented, tops for fucking and boy are we gona fuck it,
you listen God, not just once but over and over again for hours are we gona
fuck this high class totty, and you dropped her right in to our fucking lap or
should I say on the end of our fuckin cocks, thanks mate we will use her for
what she was created for, hard relentless shagging.�

&nbsp;

Harder and
harder Frank banged in to her, �Hear that Mrs fucking totty, we are gona fuck
you all night, we are gona have non stop fun with your gorgeous body, if we
ain�t doin this to your body,� he thrust his cock up her arse to the hilt, �I�m
gona be spanking it, five years we�ve waited for a body to fuck, five years of
learning the fucking bible just to get out and fuck something real nice, well
guess what, you�re real nice.�

&nbsp;

To her groans
he shot his load up her arse, ramming hard to empty his balls, he moved back,
�God that was some fuck, here bruv give her arse a shag, I�ve got things to do,
I�ll catch you later,� he slapped her cheeks, �Just stay bent over, my bruv
wants to sample your cute arse and wiggle it, I�ll be back soon and I don�t
want to hear you ain�t been shaking that arse or you won�t want to see me back,
here you go bruv, she�s all yours, enjoy her.�

&nbsp;

As Frank put
on his trousers he watched Jack ramming his cock up the woman�s abused hole,
giving his brothers arse a playful slap he went out the back door towards the
stable.

&nbsp;

It took Frank
about forty minutes to sort his ideas out in the stable, evening was drawing in
as he walked back across the courtyard, black clouds filled the sky, he thought
bee a storm sooner or later. He entered the house straight in to the kitchen,
the woman lay on her back on the floor, her legs up and Jack stroking the red
shoes, his tongue licking over the long thin heel, he smiled at Frank, �Nice
shoes, I like red shoes.�

&nbsp;

Frank smiled
at his brother, �Yeah and I like a red arse, come on lets have some fun with
her, make sure she does all we want tonight and you know how playing with our
friends always gives us a good long hard on.�

&nbsp;

Still with her
knees bound and her arms painfully strapped back and to her body, they dragged
the blindfolded women up and forced her to waddle out in to the humid evening
air, she stumbled and whimpered between the two men along to the stable.

&nbsp;

Jack giggled
at the array of ropes hanging from different beams as they forced the woman
under them.

&nbsp;

Frank tied a
rope end to her wrists and pulled up bending her, her feet struggled to stay on
the floor as her hair touched the floor, she struggled not to cry out as Franks
hand slid over her raised cheeks, �Now that�s a nice sight, eh bruv, see that
long handled whip on the wall, pass it here, lets see how good a shot I am with
it,� there was a sob from the bound beauty all most drowned out by the laughter
from Jack.

&nbsp;

Frank took
four paces back, his hand raised, a flick of his wrist and the whip sang
through the air, it hit nothing, Frank shuffled forward, sobbing noise�s filled
the stable, his hand raised another flick, this time the sing ended in a slap,
the sobbing changed to a loud aaahhhhpphh, Frank chuckled, �MMMMM better, three
more just to check it wasn�t beginners luck,� snap, snap, snap, the woman�s
voice almost rasped from her throat, �Will you look at that bruv, four little
lines of blood, you want to try?�

&nbsp;

Jack missed on
all his try�s and gave up, handing the whip back he snapped, �I�d rather fuck
her,� Frank laughed as he took the black handle back, �You will but let me have
my fun, if I hit her cunt twice then you get to fuck her mouth again, watch
this.�

&nbsp;

He moved back
to the sobbing woman, bent and took the rope off her legs, then tied one length
to her ankle, he grabbed another hanging rope and pulled her up on one leg, she
struggled to stay upright her left leg tied high, her cunt open and vulnerable,
he stepped back.

&nbsp;

The first
caught her above the knee, the second on the inside of her thigh, the third and
forth on her cheeks again the fifth struck home, the sixth and seventh on her
thigh the eighth struck her between her cunt and arsehole, the scream was
pitiful, Frank threw the whip against the wall, �I win the teddy bear or should
it be pussy?�

&nbsp;

He walked
around in front of the bent woman, the sarcasm in his voice was one of complete
power, �You want to be fucked or shall I continue?�

A pathetic
whimper blubbered past sobs, �I, I want, t,t be
fucked, please for god sake just fuck me.�

&nbsp;

Frank roared
with laughter, �God ain�t here but I�m sure he�d fuck you, but as I said
before, he ain�t I am, you do us all night or your back down here, do you
understand?�

Her head
nodded, he looked at Jack, �Then we will start right here, she seems to be in a
good position, you want back or front?� Jack smiled, �Oh I�ll take her cunt.�

&nbsp;

The stable now
echoed to grunts, grunts of pain as the woman�s sore body was battered from
behind then in front, her bound leg still high, her hair tied high dragging her
face up to Franks crotch; the other grunts were the pleasures of two men as
they drove there hard cocks in to the defenceless woman�s abused cunt and mouth.

&nbsp;

Both Frank and
Jack took the cocks out before they came, shooting their loads over the floor.
Frank moved and untied the woman from the beams, in pain she dropped to her
knees which was exactly what Frank wanted, �Lick our cum off the floor and
don�t miss a bit.�

&nbsp;

In fear of her
life the woman started to lick the floor, blindfolded she couldn�t see, both
Frank and Jack chuckled as there were a lots of horse shit marks all around,
they knew she had to lick some, they weren�t wrong.

&nbsp;

Great roars of
laughter filled the stable as time and time again her tongue slid over the dark
patch�s of dug, she couldn�t stop, she daren�t, but they soon tired of it and
picked her up, �Better clean you up, Mrs fucking totty is going to be spending
a lot of time in nice clean sheets, well clean, all apart from the cum stains,
your cum stains, upstairs, its bath time.�

&nbsp;

Monday Night. 

They dragged
the bruised and battered woman from the stables, she was completely broken; she
had never been treated like this and her brain had refused to accept reality.
She was putty in their hands. First the humiliation of being thrown in a
shower, cold then hot water forced screams from her, still in her shoes and
nylons she stood there unable to defend herself, the men amusing themselves with
her abused body, prodding and pinching, forcing their fingers in to her, taking
the shower head off and shoving the end of the shower up her arse and cunt,
laughing as she squealed to the cold water that chilled her inside or made her
nipples stand hard before dragging her out and slapping her as she tried to
escape them in the confines of the ornate bathroom. 

&nbsp;

Frank stopped,
the blindfolded woman stood shaking in the corner, Frank moved toward her,
�Okay totty, this is it, walk forward,� fear if she didn�t fear if she did
slowly she moved forward. Jack had rope, Frank moved behind her, she jumped as
he grabbed the buckle, he removed the belt then untied her elbows and wrists,
her arms hung useless at her side.

With in a
minute her elbows were tied with a two foot gap from elbow to elbow, her wrist
were tied in front by the same pinning her arms and wrists to her side, Frank
whispered in her ear, �Okay totty, you may not be able to see but you can feel,
you need to feel me and my bruvers cocks hard all night, either up you, in your
mouth, between your tits or in your hands but if we go soft, need I remind you
how hard they were in the stable, need I say more, come on, let the fun begin
there�s room for three on your big bed.�

&nbsp;

Tuesday A M

It was eight
fifteen in the morning, all three woke to a loud banging on the door, she lay
in the middle of the two brothers, her body covered in sticky drying cum, her
tits, mouth arse and cunt oozed their filth, her lips red and bruised from
continually sucking cock, being forced to ram their full lengths down her
throat; her arse and cunt swollen from hours of fucking, either one at a time,
double ended, a sixty nine or a sandwiched and her tits raw from the amount of
times she had let them fuck off between them not to mention her swollen bruised
and chewed nipples. 

&nbsp;

Frank shouted,
�Jack, Jack wake up trouble, shut her up and get a knife,� as he moved to the
window Jacks hand slammed across the woman�s sore mouth, she hadn�t the
strength to fight, she lay, naked, bound and blindfolded awaiting her fate when
Frank yelled, �Oh fuck, it�s cool he�s here.�

&nbsp;

Frank went
down and opened the door to Norman; the two men embraced before Frank took him
inside, Norman looked at the kitchen, rope and belts littered the floor, the
riding crops sat on the table, he smiled, �Partying are we, found a new
friend?� his voice etched in sarcasm.� 

&nbsp;

Frank moved
him towards the stair case, �Fuck you stink, where you been and mores the point
where�s the fucking car, how long before we can get out of here?�

Norman�s eyes
flicked around the house, �Later, later I see we�ve got some nice stuff, think
some of it can come with us, that vase, that picture, good audio kit, yeah
worth a few bob this lot.�

&nbsp;

The two men
reached the bedroom, Jack still lay on the bed, she was beside him, he looked
up from sucking her fat, red swollen nipple, �Eh cous how you doin,� they had
learnt not to use names.

&nbsp;

Norman stopped
looking at the belongings and took in the beauty on the bed, �Nice, very nice,
so this is your new friend, bit messy but after a night with you two what would
I expect but she�s a looker, great tits oh yes she�s a looker all right.�

&nbsp;

Frank slapped
him on the back, �Then lets kill two birds with one stone, the showers in
there, take her and both of you can get cleaned up, you can have some fun with
her while you do, sucks a mean cock,� he pushed him forward, �Well she does
now.�

&nbsp;

Jack dragged
the exhausted woman up and threw her in to the passing Normans grip, �Come on
lady, lets fuck you a couple of time, looks to me like you�ve had enough
practice to give a man enjoyment,� he shoved her blindly in to the bathroom.

&nbsp;

Jack and Frank
went downstairs to check for food, leaving her with Norman; Norman stood in the
shower, the water splashed his face as he rubbed the expensive shampoo in to
his filthy hair. The water cascaded down over the woman�s head. 

She knelt in
front of him, her bruised lips wrapped around his fat cock as she used them to
wank him off in to her mouth, her knees ached, the high heeled red shoes
marking the marble tiles as she crammed herself in to the confines of the
cubical.

&nbsp;

Bread, cheese,
marmalade and cups in between the riding crops littered the neat table, Frank
and Jack, their mouths full of food looked up as Norman marched the woman in,
�Needed a good blow job, she ain�t bad, can�t wait to try out the rest of her,
but that�s later for now I�m hungry.�

&nbsp;

He sat her
down and sat himself, he grabbed food in his hands and shovelled it in to his
mouth, he looked at her, took another handful and rammed it in her mouth, she
took it, she hadn�t eaten for hours and her strength was ebbing.

&nbsp;

The cups were
filled with expensive wine, they made her drink as they gorged themselves,
Norman let out a long, loud belch, �That�s better, good food, good wine and now
a good fuck, come on lady lets take you back upstairs, I want to fuck you for
an hour or two, you boys want to come up in a bit, we can give this beauty a
good three way fucking this afternoon while we wait for the transport.� 

&nbsp;

As she felt
his hand grip her arm, she whimpered but still stayed silent, Norman looked at the brothers, �You made her cum
yet?� Frank looked at him, �Don�t know been fucking her to hard to notice,�
Norman laughed and dragged up out of the seat, �Well rich lady, gona make you
cum, gona play with your cunt real good then fuck you until you can�t help but
climax,� his laugh was evil, �You can tell your posh friends how you were
fucked and fucked and fucked by an ex-con until you spurted your juice for him,
that will make a dinner party go with a swing,� he laughed as he dragged her
towards the stairs.

&nbsp;

The two
brothers smiled to each other, they heard the sound of her high heeled shoes on
the stairs as she was taken back upstairs, �Give Norm an hour to have his fun
with her then we will go back up there and fuck her some more, we will use the
time to see what we can take, we will need money and as Norm said, there�s some
valuable stuff in this house, lets check it out.�

&nbsp;

While Jack and
Frank piled the good quality antiques by the back door, Norman had the
beautiful, helpless women on her back on the bed, his tongue playing gently
over the fat swollen lips of her cunt, his fingers rubbed delicately over the
her now sensitive nipple. He knew her cunt lips were full and she would be
forced to become aroused, and the beauty of it was she couldn�t see the evil
smile that meant he had done this many times before, there was going to be no
escape, he was going to have her, he was going to make her humiliate herself. 

&nbsp;

He knew just where
to lick her, soon his tongue danced over the swollen nub, after hours of
vicious fucking the sudden feeling of gently caressing made her hips move.
Fingers that had simulated her nipples now tickled her; her own lubrication
allowed them to slip and tantalizingly slide over her inner lips.

&nbsp;

She shook her
head, the fact that she couldn�t see what was happening to her heighten the
sensitivity, her hips rolled on the bed, the tongue worked faster, the fingers
searched inside, looking for her erogenous place, Norman knew as soon as he
found it he would be able to play with her, he wanted to destroy her pride.

&nbsp;

He stifled a
snigger as he touched a spot and her hips jumped, he felt a shudder run through
her, again he touched this time he licked her nub, his tongue flicking over the
end, she moved again.� 

&nbsp;

She was now moving, little stifled grunts came from her; Norman was a master at arousing women as long as
they were helpless, bound and at his mercy, like Frank and his tormenting this
was his game. 

&nbsp;

He now had two
fingers inside her, rubbing just over the spot, his tongue slid and slurped
over her cunt, she jumped her head jerked up, little words spluttered from her
mouth, �Please no stop, please stop, I, ah, I, can�t do this, pl, aahhh,
nnoooaahh.�

&nbsp;

Norman felt
his fingers getting wetter, they slipped easily over her inner walls, making
her cum, now was his favourite time. He let her subside just a little then he
started again, really working on her, until, bound as she was she still
couldn�t stop bucking and writhing on the bed, Norman stopped.

&nbsp;

The words he
knew he would hear were still music, �Please no don�t, no stop, I can�t, I ahh need to stop no finish, pl,� pleahhh, please.�

Norman slid
quickly up her body, his tongue started flicking over her hyper sensitive
nipple, �Ask me to fuck you.�

&nbsp;

Jack and Frank
lent against the bedroom door and watched as the woman straddled his hips
thrusting her aroused body up and down Normans shaft, she moaned and grunted, her humiliation complete as she fucked and came with
her own rapist.

&nbsp;

Norman saw
them, �Her old man in prison, what would he think here she being friendly with
three complete strangers, fucking them and even asking for it,� he slid his
hand forward and rubbed her clit, �That�s it bitch you jump, you love it, you
ride well,� Frank laughed, �She rides alright but not as hard as we are going
to make her,� Norman�s other hand squeezed her tits, �Fancy a gallop lady?�

&nbsp;

The two
brothers roared with laughter as Norman thrust his hips quickly moving his cock
franticly in and out of the confused woman�s cunt, he grinned up at her,� �And as you seem to
be all tied up and alone with us may I suggest more of riding this and a couple
of others will be the order of the afternoon.�

&nbsp;

With in
seconds of her being forced to cum on the end of Normans cock, she was bent
over and being fucked by Jack, the men giggled as Norman had his hand between
her legs tickling her nub while showing Jack the way to fuck her, forcing yet
more humiliation, making sure he fucked her slowly and in which direction to
force his cock end so that it rubbed on the part he had found stimulated her
the most, then rapidly, forcing grunts from her, the three of them cheered as
Jack made her cum.

&nbsp;

Giving her
pleasure was soon forgotten as they spent the afternoon taking her time and
time again, the fucking got worse, two of them at once most of the time but
several three way fucks and a lot of blow jobs saw the poor woman degraded over
and over again.

&nbsp;

It was
evening, the three of them were still using her when the car turned up, the man hit the horn three times which was the signal to
move. While the three men loaded the car with the stuff they had chosen to
steal they took the driver up to the bedroom and forced her to give him a blow
job, before leaving her exhausted on the bed, hogtied, gagged and helpless.

&nbsp;

Tuesday Night

�Look just get in the fucking car,� they could see Jack was agitated,
�Can I go get the red shoes, can I?� Norman still wouldn�t move, the three of
them just stood in the middle of the courtyard, the man in the car shouted
again, �Look its pissing down with rain and I got to get this car back, now
come on.�

&nbsp;

Norman looked
at Frank, �Remember what they said on T V, �200,000 that�s what�s missing, its
in that house somewhere, we�ve raped her enough times she�s knows we mean
business, lets torture her until she tells us where it is then we�ll slit her
throat, come on, God knows nobody will care if we kill her, must be something
in that fucking stupid bible you been reading about helping yourself, no-one
will know it was us, lets kill her who the fucks listening anyway?� 

&nbsp;

The whole area
lit up in a flash, a lighting bolt hit the floor right in the middle of their
huddle, the man in the car was blinded, he leapt from the drivers side and ran screaming
in pain until he abruptly fell head long over the three charred bodies.

&nbsp;

Wednesday AM

The police
officer smiled at the worried vicar, �Sorry to be the bearer of such news but
they were most certainly two from here, brothers, you let them out last week,�
the vicar shook his bowed head, �Yes, yes it was the Dobson brothers, they told
me they were changed men, oh what a fool.�

&nbsp;

The police
officer hid a snigger, �Yes it would seem you failed, lot of nonsense if you
ask me, religion I mean, all powerful being and that, still each to his own.�

�The woman is
safe, she�s going to be alright I mean?�

The officer
nodded, �No thanks to you but she�s going to be alright, funny thing is the
husband, the charges have been dropped, it made the woman�s recovery much
easier, she said it was a miracle.�

&nbsp;

The vicar
stopped for a moment, a little smile etched on his lips, he looked from under
his glasses, �The criminal eyewitness, said they were about to kill the woman?�

The officer
said, �Yes.�

�Did he not
say their last words were, who�s listening?�

The officer
nodded, �I believe so.�

�And a
thunderbolt hit them, killing them instantly?�

�Yes sir it
did.�

The vicar
nodded, �God moves in mysteries ways, my son, sometimes, very mysterious ways.�

&nbsp;

���������������������� ������������������������������������������Pagan.

�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





