BDSM Library - A Slaves Daughter 




A Slaves Daughter 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story of a family, father is a sadist and cruel, mother is slave, so is 16 year old child, not for the week of heart or stomach








 
   jim
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-10-02T17:07:00Z
  2006-10-02T17:07:00Z
  1
  1914
  10913
   
  90
  25
  12802
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








����������� It was raining outside really
pouring so that you could not see, whether you were outside or in, traffic
backed up for miles so that she could even see the lines of cars backed up from
her spot at the window. If she could see that is as she sat there staring out
the window thinking nothing and looking at nothing in paticular she hears a
noice in the house and she doesn't even turn around to see what it was as she
already knew her mother was in trouble but she also knew that her mother egged
him on as this was the only time her father was even in the same room with her
mother, he would deliberatly get up and leave the room so he didn't have to be
in her mothers presence. At times she wondered if she was the only reason her
father and mother were still together or was there more to it?

&nbsp;

����������� She hears a scream in the background
she stands up and goes to her mother who is on the floor &quot;Mom!&quot; she
looks up at her father &quot;Dad why did you.....?&quot; she glares at him with
anger. Her father grabs her wrist &quot;She has pushed me to far this time
Crystal!&quot; he screams in her face. Crystal replys &quot;What did she do
this time daddy, stand? sit? talk? huh what did she do please tell me.&quot;
she says in a emotionless defeated voice. Her father smiles at her slowly
releasing her arm &quot;Now what have I said about interfering in my business
young lady?&quot; Crystal looks at her father solemnly and replies in an
electronic tone of voice &quot;Your business is your business and i have no
place in your business.&quot; her father half smiles &quot;.....and what must
happen now?&quot; Crystal stares blankly at her father &quot;Crystal shall be
punished if she interferes with daddies business.&quot; 

&nbsp;

����������� This entire time Crystals mother is
sighing she had watched for a few minutes she had seen this rutine a million
times so much could recite both parts by heart as her daughter was 16 and had recited
this everytime she enterfered since the day she could talk. Her mother had
suspeicions about her husband brainwashing she and her daughter but anytime
those thoughts entered her head she began to get horrible headaches and stomach
cramps so bad they had sent her to the hospital once or twice in the past and
was totally embarressed when as soon as she got to the exam room of the
emergency enterence they stopped and she had to leave completely embarressed as
of course the doctors said she was faking it and she had to walk out with her
husband screaming at her and deal with him screaming all the way home. So
needless to say thoughts of them being brainwashed did not enter her mind often
as she did not want to be exsposed to public embarressment frequently.....but
at times like these she could swear her daughter had been brainwashed since she
was born. 

&nbsp;

����������� Suddenly Crystal goes flying accross
the room she knew better then to move an inch or she would be next and Crystal
would scream and scream as her father did whatever he pleased with her because
she let him believing that she deserved it all. At times she had to wonder what
her daughter truely believed but she never got the chance to ask and didn't
dare because she could only guess as to what would happen if she actually spoke
about it all and she would never have the chance as she knew more was coming to
her as well and she would be locked up for another couple of days and by that
point she would have forgotten what she wanted to talk to her daughter about as
her mind would be filled with trying to please the bastard.....her thoughts
would have continued but a sharp pain started in her stomach and radiated
throughout her body and made her scream.

&nbsp;

����������� Crystal desn't hear the scream due
to her own but her father does &quot;What have I told you about thinking
thoughts like that!&quot; her father screams in her mothers face as he slaps
her twice in the face which forces her mother to fall to the floor. Crystal
turns her head so she doesn't have to see the look on her mothers face when she
doesn't come to her rescue. She cautiously walks up to her father and gentley
touches his arm &quot;Not to interupt but may i wait for the rest of my
punishment in my room, as I can not stand the site of my mother at this
moment?&quot; Her father looks at her &quot;No!&quot; he replies firmly. He
grabs her mother and takes her out of ear shot. Crystal sighs and goes back to
her place by the window the only solitude from her world. She sighs she did not
know a single other person in the world and her world was very small she
desides she didn't want to think about what she was missing beyond the walls of
her home and clears her mind to think of nothing as she stares out the window
in a sad but yet expressionless look on her face.

&nbsp;

����������� Entering the other room Crystals
father looks at her mother grabbing her wrists and forces her back to the
closet door in the bedroom pinning her to the door. &quot;When are you going to
get those blasphemous thoughts out of your head Erin?&quot; he says cooly and
calmly. Erin looks at him &quot;When You die!&quot; she yells at him. He looks
at her and backhands her, then quickly before she had a chance to recover he
grabs her wrist again pinning her back to the closet door, as she had been
loosened a second while he struck her. Erin whimpers as she trembles
&quot;Jason what are You.....&quot; she is cut off by him grabbing her throat
and forcing her to the bathroom where he locks the door and throws her in the
tub running the water suddenly calm again he turns and looks at his wife
&quot;do you wish Me dead Erin?&quot; Erin looks at him &quot;Ye.....no of
course not i just don't know why you have to treat crystal and i the way you
do.&quot; she begins to weep as she watches the water fill the tub. Jason sighs
turns off the water grabs Erins neck and dunks her in the water. Erin sits
there a second then begins to struggle trying to get air. He then pulls her up
and dunks her one more time this time letting her struggle a little longer, he
then lifts her head and says &quot;Erin you know who and what I am, you even
knew how I would treat you and any child we had when you agreed to marry
me....you know exactly why.....you may not like your life but you chose it when
you chose Me. understood?&quot; Erin &quot;yes Sir.&quot; she replies in
compliance with his statement. Jason looks at her &quot;then I want a little
more respect if you want to disrespect yourself fine.....but do not disrespect
Me or My daughter.&quot; Erin sighs in compliance &quot;yes Sir.&quot; but
inside she was screaming for relief, for someone to rescue her and her
daughter.....then she realised she had nothing absolutely nothing it all
belonged to him. Erin looks at Jason &quot;Sir do i have anything anymore did
You take everything from me?&quot; Jason smiles and looks at her &quot;No Erin
you gave all of it every last piece to Me, when you agreed to serve Me as My
slave, you will never be free of Me, and you did it too yourself, I know I am
not the best man in the world dearest but I am the man you chose, now I want
you to think about that do you hear Me?&quot; Erin nods her hed &quot;yes
Sir.&quot; and deep inside she knew he had already won this battle. Jason turns
&quot;now get out of the tub dry off make yourself up whatever you need to do
to complete your day.&quot; He walks out of the bathroom shutting the door he
snickers and whispers &quot;and then the punishment you will beg for bitch.&quot;
he says when he enters the bedroom and locks the door. Erin gets up out of the
tub she sits on the toilet and begins to cry. &quot;why do i even try to fight
him, he's right, he always will be right.&quot; Jason sits on the bed knowing
she is tearing herself down he smiles to himself &quot;oh yes baby baby thats
right yield to Daddy.&quot;

&nbsp;

After
sitting on the toilet for a while Erin dryies herself off she knew better then
to upset him. she dresses and puts her make up back on weeping, she looks at
herself in the mirror and almost hits it, she stops herself she falls to the
floor crying. Jason smiles hearing her bang around in the bathroom. He lays
back knowing she will be a while.

&nbsp;

Sighing
looks at the door and wonders what is taking them so long, though she knew
there was nothing she could do, sighing again she turns to the window window
with a vacant stare wondering, does anyone care that she's alive?

&nbsp;

30
minutes later Erin comes out of the bathroom a complete mess and tryies to open
the bedroom door, when she finds it locked she turns and walks to Jason
&quot;Sir may i get out of the bedroom?&quot; Jason replies &quot;No I want to
observe you for a while.&quot; Erin sighs and nods. Jason gets up and grabs her
in a flash &quot;what was that?!&quot; Erin begins to cry. &quot;yes Sir i'm sorry.&quot;
Jason tosses her across the room and lounges back on the bed. &quot;Don't make
Me get up again slave.&quot; Erin gets up and cryies she lays down on the floor
on her mat, next to his side of the bed and weeping into her blanket.

&nbsp;

Jason
smiles watching her he sits up and touches her gentley on the head &quot;slave
tell Daddy what is wrong.&quot; Erin looks up &quot;i'm so sorry i shouldn't
fight you, i know better.&quot; Jason caringly queries &quot;this is why you
cry?&quot; . Erin looks up and nods and lowers her head again. Jason smiles &quot;kneel
before Me slave.&quot; Rising to a kneeling position Erin spreads her thighs
wide exsposing her full womanhood. Her back arrow straight she surrenders her
will placing her hands palms up on her knees. Jason smiles and says &quot;Do
you desire that Daddy punish you?&quot; Erin nods trembling &quot;yes Sir.&quot;
Jason grins and grabs her hair pulls her head all the way back and spits in her
face. &quot;then you shall be punished!&quot; Erin trembles hard in his grasp,
tears falling off her face. Releasing her hair Jason commands, &quot;Bow to
your Lord and Master.&quot; Without hesitation Erin places her face to the
floor. raising her ass high in offering to her Master. 

&nbsp;

Smiling
Jason walks around to her backside admiring her pose, but does not let her
know,he kicks her hard in the ass his foot slipping into the gash. Erin
trembles and squeezes her ass musceles around his foot, as Jason begins to take
her ass, harshly, jamming his foot ever deeper. Erin cryies as his toes scrape
the insides of her ass, rocking back and forth with the pressure. Jason smiles
and applies full force jamming his entire foot into her ass. Erin screams as
blood poors from her ass. Jason suddenly rips his foot from her ass and picks
her head up ripping her head back &quot;not a sound bitch, why should you
deserve the release of the scream!&quot; he then throws her head back to the
floor. Erin whimpers in pain &quot;yes Sir.&quot; Jason begins kicking her hard
in the ass and smiles when his foot accidently slips into her cunt. Totally
unprepared Erin braces for the assualt. Smiling Jason makes use of her cunt the
pungent aroma of sex fills his nostrils telling him his bitch is in heat
sadistically he withdraws from her.leaving her in dire need of her Master's
minnstrations. Erin tryies to remain quiet, knowing he is only torturing her
sexually. Jason stops and watches her admiring her cunt and ass musceles
quivering and begging for more attention. 

&nbsp;

A wry
smile crosses his lips.&quot;Stand bitch it's the cuffs tonight.&quot; Erin
stands walks over to the cuffs hanging from the ceiling facing the wall she
waits patiently almost fearfully, crying silently. Jason walks over behind her
his aura changing to a friendlier fatherly man, releasing some of the tention
in the room he gentley takes her hands and places them in the cuffs, securing
her in so that she can stand on her tip toes having to pull up for any comfort.
Jason walks over and grabs his knife, whip and flogger. He walks up to Erin
with a smile and casualy asks &quot;we were a naughty little girl weren't
we?&quot; Erin cryies &quot;yes Daddy&quot; trembling. Jason &quot;not a sound
you hear me?&quot; Erin whimpers and nods. Jason smiles he shows her the knife,
&quot;now i am going to cut your back, if you move or make a sound you will
make it worse.&quot; Erin nods tears streaming down her face. Jason then goes
around and begins cutting her back with shallow straight lines, but making it
feel worse then it is, hoping she moves or speaks. Erin doesn't even brace but
just hangs in the cuffs crying silently. Jason finishes he grabs the flogger
the tails of the whip kissing her back with each lash, he grins looking at his
work and grabs his braided cat o nine and strikes Erin's back with it several
times. He puts the whip down and grabbing in her tit he sinks his nails deeply
into her 38D breast. Erin perfectly still till he grabs her breast, she
shudders, involentarily. Jason grins and backs up grabbing her hair brush, he
strikes her cunt and ass hole hard many times with the bristled end of the
brush. Then he turns the brush over and hits her in the cunt with the wooden
side. Next he grabs her double dildo he fill both of her holes allowing her to
hang in her exotic pain &quot;that better not come out baby girl or Daddy will
be angry.&quot; Walking out slamming the door his gaze catches the silohuete of
his daughter staring after the rain.

&nbsp;

to be
continued.......







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tights_brandy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





