BDSM Library - Ariel the Hitwoman




Ariel the Hitwoman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ariel is a glamorous hitwoman, addicted to money, kinky sex and haute couture. She is also a vicious sadist







Hitwoman.

 
  Ariane is a glamorous hitwoman.
  GabbyLez (gde1967@hotmail.com)
  Ariel is assigned to assassinate an unrepentant diamond thief named Olga. 
   jim
  2
  2006-09-28T08:36:00Z
  2006-09-28T08:36:00Z
  1
  9048
  51579
   
  429
  121
  60506
  10.2625
 

 
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Ariel the Hitwoman.

&nbsp;

By
GabbyLez (gde1967@hotmail.com)

&nbsp;

Story
Codes: F/F, F+/F, violent, snuff, nec, urination, scat, humiliation, lingerie, toys,
BDSM.

&nbsp;

Summary: Ariel is a
glamorous hitwoman, addicted to money, kinky sex and haute couture. She is also
a vicious sadist. 

&nbsp;

Part 1. Ariel and Olga.

&nbsp;

1.

&nbsp;

Ariel
examined her voluptuous body in the three way mirror. She was fresh from her
perfumed bath. Her silky skin was rubbed with scented oils and lotions; her
nipples were tingling from peppermint soap. Gazing at herself with languorous
eyes, she arched her back to bring her swelling breasts into high relief while
she admired the sleek curvature of her thighs and the globular bulges of her
ass. No longer a young woman, she had a little hump of flesh that puckered out
in her lower belly- but a little puppy fat was a sensuous feature to her
well-toned body. She enjoyed kneading the hot pulpy flesh of her Mons while
dildoing herself and pinching her nipples. Ariel was aroused by the sight and
feel of her own ravishing body; she leered at the reflection of her pampered
flesh, such a contrast the piteous state her victim would soon be in, stiff,
lifeless and putrescent. Her nipples were erect and throbbing. This was no time
to masturbate.

&nbsp;

Ariel
was always exquisitely and expensively dressed. Today she exemplified chic
luxury and haute couture. Her breasts were plumped out with a red satin push-up
bra. She slipped into a lacy red silk camisole. Her blouses were often sensuous
satin or hot Italian silk, sometimes more costly than her firearms. Ariel slid
her arms into a soft pinstriped blouse. She carefully applied her cosmetics
before daubing her pulse points with Jasmine, her favorite perfume. Now she
slowly fastened the buttons.

&nbsp;

���� Ariel took out several jewelry cases, all
lined with satin or velvet, and selected her rings, necklaces and other
accessories. Diamond studded earrings were fastened in her lobes. She
added� clusters of seed pearls with warbling
gold pendants. She draped several gold strands around her neck and arranged the
pendants- one inside her blouse, teasing her sweaty cleavage, the other
dangling outside among the shiny black buttons. She clipped two bracelets on
her right wrist, and one more to accompany her diamond-studded Cartier watch on
her left. Fingering the smooth globes of a pearl necklace, she couldn�t resist
tucking this one last extravagance inside her blouse- Ariel enjoyed the
sensuality of these smooth, lustrous spheres that seemed to roll about her
breasts with tiny wet kisses, warmed by her own flesh and moistened in the damp
cleft- a cleft so narrow that the globes of her breasts bounced against each
other in the tightness of her bra. Her fingers, tipped with long, ruby-red
nails, were adorned with several jeweled rings.

&nbsp;

With
a caressing hand, Ariel slipped a pair of beige fully fashioned stockings up to
mid-thigh. The stocking tops were snug enough to hold her favorite
chrome-plated automatic with its short silencer. The black garters were
carefully snapped into place and her skirt buttoned up- a long black skirt with
a pink taffeta lining, just loose enough to allow this subterfuge. The pistol
was flat and of small caliber, only a 25. Besides, her long sable coat would
prevent any prying eyes from scrutinizing her killer legs. Ariel was instantly
the center of attraction wherever she went and an automatic might just be
noticed with a flash of gartered thigh. The skirt buttoned up the right side,
and was often left unfastened to her upper thigh, like a slit. Ariel sometimes
popped the buttons just before her hits, providing easy access to her weapon of
choice. She stepped into a pair of� blood
red high heels, with steel stiletto tips. Ariel draped a brightly colored
Herm�s scarf around her neck as the finishing touch.

&nbsp;

During
one final inspection of the automatic, she reviewed her notes and a photograph
collection of her impending victim. �Mmmmmmm� she moaned, her eyes suddenly
rolling back, losing focus of the photograph depicting her latest target. As� Ariel flipped through the furtive photographs
of Olga, mostly taken by hidden photographers in public places, she drooled at
the image of a voluptuous, bovine-eyed, thick-lipped beauty swathed in furs and
form-fitting suits. She might have took Olga to be a fashion model or cinema
star, had Ariel not been provided with her background file. The information
provided to Ariel described Olga as a �Bi-sexual seductress, measurements
44DD-26-36. Promiscuous, kinky and deviant, sadistic and avaricious. Imprisoned
for embezzlement, 2 year term.� Ariel was going to seduce her, sleep with her,
obtain certain bits of information that would recover some of the Syndicate�s
money, and then kill her like a Lesbian black widow.

&nbsp;

Ariel
was a natural hitwoman. She was cunning, beautiful, discreet, and most
significantly, a ruthless barracuda. She was also that most feared, fascinating
and ferocious of killers- the sexual sadist. Ariel took a pleasure in her hits
as if she were smashing a porcelain doll. She gloated at destruction, the more
beautiful, glamorous or powerful the victim, the more intense was her delight.
When her sexual climaxes were at stake, nothing else mattered but the success
of her eliminations. That is why so many sexual murderers go uncaught for
years. If they were driven by any other impulse, they might be more careless.

&nbsp;

Ariel's
orgasms were ten times more intense and numerous after a successful hit. Ariel
would fuck herself silly with the thought that some voluptuous rival was now
just a bloating corpse, crawling with flies. She�d seen them- glassy eyes
staring with a look of surprise, pain- even the illusion of pleasure when the
lips curled into a perverse smile, or when the eyes rolled back or crossed as
if in the throes of orgasm. In some, the breasts, belly and ass bloated until
they threatened to pop buttons or burst straining clothes; she saw the rigid
bodies, tainted with a marmoreal hue that looked sculpted, their stiffened
limbs contorted like an abused mannequin. The perverse, morose thrill Ariel
enjoyed only intensified her determined professionalism. Yet this one factor
would lead to her downfall. This is the story of her final hit.

&nbsp;

2.

&nbsp;

Miss
Olga had refused to compromise. Her greed was as insatiable as Ariel's sadism.
After a decade of managing a large volume of diamond sales for the Russian
syndicate, she was caught funneling money. After repeated denials and an offer
of amnesty that she declined, her prompt removal was necessary. Ariel was
posing as a wealthy buyer. The appointment was set for 9 PM at an upscale
hotel; they would discuss the deal, Ariel would seduce her, and an exchange of
diamonds for cash arranged at an adandoned loading dock. The area was secured
and Ariel would conduct her hit there. The diamonds would be recovered and
there would be no witnesses, no evidence- not even a body.

&nbsp;

The
thought of another lucrative deal caused Olga�s heart to race with a sexual
fervor. A throbbing heat gripped her cunt with the anticipation of more
shopping sprees. Olga took her aching, erect, throbbing nipple between her
sharp index finger and thumbnail, twisting and squeezing the hard rubbery knob
until she hissed through her teeth with a biting, self-inflicted pain. The web
of veins in her engorged breasts bulged with excitement, the hot blood coursing
through them in sync with the thumping of her heart. She was nearly overcome by
the urge to masturbate.

&nbsp;

Like
Ariel, Olga was a haute-couture slut. Expensive designer clothes made her cunt
sweat. She loved to drape her body with a fortune in jewelry. Beneath a
severely cut suit she�d wear the sleaziest lingerie. For her rendez-vous with Ariel,
she chose a tailored blouse in pink with white pinstripes, to be worn under a
gray pantsuit. Anticipating a romp with Ariel, she decided to wear more
tasteful lingerie than she was accustomed to- sleazy lingerie made her own cunt
drool but she�d rather not take a chance that Ariel would think she was trashy.
Fresh from her bath, Olga rubbed herself with scented lotions and powdered her
skin. She fastened the garter belt in front and rotated it to the rear, then
pulled a pair of flesh-toned stockings over her muscular legs and clipped the
garters. Olga slipped on her lace-trimmed pink panties, worn over the garters
for convenience in the bathroom or bedroom. Her brassiere was beige, with heavy
straps to support the weight of her enormous 44 double-D�s.

&nbsp;

Olga�s
meticulous cosmetics came next- lightly applied eyeshadow, eyeliner and coral
lipstick. A musky perfume was daubed on the insides of her wrists and between
her breasts. After slipping on a pearl-gray satin half-slip, Olga buttoned
herself into a cotton camisole. The blouse went next, followed by her gray
slacks. The curves of her thighs, rump and Mons were delineated in these
slacks; they had sharp creases down the front of the legs. Olga slipped a gold
chain belt through the belt loops. Around her neck, she draped a necklace and
gold mounted pearls. Small matching pendants were placed on her ears. The final
touch was a Fendi scarf tied around her neck- gleaming white silk with a pink
and gold pattern. She was saucy but not at the expense of good taste. With
narcissistic pleasure she leaned forward and kissed her image in the mirror,
wiping the lipstick away with a tissue afterwards. Her cunt pulsed with a slick
hot cream that flowed down the insides of her thighs, soaking the stocking
tops. She had inserted a pantyliner to be certain the juice wouldn�t show
through her slacks. Her panties later felt cold and clammy, but for now they
were hot and sticky. She felt her nipples straining inside her bra and her clit
throbbing. The business matter at hand caused her to change focus. It was time
to go.

&nbsp;

Ariel
had arranged the meeting to commence in the hotel restaurant. She intended to
wine and dine her intended victim to make her comfortable. Along with her
entree of filleted sole, she had oysters, Russian caviar and two glasses of
wine. They exchanged lustful glances throughout the dinner. Olga was a South
American beauty with thick lips, slanting eyes and a throaty voice that purred
when she spoke, rolling her r�s. Olga�s enormous breasts wobbled inside her
blouse, she licked her fingers with sensual flicks of her pink tongue... her
musky, oversexed smell made Ariel�s head reel. Ariel stole glances at the
buttons threatening to burst under the pressure of Olga�s tits bulging under
the silk. Her nipples puckered the blouse too. Ariel and Olga were anxious to
resume their negotiations in the privacy of Ariel�s room, C24.

&nbsp;

The
deal did not take long to finish- Ariel would pay $60,000 for the diamonds,
pending examination- in the hotel, she saw only photographs, certificates and a
few� samples. They would meet at 11 PM in
an abandoned loading dock on Pier 14, where the exchange would take place. Olga
was oblivious to the fact that Ariel�s cunt was not only burning at the thought
of fucking her up her hot, tight ass, but of destroying her. She wanted to make
the buxom, glamorous bitch squirm.

&nbsp;

3.

&nbsp;

In
the room, Ariel popped the cork on another bottle of wine. She raised her glass
to toast the diamond deal they had made. Ariel had adjusted the heat a little
high before the meeting, knowing that it would expedite the removal of coats,
scarves and eventually more. Olga had immediately removed her heavy fur and her
suit jacket; now she removed her silk scarf, revealing her sweaty jewel-adorned
throat and a teasing glimpse of her creamy breasts. Ariel had left for a powder
break, but in actuality she was strapping on an 8-inch latex cock. She allowed
it to dangle between her thighs, concealed under her long skirt. If she had
worn it up, her skirt would have had a conspicuous phallic bulge. They sat on
the plush couch and in the midst of their conversation, drew close, looked into
each other�s eyes and kissed.

&nbsp;

Ariel
guided Olga�s hand to the strap-on dildo she was packing. Olga�s mouth opened
in a sigh as her eyes bulged out in astonishment. She hadn�t noticed the long
phallic bulge in Ariel�s skirt- the strap-on cock lay right atop her closed
thighs as she sat down. Ariel and Olga only pecked lips at first, then lost all
restraint. With a crush of clothes and hissing intakes of breath, they went
after each other�s tongues. The only noise in the room was their nasal breath,
the liquid sound of slurping tongues... and the clicking or tinkling of
jewelry. After thrusting their tongues into each other�s mouths, working up a
glistening mass of saliva between them, Olga gasped �I want you to rape me! Rip
my clothes off! Shove your cock down my throat, make me gag on it! Then I want
you to sodomize me like the sleazy cock-hungry slag that I am! Do it!� Ariel
felt a wet heat suffuse her cunt and an unctuous cream oozing into the damp
gusset.

&nbsp;

Ariel
slipped into a vicious mode, snarling at Olga as she clutched her hair in one
hand and planted a resounding slap on her face with the other. Olga was stunned
by the blow. She looked dazed and startled. One of her earrings had been
knocked off her ear, and a bright red handprint shone on her cheek. Her face
was contorted with pain as Ariel gripped her hair ever tighter. Her eyes
watered and her makeup began to smear and run with her tears. Ariel took Olga�s
chin between her hand and squeezed her mouth into a distorted pout.
�Phhhttwwaaattt!� she hurled a wad of thick saliva across Olga�s face. A string
of the viscous slime hung over Olga�s parted lips. Her two front teeth were
sticking out like a chipmunk�s. Olga leaned forward as her head arced back. She
felt like a delinquent school girl being intimidated and abused by a vicious
headmistress. Ariel sniffed Olga�s panting breasts as they were thrust forward.
She could smell the acrid sweat of fear mingling with the cloying odor of a
rutting cunt. �So, you like it rough? I�ll give it to you rough, you filthy
slut! I�ll really hurt you if I have to!� 

&nbsp;

Ariel
simultaneously released her grip on Olga�s hair and pushed her down into the
couch. While rolling her over on her belly she grabbed her by the wrists, or,
more precisely, by the cuffs of her blouse, pulling her arms behind her. Olga
moaned and gasped. �Ouch! Owww! Hey! You�re really hurting me! Let
me...Urrrghhhhhh... mmmmpphhhhh!� Ariel shut the whore�s filthy mouth by
shoving her face into a cushion. This propelled Olga�s fat rump into
prominence, further raised because she instinctively drew in her knees in a
vain attempt to push herself up. Her back arched and she twitched her ass in
the air, trying to free her body from Ariel�s grasp.

&nbsp;

Ariel
held her down by the back of her head and by her neck- pushing against Ariel
only caused Olga further pain, and she could barely breath with her face shoved
into the cushion. In an instant, the mature, glamorous, sophisticated woman was
reduced to a whining girl. Her expensive jewelry was dangling ridiculously
around her, adding to the absurdity of her position. Her sharp stiletto heels
were pointing impotently in the air. She held herself rigid in this position as
Ariel pulled her head to one side. With her one visible eye turned to look at Ariel,
bulging and frightened, with her lips mashed beneath her, Olga moaned lightly
as Ariel sneered, �I�ll enjoy hurting you, bitch, if you try anything, so you
better not fight me.� Olga felt Ariel�s sharp nails digging into her soft
flesh. She twitched again, as if she wanted to free herself but suddenly
thought better of it. Olga was helplessly ensnared.

&nbsp;

Olga
began to plead with a pathetic, plaintive caterwaul... �Pleeease! Nooo!
Pleeease don�t hurt me! I�ll do anything you want, anything!� Ariel, whose
high-heeled shoe fell off as they grappled, pulled her torn stocking down and
tugged it off her foot. Her other hand still grasped Olga by the hair, so she
awkwardly twisted to reach her bent leg. Crusty, stained, cum-slick panties
were her first choice as a gag, but the sweaty heel of her stocking would be
degrading and smelly enough for Olga�s mouth. She pulled Olga�s head back, �Didn�t
I tell you to shut your filthy cocksucking mouth?� �What are... urrrr...� Glug!
�Mmmmppphhhh.... nnnnggggggg!� Ariel shoved the Cuban heeled foot between
Olga�s lips and pushed it in. She then wrapped the stocking around her head and
tied a knot at the nape of her neck. Olga moaned and pushed her head from side
to side, mashing it into the couch. Her ass settled down as Ariel lashed her
wrists together with a colorful Herm�s scarf. �There you are, you worthless
cunt, suck on my nasty feet while I strip you out of these pretentious,
stuck-up whore�s clothes!�

&nbsp;

Ariel
pulled Olga by the collar of her blouse, rolling her on her side. With her arms
tied behind her back, her blouse was stretched across her bulging tits. The
only sound was her gagged moans, the breath hissing through her nostrils, and
the clacking of pearls with her tinkling jewelry. She sat up in a
unintentionally provocative pose, not intending to further inflame Ariel�s
burning, sadistic lusts. The sight of such a haughty, glamorous, wealthy bitch
in a state of helpless vulnerability delighted her antagonist beyond measure. Ariel
savored the vision of Olga, pleading with her frightened eyes, hushed by a
filthy gag, the flashy glamour and ostentatious luxury of her clothes and
jewelry reduced to helplessness and abject submission. Ariel wanted to fuck
this sniveling little bitch raw, to make her bleat and squeal as she drove a
strap-on cock deep into her belly, then ramming her snotty, stuck-up ass with
the creamy cock until the digested remnants of her latest five-star dinner was
pushed back into her intestines.

&nbsp;

The
top buttons of her pink blouse had popped open, revealing a sweat-slick
cleavage adorned by the lace trim of her cami. Olga�s pearls were slung over
her shoulder, a result of her struggles beneath Ariel, though a red mark
indicated where the pendant of her gold necklace had pinched her soft
tit-flesh. With Olga leaning forward, Ariel daintily unfastened more buttons of
the blouse, as if she was savoring the slow revelation of what lay beneath.
With the pink blouse gaping open to the waist, Ariel unbuttoned the cami with
equal relish. She accompanied the slow work of her fingers with cajoling
flattery in an exaggerated, throaty purr, �Such creamy breasts, so firm and yet
so soft...� running the sharp edge of her fingernail across the milky skin, �I
can�t wait to sink my teeth into these.� Ariel dipped her head into the
opening, breathing the warm scents of Olga�s breasts as she kissed the silky
skin and licked the moist cleavage. When she withdrew her tongue, Ariel could
still smell and taste the cloying perfume, the faint salty perspiration and the
milky skin.

&nbsp;

Pushing
the blouse and cami aside, hooking them on the outer edges of Olga�s breasts,
she pulled the brassiere down. Olga�s enormous nipples popped out, and as the
bra was pushed further down, the globes of her tits bounced from the
constraints of the DD cups. The flesh rippled under its own weight. Ariel
fastened her mouth to a nipple, alternately switching her caresses from one
breast to the other. The nipples swelled as she took them gently between her
teeth, teasing Olga, flicking her tongue at the imprisoned tips. Ariel amused
herself by biting down on them, turning Olga�s muffled moans into a squeal, or
making her torso surge and heave against her mouth.

&nbsp;

Ariel
pushed Olga onto her belly again, and pressed her hips into Olga�s ass. Olga
felt the menacing strap-on dildo resting against her ass cleavage. Bending over
Olga, Ariel reached under her and felt her soft belly palpitate with fear and
arousal. With her clothes and jewelry in disarray, her face smeared with snot,
sweat, spit and make-up, Olga was beginning to rut like a bitch in heat,
pleading to be mounted by twitching her fat rump in the air. Olga�s cunt and
ass burned with a furious urgency, itching for penetration. Her eyes were
popping out of her head. Ariel�s hands wandered from Olga�s breasts, across her
ribcage, cushioned by her thick flesh, over her satin-soft belly and finally to
the buckle of her designer belt. The sensation of Ariel�s fingers, as she
unfastened the belt and popped the buttons, was agonizing.

&nbsp;

Olga
wanted to be masturbated, but she couldn�t finger her clit with her arms tied
behind her. Instead, she rotated her hips and torso like a dancer. Ariel
brought these lewd contortions to an abrupt end when she roughly pulled the
slacks off Olga�s hips. Olga�s fleshy body jumped back with the force of Ariel
stripping her. She was being tossed around like a slab of beef. With the slacks
bunched around her knees, the panties were pulled down to join them. These were
left stretched across Olga�s thighs. From Ariel�s perspective, looking down on
Olga�s marmoreal, globular buttocks, her swollen cunt was puckered out between
her thighs with her pink asshole shining in the rosy crack just above it.

&nbsp;

Ariel
pulled Olga back, partially lifting her, until her thighs fell over the arm of
the couch. Her fat ass was propped in the air with her face pressed into the
cushions. The toes of her stiletto high-heels were planted on the floor. Ariel
began preparing her by slapping her cheeks, patting her pussy and masturbating
her- being careful not to stimulate her too much, but fingering her pussy and
playing with the folds of her inner lips. She spat in the crevice and rubbed
the sticky saliva around with her index and middle fingers. Olga�s clit was
erect and protruding like a cock with a raging hard-on. With her body forming
an inverted V, Olga�s breasts were rolling underneath her as Ariel began to dry
hump her.

&nbsp;

The
strap-on cock was nestled in between Olga�s buttocks, sliding up and down the
crack with each slow stroke of Ariel�s hips. Their jewelry tinkled and clacked
with the motions of their bodies, particularly Ariel�s- Olga�s necklace was
coiled around her head and she wore only one earring. Ariel�s earrings warbled
and her pearls clacked as they swayed over her bouncing tits. She stopped her
taunting dry hump to pull a silver stiletto from her purse. Olga�s one exposed
eye was bulged out like a frightened cow�s, turning back to watch Ariel
fondling her stiletto. Her sudden fright at seeing the flashing blade changed
to relief as Ariel cut the scarf binding her wrists. Olga�s arms flew rapidly
underneath her as she frantically went for her nipples and clit. Her body
bounced with the movement, swaying her torso back and forth to fit her arms
beneath her. Her ass bobbled enticingly. Ariel swung her hand as hard as she
could, slapping Olga�s ass with a loud meaty �SMACK!� Olga growled through the
gag.

&nbsp;

�Do
you want me to shove my cock in your pussy, slut?� Ariel sneered. Olga�s
plaintive mewling indicated a positive answer. �So pink and fluffy inside! Your
lips are so purple and bloated!� Ariel watched Olga�s manicured, bejeweled
fingers furiously masturbating her clit and pussy. She alternated with her
other hand, which was pinching her nipples and kneading her breasts. Olga
slipped her creamy fingers in her mouth as soon as Ariel pulled out the slimy
gag. �Ohhh... Ahhhhh... Mmmmmmmmm!� she mewled, with the spit-soaked, slick
Cuban heel discarded next to her. Olga�s lips slapped and slurped as she
devoured the pussy juice from her fingers. �Make my cock nice and slick, you
horny little cunt, so it�ll slip right inside,� Ariel purred in her throaty
voice. Leaning against the couch, Ariel pushed the strap-on cock into Olga�s
face. She had to twist her back to lift her face off the cushions.

&nbsp;

Lying
on her right cheek, she took the cock between her lips and began to fellate it
noisily. The sound of her growls and the wet slurping filled the room. Olga
gurgled as the head reached the back of her throat. She suppressed a few
retching gags and sucked the wet cock back down. Ariel taunted her, �You�re a
natural little cocksucking whore, aren�t you? I bet you worked as a five-dollar
whore, you cheap slut! Nasty cocksucking twat!� Olga sucked and slurped on it,
drawing in the foamy spit, gasping, exhaling, snorting, making a very loud
production out of this frothy cocksucking exercise. The shaft had turned to a
pinkish-red from Olga�s lipstick and the scum was so thick it seemed as if Ariel�s
cock had pumped a thick load of cum-snot into her mouth. Olga was so wet with
sweat, slime and smeared cosmetics that she looked as if her face was
underwater. Her eyes bulged out in a glassy, bovine stare. The dilated pupils
resembled those of frightened prey about to be slain.

&nbsp;

�You
have such a pretty little pussy,� Ariel purred, �such a delicious jelly roll
with that sweet frosting... Mmmmmm... too bad I�m going to pound that pink meat
so hard and deep you�ll be walking knock-kneed for a week! Oh, don�t worry you
mealy-mouthed little slut, I�m going to burst that cherry in your ass, too,
MMMmmmm yes, I�m going to enjoy reaming your snotty, stuck-up ass!� Olga�s
fingers were vigorously masturbating her cunt and clitoris, stopping the
finger-fucking momentarily to give her sopping kitty a few hard, wet slaps. She
stood up, with one hand in her cunt, the other holding her slacks up high
enough for her to waddle over to a table. With her necklaces swaying in the
open front of her blouse, her breasts bouncing and her torso bent forward, Olga
laid back on the table. Ariel tugged the slacks off her left leg, leaving them
dangling from her ankle. Her panties she cut away and tossed aside. Olga spread
her thighs open. Ariel slipped in between and dipped the cock head into Olga�s
glistening pink folds. Olga�s blouse was open with her nipples sticking in the
air. As Ariel�s strap-on cock pushed towards Olga�s uterus, her hips began
pumping faster and harder. Olga�s breasts and belly bounced and rolled with the
force of the thrusts. She began blowing up her cheeks, huffing and squealing as
if she were in labor.

&nbsp;

Ariel�s
strap-on cock was burying itself deep in Olga�s womb with wet squishing pops.
She was standing between Olga�s outstretched thighs, pumping into that pink
flesh as if she were trying to deliver a hot wad of cum into the rear of Olga�s
uterine canal, shoving the head ever deeper into her belly. The cock was
sloshing around in her pink cunt. Olga�s cunt was gurgling! Ariel leaned into
Olga, grabbed her tits, slapped them, pulling or pinching the nipples... both
of them moaning and growling with increasing intensity. Streams of perspiration
rolled down Ariel�s face and torso. Her hair was sticking to her scalp with
sweat. Ariel pulled out the strap-on cock as Olga pleaded, �Fuck me on my
belly! Fuck me like a sow! Do it to me!� Olga rolled over on her belly and
snapped her fat rump in the air. The glistening pink cunt folds opened wide.
Olga�s matted black pussy hair was shining with juices. A pearly streamlet
dribbled down her thighs and belly, tickling her clitoris. Ariel watched Olga�s
fingers reaching through and spreading the lips open for her dripping cock.
Olga�s pearls rattled on the table. Her blouse was still on, rucking up under
her tits, with her fat cunt framed by the garter belt and straps. She was
moaning, �Ngggggg... Ahhhhhh... Ohhhhhh... come on, give it to me, shove that
cock in my hot pink pussy!�

&nbsp;

Ariel
was ready to plunge her cock into something much hotter and tighter than Olga�s
gurgling wet cunt. She startled Olga by pressing the slimy knob of her cock
into her clenched asshole, pushing forcefully past the resistance of her
contracting sphincter muscle. Olga�s eyes widened in pain and astonishment. She
growled and moaned, clawing the air and snarling her teeth into a ridiculous
grimace. She had fingered her asshole sometimes while having vaginal sex or
when she masturbated, but she�d never had a cock shoved into her ass before.
The sensation was entirely different from being fucked in her cunt. It was
tight and painful and sent hot surges through her bowels. Her mouth went wide
at the feeling that she needed to shit. She felt her sphincter muscles clamping
down on the cock invading her hot rump.

&nbsp;

�Owww...
Owwwwww... Ohh, it hurts! Ohh, you�re hurting me!,� she whined, but when Ariel�s
relentless ass-reaming continued, driving the fat knob deeper into Olga�s
boiling rectum, Olga only gasped and growled. She started talking
nonsensically, thinking of nothing but the fat cock stretching out her most
intimate passage... �Please, oh please, hot, pain, nasty... puta! Puta! Oh
Mami! I need to shit! Caca... Ca... ca... Ohhhhhh!... rrrrrrrrrRRRR!!!� Ariel pulled
out and watched the dilated sphincter pulsate. It was wet and shiny pink, with
a blackness in the center leading into her rectum. She plugged it again, pulled
out, plugged it, repeating this as Olga expelled the gas in her intestines with
a series of blubbering farts. The knob came out muddy and Olga felt it pushing
into some hard turds inside her. With her eyes alternately rolling back or
squeezing shut, she growled with the hard pressure in her rump. �I can�t hold
it in any longer... Grrrrrrr!� Olga rolled off the table and click-clacked on
her heels into the toilet. Ariel wanted to humiliate her and toy with her, not
to provide her with orgasms. Their session was finished and Ariel quickly
reviewed the details of their rendez-vous on the pier. Olga felt cheated,
though she later released a multiple orgasm by masturbating herself in her car.
She couldn�t allow herself to be distracted by the furious itch in her cunt.
The painful burning she felt deep in her ass was another matter.

&nbsp;

4.

&nbsp;

An
icy wind swept across the harbor. It was a cloudless night, bitterly cold, and
the turbulent water was splashing hard against the pilings. The sight of two
luxury automobiles, occupied by four glamorous ladies, formed a striking
contrast to the bleakness of the pier and the dilapidated state of the
buildings. The ladies were all swathed in thick furs to keep warm. They had
each allowed the other a backup for protection. Ariel brought a hefty young
brunette with her, Natalia, who guarded her transactions in the diamond
district and had once stopped an attempted robbery single-handed. She was
short, oily-skinned and tattooed, a tough bulldyke who concealed her true
nature beneath soft clothes, feminine makeup and designer sunglasses which she
wore even at night. She spoke with a Russian accent, and her voice was deep
enough to be mistaken occasionally for a boy�s- deep and throaty, but with a
feminine undercurrent. Natalia was a consummate professional like her mistress.
Though both were avowed Lesbians, their relationship was never anything but
business-like. They worked together with that kind of unspoken understanding
that some people have.

&nbsp;

Olga
brought her friend Jewel, a fiery redhead, thick-lipped and ox-eyed like her
mistress, though much shorter in height. She only spoke in Spanish. Jewel was
feminine and very beautiful, impressing those who met her with an air of quiet
timidity. Jewel seemed to be no match for Natalia if the deal went bad and
things got violent.

&nbsp;

Olga
and Ariel promptly arrived at their rendez-vous point. Olga pulled her Jaguar
though a door to the warehouse, left open according to the arrangements. She
drove in with her headlights on, illuminating the dirty loading bays. The place
clearly had not been used in many years, with pools of grease, empty crates,
pigeon droppings, filthy broken windows, and other signs of prolonged neglect.
The windows had all been sealed with caulk and painted over, with the exception
of some skylights so covered in filth that light could barely penetrate them.
Despite her fears, Olga was armed and made other provisions for safety. She
didn't just drive around haphazardly with 75K in jewelry stashed in her car,
although these meetings were almost routine for her. Her thoughts were focused
on the 15K profit she would make with this deal- not one her most lucrative
deals, but the take was still far above average.

&nbsp;

Ariel
pulled in immediately behind her. She and Natalia were in an Astin Martin with
plush red leather upholstery. With no intention of actually spending it, they
carried a briefcase containing $60K in crisp one-hundred dollar bills. They
were also armed to the teeth. The exhaust spewed clouds of steam into the
warehouse, which wafted in the air after the engines were shut off. Their
breaths steamed in the cold. Ariel opened the trunk of her car, pulled out the
briefcase, and called to Olga to bring out her diamonds. Natalia walked up and
showed Olga the cash, without speaking a word, her face expressionless.
Snapping the case shut, she walked back to the car and replaced it in the
trunk. Jewel set up a small table and Olga placed her cases on top of it. One
at a time, she opened them and allowed Ariel to evaluate the diamonds with a
loupe. This demonstration was not intended for show- she needed to confirm that
Olga had brought quality diamonds and not some inferior ones.

&nbsp;

With
Natalia and Jewel looking on, Ariel pulled out glittering diamonds, some of
them mounted on necklaces or earrings. Ariel pretended her intention was to
have them re-mounted. Some discussions, carried on in a hushed tone, seemed to
get heated. The quality of one of the diamonds was being disputed. Olga was
furious at the thought her deal might be cut by $5K over a particularly large
25-karat diamond. Ariel claimed it had a defect, that part of its edge had been
cut to conceal it. Jewel seemed to be upset to the point of tears and Natalia
glared at the scene with her lips pursed. In fact, Ariel had memorized the cut
and quality from photographs she examined and she had just confirmed this large
diamond was pilfered from the syndicate. The cunning little bitch must have
replaced that one with an inferior lookalike, to sell the better diamond for
her own profit.

&nbsp;

Once
the diamonds were confirmed to be the property of the syndicate, Ariel called
Natalia over with the suitcase of cash. The deal, Olga thought, was going
through despite the difference of opinion on the large diamond. Her heart raced
as she thought of all that cash. In her mind�s eye, she was perusing the shops
of Fendi, Chanel and Versace. Greed made her panties as thoroughly wet as
sexual arousal. She actually felt her nipples and clitoris grow erect, not at
the memory of her earlier session with Ariel but at the cash she was drooling
over. With her thoughts on the shopping she anticipated, Olga was oblivious to
the fact that a contract killing on her was now underway. Natalia had reached
into her fur coat to retrieve a nickel-plated automatic. Ariel was going to
subdue Jewel as Natalia took care of Olga. The plan was to subdue them and take
them to another location without witnesses and without leaving behind forensic
evidence. The pier was too risky, and besides, they had been seen and
presumably videotaped entering the dockyards. With tinted windows, they were
not concerned about the fact four women came in, two to a car, and only two
were leaving- their intended hits tied up in the trunk of Olga�s Jaguar, with
Natalia at the wheel. In her heavy furs and designer sunglasses, she would
hardly be recognizable on a grainy tape.

&nbsp;

As
Olga was packing up her diamonds, Natalia approached her with the automatic
aimed at her head. �Don�t make a move, bitch, or I�ll shoot!,� she warned, and
Olga dropped one of the cases. Diamonds tinkled out on the filthy floor. Her
eyes widened and she couldn�t speak. She was completely stunned and froze in
place. A hot liquid gushed into her panties and she felt the heat running down
her thigh. Olga had pissed herself out of sheer terror and panic. Natalia
sniffed the ammoniac smell of fear as she pushed the barrel of her automatic
under Olga�s chin. She regained her composure enough to stammer out, �Are
you... you... rob... rob... bing m-me?� Natalia told her to shut up and lay
down. Olga was loathe to lay on the ice-cold, filthy floor in her expensive
furs and luxurious clothes, but she did not wish to find out the alternative.
She avoided the urine that had splashed beneath her feet. With the cold barrel
of the automatic pressed hard against the back of Olga�s ear, Natalia used her
other hand to loop a cord around her wrists. It had been tied in a loop that
could be tightened by pulling on one end. She tugged it hard enough to lift
Olga�s waist off the floor momentarily. She put the automatic in her pocket for
a moment so the cord could be tied tightly.

&nbsp;

Ariel
had little difficulty in subduing Jewel- she huddled in a crouch with her hands
against her face as soon as the automatics were drawn. With tears rolling down
her face, Jewel complied with Ariel�s instructions. She mumbled something in
incoherent Spanish as she lay on her belly with her hands tied behind her back.
Jewel began to shiver with fear and cold. Olga was pulled to her feet. As
Natalia gathered the diamonds that had scattered on the floor, Ariel kept her
automatic aimed at Olga.

&nbsp;

Olga
was still uncertain what was happening. Was Ariel doing this over the disputed
diamond? Was she being robbed? Would Ariel actually harm her? Olga knew she
must be a filthy mess after lying on that greasy cold floor, not to mention the
dark stain that ran from her wet crotch down her thighs. She had cleaned
herself up and reapplied her makeup following her fuck session, yet she knew
the smell of sex and sweat must have permeated her clothes. An extra spritz of
perfume couldn�t have helped much. If greed couldn�t work on Ariel, she�d try
sex. Olga pleaded with Ariel, promising her money and sex, �Ariel, why are you
doing this? Didn�t we have a good time together? We could be wealthy if we work
together, filthy rich... with my connections... I don�t under...� Ariel,
cutting her off mid-sentence, didn�t believe for a moment that Olga would ever
make her a cent, other than the money she was to be paid to eliminate her, but
she was such a delicious fuck! Ariel couldn�t resist toying with her. After
all, she had literally fucked the shit out of her earlier in the day. With
Jewel moaning on the floor, Ariel called out �Natalia! Gag that stupid cunt! I
can�t take that mewling anymore!� Ariel looked over her recent lover, licking
her lips.

&nbsp;

Under
her sable fur coat, Olga was still wearing the gray pantsuit. The shirt tail on
the right side was pulled out, the collar was stained with her sweat and
smeared makeup, and there were greasy stains from the floor. Her hair was
disheveled and her face tear-stained. Her nose was runny as a result of this
ordeal. The most atrocious aspect of her appearance was the dark wet stain
where she had burst her bladder inside her clothes. Even in Olga�s soiled
condition, Ariel wanted to fuck her again. Natalia was told to gag and hog-tie
Jewel and stuff her in the trunk of the Jag. Ariel wanted a few moments of
privacy with her latest fuck toy and intended victim.

&nbsp;

Ariel
walked a circle around Olga, whispering smutty comments along with abuse.
�Little bitchy girl wet her panties, huh? Did I scare you that much, Olga?
You�re such an anal slut, aren�t you, you like it when it hurts?� Olga didn�t
answer but only bit her lip and nodded her head. She was docile as a kitten. Ariel
ran her lips along Olga�s neck, ending by taking her earlobe between her teeth.
Her hand slipped into Olga�s blouse, reaching inside to pinch a nipple. Her
lips were trembling, but she encouraged Ariel, �Yes, oh yesss... I want you to
fuck me again...� Ariel fingered Olga�s pearls before popping the top buttons
of her blouse. She was purring in her ear, �Such a beautiful set of pearls,
Olga... I�d like to stuff them in your pink pussy and pull them out one by
one... I want that pretty pink pussy of yours in my mouth... your nipples are
so hard! You really want my cock don�t you? I gutted you like a pig with that
fat cock, didn�t I? Such a naughty little slut you are!�

&nbsp;

Natalia
had finished packing Jewel off and she stood next to the Jag, concealing her
impatience. After several minutes of watching their foreplay, Natalia spoke up,
�Look, Ariel, we have to get out of here! They�re waiting for us and we�re
already an hour late. Let�s pack up that whore you�re playing with and get
moving!� Ariel was her superior and was rarely addressed in this way. Natalia
had never seen Ariel�s lusts take her over during an assignment like this. She
regarded Olga as a worthless whore to be disposed of, not something for their
sexual enjoyment. Sensing danger, she reacted. Ariel seemed to snap out of her
raptures and resumed what she had intended to do. Olga was shoved on the nasty
floor and gagged with a scarf while Natalia lashed her legs together. She
growled into the gag as they dragged her to the rear of the Jag. Lifting her,
one at her head the other at her feet, they had to swing her in the air and
count �1,2,3... Heave!� to get her into the trunk. She landed half atop her
squirming assistant.

&nbsp;

5.

&nbsp;

Before
they had a chance to close the lid, Ariel was startled by a noise. She saw
movement in her peripheral vision. She turned to see what it was... �PFFFT!�
and an instantaneous sharp metallic �PING!!� Ariel realized someone fired a
shot into the car, using a silencer. This was followed immediately by a second
�PING!!� Her heart seemed to skip several beats and she gulped hard. A woman�s
throaty voice called to her, �Don�t move an inch or the next shot�s for you.� Ariel
saw a red laser light as she turned in the direction of the voice. It was
pointing straight at her. Natalia made a sudden grab for her automatic. Ariel
heard a hollow thump, followed by the sound of Natalia dropping hard on the
floor. She had fallen flat on her back and was staring vacantly at the ceiling,
gasping irregularly.

&nbsp;

Ariel
felt a rush of heat in her panties as a molten hot fluid ran down her thighs
and pitter-pattered on the floor. Simultaneously all her blood seemed to rush
from her body, leaving her dizzy and flushed with cold. She gasped out air
while a squishing load filled the seat of her panties with a hot oily lump. It
was so silent in the room that she heard the tinkling in her panties and a
sticky noise from her ass. Ariel stood motionless with her knees liquefying and
her tongue stuck in her mouth like a lump of glue, emptying her bladder and
bowels in her clothes. She was paralyzed by sheer, abject terror. Ariel had
seen her victims like this before- now it was she who was the prey. Ariel knew
that in an instant she could be joining her assistant on the floor. In a matter
of moments Natalia�s gurgling had stopped- she was dead, staring at the ceiling
with a look of surprise and terror frozen into her face.

&nbsp;

Olga
had taken extraordinary precautions for this diamond deal, having been aware of
Ariel�s ruthlessness. She was aware of a rumor that one of her associates had
cheated her and subsequently vanished- she hadn�t fled with the money, but was
assassinated by Ariel or her syndicate accomplices. The body was never
discovered. Olga had arranged for a boat to dock at an adjacent pier. She would
keep in communication with this backup and kept a �panic button� in her coat.
Once activated, this would alert the boat that a problem had arisen- such as a
robbery. The weather had been unexpectedly bad and the harbor was very
turbulent. Olga knew they were delayed because she had received a text message
on her cellphone to that effect, just as she was driving up to the pier.

&nbsp;

Once
Ariel and Natalia had drawn their automatics, Olga knew she needed to stall for
time. She had managed to activate the alarm, and two hired bodyguards would
soon rush the warehouse. The prior evening, they had familiarized themselves
with the layout and cut the locks on two rear doors- a silent point of entry if
the need arose. Olga had chosen two women with paramilitary experience- Carla
and Milana, both of whom had been bodyguards for diplomats in South America.
Carla had once helped to thwart an assassination attempt on the Peruvian
ambassador. They were normally hired out by a private security firm, but this
assignment was a freelance job.

&nbsp;

The
two bodyguards rushed Ariel and roughly searched her. Carla was talking in
Spanish as she rifled through Ariel�s clothes... �She stinks like a pig, this
slut...� then added in English, �We surprised you good, didn�t we, bitch?
You�re lucky we didn�t kill you.� They removed the stiletto, two automatics and
two spare magazines. Milana tied Ariel�s hands behind her back and stood her up
again. Ariel�s heels clicked on the floor. Muffled moans alerted them to where
Olga and Jewel were tied up in the Jag�s trunk. With Milana holding the barrel
of an automatic in Ariel�s left nostril, Carla untied her intended victims.

&nbsp;

Ariel
was gasping and sniffling in her fear. It was her turn to be the humiliated
prey. With her eyes fastened on Milana, Ariel was startled by the sound of high
heels clip-clopping in her direction with the intensity of a thoroughbred
racehorse. Turning towards the menacing sound, she saw the blur of Olga�s
bejeweled hand as it swiped her across the face. �SLAP!� The sound of it was
wet, fleshy and hollow. Her mouth actually popped from the force of it. She
fell sideways and landed in a crouch, trying to sit up with her hands tied
behind her. Her eyes were glassy and startled, staring at nothingness... she
had resigned herself to destruction at the hands of her former antagonist. A
trickle of blood ran from the corner of her mouth. Olga took her head in her
hands, grabbing her by the hair, and spit in her face... �Bitch! Cunt! Asshole!
Did you think you could get away with this? Did you think you could do this to
me? You pea-brained, stupid cunt!� Olga growled and planted her sharp
high-heeled toe in Ariel�s shivering flesh. She refused to plead with Olga. Her
eyes were those of a subdued prey waiting for the lethal stroke.

&nbsp;

Jewel
was shivering in the front seat of the Jag, barely cognizant of the drama
taking place before her. The cars were started and the door opened. Olga
instructed Milana to tie the bitch up and stuff her in the Jag, while Carla was
revving up the Astin Martin. �We�ve got to get out of here fast!,� Carla said,
urging Olga to jump in the driver�s seat and get moving. She dragged Natalia
out to the pierside, pushing her over. Her body made a loud splash and was
taken away by the rapid current. Carla then returned to the boat, speeding away
through the rough harbor. Milana was to stay with Ariel in the Jag, following
Olga. Milana had been distracted while trussing up Ariel. This provided Ariel
with a futile opportunity to flee. With her hands tied behind her and a cord
dangling from her left heel, Ariel dashed for the open door. Looking back at
her pursuer, she rammed into the sharp edge of the door and collapsed,
thrashing and squealing in terror. Her legs flailed in the air as she struggled
to get back on her feet, turning to see if Milana was going to catch her. If
not for the urgency of the situation, Olga would have laughed at this comical
attempt to flee. With Milana rushing at her, Ariel bounded awkwardly to her
feet and vanished into the darkness. Milana suddenly stopped. She was startled
by a loud �plunk� in the water. Ariel had ran right off the pier!

&nbsp;

This
development further panicked Olga and her clique. They heard Carla speed away
in the motorboat, Ariel had joined Natalia in the harbor, and Jewel was a
whimpering idiot. They sped away and hit the turnpike. Carla and Milana took
their pay and vanished to South America. Jewel also vanished for several
days... evidently this experience proved too much for her, though she later
rejoined Olga in the diamond district. The newspapers reported the story of a
glamorous lady pulled from the harbor, partially bound. She was identified as Ariel
Petranilla, a wealthy diamond merchant�
Her ex-husband had barely recognized her body when he was summoned to
identify her- her milky, distorted eyes were bulged out and crossed in a
hideous, sightless stare... her enormous swollen tongue protruded grotesquely.
He recognized her by the jewelry she wore and by a small tattoo on her lower
back. Horrified by Ariel�s fate, he joined her former associates in posting a
$75,000 reward for any information leading to the killer. Furthermore, her
assistant Natalia Tigrov was missing and presumed dead.

&nbsp;

The
syndicate was closing in on Olga and she feared for her life. They knew what
had happened- or at least they were aware of Olga�s responsibility. The
diamonds were never recovered and the $60K was missing. Severe retribution was
only a matter of time. There were meathooks, hungry fish or smelting pots
waiting for those responsible. Olga promptly liquidated her assets, sold her
house at a bargain price and left for South America. The syndicate took Jewel
as its consolation prize. Olga may have slipped from their grasp, but Jewel was
found in a sack two months later, the last victim of this vicious little
diamond war.

&nbsp;

Part 2.

&nbsp;

Jillian Barbieri. Ariel�s
Favorite Hit.

&nbsp;

A Prequel to �Hitwoman.�

&nbsp;

Ariel
slipped into the silky embrace of her stretch tweed suit. She never wore slips
or camisoles. Her dresses and suits were always lined with slippery silks and
satins that kissed her body. Ariel kept her pampered flesh enveloped in layers
of luxury. She was dripping with jewels and swimming in haute couture.
Literally dressed to kill, Ariel carefully placed her loaded .25 caliber
automatic in a custom made holster stitched into her Fendi purse. After
checking her makeup in the mirror, she touched up her lips with ruby red
lipstick. They matched her nails. A heavy gloss was applied to her lips. Ariel�s
panties were already sticky with cream, both at the anticipation of her next
hit and from the slow ritual of dressing her oversexed body. She savored the
whisper of silk and lace as she moved, bathing in the sensuous warmth of her
sable fur coat. For Ariel, dressing her body was a masturbatory experience. She
was not only a narcissistic sensualist, but an icy, calculating sadist.

&nbsp;

Forty
miles away at a rural estate, another voluptuous woman was completing a similar
ritual. Jillian enjoyed the feel of crisp, crackling new clothes as she tried
on the different outfits that were brought out for her. She was sharing the
floor-length mirror with Anne. As Jillian shrugged into a tight riding jacket,
the tags hanging off the sleeve, Anne was buttoning up her blouse over a bright
pink scarf. She tied it around her throat and savored the crisp, slippery silk
dipped in her sweaty cleavage. As Anne adjusted the collar, Jillian leaned over
her shoulder and planted a slow kiss on a patch of exposed, milky flesh.
Jillian�s lips seemed to burn her. Anne clasped her blouse at the throat with
an instinctive, protective gesture. She moaned. �Not now, look at all these
clothes we�ve still got to try on...�

&nbsp;

Jillian
ran her hands around Anne and pressed her tits and mound into her back, while
her hands ran over the buttons fastening the silk blouse tight over Anne�s
tummy. Jillian loved to rub the buttoned silk over Anne�s soft belly. She loved
to slowly unfasten the buttons and kiss and lick the satiny skin before going
down into her searing hot cunt. �I just want to strip you and ravish you right
here...� �Oh, Jillian, your such a bitch-in-heat!� Anne replied, turning around
and pecking a kiss on Jillian�s lips. �Sweetie, we�ve got a date planned for
later... in my bedroom, so just wait. I�ve done some shopping of my own and I
have some surprises in store for you.� Jillian gulped. Her lips parted and she
let out a little �ughh.� She could nearly orgasm just like that. Anne never
knew a woman who was so... orgasmic.
Their purrs and meows came to an abrupt end as Tammi walked in with another
jacket for Jillian to try on.

&nbsp;

In
a serious tone, Anne asked, �What do you think of the blue blouse, in
charmeuse?� Jillian was too distracted to answer. Tammi was lusting after
Jillian, going to bed each night with memories of Jillian�s perfumes, her musky
sweat, her pouty, sensual lips and languorous eyes... and the occasional sight
of Jillian�s nude or lingerie-clad body. Tammi seethed with jealousy whenever
she caught Anne�s little attentions... the stolen kisses, the pats, the
embraces they overtly shared. Tammi�s jealous impulses were equally shared
between the two lovers... she hated Anne for being Jillian�s lover, and hated
Jillian for loving Anne. One late evening, Tammi was delighted when the two
Lezzie lovers were smacking each other and pulling each other�s hair, only to
be shattered as she watched them collapse in each other�s arms for a furious
bout of lovemaking.

&nbsp;

Ms.
Jillian Barbieri had an insatiable appetite for thoroughbred racehorses.
Jillian was addicted to the horse races and to sex, but it was the horses that
required more money than she possessed- that, and expensive clothes. Her
shopping trips were extravagant, and she occasionally flew to Paris or Milan,
returning with bags of dresses, lingerie, scarves, gloves, boots, all from the
most upscale boutiques. She preferred London for her riding apparel. If it was
sexual sadism that turned against Ariel, for Jillian it was her insatiable
greed- and Tammi�s seething jealousy...

&nbsp;

Tammi
managed the accounts for Jillian and knew all the lurid details of her shady
deals. She had continually funneled syndicate money from the horses into a
Swiss bank account. Over a period of four years, Tammi knew the figure was in
excess of $450,000. After Jillian rebuffed her advances at a drunken dinner
party, threatening her in a condescending manner, Tammi informed the syndicate
and provided photocopies of some incriminating pages from Jillian�s account
books. Tammi left town and vanished.

&nbsp;

As
Jillian headed for her appointment, a hot gluey paste was oozing into her tight
silk panties. Her nipples swelled painfully inside her tight push-up bra. Her
engorged breasts were bloating in the confines of her bustier. She wanted to
masturbate. Ariel was feeling similar sensations- wet panties, throbbing
nipples, a hot sweat. Both were driven by their impulses- greed for one, the
prospect of buying a winning racehorse or a designer suit; and for the other,
smashing that beautiful doll and savoring its death throes. Ariel had been
provided with several photographs of Jillian- one was taken at her office,
wearing a classic pantsuit with heels, one of the others was at a Halloween
party, where Jillian had dressed as a vampiress, replete with black corset,
leather pants and a riding crop.

&nbsp;

Ariel
immediately noticed Jillian�s thick, sensual lips and her large bust- a 38DD.
Jillian had a very light, creamy complexion, with long black hair. One feature Ariel
couldn�t see from the photos was Jillian�s protuberant rump. That gelatinous
ass was high-slung and deeply cleft. Jillian�s deeply sloping back and slightly
knock-kneed legs brought that meaty ass into even greater prominence. Sodomites
descended into a furious rut at the mere sight of it in jeans; sadists were
overwhelmed with the urge to slap it, spank it or whip it to jelly. Tribades
and frotteurs felt their hips involuntarily jerk with the impulse to hump the
fleshy ass of Ms Jillian Barbieri. Whether covered in a hard shell of rough
denim, jeans that liquefied as her ass wobbled inside, or draped in a soft silk
slip, framed in garters and stockings, the thick doughy ass-flesh softened the
harder muscle underneath. Most women�s asses will incite lust when they crouch
down and thrust it out by drawing in their knees or bending over something-
that rotund mass of fat and flesh has an incredible power to bewitch. Some
believe that the natural position for coitus is doggystyle and that missionary
is an aberration of nature. That may partially explain the power of a woman�s
rump to arouse.

&nbsp;

There
are various theories to explain the attractive power of breasts, bellies and
other erotogenous features of the female body- whether a thick belly and big
breasts means healthier babies, or a round, protuberant� ass evokes the sight of a woman bent over in
preparation for doggie-style penetration- the �natural� way. Jillian�s rump was
unusual in its dimensions- her 38-inch measurement was projected outwards from
her rear and was not due to the width of her hips- which were quite narrow-
they gyrated and pivoted enticingly as she walked. Jillian displayed a rolling,
bouncy buttocks thrust in one direction with the perfect counterbalance of her
heaving chest on the other. She was a walking, living wet dream and Jillian
knew just how to dress that body of hers.

&nbsp;

When
Ariel saw Jillian in the flesh, her cunt pulsed hard and her nipples snapped
upright. Her sexual nerves buzzed. She had arranged a clandestine meeting at
Jillian�s private horse stables. Jillian believed she was meeting a certain Ms
Foxe, a dealer in illegal horse steroids. Ariel cringed at the smell of horse
manure. It was an icy November morning and Jillian was training a young filly
she�d recently bought. The horse�s nostrils spewed clouds of steam like a
dragon. Jillian�s long blonde hair was pulled back into a French braid. Her
tightly-buttoned riding clothes accentuated her voluptuous figure. She wore knee-high
black riding boots, tan jodhpurs, and a tight white blouse adorned with a
Herm�s scarf she�d tucked inside like a cravat. A brown four-button jacket kept
her reasonably warm in the chilly morning air. As she dismounted, she tucked a
long black riding crop under her arm and removed her helmet and gloves.

&nbsp;

The
stables were deserted except for the neighing and winnying thoroughbreds.
Jillian escorted her new filly into its booth and talked to Ms Foxe about the
latest bets and races. Jillian had sent her hired hands to the opposite side of
her property to assure the privacy of her illicit transactions. Ms Foxe, that
is, Ariel�s assumed identity, stepped back and pulled the automatic from her
purse. Jillian�s eyes went wide at the sight of the chrome-plated automatic
with its sleek silencer. She opened her mouth but could not speak. Ariel had
time to spare and briefly explained to Jillian the reason she was being
�removed.� Ariel wanted to draw out the pleasure of watching her squirm.This
gave Jillian a few extra moments to regain her composure and plead for her
life. She tried seduction as a last pathetic resort. Her fingers unbuttoned her
blouse and popped out a milky white breast with its fat pink nipple. The
enormous breast jiggled enticingly. Jillian puckered her lips and ran her pink
tongue over her teeth. �Please... you can do anything you want with me... anything...� she whispered. Her voice
was suave and cajoling, with an underlying tone of desperate urgency.

&nbsp;

Ariel
gaped at Jillian�s beautiful breast and her sensuous mouth, imagining how she
might kiss... slow, passionate, hard, wet, with her tongue? Her face betrayed
the lustful passion that seethed within her. Her glassy eyes revealed more lust
and perversion than fear, even as she faced her executioner. A look of hope and
relief crossed Jillian�s face as she realized Ariel lusted for her. Her
clitoris tingled inside her tight jodhpurs. Jillian didn�t initially feel the
shot that killed her. She heard the �pfft� of the silencer and saw a whiff of
smoke. Warm blood oozed into her blouse. She looked down at the hole in her
chest before turning her eyes to Ariel with a stupefied gaze as if to ask
�Why?� Jillian dropped to her knees and stared blankly ahead. She fell back,
twisting her legs beneath her, and gurgled. Her body assumed a hideous posture,
convulsed one last time and went slack.

&nbsp;

Jillian�s
startled eyes were wide open, staring vacantly at the ceiling beams. An
expression of wonder and stupefaction was fixed in her lifeless body. Ariel
walked over to her latest victim and took one last look at that snowy breast
and pink nipple. She pushed the soft flesh of Jillian�s exposed breast into her
brassiere, buttoned the blouse and took her chin between her fingers. If the
circumstances were different, they�d have become lovers. Ariel kissed Jillian�s
still warm lips and wet mouth, staring into those sightless eyes. Ariel broke
off her kiss and savored the shocked expression frozen on Jillian�s face. Two
flies crawled into Jillian�s cloying mouth, attracted by the voluptuous body
that was already ripening. The sweet smell of adrenaline-saturated blood filled
the air. A thoroughbred neighed in its stall... another horse snorted. For
Jillian, Ariel�s icy lips delivered the kiss of death.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GabLez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





