BDSM Library - Iron Man




Iron Man
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young buff iron worker foreman trys out his Bisexual BDSM side and gets caught by his live in girl friend.







IronMan by SirBosk1

 
  Douglas B Stoxen
   jim
  2
  62
  2006-05-03T05:55:00Z
  2006-10-06T21:38:00Z
  2006-10-06T21:38:00Z
  1
  8531
  48632
   CitiGroup
  405
  114
  57049
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








IronMan by SirBosk1

� 2006 SirBosk1

&nbsp;

This
story is a fantasy that contains scenes of bondage, spanking, caning,
strapping, humiliation, sex between men of adult age, and other erotic
activities involving male and female adults. If such subjects are offensive,
uninteresting or if you are a minor (i.e., child) please leave now.

&nbsp;

All
persons, names, places, events, and descriptions, are purely fictional. Any
resemblance to actual persons, names, places, events, or descriptions, is
totally unintentional and a pure coincidence. This work is copyright by the
author and commercial use is prohibited without written permission from the
author. 

&nbsp;

Personal/private
copies are permitted only if complete, including the copyright notice. The
author would appreciate your comments �pro and con, including constructive criticism,
and suggestions. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
1 - First Meeting

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

WOOOSH�� THWACK!

&nbsp;

MMMMPPH!
AAAAAHHHH! OOOOHHH!

&nbsp;

Within
seconds, the characteristic double welt from a rattan cane appeared, an angry,
blood red mark. It ran from the middle of his snow white muscular right ass
cheek across the cleft to the middle of the left. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
the matter iron man, did that hurt?&quot; asked the cane wielding man,
chuckling. 

&nbsp;

MMMMPPH!�� MMMMPPH!

&nbsp;

Ten
seconds later, WOOOSH�� THWACK!

&nbsp;

Again
the big muscular man groaned, a penis gag holding his tongue down. He was
struggling not to choke on the 3 inch silicone penis held flush with his lips
and deep into his mouth by the leather and Velcro straps. 

&nbsp;

WOOOSH�� THWACK!

&nbsp;

Another
bright red stripe appeared across his ass, a half inch above and parallel to
the other two. 

&nbsp;

&quot;When
you begged me to forgive you for standing me up last month and agreed to do
anything to make amends, I told you to expect punishment. You begged me to
punish you, 'no limits' you said.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

IronMan
had been to The Master's home once before, a month prior. He had met The Master
online and had begged for weeks, to come over and try BDSM for the first time.
IronMan had a full time live in girl friend and had, for years, wondered what
it would be like to submit to another man, to test out his submissive bisexual
side. 

&nbsp;

The
Master, tired of all the one handed typist - wannabes online,� was reluctant to accept a man for training
that already had an established relationship. However, since he had nothing to
do for a few hours and the man did disclose the other relationship, maybe he
was legitimate. Maybe this would turn into a male and female submissive pair?
That had some promise. So, finally he relented and ordered IronMan to immediately
drop everything and come over. IronMan was told, now or never. &quot;Get your
ass over here now!&quot;

&nbsp;

Overjoyed,
IronMan jumped into his truck, drove the 10 minutes to The Master's home and
nervously rang the bell. 

&nbsp;

The
Master, a very experienced Top/Dominant about 45 years old, decided to go slow
with this good looking young novice. He had him come in and sit down on the red
Italian leather couch, gave him a soft drink and explained the basics of a BDSM
scene, safe words, soft and hard limits, etc. After explaining the boundaries
of the scene he intended, The Master asked if IronMan agreed. 

&nbsp;

Nervous,
but excited that everything he had fantasized about was about to happen,
IronMan eagerly agreed. 

&nbsp;

The
Master took him downstairs to the Dungeon, had him strip, handed him leather
cuffs and ordered him to put them on his wrists and ankles. 

&nbsp;

The
Master ordered him to kneel and put his hands on top of his head with his
fingers laced together. Inserting his highly polished leather boot between the
kneeling young man's knees, he directed, &quot;feet together, knees spread
wide, back straight, head up.&quot; When he was satisfied with the position,
The Master started walking slowly around the young trembling novice, inspecting
the young man. 

&nbsp;

IronMan
was a good name for this twenty-five year old novice submissive. He was about
six foot tall, with broad shoulders, thick neck, large biceps, tree trunk legs
and a narrow waist. There didn't appear to be any fat on this bull like man. He
was also covered with thick black hair. It was dense, almost like an animal,
nearly obscuring his balls and decent sized cock.

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn
boy, you're a hairy son of a bitch,&quot; remarked The Master. 

&nbsp;

IronMan
looked at The Master and said, &quot;Yes sir, I have been this hairy since
junior high.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Smack,&quot;
The Master slapped his face, hard enough to leave a red handprint. &quot;I
didn't say you could speak boy. Eyes on the floor, weren't you listening
upstairs? You may speak only when I give you permission or if you're using a
safe word. Do you understand? Speak.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir, I understand. Please forgive me Master,&quot; begged the muscular hulk.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
boy. Stand and back up against the cross with your legs spread and your arms
above your head, ass against the cross,&quot; ordered The Master. 

&nbsp;

He had
him lean backwards against the polished wooden St Andrews Cross and secured his
wrists and ankles to the top and bottom, spread-eagling him. 

&nbsp;

The
Master then proceeded with a light session of CBT and nipple pinching with
Japanese clover clamps before flipping him face on to the cross. He was again
spread-eagle and secure with his prominent bubble butt, seemingly begging for
attention. 

&nbsp;

The
Master then spanked the man with a double leather strap, proceeding slowly and
lightly, intensifying the strokes progressively. He stopped often and ran his
nails up the sides and down the back of the bound man, tweaking his nipples
from time to time, allowing the endorphins to build. After roughly forty-five
minutes, the novice submissive was floating from the flood of pain killing
hormones and adrenaline. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
with the strokes about medium to hard intensity and with IronMan's ass bright
red under the thick coat of hair, The Master stopped and began to slowly stroke
the naked strong man's hairy body. He was getting the man used to the intimate
touch of another man. 

&nbsp;

IronMan's
thick seven inch cock was rock hard and wet. He loved the firm sure touch of
The Master. First it was his arms and pecs with a long pause to pinch his
hardened nipples. Then he stroked his washboard stomach and flanks, his firm
hairy ass and thighs. Finally, The Master created a fleshy cage with the palm
and fingers of his right hand. He enclosed the man's cock with the palm
brushing the head. He was barely touching the helpless man with his fingertips.
Over and over he pressed the pads of his fingers to the base of the quivering
submissive's throbbing cock, drawing the tips over the sensitive skin, a gentle
firm squeeze under the head to milk more precum, making his dripping cock
twitch and throb. 

&nbsp;

When The
Master determined the bound man was on the edge of cumming, he hugged the nude
floating man around the left side to help him stand while releasing the safety
snaps to take him down from the cross. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Kneel
as before boy,&quot; ordered The Master.

&nbsp;

The
Master allowed IronMan's knees to buckle causing him to slowly sink to the well
padded Berber carpeted floor. Again, he nudged the man's knees apart with his
mirrored black boot and clipped his strong arms behind him, making him helpless
once more. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
did well for a first session, boy. Now is the time for you to show your
appreciation. I want you to open your mouth and stick your tongue out as far as
you can.&quot; 

&nbsp;

The man
obeyed nicely and held his long wet tongue out as ordered, his eyes closed. 

&nbsp;

The
Master unzipped his black leather pants, set his eight inch rock hard cock onto
the man's tongue and slowly inserted it into his hot wet mouth. 

&nbsp;

The man
closed his lips around the thick cock and slowly drew it deeply into his mouth,
sucking as hard as he could. 

&nbsp;

&quot;If
this is the first time you've had a cock in your mouth, swirl your tongue
around the end of my cock.&quot; 

&nbsp;

IronMan
had sucked cock only in his fantasies. He started to eagerly polish The
Master's cock head with his soft wet tongue. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
boy, keep that up until I tell you to stop. Suck and lick,&quot; ordered The
Master.

&nbsp;

Even
though IronMan was very inexperienced and not a very good cock sucker, his
enthusiasm finally prevailed and The Master started to get closer and closer to
pouring a thick load of cum into the kneeling young muscle man's, virgin mouth.


&nbsp;

The
precum of The Master started pouring out, the man licking it up and savoring it
like the chocolate syrup on his favorite dessert. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
The Master's cock started lengthening and thickening, his full nuts pulling up,
no longer thumping the kneeling man's chin.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
doing well enough for your first time and as a reward, I'm going to cum in your
mouth. Don't swallow it until I give you permission,&quot; ordered The Master. 

&nbsp;

Nodding
and sucking harder, the man intensified the swirling of his tongue against the
sensitive underside of The Master's cock until the inevitable happened.

&nbsp;

The
Master grabbed IronMan's ear with one hand, holding him in place while he
pulled all but the end of his long thick dick from the cock sucking man's hot
mouth. He began to rapidly stroke the remainder of his cock with the other
hand. He held the submissive's head in place while his thumb and fore finger
slapped the man's lips. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
The Master came with a groan, shooting four strong blasts of cum and many
smaller ones into the still sucking man's mouth. 

&nbsp;

The
Master calmed down, noticed some of his cum leaking from the corners of
IronMan's mouth and slowly pulled his softening cock from the hot wet lips of
the still floating young novice. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
not a very good cock sucker but with some training, you'll improve. Lean your
head back and open your mouth wide. I want to see if you can obey orders.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
young man did as directed and there in his mouth was the large white mass of
The Master's thick cum. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK,
swirl it around in your mouth to make sure you get a good taste.&quot;

&nbsp;

After a
couple of minutes, &quot;Good, swallow,&quot; He ordered. 

&nbsp;

The
Master walked around the kneeling young man and released the wrist cuffs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
may stand and remove the cuffs. Don't wipe off your mouth but don't spill any
on my carpet or furniture. Get dressed and come upstairs. I want to see my cum
on your lips when you get there,&quot; ordered The Master. The Master then
turned and walked up the stairs to the living room. 

&nbsp;

After a
few minutes, the blushing, still very aroused, now dressed, young man, wobbled
up the stairs and into the living room. He felt like he was drunk and was
having some trouble walking straight but he was fully aware of what he had just
done and experienced. 

&nbsp;

It was
much better than he had ever hoped. In addition to the euphoria he was feeling
from the endorphins, the taste of The Master's cum was sweet and not the gross
experience he had expected. It was pretty easy to swallow, not the horrible act
his girl friend made it seem. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
did pretty well for the first time,&quot; The Master stated when IronMan was
again sitting on the soft leather chair. 

&nbsp;

A broad
smile spread across the cum covered man's lips. &quot;Thank you, Master. I
enjoyed serving you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
glad you're so obedient, you still have my cum running down your chin. Use your
fingers and lick the cum off of your chin and lips. When you're finished
eating, you may have the rest of your soft drink.&quot;

&nbsp;

IronMan
thanked The Master for the experience and asked if he could come back again but
this time, to get fucked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
I am available Saturday but I have to juggle some appointments to make that
happen. Since you have been so obedient I'll make the necessary changes. Be
here Saturday at 1 PM. Don't be late. I don't tolerate impolite, thoughtless
slaves. Understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Master, I won't be late, thank you Master,&quot; agreed the flushed, excited
young man. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good.
Stand up, drop your trousers and briefs,&quot; ordered The Master. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Here
is a Kleenex. Masturbate for me. Don't cum until I tell you it's ok. If you get
close, let me know.&quot;

&nbsp;

Blushing,
the bull like young man did as ordered and started slowly stroking his cock. It
immediately started to leak into the Kleenex held in his other hand. Soon, he
told The Master, &quot;I'm getting close Sir.&quot;

&nbsp;

He was
ordered to slow down until the feeling receded, then ordered to speed up until
he was close again. Over and over, the prolonged masturbation and edging was
repeated, slow down, speed up until after half an hour, The Master told him to
finish. 

&nbsp;

He
started to pump his throbbing cock as fast as he could. Groaning, the young
man, his pants around his ankles and his now angry red cock as hard as it had
ever been, came over and over, soaking the Kleenex and coating his hand until
his cum almost spilled onto The Master's thick pile carpet. 

&nbsp;

Just as
he started cumming, The Master took a digital flash picture of IronMan while he
stroked his large red cumming cock. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
spill any boy or you will get punished like you never dreamed. Lick your
fingers immediately.&quot;

&nbsp;

Obediently
the still aroused novice submissive did as ordered and stuck his dripping
fingers into his mouth, swiftly licking and swallowing his own cum like his
life was at stake. 

&nbsp;

Smiling,
The Master took another picture.

&nbsp;

Exhausted,
IronMan started to wilt to his knees, breathing like he had just completed the
last quarter of the football game by running the length of the field with two
pro linebackers chasing him. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Stand
straight young man,&quot; barked The Master. 

&nbsp;

IronMan
recovered and stood straight with a visible effort. 

&nbsp;

The
Master showed him the pictures he had taken with cum dripping from his face,
cock and fingers. &quot;That's a good look for you. OK, boy. Get up. Get
dressed and get out of here. Don't be late!&quot;

&nbsp;

IronMan,
sheepishly pulled up his shorts and pants, buttoned them and left. 

&nbsp;

His ass
still burned and tingled. He had never cum so hard or so much. He had loved
every minute of it!

&nbsp;

It never
crossed his mind that he had just cheated on his live in girl friend with
another man.

&nbsp;

Chapter
2 - Saturday

&nbsp;

It was 1:30
PM on Saturday and still no IronMan. Shaking his head, The Master signed on to
his internet account and sure enough, no messages. It was too late to revive
his previous schedule so he changed and went to a movie. 

&nbsp;

Another
flasher. Another wannabe. �I am really getting tired of this shit,� complained
The Master. 

&nbsp;

Well, he
would give the man a day to e-mail or come over and explain he had been struck
by lightening or hit by a train or ordered to work or give a really good reason
for why he couldn't honor his commitment to The Master. 

&nbsp;

Across
town in his apartment, IronMan was laying on his back, nude on their king sized
bed. His arms were tied to the corner posts with nylon sailing line using slip
knots but his ankles were not secured. They were spread and held apart by the
beautiful naked body of his kneeling girl friend who was slowly stroking his
rampant heavily oiled cock. 

&nbsp;

They had
just watched &quot;Fire On The Mountain: Male genital Massage �&quot; by Dr.
Joseph Kromer, Ph.D. It had just come from blowfish.com. 

&nbsp;

Gail
loved the DVD and insisted on practicing all of the new techniques for driving
her boyfriend crazy. 

&nbsp;

Robert,
IronMan, was mesmerized by the DVD as well. It depicted two young fit men
swapping back and forth, demonstrating each skill of eastern cock and balls
massage techniques, one doing the other and switching seamlessly while the
steady calm voice of the narrator explained each technique in detail. 

&nbsp;

Gail
must have memorized every word because he was nearly levitating his ass off the
silk sheets as she played his cock like a virtuoso. 

&nbsp;

He was
bridging his back and ass, his heels digging deeply into the firm mattress as
she teased him over and over, periodically applying more lubricant. 

&nbsp;

While
she stroked, changing techniques and naming them while she changed, she spoke
to Robert like they were sharing breakfast instead of an out of this world
erotic experience. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Robert,
I spoke to daddy this morning,&quot; she calmly stated. His hot red cock was in
her fist so that only part of the head was sticking out. The sensitive area
under the crown was exposed along with a good portion of the head. She took her
recently lubed, dripping other hand and teasingly rubbed the head with the
sweet center of her small delicate palm, slowly polishing his cock head in a
circle, over and over, while he gasped. 

&nbsp;

&quot;He
says that the foreman's job on that Iron Worker's project for the new bank will
be decided on Monday. It's between Peter and you! I told daddy that I would be
very unhappy if he gave the job to that cheating bastard. I think it may have
worked. I told daddy that if Peter had no trouble cheating on me, the Boss's
daughter, then he would have no trouble cheating him, the Boss. He nodded and
made a call to the superintendent of the job as I was leaving.&quot; 

&nbsp;

He
finally shouted, &quot;God Gail, quit teasing me and let me cum. You're driving
me crazy.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
stopped, stood up in the bed and pealed her wet thin bikini panties down her
beautiful well formed slender legs. Kneeling again, she grabbed his balls and
squeezed until his mouth gaped open in pain. She then thrust the panties,
dripping with her pussy juice, into his mouth and then resumed her tormenting
massage. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
not paying attention to me and this is important. All you're thinking about is
your cock and not our future.&quot; She lubed his cock again and straightened
her hands out flat. Then she started to swiftly rub her hands back and forth with
his hard wet dripping cock between them like it was a stick and she was trying
to start a fire, boy scout style. &quot;This is called 'Fire,'&quot; grinned
the happy excited woman. 

&nbsp;

Robert
was going crazy. How could he concentrate on what she was saying when she was
doing that?

&nbsp;

After a
half hour of tormenting her groaning boyfriend, she took some &quot;Kama Sutra:
�� Pleasure Balm&quot; and spread it on
his throbbing cock to desensitize and deaden the inflamed nerves. Then she
slipped a lubricated condom over his throbbing cock and straddled him. She
slowly sunk down on his stone hard nearly eight inch cock, groaning as it sunk
into her hot wet shaved pussy. 

&nbsp;

She
began, rising and falling like she was riding one of her horses, squeezing her
muscles to tighten the contact on the upstroke and releasing on the down. She was
milking his inflamed cock with her talented pussy while giving her red puffy
pussy more pleasure. Up and down, tighten and loosen, over and over. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
she quickened her pace, bent over and pinched his nipples as hard as she could
as she started to spasm into a series of powerful orgasms.

&nbsp;

The
pinch of his nipples and the grasping spasms of her pussy drove him over the
edge and he began to cum wildly into the condom, arching his back and causing
all but his heels and head to pull away from the mattress, lifting both of them
high above the bed. 

&nbsp;

After
what seemed an eternity, he collapsed in a heap with an &quot;OOOFFFF&quot; as
she landed on his slackened belly and ground her hot sensitive clitoris against
his pelvic bone to extract the last bit of pleasure from the sweating hot body
of her lover. 

&nbsp;

They
were both puffing and panting, Gail almost fainting from the wild session of
hot kinky sex. 

&nbsp;

Finally,
they got their breath back and Gail dismounted her still bound and helpless
boyfriend. She carefully fisted his still hard cock and slowly bent it over
while she peeled the full condom from his slowly softening cock. 

&nbsp;

Pleased
that she had not spilled any of the precious cum, she lay down on top of her
boyfriend, her firm full, still reddened breasts pressed against his hard pecs,
her sensitive nipples being scraped by his thick hair. She told him, &quot;I'm
going to pull out my panties and I want you to keep your mouth open. If you
don't, I'll leave you here and go to the movies. Promise?&quot; 

&nbsp;

He
nodded his head, vigorously. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Great,
open wide.&quot; She held his nose with one hand, pulled the soaked panties out
and upended the condom over his wide open mouth with the other hand. She dumped
the huge load of her boyfriend's cum into his mouth, then the condom. She
quickly held her hand over his mouth to keep him from spitting it out. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Swallow
all of that tasty cum, Robert. You are always making me do it. It's your turn.
I'll let you breathe when you've swallowed it all. If, when I pull that condom
out, it's not clean, I'll get Rover going and put his cum in there for you
next. Shake your head when you're ready and I will pull out the condom.&quot;

&nbsp;

A short
time later, he visibly swallowed, shook his head and opened his mouth. Sure
enough, the condom was almost completely clean of his huge load and the rest
was gone. 

&nbsp;

Surprised
and a little disappointed at how easily he drank down his own cum, she said
&quot;You did well Robert. You swallowed that like a pro.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She
turned out the light, leaving him bound, snuggled up to his warm bear like body
and promptly went into a deep sleep.

&nbsp;

As she
slept, Robert thought about what had just happened. He liked the taste of cum!
It was almost habit forming. Then he wondered what he was going to do while she
was in Europe on vacation. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
3 - Back At Play

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It was
two weeks later and The Master was reading an article at Literotica.com. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly,
IronMan IMed him. &quot;Please Master. forgive me for missing our appointment.
May I come over soon? My ass is crying for a spanking, your big hard cock and I
want to drink more of your delicious cum.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
told you not to miss that appointment and you didn't even have the courtesy to
contact me right away and explain what had happened,&quot; IMed The Master.
&quot;I have better things to do.&quot;

&nbsp;

Dejected,
Robert signed off. 

&nbsp;

Every
day, as his need increased� Robert again
IMed The Master, begging again and again to be allowed to come back. 

&nbsp;

After
two weeks, judging the increasing urgency of the young man, The Master replied.
&quot;I will let you come over this Saturday but there will be some
conditions.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Anything
Master, I realize I screwed up badly. Whatever you say,&quot; responded the
happy submissive man.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
well, since you said �anything,� the conditions are as follows. You will
provide me a digital copy of your driver's license now and show me the original
when you walk in the door. You will give me the name of the place you work as
well as your immediate supervisor's name which I will confirm before you
arrive. You will provide me with the full name and screen name of your
girlfriend. Finally, you will be harshly punished but without leaving any
permanent marks or damage and you will have no safe words except one. If you
use it, the session will end immediately and you will be forever prohibited
from coming back. As long as you're obedient and never treat me or anyone else
with discourtesy again, your identity will be forever safe with me. If,
however, you misbehave, I will send a copy of those pictures I took last time
along with more I will be taking during our session to your girl friend and
your boss. Are those conditions satisfactory?&quot;

&nbsp;

Robert
hesitated, he would be at The Master's mercy. But he was so horny and it was
all his own fault. The Master had been gentle with him last time, telling him
what was coming next and not exceeding the limits that were negotiated.
&quot;Yes Sir, I agree. Thank you for taking me back,&quot; he replied. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
will have to go to Staples to make your copy and I will� send it along with the other information in a
couple of hours, before midnight for sure. No permanent marks from the
punishment, Sir?&quot; asked Robert. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Just
for the record, when I make a promise, I keep it. Don't ever make me repeat a
promise again. You would be wise to adopt that code for yourself and do it
swiftly,&quot; answered The Master.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
will expect that information you promised today and your ass at my door no
later than 1 PM, this Saturday. Eat a light lunch, no more than 200 calories. I
don't want you too full. Do you understand?&quot; typed The Master. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir. I understand.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Good.
I do not expect to hear from you otherwise unless there is an emergency. I want
to know promptly if there is something preventing you from keeping your word.
If something like that happens, it better be serious. Now, sign off and get me
that information.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir.&quot; And IronMan signed off, relieved that all was well. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
4 - The Punishment

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

WOOOSH�� THWACK!

&nbsp;

Another
bright red stripe appeared across his ass, a half inch above and parallel to
the other two. 

&nbsp;

&quot;When
you begged me to forgive you for standing me up last month and agreed to do
anything to make amends, I told you to expect punishment. You begged me to
punish you, 'no limits' you said.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
I like to punish with a hot caning. When I'm done punishing you, you'll have a
baboon ass. Don't worry, it will leave no permanent marks. I want you to feel
this punishment for a while to give you a reminder of what happens when you're
rude and disobedient.&quot; 

&nbsp;

The
dense but very limber cane was whipping almost double on the back stroke and sinking
deeply into the defenseless man's ass. Then it sprang back, leaving a bright
red mark like the two rails of a railroad track, as well as two sharp spikes of
pain a second or two apart. 

&nbsp;

When
IronMan arrived, The Master had him strip and put leather cuffs on his wrists
and ankles as he had the first session. 

&nbsp;

IronMan
was astraddle and attached to the spanking bench this time. His ankles and
wrists were resting on padded shelves and secured to the bench with nickel
plated double snaps. He could squirm but he was held firmly. He was helpless,
despite his powerful body. No amount of thrashing about could budge the deeply
embedded marine eye bolts his cuffs were secured to.

&nbsp;

His big
strong ass was split by the carpenter's horse shaped bench. His cock and balls
were pulled back between his legs, exposing them and his pink virginal ass hole.

&nbsp;

After he
was secured, The Master took a new silicone penis gag and inserted it into the
big masculine submissive's mouth. Drool was already beginning to pour out and run
down the red leather of the custom made spanking bench. 

&nbsp;

He then
put a hot wet towel on the secured man's ass. &quot;I'll be right back boy. I
hope you're comfortable.&quot; The Master then went upstairs and finished his
preparations. He took a stainless steel tray with a digital camera, red
erasable marker, cordless electric hair trimmer, disposable safety razor,
shaving cream, stainless steel bowl of hot water and a couple of terry towels
down to the dungeon. 

&nbsp;

He
removed the cooling towel and carefully drew a heart shaped figure around the
bound man's beefy ass with the bottom just below his ass hole and the top too
curves including the top of his butt cheeks. IronMan began to squirm in
surprise. �What is he doing?� thought the alarmed bound and gagged man?

&nbsp;

Next,
The Master took the trimmer and carefully removed the thick hair from the
marked area, careful to keep �within the lines.� He applied the shaving cream
to the almost denuded area and carefully shaved the man's ass as hairless as a
baby. His large ass, shown like the moon, round and pure white, exposed to the
light for the first time in a decade. After wiping away the soap from the bound
man's now pure white ass, he again took the red marker and this time wrote,
BABOON, in large block letter across both of his white ass cheeks. 

&nbsp;

He
picked up his digital camera and took several pictures to memorialize the
event. 

&nbsp;

His
preparations finished, he explained what was next. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well
boy, it is time for your caning. I am going to be lenient with you and only use
a rattan cane instead of the Delran one. Even there I will use a medium one. It
is 30 inches long and only 3/8 inch in diameter. In addition, it is painted
black with a gloss acrylic to keep it fairly smooth and limber. The marks will
last only a week or so and will fade quickly. The hair will grow back fast,
based on how your beard grows. So, the modifications are very temporary.&quot; 

&nbsp;

He then
applied a dozen hard strokes to the man's wide bubble butt, taking his time but
expertly placing them close together in a ladder of blood red, characteristic
double welts. 

&nbsp;

When he
was through, he hung up the cane and got down his punishment strap, It was a
four inches wide by 20 inches long, rubber strap attached to an 8 inch long,
hard wood handle. Made of limber thick rubber, it would lengthen during the
back stroke and contract on contact, attacking the flesh of the already sobbing
young man. It would be almost unbearable. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
now that your butt has something to think about, here comes your Baboon
ass,&quot; chuckled The Master. &quot;This is going to make your ass burn like
the fires of hell. It will take your mind off of those little cane marks.&quot;
He then proceeded to apply the �Prison Strap,� to the already very tender red
ass of the now crying muscle man. The Master was watching the clock. Within 30
to 45 minutes of the first cane stroke, endorphins would kick in, dulling most
of the pain. The punishment area would be numb. They were already building. He
wanted to give the man some distress to remember before the natural pain
killers took over. 

&nbsp;

When
IronMan's ass was indeed red and bruised, looking like a Baboon in heat, The
Master stopped, leaving the crying punished man still strapped to the spanking
bench. Again, he took the digital camera out and took several shots from
different angles, capturing the results before they faded. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
am going to give you a few minutes to let the endorphins come in and then we'll
get to the fun parts of this session you missed last time.&quot; Stated The
Master. &quot;I'll be back in fifteen to twenty minutes. By then the warm fuzzy
feeling from last time will be there and you'll feel a lot better. Cheer up,
your punishment is almost over.&quot;� He
took an old but clean wool navy blanket and covered the hot young man. He would
be cold soon. 

&nbsp;

When The
Master came back, IronMan was no longer crying and he was floating even higher
than the first session. The pain from the punishment was now quite a bit
lessoned and he was calming down. 

&nbsp;

The
Master removed the Velcro secured penis gag, putting it on the stainless steel
tray along with the other items. 

&nbsp;

&quot;It
looks like you feel a lot better Boy?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir, that hurt like I was going to die Master,&quot; said the now very
submissive man. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sure it did. I hope you remember this lesson well. This was a relatively mild
session. I wouldn't recommend a harsh punishment.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;So,
you wanted to be fucked as I remember it. It is time to get you ready for
that.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
Master slipped on a set of latex gloves and lubed them up with KY jelly.
Spreading the tender cheeks of the submissive's still very sore ass, he took
his middle finger and slowly inserted it into the young man's ass. It was just
like butter, narrow and soft. There was no way The Master's cock would fit
without some preparation. After working his lubricated finger in and out of the
now almost purring young man's ass, The Master lubed the index finger of his
other hand and slowly inserted it in along with the other one. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Master
that hurts,&quot; cried the young man. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
I know it does. Believe me you'll thank me for this later,&quot; said The
Master. He pulled both fingers out and went to his toy chest, pulled a drawer
out of the white cabinet and removed a 1.5 inch diameter butt plug, a medium.
Slipping a condom on to prevent contamination, he lubed that too and slowly
inserted it into the tight ass of the helpless young man. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
pull it out, please pull it out,&quot; cried the young bound man. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Quiet
boy or I will redo your punishment. Take deep breaths and push out instead of tightening
like you�re trying to stop a fart. Push it out a little. But if it falls out on
the carpet, you'll be sucking it clean and licking the carpet as well. You'll
get used to it shortly.&quot;

&nbsp;

Sure
enough, the pain started to get less harsh and he now just had a tingle and
full feeling. Sensing the man was ready, he slowly removed the plug and
inserted another one, this time 1.75 inches. Used to the process, there were no
protests, just a lot of fast heavy breathing while the man got used to this
diameter.

&nbsp;

Finally,
the pain was almost gone and The Master slipped on a condom, pulled the butt
plug out and slowly inserted his larger 8 inch cock. Once in, he let the man
get used to it again. 

&nbsp;

When he
was calmed down, the fucking began, and the man finally got what he had begged
for last month. 

&nbsp;

During
the fucking, IronMan's cock started to get hard for the first time this session
and The Master lifted him up to let it grow. He reached around and stroked the
hard, now wet cock and when the man came, his ass spasmed, sending The Master
over the edge. He too came and slowly withdrew his softening cock. 

&nbsp;

IronMan's
ass was no longer the cute pink bud of before. Now it was a swollen, gaping red
hole. It would take a long time to recover its previous innocent appearance.
Never able to see it before, that never crossed his mind.

&nbsp;

The
Master unclipped the man from the spanking bench, helped him down to the carpet
and ordered him to clean up. Understanding immediately, he licked up his own
cum and drool. Once he could stand, he put all the equipment back where it
belonged. The Master, resting in a leather chair, beckoned the man over where
he kneeled between The Master's legs. The Master pulled the condom off and
without being told, the man put his head back and opened his mouth. The Master,
surprised at this move, thought, �what the hell� and poured the cum into the
man's mouth and on to his lips. He discarded the condom and took another
digital picture of the cum covered submissive. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
improving swiftly boy. Maybe you have some promise?&quot; stated the surprised
Master. &quot;Suck my cock clean and then it is time for you to go home. I have
things to do. Put some cream on those stripes when you get home. They won't
last long.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Master, thank you for taking me back.&quot;

&nbsp;

He
reached for The Master's large wet cock with his right hand, held his balls
with the left and did as ordered, sucked The Master's cum from his large musky
cock. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
5 - Homecoming

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Smiling
as he drove home, relaxed as he had never been before, he started to consider
his situation. Life was good. 

&nbsp;

Gail was
right. He had gotten that promotion ahead of Peter, his girl friend's former
lover. 

&nbsp;

Peter
was an overbearing blowhard, an ass hole. He had been a thorn in his side for
years, running his mouth, taking women and jobs. Even in high school they had
been rivals. Peter the all American running back. Robert the good but nothing
special defensive end. Peter, the college graduate. Robert, lucky to complete
high school while he worked to help support his mom and sisters. Peter, Gail's
first serious lover, had been bragging about how he was fucking the boss's
daughter, the boss's secretary and half a dozen other women at the same time. 

&nbsp;

Gail was
a beautiful and intelligent woman who had the drive to succeed he never had.
All he wanted to do was get the job done well and on time. Gail was focused on
the future for them, the next promotion, investments, self help books and tapes
screened and boiled down for him. She was the greatest!� 

&nbsp;

Well,
here and now, his balls were empty and he had pleased The Master with his
performance. He had that front covered. 

&nbsp;

His job
was going well. 

&nbsp;

Gail
would be back from Europe in three to four weeks, giving him plenty of time to
heal up and grow back the hair. Next time The Master wouldn't punish him. It
would just be the fun part like the first time. 

&nbsp;

Yes,
life was good. 

&nbsp;

Just
then his truck struck a pothole and his ass bounced up and down on the hard
bench seat. &quot;Yeeoowwhhh! Damn, that hurts!&quot; 

&nbsp;

As he
pulled into the apartment complex, he noticed Gail standing on the balcony,
waving wildly with both arms. She was jumping up and down and screaming at him!
&quot;Surprise, Surprise!&quot;

&nbsp;

�Shit,
shit, shit,� he thought, over and over. �I'm fucked now! What am I going to
do?�

&nbsp;

He
pulled into an empty spot and stopped. He didn't do anything. He just sat
there, covering his face with both hands, emotion almost choking him. 

&nbsp;

He took
a deep breath and got out of the truck, waving back to his girl friend. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Great
surprise Gail. I thought you were staying another 3 weeks,&quot; he yelled,
trying to smile. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
up, come up!&quot; she yelled back. 

&nbsp;

Gathering
his courage, he locked his truck and headed up the elevator to their apartment.


&nbsp;

As he
came into the apartment, she jumped up, put her arms around his neck, wrapped
her strong trim legs around his waist and kissed him lovingly while rubbing her
pussy against his stiffening cock. �God, she was hot,� he thought. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
couldn't stay away any longer. I missed you.&quot; She sighed. &quot;I'm all
sweaty and dirty from the long flight and you're no daisy yourself. Get into
the shower. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. Then you can give me the
homecoming I deserve.&quot;

&nbsp;

Resigned
to an explosion but cooperative as usual, he went to their bathroom, quickly
stripped off his sweaty, cum covered clothes and got into the shower. He was
careful to face forward to hide his 'Baboon ass.' �Maybe she wouldn't notice
and he could get the rest of himself shaved so his ass wouldn't stand out. The
marks couldn't last forever, The Master said they would heal quickly,� he
thought.

&nbsp;

As fast
as he could, he washed the marker, cum and sweat from his body, trying to
finish before she got into the shower. Just as he was done, she bounced into
the room, nude and beautiful, slipping into the hot spray of the shower,
pressing her wonderful body against his hairy chest and thighs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
all done babe, let me wash you up. I can't wait to get my hands on that
beautiful body. It's been so long. Turn around,&quot; he said. 

&nbsp;

She
faced forward and wiggled her plump sweet ass against his hardening cock. �God,
she had magnificent skin,� he thought. Reaching around her warm smooth body, he
cupped her right breast with his right hand, took the soap in his left and
began washing her left side. Tweaking her right nipple, he washed under her
left arm, around her left breast and down to her ass, cleaning the cleft of her
firm round butt.

&nbsp;

Finished
on the left, he switched nipples with a pinch to the right while grasping the
left between the fingers of his strong left hand. He picked up the soap in his
right hand and washed and stroked her firm wet body. He completed the washing
and moved both hands down her body, sliding his fingers between her legs,
lightly but firmly massaging the top of her inner thighs. His large firm hands
squeezed the lips of her shaved reddening pussy, lifting her lightly so only
her toes touched the wet shower floor. The pressure against her large clit
caused a groan to escape from the aroused young beauty. His now rigid cock was
rubbing between the firm wet cheeks of her ass.

&nbsp;

&quot;God,
you turn me on you big bear. I have missed this so much,&quot; she whimpered.
&quot;Put me down. I want to hug you.&quot; When she was released, she turned
and threw her arms around his waist, hugging his hairy muscular body and
crushing her firm breasts against his six pack abdomen. She slid her wet hands
down his hairy back to his denuded muscular ass, squeezing his bare white
cheeks, forcing a yelp from her big muscular boyfriend.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
the hell?&quot; she yelled. &quot;Turn around and put your arms up. What have
you been up to?&quot; 

&nbsp;

Resigned
to the inevitable, he obediently turned, put his large hands up to the corners
of the shower stall and spread his legs until they came in contact with the
narrow shower walls, legs spread almost three feet. The hot water streamed down
his strong hairy back, hairy except for his striped, black and blue ass, of
course.

&nbsp;

She
squatted down behind him, grabbed his red striped ass, inspecting it closely.
Then she pulled his punished ass cheeks widely apart, seeing his obviously
fucked, red and swollen ass hole. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What
the hell?&quot; she yelled, recognizing the cane marks for what they were and
the state of his asshole and what that meant. She turned and opened the shower
door, grabbing her deep blue terry cloth robe and throwing it on without
drying. Water was streaming from her long wet hair, soaking her bath robe.
&quot;Stay away from me, you cheating son of a bitch,&quot; she screamed. 

&nbsp;

He
didn't know what to do but to play it safe. He stayed in the hot shower until
the water started to run cold. Turning it off, he stepped out, dried off and
slowly ventured out to the now empty apartment, a large towel around his waist.
She had gone. Now what was he going to do?

&nbsp;

Chapter
6 - Revenge Is Sweet

&nbsp;

Call The
Master, maybe he could help!

&nbsp;

He dressed
in shorts and a polo shirt, signed on and seeing The Master on line, sent an
IM. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: Master, may we speak? 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: Very Well. What do you want?

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Gail
came home early and saw my ass. She cursed me and left. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Interesting. Did she
pack a bag?

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �No Sir.

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �She'll be back. If
for nothing else, to get her clothes and other personal things before leaving
permanently. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �You
think so? So you think she will cool down and forgive me?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �No, I don't think
she will just forgive you. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �You are going to
have to make her feel better , explain why you're a stupid ass hole and beg her
to please take you back. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �She
thinks I cheated on her. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �And?

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Well, I
didn't cheat on her. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �You had sex with
another man and you don't think that's cheating?! 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Having a romantic or
sexual encounter with anyone, man or women, when you�re in an exclusive
relationship with someone else, is cheating, you Baboon. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Uh, I
guess you're right Sir. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �You think? I thought
you had more brains than that. You also have another problem. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �God,
what else? Sorry Sir. What else, Sir?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �She would probably
forgive you faster if it were another woman. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �She can't compete
with a man. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �On top of that, when
she finds out you're bisexual, she's going to be worried about HIV. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Oh my
God, are you infected?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �I swear, whatever
she does to you, you deserve it. Of course not! I�m careful and test regularly.


&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Further more, after
what you told me about her former boy friend, it is more likely, she�s been infected
and you have been too . 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Master,
please. What should I do?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �When all else fails,
tell the truth and beg for forgiveness. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Tell her you will do
anything to make amends and tell her that there was no other woman. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Tell her you were
just experimenting to make your sex together more racy. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Yes Sir,
I'll do that. Anything else?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Give her my phone
number 302-555-2376. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Tell her I can
explain everything and help her get revenge for disappointing her. Make sure
you say that. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Revenge,
Sir? What are you going to do?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Do you want my help?

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Your job, your
reputation, your life with the woman you love depend on her feeling good about
herself and letting her not only get even, but to get ahead. I'll help her do
that. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Yes Sir!


&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Do you have a cell
phone or pager number for her?

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Yes Sir,
a pager. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Just in case she
comes home before I reach her, strip and kneel in front of the front door but
6-8 feet from it so she's not surprised when she comes in. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �If she comes in
before I call back, put your head down and say, &quot;I'm sorry Gail. Please
forgive me. I will answer any question you have.&quot; 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Have the phone next
to you in case I call or she calls. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �If she calls, say
the same thing and promise to do anything to earn her forgiveness and you can
explain. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Yes Sir.


&nbsp;

TheMaster: �Now, give me her
pager number and your phone number. 

&nbsp;

TheMaster: �I will try to reach
her. If she lets you, offer her my phone number. 

&nbsp;

DEIronMan254U: �Yes Sir,
thank you Sir. 

&nbsp;

The Master signed off and Robert followed orders to the letter,
hoping all the time that he would complete instructions before Gail returned. 

&nbsp;

Some time later, Robert's phone number rang. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hello?&quot; Answered Robert, tentatively.

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, Baboon, I spoke to her. By the way, that's your name
from now on instead of IronMan. She's going to stay with her friend, Heather,
to cool off. Then the two of you will meet me at my place, two weeks from today
at 1 PM. You're to do whatever either of us say. If she feels vindicated, she
will take you back with the conditions she will give you at that time. If
you're disobedient with either of us, I will give her the pictures I took of
you. She'll leave you forever. She will show the pictures to her father and ask
him to give them to Peter and the guys on your gang. You'll be fired and I
think the word that you're a cock sucker will end your Iron Worker career. If
not, it will certainly change your status on any Iron Worker crew you may try
to join. If she feels vindicated, I will still give her the pictures but she
will take you back. Your relationship will be much different and you will keep
your job.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you understand, Baboon?&quot; Asked The Master. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Sir. Thank you Sir!&quot; Cried Robert, thankfully. 

&nbsp;

Two weeks later, he arrived early at The Master's town house and
saw Gail's car in the drive way. He parked across the street, came to the door.
As he was about to knock, The Master opened the door. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok Baboon, get in here,&quot; ordered The Master. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Sir, where's Gail? He asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;She's upstairs getting ready. No more questions. Get your
ass down to the Play Room and get undressed. Put your cuffs on. Wait there.
I'll come downstairs in a few minutes,&quot; barked The Master.

&nbsp;

&quot;Sir, yes Sir,&quot; said Robert, meekly. 

&nbsp;

When he was nude and cuffed, Robert knelt as he had before and
waited. 

&nbsp;

The Master came into the Dungeon and had him straddle the spanking
bench as before. He was cuffed like last time except this time he put a fur
lined blindfold on him. The Master left, not saying a word. 

&nbsp;

For over a half hour, Robert was alone. He couldn't hear anything!
He was getting more and more concerned! What was happening? Had they left him
there? What if the building caught fire? He would die helplessly!

&nbsp;

Finally, Gail and The Master came down the stairs, both laughing. �They
knew each other already! But, she's happy. Maybe this won't be too bad?� he
thought.

&nbsp;

&quot;I've agreed to take on Gail, your new Mistress, as a
trainee. You will be the subject in our training sessions from now on.
Depending on how well you behave, your Mistress will allow you to live with her
as before. If not, you know the consequences,&quot; announced the Master. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Master, Yes Mistress,&quot; answered Baboon. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're as hairy as a Baboon, ass hole. I'm tired of the
scratches so we're going to take care of that right now,&quot; said Gail. 

&nbsp;

She flicked on the hair trimmer and started at his neck. Down came
the trimmer to the already denuded portion of his naked ass, creating a white
stripe down the middle of his back. 

&nbsp;

&quot;He looks like the skunk, he is,&quot; laughed Gail. 

&nbsp;

She shaved him bare on that side, from his neck to his heels, leaving
his back side as hairless as a 10 year old boy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll get the other side later Baboon. Doesn't that feel
better?&quot; She asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, Mistress,&quot; he choked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good, Master has informed me you finally figured out, you
cheated on me. Is that correct?&quot; she asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Mistress, I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I'm just a
stupid, thoughtless idiot,&quot; he begged. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll see. For now, however, turn about is fair play,&quot; she
stated firmly. 

&nbsp;

She came around the front of the bench and removed his blindfold
so he could see her for the first time. She was dressed in a tiny black leather
bra that forced her ample breasts together, giving her a deep cleavage. She was
naked otherwise except for black high heels and a black leather harness,
sporting a long red dildo about 6 inches long and about an inch in a half wide.


&nbsp;

&quot;Since you're a cocksucker, a bad one The Master tells me,
you can lubricate this dildo for me. Suck on it and get it nice and wet. It's
going into your worthless ass so do a good job,&quot; she ordered sharply. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; He replied hopefully.

&nbsp;

She stood on a Pullman's stool and slid the firm silicon dildo
into his mouth. Slowly she inserted it into his mouth until he started to gag,
backed off for a few seconds, only to insert it to the gag reflex mark again.
Over and over she forced him to choke on the almost slender but very firm cock
like spike, causing his eyes to water. He could smell her arousal getting
stronger and stronger as she fucked his face. With tears streaming down his
cheeks and dripping off of his firm chin, she finally pulled the wet dildo out
of his mouth, stepped off the stool, moved it to behind him and thrust the hard
silicone dildo into his ass to the hilt.�


&nbsp;

&quot;It hurts, It hurts, please Mistress, take it out. I'm sorry,
I'm sorry.&quot; He cried, his mouth gaping in pain. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Of course it hurts, Baboon, but not as much as it hurt me
when I discovered you cheated on me. Get used to it since it may be the closest
you get to fucking for a long time,&quot; she yelled. 

&nbsp;

While she was forcing the slender dildo in and out of his already
sore ass, The Master came around to his front and slipped a ring gag into his
already wide open mouth. Securing the straps behind his neck, The Master lined
up his dripping eight inch cock with the former IronMan's mouth and began
slowly but shallowly, sawing it in and out of his forced open mouth. &quot;You
know what to do Baboon, suck and lick.&quot; 

&nbsp;

For several minutes, the double fucking continued with Robert
being screwed at both ends. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's enough of that for now,&quot; stated the Master as he
pulled his large wet cock from Robert's sucking lips and removed the ring gag. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank you Sir,&quot; whimpered Robert. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Sir.&quot; Answered Gail. 

&nbsp;

The Master unclipped Robert and together they moved him to the
bondage table where he was secured face up, arms over his head. With Gail using
the trimmer and The Master an electric razor, they soon had his other side
shaved as well. They spread his legs and secured them with long rope to hooks
in the ceiling, almost doubling him over. �

&nbsp;

Gail removed her dildo harness and lie down between his widely
spread legs adding to the tension on his hamstrings, her back against his
balls, squashing them until he moaned from the steady painful pressure. The
Master mounted the long bench, inserting his large wet dick into the her
already dripping, tight hot pussy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OH GOD, that feels so good,&quot; she moaned. 

&nbsp;

Slowly and tenderly, he began to long dick her, rubbing his pelvic
bone on her engorged clit at the end of each stroke. After nearly a half hour
and with Gail cumming over and over, he started pounding her body with his rock
hard cock. This drew an almost animal cry from the impaled beautiful woman
while crushing Robert's balls even more. Finally The Master grabbed her ass
cheeks in each hand, thrusting his huge cock to the balls into her formerly
tight pussy while putting his whole weight on top of her and of course,
Robert's balls. He came deeply into her, his huge cock spasming into her
talented pussy. 

&nbsp;

As his cum spurted strongly into her hot wet depths, she came
again, more strongly than she ever had before. The shear depravity of the scene
had overwhelmed her already kinky soul.

&nbsp;

&quot;My God Master, that was incredible,&quot; whispered the very
satisfied and still cock stuffed woman as she came down to earth. 

&nbsp;

The Master slid forward tilting her ass up as he pulled his
softening cock from her cum soaked pussy with a slurp.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's feeding time for the Baboon, Trainee,� The Master
stated matter of factly, as he left the table to the bound Robert and the Domme
in training. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes it is. Thank you for reminding me Master,&quot; chuckled
Gail. With that, she stood, her hand over her shaved mound, holding the cum
inside.� She walked carefully up the
table, stood with her feet on either side of Robert's head and sat on his face,
her cum soaked pussy resting on his firmly closed mouth. &quot;Bad Boy,&quot;
she giggled as she reached back, grasped his balls and began to squeeze.
&quot;Suck Our cum from my pussy, Baboon. Lick it all up until I say
stop.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Eth, Msssteh,&quot; was all she heard as she felt his lips
lock onto her flowing pussy, his tongue thrusting in and out of her sloppy cum
filled cunt. 

&nbsp;

A month later. 

&nbsp;

He was spread eagle again and�
completely hairless except his eyebrows and head. Even his underarms and
pubic bush were bare. Gail had used a strong chemical hair remover on his big muscular
body only this morning. To keep his skin soft and silky, she spread expensive
scented lotion on his entire body. 

&nbsp;

He was to get laser hair removal over the next several months so she
didn't have to go to all the trouble of removing his scratchy stubble. He would
also have the word 'Baboon' tattooed across his ass in large black letters.

&nbsp;

His body, was snow white except for his almost purple, red ass,
recently strapped by his Mistress to warm him up. His ass ached at the
slightest touch.

&nbsp;

He was in their apartment and he heard Peter in the other room
talking with Gail! 

&nbsp;

Gail had required him to tell her father, that Peter should get
the Project Manager's job instead of him since Peter was more qualified, with
not only experience but a degree. 

&nbsp;

Gail had explained to her father that she would have Robert keep
an eye on him and have weekly meetings at their place to make sure all was as
it should be. With Gail the Company's book keeper and Robert, their best
foreman, Gail's father decided to promote the highly qualified Peter and take
the risk. 

&nbsp;

It was the first weekly meeting and Peter was at their apartment
for the first time. 

&nbsp;

Gail said, &quot;Peter, you know I got you that promotion, don't
you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah, sweetheart, I knew you would come around. Where is my
favorite boy, Robert?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;He's waiting for us to have a preliminary meeting and we'll
join him. Your job depends on you continuing to meet my conditions. I can just
about guarantee you'll like them.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;First, you will not screw around with my dad's secretary or
any other woman without my permission. I will arrange to keep your balls empty
and your dick soft with a smile on your face.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Further, you must never tell a soul about our agreement or
what happens in this apartment, except the business aspects, unless I give
permission in advance.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You will treat Robert with professional courtesy on the job.
Off the job, everyone is to believe you're best buddies. Is that clear?&quot;
offered Gail. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well sweet thing, I'm sure you are enough woman to keep me
happy. Won't Robert object?&quot; He asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No, he won't disagree. Just so you know he won't be a
problem, follow me,&quot; she stepped over to the bedroom door and opened it. 

&nbsp;

Robert's bound, hairless body was on display. His ankles were
bound to the top of his thighs with wide leather cuffs and his legs were widely
spread, secured to Sport Sheet connectors. His wrists were tightly held over
his head by more leather cuffs and rope tied to the corner bed posts. His
hairless cock and balls were in a CB 3000 chastity belt and his butt plugged
asshole drew the startled gaze of the surprised and overjoyed Peter. 

&nbsp;

&quot;As a final condition, your first act as Project Manager is
to fuck my cheating boyfriend. I'll be filming this first session to seal the
deal and ensure your cooperation. You will fuck him weekly during our meetings.
You may fuck him as often as you like the rest of the week and do pretty much
whatever you like with him in this apartment, provided I am present.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Otherwise, any other time and as long as it is in this
apartment in front of Robert, the Baboon, you may fuck me as well. You will
always use a condom when fucking either of us, tie it closed and give it to me
afterwards. I'll be feeding the contents to Robert later. He needs his
vitamins. Do we have a deal?&quot; Smiled the grinning new Domme.

&nbsp;

&quot;I have always wanted to teach him a lesson or two and you're
the best fuck I ever had. You have a deal,&quot; said the grinning Peter as he
pulled his shirt over his head. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What do you say to your buddy, Baboon?&quot; she ordered.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please Master, Fuck my worthless ass,&quot; he begged on
queue.

&nbsp;

Robert's eyes nearly bugged out of his head as he saw Peter's
horse cock as Peter dropped his dark blue boxers to his ankles and stepped out
of them. 

&nbsp;

Gail grinned as she took the digital video recorder from the
dresser, sat down on the chair at the foot of the bed and began filming.
Revenge is sweet!

&nbsp;

&quot;Pay back's a bitch. Isn't it Baboon,&quot; She laughed as
Peter crawled between his trembling thighs.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The End

&nbsp;

I hope you enjoyed this tale. An author's only payment for their
efforts is your votes and comments. If you got to this point, you must have
enjoyed the story. Please take an extra couple of minutes and vote it a 5. It
costs you nothing to vote on the stories you like and encourages authors to
write more stories. I appreciate your feedback in advance. If your feedback is
that you don�t like stories about men on men sex, next time, read the
disclosures. 

&nbsp;

Sirbosk1@aol.com, Copyright
2006, TX 8-402-404







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sirbosk1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





