BDSM Library - The Lesbian Rape of Barbara Carrilla.




The Lesbian Rape of Barbara Carrilla.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Barbara is abducted by two vicious women. They transform her into a sleazy whore to use as their sex toy







The Lesbian Rape of Barbara Carrilla.

 
  GabbyLez (gde1967@hotmail.com)
   jim
  2
  80
  2006-10-05T12:47:00Z
  2006-10-05T12:47:00Z
  1
  4913
  28008
   
  233
  65
  32856
  10.2625
 

 
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








The Lesbian Rape of Barbara
Carrilla.

&nbsp;

By
GabbyLez (gde1967@hotmail.com)

&nbsp;

Story
Codes: F/F, FF/F, reluctant, masturbation, lactation, urination, strap-on
dildos, panty-gags, BDSM, humiliation, blackmail.

&nbsp;

Summary:
Barbara is abducted by two vicious women. They transform her into a sleazy
whore to use as their sex toy.

&nbsp;

���� Narrator: the former Mrs. Barbara
Carrilla: snotty, authoritative CEO, divorc�e, mother of two daughters.
Fabulously wealthy. Stunning, imperious, feral. Snide bitch. Her breasts must
be swollen with venom instead of milk. She doesn�t speak, she hisses.

&nbsp;

1.
My Capture.

&nbsp;

����� �MMMrrrrhhh.... NNNnnnnggg....� That�s
all I could get out of my panty-packed mouth. I was trussed and bound as tight
as a package. It required a strenuous effort simply to twist and provide some
relief for my aching body. I wasn�t blindfolded, thankfully, but all I could
see was the cold marble floor and the high-heeled feet of my captors. They
clicked on the floor with lethal, ear-piercing cracks. As I arched my back my
ass was further elevated. It seemed to release some of the pressure from my
scalding hot bladder, which was so swollen I thought it might burst like a
water balloon. I felt a bubble of gas in my ass and was clenching it shut in
hopes of avoiding the humiliation of a fart. I already felt humiliated enough,
being trussed up like a pig. They�d even forced me to squeal and oink before
pinching my nose shut so I�d open my mouth... �Gloop!� I felt the hot, slimy,
oily satin of Inga�s panties on my tongue. The smell and taste must have made
me turn green. �Suck on that cuntslop, you nasty slut. Chew it! Move your jaws!
If you stop I�ll plant my heel in your ass!�

&nbsp;

���� I could hear the crackling lace through my
head. As I bit down on the panties, the goo squeezed out of the gusset and felt
slick in my mouth. The taste was overwhelming and the bitchy smell filled my
nose. I was meowing through the gag, like a cat in heat.... mmmeeiiioooowww....
mmmeeiiioooowww... mmmeeiiioooowww... I felt the sharp stiletto heel on my ass,
menacing me as I was verbally taunted. The taste was a mildly salty glop, like
mucus when you blow your nose and some of it gets in your mouth. The texture
was similar- a smooth, solid goo swimming in an oily, slick fluid. The smell
was like rotting salmon, besides the soggy perspiration. A cloying milky taste
must have been the breast milk Inga squeezed into the panties before stuffing
them in my mouth. The segment of the panties in which her asshole had been
nestled had a waxy texture. I had to swallow my spit- it was an instinctive
reaction.

&nbsp;

���� She had held them in front of my face.
After displaying the stains and wet spots, delineating the female genitalia and
its variety of secretions, discharges and hygienic lapses, she told me to open
wide. I turned my head away but she pulled me hard by the hair, grabbing it
close to my scalp. That�s when she pinched my nostrils shut. I saw the flashy
rings of her fingers just under my nose and felt the hot silk being forced
between my lips and teeth. My teeth clacked on her pink-enameled fingernails
but I knew if I bit her she�d slap and kick the snot out of me. One of her
nasty tricks was to have me gulp down as much liquid as I could- knowing a
nearly bursting bladder would make me whine and squirm after tying me up. And
if I couldn�t hold it in, my humiliation would be complete and my luxurious
tailored suit ruined. A silk scarf was tied tightly around my head, preventing
me from spitting out my panty gag.

&nbsp;

����� I squirmed on my belly with the coldness
of the marble penetrating my clothes. My pearls clattered on the parquet, my
jewelry was tinkling... a fortune�s worth of opulent gold, rubies, pearls,
sapphires and diamonds on that filthy floor- and my sumptuous tailored suit.
Millions pass through my hands every week, the careers of hundreds of people
depend on my decisions... and now I�m reduced to squirming on the floor with
the filth of these disgusting whores packed in my mouth, trussed up like a
heifer on the butcher�s block.

&nbsp;

���� Inga crouched next to me. She lifted my
head with a clump of my hair in her fist. I looked up at her sneering lips and
staring, predatory eyes. �You�re coming with us, cunt. Don�t give me any
problems. I�ll shove Glenda�s pantyliner in your mouth, you cuntslime licking
whore, wouldn�t you like that? Just makes your mouth water, doesn�t it?�� I looked up at Glenda. She was
greasy-looking, sneering at me with thick, wet lips. She pulled up her dress to
display her heavy thighs and a thick white pad inside her nylon panties and
pantyhose. I could see the dark, elongated stain of her menstrual secretions in
the thick padding and her ratty cunt hair sticking out of the leg holes. The
bush ran up her greasy belly. Glenda looked like a slimy dishwasher from a
low-class diner. Sleaze oozed from her like a cold sweat. She stared at me with
the glassy eyes of a carnivorous sow. I�d swear she was drooling. Glenda pulled
down her panties to reveal the gummy, blood-stained pantyliner and her hairy
cunt. The thick hair was matted with sweat and secretions. Her thick, wet bush
looked like a drowned rat. A filthy string hung from her pissflaps. Her skin
had a grayish tone and her flesh was spongy. I knew her pulpy belly would be
bouncing against my ass as she rapes me. Still sneering at me, one side of her
mouth stretched in a smile before she flicked out her tongue and licked her
lips. My heart was pounding and I felt a panic rushing over me.

&nbsp;

��� As I waited for my captors to remove me, I
was regretting my choice of clothing and finery. My extravagant outfit was only
exacerbating my predicament. As I perspired, my sweat was soaked up by my
clothes. Under proper circumstances, my attire was selected to envelop me in
sensuality and comfort. Now, everything I wore seemed to become tighter,
heavier and more constricting. The Swiss horn buttons of my wool boucl� suit
jacket were digging into my flesh, pressed deep by my own weight... one in
particular was pinched against my breastbone. The gold-mounted jewels and gold
links of my opera necklace were stabbing me. My garters and bra cut into my
skin. A musky sweat was oozing from my pores, saturating everything. An
overwhelming desire to stretch my body and break free possessed me. I wanted to
scream but my mouth was so tightly packed I could only moan. I began stewing in
my own juices. Even my expensive perfume was not going to mask the rancid odors
of my marinating cunt, steamy ass and sweaty flesh. That�s how I felt- I was
starting to cook. I was going to ripen very soon and my swollen bladder was
sending waves of heat and perspiration through my body. I was straining my
pelvic muscles to prevent that filth from adding to the marinating fluids I was
soaking in.

&nbsp;

����� Fear, pain and arousal were centered in
my throbbing, itching cunt and nipples. My breasts swelled and my labia became
engorged. My sexual nerves were strung as taut as a wire, buzzing with
electricity. The sensation of Inga�s fingers on my wrists surged through me
like a shock. I heard a sudden buzz of activity. More hands squeezed my body. I
felt myself being abruptly lifted. I was hoisted and flung so rapidly and with
such ease I felt as if I were a thin slice of cuntmeat. They raised me and
tossed me as easily as if I were a plastic doll. The pressure of my belly on
the floor of their vehicle caused my bladder to void. The feeling was like an
orgasm- literally- a hot fluid boiled in my crotch and caused my clitoris to
furiously throb and itch. My cunt pulsed and my pelvic muscles went through a
set of contractions. My skin tingled as waves of released tension flowed out of
my body, concentrating all its energy on the heat and pressure in my cunt. I
experienced paroxysms and a sudden strung-out paralysis. All my vital fluids
seemed to flow from my body in a hot stream. A scalding heat flooded my panties,
pantyhose and tight slacks. An acrid odor filled my nostrils. A sharp stiletto
heel stabbed my ass.

&nbsp;

���� I heard the engine heave and felt motion.
I was being taken away and I had no clue to where. A chattering of voices
berated me. Some spoke about me as if I weren�t there, or as if I were a slab
of inanimate meat about to be consumed in a cannibalistic orgy. My entire
existence prior to this day was irrelevant. My status, my wealth, my authority,
everything had evaporated. I was a throbbing cunt trussed up in the rear of a
van, entirely at the mercy of a pack of sadistic, rutting whores. My only
question now was... what are they going to do to me? I kept hearing peculiar
�pttheww� sounds and something heavy landing in my hair. A hot slime splattered
on my cheek and rolled off. I struggled to turn my head and see. Glenda was
amusing herself by hurling gobs of her sticky spit on me. Her jaws were working
a fat wad of gum, evidently to encourage salivation. I also realized it was
Glenda�s heel that was stabbing my ass.

&nbsp;

2.
My Initiation.

&nbsp;

���� I could not see where we were, but I felt
and heard the difference when the van left the highway for a winding road, and
later the winding road for a dirt one. I realized the dirt road was narrow and
rarely traveled because the van swayed and jerked violently and I heard the
branches of trees scratching the sides. I imagined what they were going to do
to me. I saw myself as a naked, bloated corpse with buzzing flies feeding off
of me. Eventually the animals would discover my tasty morsel. In the end, all
that would remain was some scattered, bleached bones. I swore I would never
watch those trashy crime shows again, the tasteless garbage that exploits
people�s fascination and fears of violence, morbidity and death. Besides, they
made my imagination run wild.

&nbsp;

���� My relief was palpable as the wheels hit
smooth pavement. I reasoned with myself that it was only a shortcut, this rough
ride through the wilderness. Soon afterwards, though in my predicament it
seemed like forever, the van stopped and the side doors were opened. I looked
out and saw a set of mahogany double doors in a wall of ashlar masonry. I could
see stainless steel kitchen fittings through the screen doors. I was roughly
lifted and taken outside. Mystified as to where I was and to the nature of this
building, I soon realized it was a luxurious manor house. It must have been
somewhere in the Watchung Mountain range west of the city, judging from the
hills surrounding it. I�d spent many pleasant days horseback riding in
Bedminster and it seemed to be somewhere in that vicinity. The grassy meadows
and green forests of my memories were now bare and dry, covered in a light
snow.

&nbsp;

���� I was shivering with a combination of fear
and the biting cold. My sweaty clothes suddenly felt icy cold on my skin. I
heard one of them say, �Shouldn�t we have blindfolded this stupid cunt?� The
answer I heard was ominous and sent a shiver down my spine, �We don�t need to
worry about her identifying anyone. She won�t be around much longer.� I kept
trying to reassure myself that�s not what she meant. More visions of my bloated
corpse, only this time I was a slab of rigid, putrefying meat suspended from a
hook. I�ve read far too many trashy, sleazy true crime books. No more mobster
movies for this bitch! My imagination was running away again. It felt like the
time I was a teenaged girl and my parents went on vacation. I was home all by
myself and decided it would be fun to watch the Fright Night horror movies. I
couldn�t sleep even for a moment after that- every noise in the empty house was
a lurking axe murderer or sex killer. Every shadow and every closet concealed
an intruder. Poisonous spiders were crawling in the darkness. Snakes with razor
sharp fangs and cold wet skin slithered into my bedsheets.

&nbsp;

��� Why does fear only intensify my arousal?
Just as those scary nights when I�d masturbate myself to sleep, my panties were
slick with a buttery goo. Whatever these bitches intended to do to me, I was
waiting anxiously. I was mentally preparing myself for anything. I felt like an
animal in the jaws of a trap, resigned to its fate. My sexual nerves were
stretched taut as if I was suspended in a device that might at any instant
swing me into a wall of spikes. The thought gripped me that with the sudden
release of a spring I�d be nothing more than a voluptuous slab of putrefying
meat. The combination of fear and lust I felt in the presence of these sluts
was strange and perplexing. My mouth was going dry and the panties were
sticking to the roof of my mouth, my tongue and my teeth with a gummy paste. I
attempted to move them with my tongue so I could swallow the goo that
accumulated at the top of my throat. All I accomplished was causing me to
choke, which came out as some strange animalistic groans from my gagged mouth.
Inga looked into my face with a sneer, that sadistic smile, and pinched my
nostrils shut. My eyes bulged out of my head and I felt a panic rush over me
again. She casually taunted me, �Well, we don�t want our little bitch to choke
now, would we? Not before we�ve finished with her.� Her eyes left mine for a
moment and she looked behind me, nodding her head.

&nbsp;

���� I felt someone�s hands untying the knotted
scarf at the nape of my neck. Sharp fingernails scratched my delicate skin.
Inga pulled the panties slowly out of my mouth. They seemed to unravel as she
did so. I slowly felt the pressure and acrid taste in my mouth recede as she
drew out the last of the slopped up panties. They were thick and heavy with
slime- my saliva now added to the pasty filth. Inga held them up by the tips of
her fingers, snarling and raising her upper lip. Her feline teeth flashed in
the light, and turning her head to the side in disgust she squealed
�Ewwww....�� Inga dropped the squishy
panties on the countertop. They landed with a wet splat. �Leave these here,
Glenda. We might need them later. Ewwww, that slut�s mouth smells like a hot
cunt. I�d swear there were fumes rising off those hot panties.�

&nbsp;

���� Glenda had been watching me. Her hands
were in her jeans as she leaned forward and swayed her torso. Glenda was
glaring at me with lust, masturbating. Her tongue darted out to lick the drool
from her wet lips. Bending over the counter to sniff the panties, still
redolent with cuntslime, she continued to frig herself. �Glenda,� Inga cooed,
�she�ll be ready for you shortly. We�re going to break her in first, but
there�s no need to worry. We�ll preserve that cherry up her ass just for you.
I�m sure this dirty whore wouldn�t have it any other way.� I let out a moan,
and Inga shushed me by putting her finger to her lips. She pointed to the
panties. I knew if I spoke she�d stuff them in my mouth again.

&nbsp;

���� My hands were still tied behind my back
and my legs were tied at the ankles. I stood as motionless as possible because
I did not want to fall. What happened now completed my humiliation. Referring
to me as if I was not even present, or as if I were an inanimate object, I was
slowly stripped and inspected like a prize cow being auctioned off to the
highest bidder. Inga popped the buttons of my suit jacket and unclasped the
front of my bra. All of my suits are lined with silks and satins, or acetate,
so I rarely wear camisoles or slips- not even a half-slip. And I rarely wear
pantyhose, either. My stockings are typically raw silk and very sheer. Inga
pushed the jacket to each side, revealing my nipples. The crisp air of this
kitchen, with its stainless steel fixtures and cool tiles, assured that my
nipples remained fully erect. I was having an involuntary sexual reaction to
this humiliating treatment.

&nbsp;

���� Inga ran her hands over my breasts before
squeezing them. I gasped as her fingers dug into the sensitive flesh. She then
tugged and flicked my nipples, sizing them up for resilience and elasticity. I
winced in pain and hissed through my teeth with a sharp intake of breath.
Neither of these women looked me in the eyes as they inspected me this way. I
was a slab of cuntmeat to them, nothing more. Their comments, though flattering
my luscious body, were very demeaning. �Just listen to her yelping sounds,
Glenda, as I slap her tits. She�ll make some interesting noises when she�s
being fucked, certainly.� Inga moved her examining eyes lower. �Well, her belly
could use some toning.� Inga squeezed a roll of belly fat as she said this,
then smacked my belly with a resounding slap. I whined. �I suppose we should
check her cunt, thighs and ass now. Glenda, help me get this skirt down.�

&nbsp;

���� Their sudden exclamations made me regret
my choice of panties. I have a very chubby and protuberant mount and my labia
are equally prominent and pulpy. My pubic bush is rather thick and heavy as
well. The result was a very fat set of swollen lips and a thick bush plumping
out the front panel of my sheer pink panties. My pee had soaked this panel and
rendered it almost completely transparent. As I looked down at my fat cunt, I
saw a long vertical glob of pearly cream that oozed from my slit and through
the thin silk. My fully erect and tingling clitoris was poking out the silk
like a tiny hard cock. Inga and Glenda gushed at the purple-pink color and
abnormally large dimensions of my clitoris. When I was a girl, my clit grew so
large that I thought I was a freak. I cried and whimpered and wore two layers
of thick panties until a gynecologist told me not to worry, I was not a
hermaphrodite and that my large clitoris should be a source of great pleasure.
I suppose she was correct. My lovers always marveled at my huge clit.

&nbsp;

Inga
hooked the waist of my panties with her thumbs and tugged them down. The gluey
paste of my cunt adhered to them like a scab on a Band-Aid. As Inga pulled them
off, little stringlets of paste stretched across the widening gap until they
thinned out and snapped. As Inga and Glenda toyed with my clit and its fleshy
hood, my body shuddered. I nearly had an orgasm right in their faces. Their
fingers sent jolts of electricity surging through my pelvis and into my
nipples. I felt a buzzing sensation in my itchy cunt.

&nbsp;

���� Glenda stood behind me. I could feel the
heat of her body near mine and her steamy breath on my neck. I was startled by
the sudden touch of her hand on the back of my head. Her voice was venomous,
deep and throaty, with a sexual undertone. �Bend over, bitch. Inga, I think
you�ll have to hold her so she doesn�t fall on her slut face.� Inga grabbed my
hair and pulled it hard. Tears welled up in my eyes. Glenda�s thick fingers
grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled them apart. Her nails dug painfully into my
flesh, to the point I thought she�d draw blood. The hairs on the back of my
neck stood on end with fear and anticipation.

&nbsp;

They
had threatened me with sodomy. The point of Glenda�s fingernail lightly
scratched along my puckering anus. I felt the fingertip at my opening, then she
pushed it in. I groaned with pain. She slapped my ass and reminded me of the
panties she�d thrust back in my mouth. The fingertip pushed through the ring of
muscle. Inga covered my mouth with her hand and pressed my lips between her
ring and index fingers. I felt a pain surge through my anus as Glenda twisted
her finger around. She bent it inside. The pain was intense. I felt Glenda�s
sharp nail scratching the delicate membrane and I had to restrain myself from
biting Inga�s fingers as she hand-gagged me. Glenda began to rhythmically thrust
her finger in my asshole, rehearsing my impending sodomy. �She�s a tight cherry
asshole, alright. A light eater too. That sphincter is far too tight to pass
anything much thicker than my thumb. Of course, the resiliency of the rectal
canal can be healed, but I�m sure she�s never had any cocks up her ass. Maybe a
small dildo, but she hasn�t been stretched out at all. She�s got a hot, tight
satin-smooth ass to fuck.�

&nbsp;

���� Glenda pulled her finger out of my ass and
I was allowed to stand again. She put her dirty finger under my nose and told
me to sniff it. I twitched my nostrils and sniffled noisily, trying not to
inhale the earthy odor of that wet finger. She rubbed it under my nose so the
smell was unavoidable. She then forced my mouth open and made me suck her
finger clean. It was an acrid, salty, earthy taste that made me retch. The
filth of my asshole mingled with the taste of her nail polish and sweat. I
tried to rub the smeared smell off on my shoulder but she slapped me hard
across the cheek. Glenda hissed at me, �This whole room is going to smell like
the insides of your rectum by the time I�m finished with you.� She told me she
intended to ream me open from the ass out.

&nbsp;

���� I heard the heavy clip-clop of Glenda�s
high heels as she left the room. Her heels were as loud and thumping as the
hooves of a thoroughbred horse, but she was far more comparable to a cross-eyed
cow. When Glenda returned, she was hung like a racehorse with an enormous
strap-on cock. It bobbed on her waist as she strutted towards me. The derisive
sneer on her face was probably a response to the sight of my eyes bulging from
their sockets. The cock was not only very large and realistic, but I could
clearly see how heavy it was. Glenda slapped it a few times against her fat
belly before letting it plop against her thighs. It made a wet meaty smack
against her oily flesh.

&nbsp;

���� Inga had taken my head by a fistful of
hair and bent me over the icy cold steel countertop. I tried to turn my head
enough to see Glenda but Inga only tightened her hold on my hair. My sphincter
must have shut tight out of fear. Glenda had to use her fingers to pry it open
again. The pain shot through my entire pelvic region like a series of electric
shocks. If Glenda�s finger was so painful, how would her horsecock feel? The
vagina has an incredible elasticity and can expand sufficiently to expel a
baby, but what about the rectum? I knew from reading the sex advice columns in
Cosmo that membranes inside the rectum can tear from rough anal sex- that it
needed to be stretched gradually, not reamed open by a full-sized cock. I�d
passed a few painfully large turds through that tight cherry asshole, but aside
from an occasional finger I�d never stretched it far. I felt the sphincter
muscles clamp painfully hard on Glenda�s finger. 

�

���� Glenda walked in front of me, stroking her
strap-on cock with one hand and holding up her dirty index finger with the
other, still hot from my ass. Inga fish-hooked my mouth, that is, she stood
behind me and reached around my head, hooking her index fingers into the
corners of my mouth and pulling it open. Glenda stuck her finger in my mouth
and rolled it on my tongue, asking me, �Taste it, bitch? That�s your asshole on
your tongue. Do you like it?� She dipped it into the saliva that accumulated
inside my lower lip and under my tongue, swirling it around my mouth. Inga
released my mouth as Glenda sneered �Suck it clean, and if I feel your teeth on
it or if you bite me I will slap the snot out of your face.� 

&nbsp;

���� Glenda resumed her finger sodomy. �Oh, she
is tight! I�m going to get a good
workout breaking in this anal cherry slut!� Glenda twisted and arched her spine
like an athlete warming up and I heard a loud snap as she cracked her back,
followed by a few smaller cracks from various joints. Glenda�s hot, wet belly
pressed into my ass. I felt her hands pulling her cock into place. She slapped
my ass and thighs with that fat slab of imitation cockmeat while the smell of
her greasy body overwhelmed me. The round head pressed against my soft perineum
and I felt Glenda�s fingers in the split of my ass. Her thick gobs of spit
sizzled on my burning ass.

&nbsp;

The
cockhead pushed through the outer ring of muscle as pain shot through me again.
The ring clamped around the base of the head and held it inside me. I felt the
hard shaft slip deeper in my ass, stretching my anus like a painful turd. The
shaft was longer than any normal cock and I felt it enter my hollow rectum. The
head pushed its way into my belly. It must have reached the point of my belly
button. Glenda pulled back and then pushed in again. Waves of pain rippled
through me and I saw lights in my eyes. She was churning up my intestines with
her horsecock. �Is she ruined yet?� Inga purred, �Have you wrecked that whore�s
ass?� Glenda answered with her throaty purr, �I sloshed this cock so deep in
her tight pink asshole I think I rearranged her internal organs. Her doo-doo is
packed so deep and hard she�s not going to shit for a very long time. I ruined
her ass, yes I did.�

&nbsp;

���� Glenda pulled her horsecock from my ass
painfully slow. As it receded, I felt my insides resume their former position.
The pain did not abate for several long moments, but I felt a cold hollow in my
ass. Glenda literally reamed me open. My sphincter pulsed but never closed
entirely. I felt something sharp in my ass. I�d been stabbed by a needle and
injected with something. I saw Glenda put the empty syringe on the countertop.
�Barbara, we�ve just injected you with a poison that will kill you within six
hours. However, there is an antidote. I am a very expensive prostitute with an
eager clientele. You are now my �bitch,� my play toy to do with as I please. I
can fondle you, dress you any way I desire, or break you like a porcelain doll.
The choice is yours. I will flush the antidote down the toilet if it pleases me
to destroy you. I hope for your sake that you are as good a cunt-licking,
panty-sucking, ass-cleaning cumwhore as you are an anal slut. I have a client
this evening and I want you to tongue bathe me afterwards and to suck the cum
out of my ass. Consider it your final exam, and please excuse my
double-entendre.�

&nbsp;

3.
My Transformation.

&nbsp;

���� Glenda�s words sliced through me like a
blade. My entire life was instantaneously and forever altered. My former
existence evaporated like a puff of smoke. I had never been so roughly treated
before, yet I felt a kind of addiction to it. I wanted to be Glenda�s �bitch.� She had disgusted me when I first
saw her, but somehow her domination of me made me crave her. I needed it. I
wanted her slaps, her horsecock, her throaty voice and the musky odors of her
greasy, oversexed body. The worst thing she could have done to me was not to
destroy me, hurt me or ravish me- had she walked out on me I would rather have
been left there a rotting corpse. I needed her. The gratification of her lusts
was the meaning of my existence.

&nbsp;

���� I was taken to an upstairs bedroom of this
mysterious house. Whatever remained of my luxurious clothes were stripped away.
My precious jewelry was removed and dumped unceremoniously in a cheap cigar
box. My filthy body was left unwashed. Inga and Glenda each took turns adding
makeup to my face and body. I felt the heavy slime all over my face before they
held up a mirror. I already knew they wanted me to look like a garish
streetwalker. Even my nipples and cunt were lipsticked and glossed. My breasts
were heavily rouged. I sat through the tedious process of having a slutty
blonde wig woven onto my scalp, but only after my beautiful silky brunette hair
was cut short. My lips were swollen with plumping lotions, and they applied
tingling creams to my nipples to keep them erect. When my
glamour-to-trashy-slut makeover was complete, I was dressed in gaudy clothes
and cheap flashy jewelry. The makeup melted and oozed on my skin, the clothes
were tight and uncomfortable and my nose twitched at the overpowering smells of
sweaty, oversexed female flesh, dried cum, unwashed cunt and a curious mixture
of piss, alcohol and cheap perfume. I looked, smelled and felt like a jaded
used-up streetwalker.

&nbsp;

���� What happened next had me thrashing in
torment. I was tied up and tossed facedown on the bed. Remember Glenda�s filthy
panties and sodden pantyliner? If the other panties I�d been gagged with were
putrid with cuntslime, Glenda�s must have been marinated, stewed and spiced
with every secretion and goo that a hot cunt and ass could produce. Cunt hairs
were stuck in the dried fluids. I�d later learn that a creampie or two had
oozed from her holes into that crusty pantyliner. �Let�s get this good and wet
for you, Barbara, it�s no good to suck on when it�s all dried out.� She
squirted cloying milk from her nipples, spit on it and rubbed it around her
sweaty pudenda. As this filthy gag was packed into my mouth, my eyes rolled in
their sockets. My head began to spin. My face must have turned green and blue
and yellow, alternately. Besides the panty packing my mouth, my body swam in
the sweaty, icky clothes of some filthy prostitute.

&nbsp;

���� After a long ride on the floor of the van,
I was taken into a dilapidated old house with broken windows, plywood sealing
the front door and rats squeaking in the basement. Liquor bottles were
scattered on the floor and furniture. The latter consisted of a mildewed sofa,
loveseat, chairs with torn upholstery, and tables with peeling veneer. The
lampshades were in tatters. There were soiled condoms all over the place, with
torn open wrappers lying around. I heard a rhythmic banging from one bedroom
and a woman�s squeals from another. A Latina girl was arguing with a �john� in
the bathroom. She was screaming in his face about the price for vaginal sex. I
was still tied and gagged, but they sat me up on one of the chairs. I drew
stares and sneers, as well as a few comments and inquiries. Someone made persistent
inquiries as to how much I cost. The realization struck me like a slap in the
face that I was nothing more than a sex toy, a piece of merchandise for
satisfying perverse lusts.

&nbsp;

4.
Climax.

&nbsp;

���� Glenda disappeared up the stairs, followed
by five men. I listened to her moaning and screaming, realizing she was a
consummate sexual actress. She returned about forty-five minutes later looking
like she�d just been dunked in a vat of oily sweat. Her eyes were bulging and
glassy and her lips were swollen. She stank like hot cum. The men who had
fucked her left in a hurry, their lusts thoroughly satiated. Glenda looked
almost insane with lust. There were drops and streamlets of milky cum in her
hair and on her face. Her clothes were in complete disarray. Her eyes were no
longer human- she looked at me with the stunned eyes of a dumb animal. �Lick it
off of me, cunt. All of it. You�re going to tongue bathe me, from head to foot.
And you�re going to clean my orifices with your mouth.� My gag was removed and
my mouth rinsed with mouthwash, so my tongue would be clean for licking. Glenda
made me do this so it might provide a tingling sensation on her cunt.

&nbsp;

���� With Inga holding my head, I was kneeling
on the floor in front of Glenda. She peeled her panties from her bulging cunt
and I saw the gusset was filled with globs of cum. My tongue suddenly felt
bloated and paralyzed. Glenda turned around and bent over in front of me. Her
huge ass globes wobbled as she backed up slightly. Inga thrust my head into the
hot, steamy cleft. Glenda�s asshole was gaping open, with a black cavern
inside. The rim was deep red and oily. I only had a moment to see the pink and
red flesh of her bowels through the hole before my face was in it. The heat was
unbearable, like opening an oven door. I felt faint from inhaling the fumes
that emanated from deep within her body. I barely heard Inga�s growls, �Get
your mouth on it and suck. This may be the only meal we give you, so suck on it
hard.�

&nbsp;

���� I could barely breathe let alone suck. My
mouth fastened on the gooey ring. I tried to suck but the hot fumes made me
reel. Suddenly a sticky white mass of gluey cum splattered out of her ass and
into my mouth and face. I�m writing about this long afterwards when I am
familiar with terms that were foreign to me at the time. I�d just been served
up my first anal creampie. The hot cum almost singed my skin, boiled as it was
in the furnace of Glenda�s ass. It was in my eyes, my ears, my nostrils,
dripping off my chin... �Lick it up, bitch. Get her ass squeaky clean.� I did
as I was instructed to do. Every inch of Glenda�s body was covered by my
tongue. The entire bath took nearly an hour.

&nbsp;

����� One can only imagine the relief I felt as
Inga took out a syringe and injected me with the antidote. After being
thoroughly trained to clean Glenda with my mouth and to perform a myriad of
other servile and demeaning duties for her, I learned that the poison and
antidote routine was a ruse. I had been injected with harmless placebos. As for
servicing Glenda, I know the taste, smell and texture of every sweaty crevice
of her body and every orifice better than my own. My sweet candy tongue has
made Glenda a small fortune as she�s pimped me out to all her sleazy lovers. I
calculate that I�ve ingested several gallons of cum, not to mention every
secretion and discharge of the female body. Glenda�s sweat slakes my thirsty
tongue and her girl-cum nourishes me.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GabLez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





