BDSM Library - Juanita\'s Story




Juanita\'s Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: een takes money from thugs, and they take out vengeance on his girfriend and sister.







JUANITA�S STORY

 
  RICHARD
   jim
  2
  11
  2006-10-13T13:29:00Z
  2006-10-13T13:29:00Z
  1
  3917
  22328
  186
  52
  26193
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








JUANITA�S STORY

&nbsp;

Juanita was a
beautiful girl. She was 13, she was excited about entering high next fall, and
was very happy with everything in her life. But that was before the fateful
night in March. That night, her entire world changed forever, and it would
never be the same.

&nbsp;

It�s a crisp
March day and Juanita is heading home from middle school, looking forward to
the weekend. Now Juanita is a short, petite girl with dark brown hair. She
stands only 4�10�, but her body is filling out very well for her young age. Her
breasts, especially, had grown tremendously in the past year. This has not gone
unnoticed by the boys in her class, nor has it been unnoticed by the friends of
her older brother, Adrian. Juanita liked to wear cute little dresses and
skirts; they followed the budding shape of her curves very well.

&nbsp;

Her brother,
Adrian was the polar opposite of Juanita in terms of life direction. He had
fallen into a very bad crowd, hung with a bad crowd and had used drugs. In the
past year, though, he had cleaned himself up, and that made her very proud. He
was her big brother, and she loved him, even though at times he had made that
very hard.

&nbsp;

As she came home
from school, she just got home in time to watch her mother packing for her
weekend trip with her boyfriend. Eighteen-year-old Adrian and his girlfriend,
were going to stay with Juanita for the next few days. She said goodbye to her
mom and headed into the house. There was Beth, Adrian�s sixteen-year-old
girlfriend. She was blonde, and not much taller than Juanita, and the two of
them had become good friends during the 2 years that Beth was with Adrian.

&nbsp;

�Hey, munchkin!�
Beth teased, as Juanita entered the living room. 

&nbsp;

�Shut up,
shrimp!� she countered, as they both laughed.

&nbsp;

Juanita went into
the kitchen and got herself a drink, and she looked at how dressed up Beth was.
The dainty blonde wore a very slender red dress that hugged her petite figure
and she saw that nude tinted nylons were on her legs.

&nbsp;

�What�s the
occasion?� Juanita asked, motioning to the dress and hose.

&nbsp;

�Oh, Aide didn�t
tell you? Beth said. �We�re having another couple over tonight, not a cheesy
high school party, just a few friends. Plus, it�s our 13 month anniversary.�

&nbsp;

�13 months?! What
the heck is that? You do know that a year is 12 months, right?� Juanita asked,
smiling. �I mean, I KNOW you�re a blonde, but come on!�

&nbsp;

Beth gave a fake
scowl. �No, we just are both a bit different, so while everyone else worries
about a nice even year, we celebrate 13 months, just to be a bit different.�

&nbsp;

�Well, you two
ARE different, I�ll say that!� She says and laughs. She says that she better
change, too. And heads down the hall to her bedroom.

&nbsp;

Juanita went
through her closet, trying to find something to wear to make her look older
with the crowd coming by later. Finally, she settled on a nice, brown skirt
that came just above her knees, she would wear some nice white nylons with it,
and she grabbed a tight brown sweater to wear as well.

&nbsp;

She set the
clothes out then went out and asked her brother when the people were coming by;
she was told that they�d start coming over around 6.

&nbsp;

Juanita changed
into her new outfit, and then she sat and turned on the radio. She listened to
music for a while, while Adrian and Beth prepared for their party that evening.


&nbsp;

Adrian had gotten
some wine for the get-together and set it out on the table. As 6pm neared, the
guests began to arrive. 

&nbsp;

�Hey, girl!� said
Adrian as he opened the door to Beth�s friend Sara. Her date was parking the
car.

&nbsp;

�Hey,honey! How
are you?� called out Beth to her schoolmate.

�Where�s your
date?� she asked.

&nbsp;

�Oh, he�s parking
the car.� The 17-year-old brunette said, she was taller than Beth and was kind
of punk looking. Sara had a pierced nostril and multiple piercings in her ears.
She wore a short back top, tight black shorts, and black tights.

�Uh, Beth�. I
need to tell you something.� With that she called the blonde over to the side
of the room.

&nbsp;

As the girls
talked, two faces familiar to Adrian appeared at the front door.

&nbsp;

�What�s up,
biatch?� called out Jeff as he peered inside the house with his brother Matt
behind him. The two brothers were former associates for Adrian�s when he was
deep into the drug/crime life. He hadn�t seen them in over a year.

&nbsp;

�Long time, no
see, huh?� Jeff said, as a stunned Adrian let them into the house.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile Beth
had reacted unfavourably to Sara�s announcement that she was dating Jeff and
brought his brother because Juanita was coming, too. Sara insisted that the
boys were cleaned up and she said they had asked her if it was okay for them to
show up.

&nbsp;

�I don�t think
this was a good idea. You should�ve told me so I could�ve told Adrian.�

The pretty blonde
told her friend.

&nbsp;

Hearing the noise
in the living room, Juanita came strolling down the hall in her cute little
skirt outfit. She stopped in her tracks at the sight of Jeff.

&nbsp;

�Wow! Boy, little
Juanita sure has grown up, huh Adrian?� Jeff remarked as he and his brother
gazed at the little brunette hottie. He patted Adrian on the shoulder.

�We�re all
getting old, bro!� he joked.

&nbsp;

Juanita walked
over to Beth and asked her why the two buys were there and she was told the
reason.

&nbsp;

�I don�t know.
They were pretty bad guys, I don�t think they should be here.� She said
cautiously.

&nbsp;

�It�ll be okay,�
Nita� (her nickname for Adrian�s sister) �Sara says they are all cleaned up
now, relax.�

&nbsp;

The group
continued with some small talk, Juanita still felt uneasy about the whole
situation and she didn�t like the looks she felt Matt giving her across the
table.

&nbsp;

That said,
everything seemed to be okay. The couples joked and talked as they ate. After
dinner, they played some music and drank some wine.

&nbsp;

After a while,
Beth and Aide were both buzzed and started dancing. Shortly afterward, the
young couple started to kiss and make out.

&nbsp;

�There they go!�
said Sara with a smile.

&nbsp;

Adrian whispered
into Beth�s ear and began pulling her arm with him down the hallway. Beth
turned to the group with a smile and said they would be right back.

The couple
disappeared into Aide�s bedroom.

&nbsp;

Juanita was not
allowed by her older brother to drink. Rightly so, she thought, she was only in
junior high. She was, however, miffed about the people who were at the house
and more upset that Beth and Aide left her alone with the other three. She
decided to have some wine to spite Adrian.

&nbsp;

�Matt, could you
get me a little glass?� She asked Jeff�s brother sweetly.

He went into the
kitchen and reappeared with a half full wine glass.

&nbsp;

�There you go,
babe. Just take it slow, okay?� He told her as Juanita began to sip the wine.

&nbsp;

�That�s not bad.�
She said, and noticed a little smirk on Matt�s face and it almost seemed like
he winked at Jeff. She played it off, and started to chat with Sara.

&nbsp;

After about
twenty minutes, Sara looked at the clock and said she had to make a phone call
and went outside with her cell phone.

&nbsp;

Juanita was
feeling very woozy now, she thought she must have drank too much. She figured
she was seeing things, because Jeff and Matt left the room and walked down the
hallway to Aide�s room.

&nbsp;

In Adrian�s room,
the lovebirds were going at it for their anniversary. He had unzipped Beth�s
dress enough that her chest was exposed and he was kissing her tits and her
neck. His hands were working their way under her dress up her thighs.

&nbsp;

Suddenly, the
bedroom door opened and Jeff and Matt took in the sight as they entered.

&nbsp;

�Well, well look
at them go at it!� Jeff exclaimed.

&nbsp;

�Hey man!! Give
us ten minutes, we�ll be right out!� Adrian told the duo.

&nbsp;

They did not
leave. Instead Matt shut the door as Jeff stood beside the bed. 

&nbsp;

�Aide, man, we
need to talk.� Jeff said as his brother approached and stood next to him.

&nbsp;

�About what?�
Adrian asked as Beth pulled her dress up to cover herself.

&nbsp;

�About the $500
you still owe me, man. You can quit the dope man, but you can�t screw people
over!� As Jeff spoke, Matt sat down on the bed behind Beth.

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry, man.
I had to quit, I�ll get you some money on payday, I swear.� Aide pleaded as
fear began to overtake him. He knew how they were about people owing them
money.

&nbsp;

On the bed behind
Beth, Matt began lightly stroking her hair.

�I think homeboy
needs to be taught a lesson.� He says as Beth turns abruptly to face him.

&nbsp;

�Hey! Get your
hands off me, creep!� She tells Matt as she slides away from him towards her
boyfriend.

&nbsp;

Jeff reaches into
his pocket and removes a knife, which he holds up to Adrian�s face.

&nbsp;

�I think you�re
right, bro. Maybe we should have a little fun with his bitch to teach him some
to respect us.� Jeff cups Beth�s tit in his right hand, she pulls back, but bumps
right into Matt.

&nbsp;

�Knock it off!
Get out of here! Leave us alone!� she shouts at the two brothers.

&nbsp;

Just then, Sara
enters the room. The dark haired girl is smiling and carrying some rope, which
she hands to Jeff. He takes it and then throws Adrian onto the floor. Matt
grabs Beth�s arms when she tries to intervene.

&nbsp;

�What are you
doing, man?� Aide cries out as he hits the floor with a thud.

&nbsp;

�Sara, help me
tie up this punk!� Jeff calls to his girl as they both begin tying Adrian�s
wrists together behind his back, and then they bind his ankles together.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Matt
has started to grope Beth�s soft tits through her dress.

&nbsp;

�Stop it!! Get
out of here, please!!� The pretty blonde cries out.

&nbsp;

�Hey! Leave her
alone, motherfucker!� Adrian yells as his street side resurfaces in anger.

&nbsp;

�Shut the fuck
up, you dumbfuck!� Jeff says as he punches Aide in the face.

�You are gonna
watch as we fuck your bitch, then maybe you�ll learn not to screw people over.�

&nbsp;

�NOO! Leave her
out of this! Mmpph!� A rag stuffed into his mouth by Sara as she leers evilly
at Beth cuts off his protests.� Matt is
molesting Aide�s girlfriend as she cries on the bed. Jeff walks over and pulls
her onto her back, then yanks her dress down, exposing her bra-covered tits.

&nbsp;

�Get off me!!
Noo!� Beth argues as the two boys and Sara pin her down and begin to strip the
dress from her slender body.

&nbsp;

While this is
going on in the back bedroom, little Juanita lies passed out on the recliner in
the living room. Matt, who spiked her drink with Ghb, has drugged the young
teen. 

&nbsp;

Adrian is lying
on the floor, wrists and ankles bound and a gag in his mouth. His eyes are wide
with fear and rage as he is watching Matt and Jeff sexually assault his
girlfriend.

&nbsp;

Beth�s blonde
hair was lying all around her head as she struggled in vain against the two
brothers and the girl. Sara is kneeling on the bed above Beth�s head, pinning
her arms down. Jeff is removing his pants, preparing to rape her while his
brother holds her legs in place.

&nbsp;

�NOOOO!
DONNN�TTTT!! STOP PLEASSSEEE!! HELPPPP!� Came the cries from the hot blonde as
she saw that her violation was inevitable. Her red dress was pulled down to
expose her tits, her bra removed by force, and the lower part of her dress was
slid up her legs to her waist. Jeff climbed into bed and forcibly mounted her.

He tore away the
crotch of her hose and ripped off her panties.

&nbsp;

�NOOOO!!!NOOOOPLEASE!!!!!�
Beth cried again as Jeff forced his hard cock into her tight, young pussy. Her
slender legs were straining against Matt�s grasp, trying to break free from her
assault.

&nbsp;

Sara, kneeling
above her head and pinning Beth�s arms down, was grinning mischievously as she
watched her boyfriend fuck this girl in front of her.

&nbsp;

�Ughhh�Yeah�OhYeah�Damn
Aide, your bitch is a good fuck!� Jeff taunts the tied and gagged Adrian as he
lies on the floor watching the trio attack his girlfriend.

&nbsp;

Adrian�s face was
red with anger, and a stray tear dripped from his eye. Beth, on the other hand,
was crying profusely as Jeff�s meaty member pounded her.

&nbsp;

The blonde teen�s
perky tits bounced around with each thrust into her. Jeff noticed this and
started to kiss, lick, and suck on the soft mounds.

&nbsp;

�OWWWW!!
OHNOOOOO!! NOOOOO!! OHGODDDNOOOO!!!� Cried the pretty high school girl as her
assault continued.

&nbsp;

Turned on, Sara
leaned over Beth�s head and she began kissing her boyfriend while he was
fucking Beth beneath them.

&nbsp;

�UGGHHHHHHHH�AHHHHHHHHHH!�
Jeff shot off his load of cum deep inside of Beth, and then grabbed the back of
Sara�s head and kissed her very deeply.

&nbsp;

�That was a nice
fuck, bitch! Now, it�s my brother�s turn!� He smiled as he climbed off of her
and took over for Matt in holding her legs down. Matt rose up and dropped his
pants and climbed atop the sexy 16 year old.

&nbsp;

�OHNOOOO!!NOT
AGAIN, PLEASEEE!!!!!� She screamed in vain as the younger brother roughly
forced his dick into her pussy with a vicious thrust.

&nbsp;

While the second
consecutive rape of Beth was occurring, young Juanita was still out cold in the
recliner back in the living room. Her legs askew and her short skirt had ridden
up her thighs. Her dark hair was strewn across the side of her face as she
slept. She was unable to hear the cries for help coming from her brother�s
bedroom.

&nbsp;

Matt was pounding
his cock into Beth with authority; her entire body was bouncing up and down on
the bed.

&nbsp;

�Yeah!!Fuck her
good bro!!� said Jeff with a smile as his brother continued to fuck the young
blonde.

&nbsp;

Adrian was
shaking in anger and frustration on the floor. He tried as hard as he could to
break free from the binds on his legs and wrists. But, it was no use. He was
sobbing as the cries from his girlfriend filled the room.

&nbsp;

�Ughhhhh!
AAAAAHHHHHH!� Matt shoved his rod deep into Beth as he spurted a large load of
semen inside her womb. 

�Damn, this chick
is one fine fuck!� he exclaimed as he lifted off of her.

&nbsp;

Sara looked down
at the prone, broken teen and then over to her boyfriend at the foot of the
bed.

�What about me,
honey?� she asked Jeff �Can I get a turn with this sweet thing?�

&nbsp;

The two brothers
smiled and matt went to the head of the bed and pinned Beth�s arms down. Sara
got off the bed and unbuttoned her shorts and slid them down her legs.

&nbsp;

�Jeff, you switch
with Matt so I can kiss you while this bitch gets to work.� The brunette said
and the brothers swapped places. Sara then climbed on top of the blonde and
groped her tits and then straddled her face.

&nbsp;

�Ok Beth, now you
work that tongue in there, honey!� Sara told the girl as she sat upon her face,
she shimmied her hips about and Beth reluctantly began to pleasure the punk
girl. Sara kissed Jeff, the sensation from the oral pleasure making her move
her tongue wildly around his mouth.

&nbsp;

So, pretty blonde
Beth was on the bed, her legs pinned down by Matt. Her dress was pulled up to
her waist, exposing a gorgeous length of slender, hose-covered legs. Her naked
chest lay just below Sara as the brunette was riding her face. The brunette had
pulled her black tights down to her thighs and was working her body around
faster and faster.

&nbsp;

�OHHHHHH�Lick me
bitch!!!� Oh yeah!!� Sara moaned in
ecstasy.

With one last
swivel of her hips, her body arched back and she yelped and kissed her
boyfriend again as her orgasm hit.

�OHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHHHH!�

&nbsp;

She climbed down
and Beth gasped for air afterwards. She was crying and covered in sweat and
cum.

&nbsp;

Matt let go of
her legs (she was too exhausted to try to run now) and said he had one more
thing to do. Jeff let go of Beth�s arms and the two brothers flipped her over
on the bed. Matt ripped a hole in the ass of her hose, dropped his pants and
mounted her from behind.

&nbsp;

�NOOOOOOO!!OWWWWWW!�
Cried Beth as she felt him start to pound her asshole.

&nbsp;

Matt grabbed her
blonde hair and rode her ferociously.

�Yeahh�take it
bitch!!!!!� Matt growled as his brother Jeff looked down to where Adrian lay on
the floor.

&nbsp;

�You see what
happens when you fuck people?� he tauntingly told Aide. �You had to be taught a
lesson.�

&nbsp;

Matt was riding
the girl and came fairly quickly inside of her.

�OhhhhUghhhhhhhhYeah!�

He dismounted and
walked over to where Sara and Jeff stood.

&nbsp;

Down the hall,
Juanita had heard some commotion and groggily got up from the chair. She
staggered to her feet and struggled as she shuffled towards her brother�s room.

&nbsp;

�Now there is
still the matter of the dough you owe us.� Jeff said over Aide. Just then the
door creaked open and a very weary Juanita entered and at once took in the
scene.

&nbsp;

Her brother was
bound and gagged on the floor; Beth was nearly nude, sweaty and obviously had
been assaulted on the bed. Sara, Jeff, and Matt stood near Aide. The three all
looked to the junior high girl as she came into the room.

&nbsp;

�Like I was
saying,� Jeff said as Juanita wobbled on her feet, Sara came to her side and
held her steady. �You still owe us some money,� he starts to look little Nita
up and down �I think we can make that money with this pretty young thing over
here.�

&nbsp;

�MMPPHHHHH� Aide
yelled through the gag, as he shook his head no frantically. 

&nbsp;

�No! Don�t hurt
her, please! She�s only 13!!� Beth softly begged from the bed.

&nbsp;

Jeff smiled.� Sorry,
that�s the deal. We�re gonna make our money back with Nita and we�ll drop her
off when we are finished. If you two dipshits call the cops or tell ANYONE, you
will never see little sis again, you hear me?�

&nbsp;

Aide continues to
cry out through the gag and Beth starts crying again. Jeff walks over to where
Sara stands beside Juanita and caresses the young girl�s tits through her
sweater. 

�Oh yeah, we will
make plenty of dough with this little hottie. Of course, we need to test drive
her first. Let�s get her in the van.� Jeff says as he and his girlfriend take
the drugged teenager away.

&nbsp;

Matt has
approached Beth again, he grabbed both of her tits and squeezed.

�Don�t worry,
honey. We will see you again when we are done with the little chick!� He smacks
her ass and laughs as he leaves the room.

&nbsp;

Juanita is being
led down the hallway as she staggers. She is awake, but very woozy.

&nbsp;

�What�s going
on?� she slurred as the trio led her out the front door to the awaiting van.

&nbsp;

�Sara, go grab
some of her clothes for the weekend.� Jeff tells his girlfriend as the brothers
help load the drunken Juanita into the back of the van.

&nbsp;

Minutes later,
Sara returns with a bundle of clothes. She climbs into the drivers� seat and
tosses the clothes into the passenger seat. The two boys are in back with
little Nita.

&nbsp;

The teen was
lying on the mattress in the back of the van; she was in and out of
consciousness. The two guys are leering at the young beauty.

&nbsp;

�Okay, heads or
tails for who pops her cherry?� Jeff calls out and flips a coin as Sara starts
the van.

�Tails!� calls
Matt. The coin is caught and flipped by Jeff.

�Lucky bastard!
You got it, tear that pussy up!� Matt says to his brother.

&nbsp;

Matt slides his
hand up the silken smooth nylon covered legs of Juanita. He moves up under her
dress and pulls the dress up to her waist. Laying her flat on her back, he also
spreads her legs apart as her drops his pants. He leans in and squeezes her
budding tits through her sweater and starts to unbutton the tight brown top.
Her bra-covered tits are soon exposed and then the bra is pulled off. Matt then
pulls the waistband of her nylons down and tears the crotch away and also yanks
off the girls� panties. The shock of this startles the young girl awake. She
comes to noticing her naked chest and a man on top of her, preparing to take
her innocence.

&nbsp;

�No! What are you
doing? Stop it!� Juanita cries out as Matt laughs and starts to force his
member into her virgin pussy.

&nbsp;

�Yeah, pop that
bitch!!� Cheers on Jeff as he watches.

&nbsp;

Matt smiles at
Nita and tells her what is going on.

�My bro and I are
just gonna test you out before you start working off your brother�s debt. Oh
yeah�. Nice and tight�you should make that money back in no time!�

&nbsp;

He pushes into
her harder and harder, finally running into her hymen. With a squeeze of her
tits and a vicious thrust, he takes her virginity.

&nbsp;

�OWWWWWWWW!NOOOOO!�
Yells Juanita as Matt starts to pump her faster and harder.

&nbsp;

As Nita is losing
her virginity in the back of this van while being driven to even greater horrors,
her brother and his girlfriend are crying back at the house.

Beth has untied
Aide and they are holding each other and weeping over what has happened and
what will surely happen to little Nita.

&nbsp;

�OWWWWW!
OHMYGODDD!!� cries Juanita in the van as Matt is fucking her; he holds her legs
up at his waist while he pounds the poor girl.

&nbsp;

�UGHHHHHH�OH
Yeah!!!!� Matt�s load is shot deep into her formerly virgin hole. He pulls back
and slaps his brother on the shoulder.

�Damn! She is soo
tight�. you�re gonna shoot off in five minutes! It feels so good though!�

&nbsp;

Jeff takes his
brother�s place and after removing his pants, he mounts the 13 year old.
Stuffing his engorged cock into her lubricated pussy, he starts driving into
the groggy girl.

&nbsp;

�NOOOO!!UHHHHHHHHHOWWWW!�
Nita cried, she was very woozy still, but it hurt tremendously when Matt took
her innocence, and it hurt as Jeff fucked her now.

&nbsp;

The young girl
was on her back, on the mattress. Her dark hair was strewn about, her budding
young tits were exposed and her skirt was bunched up around her waist. Jeff was
on top of her pumping into her as he held her white nylon covered legs to his
sides.

&nbsp;

Sara was driving
the van to the meeting place where they would proceed to sell Juanita�s body
for money to anyone who wanted to fuck her.

&nbsp;

The driver looked
over to Matt. �So, how much are we gonna charge to fuck this bitch?�

The site of his
brother fucking this little brown haired girl enthralled Matt. He snapped
upright as he heard Sara�s question.

&nbsp;

�I dunno, I�d say
$50 for a fuck, $20 for a blow job. We�ll have that dough back in no time PLUS
some extra!�

&nbsp;

Sara smiled and
agreed as the drove down the street. The passing cars had no way of knowing
that inside the van a young teen was being assaulted and will then have her
body sold for sex.

&nbsp;

After Jeff
deposited his seed into the girl, he lifted off of her and pulled his pants up.

&nbsp;

Juanita rolled
onto her side, crying.

&nbsp;

Shortly after,
the van pulled up to the house where the brothers ran their operation.

They pulled into
the garage and parked.

&nbsp;

�Okay, let�s get
our little whore ready for business!� Matt says gleefully as they grab Juanita
and drag her into the house and down to the back room.

&nbsp;

The room contains
only a bed and no other furniture.

&nbsp;

�What are you
going to do with me?� the sobbing Nita asked.

&nbsp;

�You must be
messed up!� Matt tells her �I told you in the van, you are gonna pay off
Adrian�s debt with your body. Now, the better you do, the quicker we can take
you home.�

&nbsp;

The young teen
started to cry even harder as the memory of what he said before came back to
her. Juanita was thrown onto the bed and handcuffed to the headboard. The two
men left the room; Sara stayed behind and leered at young Nita.

&nbsp;

�I still need my
turn for a test drive, bitch!� Sara said as she stroked the brunette�s long
hair. She then stripped her own shorts and tights and climbed into bed with the
young, scared teen. She then moved up and forced into the face of Juanita.

&nbsp;

�Now, get to
work, babe and you better be good!� Sara smacks Nita�s face and pulls her head
right into her. 

&nbsp;

Nita begins to
work her tongue around Sara�s vagina, with the Goth looking teen groaning in
pleasure.

�AHHHHHHOHHHH!�

&nbsp;

After 15 minutes
and two orgasms by Sara, Jeff came into the room.

&nbsp;

�Come on babe,
the guests are arriving and we need to make some money!�

Sara smiles and
got off of the bed and pulled her clothes back on, she kissed Juanita on the
cheek and left the room.

&nbsp;

Juanita was a
wreck; she had been fucked twice and was made to perform oral sex on Sara. Her
sweater was buttoned partially, up her chest, and her bra was long gone. The
girl�s short skirt was wrinkled and was halfway up her thighs. Her nylons were
pulled back up but the crotch was torn away and her panties were gone. She was
in perfectly presentable condition for those who would soon be paying money to
fuck her.

&nbsp;

Soon, the men
began to arrive, a few at first, then more and more. Before long, word of mouth
spread and dozens of men came by to have a romp with this young vixen.

&nbsp;

The only sounds
audible to Jeff, Matt and Sara were the loud grunts of happy, horny men and the
cries and grunts of little Juanita as she was fucked for hours on end.

&nbsp;

There were the
three sets of men who wanted to bang her two at a time. Of course, there were
many men who paid double to fuck her asshole as well as her tight pussy. And
she was made to give too many blowjobs to count.

&nbsp;

By the end of the
night, Juanita was lying on the bed, her hair all mussed, her sweater torn from
her body leaving her chest exposed. It was covered with semen, sweat and tears.
Her skirt was tattered but still somewhat in place over her tattered nylons and
sore, wet crotch. Cum dripped down her thighs and also from her red lips onto
her face and neck.

&nbsp;

As the morning
approached, Jeff and Matt came into the room were the sore and abused Nita laid
on the bed.

�

�Looks like we
can take your skank ass home.� Jeff says with a wad of bills in his hands. �Get
her ready to go.� He tells Sara, who walks over and caresses the young girl.
She then dresses Nita in a clean outfit and takes away the soiled clothes. Then
she helps the wobbly girl to her feet and leads her to the front room.

&nbsp;

Jeff takes a
piece of paper and gives it to Sara.

�Make sure you
leave this with our little party favor here.� He pats Juanita on the head.

&nbsp;

The trip loads
her into the van and drives back to her house. When they arrive, Sara puts the
paper into her hand and tells her to give it to Aide. The brunette was then
shoved out the door into her driveway.

&nbsp;

Still sobbing,
the teen walked uneasily into her house.

&nbsp;

When Adrian and
Beth heard the door, they jumped up. They started to cry when they saw young
Juanita. She was battered and stained; she had been fucked repeatedly for hours
in every way imaginable. 

&nbsp;

The pair embraced
Juanita and then she gave Adrian the paper from her hand. He opened it and
covered his mouth and cried.

&nbsp;

Inside were a
note and two pics of Juanita being fucked by several men. The note said that
they were taking Juanita again next Friday and Beth, as well. If they were not
made available, they would be killed. The quote on the page was in big, bold
letters: YOUR GIRLS BELONG TO US NOW!!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





