BDSM Library - Next Appointment




Next Appointment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Every six months you need to have a dental examination. However, this time it will different.








For the last five months Stephanie and I had continued seeing each other
outside of the office

 
  murphys
   jim
  2
  14
  2006-10-05T01:15:00Z
  2006-10-18T11:22:00Z
  2006-10-18T11:22:00Z
  1
  1658
  9453
  Goodlaw Services Limited Partnership
  78
  22
  11089
  10.2625
 
 
  KUSSNERF\5358643.2
 

 
  
  
  
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Next
Appointment � SFCityDom � 2006

&nbsp;

For
the last five months, Stephanie and I have continued seeing each other outside
of the office. I have tried to convince her to see another dentist; however,
she refuses. Our relationship has moved beyond just the sexual. Nonetheless, we
really don�t go out and about in the town we live. We have gone on weekend
getaways and enjoyed many evenings at my home. I have since added a dental
chair to my play space and keep a set of dental tools and scrubs at home. Although
I enjoy our time together and our relationship is consensual, I am really
putting my license at risk. 

&nbsp;

Together
with our play we have had many conversations about desires and interests. One
overriding theme that comes up over and over again is her desire to experience
a woman. Now what red-blooded male wouldn�t want to see two beautiful women
together? It is time that she learned the extent of my debauchery.

&nbsp;

Dinner
at my home Friday evening.

&nbsp;

�I
see that you are scheduled for a check-up next Tuesday.�

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I can�t wait.�

&nbsp;

�Are
sure you don�t want to see another dentist?�

&nbsp;

�No.�

&nbsp;

�If
we ever take our relationship public, there will be a lot of looks cast my
way.�

&nbsp;

�So,
we will not go public. I rescheduled my appointment to 5:30.�

&nbsp;

�Why?�

&nbsp;

�I
want to be your last appointment for the day.�

&nbsp;

Tuesday
5:20pm

&nbsp;

I
walk to the front desk where the office staff is preparing to go home for the
evening. I go through the motions of retrieving Stephanie�s files as if I had
no idea that she was my last patient.

&nbsp;

The
office staff says good night as they leave for the evening.

&nbsp;

I
poke my head into the waiting room and there she is. She is wearing a nice
loose skirt and I am sure, no panties.

&nbsp;

�Hi,
Stephanie I am ready for you.�

&nbsp;

As
she gets up, �Hi, Doctor how are you.�

&nbsp;

�Fine,
thank you.�

&nbsp;

�And
yourself?�

&nbsp;

�I
am great,� she says a bit too enthusiastically.

&nbsp;

We
make our way to the examining room. Stephanie bumps into me in a manner that
only people whom are close do. She eagerly climbs into the chair. I place the
dental bib on her and secure the chain around her neck. Laying out the dental
tools, I notice Stephanie is looking a bit glassy eyed at me.

&nbsp;

�Will
we be alone?� she whispers to me.

&nbsp;

�Shhh,�
I reply.

&nbsp;

I
take my seat on the stool and swivel around to do the examination. Stephanie
looks at me with a big smile.

&nbsp;

�I�m
sorry I am late,� a voice comes from behind me.

&nbsp;

�Oh,
hi, Janet. Stephanie, this is Janet. She is studying to be a dental assistant.
You don�t mind if she assists me?�

&nbsp;

�Ah.
No. I guess,� Stephanie states, disappointment in her voice.

&nbsp;

Janet
places her bag in the corner and takes a seat on the other side of Stephanie. 

&nbsp;

Janet
is an attractive woman in her mid twenties. She is about 5�8�, slim with
smallish breasts and a great ass. She has lightly tanned skin, beautiful dark
eyes and long brunette hair. Her hair is in a ponytail and she is dressed in
typical dental scrubs. 

&nbsp;

�Stephanie
has excellent teeth,� I comment.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
smiles.

&nbsp;

I
begin examining Stephanie�s jaw, mouth and gums.

&nbsp;

As
Stephanie begins to slide her tongue along my fingers, I nod to Janet. With my
nod, Janet places her hand on Stephanie�s inner thigh, just above the hemline
of her dress.

&nbsp;

With
Janet�s touch, Stephanie stop moving her tongue and looks at me surprised. 

&nbsp;

�It
is ok,� I assure her.

&nbsp;

With
my fingers in her mouth, Stephanie begins sucking on them as Janet continues
moving her hand along Stephanie�s leg. Janet forces her fingers between
Stephanie�s thighs. With this action, I know that Janet has found Stephanie�s
pussy. Even with Stephanie�s skirt in the way, I can tell that Janet�s fingers
are in Stephanie�s pussy and by her breathing. Between my fingers in her mouth
and Janet�s in her pussy, Stephanie is close to coming. 

&nbsp;

As
Stephanie begins to come, she closes her mouth around my fingers. Her hips buck
as Janet forces her fingers deep. I remove my fingers from her mouth as the
last of her orgasmic wave leaves her. 

&nbsp;

�Are
you ok?� I ask.

&nbsp;

�Yes.�

&nbsp;

I
lean down and kiss her.

&nbsp;

�I
want both of you to strip.�

&nbsp;

Janet
removes her hand from under Stephanie skirt and Stephanie gets up and shyly
undresses. Janet simply peels her clothes off then reaches in her bag and
retrieves a rather large, black, strap-on dildo, at least 8 inches long and 2
inches in diameter. Janet secures the strap-on, applies some lube and begins to
stroke the massive toy.

&nbsp;

�Where
is that thing going?� Stephanie asks.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
you worry.� I reply.

&nbsp;

�Are
you ok?� I ask.

&nbsp;

�Yes.
I am fine. Just a bit taken aback.�

&nbsp;

I
position myself at the head of chair.

&nbsp;

�Stephanie,
I want you on all fours facing me.�

&nbsp;

She
climbs up on the chair and takes her position. I adjust the height of the chair
so that her mouth is easily accessible by my cock. With Stephanie on all fours,
Janet sits at the foot of the chair.

&nbsp;

I
pull my cock form my scrub pants and it is quickly in Stephanie�s mouth. She
has learned to truly enjoy giving me head. I love putting my hands on her face,
feeling the edge of her lips as they enclose my cock. The feeling of cock,
mouth and spit sliding together is one of my most sensuous experiences.

&nbsp;

Janet
leans forward and begin licking between Stephanie�s legs. I know how wonderful
that smooth pussy is to lick. I enjoy the view of her buried between
Stephanie�s legs and my cock grows even harder. I begin fucking Stephanie�s mouth.
Over the past several months, she has developed the ability to take my cock
deep into her mouth.

&nbsp;

With
Janet sucking, Stephanie begins to squirm and roll her hips. I can feel her
moans against my cock.

&nbsp;

Picking
up a pair of black rubber mouth props (the rubber blocks used to keep your
mouth open), I tell Stephanie to open her mouth and place the props, one on
each side of her mouth. With the props in place, she cannot close her mouth.

&nbsp;

As
I prop open Stephanie�s mouth, Janet stands up and rubs the head of the
strap-on around Stephanie�s pussy. As Janet inserts the head of the strap-on,
Stephanie takes a deep breath. She struggles against the mouth props as she
attempts to grit her teeth in order to handle the size of the strap-on.

&nbsp;

I
slide my cock into Stephanie�s propped open mouth and push it deep down her
throat. I feel her struggle and gag against my cock. As I violate her mouth,
Janet thrusts the strap-on fully into Stephanie�s cunt. What would have been
screams of pain are simply grunts and gags felt only by the head of my cock. 

&nbsp;

I
push Stephanie lower by the shoulders, which rolls her forward, pushing her ass
higher in the air.� I am able to see
Stephanie�s pussy stretched as Janet thrusts the black cock deep within her.
With each thrust, Stephanie�s pussy is stretched wide while her pussy lips
cling to the hard cock as Janet withdraws it.

&nbsp;

With
her mouth forced open by the props, Stephanie can�t keep the spit dripping from
her mouth and her spit now covers my cock and balls. Watching this beautiful
young woman being filled and violated is too much for me to hold out. 

&nbsp;

�Fuck!�
as I pull her off my cock by her hair.

&nbsp;

I
grab my cock and spray my load into her gaping mouth and across her face. Janet
continues fucking Stephanie hard and deep. I let go of Stephanie�s hair and
step back. Her face is a mess of spit and cum.

&nbsp;

I
kneel in front of Stephanie and lift her head by the hair. She looks at me. 

&nbsp;

�I
want to see your eyes and feel your breath as she fucks you with that big cock
of her�s. Do you want to come again?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.�
she gasps through the spit and cum.

&nbsp;

�OK.�

&nbsp;

Janet
continues fucking as I grab Stephanie�s nipple and give a firm pinch. Squeaking
with the pinch, she holds her breath as she begins to come. She releases her
breath, spit and cum dripping from her mouth, as Janet drives that black cock deep
into Stephanie�s stretched pussy.

&nbsp;

As
her orgasm subsides, I reach into her mouth and remove the props and Janet
withdraws the strap-on. With her mouth free, Stephanie moves her jaw from
side-to-side. I grab a towel and wipe the mess from her face.

&nbsp;

�Jeeze
that was amazing.� Stephanie says. 

&nbsp;

�Get
up.� 

&nbsp;

Stephanie
gets up and stands next to me as Janet removes the strap-on and places it on
the counter. 

&nbsp;

I
adjust the chair to be in a more normal upright position. 

&nbsp;

�Janet,
have a seat. Lets see how Stephanie does at eating pussy.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
quickly looks to me and become shy and embarrassed.

&nbsp;

�Oh
yes. You are going down on her. I will tell you what to do.�

&nbsp;

She
hesitates; I grab her by the back of the neck and force her face between
Janet�s legs.

&nbsp;

�Now,
take your hands, spread her lips apart and give her clit a kiss.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
hesitates a bit and I give her slap on the ass.

&nbsp;

�Do
what I told you and listen only to me.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
spreads Janet�s lips and begins licking and sucking Janet�s clit. Janet rolls
her head back and moans in response. 

&nbsp;

�Now
suck her lips into your mouth and pull them tight.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
sucks and holds onto the inner lips of Janet�s pussy. Stephanie tilts her head
back, forcing Janet�s lips to be pulled taut. I begin smacking Stephanie�s ass
hard.

&nbsp;

�Use
your right hand, take two fingers and slide them into her pussy and then lick
her clit.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
inserts her fingers into Janet�s pussy and begins sucking her clit. Janet moans
with Stephanie�s attention.

&nbsp;

I
then begin slapping Stephanie�s pussy. I can hear Stephanie moan with each slap
on her pussy. With the completion of my slaps, I slide my fingers into her pussy.
She is soaking wet.

&nbsp;

With
Stephanie bent over, going down on Janet, I pick up the strap-on dildo and
begin fucking Stephanie with it. I love watching her pussy being violated by
the toy.

&nbsp;

�Remember,
listen to my instructions. Janet�s ramblings are of no importance. Fuck her
harder with your fingers.�

&nbsp;

As
Stephanie increases the pace of her finger fucking of Janet, I increase my
fucking of Stephanie.

&nbsp;

�Ok.
With your left hand, pull back the hood of her clit. She is close to coming.�

&nbsp;

�It
is too sensitive.� Janet states.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
listen to her. Stephanie, do you want to come?�

&nbsp;

�Yes.�


&nbsp;

�You
can come when Janet comes.�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
ups the pace on Janet and I fuck Stephanie even harder. Janet holds her breath
and begins to come.

&nbsp;

�Fuck.�
From Janet between breaths as she pushes her pussy onto Stephanie�s mouth and
tongue.

&nbsp;

With
Janet�s orgasm, I feel Stephanie�s pussy tighten around the dildo as she begins
to come. I push the dildo deep into Stephanie and begin to slap her clit with
my hand.

&nbsp;

�I
am coming!� Her voice is muffled by Janet�s pussy.

&nbsp;

I
withdraw the dildo from Stephanie as she finishes eating Janet. I slap
Stephanie on the ass. Janet leans over and kisses Stephanie. 

&nbsp;

Stephanie
turns to me and gives me a hug and a kiss.

&nbsp;

�Thank
you,� she says.

&nbsp;

�You�re
welcome.� I reply.

&nbsp;

�Is
everyone in the dental field kinky?� Stephanie asks.

&nbsp;

�No.
However, Janet is actually a patient of another dentist a friend of mind. She
also has a dental thing.�

&nbsp;

�Wow�
she replies.

&nbsp;

�Perhaps
it is time that I explain the dental D/s sub-culture.� 

&nbsp;

�What?�
She asks.

&nbsp;

�There
are many dentist and patients that share our desires.�

&nbsp;

�There
are!� she replies.

&nbsp;

�Yes.
We put the D/s into DDS.�

&nbsp;

�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SFCityDom


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





