BDSM Library - The Awakening




The Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new submissive is lead on a journey of submission by her Master







 The awakening part 1

 
   Corcoran
   jim
  2
  685
  2006-10-19T12:50:00Z
  2006-10-19T12:50:00Z
  1
  9574
  54574
   Home use
  454
  128
  64020
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






�The awakening part 1

&nbsp;

As the taxi drove through the
Oxfordshire countryside I lent forward and wound down the window, the warm spring
air blew around me, the scent of Elder, Hawthorn and grass heavy in the breeze,
the dappled sun shining on to open fields, as the clouds roll through the
heavens, crops beginning to sprout as Nature begins another cycle. I sat back
as I thought of what was to come, meeting Cathy for the first time as my
submissive. We had met twice before once for lunch and then an afternoon but
never as Master and sub, it would be an interesting session. I had spent many
months online with her turning her from a na�ve, willing woman into a
submissive ready to move on to the contact she had craved from the outset of
our relationship. Cathy had
shown a remarkable capacity to learn and accept her submissive nature, she was
never fazed by thoughts of the pain or humiliation she was likely to submit to
under my ownership but often surprised me by her expressed need to feel this. 

I had taken her slowly along the path and in
March had collared her as my submissive, registering her on the Slave register
site under ownership number 95-475-6111 as the property of Master Principal. I
had sent her a smart thin silver collar to wear it had a D/s symbol in a
pendent hanging from it but to the uninitiated it was a chic piece of
jewellery. 

At the last meeting we had discussed today, I
preferred to do it face to face and not on MSN, I needed to see her reaction to
my plan, to feel her aura as she was informed of my plans for the day. Cathy
had again surprised me, had we had time she would have been happy to have
rushed off there and then and fallen at my feet.

�I had
told her that I intended to rent a small cottage I knew not far from her and
kit it out for the month we should have three good sessions in that time. She
was told how I would expect her to go there two hours before I would arrive and
prepare her self and the cottage for my arrival. I laid out my plans for the
first session and saw her shiver slightly in anticipation as she heard my plans
for her introduction to becoming my submissive. 

&nbsp;

I had picked out the cottage as it had high
ceilings with some good solid beams and was detached with no close neighbours
to disturb. I had checked out the furnishings, it had all I would need, two
good high backed chairs, a long waist high table, a wooden framed bed and room
for her basket.

I had visited it the day before bringing my
�equipment� with me. The cottage was now ready Cathy had a key and had received
a message from me telling her to arrive there at 10.0�clock, to bring a short
black dress, black high heeled shoes, stockings suspenders a white underwear
set high cut knickers and soft bra. She was to wear little makeup and what she
wore was to be subtle as was her perfume.�
�

When she arrived she was to prepare some food,
I had given her a menu and left the ingredients in the kitchen. Then she was to
tidy up, go have an enema and shower, clean the bathroom and then dress in the
clothes specified. She was then to go to the living room and open the cupboard
and lay out the equipment in there on the small side table, kissing each piece
as she put it out. Then she was to sit and wait for my arrival. I would turn up
at 12. 0�clock exactly and she was to be by the door kneeling, her head
touching the floor her arms alongside her body her knees together. She was to
go to that position at 11.50 and wait.

&nbsp;

As we pulled up I glanced out at the door would
she be there or had she not found the strength to come? I paid off the taxi and
took out my key and walked to the door. I opened the door and Cathy was there
as instructed. I smiled and walked past her not speaking, I went to the table
checking the equipment it was all there. Then I went into the kitchen to check
the food was prepared as instructed before checking the bathroom was cleaned up
after her shower.

�I sat in
one of the high backed chairs facing the door, �Come to me Cat� she lifted her
head and moved toward me her crawl stilted as she was unused to it, she crawled
to the side of my chair her head still down, I reached forward and patted her
hair �well done little one� for coming and carrying out your instructions� I
lifted her head �Sit up and kiss me� she rose on to her knees and leaning
forward found my lips with hers, my tongue drove into her moist cavity, she
crushed my mouth with savage need, her breathing rapid, I slid my hand over her
breast flicking her nipple it rose under my touch, I pulled her to me my hand
around her neck my tongue deep in her mouth she moaned as I did so. Pulling
back I gathered my thoughts as this point I want to rip her clothes off and
fuck her there and then. �Stand in the middle of the room slut� Cat went to
rise, �Crawl� I ordered, and she dipped her head and whispered �Sorry Master�
and moved to the centre of the room. She stood her head down her arms behind
her as she had been taught. �Remove your dress� Cat blushed this would be the
first time she had been in this position with me the blush seemed to go all
over. She moved her hands to the zip at the back and pulled it down then
holding the dress by the shoulders still looking down she pulled it off her
shoulders and down her body, as she undressed I took in her figure, very
attractive some work to do on the hips and bottom but not bad, good breasts a
little large but as she was young they were firm, her nipples were prominent
under the soft bra one of the reasons I had chosen it. I knew Cat did not
normally wear dresses or stockings, more a trousers and top type, the dress and
underwear were part of my process to separate her from her real life. Cat stood
there in her underwear, her breasts spilling out from the white bra, her legs
showcasing the thin white suspender straps running to her stockings which
encased her thighs, the high cut panties revealed her pussy outline as she
stood there, a small moist patch beginning to form as she became aroused. �Open
you legs and place your arms behind your head� I instructed her. Cat complied
quickly this pushed her ample bust out further her leg muscles tightened as she
moved her self into the position I had ordered, I waited for a few minutes
before giving her next instruction � Lower your arms and remove your bra� Cat
glanced at me briefly before dropping her head again and then lowering her arms
moved them to the clip at the back of her bra and undoing it, she pulled the
bra down holding it in front of her before placing it on the seat of the other
chair on top of the folded dress and returned to her spot, her face down her
arms back behind her large breasts now revealed to me her nipples erect as she
blushed. �Twist your nipples slut get them hard for me� Cat slowly moved her
arms and slid one over her left nipple, tentatively she began to rub it �Did I
tell you to do something slut� I barked she dropped her head �Yes Master� �Then
do it� she moved both hands to her tits and began to pull on the erect nipples
twisting them in her fingers. After a short while I gave her permission to stop
the areoles were red and her nipples very hard by this time �Now strip to your
stockings and shoes Cat complied quicker this time, when she had finished she
stood naked before me, except for her suspender belt stockings and shoes, her
pussy was swollen but well shaved as I had instructed. �Move to the back of the
chair and lean over it� Cat moved slowly to the chair and standing close to it
lent over the high back the top under her midriff. Her breathing was ragged she
shook slightly as she anticipated what was about to happen. I moved to the
table and picked up the thin rattan cane, a ball gag and some cuffs, I moved
back to Cat and kneeling in front of her placed the cuffs �to her lips and she lent forward to kiss them
�Thank you Master� I then placed them around her wrists before securing them to
the chair legs, I moved behind her and tapping the inside of her thighs told
her to open them I secured her ankles to the rear legs before sliding my hand
up her thigh and over her wet pussy, a finger slid in to her moist opening
probing, my thumb found her clit and massaged it slowly Cat moaned and moved
under my ministrations. I with drew my fingers and standing up moved back to
the front of the chair and presented my fingers to her mouth she lent forward
and cleaned them with her tongue as I played gently with her nipples as they
hung down. I picked up her head with one hand and with the other placed the cane
against her lips, again she lent forward and kissed it �thank you Master� Then
I placed gag against her lips, as she kissed it and thanked me she glanced up at
me I saw the fear in her eyes as this was the first time she had been fitted
with one �Trust me little one� she looked down again and parted her lips I
pushed the 2� rubber ball past her lips into her mouth lodging it behind her
teeth, she probed it, I could feel her tongue pushing against it, she closed
her mouth against it, but found little movement. I pulled the straps around her
face the top strap split to allow her nose to come through then I secured them
all at the back of her head pushing the ball home as I tightened the gag into
place. Cat coughed a little not used to the intruder and a little saliva
started dribbling down her chin as she could not stop the natural reflex from
kicking in.

I moved around to the back of the chair and
lent to kiss her round bottom as she twisted slightly before I began to massage
it and slid my fingers back into her wet pussy two then three, my thumb rubbing
her clit as I pump in and out feeling her begin to match my actions I smile she
is relaxed. I carry on for a while but as she gets close to her orgasm I pull
out and step back, Cat moans and wiggles her arse I smile and pick up the cane
and tap it gently against her cheeks, she tenses �Relax little one� she sighs
and her muscles slacken, I move the cane back and bring it down across both
cheeks flicking the end of the stroke she jumps and tenses a muffles yelp
coming from her mouth, I rub the red welt and wait for her to settle before
tapping her arse again and bringing the cane down onto one cheek no flick the
cane beds into her flesh she jumps again the chair moving slightly, I continue
one on each cheek alternatively with an odd one across both never too hard but
stinging. After 10 strokes I stop and go around to the front of the chair, I
pick up her head in my hands and look into her eyes she is crying profusely,
makeup streaming down her face her mouth glistening with the saliva which has
made the chair seat damp. I stoke her cheeks and wash her face with a damp
cloth. �Do you want me to stop�? Cat looks at me indecision in her eyes, I put
her head down and go back to the rear of the chair sliding my fingers into her
pussy I find her dripping wet I play with her clit and feel her begin to move
under me. Moving back to the front I pick up her head again �Shall I stop� she
shakes her head �Then four more hard strokes across your thighs before you are
released to relieve me� I reach down to kiss her forehead and move away. I
position myself on her right side and tap her upper thighs with the cane before
bringing it across them with a whippy action she leaps into the air screaming
through the gag the second one is slightly higher up then the last two under
her cheeks. I rub her red welted bottom as she sobs into the gag her legs
fighting the cuffs. I slid into her once more two fingers and my thumb working
her clit after a few minutes the sobbing has stopped and she is beginning to
moan. I stop and kneel to un-cuff her ankles then move and release her wrists.
�Stand� she moans as she stands up the imprint of the chair in her waist she
automatically tries to rub her bottom �Stop� I order she moves her arms back to
her sides, now kneel and relieve your Master to thank him for your pleasure.
She drops to her knees and running her hand over my crotch unzips me with her
teeth as she has been taught, she releases my cock from my trousers and rubs
the stiff organ with her hand leaning in to kiss it and then running her tongue
around it pulling back the foreskin she runs her tongue over the head before
opening her mouth and swallowing part of it, her fingers grasp the bottom of my
cock and gently dig into the base as she sucks in her cheeks and works her warm
moist lips over it. Slowly she slides more and more in until she is buried deep
on my hard cock her tongue washing around it as she drives it in. She works quicker
as she feels my pre cum on her tongue and as I hold her head to me I cum, she
takes my offering, holding it in her mouth until I have finished before slowly
sliding it out. Cat looks up at me and opening her mouth, puts out her tongue with
my cum on it. I smile �well done now swallow� she puts her tongue back and
looking up at me swallows my cum running her tongue over her lips to ensure she
does not miss any then reaches forward to clean my cock with her tongue and lips
until it is dry, she places it back into my trousers and kneels in front of me.

I tell her to bring my lunch and she goes out
on all fours to the kitchen washes her hands and face before walking back with
a table cloth placing it over the big table she goes out again and continues to
dress the table for my meal before bringing in her two bowls and placing them
under the table by my chair. Cat comes to my side on her knees �Master your
meal is ready� I get up and go to the table, the food looks very appetising and
every thing is laid out correctly. I stand as she pulls out my chair and I sit
for the meal, she kneels and brings one bowl out in her teeth and I place her
food into it Cat puts it down and thanks me before doing the same with her milk
bowl. After dinner I get up and go wash and brush up leaving Cat to clean up.
When I return she has finished and is kneeling by my chair. I sit down and I
tell her to cuddle up to me she sits up and puts her head onto my knees holding
my legs, her breasts pressed close against my legs. I pick up a small blanket
and pull it over her and run my hands through her hair as she sits there. After
and hour or so I rise and take a leather collar from the table with the cord
lead. I go to her tell her sit up she takes off the blanket and I place the
collar around her neck cinching it tight then attach the lead and pull her back
to her all fours and lead her in to the bedroom. This could be a long afternoon
I think to my self. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Entering the room I move to the centre of the room,
I drop the lead and Cat stops as she has been instructed when the lead is on
the floor, like a good horse trained to obey. I go to the cupboard and get out
the equipment I will need, the floggers and small spreader the two long ropes
with the leather cuffs attached, nipple clamps, a butt plug and a small penis
gag. I place them all on the table by the foot of the bed. 

&nbsp;

I turn back to Cat kneeling her head on the
floor, her arms by her sides as she waits for my response to move, I smile at
her obedience, so well trained in so short a time. I move to her and tell her
to sit up she does so promptly, her head bowed looking down. I pick up the
wrist cuffs and place them to her lips she leans forward and kisses them I
place them around her wrists then throw the ropes over the beam above. I
instruct her to rise, she does so and stands there in front of me, her large
breasts heaving as she waits for the pleasure to come. Her body is shaking as I
pull the ropes tight her arms rising above her head, her breasts standing out
as she is pulled up her legs now taught her calves prominent, the muscles in
her back standing out her large bottom tight as are her thighs, I run my hands
over her body as I loop the rope around her breasts. She gasps as the rope is
cinched around the globes, the mounds turning blue as I constrict them. As she
pulls on the ropes holding her arms they force her tits up so she has to stand
tall to relieve the pressure. I pass the spreader up to her lips and she kisses
it thanking me, I kneel and cuff it to her ankles her legs now a little wider
she has to stand on tip toe to avoid the pain in her arms and tits. I move up
her body my fingers in her pussy sliding in and out of her wet channel feeling
the moisture running down her inner thighs. As I slide my hand over her stomach
less prominent now as she hangs she shivers and moves back on to the balls of
her feet and the pain causes her to groan as she climbs back on to her toes. I
play with her big tits her nipples erect and very sensitive. I move around her
and glide my hands slowly over her taught back, down over her large buttocks
moving one finger into her virgin crack running it around the puckered opening
as she gasps and tries to pull away from my touch. I run my finger under her
and into her pussy moistening my middle finger and then return to her arse.
Holding her hips I push the wet finger into her anus, her sphincter muscle
holding it tight as I ream her arse for the first time she moans and struggles
against my invasion I hold her hips tight as I force a second finger into the
opening. I toy with her for a while before pulling out and presenting my
fingers to her to clean she baulks at first but as she becomes aware they are
clean she licks them before swallowing them fully to clean them as she has been
taught. I take the anal plug and using some KY twist it into her arse as she
thrashes in her bonds, the pain in her shoulders forcing her to stop and accept
the plug. When it is fully home I pick up the penis gag only two inches in
length and not too big in the girth, a training model. I place in against her
lips and Cat leans forward to kiss it, then I hold the corners of her mouth
open and slide it in. This gag has only two straps going around the head no top
strap. I pull them around her head and fasten them. The penis now flat against
her tongue. I move my hands once more over her body feeling her move hearing
the faint moans as she reacts to my touch. I lift the flogger and move in front
of her placing it to her gagged lips Cat leans forward to symbolically kiss it,
her eyes wide her pupils extended. I move to her forehead and kiss her gently
before moving around behind her and trailing the flogger over her back and
buttocks. I move back and trail the flogger on the floor before bringing it up
and across her back she jumps forward the rope pulling her tits up she screams
into the gag as she struggles to find her feet. I run my hand over the red area
spreading across her back nine red stripes her first, I move back again and
bring it down on to her buttocks she jumps again and screams. I apply five
strokes before I finish her back. Cat stands fighting the bonds sobbing, her
back a blaze of colour from her shoulders to her buttocks. I move to the front
and untie the rope from her tits and tie it off on the beam. Her tits start to
return to their normal colour, I rub her nipples watching them stiffen under my
touch. I move in and kiss her cheek, her sobbing slowing as she feels my touch.
�Only a little more� I whisper to her are you willing I look at her hand it
still holds her red cloth the safe word despite her pain she has held on to it.
She nods slowly as I step back and lay the flogger across the floor and bring
it up flogging her recently released breasts, Cat screams and stands erect her
tits forced out as she struggles under pain coursing through her. I wait for
her to settle before I lay three more across her tits and thighs she is hanging
in her bonds as she sobs deeply. I move and untie the rope, she slumps to the
floor until I tell her to get up she struggles to her feet and stands before me
� Sorry Master� she mutters through the gag. I remove the gag and the spreader
as well as the cuffs, finally pulling the butt plug free. I move to hold her in
my arms while rubbing aromatic oils into her tits and back, while kissing her
hard. Cat melts into my arms holding me sobbing her warm, salty tears drip on
to my chest. I tell her to kneel and she falls at my feet �You did me proud
little one� I tell her, �Thank you Master it was for you� �Now go and bath� she
crawls to the bathroom and soon I hear the bath running and a humming as she
prepares her self.

I go into the bathroom and she is lying in the
bath her body showing my marks I walk up and grab the sponge, soap it with the
essential oils I had left for her and rub her tits and stomach � Sit up� she
complies and I wash her back slowly, sensuously, covering all of her soft whip
marked skin. She moans as I touch the red welts, kiss her neck as I wash then
tell her to lie back, she slides under the water to soothe the aches. I smile
as she looks up at me. �You did well Cat� I tell her, you will rest before we
leave. I go and sit in the front room going over the session. For a new sub Cat
surprised me, she did not use the safe word or ask me to stop. Her body would
quickly recover and she seemed content in the bath so all in all a good start.
She crawls in to the room wrapped in a big towel her breasts forced into the
material but her nipples sticking out the towel only just covering her bottom. She
kneels by my side I hold her head in my hands �You will relieve my slut then go
and rest before I drive you home. Cat goes to the front of the chair and using
her teeth opens my zip and pulls out my semi erect cock, she looks up at me as
she slides her warm soft mouth over it and moves her hand up to gently play
with my balls, her tongue working over the tip of my cock as it went deep into
her mouth, her inexperienced showed as she worked a little too hard I hold her
head � Slowly little one slowly� she pulls off � Sorry Master� I smile and she
returns to her ministrations, slowly now sucking in with her cheeks her tongue
working over my hard hot cock. She slides it deep and chokes a little I hold
her head again and push my cock deep she chokes I hold it at the edge of her
throat until she has settled down before pushing it in again, she chokes again
and I pull out a little allowing her to take over again. She pumps my cock with
her lips and I feel the cum rising I push in a little and she responds by working
harder, I cum and hold her head as I fill her mouth with my gift. She keeps
sucking until I am sated then pulls off and shows me the cum before swallowing
it, wincing as she does. I smile at the action, I cannot get my head around the
fact Cat is not used to swallowing cum. She moves in and cleans my softening
cock. After she has finished I tell her to go and lie on the settee and as she
crawls there I cover her over and kiss her gently. Now sleep little one for a
while, Cat smiles up at me and turns over to sleep.

&nbsp;

As we drive home I ask how she felt she purrs
and tells me she has never felt so good. The red marks had already dulled and
the herbal drink we had consumed had removed the pain. I dropped her off at
home as she left she said �thank you Master I hope I pleased you�? I looked at
her smiling face and told her she had and always would please me. �Until next
week when we will move on� I reached over to kiss her and then drove back to
the cottage to park the car up and ordered my taxi home.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part two

&nbsp;

I had sent cat an email telling her to be at
the cottage at 10.0clock today, no consideration for her other activities, this
was a test. She had sent a reply saying yes Master I will be there. 

I arrived by taxi and went to the door, I had
given her instructions as before, the enema and the food to prepare, then to
wash and dress in a red bra panties and stockings nothing else and to kneel by
the door 10 minutes before my arrival not knowing I had a small CCTV installed
by the door to monitor her submission any failure to comply would add to what
was going to be a testing day. I entered and she was kneeling as ordered, I
went to the bedroom and checked the CCTV she had gotten into place at the time
specified and had not moved. I checked the house and found it all to my
satisfaction. I sat in the chair and called her to me, she crawled over and
knelt by the leg. �Well done slut, I am happy with the arrangements� now show
me how glad you are to see me. She crawls around to the front of the chair and
releases my cock pumping it gently she gets it erect and then sucks it for me,
I sit there the sensation of her soft warm mouth around my cock coursing
through me, �look up at me� I order she raises her eyes as she continues to
suck me off, I see the desire in her eyes as she performs the task for me. I
feel my cum rising and moan she senses this and works her lips harder over my
cock I explode into her mouth she takes it all and holds me in until I finish
cumming. I sigh as she withdraws her mouth I look down as she opens her mouth
and presents my cum on her tongue I nod and she pulls it back into her mouth
and swallows, her eyes telling me she has still not gotten used to the taste.
She moves forward and cleans my cock completely then kneels again her eyes down.
I stroke her head, and slide one hand down to her large tits I feel her erect
nipples as I run my fingers over them. �Are they ready to take my marks little
one�? I ask she nods and says �Yes Master�. �You have told your Husband you are
going to get your nipples pierced today�? �Yes Master� �Did he not find that
odd�? �No Master he gives me all I want and I think he will find it very
erotic� I nod but find her relationship very surprising, sexually very
inexperienced for a married woman. I rise and go to the kitchen, cat has laid
out the table as I instructed, the top is covered in a clean white sheet the
straps are tied to each of the legs and the tray of medical equipment is sat on
the side. �Come in here slut� cat crawls to the room, �Get naked and climb on
to the table� she rises and strips off the underwear, her figure one Ruben�s
would have been proud of was revealed to me, shaved pussy large tits full tummy
and bottom but so attractive. She blushes as she sees me admiring her then
climbs on to the table and lies down. I move around and tie her securely to the
table her legs secured down the front legs her arms over the sides and to the
rear ones. I pull a rope from my bag and secure her hips and then her chest
below the tits. I go to her head and run my hands over her secured body she
moans and moves under my ministrations. I slide one finger into her pussy all
wet for me, she moans again as I find her clit and massage it. I with draw and
give her my fingers to clean, she licks them swallowing them to work her tongue
around them. I take the tray and put it by the table then turn and run my
fingers over her nipples, she reacts and they become erect. I pull out a small
metal ring and drop it over one of the erect teats then twist it slowly it
tightens until the nipple is standing out above it. I go to the tray and pick
up the piercing gun it is a variation on the normal one this is fitted with a
small spike and a matching hole on the other jaw, the spike is fitted with a
very small hollow ring and this is forced into the hole when they are closed.
Placed over the nipple this forces the ring through the nipple giving a
permanent hole to put rings clips or bars through. It is in effect a hole punch
but a lot smaller. I go to cat who seeing the equipment loaded twists in her
bonds, I give her the punch to kiss which she does and thanks me but I see he
fear in her eyes. I reach down and kiss her, �Do you want me to stop�? She
looks at me then shakes her head. I place the punch over the nipple so the hole
will go through the side then closing the jaws snap it shut cat screams and jerks
as the pain courses through this sensitive bud. I hold it for a second before
removing it, her nipple now has a very small hollow gold ring through it. I
move swiftly on to the second and soon cat is wearing one in both nipples. I go
to the fridge and take out a cloth I had placed there earlier; coming back I
rub this gently over the nipples. Cat soon stops moving and I untie her. �Sit
up� she does so her hands twitching to move to her sore nipples. �Go to the
mirror and look at your new jewellery� I tell her she climbs down from he table
and as she drops to her knees her large buttocks move most invitingly, my cock
will split them before the day is out I grin to my self. She goes into the
front room and stands looking in the mirror then slowly moves her hands to her
nipples feeling the swollen teats and playing gingerly with the small rings.
�Do you like them little one� I ask she nods and drops back to her knees and
crawls to me kneeling in front of me her head to the floor she says �Thank you
Master they are lovely� �They will be sore for a day or two so I will not use
them today� I tell her, now go into the bedroom the rest of your body will be
used� she crawls naked into the room and kneels by the bed awaiting my
instructions. I come in and undress. �Get on to the bed slut� cat climbs on and
I tell her to lie down on her back I then secure her wrists to the headboard
arms wide, then her legs but I use a ratchet off a lorry tarpaulin to pull the
leg ropes tight she is stretched wide and down, she moans as the pressure is
placed on her hips and shoulders. When I have finished cat is pulled down tight,
little movement available to her. Her full body now ready for my use. 

&nbsp;

I pick up a ball gag and place it to her lips
she kisses it and thanks me then I slide it in to place and secure it. I pick
up a small three strand whip around nine inches in length with thin leather
thongs. I give it to her to kiss she carries out the ritual and then I step
back and trail it over her body feeling her move as it does so. I move in and
bring it down over her hips and belly a good solid stroke, the thongs biting
deep, cat rises up as the whip lands moaning into the gag, one more in this
area then down to her mound and upper thighs, one across her pubic bone then I
work my way over ten strokes to her lower thighs, before moving my position and
landing one stroke between her open thighs down her puffed up pussy lips. She
screams into the gag as she throws her self about on the bed, one of the thongs
had caught her clit. I go to her pussy and leaning over her I lick it gently.
She responds to my touch, I continue until she is writhing in ecstasy then step
back and land another. Five more up her body over her stomach and hips. I
loosen the leg straps and pull her legs back over her head tying them to the
head board her arse and pussy open for my use, I use the whip on the back of
her thighs, five good strokes over her arse and upper thighs. I drop the whip,
remove her gag, kiss her saliva covered lips then slide down the bed and taking
a tube of KY� I spread some over her anal
passage and my cock before moving it to the tight opening, my cock twitches as
this is the first time she will have been fucked her. I move my cock to the
tight bud and twist it slightly cat reacts trying to pull back, I push forward
and feel the pressure of the muscle as I do so. Holding her cheeks even wider I
move in the muscle resists but my pressure is too much and suddenly I am
driving deep into her. She moans loudly her fists clenched tears running down
her cheeks as my cock ploughs into her virgin hole. I settle for a moment as I
drive in as deep as I can then start to fuck her arse slowly but with long
strokes I want her to feel this first time, I play with her clit as I fuck her
she moans the pain in her arse and clit combined with her feeling of
overwhelming joy at serving me combining to send her to sub space I see her
eyes glazed over as she rides my cock now her body reacting to the pleasure she
is feeling. I feel my cock stiffening as I cum I drive in deep and release my
cum into her holding there until I have emptied. I pull out slowly and go to
her lips kissing her deeply my tongue deep in her mouth. I release her from her
bonds and wrap her in my arms, I look deep into her eyes �Are you happy little
one�? �Yes Master I am� Throwing a blanket over us both I cuddle down with my
cat, my pain slut and dream of the pleasures to come with her. 

&nbsp;

Part three

&nbsp;

The introduction to submission

&nbsp;

I had informed cat to be at the cottage as
before the preparations were the same, so when I arrived she was kneeling for
me at the door. I went on my usual inspection tour and found all was well as I
would expect. 

I called her to me and she crawled to the side
of my chair her head down as expected. �Today�s session is going to be
different slut, you will learn to be submissive to me in many ways and to earn
my gift, is that understood�? She replied �Yes Master� �We will start with you
naked, get stripped off� cat stood and removed her clothes, as she stood there
I could see she still wanted to cover her bulges with her hands. I smiled and
told her to kneel in front of me, I picked up the leather collar on the table
beside me and placed it around her neck, �This will not be removed until I tell
you is that understood� the reply was slow in coming �Master may your slave ask
a question�? �Yes� I replied �Am I to wear this away from here�? I looked down
�What did I say slut� �I was to wear it until you told me to remove it� �Then
you have answered your own question� now go and fetch my ropes she crawled to
the big table and began to rise �From now on you will remain on all fours until
I tell you� she moved back to the crawling position and reached up for the ropes
and then placed them in to her hand and turned to come back. � You are a slut
put them into your mouth and carry them for me� she stopped and momentarily
looked up before dropping her head and placing the rope in to her mouth and
crawling back to me. She took the rope out of her mouth and presented it to me
on her open palms, I took it and told her to turn around. Her big arse was now
facing me and I tied her ankles loosely with the smaller rope. Then I
instructed her to turn back and tied her wrists in a similar manner. Any
movement would now be more difficult and embarrassing.

&nbsp;

��Have
you been to the toilet lately�? I asked �No Master� �Then it is time you went,
go to the bathroom� cat made her way slowly to the bathroom the ropes making
her actions almost comical and she was blushing deeply as she heard me
following her. When she had climbed the stairs her big breasts rubbing against
the treads as she crawled up them she went to the bathroom and stayed kneeling
on the floor. �Use the toilet slut� she brought her head up as she realised I
was going to stay in the room. Cat did not move for a while then slowly rose
and turned pulling up the seat and sitting down. I waited as she sat there red
faced looking down, eventually she opened her bladder and the sound of her
relieving her self sounded loud around the small room, she rose and wiped her
pussy dry before flushing and kneeling again. �Back down stairs, from now on
you will only go to the toilet when I say and I will accompany you� �Yes
Master� was the stilted reply. We arrived down stairs after a difficult climb
down the stairs, the ropes making it hard for her to keep her balance as her
tits hung forward. �Go and stand in the corner position one� cat crawled to the
corner of the room stood and slowly manoeuvred her arms in to the correct
position, this made her tits stand proud. I went over and told her she would
stand there for fifteen minutes for her tardy progress so far. I also picked up
two clamps and placing them to her lips let her kiss them and thank me as she
had been instructed, I then placed them on to her nipples as she breathed deep
and struggled to keep a moan from escaping her lips as they dug in to the
sensitive nubs. I walked away and went into the garden for some air knowing the
CCTV would monitor her for me I had moved it for the purpose.

&nbsp;

�As the
time for her corner time came to an end I went back in she was standing still
but a sweat covered her body and her pussy lips were swollen the slut was
getting off on this. I waited for the clock to run its course and removed the
clamps rubbing her nipples to get the blood flowing again. Then I told her to
kneel again and go and get her food and water bowls, she kneeled and crawled
away into the kitchen returning with one bowl in her teeth, she placed it by
the chair and returned foe the other, when both were in position I went to the
kitchen and return with a jug of milk and some chopped meat and salad. I placed
these in to the bowls and told her to eat and drink there was sufficient but not
a large quantity, she was to lick the bowls clean. She struggled to eat with
her mouth only but began to realise if she ate a small mouthful then took a
lick of the milk it was easier. It took her about half an hour to finish the
meal, �Now go to the bathroom and clean you self up, a cold shower on all fours
and brush your teeth� �Yes Master� she turned and went to the bathroom�
�Haven�t you forgotten something slut� she turned and realised she had not
taken the bowls out and washed them up. �Your slut is sorry Master� she came
back and one by one removed the bowls to the kitchen and washed them before
going to the bathroom for her shower.

� 

I heard the shower running and some gasps as
she went into the cold water as it came up from the ground here not via a tank
it was colder than she had realised. She came down her hair brushed but wet her
body glowing from the shower. She shivered a little I ignored this as she was
here to learn. She came and knelt by the chair as I sat there reading my paper.

&nbsp;

�When I
had finished I told her to go to the cupboard and take out a blanket and the
big dildo, �Yes Master� she crawled to the cupboard and reaching up took the
items and moved back to me �Lie the blanket in front of the chair about three
feet away� I instructed she complied and kneeled on it �Now lie down and cum
for me slut, you will use the vibrator on your body I want to see you cum hard
for me� Again she looked up at me her eyes pleading, this was the first time
she had been asked to do this and she was sweating. �Get on with it slut� she
dipped her head a small sniff coming form her as she began to cry, she lay on
her back and lie there, I picked up a quirt and tapped it against my leg, she
began to move her legs slowly opening the large thighs and slid her fingers to
her pussy, then over her nipples no real enthusiasm but slowly she began to
raise her knees her legs spread as she began to dip into her pussy with her
bound wrists her fingers finding her clit. She moaned as the feelings washed
over her, she pulled out her fingers and twisted the bottom of the vibrator and
it burst into life buzzing gently. She slid it into her open slit pushing it in
deep and leaving in there as she twisted her nipples, then began to drive it in
and out her free hand alternating between her nipples and clit as she rocked
from side to side her large belly wobbling as she did so her body now rising to
meet the intruder as she began to feel her orgasm rising, she drove the dildo
deep into her as she came, her pussy tightening around it her nipples hard. Her
pussy dripped on to the blanket as she slumped down feeling the aftershocks
washing over her sated body. I left her for a few minutes feeling proud wanting
to rush over and cuddle her but had to stop myself. �Clean the dildo slut� she
came out of her reverie and pulled the dildo from her pussy and placed it into
her mouth licking it clean. 

&nbsp;

Later as we cuddled up her on her knees by my
side dressed now the collar removed she hummed quietly as a satisfied grin was
glued to her face I had told her how proud I was of her and that she had
completed the session well. I knew now I had a total slave for my pleasure.

&nbsp;

Part four

&nbsp;

Cat is tested.

&nbsp;

The call to the next session had filled cat
with foreboding, she had been told to turn up at the cottage and prepare it as
usual but the place was to be prepared for five people as well as herself. She
was to tie the ropes to the ceiling beams in the bedroom, lay out the spreader
bar and cuff set on the bed and all of the other kit on a table in the front
room, she was to have an enema, ensure she was fully shaved from neck to feet
and be wearing the leather collar and leash when Master arrived. 

Master had told her this would be a session
where her submission would be tested and she was to remember her safe words and
signs. Others would be present and she would be experiencing new submissive and
sexual practices.

Cat arrived as instructed and laid out the
cottage, the final instruction had been emailed late, she was to move the
furniture in the front room to the sides arranging it so it did not look untidy
but there was to be a large space in the centre of the room where she was to
place five chairs in a circle, she also had to kneel in the bedroom for Masters
arrival not by the door, she was to be dressed in hold up stockings and shoes
only, the shoes were to be the highest heels she had and the stockings were to
match. She was to have the nipple clamps by her side and when Master came in
the door she was to place them in her mouth along with the leash.

She kneeled in place at the appointed time and
waited her mind racing, she heard the front door open and placed the clamps and
leash into her mouth before bowing her head. She heard the low mummer of
voices, Master was not alone, she shivered and made to rise, she was his not to
be shared. Then she stopped and thought she was his and if he wanted to share
her she had no say in it, she chided herself for thinking differently and
blushing knelt. Master came in to the room and saying nothing took the clamps and
leash from her mouth, he stopped as he tugged on the leash, turning to her and
brushing her hair, she waited for him to say something but he only straightened
up and pulling on the leash indicated to her to crawl into the front room. Cat
followed her Master. As she entered the room the voices stopped and she was
lead in silence into the centre of the circle of chairs, she could see they
were occupied, by the legs she saw as she went passed there were three men and
one woman. Cat was pulled up in the centre of the room and left kneeling her
breasts and tummy hanging down in front of strangers she wanted to curl up and
hide she blushed all over her body, she shivered in anticipation. Master told
the room that his slut would now carry out any instruction they gave her within
the rules he had given them, she was theirs to use until they were satisfied
and any failure to please or refusal to accept an instruction would mean she
was to be taken into the bedroom hung by her ankles and flogged for two minutes
for each indiscretion.

�All of her orifices are available for your
use�. The assembled guests murmured their approval. One of the men reached down
and grabbed one of Cats breasts massaging it. �She has nice tits Kevin� they
are right for a canning. A hand slid into her pussy from the feel of the skin
it was soft and small so she imagined it was the woman�s finger, she tensed and
blushed even deeper now, the first time she had been touched like that by a
woman. The finger slid deeper, the woman commented �She is tense Kevin you said
she had no experience of a woman, she will have by the end of the day� there
was a small laugh from some of the guests. The finger slid out and rubbed her
clit as it did so cat moaned involuntarily as she felt the sensation from her
sensitive nub, it was brought round to her mouth and cat licked it clean.

Cat heard some one giving her instructions but
the voice seemed distant a slap on her rear brought her back into the room.
�Slut you are to go around the circle and ask each of my guests if they want
you to suck their cocks or pussy or give them hand relief, do you understand�?
She heard her self saying �Yes Master� She almost looked up at him fighting the
urge to get up and run away or to give her Master the safe word to stop, which she
knew he would do but she realised she was his to command and anything less
would embarrass him. Cat moved slowly to the chair on her right, not looking up
she asked the occupant if she could give him a blow job or did he want hand
relief? He chose the blow job, she knelt up and nuzzling into his groin found
his trouser zip and lifted it up with her tongue before grabbing it with her
teeth and pulling it down. She released his cock which sprang up stiff, it was
slightly bigger than Masters but not so thick. Cat lent forward and using her
hand slide the foreskin up and down before pulling it back and running her
tongue over the head, she slid her mouth over the cock and massaging his balls
gently she used her tongue over his cock while sucking on it, she slid it deep
and slowed her actions rolling it around her lips as she pulled out her tongue
working over it. Cat felt him tensing and knew she was about to taste his cum
she worked his cock harder and then as she tasted the first drop she drove it
deep into her mouth as he filled her cavity with his hot salty load. She
swallowed some but held the rest on her tongue when he had finish she pulled
his cock from her mouth and presented his cum to him before swallowing it and
cleaning his cock with her lips. She did this for the next man but the third
man told her she was to bring him to orgasm with her mouth but to stop as he
came and to finish by hand and he would cum over her face, this was something
cat had not done, she stopped momentarily but carried on, as he came he pulled
out of her mouth, her hand finished him off and suddenly her face was sticky
with his cum it dripped down her chin on to her tits, warm stinging a little
her face warmed by it. He told her to clean his cock off and then to wipe the
cum from her face with her fingers and swallow it. Cat gagged a little as she
completed her task. Master came up as she wiped off the last drop from her tits
and wiped her face with a warm cloth moving it slowly over her nipples. She
then found her self at the feet of the female, �can I give you a blow job� then
she realised what she had said the assembled guests chuckled, Master moved in
to slap her arse �Think slut� �Sorry Master, Mistress� �Mistress would you like
me to suck your pussy or play with your clit�? The female slid forward on the
chair �Remove my knickers and eat me out slut� Cat baulked she had no
experience and wanted to be sick. She looked up at Master he glared at her, she
turned back to the female and using her hands slid her short skirt up to her
hips then she moved her fingers to the waist band of her small knickers. �With
your teeth slut� the woman barked, cat dropped her hands and moved her teeth to
the band. She could smell the woman�s pussy as she pulled the material away.
When the knickers were on the floor she moved back to the woman�s legs and slid
her tongue into the soft inner thighs moving slowly up to her pussy, the woman
was shaven and her pussy was swollen and moist. Cat pulled out and dropped to
her knees, sobbing. Master grabbed the leash and pulled her on her knees into
the bedroom, two of the men grabbed her ankles and placed them into the loops
at the end of the ropes before hauling her legs up into the air she fell back
as she was pulled over the floor, before ending up swinging from the ropes by
her ankles. Her arms were grabbed and secured behind her back, the pressure on
her hips sent pain through her body as she swung slightly. ��

�� �Her legs were slightly apart her body exposed
fully to them her large breasts hanging down her belly wobbling, she sobbed
uncontrollably as Master came to her face and told her she was to be punished
for her insubordination, and the punishment was to be flogged by the female she
had insulted for two minutes. 

Cat heard the flogger being tested the sound of
the flails hitting he pillow on the bed sending mixed messages through her,
Master had flogged her but this was her first punishment. She felt Master place
a red cloth into her hand before he gave her the flogger to kiss �Thank you for
using this on me Master� he then placed the ball gag into her mouth. His eyes
met hers briefly she could see the pain he felt. She waited then a blinding
pain leapt through her and she was driven forward as the first blow landed. Her
arse felt like it was on fire, the woman waited for her muffled scream to
subside before getting into a rhythm flogging her arse and thighs. She heard
Master call out one minute and the female stopped, cat was howling into the gag
as the pain tore through her but she realised she had not dropped the cloth but
was clutching it tightly. She saw the woman appear at the front and screamed as
she realised her tits and pussy were to be punished, the woman ran the flogger
down her front over her belly and pussy and tits before stepping back and �bringing the flails down onto her hanging
tits, Cat screamed and her grip on the cloth loosened, the woman waited, cat
calmed down and regained her grip on the cloth the woman flogged her from tits
to thighs across her large belly the flails digging deep into the lose flesh for
the minute allowed. The final stroke was down her slit Cat twisted violently in
her ropes as she felt the flails sneak into her opening and across her clit.
She was aware some one was giving her instruction as she came back to the room,
her body separated from her senses, � Slut apologise to your Mistress for your
insult� cat looked down and asked the female to forgive her failing. The female
told her to get on with the oral and Kat realised she was back in the front
room on her knees in the circle. She moved in to the females legs and her
tongue slid up her thighs to her pussy cat tentatively licked it then
remembering the flogging moved in with more passion, her tongue working inside
and out over the clit and deep into the open pussy lips before her. Her
nostrils drew in the scent of the female, her moisture coating cat�s face, her
tongue tasting a female�s juices for the first time. Cat lent in and using her
fingers on the Domme�s clit drove her tongue deep into the wet hot pussy the
female arched her back and cried out as cat felt her tongue covered in a thick
liquid, she lapped it up and realised the woman had cum. Cat stayed cleaning up
the pussy until she was pushed away. Master told her to lie on the floor and
she complied, she was to be fucked now she realised �what a slut I am for my
Master� she thought to her self as she smiled and looked at the first cock as
it slid between her thighs.

She lay in bed in Masters arms later that day
her body tingling with the welts covering it, her pussy arse and mouth sore
from use, her belly full of cum, at least six loads she thought, then she
smiled as she remembered how good it was supposed to be for you full of
vitamins.� He had let the guests use her
with little limits, she had been held over a chair sitting in the seat her arms
drawn behind her as her tits were canned, she had been fucked by them all (more
than once by two males at the same time) �including the female with a strap on. Then
when they had left he had picked her up carried her to the bathroom and run a
bath for her filling it with essential oils rubbing his �magic� mixture onto
the welts she was covered in. before placing her in the bath and gently washing
her. He had told her as he washed her he had not expected her to go through
with the session and the guests had been full of praise for her. He told her
how proud he was of her and her tolerance of pain. �This was your final test
little one� he had said �You are now my slave� did you enjoy today? Cat looked
at him �I enjoyed it because it gave you pleasure and made you proud of me, I
did not enjoy the flogging but knew I had transgressed and had to suffer it for
you Master� he had leaned over and kissed her deeply then before taking her out
of the bath drying her and taking her to bed with him where they cuddled late
into the evening.

Part five 

&nbsp;

The training continues, cat is shown more ways
to please Master.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Cat turned up at the house feeling more settled
than she had done on previous occasions, this time she was to come to Masters
house dressed as instructed and he would be there waiting for her. After the
last session he had held her late into the night and sent her instructions for
this session wrapped inside a lovely bunch of roses. 

She drew up at the house and suddenly realised
she could not park as close as she had though and she would need to walk across
some open ground exposed to the gaze of anyone looking, she blushed realising
Master had known this and planned it. She sat in the car for a while not sure
she could comply. Then she felt Masters presence and realised she would do as
he instructed, she fingered her temporary leather collar and then stepping out
of the car took off her coat throwing it in to the back slammed the door shut and
pressed the key fob to lock it. She stood up and shivered as the breeze touched
her naked flesh she was dressed in a pair of stockings, suspenders, bra,
panties and high heeled shoes. The panties were high cut her big stomach
wobbled over the top and her legs amply filled the stockings, despite her
weight loss and regular attendance at the local gym cat was still a little on
the large side. She was blushing from head to foot as she walked up to his
door. Cat rang the bell and kneeled as instructed, attaching the lead she had
carried to the collar as she did so.

Master came to the door and without speaking
took the lead from her mouth and pulled on it cat moved into the house. She was
made to crawl into the front room and then down some stairs at the back of the
room into the cellar, the room was warm the air rushed up to meet her as she
climbed down into the cellar, her gait slightly more assured as she had become
used to moving in this manner and she felt her self getting moist as she
revelled in being led behind her Master in this way.

When they had moved into the middle of the room
Master dropped the lead and went to sit on a chair, �Remove the lead slut� cat
complied and placed the lead onto the floor, �Now get on to your back and cum
for me� cat was surprised at the impersonal feel to his words, she shivered and
hesitated, �What are you waiting for� he barked she lay down and still feeling
a little hesitant opened her legs drawing them up so her feet were on the floor
and slid her fingers into her pussy her thumb finding her clit she began to
push her fingers in and out of her wet pussy massaging her clit as she did so.
As she lay there she thought of the last session and the way she was fucked,
something Catherine would never have contemplated doing in a million years. She
found her self drifting into another world and as she did she felt her self
cumming. Her hands were sliding in and out of her pussy, her body tensed as she
felt the pleasure waves wash over her. 

When she had finished and licked her fingers
clean Master told her to get up and look at the toy she was going to mount, cat
stood, looked around and saw a wooden saw horse with a slim flat top, the legs
were fixed to the floor and there were two dildo�s one smaller than the other
sticking up from the top. �Get over there lubricate the dildo�s with your lips
and mouth and then climb on to it fill your arse and pussy with them� cat
approached the symbian and kneeling by it licked the dildo�s until they were
moist, she climbed on to it throwing her leg over the wooden frame, she lifted
her self over the dildo�s and with some difficulty settled her self on to them,
as she lowered her self on to them she felt her arse being stretched by the
rear one and stopped. �Master I have a problem with this� �What is the
problem�? �The dildo is too big Master� �You will use it slut� �Yes Master� cat
replied his tone was again unconcerned, cat determined she would comply with
his instruction and lowered her self back down rotating her self to accommodate
the intruder. After some initial pain she felt it pop past her sphincter and
she lowered her self down the rear one stretching her anal passage feeling huge
as it entered her, the front one filling her pussy fully, she felt them both
rubbing through the thin membrane separating the orifices. Cat sat for a moment
before beginning to ride them, lifting her ample body off the dildo�s by
pushing down on the frame with her arms, as she rode the inanimate objects she
mused how had she found this? Catherine would have run from any thought of
servicing two plastic cocks in a cellar in front of some one she had only known
for a few months, as she began to feel the now customary feeling of
satisfaction for completing a task for her Master she felt her self cumming
again, she drove down hard on to the stiff members, as she came she slammed
herself down on to them wishing it were Master filling her. 

She knelt by the sybian cleaning it with her
mouth as instructed when she felt Master come up behind her and began to
massage her neck. Cat stayed kneeling as he massaged her, then he told her to
come to the chair and kneel by him. When she was in position with her head
lying on his leg he asked her how she had felt so far today? �I was afraid I
had upset you Master and you were punishing me, you seemed distant from me, I
was afraid of you� Master chuckled and stroked her hair �Never be afraid of me
Cat, I was testing you again you need to experience much and I am trying to
instruct to allow you to develop yourself, I was not unhappy with you but
teaching you to obey me without passion as a slave should, do you understand�?
Cat thought about what he had said and began to realise he was right. �I do now
Master I am slow and I am sorry for doubting you� �You are not slow cat just a
little na�ve and I am pushing you� 

&nbsp;

�We will move on� he told her as she lay there
�Are you willing to test yourself for me again�? Without hesitation cat replied
�Yes Master� �Then pull the frame from the wall over there slut� and he pushed
her away from him on to her knees, cat crawled to the opposite wall and
kneeling up found the rope leading to the top of a metal bedstead type frame as
she pulled it down the bottom legs fell forward allowing it to sit parallel to
the floor. Cat looked at it as she knelt by it, it was a metal frame with a grid
base, metal rods ran across and down the bed forming the base. It looked solid
and she shivered when she saw the chains at each corner. �Get on to the bed cat
and lie down with you hands above your head and your legs wide spread� she
complied the bed was cold to her back as she laid down and the grid pushed into
her back. Master came over and placed metal cuffs around her ankles and wrists
attaching them to the chains. Master pushed a button and cat felt the chains at
her wrists being pulled up she was know stretched tight in the frame and yet it
still pulled her upwards she struggled as she felt the pressure on her wrists,
shoulders and hips. 

The pressure stopped and cat found she was held
tight in the frame, Master came to her and leaning over her kissed her holding
her face he whispered to her she was going to experience some pain she had not
felt before, was she ready? Cat nodded �Master can your slave ask what will be
done to her�? Master smiled, �That is not for you to know, you must trust me but
as it is I will tell you it will increase your fear and my excitement� Master
knelt by the bed �I am going to pierce your nipples with a thin brass rod and
then place copper wires to the piercing before clamping your clit and labia and
attaching wires to them. Then I am going to send a current of electricity
through them and watch you writhe as the pain courses through you. Cat opened
her mouth to cry out but could not, she pulled on the chains �No, no Master let
me out please I am not ready for that I do not like needles and I am terrified
the pain will be too much� Master told her he would go and have shower she
would lie there and think about it if she still wanted to be released he would
do so. Before he left he fitted a vibrator into her pussy holding it in place
with a leather strap, he turned it on to low and left.

When he came back an hour later cat was rocking
on the bed the frame dripping with cum from her multiple orgasms. Master turned
off the vibrator and removed it giving it to her to clean. When she had
finished he asked her �Do you want me to release you slut�? Cat did not reply.
As he went to the button on the wall to release the tension on the chains she
looked up at him �No Master I want to experience it, I trust you I just feared
the pain but know you will not hurt me beyond what I will enjoy� Master stepped
over to her and lent to kiss her. �I will start now, you know that at any time
you can give me your safe word and I will stop�. Master went to a cupboard and
returned with a small silver tray he placed it on a table he had drawn up to
the table. He showed cat the brass needle in the package she shivered and
closed her eyes, �open them slut how dare you ignore me� �Sorry Master I was
trying not to see the needle� he placed it to her lips and she kissed the
package before he opened it and took out the sterile needle he dropped a thin
thread around the base of her left nipple before tightening it, cat jumped as
the pain bit into her sensitive nub. The nipple grew hard under the constriction
and Master pushed the thin needle against the swollen tit. He leaned over and
kissing her pushed the tip through the nub, cat screamed as she felt it pierce
her skin, then she felt the pain ebb away as a feeling of contentment washed
over her. Master did the same to the other nipple, before releasing the strings
and she felt the pain rising again as the nipple filled with blood after the
tourniquet was removed. She moaned as he flicked them with his fingers. Then he
took some crocodile clamps from the tray and moving to her pussy pulled her
lips apart and clamped her clit, cat screamed again as this sensitive organ was
savagely clamped, then she felt the next two on her labia lips. Master attached
the copper wire to the fittings and ran it to a box on the wall, tying the five
wires to the two terminals. Standing back from the bed� Master pressed a button on the box and cat
felt as though she was on fire her body arched her breathing became difficult
her legs and arms would not move as the current passed through her, she
realised she had been incontinent. Cat slumped back to the frame as Master
turned off the box, he walked over to her and wiped her body all over with a
damp cloth before reaching down to kiss her, �Shall I release you slut�? cat
lie there sobbing her body aching but her pussy was sopping she felt so alive
she wanted to experience it again she shook her head �No Master� he smiled and
went back to the box, cat arched off the bed as the power coursed through her,
her chest solid her limbs immobile she heard someone screaming but it was not
her she was in a field running naked with her Master. As she lay there Master
removed the clamps and piercing, before massaging her confined body with oils
and then climbing on to the bed fucking her hard and with passion. As she
soaked in the bath cat thought of her journey so far, she could not imagine the
world without Master the pain made her feel alive, it made her sensitive, she
craved it now and knew she had found her self. She smiled as she drifted off to
sleep in the warm bath.

&nbsp;

Master took cat to his bed that night her right
ankle chained to the foot of the bed and nipple clamps with small chains with
little bells on adorned her sore tits. She pleasured her Master as he
instructed, all of her orifices were used by him, Cat came many times that
night. As Master stroked her he told her she was good and would be trained
fully before too much longer, she shivered at this. When you are fully trained
I will pierce you as I wish and then use you to entertain me. Cat smiled inside
as she swallowed more of Masters cum for him she had arrived, she was whole.

&nbsp;

The end xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

&nbsp;

��

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Principal4u


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





