BDSM Library - Father Barton




Father Barton
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A priest who runs an oprhanage abuses the boys in his charge, surprise, surprise.







Subject: FW: Father Barton         Father Barton hated masturbating the
dogs

 
   jim
  2
  10
  2006-10-24T17:52:00Z
  2006-10-24T17:52:00Z
  1
  1802
  10277
   
  85
  24
  12055
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: Father Barton









��� Father Barton
hated masturbating the dogs. It was demeaning for the

young priest to have to put his hands on the dirty canine
pricks and balls

and rub them until the dogs unloaded copious amounts of
doggie sperm into

the glass jar. But how else could he collect his special
&quot;protein elixir&quot;

for the boys.� He
couldn't very well ask one of the other priests to do it.

They already wondered why the orphanage had eight big
black dogs. Father

Barton told the other priests it was for the boys to have
company. Boys loved

pets. He never of course mentioned that those same dogs
fucked some of the

little boys in the ass several times a week.

��� Not all the
boys were sexually abused. Oh no. Only the most beautiful

and the ones who seemed the most submissive. Father
Barton had to be

careful. He had to play his cards just right in order to
keep the orphanage

running just as he liked it. Just a few boys that he
could torture and abuse

to his heart's content. Boys who were too scared or shy
or weak to ever tell

anyone. 

�� Father Barton
carried his jar of dog cum and a large spoon into the boy's

dorm.� There were
five rooms with ten beds in each room. The other priests

suggested that the boys be segregated according to age,
so that the younger

ones would not be corrupted by the older boys, but Father
Barton insisted on

mixing them up. He wanted the younger boys corrupted in
every way. He wanted

The youngest orphan boys to be able to stare at the thick

hanging dicks of the seventeen year olds. He knew some of
the older boys

raped the younger ones in the mouth and ass, and he just
never seemed to

catch any of them!�
Well, he did catch them on his hidden video cameras. But

he never stopped any of the abuse. After all, the older
boys would soon be

leaving, and they needed some experience with their big
fucking cocks,

didn't they? They had never had girls...or dated
girls...or even talked to

girls.At the Friday night movies, Father Barton made sure
to always show

films with lots of teenage flesh on display so that the
older boys really

needed to shoot a load of teen fuck. After a good Teenage
comedy� with

some semi-naked flesh, several thirteen year old orphans
were certain to

get their mouths and asses opened by the older boys.
Father Barton

especially liked it when four or five of the older boys
ganged up on one

little one. Sometimes he'd move the other boys out of the
dorm..giving them

a camping experience, or a special night in an extra room
where there were

video games...and leave one innocent young teen with five
or six seventeen

year olds. He would later watch the video he made and
masturbate his big fat

priest dick as he enjoyed the mouth and ass rape of poor
kid.

�� Whenever a
little boy would complain to him, he would call the boy a

lying baby, and he would punish the boy by taking a belt
or a birch rod to

the kid's sweet pale round little ass cheeks. He would
beat the little ass

until it was black, and the boy was hysterical with pain,
promising never to

lie again. Was it any wonder that as the boys at the
orphanage got older,

they couldn't wait for their turn to abuse other boys?

��� Each night the
youngest boys lined up and Father

Barton went down the line giving each a spoonful of his
special

vitamin elixir. Father Barton never wore anything under
his cassock. He was

stark naked except for shoes and socks. So his huge fat
leaking dick would

rub against the rough material of the cassock and leak
all over his nuts

and drip down his thighs. He loved to see the little ones
dutifully swallow

the spoonful of dog cum. One or two special boys who were
so cute Father

Barton almost came just looking at them, got two
spoonfuls.

�� &quot;That's my
good little darling. Swallow it down. Now lick your lips. That

a boy..it will make you big and strong.&quot;

��� The young boys
stood to take their medicine dressed in only their tiny

white underpants. Father Barton allowed his eyes to raped
the pale tiny

bodies..the smooth skin..the just forming teen nipples.

�� On this
particular night however, he hurried through his chores. After

giving out the medicine. He opened a laundry bag, and
with a snap of his

fingers, all the little boys removed their underpants.
Now they stood bare

assed naked, their sweet round pale asses on display, and
in front, their

peanut sized just starting to grow� pricklets. Such pretty little pricklets.

The boys put their dirty underpants in the laundry bag
and stood at

attention, so Father Barton could see their naked little
bodies. One naked

Thirteen� year old
with a darling ball sack caught his eye, and he reminded himself to turn the

little shit over to some of the rougher seventeen year
olds. Father Barton

had a group of four older boys who pretty much did
whatever he wanted...they

had been trained to think like him, and now had similar
interests. In fact,

he had decided to keep them on once they grew too old to
be in the

orphanage. He would hire them as grounds keepers, and
maintenance men.

Father Baton couldn't wait to see the cute young thirteen
year old with the smooth hairless nutsack fucked by the

dogs. But on this particular night, Father Barton hurried
back to his

private quarters. He had an appointment with a beautiful
fourteen year old.

��� Tyler was
waiting for him outside the entrance to his rooms. Tyler was

fair haired and fair of form. He was a good boy who tried
to stay out of

trouble. 

�� Father Barton
signaled the boy into his chambers.

��� &quot;Well
Tyler, you know why you are here?&quot;

��� &quot;Yes
Sir!&quot;� the young boy gulped. He was
clearly terrified.

���� He chewed at
his pretty lower lip and scraped one shoe on the floor.

��� &quot;Why are
you here?&quot;

���� &quot;I have
prick hair.&quot;� The boy gulped as he
said it. It was so

embarrassing. 

���� &quot;You have
prick hair. And you know we don't allow boys under sixteen to

have prick hair. You younger boys don't know to properly
maintain it and its

dirty and filled with germs. You are not allowed any
prick or ball hair. And

you disobey me? I hear you were even bragging to some of
the boys that you

were proud of your prick hair. That it meant you were
growing up..a man!&quot;

�� Tears formed in
the eyes of the little fourteen year old.

��� &quot;Do you
know how fucking sinful that is? Do you think Jesus likes you

talking about your prick hair and bragging about how your
dick is

growing. Why do care if your dick grows?� Are you thinking sinful thoughts

about fucking girls?&quot;

�� The boy was
crying pretty hard now. &quot;No, Sir!&quot;�
he managed between sobs.

���� &quot;You
should be attending to your studies and praying for salvation to

the Lord Jesus Christ, and you are thinking about your dirty
little dick!&quot;

He slapped the boy hard. &quot;I'll bet you think about
dick all the time. Do you

think about the dicks of the older boys too?&quot;

�� The scared
little kid shook his head. Tears flew off his sweet pink

cheeks. 

��� &quot;Do you
think about the big fat dicks of the priests?&quot;

��� &quot;Honest,
Sir. I don't.&quot;� It was true, he
didn't. He was a good boy.

��� &quot;Do you
think about the huge fucking dick of our Lord Jesus Christ under

his loin cloth as he hangs on the cross? Do you think
about the big fat dick

of Jesus, and do you play with your dirty little dick
while you do?&quot;

��� The boy was so
terrified, he fell to his knees. He put his hands

together like he was praying. &quot;Please, Sir!&quot;

� Father Barton
took the soft young face in one hand and held it firmly.

�� &quot;Do you
think about the big fat cocks on the twelve disciples?� Big fat

cocks and balls under their robes. Do you think about the
disciples kissing

Jesus and their fat dicks getting all hard and
leaking?&quot;

�� He pushed the
boy onto the floor.� &quot;Strip off your
clothing and go into

the bathroom and shave off that offensive prick hair. And
make sure there is

no hair forming on your ball sack or asshole.&quot;

��� The boy
stumbled to his feet. He started to move toward the priest's

private bathroom. 

���� &quot;Strip
off your fucking clothing here, in front of me!&quot;� The priest

snapped his fingers.

�� The young orphan
boy undressed. First he took off his high tops. Then his

shirt, then his pants. Now he stood in underpants and
socks.

��� &quot;What a
perfect cunt this boy will make,&quot; Father Barton thought to

himself. &quot;I have been lusting after this little ass
for some time, just

waiting for him to fuck up.&quot;

�� The boy peeled
off his socks, revealing his rather large feet. He was

still growing. He stood there with his arms crossed across
his slender

chest, dressed in only his little white underpants. So
fucking fuckable.

�� &quot;Well, you
can't shave your prick hair wearing underpants.&quot;

��� The boy peeled
down his underpants and kicked them away, standing up

bare naked...as he was born...as he was meant to be.
There were only a few

prick hairs above his developing dick and balls, but the
boy was obviously

into puberty. 

��� &quot;That is
the most disgusting sight I have ever seen. You are supposed to

be pure...and alter boy for the Lord. And you offend
Christ with cock hair.

Get in that bathroom and shave.&quot;

��� Father Barton
took lots of photos of Tyler as he shaved. Father Barton

had thousands of photos of his boys. He masturbated his
fat leaking dick as

he watched the boy lift his small prick and swipe the
razor over the tiny nut

sack. 

�� After the boy
was clean, Father Barton inspected him. He held the boys

scrotum and felt for stubble. He rubbed his fingers over
the pubic mound and

around the asshole. The boy trembled when he did this.

�� &quot;Are you
having sexual thoughts, boy? Sexual thoughts in front of an

emissary of the Lord God?&quot;� He worked one finger up into the boys
asshole,

through the very tight tiny pucker. The little boy rose
up on his toes.

�� 'Ah..no...no
Sir. It's just that...&quot;

�� The priest
grabbed the boys tiny dick and started to frig it.

��� &quot;Is this
dirty fucking little boy dick getting hard? Are you thinking

sinful thoughts about me?&quot;

��� The poor
fourteen year old didn't know what to do. His dick got hard so

often lately. He tried to pray more. He tried to keep it
soft, but it just

boned up all the time. It probably had something to do
with the two viagra a

day that Father Barton was feeding the boy.

��� &quot;You dirty
little fucking sinner. You need to be punished. You need to

be punished for offending Jesus...don't you?&quot;� The priest stood back looking

at the boy's hard little dick. Beneath it hung the boys
newly dropped

testicles, so pretty in their pink little sack.

��� &quot;Yes, Sir,
I need to be punished. I am sorry I offended Jesus.&quot;� Tyler

knew what to say. All the boys knew they had to always
agree with Father

Barton.

�� &quot;All right
then, We are going to punish you to cleanse you. To purify

you. To drive the evil sinful thoughts out of your
fucking teenage

slut body. Lay down on that coffee table. On your back.
Now lift your legs

to your chest. Now grab your legs behind the knees. Now
spread� your legs as

wide apart as you can.&quot;� Holy Fuck the boy was gorgeous like that..his
prick

and balls and tiny asshole on full display. The boy
curled his pretty little

�toes in fear.

��� &quot;What I am
going to do, Tyler is beat your balls with a belt. I am going

to beat your newly dropped nuts to teach you that you
must drive evil

thoughts out of your head. You must take care that you
grow no more ugly

prick or ball hair. You must not touch your dick for
sinful purposes. Now to

protect you, I am going to tape your hard little cock to
your tummy out of

the way of your nuts. That way the belt won't hurt your
cock. I am going to

beat your little balls ten times hard with the belt. If
you cry out or close

your legs, we will go back to one and start again. Do you
understand?&quot;

� The priest's
prick was leaking copiously beneath his robe. He loved the

look of stark terror on the boy's face. He wondered how
the boy would react

later, after the beating when the priest shoved the
crucifix up his tiny

asshole? 

��� &quot;In the
name of Jesus, I wipe out Sin!&quot; he growled, bringing the belt

down hard against the little boy's fleshy sex sack.

� This was going to
be a fun night! 



------ End of Forwarded Message









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





