BDSM Library - Full House Girls In Trouble




Full House Girls In Trouble
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: *based on TVs Full House*  The two oldest siblings of Tanner family,along with thier friend, run into intruders with nasty intentions while home alone.







FULL HOUSE GIRLS�

 
  RICHARD
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-11-02T01:14:00Z
  2006-11-02T01:14:00Z
  1
  1855
  10576
  88
  24
  12407
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








FULL HOUSE GIRLS IN TROUBLE

By ynyn

&nbsp;

It was going to
be a chilly night. Very cold, even for April, in the bay area. DJ, Stephanie,
Kimmie Gibbler, and DJ�s boyfriend Steve were by themselves in the house. Jesse
took Becky and the boys to visit family down in Los Angeles. Joey had an
audition in Hollywood, and Danny took Michelle to a baseball game, like he had
promised for her birthday.

&nbsp;

The three girls
and Steve were planning to sit and watch movies, with 13-year-old Stephanie
very excited that she got to hang out with the older teens. Steve and DJ had
been together for 2 years, and of course, Kimmie was DJ�s best friend since
grade school.

&nbsp;

Tonight, Kimmie
came over with DJ and Steve after they picked up Steph from Junior High. Wild
Kimmie Gibbler was an odd girl, very offbeat with a loony sense of humor. As
usual, she dressed to match her personality. She wore designer jean shorts,
with a bright striped shirt and purple tights. She was the antithesis of her
pal DJ, who already looked like a young hot coed, even though she was a junior
in high school. DJ�s body had really developed well, especially in the chest.
She was wearing a plaid skirt, tan blouse, and black striped knee high socks.
Her boyfriend Steve was not very excited to be stuck with Kimmie and Stephanie,
but he was so sprung on DJ that he would do whatever the cute brunette asked of
him.

&nbsp;

Stephanie, as has
been explained, was very happy to get to be with the older kids. The 8th
grader was dressed nicely, as always, wearing a black dress with white trim,
and black nylons. The pretty blonde�s hair had berets in either side, with
ribbons attached. She always felt like a big shot when she was with her big
sister. Stephanie didn�t care much for Kimmie, though; she thought that she was
very annoying.

&nbsp;

The four teens
ordered pizza and settled in to watch the movies. Within 30 minutes, the
doorbell rang.

&nbsp;

�Oh boy! Pizza�s
here!� Stephanie said, excitedly, as she ran to answer the door.

&nbsp;

�Hey Steph! You
need the money, hold on.� Her older sister said as DJ came over beside her.

&nbsp;

The two girls
opened the door and were stunned to be staring into the barrel of a gun, and 4
guys dressed in black.

&nbsp;

�Get the fuck
inside, NOW!� Said the guy with the gun. The girls backed up as the men entered
the house. Steve jumped up, and one of the men came over and hit him in the
head with the butt of his gun, knocking him to the floor.

&nbsp;

�Steve!!� Cried
DJ, as the intruders handcuffed her boyfriend.

&nbsp;

�Ok, hero, no
more stupid moves, ya got it?� The man growled at Steve as he sat in the chair.

Kimmie was still
on the couch, with one of the guys holding a gun to her head.

&nbsp;

�The only money
in the house is in my dad�s strong box in his room, just take it!� DJ told the
group as the men held her and her little sister. 

&nbsp;

The men laughed
at DJ�s comment. The leader walked over to her and stroked her hair.

&nbsp;

�Oh honey, we
don�t want any money. What we want is�� With that he lifted her skirt, exposing
her firm, toned thighs. DJ screamed in fear.

&nbsp;

�NOOOOOO!!!HELPPPP!!�

&nbsp;

�Bitch, noone can
hear you, now let�s get upstairs and have some fun! And bring the hero,� he
said, �So he can watch some REAL men fuck his girl!�

&nbsp;

The group started
taking DJ, Stephanie, Kimmie and Steve up the stairs. The men were pawing at DJ
and Stephanie as they were walking.

&nbsp;

�Stop It!!�
Little Steph exclaimed as a man fondled her ass under her dress. The man said
okay and proceeded to fondle her breasts instead.

&nbsp;

The four were led
into the bedroom shared by Stephanie and Michelle. DJ was set on one bed, and
the young 13 year old on the other. Kimmie was stood against the dresser, while
Steve was cuffed to the chair facing the beds.

&nbsp;

One of the men
rubbed his crotch while looking over DJ�s body. 

&nbsp;

�Damn, this chick
is hot!� he said. �Are you sure she�s only 17?��
He began to slide his hand up her leg starting at her knee and moving
upward along her smooth skin.

&nbsp;

DJ shook her head
and tried to get up to flee or fight, but was abruptly shoved back onto the
bed.

&nbsp;

�Get your sexy
ass down! And don�t do that again, or we blow little sis�s brains out!� The man
pointed a gun at Steph�s head as he spoke.

&nbsp;

One of the men
approached Steve as he sat in the chair. 

&nbsp;

�Okay hero, who
do you suggest we nail first? You gotta pick one, or I�ll shoot you in the
nuts!� Steve shook his head, he was being made to choose who would be raped in
front of him, his girlfriend or his girlfriends little sister.

&nbsp;

�Answer me or
else!� The gun was aimed at Steve�s groin.

&nbsp;

�I�I�don�t
know�don�t rape anyone! Please!!� he stammered.

&nbsp;

The gun was
cocked. �You got one more chance, bro or you lose the family jewels! Now WHO
gets it?�

&nbsp;

Steve was scared,
as tears welled in his eyes, paralysed by the choices.

&nbsp;

Suddenly, Kimmie
spoke up.

�Hey, Mike! You
don�t need to shoot him, just do what you want.�

&nbsp;

DJ turned, astonished,
toward her friend, who walked over to the leader and kissed him deeply.

&nbsp;

�Kimmie! What the
hell are you doing?� DJ asked incredulously.

&nbsp;

Kimmie looked
over to DJ with a shocking glimmer of hatred in her eye.

&nbsp;

�Maybe you�ll
learn a lesson about ditching me and interfering with my relationships with
guys. I think it will be very fun for Steve to watch these guys fuck your
brains out, Donna Jo!� Kimmie said to DJ, using her real name. �At least it
will be fun for me!� Then she looks over to young Stephanie. �And squirt, you
always wanted to be just like the big kids, well you get to have some of what
your big sis gets, too!�

&nbsp;

The leader smiled
as the plans were exposed to the victims.

&nbsp;

�Okay, let�s get
it started, I want some of this hot bitch. Rick, you can help me out! You two
go ahead and teach the young one a few things!�

&nbsp;

Two men
approached DJ and the others neared Steph as both girls cried in fear, the men
pounced.

&nbsp;

DJ was pinned to
the bed, while her cloths were pulled off of her body. Her shirt was lifted
over her head, her skirt was pulled off and her panties yanked roughly from her
young firm waist. DJ�s bra, which covered her well-rounded tits, was taken off
and thrown in the face of Steve as he watched in horror.

&nbsp;

On the next bed,
the young 8th grade girl was pinned down as the tow men fondled her
body. Her one-piece dress was simply lifted over her head, leaving the young
girl clad in only her black nylons and a small bra. The bra was quickly removed
as one man reached under the waistband of her nylons and tore the panties off
of the young teen.

&nbsp;

Then the
simultaneous rapes began!

&nbsp;

The two men began
their assault on DJ, with one grabbing her tits and climbing between her legs
and mounting the sexy 17 year old.

&nbsp;

�Noooooo!
Ughhhh!!! Stoppp! Please!!!�

DJ pleaded
unsuccessfully with her attackers as her body was ravaged.

&nbsp;

�Shut this slut
up!� Growled the man who was fucking her.

&nbsp;

The other
intruder unzipped her pants, turned DJ�s head and forced his cock into her
mouth, passed her red lipstick-covered lips.

&nbsp;

�No-MMMMMPPPHH!�
The only sounds that emitted from DJs mouth.

&nbsp;

The man on to of
her pumped his member into her tight pussy ferociously.

�Ughh�Ughhhh!�

&nbsp;

Stephanie was
crying and in shock as she saw the rape of her older sister on the bed next to
her. Then she had her own assault to worry about as a man climbed on to the
bed, parted her legs and forced his hard as steel shaft through her nylons and
slowly into her virginal hole.

&nbsp;

�Noooo!!
Don�ttt!! I�m a virgin!!!!!� Steph cried in terror.

&nbsp;

�Not for long,
honey!� The man said as he thrust into her roughly, tearing her innocence and
drawing tears from the teen.

&nbsp;

�OWWWWWWWW!! IT
HURTS!!!!!!� Her blonde hair flew all over as she shook her head from side to
side.

&nbsp;

Steve sat in his
chair crying as he viewed the rapes of his girlfriend and her little sister.

&nbsp;

Stephanie�s legs,
covered by the black nylons, flailed about as the man pumped into her tight
snatch.

�OWWWWWWWW!!!
NOOOOOO!�

&nbsp;

�Let me put the
open mouth to some use.� Said the fourth man as he shoved his dick into the 13
year old�s awaiting mouth.

&nbsp;

Now two men were
fucking both sisters at once, orally and vaginally. The sounds of grunts, moans
and muffled cries filled the room. 

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Kimmie
watched, enthralled by the orgy of sexual violence in front of her.

&nbsp;

�Ohhhhhh!� The
man raping DJ came inside her, and the man face fucking her followed, then the
two men swapped places.

&nbsp;

A similar scene
on the next bed as the man pumped a huge load inside of former virgin
Stephanie�s womb. The man fucking her mouth came as well and wiped his cock off
on her golden locks. The two rapists then switched places.

&nbsp;

The man who had
fucked her mouth slammed his member into little Stephanie�s tight pussy, and
she shrieked in pain.

&nbsp;

�NOOOO!
OWWWWWWW!!� 

Then the other intruder
shoved his dick into her open mouth and started so fuck her face. This muted
her screams considerably.

&nbsp;

�MMMPHHHH!� The
muffled cries continue from the girls� bedroom as two men were doing the two
teens at once.

&nbsp;

Kimmie looked
over to Steve, as he was helplessly watching his girlfriend getting gang raped
along with her little sister.17 year old Kimmie was excited and began to fondle
Steve�s crotch and rub her body against his.

&nbsp;

Mike, the leader
was pounding DJ�s mouth with his engorged cock, he spurted his load into her
and slid out over her red lips.

&nbsp;

DJ lay on the
bed; her brown hair messed all around her head. The 17 year old�s large round
tits were exposed and cum dripped from her well-used pussy down her bare legs.

&nbsp;

Her young sister
was still being fucked on the bed beside DJ. Stephanie was on her back, her
golden hair all askew and messed up with some dried cum wiped into it. The 13
year old�s young budding tits were exposed to her attackers and her lower body
was clad only in tattered black nylons as the men continued to fuck this junior
high beauty.

&nbsp;

DJ started
bawling as she saw the continuing degradation of her sister. Little Stephanie�s
body was rocking violently as she was fucked.

&nbsp;

In front of the
bed�s Kimmie was still groping Steve, turned on by her friend�s rape that she
had set up. Mike, her boyfriend and the lead rapist, had noticed.

&nbsp;

�Kimmie! What the
fuck?! He said, incredulous that his girl would be all over this guy in front
of her.

&nbsp;

�You fucking
whore! You need to learn a lesson, too!� He exclaimed and he grabbed her away
from Steve, and then pushed her toward his partner in DJs rape.

&nbsp;

�Looks like you
get to have some more fun, boys!� Mike yelled as he pinned Kimmie down and
pulled her shirt over her head.

&nbsp;

�Mike!!No!Stop!!What
are you doing?� Miss Gibbler cried out.� You�re right, what the fuck? Rick, You
come here and bang this bitch, I�m getting some of miss DJ�s hot ass! �Mike
told his partner and moved to DJ and flipped her face down on the bed as she
cried.

&nbsp;

�NOOO! Don�t!Not
That!!!�

&nbsp;

�Oh yeah! THAT!�
He growled as he forced his cock into her very tight asshole, grabbed her long
hair and pulled as he thrusted into her violently.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, little
Steph was being mercilessly violated over and over as her horny attackers could
not get enough of her tight, formerly virgin, pussy.

&nbsp;

And Kimmie was
crying for help as her shorts were yanked off and her tights pulled down and
Rick raped her.

�OHMYGOD!!!NOOOOO!�

&nbsp;

The scene was a
madhouse as DJ was raped anally, Kimmie vaginally, and poor Stephanie was taken
in her mouth AND her pussy at the same time!

&nbsp;

As the men
eventually finished with the young girls, Mike grabbed Kimmie by her hair and
dragged the girl over to Steve. The pretty brunette, wearing only her tights,
which were pulled down to above her knees, was ordered to suck Steve�s cock.

&nbsp;

�Ok, Kimmie! You
want this prick so much, SUCK HIM OFF NOW!� Mike said as he smacked her.

&nbsp;

Young Kimmie did
as told, wrapping her large, full lips around Steve�s member and began moving
her head back and forth as her mouth was raped.

&nbsp;

Finally, the
rapes ceased and the men tied the girls to their beds and knocked out Steve and
the girls with chloroform rags.

&nbsp;

Mike put his gun
to Kimmie�s head and told her to stick with the plan and call the cops and say the
Steve raped them all. Crying, she agreed.

&nbsp;

With that, the
masked men left the house, having had more than their share of fun with the
Tanner clan.

&nbsp;

When Danny came
home with Michelle later on, the police at the house and tales of Steve gone
wild greeted him. Young Kimmie Gibbler watched the police take Steve away in
cuffs with a sly grin as DJ insisted that he didn�t do anything!!

&nbsp;

The End

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





