BDSM Library - Rape Of The Saleswoman




Rape Of The Saleswoman
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Businesswoman meets strange man on a trip to west coast,with bad results.







Here's the info I can think of




 
  RICHARD
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-11-02T01:19:00Z
  2006-11-02T01:19:00Z
  1
  2039
  11627
  96
  27
  13639
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;���������������������������������� RAPE OF THE SALESWOMAN

&nbsp;

Kim is a very
hard-nosed saleswoman. She may be small in frame, but she is tough as nails
when it comes to getting what she wants. She has been working at the same large
company on the east coast for over 10 years. Over that time, she has gained a
well-deserved reputation as a bit of a bitch. That said,
it has served her well professionally as she heads the sales department now
after starting as a junior executive a decade ago.

&nbsp;

Today, Kim was
preparing for another of her business trips to settle another new account. The
40ish woman did not look her age at all; she had the body of a woman 10 years
her junior. She is only 5�2�, but her tits are very perky and always
accentuated well by her tight blouses. The skirts she wears to work are just as
tight and hug her sexy ass perfectly. Although her legs are amazing, she
typically wears tan or nude colored stockings, and she gets plenty of looks
every time she goes out.

&nbsp;

On this day, Kim
was wearing a tight fitting yellow-ish blouse, a black business skirt, and tan
stockings. She would be flying out today to head to Seattle; the only drawback of the job for her was
the amount of coast-to-coast travel she had to endure.
Kim would be tired because, in addition to jet lag, according to her itinerary
she would not arrive in Seattle until after 11:30 at night.

&nbsp;

She gathered all
the things she needed for her trip and went to the airport. She was surprised
to find that her flight was on time. Sitting in her first class seat, she took
advantage of the extra room and took off her heels and stretched out her
stocking clad legs. This was all to the delight of the gentleman seated beside
her, who took in the view with a smile. Kim did not notice the man ogling her.
Later in the flight, she struck up a conversation with the man just to pass the
time. It turns out that he was on a business trip to Seattle and was staying at the same hotel. They
talked about travel and work for a while and made tentative plans to meet at
the hotel bar later that night.

&nbsp;

The flight was
otherwise uneventful, they reached SeaTac airport on time. Kim took her bag,
caught a cab and headed to the hotel. As she emerged from her cab, she walked
almost right into the man from the plane.

&nbsp;

�Hey
there! Long time no
see.� He says with a smile. Kim gives a fake laugh; the man asks if they are
still on for a nightcap at the bar. She says sure, not really knowing if she
was going to show up or not.

&nbsp;

Kim then went to
her room; she rolled her eyes at the thought of that guy from the plane. She
just talked to him to kill time. On the other hand, she thought, a nice drink
might help her get some sleep before tomorrow afternoon�s meeting. She went to
the mirror to straighten up, she applied some red lipstick and made sure her
suit and skirt weren�t wrinkled and looked okay. Kim straightened her stockings
and decided she was ready to go, but first she would check her email. 

&nbsp;

�Oh,
dammit!!� Kim exclaims
as she sees an email explaining that the meeting for tomorrow was postponed for
a day. She angrily replied that it was very unprofessional to change the
meeting this late. Damn it! Now she had a whole day with nothing to do, and she
took the late, long flight for no reason! She really needed a drink now, she
thought, and grabbed her purse and headed out of the room.

&nbsp;

She went into the
elevator and then headed to the hotel bar, sure enough the man was there
sitting at the bar. He smiled as she approached, something about his smile
looked odd, but she didn�t worry about it and sat beside him.

�Hey
Kim! I thought you
wouldn�t make it.� He says to her.

�Oh, well I
wasn�t going to, but�I�m sorry, I forgot your name?�

�Kevin,� he says,
somewhat insulted that she would talk with him for an hour just a little while
earlier and not even remember his name.

&nbsp;

Kim continues,
�Okay, Kevin, well like I was saying I wasn�t going to head down, but they just
cancelled my meeting for tomorrow, so I don�t have any work until Wednesday.�
She orders a martini and asks if they could move to a table, as she doesn�t
like sitting at the bar, she says only drunks sit at the bar.

&nbsp;

Kevin is insulted
a bit by that also, he always liked to sit at the bar. Oh well, he figured, and
as they walked to a table he leered at Kim�s sexy legs. Hmmm,
stockings or hose? He wondered to himself as he stared at the woman�s
hot figure. As they reached a corner table and sat down, he watched her cross
her legs and saw the tops of her stockings at the hem of her skirt. Question
answered, he thought. The two of them talked for a while, but Kim gave him a
dirty look when she caught him looking at her legs during a lag in the
conversation. 

&nbsp;

�You have a
wandering eye problem?� she asked, angrily.

�No, I was
just�.� He stammered.

�Yeah, whatever knock it off!� Kim snapped at him.

�I�ll be right
back,� she says and walks off, she heads to the bar.

She returns a few
minutes later, and angrily speaks to Kevin.

�I just went and
paid for my own drinks, I don�t want anything from a pervert! Let�s just sit
here quietly so I can finish my drink and go up and get some sleep. Damn, I
just spoke to you on the plane to kill time, you are so annoying.�

&nbsp;

As she rambled
on, he was incredulous at the extent of her rudeness. He just took a sip of his
drink and thought about a way to teach this bitch a lesson.

Just then the bartender
came over and spoke to her. �Excuse me miss, is your name Kim in room 311?� She
said she was. He told her that she had a phone call from her boss. 

�I�ll be right
back.� Kim stated and left to answer the call. It was her boss confirming that
she had received the email about the schedule change.

&nbsp;

Kevin looked on
as she left, what a sexy bitch, he thought.

Just then he saw
the top of her hotel room key sticking out of her purse.

He had heard her
room number, 311 which was interesting. He was in 317,
maybe he should pay her a visit tonight. He reached in and took her room key
and put it in his pocket.

&nbsp;

Kim returned to
the table, sat down and finished the rest of her martini. Barely even looking
at Kevin as he sat there, she grabbed her purse and got up to leave. 

�Bye.� She says
as she strides off toward the elevators, not even turning to look at him.

&nbsp;

As he sat alone,
Kevin thought to himself about the fact he was going to teach that bitch some
manners later on that night. He paid off his tab, and walked to the elevators,
as he reached them, Kim was getting out and looked
really upset.

&nbsp;

�Hey! You, have
you seen my room key?�

�No, why what
happened?� he asked.

�Jesus, I lost
it, what the hell do you think?� Kim responded in disgust, and she walked to
the front desk.

Kevin hopped on
the elevator to get ready for his night visit with Kim!

&nbsp;

Swiftly, he went
to his room and grabbed a couple things, then he went
down the hall and entered Kim�s room. He waited in the darkness for the sexy,
bitchy woman to arrive.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, at the
front desk, Kim is explaining that she lost her room key and the manager is
handing her a new one. He says that this happens frequently with business
travelers; it will most likely turn up in a hallway or somewhere in a day or
two.

&nbsp;

She was very
frustrated now, as it had been a rough day. Kim took the key and waited for the
elevator to get back to her room.

&nbsp;

Kevin stood in
the room, waiting as he heard the key in the lock.

As the door
opened, Kim walked in and as she went to click on the lights, she was grabbed
from behind, and a gag was forced into her mouth.

�Aggh-MMMMPHHHHHHHH!!�

&nbsp;

The small woman
was dragged to the bed and thrown down on the mattress. She looked up to see a
man with a black stocking over his head standing over her. The man jumped on
top of her and took her arms, pulled them over her head and secured them to the
headboard.

&nbsp;

�NPPPPMMPHHHHHH!�

Kim shook her
head violently side to side, trying to scream through the gag. As she kicked
her legs trying to free herself her shoes flew off and went across the room.
The masked man took two stockings and tied each of her ankles to the corners of
the bed.

&nbsp;

Kim was all his
now. The sexy brunette with the petite frame was bound tightly to the bed. Her
perky tits strained against her very tight top as she struggled. Her slender,
sexy legs were spread apart, which caused her short black skirt to rise up her
thighs and expose the tops of her tan stockings. To his shock, Kevin could see
up her skirt that SHE WASN�T WEARING ANY PANTIES!!

&nbsp;

Rubbing his
throbbing cock, he prepared to rape the shit out of this bitchy woman!

He removed his
clothes then climbed onto the bed with Kim. Straddling her, he pulled her
blouse open, each button popping off one at a time. She had on a very sexy lacy
bra, very hot. Not wanting to mess with it, he just ripped it from her chest
with one strong pull. Now she was topless and he went to work on her tits,
squeezing the nicely shaped mounds. Her nipples grew stiff from his touch and
he traced them with his tongue through the stocking mask. 

&nbsp;

As all of this is
going on, Kim is frantically shaking her head all around and yelling into the
gag. But, she cannot free herself, and nobody can hear her cries for help.

&nbsp;

Moving down her
sexy body, Kevin starts to caress her legs, enjoying the silky touch of her
stockings. He slides his hands further up her thighs and discovered that her
skin was very soft and smooth as well. Reaching under her, he squeezed her firm
ass through her skirt. He then unzips the skirt and yanks it from her bound
body.

&nbsp;

She is completely
naked now, save for the stockings. He examines her bush,
it is trimmed neatly, but not very short. He massages her pussy with his
fingers, and her head jerks back from his touch.

&nbsp;

Overcome by lust
he mounts Kim and begins the rape. As he thrusts into her, the muffled cries
get louder. Bound by stockings, her legs are able to move a little bit, given
the stretching ability of the hose. They are kicking about as he fucks her
cunt, pounding into her violently to teach her a lesson. Her tits shimmy and
shake from his pumping action.

&nbsp;

Kim is horrified
as the man with the stocking mask is raping her. She tries in vain to pull
herself free, but it�s no use. He puts his hands on her shoulders, holding her
firm as he slams into her repeatedly. Her stocking covered legs are the only
part of her that can move much at all, yet they can only go a few inches either
way.

She cannot
believe this is happening to her. She previously had fantasies of being tied up
and fucked, but not like this! 

&nbsp;

Kevin is still
thrusting into her, his pace changing. He slams in very hard and fast, pulls
back slowly, then rams back in very hard again. The bed is shaking violently
from the force of the rape. The feel of her pubic hair on his balls is exciting
him more as he starts to fuck her faster and faster.

&nbsp;

He feels his
balls tighten and he leans in close and whispers very quietly into her ear.

&nbsp;

�Oh yeah, bitch!
I got a present for you, a little deposit!� he slams into her and his dick
erupts inside of her.

&nbsp;

�MMMPPHHHHH!� She
shouts a muffled scream as he comes in her pussy.

&nbsp;

Still slowly
pumping into Kim, he begins to stroke her stocking clad legs once again, to get
himself hard to fuck her one more time. It works as his cock grows again as it
sits just inside her cunt.

&nbsp;

Kim�s� eyes get
big as she realizes that he plans to rape her again.

&nbsp;

Kevin begins
pounding her at a more violent pace now, and much quicker. He slams her so hard
that her head is banging up against the headboard. 

&nbsp;

As he is
completing his second rape of Kim, he grabs her tits and squeezes them as he
shoots his load into her again.

&nbsp;

�UNHHHHHHHHHH!�
Kevin groans in pleasure through the stocking mask.

&nbsp;

He climbs off of
the bed, and he looks as his toy. Kim is bound, gagged, virtually naked, and
now covered in sweat from the consecutive rapes.

&nbsp;

Kim looks up at
the rapist as he begins to undo her bindings. He leans in to her and whispers
very softly again �Now, don�t even think of trying to escape, I�m not done with
you yet!� 

&nbsp;

But, after he frees
her legs, she tries to flee, mistake.

&nbsp;

She is grabbed
roughly and thrown hard back down on the bed. He leaps on to her and smacks her
three times. Then Kevin rolls her on her stomach, and starts to bind her to the
bed again.

&nbsp;

Kim is crying
from the slaps and the rapes, and now is worried about what is coming next. She
is tied to the bed the same as before except now she is face down.

&nbsp;

He climbs on the
bed, grabs a handful of her hair and shoves his cock into her tight ass.

&nbsp;

�MPHHHHHHHNNNPHHHHHH!!!�

She yells and
thrashes her head about as she is raped in her ass.

Her ass is nice
and tight, and her skin is so soft and smooth to the touch. Kevin cannot help
himself as he pounds into her harder and harder.

&nbsp;

Kim�s head is
moving around, but he doesn�t hear the yells anymore. Then, as he fucks her
some more going back and forth in her cute ass, he hears what sounds like the
sounds of moaning from Kim!!

Holy Shit! He
thought, this bitch is getting off on this!

&nbsp;

That thought
excited him so much he quickened his pace and and used her hair as a harness,
yanking on it as he pounded into her flesh. Finally, he reached his peak and
shot his sperm into her ass. As he was coming, he noticed Kim�s back contorting
and the moans he heard before grew very loud. Her body got stiff for a moment
and then fell limp to the bed. SHE JUST HAD AN ORGASM AS HE RAPED HER ASS!!

&nbsp;

He could not
believe it. This may be something he would have to do again, this was
fantastic!

&nbsp;

Just in case he
felt like visiting Kim again, he left the sexy little brunette all tied up nude
on her bed. He just may pay her another visit tomorrow�

&nbsp;

The End??







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





