BDSM Library - House Of Horror




House Of Horror
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:     Three teen girls go trick or treating at the spooky house down the street. The house is inhabited by a deviant madman who has sinister plans for the young girls.







HOUSE OF HORROR

 
  RICHARD
   jim
  2
  73
  2006-11-04T18:15:00Z
  2006-11-04T18:15:00Z
  1
  1785
  10176
  84
  23
  11938
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








HOUSE OF HORROR

By

Ynyn

&nbsp;

It was Halloween
night, and while all the young kids were getting started with their
trick-or-treating, HE was up in his old house just waiting.

&nbsp;

He is Mad Mike, a
demented man who lived in his big old house, way down at the end of the lane.
Mad Mike served 5 years in prison for numerous violent sex crimes, he would
likely have served more, but most of the �victims� refused to testify. This was
his first Halloween of freedom since his release. Mike had relocated to this
suburban town and bought a large abandoned house nestled down the end of a
desolate dead-end street. Outside of his weekly counselling sessions, Mike
rarely left the house, he had his groceries delivered, and had a large
stockpile of goods within his home. 

&nbsp;

Elsewhere in
town, the kids and teens were flocking to the streets in search of candy and
fun. Kids of all sizes and ages in costumes ranging from the scary to the funny
roamed the town and accumulated sweets.

&nbsp;

Mike saw several
groups of kids down his street as he watched from his upstairs window. Time
after time, the parents led the children back down the road with nary a passing
look at the spooky old house down the road. As he saw some of the skimpier
costumes worn by the teen girls, Mad Mike felt the stirring again�

&nbsp;

MAD MIKE�S PAST

&nbsp;

Delving back into
Mike�s history, he was a depressed shut-in who bothered nobody for many years.
Something snapped inside of his brain one day and Mike began plotting and
scheming to rape girls and women.

&nbsp;

Mad Mike
terrorized many girls from the local college and also several late night
waitresses. As his assaults continued, his preferences harrowingly skewered
younger and younger. The parents of a high school girl he had abducted and
raped finally caught Mike. The young girl was the only witness to come forward,
even though she named many others who had been abused during the same period.
His 20-year sentence was reduced on appeal, after the girl (and her parents)
mysteriously disappeared.

&nbsp;

In prison, he
kept plotting in he back of his mind and awaited his release. Knowing he could
never return to his old hometown (or even that region), he moved cross-country
to a nice quiet suburban town. It was here he chose to make his home, and
purchasing the old house was no accident, either. Mad Mike always had designs
to continue his acts of perverted lust. On this Halloween night, that time had
come�

&nbsp;

PRESENT DAY,
HALLOWEEN NIGHT

&nbsp;

As Mike looked on
lustfully out his window, he was seeing the older girls coming by, to his
delight many were without parents! He literally drooled over the prospects of
what he would do later tonight.

Mad Mike had seen
many young teens visiting one another at the houses one street over, the group
of teen girls were always together, and he hoped and expected that they would
dare to visit his home while trick-or-treating.

&nbsp;

Mike had seen
Cindy for several weeks, and was enthralled with her from the beginning. She
has black hair, long legs and tits that scream to be touched. He was not sure
of the entire roster of girls he would be raping this night, but it was sure to
include Beth. Beth is Cindy�s best friend, and the sexy blonde is shorter than
Cindy, but her long straight blond hair and skimpy outfits make her a prime
choice to be the first fuck. Beth is 2 months younger than Cindy, but you
wouldn�t think so by looking at her. As for who else may be with them, the only
other girl he was pretty sure would attend was Sara, she was a redhead who
always hung with the other two. Sara had smallish tits, but she had amazing, tanned
legs and was still pretty hot.

&nbsp;

Mike was also
keeping his watchful eyes out for any other potential victims. He stared at a
young girl in a cheerleader costume, but an adult appeared behind her. Finally,
Mad Mike saw a few teens heading towards his house! He excitedly went
downstairs, ready to spring his trap. The doorbell rang�

&nbsp;

And two pretty
teen girls and their father greeted Mike. Mad Mike managed a faint smile as he
handed out candy to the pretty girls. He watched their bodies walk away and
shook his head in disappointment over the false alarm.

&nbsp;

His patience
would soon be rewarded, however�about a half an hour later, Mad Mike saw, to
his delight, the girls he had watched for weeks! And�they were all alone!!

&nbsp;

He grinned from
the upstairs window and watched the girls come to the front door. He took in
the sights of his soon to be victims:

*Sara-the hot
redhead was dressed, it appeared, as a 50s era stewardess, with the short
skirt, hose, and even the little hat.

*Beth-the young
vixen was dressed as a very HOT version of Snow White, it appeared, she had a
VERY SHORT white skirt that only fell a few inches below the waist, she also
wore white thigh high stockings over her long luscious legs-it was clearly a
costume designed more for adults than young teen girls.

*Cindy-the dark
haired beauty chose to dress as Dorothy in the Wizard Of Oz. She wore a blue
flowing dress; she wore white nylons, had her hair in pigtails, and even
painted on some fake freckles.

&nbsp;

Mad Mike licked
his lips as they made their way up his long driveway. He had everything all set
up for his own Halloween �party�. Taking out his knife and his stun gun, Mike
made his way down in preparation for the arrival of the sexy trio.

&nbsp;

Momentarily, the
doorbell rang�. and after pausing a moment to glance outside and make sure
there was noone around to spoil his fun, Mike slowly opened the creaking door�

&nbsp;

Before him stood
the aforementioned very sexy teen girls, with bright, innocent smiles and they
happily held their bags out as they chimed �trick-or-treat� in unison.

That was when
Mike�s smile faded into a serious scowl. He whipped out his knife and held it
menacingly at the young girls.

&nbsp;

�Trick! Now get
inside�NOW!� Mike ordered. Beth froze, but Cindy and Sara turned to try and
flee. Beth�s eyes grew wide as Mike zapped the other girls with his stun gun.

&nbsp;

ZZAP!!! ZZAP!!

&nbsp;

Both teens fell
to the ground and Mike looked evilly at Beth and told her to drag Sara inside
as he pulled the unconscious body of Cindy in as well. Mike dropped Cindy on
the couch and pulled Sara�s limp body beside her. Beth is in stunned silence
all this time, but that comes to an end as she begins crying and screaming.

&nbsp;

�What are you
doing? Are they okay? What do you want?� She rambled in a scared panic.

&nbsp;

Mad Mike smiled
and stroked his goatee. �Wow. So many questions. What am I doing? I am starting
my own Halloween party, and you three are invited. Are they okay? Yes, they are
out for a while, but they will be up to join the fun later. And what do I want?
Well, Beth, I want to fuck all of you, and I will have you girls as my sex
slaves all night!�

&nbsp;

Beth shuddered as
he spoke her name, and then wailed as he told of his plans.

�NOOOOOOOOOOO!�

&nbsp;

�But, YES! Let�s
go Beth, you are going to be the opening act�� Mad Mike grabs the frightened
girl by the hand and dragged her along with him into one of the bedrooms. Beth
was weeping loudly as she was taken along by this sex maniac into one of his
rooms of sexual torture.

&nbsp;

Beth starts
dragging her feet, not wanting to go with her captor, but he just tugged harder
on her arm. The two enter a large bedroom, the only thing in the room is a
large canopy bed, and Beth notices two strands of fabric attached to the
headboard and stops in her tracks as Mike is trying to get her closer to the
bed.

&nbsp;

�Beth, come over
here, you are the first, get on the bed, now!� Mike says, menacing her with his
knife.

&nbsp;

She started to
sob and shook her head no.

He went over and
smacked her.

�You bitch! Did
you NOT hear what I said? You WILL cooperate, you hear me?�

Sobbing, Beth
nodded yes.

�Good, now let�s
get your sexy ass into the bed!�

&nbsp;

When Mad Mike
gets Beth to the bed, she starts to cry again.

�Please, don�t do
this, I�m a virgin!�

�I don�t care!
You won�t be for long, now GET down on the bed!� He shoves the girl and she
falls onto the bed, bouncing a bit as she does.

She rolls onto
her side and turns away, but Mike pulls her onto her back and climbs in bed
with her. �Now, you sexy slut, you are gonna fucked, put your hand over your
head!� she does as he says, and he promptly ties her wrists to the headboard
with torn stockings.

&nbsp;

�Now, we can have
our fun!� Mike growls as he molests her young body all over.

He starts to
slide his hands on her body, starting with her stocking-covered legs. He loves
the silky feel of the teen�s firm, yet soft legs under his touch.

After fondling
her legs awhile he lifts her skirt and massages her pussy through her panties,
she is shaking her head from side to side as she cries.

&nbsp;

Mike reaches up
and roughly tears at her top, eventually ripping it open exposing her braless
chest!

Beth screams
�No!�

He smiles and
says YES, and continues to maul her body.

&nbsp;

He pulls his
pants off then reaches under the skirt and tears off her panties. Mike mounts
the sexy brunette and starts to play with her exposed tits, and then begins to
kiss and suck on them. Fully erect and ready, he gets set to enter her virgin
pussy!

�Trick or teat,
Beth!� He growls through his sleazy smile as he thrusts his dick into her
pussy, he can feel it pressing against her hymen wall and grew excited over
deflowering this girl. He pushes harder, loving the silky feel of her stocking
covered legs beside him. 

&nbsp;

�Agghhhhhhhhhh!�
Beth yells as his cock enters her virgin hole.

He pumps into
her, a little deeper each time.

&nbsp;

�Ughhhhh�.Owwwwww!!�Ohhhh�.
OWWWWWWWWW!� Beth screams loudly as he breaks her cherry. Enthralled, Mike
continues to fuck the teen �Snow White�, her tits jiggling as he does.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, back
in the living room, as Cindy and Sara awaken to find themselves gagged and bound
to each other as well as the couch, the sounds of Beth�s rape resonate to the
other two girls. Sara is awake, suddenly taking inventory of her situation,
gagged and bound to the opposite side of the couch from Cindy. Her eyes are
wide with fright as she looks around the room and remembers that they are in
the big old house. The screams from the bedroom are obviously that of Beth, the
only girl she doesn�t see in the room. 

&nbsp;

Cindy is trying
to remain calm, as she sits gagged and bound to the love seat. She is
uncomfortable and her tears of horror drip across her fake freckles, causing
them to run down her pretty face.

&nbsp;

Sara is
frantically thinking of any possible escape, but there does not seem to be one.
They were stuck at this house, at the mercy of this madman. Noone would even
look for them until late the next day, as each of the girls claimed they were
staying at a different girls house. That ploy seemed very foolish given their
current predicament.

�

Back in the
bedroom the scene on the bed continues. Cute brunette Beth laying on the bed,
her arms tied to the headboard and her naked chest exposed. Her very short
�Snow White� costume skirt lifted over her waist, and Mad Mike on top of her,
pounding his cock into her formerly virgin pussy. Beth�s white stocking-covered
legs flailed on either side of Mike. The only sounds in the house are the
sounds of his grunts and the sounds of Beth screaming and crying.

&nbsp;

�OWWWW�STOPPPP!!�PLEASE!!!�

Beth begs as Mike
is bucking wildly atop the sexy brunette.

&nbsp;

�Oh yeah, fuck
yeah!! You�re a good fuck, Beth!� Mike says pumping her ferociously.

Finally, Mike
reaches his peak, spurting his load deep into the teen�s womb.

�Ohhhh, yess!
Ughhh�

&nbsp;

And with a final
thrust, he has finished with the first rape of the weekend! 

&nbsp;

Beth is crying
and panting as he unties her arms and drags her from the bed.

�Whyyy?? Why did
you do this???�

&nbsp;

�Don�t feel so
bad, baby.� Mike says to the sobbing teen. �All of your friends are going to
get the same treatment, it�s going to be a fun weekend!� 

&nbsp;

He smiles and
smacks her ass as he leads her back into the living room. He realizes during
the walk that he is hard again; time to pick someone else for round 2!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part 2 coming
soon�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





