BDSM Library - Alan and Me!




Alan and Me!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I take in a gay teen to live with me, and begin his training.







                                    Alan and Me



 
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-11T21:49:00Z
  2006-11-11T21:49:00Z
  1
  2646
  15083
   
  125
  35
  17694
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








����������������������������������� Alan and
Me!













������������������ 

��� &quot;How lucky
am I or what?� So, I have these friends.
Straight

married couple. Very liberal and free. They pride
themselves on their wide

open attitude toward life. So what do they do when they
discover their

fourteen year old son is gay?� They come to their gay friend (me) and ask me

if perhaps I would be willing to mentor the boy because
they don't know how

to handle it, and they want him to be happy. Well shit,
do they realize that

&quot;mentor&quot; to me means fuck his little teen boy
asshole and stuff that smooth

pretty face with cock? �Even though their son has never had a gay

experience, he has spoken with them about his feelings
and how perhaps..and

I stress perhaps, he may be gay. At that age, it's so
difficult to tell

because many boys go through faggot stages.� Lots of boys in their early

teens idolize male movies and sports stars and develop
crushes on them.



�� But.who was I to
argue? I would soon be getting my dick into some prime

boypussy.I could almost feel my fat dick spreading those
small tight

asscheeks and forcing itself into that pretty pink
pucker. I suggested that

the boy come to live with me for a few months, and I
could teach him about

and expose him to the gay lifestyle.� My friends were so grateful.



�� And the little
cunt, Alan was grateful too. You see, I had made sure

that he developed a crush on me. I would take him
presents when I visited

his family, give him movie and concert tickets, talk to
him on his own level

about pop stars he liked, and all kinds of shit like
that. If you want to

score teenboy pussy, you have to do your homework, my
friends.



��� Before asking
him to move in with me, I started to take him places.to

the

movies, out to eat, to the mall, you name it. His parents
were so grateful,

they paid for most of it. And Alan fell in love with me.
One night he told

me he was gay and that he knew he was in love with me.
Now I had him where I

wanted him. I told him I loved him too, but we had to
take it slow because I

was a fully grown adult male of twenty-nine,and he was
just a kid of

fourteen. I said it might not ever work out. He got all
teary eyed and said

he knew it would work out as he loved me and would do
anything for me.

Bingo!!!!



���� I got him into
spit kissing right away. I love to lick a pretty boy's

face all over and gob loads of spit into a wide open teen
boy mouth. Soon we

were sloshing spit back and forth. I have to give the
little cunt credit. He

was a damn good kisser with soft full lips and� passionate intensity. He

wanted to kiss me all the fucking time. I asked him if he
wanted to spend

some time living with me to see how things would work
out, and the little

faggot was so happy he almost floated up off the car
seat.Fucking Fairy!� So

He moved in. 



����� The first
night he was there, seated on my couch. I asked him if he

thought he was ready for sex. He was really horny, and he
confessed that he

masturbated three times a day, thinking about me.� I asked him if he ever

thought about doing things with any of the boys at his
school, and he

blushed and said he had, but now that he had me, the boys
didn't matter any

more. I kissed Alan on the neck and licked his ear and
just about drove him

nuts. Then I put on a gay porno tape of a forty year old
black man with a

twelve year old white boy, and I explained to my little
cunt the &quot;ins and

outs&quot; of gay sex.�
He was fascinated. He knew all about cocksucking of

course because kids that age are not dumb. But he knew
very little about

assfucking. And when the nigger in the vid pissed on the
boy, Alan freaked

out. Of course, it was one of my tamer vids because I
didn't want to scare

the boy.yet.�� 



���� Next, I
explained the rules of my house to Alan. I told him I would

establish these rules to help him. I wanted him to get
comfortable with his

body, with his sex, and with� his sexual orientation. He nodded very

seriously at all the shit I was spouting and said he
would do whatever I

wanted.� Here are
the rules I gave him.



� 1.. We would
sleep in my bed together every night. We would sleep bare

assed naked. (You can imagine the boner I threw just
thinking about having a

bare assed naked fourteen year old boy who was smashingly
cute in bed with

me every night)



� 2.. Alan would be
naked in the house at all times. He would put his

clothes in a box by the door when he got home from
school. I would put his

clothes for the next day in the box. (This, I told him
was so he would learn

to be comfortable with his sexuality.)� He would remain naked when I had

friends over, or even when a pizza guy delivered, or a
stranger stopped

over.I had lots of rough and tough pals in their thirties
who couldn't wait

to see some bare pink boy ass and little fourteen year
old dick and nuts.



� 3.. When he was
naked, at no time would he ever cover his cock and balls

with his hands or any object. (I told him he was so
beautiful, I wanted him

to become proud of his body and especially his cock and
balls. When I told

him this, I had not even seen them yet. You must be
patient to score with

teens) He blushed when I told him this. I held his chin
in my hand and

licked his face.�� 



The rest of the rules I told him later on, after he had
digested the first

few,when I was sure he could take it. I had to give these
to him in small

doses. You have to work on a boy's mind as well as his
body. Don't push him

too fast. But here are the other &quot;House Rules&quot;
that he eventually had to

follow. .



�� 4.. He must only
shit and piss with permission, and never unsupervised.

Me or one of my friends would always accompany him to the
toilet to watch

him shit and piss. He must learn to be proud of his body
functions, so he

must piss so the person supervising can see the cock
pissing, and he must

shit with his legs up and spread so the turd coming out
of his asshole is

clearly visible. I told him my friends would frequently
take photos of him

doing this to mark his progress. (He turned bright red
when I told him this

and it took some time to get him to comply correctly.) If
he

had to piss or shit at school, he must call me on my cell
phone and get

permission. 



� 5.. He must
masturbate four hours a night while he does his homework, but

he must never cum without my permission. I told him he
needed to gain

control over his cock, and if he really loved me, he
would do this as a

proof of loyalty to me.He must also have a hard on after
school from 4:00

P.M. Until after dinner at 7:00.� Then from 8:00 to midnight he must

masturbate while he does his homework or whatever ever
other things we do

like watch movies, or play games etc.This of course kept
him on the edge at

all times, and it was agonizing for him. By the time we
went to bed, he was

the wild fuck animal I desired.



� 6.. He must work
on stretching his anal muscles and his pussyhole every

night for two hours, so that he can become a good adult
gay lover and

pleasure my big dick. I told him that to help him, my friends
would often

watch him doing his asshole exercises and take photos,
again to mark his

progress.I would provide dildos, vegetables, and
household objects for him

to use in his anal exercises. He could do these exercises
while he

masturbated and did his homework. I wanted his mind so on
sex, that he could

not even thing about anything else.



� 7.. He must do a
one hour workout each day to incrase his muscles and then

afterward work on his tits for forty-five minutes.� I told him I liked a boy

with large prominent nipples, and he must do this for me.
He could do this

while maintaining his hard on after school. I have him
his own personal set

of nipple clamps, clips, and screws, as well as nipple
suction cups



� 8.. Sitting
posture.� He must always sit with his
legs spread wide apart.

If the chair has arms, he is to hook his legs over the
arms of the chair.

Sometimes when told to, he must put his heels up on the
seat of the chair

and then spread his legs as wide as possible.This would
prove that he was

proud to be a gay male and was proud of his young body
and his sexuality. My

friends of course, loved to see him sitting this way when
they came over to

visit and ultimately play with Alan.



� 9.. On the days
when I or one of my friends picks him up from school, he

must remove all his clothes in the car immediately and
ride home bare assed

naked. The proper way to sit in the car when naked is
with his bare feet up

on the dashboard and legs spread. He must have a hard on.



� 10.. All of my
friends must be able to touch him anywhere on his body at

any time to check his muscular development or his sexual
development. He

must not be shy about this. They will particularly want
to check his hard on

development and his anal hole development.



� 11.. I am very
close and affectionate with my friends, so he must be too.

He must greet my friends with a nice wet open mouthed
kiss and use his

tongue. This is a proper greeting and goodbye for all my
friends, even when

I am not present. Being a proud gay, he must learn this.
A good gay kiss� to

one of my friends can last anywhere from thirty seconds
to five or six

minutes. 



� 12.. In addition
to being my lover and having sex with me, he must be

willing to have sex with anyone I tell him to. I want him
to have a broad

understanding of sexual relations and to have a nice
liberal attitude. This

in no way diminishes my love for him, or in any way stops
him from being my

personal and only lover. I too may have sex with other
boys, but that does

not mean he is not my lover and partner. (of course, he
had trouble with

this one. He was at that age when he believed lovers
should be faithful to

each other and never go with anyone else. I slowly
convinced him that his

sucking dick and taking cock up his pretty ass in no way
compromised our

&quot;special love.&quot; My goal eventually was to have
him fucked eight to ten times

a day and sucking cock pretty much continually, all the
time. I fully

intended to have him service the boys at his school,
black thugs in the

inner city, derelicts and bums, friends of mine,total
strangers,the entire

clientel of every gay bar in town,and anyone I chose. But
the fact that he

would be living with me, gave me all the time in the
world to put my plan

into action. I'd soon have his young teenage asshole as
wide opened as the

Lincoln
Tunnel.)



Diversion: This brings up an interesting question. Why do
dudes like me take

such delight in stretching a young boy's asshole beyond
it's limits, and

turning it into a fucked out cunthole?� I don't know why it is, but one of

the goals in corrupting a teenager is to stretch his tiny
asshole as large

as possible, to get cocks, dildos, fists, feet, baseball
bats, bottles,

anything and everything up that young boy hole, and to
make it hurt as much

as possible. Is it just the sight of seeing the kid in
terrible pain, or is

it more. Is it a real obsession with turning his teen
asshole into a cunt?

But sometimes we gay men who are not even interested
particularly in cunt,

still want to turn the boy's hole into a fucked out
pussy. Isn't it odd? I

only know that for me there is no thrill quite like
stretching a boy's cunt

beyond the point when he says its ripping and it
can't� take any more. Maybe

that's it. Maybe its teaching the boy that we always can
take more than we

think we can! I knew that by the time Alan was sixteen,
his asshole would be

pretty much useless for anything except horse dick.



�� 13.. At school,
Alan was never to speak to any girls except female

teachers. He was to call all boys Sir..even boys younger
than himself.

This would be monitored. I would watch him on the sports
field and at

extra-curricular activities. He must call all other boys,
Sir!

�

����� 14. All he
hair on his body would be shaved off, pits, bush, asshole,

balls, everywhere. He would shave every two days to keep
himself really

smooth and clean. He would also give himself three enemas
a day so that his

asshole and colon would always be totally clean and ready
for fucking. The

enema bag would be filled with soap water and before let
it out, he had to

get permission and be monitored as he did it.



Being Gay was not as easy as Alan thought it would be.



More rules would follow.



� I set about
getting a school wardrobe for Alan.� Very
tight light tan

Trousers that hugged his little ass and crotch. No
underwear, so when he

leaked from his dick, a large visible stain would form.
Tee shirts, some

pink, some powder blue, some other colors so small and
thin that his belly

button showed and his titty points poked through the
extra thin materal.

tennis shoes with no socks. His tee shirts often had
slogans on them like

&quot;Your Boy,&quot; and &quot;Toy.&quot; Later the tee
shirt slogans would get more obvious.

The tee shirts he wore when I took him to the mall were
shorter and included

slogans like &quot;FuckBoy&quot; and &quot;Faggot.&quot;
The jeans he wore to the mall and out

other places with me often had a broken zipper so he
always had trouble

keeping his dick in his pants.



� Later, when
things got so bad for him that he would sob and beg me not to

make him wear such and such, or to not do such and such
to him, I would

remind him that I loved him and he promised he would love
and obey me. For

example the first time I told him I wanted him to suck
off a dog..he made

quite a fuss. It took lots of work to get him to the
point where he would

crawl around bare assed in a public toilet sucking off
strange men and

eating shit logs out of unflushed toilets. But to
accomplish that, I had to

begin a program of punishments to go into effect, if Alan
ever disobeyed me.

I didn't do that until after I had been fucking his sweet
ass for over a

month. He loved getting fucked by me. He gave himself
entirely to me..he

truly was so in love with me. He loved the feel of my
enormous pink dickhead

pushing it's way into his rectal ring, and my thick
cockshaft stretching his

cuntwalls. I� fuck
very hard and he got to love the sound and feel of my big

floppy balls slapping against his flesh, as I plowed my
dick in as deep as I

could. I fucked him morning noon and night. I fucked him
all the time. It

got so, that I taught him that when I even walked into a
room, he was to

bend over at the waist and push out his pussy at me. How
fucking cute was he

that way! And of course not letting him cum, made him all
the more horny. He

would cry that he needed to cum and couldn't stand it any
more..his stiff

prick leaking like crazy, and I would say, &quot;Alan if
you love me, you will

do this for me.&quot;�
A new rule established that when he walked around the

house bare assed, he was to always be playing with his
dick, and when he sat

and my friends were over, I wanted him to constantly be
fingering his

pussyhole. If he was caught not playing with� his dick and asshole, he would

be punished.� We
convince his parents, &quot;my friends&quot; that he should continue

to stay with me, as it was working out so well. I of
course convinced Alan

never to speak a word of what we were doing to his
&quot;straight&quot; parents as

they would not understand.



�� From this, you
can see that I turned the boy's entire life into a sex

circus. I had him thinking about fuck and only fuck
twenty four hours a day.

I had him sleep at night with a dildo up his ass. I
ordered him to read the

filthiest books you can imagine and give book reports to
me and my friends.

Those were the only books he could read. The only tv he
was allowed were

fuck videos.really perverted underground ones with very
young boys and

animals, and pain and torture.He had to give oral reports
on these videos to

me and my friends, and then we would try out some of the
activities from the

films. 



�� Slowly his mind
got totally fucked up along with is body. His parents

were so proud of his development and thanked me over and
over. We decided

that he should permanently live with me. I explained his
declining grades in

school as a normal response to puberty and the onset of
sexual development.

The truth of course was that he was getting fucked so
much and sucking so

much dick, he didn't have time to do school work.
Sometimes we would have a

Party, and fifteen to twenty guys would masturbate� and shoot their loads

right on the floor, and Alan would crawl around sucking
and licking their

cocksnot off the floor. We had bukake parties with� twenty or thirty guys

rounded up from local gay bars shooting loads all over
Alan's pretty face.

Of course, then Alan had to eat it all. I'd take him to a
porno movie house

in Chicago,and have him on his knees sucking off thirty
or forty guys and

taking it up the ass from dozens of guys. I insisted the
guys never wear

rubbers. It got to the point I had to have Alan tested
for HIV every single

week. At the porno film theatres, I would make him crawl
up and down the

aisles, licking the spilled fuckslop off the floor. I'd
have him clean the

walls and floor of the booths in porno bookstores with
his tongue.Three or

four times a week, he would put on shows for my pals and
sometimes complete

strangers, where he would suck and fuck with dogs, pigs,
goats, or whatever

else we came up with. Before his fifteenth birthday, he
could easily take

two adult male hands up his asscunt at the same time. I
started to pimp him

out and made more money selling his ass than I did at my
regular job. We

started to make underground porno films starring him. He
was known as &quot;the

Pigboy who will do anything!&quot; He made an entire
series of films where he ate

shit...from bowls, assholes, toilets, off the street, you
name it.

�� But if he ever
even looked at or touched another guy without my

permission, he would be punished horribly. After all, we
were lovers,

weren't we?� 







------ End of Forwarded Message











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





