BDSM Library - Killenkoff Institute




Killenkoff Institute
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sherry is sent to a new school, where she learns how to please men and boys. Her education is brutal and humiliating







Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part One (revised)   -             
Sherry Champion stood in her modest school girls' unifor

 
   jim
  2
  4
  2006-11-17T00:59:00Z
  2006-11-17T00:59:00Z
  1
  1834
  10455
   
  87
  24
  12265
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part One (revised)





-



















��� Sherry Champion
stood in her modest school girls' uniform before Mr.

Raspikov the Head of the new school she was attending.
She had just arrived

here and was terribly disoriented and confused. Next to
Mr. Raspikov stood

his eighteen year old son. This was an all girls school
located in of all

Places, Russia�and in the middle of nowhere. Sherry had
no idea why her

father would pull her from the wonderful school in Geneva
and send her here.

He had simply told her over the phone that it was time.

�� Mr. Raspikov was
a tall handsome man, with dark thick hair and hard eyes,

but it was the insane cruel eyes of the seventeen year
old Ivan that truly

terrified Sherry. No doubt about it, she was seriously
terrified.

�� �While you are
with us you will find that as long as you follow the rules

to the letter, you will have a productive worthwhile time
at Killenkoff

Institute. If you break the rules, or don�t follow them
with enough

enthusiasm, it can go very bad for you. The rules may
startle and shock you

at first, as we have very unorthodox educational methods
here. But our

purpose it so turn you into the kind of girl your father
desires.�� Mr.

Raspikov�s English was excellent. His son hadn�t spoken yet..he
had just

stood there leering at the fourteen year old girl.

�� Ever since
Sherry�s mom died two years ago, her father had been behaving

strangely. Not that she had seen much of him. She had
been packed off to an

international girls' school in Geneva. But she had loved
it there and made

many fine friends. Even her grades had soared. Then why
this startling

change?� To this
dank, dark, Russian� concrete slab in the
middle of

nowhere? 

�� Mr. Raspikov was
speaking again. �You will learn from the other girls as

well, that we tolerate no nonsense. Our educational goals
hare involve

turning unruly young girls into young ladies with the
proper attitude toward

men and their place in the world. My son Ivan, will be
directly responsible

for your education. Each girl here has her own private
mentor to help her

with her studies, and while you must always obey any of
the teachers here,

your mentor�s word is law. You must eagerly and willingly
do anything and

everything he orders. Well now, let�s get you settled, shall
we, you must be

tired after your long journey? So why don�t you strip out
of that stupid

school girl uniform?�

�� Sherry stared at
him. Had she heard correctly? Did he want her to undress

in front of him and his seventeen year old son? This was
nuts!

����������� WHACK! His hand shot out and slapped
her hard across the face.

He smiled. 

��There you see,
you broke a rule already. The first rule here at Killenkoff

is that you obey every order instantly and cheerfully. No
dawdling.� You

dawdled and you will be punished for that. Now you have
fifteen seconds to

strip bare assed naked, stupid Bitch!�

��� Imagine how
this unfortunate fourteen year old virgin girl who had never

even had a date with a boy felt. All her life she had
been sheltered, and

Now, to be told to undress in front of men! She wanted to
die. It was just

too much for her to handle.

����������� WHACK!
The hand lashed out again and left a red print on the

side of her face. Ivan chuckled as he watched his father
�educate.�

�������� �I really
hope you are not going to be a problem. I would like to

get along with you and have you join the ranks of our
finest students. I

want you to be proud of our school and love it. But this
is no way to start

out. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?�� He yelled so loudly that her body

trembled with fear. Ivan giggled like a little kid or a
village idiot.

Sherry also saw his hand rub the front of his trousers in
a most

embarrassing gesture.

� �If you don�t
strip naked in ten seconds, you Fucking Cunt, I will rip

your clothes off of you and whip your naked body with my
belt! Do you

understand?� 

�� Sherry tore at
her uniform. The starched white top with the sailor scarf

fell onto the floor. She kicked off her black shoes and
peeled off her white

knee socks. Then she udid the blue skirt and watched it
fall. Now she stood

in only her bra and panties. She put her hands over her
crotch. This made

her amply tits look even larger. Yes, Sherry was nicely
titted for a

fourteen year old. Her teenage cuntmound buldged a bit
under the tight

panties. 

�� Mr. Raspikov
leaned in and frowned. �You call that naked? Is that naked

do you think? Ivan, would you call that naked?�

�� The teenage boy
spoke for the first time. His accent was thicker than his

father�s and his voice had the hoarse quality of a teen
boy filled with

lust. 

�� �Of course, she
is not naked. I cannot see her pussy and tits.�

�� �OhGod. Oh God
please�not that. Don�t make me do this! Please, I beg

you.� 

�� �Get that
fucking bra off so my son can see your tits.� He raised his

hand to hit her again, and she brought her hands up to
unclasp the bra. It

fell to the floor revealing her fourteen year old udders.
They were very

nice indeed with large pink/brown nipples.� She had blossomed early. The

Russian boy was leering openly and rubbing his crotch
harder. She could see

the outline of his teenage dick beneath his pants. She
had never seen a

dick, but she knew about such things from late night talk
at the girls'

school in Geneva. Some of the the girls there even
masturbated talking about

boys' cocks. Her nipples pushed out and started to grow
hard.� She

brought her hands up to cover her breasts.

��� �School
rule���� Ivan barked, imitating his
father. �No cunt is ever

allowed to cover her tits. Her tits are to be on full
display at all times.�

������ This could
not be happening. This must be a nightmare from which she

would awake. Perhaps because of the recent sexual
awakening of her body, she

was having strange perverted nightmares. But she knew it
was not nightmare.

Mr. Raspikov slapped her hands away from her tits,
causing them to jiggle

and bounce. Both Ivan and his father laughed.

������� &quot;You
see, little Twat, tits are one of a girls finest qualities. Or

Two! Why do stupid fuckdumps insist on hiding them from
men. They tease and

taunt men, keeping them covered and yet pushing out
clothing.� They should

be out there on display always for a man to enjoy.

STICK YOUR TITS OUT AS FAR AS YOU CAN.�

�������� Dazed and
confused, Sherry obeyed. She pushed her shoulders back so

her tits jutted forward, her big nipples growing hard
form the open air. Her

tits sat like big fat grapefruit on her chest. She knew
most of the girls

her age didn�t have breasts as large as hers.

����� �Do you call
that pushing your tits out, you worthless cumdump? Fuck

it. No wonder your father sent you here. You are hopless.
When a man says

push your tits out�you get those udders out there�so far
that you are

straining with pain. You push those tits out until your
whole body is behind

it. We want to see those teenage tit bags. We want to see
those big fat

fourteen

year old nipples. NOW STICK THEM OUT, FUCKFACE!�

����� Tears ran
down Sherry�s face, and her lower lip trembled

uncontrollably as she pushed her tits out even more.

��� �We are going
to give those tits injections until they grow at least

three times the size. How will you feel then..with tits
so heavy you can

hardly carry them around?

������ �Oh
pluh�lease no Sir. Please�have mercy on me.�

������ �All right
get those panties off, and let�s see that teenage cunt.�

����� She had never
ever shown a male her pussy. She even had female

doctores. No man had ever seen down there. She hooked her
trembling fingers

into her powder blue silk panties and peeled them down,
choking back sobs as

she did it.

��Get rid of them.
Kick them off. You will be bare assed naked in our school

at all times. Unless you are wearing one of the clever
costumes our teachers

sometimes ask the girls to model.�

��� NAKED AT ALL
TIMES?� THIS WAS INSANITY!� She kicked the panties away

putting her hands over her virginal teen cuntmound.

She wanted to die. 

�� �Father, she is
covering her cunt. How can I see it?�

��� �Son, if you
are going to be her mentor, you have begin to take

responsibility for her yourself.�

��� �FUCKING CUNT!�
Ivan screamed and hit Sherrry on the side of�
the head,

sending her crashing onto the floor. He pulled his work
booted foot back

and kicked her viciously in the cunt.� �You never cover your dick ditch. You

never ever cover it! That is a school rule. Do you
understand, you fucking

dumb Twat!�� 

������ Sherry saw
stars. The pain in her pussy was unbearable. She curled up

in a little ball on the floor and held her battered pussy
mound.

��� �YOU ARE
COVERING YOUR CUNT�..HOW FUCKING STUPID ARE YOU?�� Ivan kicked

her again, this time in the back. She grunted and
squirmed. &quot;Over on your

back, you fucking slug�.now! Over on your back and spread
those fucking legs

wide!� 

����� Sobbing
wildly, and shaking with terror and pain, Sherry rolled onto

her back and spread her legs as Ivan, handsome in his
teenage thug wildness

stood over her.He was a beautiful boy, well muscled with
strong classic

features. 

����� �When you
stand, you show us your cunt. When you sit, you show us your

cunt. When you lie down, you show us your cunt! Do you
understand that?� He

prodded her fourteen yearold pussy slit with the tip of
his workboot.

����� �Yes�.yes�oh
God�yes, Sir!�� She responded to the
prodding of the

boot. 

��� �Legs wider
apart,and for fuck�s sake, get those tits up�keep pushing

those tits up! Legs spread, pussy open and tits up!�� Sherry arched her back

to push her tits up, and it caused her to spread her legs
even more. Her

virginal cunt was on total display.

�Ivan chuckled and
rubbed the now wet lump in his pants. Sherry knew what

that was, all right. She and other girls had whispered
and giggled about

such things.

��� He lifted his
foot and brought the tip of his boot to her pretty face

and rubbed it on her lips.

�� �Lick and kiss
my boot.�

�� Sherry
mindlessly licked and kissed the workboot. She was so tired. So

humiliated and degraded. She just wanted to be able to
tune everything out.

�� �Well, son, I am
impressed. You have become a much better teacher. We�ll

let you conduct your own class soon.&quot;

�� �Thank you
Father.� Ivan pushed more and more boot toe into the young

girl�s mouth. She gagged on the thick toe of the dirty
boot. Her pretty

young eyes grew wide.

��� �But enough for
now. She must rest. We will show you to your room where

you can spend a few hours studying the rule book. There
are many rules and

you must remember them all.�

����� �Father she
has hair on her cunt.�� It was true,only
a few curls, but

her public bush was starting. Ivan wrinkled his nose.

����� �By tomorrow
morning, Cunt, you will have a totally bald pussy, is

that clear? You will not shave it. In your room you will
find a tweezers.

You will pluck every hair from your pussy mound and your
ass crack. If we

find a single cuntal or anal hair, you will be very, very
sorry. So do that

tonight, before you sleep. You will be given a chance to
piss, shit, shower

and eat. You may not do any of these things ever without
permission.

Tomorrow, we begin your classes in cocksucking and
fucking.�

��� Sherry let out
a moan that came from the very center of her being.

Could such monsters really exist in this world? How her
entire life had

changed in a few short hours. Had her father really sent
her here?� Could he

know what kind of place this was?�

��� �Each day, in
addition to your classes, you will do exercises to enlarge

your nipples, open up your cunt, enlarge your asshole and
increase your pain

tolerence. Your tongue will also be stretched so you can
better lick balls

and assholes, and your throat opened for deep throating.
My son will

personally conduct most of these exercises with you. We
know disgusting

teenage cunts like you can�t focus and concentrate
without continual

prodding.

������ Here at our
school you will learn to love and serve a man�s cock. You

will also learn to love his fucksack and his asshole.
From now on, your life

will be devoted to serving these. Soon, this will be all
you think about.

You will be turned into a mindless fuck slut. But not too
soon. After all.

Half the fun is getting there!�





------ End of Forwarded Message





------ End of Forwarded Message
















Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Two (revised)        Fourteen
year old Sherry stood bare assed naked and terrified in h

 
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-11-19T22:06:00Z
  2006-11-19T22:06:00Z
  1
  1589
  9062
   
  75
  21
  10630
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Two (revised)









�� Fourteen year
old Sherry stood bare assed naked and terrified in her new

room. It was an awful room. The walls were of cement like
a cell. There were

no windows. The horrible part was that the walls were
covered with huge

posters of men�s penises and balls. Erect, flaccid,
pissing, cumming, every

imaginable kind of cock. Sherry was in shock. She had
only ever seen a photo

of a cock a few times, when some girl at school had had a
naughty magazine.

Here the walls were covered with them�and other posters
too. Of naked men

spreading their asscheeks ot show their assholes.

��� �I hope you
like your room. I had it decorated myself.� Seventeen year

old Ivan kept grabbing at the bulge in his trousers, as
he stared at the

naked cunt at his disposal. Any time Sherry tried to
cover her pussy or her

tits, she got slapped hard. Several times on the way to
her room, Ivan had

screamed at her to push her tits out.Fourteen was such a
vulnerable age for

a young cunt.She was so shy about her pussy and tits, and
so innocent.

��� The room had a
low metal cot with no blanket and a thin pillow. There

was a desk against the wall with a computer however. But
the chair at the

desk was most unusual.�
Sticking up from the seat of the chair was a huge

rubber penis.� Ivan
saw her looking at the cockchair and laughed.�
�That�s

where you do your homework.�� Then he pointed at the bed. �You will sleep

there uncovered and on your back with your legs
spread.� You may notice the

camera on the wall which will monitor you at all times.
Also on the desk you

will find a tweezers and a small mirror to be used to
remove all your pussy

and ass hole hair. If you don�t want to make my father
very angry you�d

better get every single hair.�

��� Sherry stood
there shoulders slumped, tears running down her face. She

could not believe her fate.This was a nightmare that had
no end. She thought

about her father, and wanted somehow to reach him. He
could not know what

kind of school this was.

�� �TITS OUT�FUCKHOLE.�� Ivan barked at her and then started to remove
his

clothing. He was a handsome boy, except for his cruel
eyes, but Sherry

started to tremble when she saw him opening his shirt.

��� �I know you are
tired, but I thought just one quick lesson before you

rest. Just so you are a bit ahead of the game tomorrow
when we start your

education in earnest.�

��� To Sherry�s
horror, the boy kicked off his shoes

and peeled off his socks. He had strong well arched feet.
He then removed

his shirt to show a well muscled chest with hard stomach
and well formed

pecs. He was a strong boy, no doubt about that. Any other
place, Sherry wold

have drooled over how cute he was.� Next, he undid his pants and

let them fall around his ankles to step out of them. He
wore no underwear.

Sherry was aghast at the sight. But anyone would have
been. Ivan had a prick

on him that was a foot long. One of those freak wrist
thick cocks�and on a

seventeen year old boy it was even more obscene. Long and
thick�like a

child�s arm.� When
he saw her looking at it in horror, he laughed.

�� &quot;Never seen
one like this, huh? I have ruined more than a few cunts in my

time�ripped them right open. But you needn�t worry, here
we prepare our

twats first. We�ll teach you how to take it.�� As he talked he tightened his

stomach muscles so the monster dick bounced and Sherry
saw a bit of moisture

at the slit on the plum sized dickhead. The pisshole was
large and opened an

closed like a little mouth.

����� �Okay, bitch
down on your knees. It�s time for you to have your first

lesson in cock worship. Have you ever worshipped a cock
before?�

������ Trembling,
Sherry fell to her knees looking up at the huge hunk of

fuckmeat and the large bloated balls of the teenage
boy.The balls hung low

in a hairy sack and were the size of hard boiled eggs.

��� �I�ve�I�ve
never even seen one.� She said finally.�
Ivan laughed again

and prodded her naked little cunt mound with one naked
foot. She gasped.

����� �Pretty
amazing isn�t it, a man�s fuckmeat?�
That�s what cunts were

born to do. Serve fuckmeat. That�s what you will learn
here. Can you smell

it. Can you smell my dick?�

��� She could too.
It was like nothing she had ever smelled in her life.

��� �That�s the
smell of male sex. It�s better than any perfume, and the

girls of our school walk around all the time smelling
like cock! I am only

seventeen, but I have already raped one hundred fifty-six
different girls.

And I have fucked six-hundred and fifty different girls.
I� have gotten

eighty two girls pregnant. Would you like that? To get
pregnant by me?�

������� Her lower
lip quivered�&quot;Oh no, Sir. Please�no.�

������ Chuckling,
he stepped in closer. He loved to see an innocent young

bitch quake with fear.

� �Kiss my cock.�
To tell the truth, Ivan

Preferred even younger girls, but it was true, this one
at fourteen had

prize winning tits on her. So she was some prize. He did
like the way really

young cunts were so much more afraid of his twelve
inches.� Although

what he didn�t know was that no one could have been more
afraid at that

moment than Sherry. She was numb with fear.

��� �I said kiss my
dick!�� He bounced his big prick and some
pre fuck

drooled to the floor.

������ What could
she do?� Sherry leaned in and kissed the
side of the cock

It felt both soft and hard�hot and cool�the skin was like
velvet, but the

muscles under it were taught and sinewy.� The smell was very strong and the

taste a bit salty. 

�� �No, you stupid
fucking hole. Kiss my dick on the tip so you can taste

the dicksnot!�
You�ll be eating a lot of that, so I want you to get used to

the flavor.�

�� �Oh Dear God, I
don�t know if I can��

� WHAP!� He kicked her hard with his bare foot right
in the cuntal pad.His

big toe actually went into her virgin cunt slit.� �Kiss it, Fuckface!�

�� Sherry was
sobbing, but she leaned in and kissed the wet head of the

boy�s humongous cock. A string of pre-fuck connected the
prickslit to her

lips. 

��� �Ow wow, is
that pretty. Does that ever look nice.��
He smiled and

lifted his big dick so the string of� fuckslime draped across her pretty

little nose.

����� �Now start to
lick my cockhead!� This is what cunts
like you are

supposed to do for guys on the first date. But so many
cunts are such stuck

up bitches, they don�t want to do that.� He lifted one
foot and started to

nudge� her virginal
cunt mound with his big toe. She could feel his toe

rubbing her pussy slit. The toe nail kind of scratched
her cuntlips.� She

could see his strong hairy legs. She could see his huge

hairy ball sack swinging. She leaned up and licked the
wet dickhead.

�� �There we go.
See. Now, that�s not so bad is it? You kind of like it,

don�t you? Tastes good, doesn�t it?� She couldn�t answer.
Her lips were

coated with cock slime.

��� �I said, it
tastes good, doesn�t it? He pushed his big toe between her

pussy lips again. 

�� �UGH�.� Yes sir. Yes sir. It tastes, good, Sir.�� The words just poured

out of her. 

�� �Yeah,.� Well, don�t worry. You are going to be
tasting lots of that

every day from now on. You are going to be the dick
licking champion of the

school when I get through with you.� Now lick up and down the prickshaft

with your tongue. Nice big swipes of your tongue all up
and down my foot

long cuntbuster.� 

��� It was so
big!� She licked up and down the cock.
Around the top and

along the sides. Down to where it joined the ballsack.
She scooped drooling

pre-fuck up on her tongue. Was this what sex was? Was
this what husbands and

wives and lovers did? Was this what the movies didn�t
show? If it was,

Sherry hated it. It was so demeaning.The more she licked
dick, the greater

the smell became�like the cock was letting off an aroma
of sex.

�� �Oh yeah, you
fucking cunthole. You are going to be one first class

dicklicker and cocksucker. I can tell already. That�s all
you fucking cunts

A re good for! Just fucking dickditches.�

�Suddenly he pulled
back. His huge prick, bouncing and leaking., and

Throbbing, standing out from his hard young groin. It was
too heavy to

bounce up and slap his stomach. A string of fuckslop
dangled from the prick

tip. �I�d love to fuck you right now. Once in the cunt
and once in the

asshole. But my Dad would kill me. We have to always
follow the fucking

rules around here. So, I�ll leave you to rest now. But
just one little

lesson before I go. When you don�t have a cock in your
mouth. When you are

just sitting or standing or crawling, or listening.
Always keep your mouth

hanging open a little�in an 0 shape. Like you have a dick
in it. It makes

you look really stupid�like you are some dumb retard. It
also keeps your

mouth ready for dick at all times. And if you can, keep a
little drool,

leaking from your mouth, like some dumb cock hungry
psycho cocksucking

dickwad eater. Eventually we�ll keep all three of your
holes open at all

times�but let�s just start with your mouth. Open a little
at all times.�

�� Sherry knelt
there on the floor, legs spread, her mouth open in an 0,

drool and cock pre-fuck dripping from her chin onto her
heaving fourteen

year old tits. 

���� As he scooped
his clothes off the floor, he spread his strong legs and

bent over so Sherry got her first look at boy ass crack.
His ass globes were

muscular, jock cheeks, and the crack was deep with a
trail of hair. As he

bent, the ass opened a bit to show Sherry the dark musky
brown/pink asshole

itself.His dick and balls swung as he gathered up his
clothes.� He turned

and walked to the door, his muscular ass mounds rolling.
At the door he

turned around.

� She looked up at
him. Her mentor. Her teacher. A teenage rapist. Cock slop

hung from her lower lip, and she was afraid to wipe it
off.

� �Jesus, what a
disgusting piece of shit you are! But don't worry, you'll

become a whole lot more disgusting in the days to come.
Rub our cunt for

me.� 

� In terror, the
fourteen year old schoolgirl reached one hand down and

began to rub her pussymound.

� &quot;Stick a
couple of fingers into your cunt.&quot;�
His cute face grinned, and

his big fat cock lurched and sprayed a little pre-fuck
onto the floor.� She

gently nudged two fingers between the puffy lips of her
cunt. She couldn't

believe� boy was
watching her do this.

��&quot;Now with your other hand, pull on your
nipples.&quot;

� Here was this
innocent schoolgirl, kneeling before a seventeen year old

boy, fingering her pussy and tugging on the big fat
nipples of her

blossoming tits.

�Then, laughing and
rubbing his swollen, leaking

prick, so the big nuts hanging below danced, he left
Sherry alone in her

misery. 





------ End of Forwarded Message









------ End of Forwarded Message
















Subject: FW: The Killenkoff Institute Part Three Date: Friday, November
17, 2006 10:18 AM From: Dale Gutzman &lt;maipenraikhap@ms

 
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-11-19T22:07:00Z
  2006-11-19T22:07:00Z
  1
  1661
  9469
   
  78
  22
  11108
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: The Killenkoff Institute Part Three

Date: Friday, November 17, 2006 10:18 AM

From: Dale Gutzman &lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt;

To: &lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt;

Conversation: The Killenkoff Institute Part Three





���� Sherry slept
fitfully in her new surroundings. She had terrible dreams.

And who wouldn't? The walls of her cell were filled with
posters of huge

dripping dicks. She was fourteen and knew a bit about
sex, but had never

seen such things. And then, to be forced to lick Ivan's
cock. The had been

made to swipe her tongue over the sweaty stalk and the
leaking head of a

teenage prick.She would never forget the odor and
slightly salty taste.

There was no water in the room and her mouth tasted of
cock all night.

��� She must have
drifted off to sleep because she was suddenly shaken awake

by Ivan who stood over her. He wore a tight white tee
shirt, showing off his

musclular pecs and tight jeans.

���� &quot;Wake up,
Cunt...its a new day. The first day of your education.&quot;� He

slapped her tits. The fourteen year old girl's tits
bounced and swung, the

nipples getting hard.

������ &quot;Get
up..stand at attention. Do you know how to do that?

No,stupid...not like in the army. Attention here is
different. Legs spread,

so your teenage cunt and asshole are on display. Bend
slightly at the waist,

so your tits are hanging...and push them forward. Now
look up and open your

mouth, so your face cockhole can be seen. Hands behind
our back. Good.&quot;

�������� Sherry was
in extreme pain standing like this, but she tried hard

to obey, knowing that somehow things would go easier for
her if she did...at

least until she could find some way out of this hell.

������� &quot;I'll
bet you have to piss and shit...huh, Cunt?&quot;

������� He was so
vile and crude, she could hardly stand it. Her entire body

blushed.� &quot;Yes
Sir.&quot; She could hardly stand to look at the handsome boy.

���������
&quot;Yes..sir, what?&quot;

�������� &quot;Yes,
Sir, I have to use the toilet.&quot;

����� He slapped
her hard enough to leave a hand print on her beautiful

face. &quot;No...you don't have to use the toilet. You
have to shit and piss. Now

say it.&quot; 

����� She cried
out...&quot;I HAVE TO SHIT AND PISS.&quot;�
It was awful. She never

used such language.�
He laughed and reached out and grabbed her nipple nubs

and twisted them.� 

���� &quot;That's a
good little sow. Pretty little cocksow...that's what you are.

I'll bet you just can't wait to get my dick in your mouth
again...huh?� And

this time I promise to shoot a load for you...nice slimy
fuck cream for you

to swallow. All right, lets go to the piss and shit room.&quot;� She followed him

naked out of her room into the corridor. There she passed
other naked girls.

Most of them looking downcast and shamed.The walked or
crawled, totally

naked, next to a fully clothed male. Some of the males
were older men, and

some like Ivan, were teenage boys.

�� The room had a
sign on it, CUNT PISS AND SHIT ROOM. She could not believe

this. It must be some sort of never ending nightmare. But
surly the horror

must abate soon. 

���� Inside the big
sterile looking room, she saw eight other naked girls,

the youngest about thirteen, the oldest about seventeen.
They stood naked in

a line.

���� &quot;Go
ahead...get in line.&quot;

�������� Then to
her horror, Sherry saw what the line was for. There was no

Toilet! There was a hole in the tiled floor..like in an
outhouse. The girl

in the front of the line would straddle the hole...her
cunt and ass spread

wide. And then she would squat and shit and piss into the
hole. At least a

dozen men and women sat on bleacher like benches right in
front of the girls

to watch them piss and shit. They pointed and commented
on each girl who was

evacuating her bowels or urinating.� But that wasn't the worst. Cameras

trained on the girl's pussy and asshole projected her
cunt and shithole onto

large tv screens which hung from the ceiling. Every
intimate moment of the

private act was captured for all to watch. Sherry put one
hand to her mouth

and felt like she needed to throw

up. 

��� The girl
squatting suddenly yelled out quite loudly, &quot;Shitting now.&quot; the

people watching leaned in for a better look, or scanned
the screens for a

close up of the turd forcing its way out of the girls
asshole.

After she was through, it was the job of the girl behind
her in line to wipe

her ass with a wet paper tissue. And to do the same for
her pissy pussy. The

girls had to actually clean each other's most private
parts.

���� &quot;Don't
worry, you'll soon get used to it. It's nothing compared to the

other stuff we have to do.&quot;� The pretty thirteen year old girl behind her
in

line whispered. But at the moment, it seemed to Sherry
absolutely horrible.

���� &quot;Usually
we are forbidden to speak, but I can say a few things to you

to help talk you through this. They gave me permission.
I'm Tina, and I have

been here two months. It's far worse than you can ever
imagine. We are

fucked and tortured all the time. We live here only to
serve cock. All our

classes are about how to take care of men's sexual needs,
and most of them

really perverse. Now, when you piss and shit...make sure
to yell out quite

loudly...&quot;pissing now&quot; and &quot;shitting
now.&quot; If you don't, you will be

punished. Sherry turned slightly to catch a glimpse of
the pretty girl

behind her. She was shorter than Sherry with reddish
hair. Her face looked

terribly childlike, but her tits were huge with swollen
nipples. Almost

shockingly huge. Sherry wondered how a girl so young
could have such big

tits. The girl had a narrow waist, and slender legs. Her
pussy was hairless

and the cuntlips looked swollena and puffy. The girl
smiled briefly.

��� &quot;It's so
they can watch closely on he monitors and see the piss and

turds. You have a really pretty body. They are going to
like you. I hope you

don't suffer too much. Just obey them and do whatever
they say. It's no use

fighting or refusing. Then they hurt you, and you have to
do the stuff

anyway in the end. Here, take some wet tissues from the
pile. You are only

allowed three so use them carefully...if the girl is not
totally clean..you

will have to lick her ass and cunt. And Stick your tits
out..they get really

angry if you don't.&quot; As if to demonstrate the young
girl pushed her huge

tits even further out, the nipples almost dancing with
the movement.

&quot;You must know by now, how much guys love big
titties.&quot;

���� Poor Sherry
couldn't turn fully around to see her new friend. She knew

that would be forbidden. She tried to push her own bust
out more,but her

shoulders and back ached from the effort. Girls at
fourteen are very aware

of their tits anyway.Their nipples always seem overly
sensitive.

������ The part
where Sherry got to the front of the line is all a blur to

her...She somehow managed to wipe the cunt and ass of the
girl before her.

She saw the shit on the wet tissue before she dropped it
in the hole,

And she almost puked. Then, she had to squat and show
everyone how she went

to the toilet. It was the most embarrassing thing in her
life. But it was

nothing to what lay ahead .

���������� After
she somehow got through shitting and pissing, and she

perhaps didn't shit as much as she should have...but she
was too humiliated,

she followed the girls to the shower room. In the shower
room, Naked

muscular boys with scrub brushes...washed and cleaned the
girls...feeling

their pussies, assholes,and tits while they cleaned them.
The boys seemed to

be between fifteen and eighteen years of age and enjoyed
their task

tremendously. They all sported huge hardons. It was as if
you couldn't work

in this school, if you didn't have a humongous dick.
Sherry was really

scared, as the dicks bounced and rubbed against her naked
body as the boys

washed her..talking about how cute the 'NEW CUNT' was.
They spoke in the

most vile, filthy manner.

�� &quot;Look at
the fresh young pussy on this bitch,&quot; one cute curly headed boy

said.&quot;Not much in the udder department, but we'll
fix that, I'm sure.&quot;

Another boy, a brutish looking fellow with darker skin
grunted. &quot; I can't

wait to get my cuntstuffer into her mouth and unload some
fuckscum down her

throat. Sherry� had
spent thirty minutes before going to sleep painfully

plucking all the pussy and ass hair off her smooth pale
body. Now the boys

ran their fingers over her private areas, looking for
pussy hair and ass

hair. They found two tiny curly cuntal hairs, hardly
noticeable, right near

the lips of her twat and told her they would report
her.� She begged them

not to, and they just laughed.� One of the boys slapped her ass, not hard,

but in an obscene way, like she was nothing but
livestock.

������ Still
standing under the hot shower spray, which felt really good.

One naked teen thug said to her...&quot;Okay, kneel down
and open your mouth.

Time to clean out your face cunt.&quot;

����� They pushed
Sherry to her knees. Then, a boy who was about sixteen

and had a really mean look on his handsome face, worked
up a lather with the

soap and covered his thick throbbing dick with it. When
the cock was covered

with soap suds...he shoved it in her mouth. Sherry gagged
and received a

slap to the side of her head. The boy held her ears and
worked his soapy

dick in and out of her mouth. Each time he pushed forward
with his hips, the

fat cock went further into her throat. His big balls
swung and slapped her

chin. How could a boy of sixteen be such a monster? Was
it just in the

nature of males to be so sadistic and cruel? She felt
sick and tried to

twist away, but the other boys grabbed her.

���� They held her
head steady while the boy fucked her face.�
&quot;Okay, let's

clean that out...get it nice and clean...&quot;� he grunted as he slammed into

her mouth, obviously enjoying his task.

���� Sherry gagged
and puked. The soap and water washed it away and

the boys just laughed. Then they put her on her hands and
knees and shoved

hoses up inside her asshole and pussy. It hurt terribly.
These were not

small hoses, but garden hoses, large thick rubber. It
really pained her to

have them forced up into her tender tiny pussy and ass
sphincter.The boys

stroked her cunt mound and ass pucker around the hoses,

� &quot;Don't
worry, Cunt. In just a couple of days, you will be taking much

larger things than these with no problem at all.&quot;

� They filled her
with soapy water until she sobbed and her insides felt as

if they would burst. Her tummy pushed out, and she felt
as if something

inside would explode. Then, when she could stand it no
more, and sobbed with

the pain, the cute boys ordered her to expel it all,
right in front of them.

�� &quot;Come on,
Dickdump, see how far you can spray the shit water!&quot; They

grabbed her tits and made her bend over, so her ass was
sticking up, and

then they told her to squat slightly so they could see
the asshole when the

shitty water burst out in a long, strong stream. She
sobbed with humiliation

as the spray of shitwater splashed the tiled floor and
went down the drain.

The boys howled with laughter.� One boy reached down and tickled her pussy

lips, and a second spray of water shot out of her
fourteen year old cunt.

�� And all of this
happened before breakfast.









































�









------ End of Forwarded Message




















Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Four Date: Friday, November 17,
2006 10:47 AM From: Dale Gutzman &lt;maipenraikhap@msn

 
   jim
  2
  0
  2006-11-19T22:07:00Z
  2006-11-19T22:07:00Z
  1
  1007
  5742
   
  47
  13
  6736
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Four

Date: Friday, November 17, 2006 10:47 AM

From: Dale Gutzman &lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt;

To: &lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt;

Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Four









�������� And then,
squeaky clean and still naked, with her pussy plucked

bald, fourteen year old Sherry Champion was taken in to
breakfast.� Her new

teacher, Mentor, seventeen year old Ivan, he of the huge
dick and the well

toned body, led her proudly. Sherry kept her eyes on the
floor mostly as she

walked behind Ivan.

������ He had told
her that most days she would crawl, but today she could

walk. He said he wanted all the other guys to see her
tits and cunt. Imagine

having this happen to you at fourteen. Imagine the shame
and horror. Sherry

had been an innocent, sheltered girl.

�� &quot;After
breakfast, I'll bust your cherry...&quot; Ivan said casually as they

walked. Sherry glanced to her right, to see a girl of no
more than thirteen.

The girl was naked and sucking the dick of a middle aged
man right there in

the hallway. What was so unusual about the girl was that
she had had some

kind of breast implants. Like the girl in the Piss and
Shit room, even

though she still had the tiny body of a little girl, she
had tits that were

about a size forty-two D cup. It was grotesque, and she
was like some kind

of freak. This pretty little girl face and tiny body and
then those huge

tits. The nipples stood out like giant strawberries.

���� &quot;Don't
worry, Sherry, soon you'll have tits just like that.&quot;� Ivan

chuckled. 

��� Sherry choked
back a sob. How could they do this to innocent young

girls? How could anyone be so monstrous?

�� They entered the
dining room. Sherry saw nine other girls about her own

age lined up...all of them naked and most of them with
huge tits. The girls

looked down at the floor, but stuck their tits out. All
the girls had bald

pussies. Sherry noticed that most of the pussies looked
raw and swollen, and

she wondered if that was the result of constant sexual
abuse. The nipples on

the girls' tits also looked swollen and red and very
sensitive. In front of

each girl, on the floor was a silver doggie bowl.� There was one bowl with

no girl behind it, and that it turned out, was Sherry's
place.

��� &quot;We have
over a hundred cunts here at our private school, and eventually

you will be eating with them. But to teach you proper
etiquette, you will

dine here with the other recently arrived cunts for a
while.&quot;� Ivan placed

Sherry next to a pretty blond girl with nice full tits.
There were about

fifteen to twenty males in the room too, seated at some
tables, eating and

chatting. The males were all dressed of course. Sherry
assumed they were the

teachers. They ranged in age from about fifteen to fifty
or sixty.

����� Sherry stood
with the other girls, her knees knocking in fear.



�������
&quot;Fuckface, would you please lead the cunts in Grace?&quot;a
muscular guy

of about twenty-five said, all the while looking at
Sherry with a wicked

grin on his face. Sherry didn't know who Fuckface was..if
it was her or

someone else, but she relaxed when another girl stepped
forward one step.The

girl had a pretty face with a pale milky soft complexion
and red hair.She

looked so sweet, sherry wanted to have her as a friend
instantly.

��� &quot;For what
we are about to receive we thank our male superiors and their

big fat beautiful dicks.&quot;� The girl called Fuckface had a very musical

voice, but she spoke too quietly, and so the muscular guy
stepped up to her

and grabbed her by the nipples. She gasped for air and
went up on her toes.

Her tits seemed overly sensitive.

���� &quot;We can't
hear you, Fuckface.&quot;� The guy said
smiling down at her.

������� &quot;FOR
WHAT WE ARE ABOUT TO RECEIVE, WE THANK OUR MALE SUPERIORS AND

THEIR BIG FAT BEAUTIFUL DICKS. WE WERE BORN TO SERVE DICK
AND ARE GRATEFUL

FOR ALL THE WONDERFUL COCK GIVEN TO US. WE LOVE COCK AND
NEED IT EVERY DAY.

WE PRAY FOR A LIFE OF CONTINUAL FUCKING, AND ARE THANKFUL
FOR THE BOUNTIFUL

LOADS OF FUCKSNOT GIVEN TO OUR UNWORTHY VESSALS.PRAISES
TO THE MASSIVE COCK

OF JESUS AND THE COCKS OF ALL MEN.� AMEN.&quot;

���� Sherry
couldn't believe what she was hearing. Such obscene filth!

Next, the girls all knelt behind their doggie dishes.
Sherry followed suit,

but Ivan kicked her hard.

�� &quot;When you
kneel, Cunt, you kneel with your tits out, hands behind your

back, knees spread so your twat is exposed.&quot;

���� Sherry tried
to do as she saw the other girls do. They knelt back

straight, tits thrust out painfully, knees spread so the
guys at the table

across the room could easily see their cunt lips.

���� &quot;It's so
hard to teach these fucking cunts anything,&quot; the

twenty-something guy said to Ivan.

������
&quot;Luckily, they are only good for one thing, anyway. Now let's see

what we have for lunch, Cunts!&quot;

����� Two naked
girls who were barely teens entered the room. The first

carried a large metal dish filled with some kind of food.
The second carried

a pitcher. 

����� The first
girl scooped huge globs of the food into each girl's bowl.

��� Sherry looked
down, not believing her eyes. She recognized the food. It

was canned dog food. She wanted to puke just looking at
it and smelling it.

��� &quot;Ymmmm,
yummy,� Cunts. Today we have Alpo Liver
Supreme. Just the thing

for growing cunts.&quot;

���� Then the
second girl went to each dish and tilted the pitcher so some

of the thick off white syrup from inside would cover the
dog food.

���� &quot;Oh and
look, a special gravy made of genuine one hundred percent

doggie cum!&quot; 

�������� Even the
better trained girls gasped at that. The guys in the room

roared with laughter, and some of them openly groped
their bulging crotches.

���� &quot;Nothing
like dog food covered with canine spooge to start the day

right. Okay, cunts, chow down.&quot;

���� Some of the
girls were crying quietly, but except for Sherry, they all

leaned down and shoved their faces into the doggie
dishes.

����� &quot;Come on
Fuckholes, let's hear how much you like your breakfast.&quot;

����� The girls
started to make disgusting piggy noises while they sucked up

the greasy dog food and animal sperm. They knelt there,
asses and cunts up

in the air, tits swinging as they pushed their faces into
the disgusting

food mixture. Teenage girls, completely degraded.� Sherry watched them with

horror.

������ &quot;Better
get going, Hole!� If you don't eat all
your food, you are

going to be one very very sorry dickdump!&quot;

������� Tears ran
down Sherry's face. Was that it then? Was she truly to

become a dickdump?�
She had always been shy and rather afraid of the whole

idea of sex. And now...this was like her worst nightmare
coming true. And

this was only the first hour of her first full day at the
Killenkoff

Institute!���� 

�









































�� 







------ End of Forwarded Message




















 Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Five        Sherry didn't know
how she managed to keep the cum covered dog food down

 
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-12-05T17:56:00Z
  2006-12-05T17:56:00Z
  1
  1033
  5893
   
  49
  13
  6913
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}










Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Five











� Sherry didn't
know how she managed to keep the cum covered dog food down.

Several times she almost puked. While the girls knelt and
ate on the floor,

the guys at tables, fully dressed, ate their food and
made fun of the

'cunts.'� Several
times, one or two of them would saunter up and down the

line of girls, pushing their faces further into the bowls
of greasy food or

stepping behind them and reaching down, pinch their
cuntlips or clits.

�� Somehow, perhaps
because of shock, Sherry got� through it.
After

breakfast, the girls were allowed to wash their faces of
dog good grease and

brush their teeth and gargle. That was the best part of
the day.� Then Ivan

took his new pupil to what looked like a doctor's office.

��� &quot;Okay
cunt, before I fuck your cherry cunt, I want to get started on

your tits,&quot; he said cheerfully. Well, what seventeen
year old boy in his

position wouldn't be cheerful?� &quot;This is Doctor Himmel.&quot;� Doctor Himmel was

an elderly German, with a leering smile and wild gray
hair.

� &quot;Just sit up
her on this table, Cunt.&quot;� The
doctor said cheerfully.

�� &quot;What are
you going to do to me?&quot; Sherry asked, her lower lip trembling

in the cutest way. 

���
&quot;Whack!&quot;� Ivan's large
hand slammed across her face. &quot;No talking unless

asked a question, Fuckface.&quot;

���� &quot;Such a
pretty little cunt...what...fourteen?&quot; The doctor asked Ivan,

and then the old man reached down and cupped Sherry's
virginal pussy. He

felt her cunt lips and then between them. Sherry wanted
to scream and pull

away, but what could she do?� The fingers probed her cunt.

� &quot;Oh my, so
moist...this cunt needs to be fucked badly.&quot;

�� Ivan nodded. His
dick was pushing out the front of his pants. &quot;Yeah, she

should have been fucked a couple of years ago...but
nobody got around to it.

Well, we'll make up for that now.&quot;

�� The doctor
giggled, a high, thin giggle that sounded incongruous coming

from his old face. 

�� &quot;How wise
of your father to send you to our private school, where

fuckholes like you can be taught without any fear of
interruption. Now let

me see here. Oh such nice budding titties...&quot; �The doctor felt Sherry's

tits, twisting and tugging on the nipples.

�� &quot;Get them
out, Bitch. Don't embarrass me in front of the doctor.&quot; Sherry

thrush out her tits for the doctor to maul.

�� &quot;You
fucking cunts are so selfish, thinking that at thirteen and fourteen

years of age, you can walk around keeping these covered
up. Teasing and

taunting the boys in your schools. Cunts your age should
be forced to go

bare titted at all times.&quot; The Doctor pulled the
poor girl's nipples out

painfully..stretching them like rubber bands.

&quot;Oooooweeeeeeeeeeee...oh God....&quot; Sherry
moaned.

�&quot;Shut the
fuck up...&quot; Ivan said, and slapped the girl on the cunt pad.

� &quot;Now my
dear, I am going to inject a kind of saline solution into each

tit. It will enlarge them to almost twice their
size.&quot;

��
&quot;Noo...please...&quot;�
Sherry barely whispered.

�� &quot;This of
course is no permanent solution..but it will do for now. You

need to develop your tits to please men.&quot;� He took out a syringe with an

eight inch needle. &quot;I am afraid this is going to hurt...a
lot. Now be a good

little cunt.&quot; 

�� Ivan stood there
playing with his dick in his pants. He needed to pop her

cherry soon, or it would drive him nuts. He had not
fucked a fresh young

teenage twat in two days. He had been too busy with
Sherry's arrival and

all. Next to humiliating and hurting cunts, fucking was
one of his favorite

hobbies.

��� Sherry screamed
when the needle was roughly jammed into her right

breast. The doctor didn't even try to be gentle or
careful. In fact he

enjoyed seeing the fourteen year old in pain.

� Sherry watched as
her teen tit swelled and grew tight and heavy. He pulled

the needle out. 

�� &quot;Can't you
make it any bigger,&quot; Ivan said with a frown? It already

looked like a melon.

�� &quot;Not today.
These things take time, my boy. My Gott, you boys are so

impatient. She will have tits like a sow in no time. But
until then, you

will just have to enjoy fucking her like this. You see
the skin has to

stretch and the tit become used to the weight.&quot;��� He rammed the needle into

her other breast. She let out a cry� like someone just dropped through a

trap door in the floor. Her tits were enormous and hard
and ultra-sensitive

to the touch. 

�� But the doctor
wasn't finished. He took out� two more
needles, filled

with a light colored solution.

�� &quot;Now these
injections are to enlarge and sensitize your nipples. They

will swell up to the size of thumbs. They will become so
sensitive that you

won't be able to wear any clothing. The slightest touch
to them will cause

waves of intense feeling to course through you.&quot;

�� Ivan chuckled.
&quot;Wait until I play with them that way. You will go fucking

nuts.&quot; 

� &quot;Now we have
to inject right into the nipple itself, and that hurts quite

a bit, I am afraid. Be a brave cunt. It's for your own
good.

���� The injection
was bad, but not as bad as the feeling that soon after

took over her swollen nipples. They swelled like sponges
filled with water,

and looked like thick rubber erasers. And the feel. The
feel...like when you

rub your tits intensely during sex and you can hardly
stand it...but all the

time...never stopping...

� &quot;Oh
God...oh...oh...my...my...&quot;� She put
her hands to her breasts to

relieve the feeling, but when she touched her nipples, it
was like an

electric shock went through her. The sensation shot
through her body from

her tits down to her twat, as if there were a direct
connection. Her pretty

little body trembled and shook. Ivan

laughed. 

� &quot;They will
get even more sensitive with repeated injections.&quot; He reached

out a hand and flicked her right nipple. She jumped on
the table. The

feeling was positively electric.

�� Sherry looked at
her swollen tits in the mirror. She couldn't believe it.

They itched and stung and throbbed.

� Ivan grabbed a
nipple in each hand. She almost fainted from the sensation.

He yanked her off the table by her tits. She walked kind
of bent over at the

waist, tits sticking out, as he took her on a tour of the
room by her nipple

nubs. She sobbed and begged him to release her tits, but
he just laughed and

twisted and pulled harder. She thought she would faint
from the intnesity of

the sensation. Waves of feeling went through her body,
just the way one

feels when one hits the crazy bone. Her legs buckled
because the feeling was

so great. She started to sink to� the floor, but Ivan held her up by the

nipple buds.She instinctively put her hands up to her
breasts to ease the

pain. 

�� &quot;Get those
fucking hands down, Bitch. You have so fucking much to learn.&quot;

��� &quot;Oh yes,
she is a wild little one, all right!&quot;�
Dr. Himmel remarked,

inserting a finger in her asshole and roughly fucking it
in and out.

���� But Ivan was
impatient and could wait no longer.

�
&quot;Okay....time to get FUCKED.&quot;





------ End of Forwarded Message




















Conversation: Killenkoff Institute part Six   --           Seventeen
year old Ivan was one hunk of a nasty stud

 
   jim
  2
  0
  2006-12-05T17:56:00Z
  2006-12-05T17:56:00Z
  1
  1212
  6912
   
  57
  16
  8108
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Conversation: Killenkoff Institute part Six





--

�



������ Seventeen
year old Ivan was one hunk of a nasty stud. He threw the

naked fourteen year old Sherry through a door into what
looked like a class

room. Sherry gasped as she saw twelve teenage boys in the
room standing

there bare assed naked and beating their swollen dicks.
The boys were from

the ages of fifteen to nineteen.The room smelled of cock.
They cheered when

they saw her fall to the

floor. Their pricks were slapping their bellies and
throbbing in their hands

and swinging and dripping and drooling. Sherry gasped in
a state of shock.

She was so innocent and pure.

� &quot;Holy Fuck
look at the tits on the Cunt!&quot;� One
boy said, pumping his teen

dick like there was no tomorrow.

�� Ivan beamed as
he stripped off his own clothing. &quot;Yeah, I just gave her

tit injections. Her tits are so sensitive, she'll go nuts
if we even touch

them.&quot;

� &quot;Well, in
that case, what are we waiting for?&quot; shouted a muscular blond

youth whose eight inch cock was waving in front of him
and leaking, as he

bounced� his big
sweaty balls in the palm of one hand.

�� Sherry didn't know,
because she had never even seen a cock before Ivan's,

but all the boys in the room were really well hung...each
of them over seven

and a half inches. That's why they were hired by the
institute. What a

fucking great job for a teenage boy.

�� &quot;Spread your
legs cunt and show the boys your pussy!&quot; Ivan ordered, his

fat hunk of fuckmeat hanging half hard between his strong
young thighs.Horny

boys are like animals in heat, they simply have to fuck!

��� &quot;Oh
God...please don't do this to me. Don't make me do this. I beg you,

please!&quot;�
Sherry sobbed, here eyes going from one rampant prick to the next.

�� &quot;You God
damned fucking lazy slut!&quot;� Ivan
screamed at her. &quot;When I tell

you to fucking do something you do it, you fourteen year
old dick ditch

twat!&quot;� He
kicked her hard with his bare foot, right in the cunt. She slid

back across the room, screaming in pain, and the guys in
the room cheered

and pounded their pricks all the harder.

� &quot;Now spread
your fucking legs and show them your cunt!&quot;

�� She howled in
pain, but spread her slender young legs and revealed her

freshly shaven virginal pussy to the hungry eyes of the
teenage boys.

� &quot;Reach down
and spread those cunt lips! Show us some pink!&quot;

�� Imagine the
horror for a fourteen year old girl to have to spread her

cunt for thirteen teenage boys with dripping erections.

�� She sat there on
the floor holding her puffy cunt lips open, while the

boys hooted and danced around her, pricks and balls
swinging and bouncing

and leaking. Now and again some dick drippings would
splash on the poor

girl. 

� &quot;Wider,
Whore..spread that cunt wider. Peel those lips back!&quot;� Ivan walked

up to her and kicked at her again, his dick slapping his
thighs. Now it was

its full thickness and leaking like a faucet.The cockhead
was like a plum.

��Sherry had had the dreams most young girls
have. Dreams of a handsome

teenage boy dating her and falling in love with her.
Dreams of going steady

and holding hands and going out to the movies. And yet,
here she was naked

and spreading her twat lips in a room of thirteen hard
pricked stallions who

had one thing on their minds...fuck!

�
&quot;Puh...lease...I'm a good girl.&quot; She stammered through her
tears.

� &quot;Yeah, and
soon you're gonna be a great Fuck!&quot;�
Ivan answered and the guys

cheered and high fived each other.

�� &quot;Okay
Bitch, now I want you to sit there like that holding your cunt

open, and I want you to beg us to fuck you! I want you to
beg all of us to

stuff our big dicks in your slutty little cunt!&quot;

�� Poor innocent
fourteen year old Sherry was almost out of her mind with

anguish.

&quot;Oh God, don't�
make me say things like that...I...&quot;

� Ivan reached down
and grabbed one of her injected tits. It sent waves of

electric like feeling through the poor girl. Her body
writhed on the floor

as he squeezed her newely swollen tit.

�
&quot;Oh..Guuuuughhhhhhhhh...ugh ugh...ugh....! &quot;� She jerked, having some kind

of sensual spasm.

� &quot;Say it, you
fucking Bitch. Beg us to fuck your filthy cunt!&quot;

� &quot;Oh
God...Oh....all right. Fuck me. Please fuck me. Please fuck my cunt!&quot;

�� The guys all
laughed at that. A pretty little fourteen year old begging

to be fucked!

�� &quot;Shit, they
are all the same. They act all prissy and noble, but they are

really cock crazy sluts!&quot; A jock type kid of sixteen
shouted, yanking his

fat fuckhose until the nutsack slapped his thighs, and
his

buddies slapped him on the back.

� &quot;Beg us all
to stick our big dicks into your dirty little cunt.&quot;�� Ivan

grabbed a nipple, and the intensity of the pain
increased. It was

unbearable. A kind of nerve pain...like when a sensitive
nerve is touched.

Sherry jerked on the floor.

�� &quot;UGH!� Please...puh...lease fuck me. Fuck my cunt.
Stick your big dicks

in my pussy.&quot;

�� &quot;No, Bitch,
beg us to stick our big beautiful dicks into your dirty

little cunt!&quot;

�� &quot;Please
stick your big beautiful dicks into my dirty little cunt!&quot;� She

screamed. The teengers roared with laughter. Their dicks
squirted pre fuck.

A rope of it landed across Sherry's face.

�� Ivan stepped
back. &quot;Look at the floor, bitch. Look at all the slime on

the floor from our dicks leaking. It's your fault. You
got our dicks

leaking. Look at the puddles of prick snot!&quot;� It was true, all over the

floor there were small pools of prick slime pre-fuck.

� &quot;Crawl
around the room and lick it off the floor!&quot;

�� Sherry couldn't
believe what she was hearing. It was so perverted, so

sick, so monstrous!

� &quot;Get
crawling you useless titbag!&quot; He kicked her tits with his bare foot,

connecting and causing one to slap into the other and
both tits to swing.

��
&quot;Oh...ugh...oh...&quot;�
Sherry sobbed crawling around on the floor like an

animal.

�� &quot;Get your
face down and start to lick up that cock goo!�
You'll learn to

love the taste before we are through with you here at
Killenkoff!&quot;

���� Poor fourteen
year old Sherry, crawled across the floor licking prick

slop up off the cement while naked teenage boys cheered
her on. The taste

was horrible, and she wanted to puke, but she knew she
dare not. Her tongue

was coated with pre-fuck slime. Long strings of fuckslop
drooled from the

boys' cuntrammers. But Ivan couldn't wait another

minute. His dick was ready to explode. And there was only
one place he

wanted to unload...up Sherry's virgin cunt!

��� &quot;Spread
'em, Bitch, here I come!&quot;� he
dropped to his knees and roughly

spread the young girl's legs. She felt the huge knob of
his prick at her

pussy lips. She felt it nudge into the cuntal folds. She
felt it stretching

and expanding her teen twat. She felt the knob pop
inside. It hurt horribly.

A second teen stood behind her, holding her still. He had
grabbed both her

nipples and was��
pulling and twisting them. The feeling was so intense she

even forgot for a second about the cock in her cunt.
Still it pushed in..one

inch, two, three, four...&quot; The boy holding her stood
over her, his big dick

dripping on her face.

��� &quot;Oh yeah..she loves it..she fucking
loves it!&quot; Ivan fucked harder and

harder into her, his massive teenage dick pushing up
against her cherry.

&quot;Fucking Cherry popping time!&quot; he yelled and
slammed his hips into her,

sending his fuckmeat tearing through the delicate
membrane. The guys

cheered, and Sherry screamed until she lost her voice.

�� &quot;Aw, fuck
yeah, I'm in!&quot; Ivan yelled as he slammed balls deep into the

fresh young teenage cunt.

�� Sherry felt like
the big dick was ripping up her insides. The pain was

blinding.

�� &quot;Take it,
you fucking bitch!&quot; Ivan grunted, twisting his dick around

inside of her, stretching her cuntal canal. Then he
pulled out half way,

blood and slime dripping onto the floor, and then he
rammed it back in as

hard as he could. Sherry saw stars...she lost
consciousness for a few

seconds. The pain of it numbed her and caused her to lose
all sense of time

and place. The guy above her had bent down and started to
rub his fat

stinking dick all over her face, leaving trails of pre
fuck on her nose and

lips.

��� And the fun was
just starting.









------ End of Forwarded Message




















Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Seven   --               
&quot;I'm gonna make a baby,&quot; ivan shouted as he shot his blast  O

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-12-08T16:50:00Z
  2006-12-08T16:50:00Z
  1
  1225
  6983
   
  58
  16
  8192
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Seven





--



















����� &quot;I'm
gonna make a baby,&quot; ivan shouted as he shot his blast 

Of fuck batter into Sherry's ruptured fourteen year old
cunt. The poor girl

felt the prick pounding against her cervix. She felt the
cock swell and the

warm rush of cocksnot as it shot into her.

���� &quot;Ugh..oh
please, don't make me pregnant!&quot;�
Sherry moaned, but was

unfortunate to open her mouth just as the dick rubbing
against her face 

Shot off uncontrollably and waves of fuckslop washed over
her nose and lips. Cum seeped into her mouth. A second blast hit her in the
eyes, clogging them

shut. Ivan pulled roughly out of her stretched twat, his
huge hunk of fuckmeat drooling cocksnot all over the poor raped girl's
stretched cuntlips, and signaled another boy to take his place. He stepped
around to her face and wiped his still dripping cuntslick� teenage cock on Sherry's face scooping up the
fuck from the boy who had just unloaded. Then, when his prick was covered with
a thick coating of fucksnot, he inserted it into her mouth.

����� &quot;Suck my
dick clean, you fucking useless whore!&quot;�
he said, ramming it into her fourteen year old mouth until his public
hair pushed against her nose. Sherry's mouth was so full of cum, she was
gagging and coughing, and the prick in her mouth made her certain she would
choke to death. But then she felt a new dick at her pussy...a very thick one.
The second boy to fuck her was eighteen and had a dick with a head the size of
a small apple.Eighteen year old boys don't have much concern for the comfort of
the twat they are stuffing. They simply want to blow their balls in a tight
pussy, and that's as it should be. That is normal for a boy of that age. 

���� He slammed
into her cunt balls deep on one stroke, using the fuck mess

in her bloody cunt to lube his prick.

���� Sherry
grunted, but then, slapped across the head by Ivan, began to 

suck the cuntblood and cum off his deflating dick.

����� It went on
that way, Each boy who fucked Sherry, later got his dick

sucked clean by her, and most of the boys fucked her at
least twice. One 

Boy fucked her four times...he just kept boning up. For
four hours the fucking continued. They fucked her on her back, on her stomach,
on all fours,squatting over the dicks, sitting, standing against the wall.� Her pussy was stretched beyond belief,
bloody, raw, and torn. Her tits, overly sensitive from� the injections were mauled so badly that they
were red and raw, and she screamed when any boy just touched them. So of course
they pulled and stretched the fat teenage nipples.� After a while her twat grew numb. Cum ran
from it and streaked her legs.

��� Ivan put a bowl
down in the center of the room and made Sherry squat 

over the bowl and piss all the cum from her cunt. She
screamed from the pain in her pussy as the thick, globby off white cum poured
out.� It was amazing how much cockspooge
had been dumped into her. She looked down at the gross thick mucous liquid with
veins of blood running through it. It was sickening.

���� &quot;Okay,
Slopbucket, now be a good little piggy girl and drink up all 

The cum!&quot; She couldn't believe her ears. Ivan
actually wanted her to drink the cum that had been deposited in her pussy.

������ Sherry's
eyes grew wide with horror. She put a back of one hand to 

Her mouth to keep herself from vomiting at the thought.
She crawled away on the floor into a corner, getting as far from the naked
teenage boys with their dripping dicks as she could. He shook her head no and
freaked out at the very thought. She whimpered and moaned and squeezed her eyes
shut, wishing for it all to go away.

������ Ivan was
over to her in an instant, he swung his naked foot up and

kick her solidly in the right tit.� Her breast swung and slapped into the

other one. She fell back onto the floor. He picked up his
bare foot and

brought it down on her face, forcing his toes into her
mouth.

����������
&quot;You are a slow learner, Bitch. When a man, any man, tells you 

To do something. You do it. That is why you were put on
this earth. To serve

men and their pricks! Now crawl across the floor to that
dish full of dick

dump and start lapping it up!&quot; He took his toes out
of her mouth and then

roughly rammed them into her cunt, sending her sliding
across the floor. He

worked his toes in her ripped pussy, sending jolts of
pain through her

entire body. His thick dick was hard again and slapping
his thighs. She

heard a slapping sound from around the room and knew that
some of the boys

were beating off their dicks again, in spite of how often
they had cum

already. Teenage boys were nothing but animals, Sherry
thought. Fucking

animals!� She
turned painfully onto her stomach, every muscle in her body

aching. She crawled to her knees and began to move toward
the dish. One of

the boys grunted and stood over the dish, jerking on his
dick as he 

Unloaded still more spooge into the bowl. The cum looked
more like snot than milk. It was yellow white and had globs of something in it.
Sherry gagged again. She felt Ivan kick her in the ass.

���� &quot;Shake
that ass when you crawl. Shake those ass mounds, you fucked out

slug.&quot;

������ She was only
a fourteen year old girl. Fourteen and fucked out?

Fourteen and already been fucked twenty seven times in
just a few hours. 

Two days ago she had still hugged her teddy bears
goodnight. Now she was about to drink down a bowl filled with cocksnot!

���� &quot;Lap it
up like the fucking dog you are!&quot;

����� Sherry put
her cute young face over the bowl of cum. The cute boy who had just unloaded
squeezed his dripping spent dick, and some last strings of cum fell onto
Sherry's hair. To hell with taking cunts on dates and necking in a car. This
was the only way to treat them. This was all they were good for.

����� Sherry
lowered her head to the slop and stuck out her tongue. It was

cold and thick...like wallpaper paste. It coated her
tongue. She began to

lap at it. The taste was awful, like when she had a cold
and swallowed some

of her own nose gunk. She gagged and felt Ivan's toes at
her swollen pussy

lips from behind. They wiggled at her cuntlips.

������� &quot;Keep
going, Asswipe!

�������� She lapped
up and swallowed the bloody cum in the bowl. It was the

worst thing that had ever happened to her, worse than the
pain in her teen

twat. Pain she could somehow deal with, but the total
humiliation of 

Licking up a bowlful of dicksnot in front of thirteen
naked teenage boys, this almost drove her mad.

������� &quot;Oh
Christ, I'm gonna blow...&quot; one of the boys shouted.

���������
&quot;Here...Mike, shoot it here!&quot;�
Ivan ran over to him and lifted 

His dick, presenting his huge, low hanging sack of balls
to his buddy. Mike

aimed his dickhead at ivan's fucksack and grunted as
ropes of fuck sprayed

Ivan's balls. Ivan's scrotum was dripping with cum. He
squatted in front of

sherry and dragged her head from the bowl by yanking on
her hair.

���� 'Here, Bitch,
lick the cum from my fucksack!&quot;

����� Sherry was in
a state of shock. She no longer knew what she was 

doing.She stuck out her tongue and licked at the big
swinging nuts.

�����
&quot;Ohhhhhh, boys, this cunt loves nuts. She'll have to lick all of
your

sacks later on.&quot;

���� How could they
think these things? How could they believe that any

fourteen year old girl loved to lick guys' balls? What
was wrong with them?

���������� Sherry
finished licking out the bowl of cum. Ivan made sure she

licked it clean of every drop and streak. She knelt over
the dish gagging

and trying to swallow back her own puke, as Ivan told her
if she vomited,

she would also have to lick that up.

����� Her pussy now
throbbed with pain and her tits felt like they weighed

A ton. The nipples burned unbearably. More blood and cum
leaked from her twat onto the floor. Ivan made her lick that up too.

����� There was a
knock on the door.

������ &quot;Okay,
boys, your shift is over. Don't worry, they'll be plenty more

Sherry for you in the days to come.&quot;� The door opened and the twelve 

Teenage boys filed out. Then to Sherry's horror twelve
more males entered the room. These were all in their twenties, all black, and
they all had dicks at least ten inches long.

&gt;

&gt;







------ End of Forwarded Message















Sat, Dec 9, 2006 6:37 PM 

Subject: FW: The Killenkoff Institute Part Eight 
Date: Friday, December 8, 2006 12:23 PM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Conversation: The Killenkoff Institute Part Eight 

 


 Poor fourteen year old Sherry was fucked over thirty times before 
lunch. That morning she became nothing more than a stretched out dick dump. 
At least that is how she felt.But I am sure that is not unusual for a girl of fourteen, 
knowing what kind of activities go on at the the high schools around our country. High 
school seniors love to fuck freshmen girls and often pass them around from dick to dick. 
Which is of course how it should be. High school boys have so many pressures on them, 
they need to relax and unload their balls. 


 So Sherry felt like a total sperm repository. And that is exactly how Ivan wanted 
her to feel. To him and his father, females were nothing more than cumdumps. Their sole 
purpose in life to please men's pricks. That was their only reason to exist. That and to 
have more children so there would be more twats to abuse and more healthy boys to abuse 
them. A cunt was of no more interest or importance than a playstation2 or an ipod. In 
fact, less. It existed only for a male's entertainment. This is how Ivan was raised to 
think of the female sex. 


 And so at seventeen, he was one mean motherfucking stud. And I mean that literally. He 
actually did fuck his own mother. Ivan's father made sure the boy raped his own mother 
when the kid was fourteen. He used his mom to learn how to fuck, beat, torture, abuse, 
and use all cunts.Many a night his mom slept with his fat teenage dick in her mouth all 
night. When he had to piss, he simply did it down her throat. 


 Sherry was of course almost out of her mind. She had slipped somewhat into shock. 
All those huge nigger pricks plowing her raw recently 
virginal pussy. All those gigantic hunks of black fuckmeat stretching the cuntal walls 
until she felt she must be giving birth. All those apple sized 
prickknobs pounding away at her very core, pushing deeper and deeper, going 
places dickmeat was not meant to go. Fourteen years old and having to endure 
this. And then of course her tits and cunt lips had been injected to become 
overly sensitive. Just touching her pussy lips or her nipples would send 
waves of unbearable sensation coursing through her body. 


 She lay on the floor in a lake of cum and blood and spittle and sweat. 
The black studs had left the room and Ivan looked down at her. 
"Well, Cunt, do you want lunch or not?" 


 "I...ugh...I'm not very hungry. I...may I just please rest? Please?" 
Sherry could hardly move, her body ached so much. Something inside her gut 
kept cramping and causing sharp pains to shoot through her. 


 "Sorry, I can't let you rest. We can't let you become a lazy slut. 
That's how you cunts are, selfish lazy sluts. I know how you were back at 
your former school. A boy would waste good money taking you out on a date to 
a movie and maybe even dinner, and then at the end of the evening you 
wouldn't even suck his cock or eat his ass for him. Why the fuck do you 
think a dude spends good money on a twat? He wants to blow his balls, that's 
why! Why the fuck else would he do it? You have so fucking much to learn. 
But you better get your ass moving and come to lunch. We don't like to waste 
food. And who knows when you will get a chance to eat again. So come on, 
lazy bitch..move your fucked cunt!" 


 Innocent little fourteen year old Sherry crawled onto her hands and 
knees. Cum poured out of her fucked twathole and ran down her legs, joining 
the mess on the floor. She looked up at the muscular naked Ivan, his spent 
prick swinging six inches flaccid between his strong thighs. 


 "I don't think I can walk..." she whispered, a sob in her voice. 


 He smiled. "That's okay, you can crawl." 


Page 1 of 3 



 Then he frowned. She had not even been at the Killenkoff Institute for a 
full day and she had already learned to be terrified of that frown. 


 "Holy Motherfucking Christ, look at that mess you made. All that good 
nigger slop running out of your ditch and forming puddles on the floor. You 
can't waste that. Get down there girl, and lick that up!" 


 He wanted her to lick up the cum from the black rapers that was running 
from her sore stretched fucked pussy. The very idea made her sick. But she 
had had to lick up cum earlier in the day, so she knew he was serious. She 
bent her pretty head down and started to lick up the white/yellow slime with 
veins of her own red cuntal blood in it. She gagged, but held back her puke, 
knowing she would have to lick that up too. She must have done a good job, 
because she heard Ivan chuckle, and when she looked at him again, he was 
once again fingering his fat teenage prick. 


 This was the start of her education. An education that was to teach her 
that as a female, life was about nothing except COCK. COCK was to be the 
center of her entire world. It was to occupy all of her time and all of her 
attention. She was to feel guilty if her mind even wandered to anything 
other than COCK. That's what cunts were taught at the Killenkoff Institute. 


 For lunch she was once again taken to a room where other naked girls 
crouched on the floor while men and teenage boys sat dressed at a large 
table at one end of the room. Naked young girls served these males their 
meals, and while they served, their young twats and asses were fingered by 
the men and boys. 


 Sherry looked down at her dog bowl. It was filled with a kind of oatmeal 
like mush. Ivan told her that it contained lots of good vitamins to keep her 
healthy. A very handsome dark haired man of about twenty-five or so stood in 
front of the six naked girls and their dog bowls. He slowly unzipped his 
trousers and took out a penis that must have been eight inches long flaccid 
and as thick as a beer can. The man had a really charming smile. He pointed 
his big prick at each bowl and pissed a bit into each of the girl's dishes. 
Sherry watched the spray of dark yellow piss froth and bubble in her dish, 
soaking the mush. She looked up at the dark haired man. She couldn't 
believe such perversion existed in this world. The man smile at her and gave 
his pissing dick a little flip. The piss moved up and splashed Sherry in the 
face. The guys at the main table, Ivan included, roared with laughter. 
Sherry started to cry, not just because of the piss in her face, but because 
of something else. Something happening to her. His dick was so big, so 
obscene, that she couldn't take her young eyes off of it. Were men superior? 
Look what they could do with their dicks. How they could shame and hurt and 
torture and abuse with them.Were cocks really so special? What must it be 
like to have a cock? To have that swinging between your legs all the time. 
Look at Ivan. At seventeen he felt like he ruled the world..and all because 
he had a cock! 


 Sherry ate her piss mush. She didn't want to make them angry. The other 
girls too ate...more out of fear than hunger. Then they were made to crawl 
to the toilet room once again. 


 There a disgusting thing happened. They were made to lie on top of each 
other...in a pile of living female flesh. Six teenage girls, their naked 
bodies on top of each other...heads and legs and bodies in every which 
order. Sherry had the pussy of another fourteen year old girl right near her face. That 
pussy too had been recently ravaged and looked sore and stretched. The girl whimpered 
constantly. Then, when they were all piled up that way, like dead bodies in a ditch, Ivan 
ordered them all to piss. 


 None of them could at first. They just lay that way, like broken dolls on 
the trash heap, and cried. So some of the teenage boys took their belts to 
the worthless cunts. The belts snapped against their pale tender flesh, and 
the girls wailed.Belts snapped against soft smooth ass globes and tender pussy pads. 
Belts bit at fat titty buds. Soon the girls started to piss out of fear and pain. Piss 
cascaded over Sherry's body and face. Piss ran in her eyes, nose and mouth. The piss of 
other girls. And she too pissed on others. It was a nightmare. 


 The piss tore at the raw flesh of her body and she screamed in pain as she 


Page 2 of 3



pissed and was pissed on. Her cunt burned from pissing over the raw just fucked flesh. 


 Then they were cleaned with ice cold water from garden hoses. The girls shook in shock 
from the harsh biting icy cold spray. Water hosed out their sore cunts and hit their 
assholes. 


 "And now it's time for your afternoon classes, Sherry, you sweet 
Cuntface!" 


 Sherry freaked out. She couldn't take any more. She clawed at the floor 
and foamed at the mouth. "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" SHE HOWLED. " I CAN'T TAKE 
ANY MORE. YOU CAN'T FUCK ME ANYMORE. PLEASE. YOU WILL KILL ME. NO MORE. 
PLEASE DON'T FUCK MY ANY MORE." 


 Ivan kicked her. " You sorry piece of shit. I know your worthless twat 
can't take any more dick right now. I'm not stupid. Do you think you are the 
first bitch I have fucked? Jesus...I can see your ditch is raped raw and 
needs to heal. But we can use the afternoon to start in on your ass!" 


 It was difficult to tell which was louder, Sherry's scream of horror or 
Ivan's roar of laughter. 


Page 3 of 3 













Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Nine

 In her wildest nightmares, fourteen year old Sherry never 
Imagined she could endure such horrible pain and live. How could it be sexual? How could there ever be any pleasure in sex? It was just pure, agonizing gut wrenching 
pain. They fucked her virginal little asshole. They made her spit on their huge stinking dicks to lube them up. They refused to use any artificial lube. Ivan said 
that way it was her own fault if if hurt, as it meant she didn't spit up the pricks enough.


 Sherry was a mess even before the ass fucking started. Her pussy lips
Were hugely swollen and sore not only from the fucking but from the injections she had endured. So her cuntal folds were twice the normal size. Then her inner cunt 
had been fucked raw. The walls were stretched and the membrane like uncooked meat. Her tits were blown up from the injections, and the sensitized nipples even more 
raw from the boys tugging and twisting and chewing on them.Let's face it horny teenage boys love to chew on nipple meat while slamming their dicks in. This had been 
Sherry's introduction to sex.


 And now, they were fucking her ass. What could make healthy boys of
sixteen, seventeen,eighteen and nineteen want to shove their hard dicks up
inside a girl's ass as far as they could? What kind of activity was this? She was mindless with pain and grief.


 It seemed the Institute only employed young men whose dicks were
over eight inches long and thick as beer bottles. The boys stood around
jerking on their leaking dicks, laughing and calling Sherry disgusting names while one by one they took their turns fucking Sherry in the ass. She blacked out from 
the pain of the first dick up inside her rectum. They pissed on her to wake her up and get her
attentive. They didn't want the fucking bitch to miss a thing. After a boy
unloaded in her ravaged asshole, he would pull out and then crawl up and
make Sherry lick his prick clean of ass slime and cum. She knew she was
licking some of her own shit. It made her want to die. If a cock was too
dirty and she turned her head away, Ivan or one of the other boys would stomp on her tits with their bare feet.


 "You fucking selfish whore. A guy is nice enough to fuck your 
Worthless ass, and you don't even want to clean him up? I told you this morning, when a dick is dirtied in one of your ditches, it is your job to clean it. Every 
fucking bitch knows that. Jesus, didn't you learn nothing when you were eleven and twelve. Didn't you get no sex-ed courses? What the fuck is a guy supposed to do, 
put his filthy dick back in his pants that way?" And a big naked foot would stomp on one of her swollen tits.


 So she learned to clean dirty dicks with her mouth. She was learning so
much in just her first day at the institute. She had been fucked thirty
times in the pussy. Quite an event for a girl who was a virgin only that
morning. And now these monster dicked thugs were ramming her poor asshole.
Sixteen young men fucked her asshole. Prick after prick slamming into her
and unloading. After a while the pain diminished somewhat due to the amount of cock slop up her ass. Still they kept fucking. Six of the boys took second 
turns...That's twenty two loads of dickscum up her asshole.


 She lay there on the floor in shock, legs spread, cum leaking out of 
Her asshole. The last boy stood up and then squatted over her face, his seven inch flaccid prick slick with ass slime and cum. He draped his big dick over her lips.


 "Come on whore, lick me clean..." he whispered. He was a really cute boy,
about nineteen with curly dark hair. She stuck out her swollen tongue which
was coated with cum and assslime, and licked the fat hanging flaccid still leaking prick.


 "That a girl. That's a good little bitchcunt. All fourteen year olds
should learn these lessons, don't you think?"


 She licked the big pisshole as more cum dribbled out. He had a really 
Fat cockhead and a long thick foreskin that was starting to cover the head once again. She imagined in another time and place that he would be her
boyfriend and bring her flowers and candy and take her on dates. He was so
handsome. He draped his big sweaty balls over her face and had her lick
his fucksack.


 Did all girls do this kind of thing for their boyfriends, she 
wondered? Was this how sex was supposed to be? Did all boys use their girlfriends so roughly? 
Ivan had unloaded too often during the day, and he was crabby. He 
Always got crabby after he shot three or four times, because it depleted his sex drive and he hated that. He lived for sex. 
He threw a tin dish that looked like a pie plate onto the floor. 
"Okay cunt. Now we want you to squat over the dish and shit out all 
Of our cum!" 
Poor young ravaged Sherry doubted she could even climb to her hands 
And knees much less squat. She was in such terrible pain.


 "Move, you fucking lazy bitch! When I tell you to fucking do something, you do it. When any man tells you to fucking do something, you do it!" Ivan started 
kicking her viciously in the tits. The he moved down and kicked her right in the cunt. His toes went right into the sensitive raw fucked pussy flesh, and she saw 
blinding white light and felt searing pain shoot through her body. She screamed. She turned over and crawled to her knees.


 "Squat over the fucking dish and shit out the cum! I won't tell you
again."


 The gang of teenage boys who had just dumped in her ass took new
interest as the pretty young girl squatted shamefully over the dish. Her
legs spread that way, her cunt and ass were on total display. What a 
Fucking sight!


 She was so grossed out by the idea of having to do this in front of
boys, she wanted to die, but what could she do? She couldn't stand any more pain. Her ass felt worse than her cunt. Her entire lower body was numb. Her guts felt 
ripped up and her insides sloshed when she moved.


 She closed here eyes and chewed her swollen lower lip. Her face was
covered with cock slop. She squeezed and farted cum. The guys howled with
laughter. Some cum sprayed out of her ass and splashed into the tin dish.


 "Make sure you shit it all out. If any is left up your ass, you will 
Be punished." Ivan stood there playing with his limp dick, watching her. The
handsome boy with the dark curly hair was also fingering his dick and some
after fuck slop started to leak from the head, so he walked over and wiped
it on Sherry's face. Here eyes met his, and he actually winked at her.


 Sherry's ass made a most embarrassing sound and cum splashed out into
the dish. The guys roared with laughter. 
Sherry looked up into the face of the handsome boy for some comfort and
solace. 
"You are a fucking hole..." he said gently with a smile on his sexy
lips.


 She sobbed as the cum poured out of her raped asshole. Soon the dish
was filled with the cum of twenty-two loads mixed with ass slime, and her
ass was clean.


 "Make sure your ass is clean. Stick your fingers up your ass and poke
around and scoop out any cum that is left."


 Like an animal, Sherry sat on the floor, legs spread, and dug around 
In her own ass, trying to scoop out the fuck slop of the boys who had rectum
raped her. Her fingers came out covered in cum and ass slime.


 "Lick them clean..." Ivan said. "Never waste any cum! That is one of 
The first lessons. Cum comes from a guys dick. That makes it special.




 Sherry didn't even protest. She was too worn out. Too beaten down. She
licked her scummy fingers, tasting the globs of cum and the bitter taste of
her own ass. She rammed her fingers back up her ass and scooped out more
cum...and ate that. Just like some fucking animal. Repeating it over and over until her ass was clean.


 "Good Bitch! Now drink down the plate of cocksnot!" 
She did, hoping and praying that her ordeal was almost over. 


Why? Why? WHY? Why did normal healthy boys want to see girls do things
like this? What did it do for them? Why did they get off on it. Why did 
They enjoy humiliating and hurting girls? She looked at the roomful of nice
looking naked boys standing there around her. Their big dicks hung flaccid
and empty. Their balls swung when they shifted from foot to foot. They had 
A kind of hungry, cruel look in their eyes as they watched her swallow the cockslop from the tin plate.


 "That a fucking bitch! Good cunt! Now I bet you want to go to your 
Room and rest. But first, I bet you'd like to shower. You had quite a full first day here at our school, didn't you? You learned a lot about how cunts are supposed to 
serve men. Jeff, would you take the cunt to the showers for me. I have a meeting with my dad."


 Jeff was the handsome boy with the dark curly hair. He actually reached
down and helped her to her feet. 
"Ugh...maybe I should crawl!" Sherry said. She was a quick learner. 
"That's okay. You've been through enough today. You can walk. Just
don't cover your cunt with your hands." 
At first she honestly didn't know if she could stand and walk, but he helped her. As they walked down the hall, the boy eyed her. "You have a really nice looking 
cunt, you know that?" 
Boys had said she had a pretty face, or nice eyes, but no one had 


Ever complimented her cunt before. She felt embarrassed again. She blushed. 
"it's really sore now...and ugly." 
"It will heal. Don't worry, you will get used to being fucked. That's


what cunts are for. And with the injections your pussy lips will become all
nice and thick and puffy. When you walk or crawl, your cunt lips will rub
together and give you constant sexual pleasure."


 He stopped her with a hand on her shoulder. He turned her and looked 
Down at her. He was tall and very very good looking with strong well formed pecs and a washboard stomach. He took one of her nipples
in each hand and twisted.


 "If you were my cunt, I'd want to see your nipples a lot bigger. I like
really big nipples on my sluts. But you've got potential." He smiled down
at her, twisting her nipples, and the fourteen year old girl felt weak in
the knees. "Yes sir, you sure do have potential. I could fuck you again
right here in the hall. But, not now. You stink and need a shower." He
opened the door to the shower room and gently pushed her inside.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;------ End of Forwarded Message
&gt;


------ End of Forwarded Message














Sat, Dec 9, 2006 6:45 PM 

Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute Part Ten 
Date: Saturday, December 9, 2006 9:36 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Ten 

 


 Sherry must have slept for four or five hours. She was so 
exhausted and sore from getting gang fucked in the pussy and ass all day. 
Her entire insides felt raw and battered. Her guts ached and she had bad 
cramps. At least they had allowed her to shower in private and get cleaned 
up. Oh,there were cameras on her all the time, but she was alone.After she 
had cleaned up, a boy of about fourteen showed her back to her room/cell. 
All the while they walked, the boy rubbed and pinched her ass. He even 
inserted a finger into her sore rectum. He was her own age, and it felt 
funny having to allow a kid of her own age to fondle her. 
He also pinched her tits. Her legs almost collapsed beneath her when he 
twisted her sensitive titty buds. But he didn't talk to her. After a few 
minutes, she was too exhausted to even notice his groping fingers. Perhaps 
she was learning how to deal with abuse. 


 It must have been the middle of the evening when she woke with 
someone gently touching her shoulder. She blinked her pretty fourteen year 
old teenage girl eyes and looked up to see Jeff, the handsome dark haired 
boy who had been kinder than the others when he fucked her ass. 


 "Hey, little girl, you slept right through dinner. I thought you might 
be hungry." He had that killer smile, and he wore nothing except black 
sweatpants. His chiseled chest was so handsome. He had strong pecs with 
large brown nipples. His arms were well muscled, and the black hair stuck 
out from under his armpits. His face was strong and masculine and he had a 
little shadow of a beard. He was so cool,like a rock star to the innocent 
abused fourteen year old. 


 Sherry put her hands over her tits and pussy, and then remembered what 
had happened and realized that there was no point, so she jut sat up. He 
pulled over a table and set a tray of hot food in front of her It looked 
delicious, not like the awful stuff she had been made to eat at beakfast and 
lunch. She dove into it. 


 "Sorry you have to eat with your fingers, but they don't trust cunts 
with utensils here. I have fucked a lot of cunt since I started working here 
six months ago, but I gotta say, you are the prettiest piece of pussy flesh 
I have ever seen." He smiled again, and even though what he said was vulgar 
and obscene, she wanted to smile back. 


 "Your tits are just so fucking pretty, and once they get twice as big, 
you are going to be one hot slut. I hope they can get milk in them. I love 
it when a cunt's tits squirt milk." Sherry who already had large tits for a 
fourteen year old, couldn't imagine them twice as big. That would be 
grotesque. It would be like having huge balloons on her chest. 


 "If I had a regular girlfriend, I would want her to be just like you, 
except Id want her to have humongous tits and really swollen puffy pussy 
lips." 


 He leaned over and kissed her on the neck. Her soft pale neck. And it 
felt good. It felt good to get some affection after all the abuse. 


 Sherry finished the food and drank the glass of milk. Then she shyly 
looked at Jeff, who was watching her every move. 


 "You got some milk on your upper lip. It looks so cute..just like cum." 
He reached out and took her nipples in his fingers and twisted 
gently...enough to stimulate, but not enough to hurt. Because of the nipple 
injections, this sent waves of sexual feeling through her body. She 


Page 1 of 3 



stiffened. 


 "Don't worry, ,Sherry, I'm not going to hurt you. I really like you. I'm 
just going to play with your tits a little. She sat there allowing an older 
teenage boy to play with her tits. Since when was a girl required to just 
sit still, and let a boy play with her tits to his heart's content? Since 
Sherry found herself at Killenkoff Institute. 


 Then the door opened and another boy walked in. He was Latino and a bit 
older with the thicker body of a muscle boy. His legs were like tree trunks. 
He wore nothing but gym shorts, and Sherry could see that he must have an 
awesome prick from the huge lump at his crotch. She was shocked that she 
even noticed such a thing.Was that part of her training too? Was something 
happening to really turn her into a slut? 


 "Man, Jeff, you gotta try the new bitch in 14A. Her pussy...holy 
motherfuck, who is this?" He stood there gawking at Sherry, as Jeff 
continued to gently twist and rub her hard nipples. 


 "This is Sherry. Sherry, this is my best friend Tico. Sherry is Ivan's 
special charge, but he is so busy, he asked me to help him out." 
Tico shook his head. "Wouldn't you know that the boss's son gets all the 
best new cunt." 


 "Oh he's been sharing her all day. You missed out on her virgin gang 
bang and her first ass fuck." Jeff spoke of these things like he was 
talking about baseball or fishing. Sherry was almost hypnotized by his 
velvet smooth husky voice. 


 "Shit, I had to work on reports all day. I missed her first ass fuck. 
What a bummer. Spread your legs Sherry and let me see your cunt." 


 Sherry just sat there numb, with Jeff's fingers dancing over her tits. 


 "Come on, honey, spread your legs like a good girl and show my best 
friend your pretty twat." 


 "Oh, Jeff, please, I am so worn out and I...I...": Sherry's eyes filled 
with tears. She thought she had cried all of her tears when she was cunt and 
ass raped, but somehow this gentleness was getting to her. 


 "Shhhhh, that's okay, honey, I won't let anyone hurt you." Jeff took 
one hand off her tit and put it down on her thigh and gently but firmly 
spread her beautiful young girl legs, so her ravaged cunt was on display. He 
made her spread her legs wider and wider, telling her what a good little 
girl she was.Soon she sat with her young legs obscenely wide apart, her 
pussy on total display. 


 "Holy shit is she fucked! Her cunt looks like raw meat. You guys really 
had a field day with that cumdump." Tico was rubbing the huge lump in his 
gym shorts. 


 "Yes, our little sherry had quite a day. We got a bit carried away with 
her, didn't we honey. I tried to be as gentle as possible. But look at how 
perfect her pussy is. I mean I know its sore now, but look at the shape and 
the delicate puffiness of the cuntlips. And look at that beautiful clit. 
This is prime pussy meat, my friend." 


 Sherry sat on the side of her cot, with the two older boys examining her 
cunt. Jeff gently reached down and rubbed the tip of her clit with his 
forefinger. Her tits heaved. 


 "Yeah, I can see there is prime cunt there. I got to be on the list 
when she is ready to be fucked again." 


 "Day after tomorrow is the plan, I think." Jeff stroked Sherry's 
beautiful long hair."Doc will check out her gash tomorrow and decide if 
she's fuckable. Won't he baby? Doctor knows best." He leaned over and kissed 
her on the cheek, still keeping her legs spread wide as Tico squatted down 
to get a better look at her cunt. 


 "How's her asshole?" 
Jeff pushed gently on Sherry's pale smooth shoulder. "Scoot down a bit 
honey, so Tico can see your asshole, okay?" 
"Oh God..." Sherry sobbed. This combination of kindness and cruelty was 
fucking with her already stressed mind. 
She rolled a bit onto her back and jeff lifted and spread her legs even 


Page 2 of 3 



more, so Tico could get a good look at her recently raped asshole. 


 "Wow, they really did a job on her asscunt too, didn't they? Look at 
those swollen sore ass lips." 


 "Yeah, we fucked her ass most of the afternoon. But she was such a good 
sport, weren't you Sherry?" Jeff leaned over and planted a kiss on her right 
tit. "I have to admit to you Tico, that I have a bit of a crush on this 
one.There is something special about her that makes me feel all jumpy in the 
stomach as well as the dick and balls." 


 "Jesus...you are getting soft, Jeff. Pretty soon you will want to settle 
down with one cunt and quit your job here." 
"I wouldn't go that far. I was just about to put some nice healing salve 
on Sherry's cunt and ass. You want to help?" 
Tico smiled. "What are friends for?" 


 Sherry was made to lie still on the bed, while the two boys rubbed salve 
on her pussy and asshole. It was horribly embarrassing sure, but the 
ointment felt so good. They did play with her cuntlips and clit and asshole 
a bit as they applied the salve. 


 "There is nothing like fourteen year old twat." Tico said, gently rubbing 
up and down her cuntal slit with the salve. "Unless of course it's twelve 
or thirteen year old twat." 


 "I have to agree." Jeff smiled down at Sherry, marveling in her beauty. 


 "Oh, did I tell you I got the young cunt in 19c pregnant? 
Report came in today." 


 "Congratulations, you will probably get a bonus again." 


 "I fucking deserve it. Hey, do you think it would be all right if the 
bitch here sucked me off. I got a terrible boner from rubbing her pussy." 


 "Well, she has performed her quota today..but well...I know how hard 
you work. Sherry, honey..Sherry, would you mind sucking off my best friend. 
He's got a really big dick and needs sex about eight times a day." 


 "Shit, you are exaggerating, bro." Tico blushed. 


 "Do I have to?" Sherry's lower lip trembled. 


 Jeff smiled down at her. "No, you don't have to. But I would consider 
it a personal favor to me. If you suck his cock for me, I might be able to 
make things a bit easier on you. You know I really like you Sherry. If you 
like me, you would be willing to do this for me. It's no big deal, is it? 
You already had thirty or more dicks in your mouth today. And you are going 
to be sucking cock every day from now on. So what's one more as a favor to 
me?" He played gently with her clit as he said this, flicking it and gently 
squeezing it. She was so fucking 
confused. 


 "I...ugh...I guess." 
"That's such a good girl." Jeff smiled his winning smile and nodded to 
Tico, who stood up and stripped out of his shorts. 


 Sherry had never seen a dick like his. It was monstrous. It was gigantic. 
She had been fucked by large dicks...even nigger dicks. But this was 
freakish. It was so thick and long... 


 "How can I.....I can't....." 


 "Tico laughed. "That's what the cunts all say at first. You'll be amazed 
little girl, how much of this dick I can stuff down your throat.But would 
you please lick my balls first. I love it when a bitch lick my huge 
fucksack." He knelt up over her face. The smell of dick filled the small 
room. His balls were enormous too, covered with black hair. They hung like 
oranges. His thick foreskin retreated behind his pink leaking cockhead. 
Sherry didn't even know where to begin. 


 Jeff sat back and watched fondly as his best friend fucked the face of 
the fourteen year old girl.


Page 3 of 3 













Sherry had dreams that night of Jeff. In her dreams he was dressed in a 
tuxedo and taking her to the school prom. He brought her flowers and treated 
her like a princess. It was wonderful. In the dream, her lips were not 
encrusted with dick scum, and her pussy didn't ache from getting fucked 
Repeatedly, and her ass didn't throb from being stretched beyond belief. In 
the dream she had a normal life. She didn't want to wake up. 
 
&nbsp; "Up and at 'em Bitch, you have a full day ahead of you."&nbsp; Ivan kicked 
her. Sherry groaned and opened her eyes. Ivan, handsome in that cruel 
sadistic way, not like Jeff, loomed over her. He wore a tight white tee 
shirt that showed off his pecs and black jeans so tight his huge cock and 
balls were clearly visible at the crotch. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hope you slept well. I brought breakfast for you." 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry sat up, blinked and without realizing it covered her breasts 
with her hands. Ivan glared and slapped her hands away.&nbsp; "Fucking Whore, 
never, ever cover your tits from a man! They are for his pleasure. Stick 
those tits out! Go on, get them out!" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry gulped. The dream was over and she was back in the nightmare of 
reality. She stuck her fourteen year old tits out as far as she cold. The 
nipples were swollen and tender from the injections of the day before. The 
tits themselves were swollen, tight and heavy. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "We're going to make them even bigger today.&nbsp; Nice fat tits on a 
fourteen year&nbsp; old...great for a titty fuck." 
 
&nbsp; Sherry couldn't believe this monster was only really a few years older 
than she way. In another time and place, they might be schoolmates..or even 
boyfriend and girlfriend. Here he was her cruel master and teacher. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Please, I have to go to the toilet."&nbsp; Sherry realized she needed to 
piss badly. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "No problem, use the pot over there on the floor." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry couldn't believe what he had just said. Then she remember the 
horrible morning toilet the day before and decided a pot on the floor might 
be better. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "May I have some privacy please?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ivan laughed. "No, you fucking twathole, you may not. I like to watch 
cunts piss. It amuses me. Now get your worthless ass over there and squat 
over the pot so I can see clearly and take your piss." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh please, don't make me do this." 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "I am not making you do anything. You either piss now, or wait until 
lunch. There will be no time in between." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry rose from the hard uncomfortable bed and stood, knowing that 
seventeen year old Ivan was looking right at her&nbsp; fourteen year old bald 
cunt.Her cuntal pad and pussy lips were swollen. 
She knew she dare not cover her pussy with her hands. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Yeah, your cunt is pretty raw from all that fucking yesterday. Don't 
worry. If you are a good twat, we will give your ditch a rest today." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry was grateful for that. She walked stiffly over to the metal 
kettle like dish in the corner. When she walked, her pussy and asshole 
ached. She carefully squatted over the pot. 
&nbsp; "Turn this way more and spread your legs, so I can see your cunt." 
&nbsp; The handsomely cruel teenage boy rubbed the lump in his trousers and 
licked 
his lips as he watched the young girl squatting naked with her tender pussy 
on display. 
&nbsp; "Go ahead and piss, we haven't got all day. But reach down with your 
hands and spread your cuntlips so I can really see." 
&nbsp;&nbsp; It was not easy to piss with a boy watching her so closely. Imagine the 
total humiliation she felt.&nbsp; She squeezed her eyes shut to hold back the 
tears. Finally she felt a release and heard the piss hitting the bottom of 
the kettle. 
&nbsp; "Sweet!"&nbsp; Ivan said bending down to get a closer look at her pissing 
pussy. Teenage boys the world over are fascinated with young girl pussy. 
They have an almost scientific interest in every aspect of the cunt. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The humiliation was horrible, but the burning sensation from her pussy 
was even worse. Her cunt stung terribly as she pissed.&nbsp; She felt battered 
and beaten, sore inside and out. And only fourteen and not two days ago an 
innocent virgin.&nbsp;&nbsp; Finally she finished. 
&nbsp; "There is no tissue." She said shyly, looking up at Ivan, the handsome 
teen master. 
&nbsp; "Wipe your cunt with your fingers and then lick them clean."&nbsp; He said. It 
was not a suggestion, but an order. 
 How many fourteen year old girls do you know who wipe their pissy twats 
with their fingers and then lick the fingers clean? It's a pretty gross 
thing for a young girl to have to do. But Sherry was getting used to abuse. 
It is amazing how quickly humans can adapt.&nbsp; She gently daubed at her pussy 
lips and crack with her fingers and then brought them to her mouth. They 
were wet with urine.&nbsp; She licked them clean, making a sour face and getting 
a big laugh&nbsp; out of Ivan."You really are a disgusting piece of shit, aren't 
you? Don't worry, Cunt, you'll get used to drinking piss. Soon it will taste 
better than wine to you." 
&nbsp; Sherry hated wine, but she didn't say anything.She hated Ivan too, more 
than she had ever hated anyone in her whole young life. How could a teenage 
boy be so cruel? How could he want to make a girl taste her own piss?With 
every disgusting order he gave her, his strong&nbsp; muscular chest rose and fell 
with deeper more passionate breaths. She could see his nipples through the 
T-shirt. She could see his strong tight, muscular stomach, and the growing 
dick in his pants. He was a typical seventeen year old. 
&nbsp; "Okay, Dickwipe, time for breakfast."&nbsp; Ivan went to the door and got 
something from the hall. He set a second metal dish on the floor and kicked 
it over to her. It was the size of a large soup bowl. 
Sherry was very hungry.&nbsp; She crawled over to the bowl and looked down. 
Disgust filled her, and she almost vomited.&nbsp; The bowl was filled almost to 
the brim with cum! 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Do you know what we have for breakfast today, Twatmouth?&nbsp; The finest 
Horse cum available. We jerked off six horses to get you that nice bowl of 
morning cocksnot! So go on, don't let me stop you. Eat your horse spooge! 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He stood there with a big smile on his face, waiting for her to bend 
over the bowl of animal sperm and lick it up. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Shee gagged and had to swallow her own vomit. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Go on, Cumdump, I am waiting. Eat your fucking breakfast." 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Was this the real world, or some kind of Hell that Sherry found herself 
in?&nbsp; How could she be expected to lap up a bowl of yellow/white&nbsp; thick and 
gooey horse cum, with clots of fuck in it?&nbsp; The smell was overpowering. It 
was cold as well and the texture was like wallpaper paste. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; "Before we get through with you, cum will be your favorite food. Shit, 
it will almost be your only food."&nbsp; Ivan smiled and rubbed his swollen dick 
lump again. 
&nbsp;&nbsp; He had to kick and slap her a bit, getting her tits swinging, and she 
screamed in pain, but finally she settled in and lapped up the horse cum. 
Her face and nose became coated with it, as she had to stick her face into 
the bowl.&nbsp;&nbsp; She had to eat every drop and lick the bowl clean.It was the 
worst thing she had ever tasted. 
&nbsp; "Good little cockwhore."&nbsp; Ivan smiled down at her. "You see, if you had 
just done that earlier like a good sow, I wouldn't have had to hit you.&nbsp; Now 
here is the agenda for the day. We are going to take you down for some more 
tit injections. We want those tits like balloons, Cunt!&nbsp; Big heavy fucking 
balloons, and then, the doc and I will need morning blow jobs. And then its 
off to school.&nbsp; Your class today will concentrate on eating guy's asses. 
Dudes love to get their asses eaten out, even more sometimes than fucking. 
And most stuck up chicks won't have any part of it.Teenage boys especially 
love to have their sweaty assholes sucked by some really cute chick. It 
makes them feel powerful.&nbsp; So we are going to teach you to be an asshole 
eating expert. You are going to suck and lick asshole all day today. We've 
got thirty guys of all ages and typed waiting for you to lick and suck their 
asses. Every kind of ass. Muscular asses, soft asses, thin asses, fat asses, 
hairy asses, smooth asses, clean asses, and really rank dirty asses, you 
name it, Bitch.&nbsp; We are going to teach you how to use your lips and tongue, 
how to suck on a rectum, how to dig your tongue deep into the asshole, and 
generally to give a man the time of his life.&nbsp; What do you say to that, 
little Bitch?" 
&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry had turned pale.&nbsp; "Oh My God!"&nbsp; was all she could manage.










Tue, Dec 12, 2006 12:13 PM 

Subject: FW: Killenkoff Institute, Part Twelve 
Date: Monday, December 11, 2006 2:02 PM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Cc: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: Killenkoff Institute, Part Twelve 


 
- 


 Poor fourteen year old Sherry spent most of the day sucking on guys' 
assholes. It was a very tiring job. She was forced to thrust her pretty 
little tongue way up inside the sweaty rectums of countless young men. If 
she didn't work her tongue deep enough or wiggle it around enough, or suck 
on the sometimes hairy and sweaty ass lips enough, she was punished with a 
belt to her cuntal pad or her swollen tits. Her its were quite enormous now 
and felt extremely heavy and overly sensitive. Her fat nipples tingled 
constantly. Would her tits always feel this way from now on she 
wondered...she felt it would drive her crazy.There was never any relief from 
the irritating tickle that coursed through her nipples. 


 For lunch she had a mixed vegetable salad with dick snot for 
dressing.The thick clotted cum glopped on top of the lettuce and tomato was 
enough to make Kate vomit, but she knew she had to eat it all. 
They used every method at the Institute to teach the young cunt that her 
entire life from now on would revolve around cock. And after lunch, she 
Had a special cock worshipping session. 


 Her teacher for this was a handsome black stud named Zero. He was not 
black black, but a gentle cocoa color. He looked almost 
Arabian or something like that to the innocent girl. He was nineteen years 
old. He sat naked in a chair with this legs hooked over the arms, so his 
huge dick and balls and dark deep ass crack were visible. He smiled at her 
seductively. 


 "Good afternoon, Cunt. Nice tits. Can't wait to see them when they are 
twice that size. Crawl on over here closer to my chair." 


 She had to admit he was terribly handsome.He had a straight nose with 
wide nostrils and a broad mouth with thick lips. His body was hard and 
smooth. She dropped to her hands and 
knees and crawled toward him. She had learned much in her few days at the 
Institute, but never enough to please the men and boys in control of her. 


 "When you crawl, bitch, keep your legs spread so your cunt and asshole 
are on display. Swing your tits when you crawl and arch your back. I guess 
you have not had any training in the proper way to crawl yet, have you?" 


 "No, sir!" the crawling fourteen year old answered. 
"Closer...come closer..nice and close to my prick." 
She crawled in until her face was only inches from the swollen brown 
dick. 


 "In order to make life easier for you, Cunt, you need to begin to 
realize that from now on, your entire existence revolves around this thing 
hanging between my legs. The male Dick! The dick is the center of your 
life. It is all you live for. It is your God. Look at my big balls. Look how 
beautiful they are. All you have between your legs is a dump hole, but 
Males have a big beautiful cocks and full hanging fucksacks.It's not your 
fault all you were born with was a hole. Look how lucky we are to have this 
huge hunk of fuckmeat swinging between our legs. And we are kind enough to 
share our fuckmeat with worthless dumps like you. The fuckmeat is the source 
of life. It is the instrument through which the baby batter sprays. You 
need to learn to think about fuckmeat night and day. To love, adore and 
worship any and all fuckmeat. Even the undeveloped penis of a two year old 
boy is worth more than your useless cunthole. You were put on this earth for 


Page 1 of 6 



one reason only, to serve COCK. 


 Face it, it is men who make the world work. Men who create and destroy. 
Men who control and command. Men who conquer, rape and pillage. Men who 
Make the decisions. It is a world for and of men, and the job of the cunt is 
to serve men. In order for a man to perform at his best, he needs to drain 
his fuckbag several times a day. That's what holes like you were born for, 
to help a dude drain his cumbags. That is all. That is really your only 
purpose in life. That and breeding. Animals breed too, and what you really 
are is an animal. A fuckpig. You must always look your best to entertain 
And please cock. You must always behave properly to please cock. You must 
Spend your nights and days seeking better ways to serve cock. The only thing 
you should ever converse about with to other cunts is how wonderful cocks 
are and how to serve them better. When you see a cock, you should drool, 
like one of Pavlov's dogs. You should crave and need that cock in your mouth 
and cunt and ass. The need for cock should be with you always, and when a 
cock is presented to you, you should almost go mad with desire for it. You 
will do anything to get dick! You will humiliate and degrade yourself. You 
will debase yourself in unspeakable ways, if only at the end of your torment 
and agony you are given pecker! That is how we will train you to think and 
live.By the time you reach your fifteenth birthday, you will be a total cock 
pig. 


 Now look at my cock. Look at how beautiful it is. Look at the thick 
skin,the fat prickhead, the wide pisshole, the full heavy balls hanging 
underneath. Wouldn't you give anything to have a cock like this between 
Your legs? Look at the slop leaking out of the pisshole. Don't you want to 
lick up that fine dicksnot and taste it? It's the best taste in the world 
for a cockpig like you. Can you smell my dick? Nothing in the world smells 
like dick. The smell of dick will be your only perfume from now on. The 
taste of codk, your only mouth wash. Your breath will smell of dick all the 
time. You will have prick hair between your teeth and stuck to your tongue. 
The sweat from under a man's balls will be your skin conditioner. Your face 
will glow from ball sweat and anal juice. The only place you will ever feel 
alive is between a man's legs and ass crack. You will never date. It is a 
stupid boring custom in which the male is forced to pretend to want to be 
with the cunt and take her to movies and dinner, just so he can get into her 
pussy. We don't need that. Here, we will teach you that your pussy is 
available at all times to all males, and he need not court your favors to 
get some twat. Your holes are ready and wanting cock at all times. Strange 
men need only walk up to you and take out their beautiful dicks, and you 
will almost die with the need to suck them and get fucked by them. Men need 
not kiss you goodnight or hello or goodbye...they won't have to. Your face 
will be down between their legs smelling and licking their pricks. 


 Lean your face in and rub it against my dickmeat. Feel how soft and 
wonderful the dick skin feels on your face. You will keep yourself 
Beautiful to please cock. You will strive to always be your most pleasing 
for cock. Your tits will be blown up to unbelievable proportions, huge 
grotesque tits,the better to titty fuck. Go ahead, lick my balls, you know 
you want to. Let your tongue feel the wonderful soft velvet like quality of 
my scrotum. You will never know the pleasure of having nuts. Nuts that fill 
with cum.Lick down under my balls. Use that worthless tongue. Nice large 
swipes of your tongue down under my balls and toward my ass hole. 


 My asshole, where I shit, is another special place for you. So many 
cunts don't realize that part of their purpose on this earth is to serve 
men's assholes. Your tongue was made to go up a man's asshole, to make him 
feel good, and to clean him out. If a man is pleased with you, he might 
allow your tongue to become his toilet paper. What an honor that is for a 
cunt. A cunt as young and pretty as you should have the taste of asshole in 
her mouth all the time. When she sees a man, she should think in her dumb 
cunt way, "Oh, I would really love to suck his asshole." Men's asses turn 
cunts on, we know that. Cunts pretend to like guys with cute faces or nice 
muscular bodies, but it is really cocks, balls and assholes that they think 


Page 2 of 6 



about. And that is as it should be. 


 Now lick the stalk of my dick. If you are a good cunt,it might get 
Erect for you. It likes it when you act real slutty, so spread your legs and 
play with your cunt. Bitches like you should have fingers up their cunts 
all the time. Guys like that. They like to see young pussies keeping 
themselves close to orgasm constantly. I wanna see your big tits heave with 
the need to cum. Lick my dick harder. Let me feel some tongue. My cockhead 
is leaking,scoop up that slop with your tongue. Make sure it coats your 
lips. Always make as much of a cock slut of yourself as you can. It's okay 
to drool when you look at dick. Guys like that. Now suck my dickhead. That a 
twat. That's what you were made for. Go to it, Dicksucker. Fucking Hole, you 
found your place in life. Your pretty young lips look real good wrapped 
around a cock. 
Take it deep in your mouth. Relax your throat so you can face fuck yourself 
on my prick. That a slut. You are doing really well, considering you are so 
new to this. Shove that cock way down your throat, don't worry about the 
pain. Get as much cock as deep as you can. Oh yeah, that feels so fucking 
good. Now when my cock is down your throat, use your tongue to lick my 
balls. Yeah. Work my nuts and cock at the same time. That's almost nine 
inches you've got down your throat. I know you can't breath. Lick and suck 
good, and I'll pull back to you can get some air. How does that taste, huh 
bitch? You love the taste of cock and balls, don't you? Sweaty, spit slick 
cock and balls. You need it so bad! Swallow it again. Gulp down that hunk 
Of fuckmeat. Work your throat muscles on it so it feels like a pussy. It is 
a pussy. It's your face cunt! Oh shit, yeah. I got to have my buddies try 
Your facetwat. Oh fuck, I'm gonna blow already. Oh motherfucking shit, this 
is hot. What a whore you are. What a piece of scum sucking shit. Take it 
bitch,take my fuckload and swallow it. Swallow my prick snot, you dick 
dump!" 


 Glop after Glob of thck cum coated the poor girl's tongue and throat. 
She gagged on the cum and got a slap to her head. Then she was made to open 
her mouth, and Zero spit into her mouth, then he told her to slosh the spit 
around and swallow the rest of the spit and cum. Soon after, Sherry had to 
worship the cocks of Zero's nine friends. 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; 
------ End of Forwarded Message 


 


 


Page 3 of 6 





 


 


Page 4 of 6 



 

Page 5 of 6 



Page 6 of 6 













Wed, Dec 13, 2006 8:50 AM 

Subject: Killenkoff Institute Part Thirteen 
Date: Tuesday, December 12, 2006 1:08 PM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Cc: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Thirteen 


Sherry was in her room crying. She was given a rest after her afternoon of 
cock worshipping and asshole licking and sucking. She was feeling like 
nothing but a used up cum rag for boys to blow their loads into. And that is 
exactly how she was supposed to feel. Part of Killenkoff's philosophy was to 
make girls realize they exist only as cum dumps, nothing more. Just rags for 
boys to blow their cockslop into. 


 Her body still ached from the fuckings of the previous day, and her 
shoulders and back hurt from the extra weight of her injected tits. She 
could not even touch her nipples, it was like hitting your crazy bone..jolts 
of unbearably intense tingles coursed through her whole body, and for some 
reason her nipples seemed directly connected to her cunt. She tried to 
remember her old room at home, and the things in the room that had meant so 
much to her. Her collections and photos, her personal stuff...the stuff of a 
normal happy fourteen year old girl. Then she glanced around her present 
cell. A hard bed..a spring with no mattress, the walls covered with giant 
posters of hard dripping cocks and guys showing their dicks, balls and 
assholes.Up until two days ago, she had never even seen a real live cock. 
Now she was sucking them and getting fucked by them. 


 She put her head down on her arms and sobbed. Then she felt a hand on 
her shoulder. She looked up into the beautiful eyes of Jeff, the only boy 
who had been at all nice to her since her arrival. 


 "Don't cry. Things will get better. I am trying to get them to go a 
little easy on you." He smiled his killer smile and stroked her hair with 
his hand." She wiped away her tears and the snot running from her pretty 
little nose. She wished she could look better for Jeff. She would have loved 
to be his girlfriend in another time and place. 


 "Here, I brought you an ice cream." He held up a cone with vanilla 
icecream in it. 


 She managed a smile and took the ice cream and started to eat it. It was 
really creamy and yummy. She didn't realize that all the ice cream that the 
cunts at Killenkoff Institute were fed was made from horse cum. That didn't 
mean that Jeff was trying to fool the poor girl. He genuinely wanted her to 
enjoy the ice cream, it was just that he too believed that girls had to get 
used to eating cum all the time. 


 "Spread your legs, honey, if Ivan or somebody walks in, they will be 
really pissed if you are sitting with your legs closed." 


 Sherry spread her legs so Jeff could look at her pretty fourteen year old 
cunt! The cunt of a fourteen year old is special, no denying that. Even a 
fucked fourteen year old cunt. In fact a fucked fourteen year old cunt is 
the best kind. All fourteen year old girls should be fucked 
constantly...that was the philosophy of K.I. Well, all attractive fourteen 
year old girls, anyway. 


 Jeff smiled at her and put a hand on he soft pale thigh. "Feeling 
better?" 


 She nodded, eating the ice cream like a little girl, licking up the horse 
cum like it was the very best vanilla."A little. Why do they have to be so 
nasty to me? Why?" 


 He smiled and moved a bit of stray hair off of her face. "Because you are 
a cunt, baby. It's not your fault you are a cunt. But it's not the guys' 
fault either. That's just the way life is. Cunts were put on this earth to 
serve guys. You have to learn that that's how things are." 


Page 1 of 4 



 "But that's not how things are. I see guys and girls who love each 
other. Who treat each other romantically. In the movies guys and girls...." 


 "The movies and tv are all fake. Books are fake. In the real world, guys 
need to blow their nuts all the time. Every fucking day, and that's what 
cunts are for, to help guys. Sometimes guys and cunts fall in love it's 
true. Sometimes they are romantic. If we were not in this place, I could 
fall for you...I could really like you. I would be romantic with you." 


 Her eyes filled with tears, but not of sorrow."Oh Jeff. That's what I 
want too. I could be such a good girlfriend to you. Can't we get out of 
here. I would love to be your special girlfriend." 


 He reached up and wiped some horse cum ice cream off her lips. "You are 
so fucking pretty. You could turn a guy's head. Make him forget his job and 
his loyalties and everything." he cupped her face in his hand, but he 
didn't kiss her, because he didn't want horse spooge on his lips. 


 "How are your tits feeling today?" he asked, looking down at her 
swollen breasts. 


 "I think something is wrong with them. They feel really heavy and the 
nipples are so sensitive I can hardly stand it." 


 He smiled again, and the lump in his pants got harder 


 "The weight is just from the tits growing...from the injections. But 
I'd better check the sensitivity of the nipple tips. Stick your tits out, 
like Ivan likes you to do." 


 She felt shy doing this in front of Jeff. The others were animals, but 
he seemed to truly like her and be a good person. She felt she could fall in 
love with him. 


 "Come on, honey, stick your tits way out..push those nipples out toward 
me." 


 She did and the big rosy tipped tits looked fat and full. He reached up 
and with the thumb and forefinger of each hand he took a nipple and gently 
twisted. She almost fainted. Her breathing grew short and she gasped. 


 "I...oh....I...I can't stand it. Please Jeff. Please I can't stand it..." 
He ignored her and just kept twisting the nipples tips like they were 
knobs on a radio. 
"Does that make you feel sexual? Does that turn you on?" He asked. 
"O don't...oh God...I don't know. Please stop." 
"Can you feel that in your cunt? Is your pussy getting wet?" 
"Ohhhhhhhhh...oh God...I don't ...I guess so..I yes..yes..its like an 
electric shock going through me..I ....oh...." 


 "Yeah...that feels so good doesn't it. That's how your tits should 
always feel, baby. They should be so sensitive that you can't even wear any 
clothing. That's how your boyfriend would want you to be." Then suddenly he 
let go of her tits and turned away. He sat kind of slumped over, his 
shoulders sagging, his handsome curly head hanging. 


 "What's...what's wrong, Jeff? Jeff?" She said after she got her breath 
back. Her tits still tingled terribly. 


 "Oh, it's nothing. It's just that I really like you, and I thought you 
really liked me, and I guess I was wrong." 


 "But I do like you Jeff. I do like you very much. You are the only person 
I this whole horrible place that I do like. Please. Why would you think I 
don't like you?" His golden body was so perfectly muscled, he looked like a 
Greek statue sitting there. 


 "Well, you musn't like me very much...because...becuase...well. I heard 
that when you sucked cock today, you sucked on the dude's assholes. You 
never did that for me." 


 "Oh Jeff. They made me do it. I hated it. It was horrible. I had to...I 
can't even say it. It was awful. They made me do it." 


 He pouted and looked even more handsome. A fucking dreamboat. "All the 
same. You did it for them, but not for me. I guess I'm not special enough. I 
was probably stupid to like you so much." 


 She put a hand on his strong thigh and the dick in his pants pushed at 
the material. 


Page 2 of 4



 "Don't say that. I do like you. And I want you to like me." 


 "Then, would you do...would you do that for me?" 


 "Do what? You mean..." He nodded, a sweet look on his face. 


 "Suck and lick my asshole. Usually that's how a fella knows a girl is 
special. I haven't had a special girl in almost two years...when I was 
seventeen in high school. I'd love for you to do that for me...to show me 
that you really do care about me." 


 "Why do guys like that so much? It's so gross." 


 "Fine. If that's how you feel. I'll just go then..." he stood up. 


 "No wait, Jeff. I'll...I'll do it for you." 


 His face lit up. He peeled off his t-shirt and white trousers. His dick 
was huge. Sherry sucked in her breath at the sight of it. She had forgotten 
how big his cock and balls were. 


 "Oh Sherry. This is so wonderful of you. I think...I think maybe I love 
you. Lay on your back." 


 she lay on her back on her cot and he climbed up, standing over her. His 
legs were like tree trunks..so strong and lightly haired. His big feet on 
either side of her face. The he adjusted his stance and squatted so his fat 
low hanging balls hung over her face and draped her nose. 


 "I think I love you too...." she said with his scrotum on her face. His 
fucker was leaking all over the place. He reached back and spread his ass 
cheeks. He had a ring of dark hair around his asshole. 


 "Oh baby...stick your tongue as far out of your mouth as you can." Then 
he squatted down further. "Now lick up and down my ass crack. Oh fucking 
Bitch..that is so fucking great. Yeah. Lick harder. Use your tongue on my 
ass crack." 


 The taste was salty and bitter at the same time, but on the whole, Jeff's 
ass was lots cleaner than the ones she had sucked all morning. Or perhaps it 
was just that she was falling in love. Girls that age are so easily swayed. 


 'Oh you are the best, Sherry. The very best. You are my special girl. Now 
wiggle your tongue back and forth on my asshole.Oh baby, I love you. I love 
you." 


 This is what girls did for their boyfriends. Sherry was becoming 
convinced. She would do this for her boyfriend. For Jeff. She felt the 
corrugated rim of the asshole on her tongue. 


 "Oh baby, you are a fucking expert. You are a natural asssucker. Now 
stick your tongue right into my shithole. Get it as far up my shithole as 
you can. Do it for me, baby. Prove to me that you really care about me." 


 He sat down on her face. Right on her face! He sat down on her face with 
her fourteen year old tongue up his asshole. She could hardly breath with 
his muscular asscheeks clamping her face.she thrust her tongue into his warm 
steamy asshole. 


 "That's it..fuck my asshole with your tongue. Oh God damn, Fuck that it 
good. That is the best fucking feeling in the world. That is better than 
fucking. If you were my girl,I'd have you do this for hours every single 
night. Ohhhhh fuck....yeah..now with your tongue up my asshole, use your 
mouth to suck on my ass lips. Oh man...this feels better than taking a 
really good shit! Oh fuck, I am going to shoot! Oh Jesus..." 


 He stood up suddenly and pointed his throbbing dick down at her face and 
blew his load of fucksnot. Cum hosed down on Sherry, splattering onto her 
face and into her open mouth. 


 "Oh fuck.oh fuck..oh fuck..yeah!" Her face was covered with dick slime. 
Her tongue still hung part way out of her open mouth. He jumped off the cot 
and wiped his leaking prick in her hair. 


 "Oh shit, I am late for a meeting. See you later, Sherry. I love you!" He 
scooped up his clothes and went out the door. 


 She watched his muscular ass globes roll as he exited. He loved her. He 
loved her and would help her to escape from this Hell hole. The cum dripped 
off her chin. He would take her away, and they could live romantically. She 
wouldn't mind sucking his ass every day, not if he really loved her. 


 There was new hope for Sherry! 


Page 3 of 4





Page 4 of 4 













Tue, Dec 19, 2006 10:11 AM 

Subject: FW: The Killenkoff Institute Part Fourteen 
Date: Tuesday, December 19, 2006 10:10 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: The Killenkoff Institute Part Fourteen 

 
------ Forwarded Message 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 


 


 "Wake up you lazy Bitch, time for fun and games." Ivan dressed in 
white gym shorts and a white tee shirt kicked her awake. She had been having 
another wonderful dream about Jeff. In this one, he was taking her to the 
movies, and they sat holding hands and every once in a while kissing. It was 
so beautiful. Then Ivan's kick brought her back to reality. She sat up 
rubbing her eyes. 


 "Get those fucking legs apart, Twathole! You know better than to sit 
with your legs together. Sherry spread her legs and Ivan brought his naked 
foot up and started to wiggle his toes in her cunt. Her pussy was still sore 
from getting fucked so many times, but that didn't seem to stop him. He 
forced his big toe into her cunt. 


 "Oh yeah, I'd say a day's rest did that cunt a lot of good. It is once 
again ready to fuck." 
"No, please, It's still really sore and..." His hand slapped her 
hard, knocking her onto the floor. 


 "When the fuck will you learn. You don't ever say no to a man! You 
don't ever refuse a man your cunt! Any man...any time. Now eat your fucking 
breakfast!" When he entered the room, he had placed a kind of doggie bowl 
on the floor. Sherry crawled over to it. She looked down at the milky white 
slop laced with yellow. She felt her stomach turn over. 


 "It's not what you think. It's not dog or horse cum." Ivan smiled. "No, 
today it's the finest bull cum. And to top it off, the two farm boys who own 
the bull, blew their noses into it! Enjoy your breakfast." 


 Sherry did everything she could to not vomit. Each time she brought her 
face to the bowl, she gagged and felt the need to puke. Ivan was not 
patient. 


 "Eat the fucking dicksnot, or I swear to God, I will have you fucked by a 
dozen dogs this morning, and I mean it." 


 Sherry extended her tongue and began to lick up the horrible tasting goo. 


 Ivan smiled again. "Yes, sir. That bull shoots gallons of cum. Before you 
are through here at the Institute, you will get a chance or two to be fucked 
by that giant bull prick. Believe me, it is an experience a cunt never 
forgets." 


 Sherry licked the bowl clean, four times swallowing her vomit with the 
crap, but she kept it all down so was not punished. She was led to the 
shower room where two boys of fourteen washed her...fingering her cunt and 
asshole with great relish. Her hair was shampooed and cleaned. She looked 
quite presentable, except for the fact that she was naked with large tits 
and puffy pussy lips. 


 Next she was taken to the doctor's office. He made her sit on the table 
with her legs spread of course. He fingered her cunt while he spoke to her. 
"How is our little princess today? My oh my, your cunt has really been 
fucked, hasn't it? You are one dick hungry little slut. You need to know 
when to give your gash a rest." His fingers cruelly twisted in her pussy. 


 "It wasn't my idea, Doctor...they made me....I..." The truth just 
poured out of her, until the doctor hauled off and slapped her with the hand 


Page 1 of 4 



that was not digging in her cunt. 


 "Don't speak unless you are told to. And don't lie. I know how much you 
little whores love those big teenage dicks. You think the boys here at the 
school have nothing to do but fuck your holes! Nasty Bitches!" 


 Sherry was so confused. Did he really believe that? Did he not know what 
went on in the school? Of course he did..it was all intended to mentally 
break her down. 


 She trembled as the doctor gave her tits another injection each. The long 
needle hurt like hell. 
"Good, in a day or so, these will be twice their size." Sherry couldn't 
believe it. They were already huge. They would be grotesque...obscene. 
"Now the nipples..." 
"Oh God, No...." Sherry's nipples were already so sensitive she could 
not stand to touch them. Her protests earned her another slap. 
"These dumb cunts just never learn. I swear they like to be punished." 
Ivan commented. 
The Doctor grunted. "Some cunts do like to be punished. It makes them 
feel wanted. It makes them feel like they are more than just a dick ditch." 


 He slammed the long needle into each tender swollen nipple. Sherry 
thought she would lose her mind...the tingling in her titty tips became 
unbearable. Then he injected her already swollen pussy lips as well. And a 
last injection into the clit itself. 


 "Some men prefer to have the clit cut off, so the girl experiences no 
pleasure for herself, but only for her man, but I actually like a cunt with 
an ultra-sensitive clit. It makes her horny all the time. She can hardly 
stand not to rub it constantly. She becomes a horny animal...which all cunts 
are anyway." The Doctor grabbed Sherry by the nipples and dragged her to 
the floor. There, she was forced to suck his dick. Ivan watched amused, 
rubbing the lump in his gym shorts. 


 Then on to the big event of the day. Sherry was taken to a room that 
had a drain in the middle of the floor. Her hands were tied behind her back. 
Then a leather contraption was placed over her face, and a funnel in her 
mouth. 


 "Today, Bitch, you are going to learn to savor the flavor of male piss! 
If you piss before you are given permission, you will be punished, and 
believe me, you don't want that. Today can be as hard or as easy as you make 
it. All you have to do is drink piss!" 


 Ivan lowered his gym shorts to reveal his long thick dick. He hefted it a 
few times in his hand and then held it over the funnel in Sherry's mouth. A 
strong spray of yellow piss hit the funnel and swirled down into Sherry's 
mouth. The funnel was not inserted too deeply into her throat, as Ivan 
wanted her to taste the piss. He wanted her mouth filled with piss. She 
had to swallow on her own...the funnel didn't force the stuff down..it just 
made sure she got all of it in her mouth. If she didn't swallow, it backed 
up in the funnel. 


 "Look how beautiful a dick looks when it pisses. Isn't that a beautiful 
site? How lucky you cunts are to be able to appreciate cocks." More and 
more piss filled the funnel, and Sherry started to swallow. The taste was 
horrible, bitter and salty at the same time. 


 After he finished pissing, Ivan shook off his dick, then played with it 
until it was hard as rock...long and fat and throbbing. Then he went around 
behind Sherry and pushed her face down onto the floor, with her arms tied 
behind her and the funnel strapped in her mouth. Then he brutally rammed his 
dick up into her asshole. He fucked her ass hard and quick..caring only 
about having a climax himself. He grunted as she splattered his sperm up 
inside her rectum. 


 Then he stood and dragged the poor girl back onto her knees. Her eyes 
were wild as she knelt there, the funnel in her mouth, breathing heavily, 
cum leaking out of her ass. The perfect picture of a fourteen year old girl. 


 Ivan, his dick swinging and still dripping, sauntered over to the door 
and pushed a button. The door opened and ten young men, some of the same 


Page 2 of 4 



ones who had gang raped her, entered the room. Sherry scanned the line for 
Jeff, but he was not there. She felt better. She hated to think he would see 
her like this. One by one the young men walked up to her and took out their 
dicks and pissed into the funnel. She swallowed the piss loads of all ten 
teenage boys. Some of the piss was stronger in flavor than others, but soon 
she was lost in a kind of madness where nothing made sense or had any 
flavor. And then she was full. Her stomach was full...but the pissing teens 
kept coming. They each pissed so much, she felt bloated and sick to her 
stomach, but still more boys came up to take a piss. And when the ten 
finished, and she thought she could rest, ten more boys entered the 
room,dangling cocks in their hands...eager to take a leak in the cunt's 
mouth toilet. 


 she looked to Ivan wit pleading eyes and made grunting noises...she could 
not swallow any more piss. Her stomach felt as if it would explode, and she 
now had to piss in the worst way. 


 "Listen to the dumb twat, Boys, she wants more piss. Don't worry, baby, 
there is lots more for you!" 


 The pain in her guts increased as more and more piss cascaded down into 
her. Her stomach became distended like she was pregnant. She needed to piss 
so badly she could not stand it.She started to cramp. Terrible pains shot 
through her lower intestines. She sobbed while still more piss poured down 
into the funnel. Then she looked up in horror. There standing in front of 
her was Jeff. Handsome Jeff, holding his big dick in his hand, about to piss 
in the funnel in her mouth. His eyes looked sadly down at her. His lips 
moved and formed the words..."I'm sorry." Then he too pissed into the 
funnel. She could stand it no more, she sobbed, and piss gushed from her 
pussy onto the floor of the room. Piss shot out of her. 


 "You fucking Hole! You stupid fucking useless Hole! You can't do any 
fucking thing right!" Ivan kicked her over and Jeff just kept pissing, the 
piss now hitting her tits and cunt, as more and more piss shot out of her 
pussy. 


 "I'll teach you to disobey me, you fucking Hole! You'll be sorry you 
were ever born!" 
She was already. Two boys grabbed her at Ivan's orders, and they 
removed the leather harness form her mouth. 
Ivan kicked a plastic wash tub into the middle of the room. 
"Okay boys, finger your throats until you puke up your breakfasts into 
this tub. Everyone of you puke into the tub." 


 Most of the boys looked at Ivan with disgust...he wanted them to poke 
their fingers into their throats until they vomited. A few of the boys who 
had obviously played this game before, walked right over tot he tub, bent 
over and got to work. Soon horrid, acrid vomit spewed from their mouths and 
splashed into the tub. The guys emptied their stomachs...gagging and 
barfing until they were empty. Jeff joined the boys, as he had no choice. 
But Ivan still was not finished. He pushed the wall button and ten more 
teenage boys entered the room. He didn't ask them to piss, but instead, 
ordered them to vomit into the washtub. Soon the tub was filled with the 
puke of twenty boys. The room stank of vomit. Now he dragged Sherry over 
to the tub. 


 "Now I am going to hold your head under the puke, and you will either 
swallow it all or drown in it. It's your choice!" 


 Sherry, with her hands still tied behind her back, screamed hysterically 
as her face was shoved into the washtub filled with vomit. She kicked and 
twisted, but it was no use. Her only hope was to eat the puke. 


 Most of the guys standing around watching the event, started to 
masturbate. I mean, what teenage boy doesn't want to see a fourteen year old 
cunt eat his puke? 


 Sherry swallowed as fast as she could. Puke got up her nose, in her ears 
and eyes...it coated her face and clotted in her hair. She was drowning in 
vomit. She ate faster and faster, swallowing globs of puke. 


 "Jesus, look at her eat that barf. What a disgusting animal she is!" 


Page 3 of 4 



said one handsome blond boy as he jerked his dripping dick. 
"Yeah, she is a fucking piece of shit, all-right." said another boy, 
also pulling on he swollen pecker. "She's got good tits though." 
"She'll never be good for anything but taking dick." a tough looking 
youngish boy of sixteen said. 
Ivan grunted. "What cunt is? That's all any of them are good for. Dick 
drains...nothing else." 


 Sherry almost passed out. She cold not breath and there was just too 
much puke to eat. Then at the last moment, Ivan dragged her head out of the 
washtub. She was able to gulp in some air. Her face was a mess..covered in 
puke with clumps of undigested food and who knows what mixed in. 


 "All right, Bitch, get your face in there and eat the rest of the vomit, 
and lick the washtub clean." 


 It was not a good day for Sherry. 
------ End of Forwarded Message 


Page 4 of 4 













Fri, Dec 29, 2006 10:41 AM 

Subject: Killenkoff Institute Part Fifteen 
Date: Friday, December 29, 2006 10:39 AM 
From: Dale Gutzman " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
To: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@sbcglobal.net&gt; 
Cc: " title="Click here!">&lt;maipenraikhap@msn.com&gt; 
Conversation: Killenkoff Institute Part Fifteen 


Sherry was being punished. 
"But I have not done anything wrong, " she wailed, here pretty fourteen year 
old eyes filled with tears. She knew the punishments at the Killenkoff 
Institute must be terrible, since the daily life itself was agony. 


 "Fucking Hole, I know you haven't done anything wrong. We are going to 
punish you, so you know how you will feel if you ever do do anything wrong. 
If you ever refuse a male anything he wants. If you don't obey every order 
instantly and with enthusiasm. If you ever fucking don't please me or any 
dude at all. We want you to have a taste of how it will feel burned into 
your stupid cunt brain, so that you never even think of disobeying or 
fucking up! Got that, Twat face?" 


 I van was naked, and his big fat teenage dick was full and throbbing. It 
swayed from side to side sticking out from his groin like a baseball bat. He 
had two other teenage guys of about his own age to help him. They were also 
naked and clearly aroused. One of them dripped pre-fuck from his dick 
constantly. They were excited about the prospect of inflicting pain. Many 
teenage boys are like that. They love to be bullies and thugs. It's a 
natural part of growing up for a boy, I guess. 


 They tied poor Sherry over a kind of saw horse, with her large injected 
tits resting on the top bar of the contraption. She was bent over at the 
waist, arms lashed to the sides and big fat fourteen year old tits resting 
on top. She looked up at the handsome boys, terrified. 


 "What...what are you going to do to me?" 


 Ivan smiled. Fuck, he was a handsome dude. "First we are going to apply a 
good old fashioned tit whipping.Of course once you are pregnant and your 
udders are filled with milk, it will be more fun. Watching the milk spray 
all over the room, shooting out of your nipples as we beat the fuck out of 
your titsacks. But This will give you a little taste of what is to come." 


 He picked up a sturdy birch rod and swung it through the air. The muscles 
in his strong arms tensed and the rod made a swishing sound. His ass globes 
tightened as he bounced around on his bare feet, snapping and swinging the 
rod. His fuck meat slapped his thighs, and his big balls bounced and swayed. 
Sherry was actually getting used to seeing guys dicks. She never thought she 
would admit that to herself, but she was quite unaffected now by the sight 
of a fucking huge rampant male pick swinging in front of her. It was the 
pain that the prick could cause that still terrified her. Whether she 
realized it or not, she was learning to respect cock. She looked at it with 
awe and fear, the way all cunts should look at dick. 


 "THWAP! Without warning the rod snapped down across Sherry's sensitive 
swollen tits. The breasts flattened and bounced, a dark red slash appearing 
on the milk white skin. Sherry's scream filled the room. The three teeage 
boys jumped around cheering and high fiving each other. Tears ran down the 
face of the sweet teenage girl. 


 "Puh...puhlease no more..I beg you. I'll be good. I'll suck cock real 
good. I promise. I'll be a really good fuck." Words she thought she would 
never say, poured out of her mouth. It was horrible how she had changed in 
such a short time. 


 "You are God damned fucking right you will become an excellent dick 
sucker. You will be a champion dick sucker and suck dick all day and night. 
You will suck fifty dicks a day before we are through with you. You will 
suck dick from five in the morning until midnight without stopping. Your 


Page 1 of 2 



entire life will be sucking dick." His eyes glowed and a wicked smile 
covered his face. "Except for when you are getting cunt and ass fucked!" 
When you are being fucked, you will get cock up you cunt and ass twenty four 
hours a day for days and days on end. You will be fucked two or three times 
an hour. You will exist as nothing but a dick trough for cum scum. But you 
still have a lot to learn, you worthless piece of shit! And so we have to 
hurt you to impress that upon you!" He jumped as if he were about to sink a 
basket. His fat dick flopped up and hit his stomach. He brought the birch 
rod down with all his strength onto her poor abused tits. Sherry threw her 
head from side to side, tears whipping from her red eyes. She bit her lower 
lip and blood appeared. Her naked young body strained at her bonds. One of 
the other naked teenage boys stepped behind her and roughly rammed three 
fingers up inside her tender fourteen year old cunt. 


 "The fucking hole must enjoy it, her pussy is wet." 


 Ivan grunted. "Don't ever let a cunt fool you. The bitches love to be 
hurt by big strong handsome dudes. They fucking drip for it. A bitch will 
never admit it, but they all cream over a little pain. Now my buddies, watch 
this. If you think she was fucked up out of her mind by whipping her tits. 
Wait until you hear this. I am going to whip her nipples now!" 


 And he did. He brought the birch rod down again and again on Sherry's 
swollen titty buds. The nipples grew red and even more swollen, looking as 
if they would burst. Sherry almost passed out from the pain. The boy behind 
her dug his fingers deeper into her cunt. 


 Finally the titty whipping stopped, but the torture was just starting. 
Now, Ivan tied a strong black thread around each nipple. Sherry bit into her 
lower lip again from the pain. Blood flowed. 


 "Here Johnny, I want you to tug on this bitch's tits. Really yank them 
out by pulling on the thread as hard as you can!" 


 Sherry was certain her nipples would be ripped off. The entire tit globe 
was lifted and stretched by the nipple.Ivan walked close to her and started 
to slap her face with his thick leaking dick. 


 "Think about cock. COCK. I want you thinking about nothing but cock, 
Bitch. At fourteen, your mind should be on one thing and one thing 
only...guys' dicks! That is the trouble with young bitches nowadays, they 
don't have the proper respect for prick!" The cock slapped back and forth 
across her face, leaving red marks and pecker tracks. Her nipples were 
stretched to the point of being torn from her tits. Fingers dug deeply into 
her cunt. The boy behind her withdrew his fingers, squatted down, his dick 
hanging to the floor, and started to pull and twist her cunt lips. 


 "Get the bitch's clit!" Ivan yelled smacking her face with his fuck 
meat. 


 The boy behind her grabbed her clit and yanked it as hard as he could. 


 Sherry's mouth opened in an agonized scream, and ivan shoved his plum 


sized dick head into it. 
"Come on you fucking hole, tell me you love dick. Tell me!" 
"I lugh ick...I lugh ick..." Sherry tried to speak with the fat cock 
leaking in her mouth. 
"Louder, fuckhole! Yell out that you love dick!" 
"Oh God..I lugh ick...I lugh ick!!!!!" 
Ivan laughed and rammed his prick down her throat. The boy behind her 
twisted and pulled her clit. The boy in front tugged on her nipple threads. 


 Sherry collapsed over the wooden sawhorse. Her body broken, her spirit 
destroyed. The fat cock sprayed down her throat...and all the while she 
swallowed, she kept trying to yell how much she loved dick. 


 In this manner, young girls learn that God put them on this earth to 
service cock! 


 Her only hope now, was for Jeff to save her and take her away from this 
living Hell! 


Page 2 of 2 













Sherry knelt naked in the middle of the room. She knelt as
she had been
taught to, as no fourteen year old girl should have to. She
knelt with her
back arched so her now swollen tits pushed themselves
grossly off of her
chest. She knelt with her legs wide apart so her shaved
cunt lips were
totally visable. She was such a pretty girl. Such a fucked
up girl.


Ivan stood before her. Today he wore only a jock strap.
It bulged
obscenely, his huge hunk of teenage fuckmeat and nuts
packed behind the thin
stretched elastic material. As instructed, Sherry stared
only at his dick.
She dare not look anywhere else until told to. She
concentrated on how the
tube of the fuckmeat curled in the pouch, too large to be
totallly contained
by the jock. She She noted how the fat egg sized balls
pushed the elsastic
away from his groin, just too much fucker for the size 
large pouch. She even
noticed a slight discoloration at the front of the pouch
from piss leak. She
was glad she had the fuckpouch to stare at. It kept her
mind off of what new
and terrible things might be done to her. Poor fourteen 
year old Sherry.
She had suffered so much in the past few days. Her trials 
and tribulations
never seemed to end, and no matter how hard she tried, she 
could never
please Ivan. And when she didn't please Ivan, he hurt her.
He hurt her
badly.


"Congratulations Bitch, today you are going to make
your first movie!"




Ivan nodded toward the three video cameras held by three
well muscled guys
in their late teens or early twenties. Two of the guys
also wore jock
straps, but the third was totally naked, his dick hanging
six inches
flaccid, like a salami.


 Sherry's gaze never wavered from Ivan's prick pouch. She
was going to be
fucked. She already knew that. Every day she was
fucked...in the ass, in the
cunt, in the mouth. Every day she was fucked all day.
Fucked or some other
loathsome thing. Her cunt was stretched and swollen and 
hurt all the time.
Her asshole never stopped throbbing. The lips of her pretty
mouth were
slightly swollen from continual cocksucking. That a girl,
Sherry! That's
how all good looking fourteen year old girls should look
and feel. And now
they were going to film her getting fucked! Who cared 
anymore. Certainly
not Sherry. Maybe if someone saw her getting fucked in a
movie, they would
feel sorry for her and help her. Most likely not.
The men who would buy such films, loved watching young twat
get raped and
stretched. 


Ivan smiled. "Today's movie is called 'Sherry's New
Boyfriend.' Isn't
that a good title for the film? And you Sherry are the
star. But before we
start, we have to make certain that you will co-operate
with enthusiasm and
energy. Time is money in the film industry, and we can't
risk you copping
out on us at the last minute. So I want you to lie on your
back with your




knees up to your tits and legs spread wide for just a
moment. "


 Sherry immediately went into her back. She knew you
didn't dare cross
Ivan for a second, or the consequences would be terrible.
Her tits were
quite heavy now from daily injections, and they almost
threw her off
balance. She raised her legs spread them and rested her
knees on her tits.


 "Now sherry, I am going to hurt you. I am going to hurt
you, not because
you were a bad bitch, but because I want to insure that you
will not be a
bad bitch during our filming."


Sherry wanted to scream out to him that she would be 
good. She would let
them fuck her. She would pretend to love it if they
wanted.But she dare not
speak without permission. Her mouth was for sucking dick,
and sometimes
taking in food. Not for cunt chat. "Please don't hurt 
me..." she said over
and over in her mind, and she tried to convey it with her 
eyes.


"Don't be frightened Cunt. I am only going to hurt you
for a few seconds,
but it will be quite bad. I need to insure your totally cooperation in
todays filming. We want 'Sherry's New Boyfriend' to be an
instant best
seller. Now this is a stun gun. You have experienced this
before It give you
quite a nasty shock, doesn't it? Well, I have never had it
beyond three
before. And today I am going to shock you with it turned up
to level six. I
am going to shock you in your cunt! I am going to shock you
in your fourteen




year old cunt! And I am going to tell you that if you do
not do everything
required of you today, with cheerfulness and energy, then
you will get
shocked at level eight. And you will get shocked for over
an hour. It will
almost kill you. The pain will be unbearable. If you
disobey even one order
today. If you hesitate for even one second, I will shock
you beyond any
imagination of what pain can be or do. Reach down with your
hands and pull
your cunt lips open. I want to shock you right on the
clit."


 Sherry was too scared to even cry. She knew about the
stun gun. Ivan love
to play with it. He often gave girls shocks to get them to
crawl faster
during cunt races, or he would use it to get a girl to suck
dick better or
beg for more cock, but always at a very low level. She
reached down with
trembling fingers and spread apart her teenage pussy lips.
She spread them
wide apart, so as not to anger Ivan. He touched the tip of
the stun gun to
her swollen elongated clit. They had been working on
stretching her clit
these last few days. Stretching it and keeping it ultra
sensitive with
sandpaper and injections. So sensitive that even touching
it almost sent her
into orgasm. She was becoming an almost constantly cumming
slut.


 "Now care you don't bite your tongue off or chew through
your lips. That
would be a real shame."


 It was unspeakably painful! Mind numbingly agonizing.
Her brain almost




exploded as electricity shot through her clit up into her
cunt, around her
womb, into her guts, up, up..almost to her heart. Her
entire body trembled
and seemed to levitate off the concrete floor. She had 
never felt anything
so horrible in her entire life.She knew instantly she
would do
anything...anything to never feel it again. It had served
its purpose.


"There now, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Ivan said, and 
the guys in the
room laughed at the still trembling naked teenage girl on
the floor. "Now
remembr, if you don't want to get it again and much worse.
You just be a
good little star today." Sherry noticed through her now
teary eyes that the
cameras were already rolling.


"Okay and here comes your fellow actor. Your new
boyfriend!" The door
opened and in walked Jeff, Sherry's only hope in this
nightmare world. Jeff
looked at her with real compassion. He was so fucking
handsome. So well
muscled. He wore a white posing strap that accentuated his
huge prick and
balls. For one instant, Sherry took on hope. Was Jeff to be
her boyfriend in
the movie? But then she saw what Jeff had with him. Jeff 
was leading by a
leash, some kind of huge dog. The animal was waist high to
Jeff, and drool
ran from it's jowls in long stings.


"Jeff has your new boyfriend right here. Sherry, I want 
you to meet your
new boyfriend Fucker!" As if the dog could sense what was
said, he lifted
his huge head and opened his fanged mouth and let out with 
a snarl and a




deafening bark. More drool ran from his jowls.
Sherry was out of her mind with terror.


"Don't worry, he won't bite you, unless you resist him.
He did bit off
one girl's tit a few months ago, but it was so fucking
funny, we left it in
the movie.But this is a romantic movie. This is a love 
story. Of a lonely
fourteen year old girl and her faithful dog, Fucker. I will
be the director.
Ready..Lights, Camera, Action." That was stupid because the
cameras had been
rolling all along. Jeff stood with a sad, sympathetic look
on his face, but
his dick started to erect immediately, and he reached down
and kept
squeezing it. A huge pre-fuck stain formed in the front of 
the thin
stretched material.


 "I love you Jeff. I love you Jeff. Please, help me out 
of this. Please
help me to escape!" Sherry screamed over and over in her
head, as she knelt
in the middle of the floor, naked and the huge dog padded
around her,
smelling her.


"Now Sherry, say hello to your new boyfriend. Give him a
nice big kiss on
the mouth and tell him how handsome he is and how much you
love him!" Sherry
put her face up to the dog's head. Her fourteen year old
face looked tiny
next to the monstrous visage of the drooling animal. His
smell was
overwhelming. She didn't know if she could put her mouth to
the dog's
jowls...his yellow fangs dripped saliva.


"He's been well trained and he won't hurt you if you do
it right. Show
him real love. Now talk to him, Cunt!"




 "My, my...what a nice doggie you are..." she started, 
her voice shaking
and the words muttered.


 "No,you fucking hole. This is not your pet, this is your
boyfriend. Beg
him to fuck you. Beg him for his big handsome cock! Just
like you sluts do
with boys. Do you want the stun gun, Bitch?"


"Oh, I love you so much." Sherry said to the dog. "I
dream about your
big thick cock all the time. I need it so bad. I need to
kiss you. Please
fuck me. Please fuck me my darling boyfriend." Not bad for 
a fourteen year
old girl. The bitch could act when she had to.


"Pet him and stroke him while you kiss him. Look at the
huge tongue on
that dog. Let him lick your face with his tongue. Oh fuck,
I'm getting a
hard on. Now stick your tongue into his mouth. He won't 
bite, Go for it,
Bitch." 


Sherry passionately kissed the huge dog. She got dog spit
and snot in her
mouth, but that didn't matter now. She was forced to make 
out with the dog
for almost ten minutes. She was made to say different
obscene things to it.


 "Okay, well done, moving on! Now Sherry crawl under the
dog and start to
lick his big black balls. This is an Art film Sherry. It
has a philosophy, a
message. The message of our film is that fucked up dick
loving fourteen year
old sluts like you need cock so bad, they don't care if it
is human or
animal. They need prick so badly they will take any prick
at all..any time,
any place. Isn't that a timely message? It's a warning to
all those nice




middle school and high school boys out there to beware of
their girlfriends.
The stupid twats are probably fucking and sucking the
family dog at home!
Come on Bitch, you are wasting time. Crawl down under that
pooch and lay on
your back. He will adjust. He has had this done, many many
times.


 The gigantic canine had huge low hanging nuts. The
scrotum was black and
leathery and smelled horribly. It swung down a good six or
seven inches from
the dogs underbelly. The nuts were lemon sized. The scrotum
brushed against
Sherry's pretty teenage face. She couldn't help wince and
wrinkle her nose
with disgust.


"Watch it,Cunt. Another reaction like that, and you get
zapped good. Now
open your mouth and start to lick the doggie balls!"


Sherry had licked scrotums almost ever day since coming
to Killenkoff
Institute. She had tasted sweaty, pissy, dirty boy balls.
But never anything
like this. They must not have washed the dog for weeks.
She started to lick
the swinging fucksack. Her pretty pink tongue contrasted
nicely with the
black leathery skin of the dog scrotum. The camera men
zoomed in for
close-ups.


Imagine how this poor fourteen year old girl felt, naked
in front of
camers, licking dog balls.


"To prove you are enjoying yourself, reach down and
finger your cunt
while you lick his balls." The dog shifted his stance and
growled, and
Sherry shoved two fingers up her teenage cunt.




 "Two fingers? What the fuck is that? Three or four at
least, Bitch! Show
how nice and open we have made you. Now suck on one of the 
nuts. Oh shit,
this jock strap is strangling my dick." Ivan stepped out
of his jock, his
cock now fully hard and throbbing and leaking up a storm.


"Okay, way to go Sherry, his prick is starting to come
out of it's
sheath. But we can get to that in a minute. We have 
something else to do
first. Something all males enjoy..and all cunts like you
love to do. Crawl
around back and lick and suck the dog's asshole!"


Is there no God? Is there no Mercy? Why, no divine
intervention? Sherry
had been a good girl all her life. She was not evil. How
could this be
happening to her. How could naked teenage boys with cameras
and stiff
drooling dicks be filming her as she crawled naked, tits
swinging, around to
the rear end of a gigantic dog and started to lick the 
dog's stinking,
filthy asshole?


"Oh Fuck, yeah" Jeff muttered under his breath, watching
his favorite
cunt licking dog ass. Somehow it all seemed so right. All
these boys felt
that way. It felt and looked so right to see a bare assed
big titted
fourteen year old girl on hands and knees behind a shaggy
dirty dog,
sticking her pretty tongue out and licking the dogs rectum
hole!


 "That is so fucking beautiful! That is how I want to see
all cunts! It's
their fucking duty. It's what they were fucking born to do.
Now, Bitch,




stick your tongue as far as you can up inside the dog
asshole! Christ, what
a fucking good love story!" Ivan masturbated his huge dick
as he watched,
and Jeff's prick had pushed its way out from the side of
the wet white thong
to bob in the air and drool. These were normal boys with
normal needs.


 "Come on you useless twat work that tongue around in the
asshole. Give
that doggie a boner!" Sherry forced more and more tongue
into the dog ass.
She tasted and felt dog shit.


"Get going...finger your cunthole while you tongue fuck
dog ass!"


"This is going to be one fucking amazing film. She is a
natural star!"
One of the cameramen said.


 "Are you fucking kidding. I taught her everything she
knows. When she
came here, she had never sucked asshole in her life. 
Imagine, fourteen and
never sucked a dude's ass. What the fuck is wrong with
bitches nowadays? Oh
man, look at that dog prick!"


It was true. The dog prick had emerged from the sheath.
It was pink and
black spotted, gnarled, full of veins, leaking yellowish
slime. You could
smell it across the room, and it was nine inches long and
thicker than a
coke can. 


"Sherry...your boyfriend is ready for you!" Ivan laughed,
and his prick
actually bounced up and slapped his stomach.


"Oh man, you fucking fucking beautiful piece of cunt,
you!" Jeff
muttered. It was as near to love as he had ever come.


 "Okay Sherry, time to suck some doggie dick!"




 They threw Sherry a towel to wipe the dog shit off her
lips, making sure
they first got a really good close-up of it. Sherry's eyes
looked glazd, and
her mouth hung open slackly, like she was slightly
retarded.


 "Come on, Cunt, look bright. The best part of the movie
is still to
come.Don't drop out on us now. Crawl down under the dog and
lick that big
beautiful leaking dick!"


"Jesus, how the fuck can she stand licking dog cock?"
Jeff asked,
pumping his prick.


"Oh fuck, they love it. They just gotta be trained is
all. You know how
bad sluts need cock.When we go out to the bars, or hang
around the high
schools or middle schools, you know that all those bitches
are thinking
about is getting into our pants...tasting our fat fuckers!
Their titties are
heaving and their mouths drooling at the thought of tasting 
prickmeat. You
jut gotta be little forceful with them is all. Now, 
Bitch...look a that
fuckmeat on your new boyfriend. Isn't that beautiful.
Doesn't that make your
cunt slime? Go ahead baby, you know you want to. Go ahead
and lick that big
fat dog dick!"














Jeff was visiting fourteen year old Sherry in her room,
which was really a
cell. He could only visit her if he had a legitimate
reason, so he was
helping her with her daily exercises. Sherry had been
ashamed to see him at
first, as the last time he had seen her, she was getting
fucked by a huge
dog. The pink and black spotted dog dick was fucking her in
the cunt and
later in the asshole. Sherry was terrified that Jeff would
now find her
repulsive. She loved him and he was her only hope of
salvation in this
dreadful place. If he was repulsed by her, she might lose
him for ever.


 Jeff was helping Sherry with her daily "stretching'
routine. She sat
naked as always on the floor with her legs spread wide.
Jeff also naked, sat
between her legs. He had the big toe of each of his large
feet inserted in
her cunt and he was stretching her pussy open with his
toes. His fingers
were working on Sherry's big nipples. He was pulling the
nipples out from
her now soccer ball sized tits and twisting them as hard as
he could. Sherry
almost passed out from the pain, but she knew that Jeff had
to make the
exercises look real, or he could not come to visit her He 
had explained this
to her on his first visit to "help her." Her tits were 
obscenely large for
her small figure, and the nipples stuck out like the
nipples on baby
bottles. Still they were never satisfied. They wanted her
to be a freak.
They wanted grotesque nipples capping the huge round tits.


"Oh God, Jeff, that really hurts...."




 "I'm sorry baby, but if anyone checks on us, it has
to look real. And
if they measure your nipples and there is no growth, you
know they will
punish you. So, my sweet love, this is for your own good. I
am so sorry."
He yanked on the two brown nipples and twisted them 
completely around in his
strong young fingers. Tears ran down sherry's pretty face.
Jeff's huge hard
naked dick thumped on the floor and leaked pre-fuck. Sherry
saw that and
knew that he really loved her. He worked his big toes
deeper into her cunt
and moved his feet apart so the twat lips spread and
stretched. She groaned
and re-adjusted her position on the floor.


"Sit still will you? You are only making this harder on
yourself."
Sherry sat as she had been taught to, thrusting her tits
out as far as she
could. They felt awkward and heavy and sometimes her
muscles hurt now from
having to support such big tits.


"I am so ashamed, Jeff that you saw me getting fucked
by that dog." She
said between clenched teeth, trying to ignore the pain.


"Oh, that's okay don't be ashamed of that. I thought you
looked real sexy
getting that dog dick fucked into you. Especially in your
ass. Guys like to
watch their girls fucking around with dogs, it turns them 
on."


 "I was so afraid you would think I was some kind of
dirty slut now and
never want me again."


"Sherry, baby, if I was going to think that about you,
it would have
been along time ago, when you were fucked in all three
holes by those




niggers, or when you had to drink all that cum or piss. I
hate the fact that
they hurt you and force you, but you gotta admit, baby, you
are getting a
good sexual education."


"But I want you to do those things to me, not strange
men and boys I
want to save myself only for you." Her beautiful young
eyes glowed with
love and trust. 


"Sure, I know, but I ain't going to be jealous of no
dog. Don't worry
about that. Now lets see how much of one foot I can get up
your cunt."


"That's going to hurt awful, Jeff!"


 "I know baby, but we gotta make this look real. And
after I stretch your
pussy, I got some exciting news for you. I think I found a
way to help you
escape."


"Oh Jeff, tell me....please..."
"After we see how many toes I can get into your cunt."
He removed one big toe, and then started to work more


toes of the
remaining foot deeper and deeper into her teenage twat.
Meanwhile, he yanked
and twisted even harder on her swollen fourteen year old
nipples.


"Oh God, Jeff, that hurts so bad. Ugh...ugh...I can't..I
can't stand the
pain.."


Jeff's dick flopped around as he shoved his toes deep
into her cunt and
foot fucked her while pulling her body towards him by her
tits.


 "Oh fuck, yeah, oh fuck yeah..that is fucking great,
Sherry. That's my
girl. Oh fuck, I love you Sherry!"


"I...ugh...love you...owweeee...too...Jeff!" She grunted
almost passing




out from the pain.


With his foot still in her cunt, and still tugging on
her nipples, he
whispered to her. 


"Now listen baby. There is something big planned for you
tonight. I don't
know what it is, but it involves a special guest coming to
the Institute."


 Sherry's eyes grew even wider. "Is he going to fuck me?
Is he coming to
fuck me?"


 "Well he ain't coming to play Mahjong. It could be a
big city official
or a politician. They sometimes come out to sample some of
the cunt here.
Now you just do whatever they tell you to do, and I will
arrange to be the
one to take you back to your room, after. I have stolen a 
key card to the
kitchen, and on the way back, I will take you through the
kitchen to the
loading dock. We can steal a van there and get away. The
gates are always
open when we have visitors."


"Oh Jeff, I am so scared."


 "I know, baby, but you want to be free don't you? Don't 
you want to run
away and live with me? Be my girl?" He fucked his foot
deeper into her cunt.


"Oh god, yes, Jeff. I love you so much."


"Lean back a little...let's see if I can work the big
toe of my other
foot up your asshole at the same time."Sherry knew that
Jeff liked kinky
sex too, probably because he was still a teenage himself,
and he had been
taught by the Institute to abuse girls. Sherry was sure
that once she was
free, she could teach him all about the romantic side of 
sex. She could




teach him how to be gentle and loving. She could see all of
that in his
nature. And after all, he did want to help her escape.With
the toes of his
right foot still embedded in her twat, she leaned back so 
he could work the
big toe of his left foot up into her rectum.


"Jeez Sherry, you got such fucking good holes. Now lift
your hands off
the floor and put them on your head, so you are hanging
from my fingers
holding your nipples."


"That is going to hurt something awful, Jeff."


"For me, baby, do it for me. Show me how much you love
me. I am risking
everything for you, can't you just do this for me?"


"I'll do anything for you, Jeff, you know that."
Sherry lifted her
hands that had been supporting her weight from the floor.
Now, Jeff had toes
in her cunt, a big toe up her asshole, and was holding her
from falling
backward by her swollen sore teenage nipples. They
stretched out horribly,
almost three inches. Sherry wailed in pain.


"Oh fuck yeah. This way they will believe I am
really just exercising
you and not planning anything. Great." Now with her 
literally hanging
backward by her nipples, he started to wiggle his toes in
her cunt, trying
to get deeper and deeper.


"Oh yeah, shit, I am going to cum, and I ain't even
fucking you or
nothing." His dick quivered and throbbed and then a geyser
of fuck slop
sprayed out of the big pisshole and splattered Sherry in
the face.


 "Oh fucking A. Oh, excellent. Jesus, what a fucking
cum!" A second




string of cum draped across the tortured tits. A third
puddled on her belly.


At last he removed his feet from her holes and let go of
her tits. The
nipples stayed stretched out thick and rubbery, two inches
of cunt titbud.If
she ever wore clothing again, they would make her look like
some kind of
freakish slut. 


He held Sherry in his arms, soothing her. She was almost
unconscious from
the pain.


"There, there, baby, all done. You did real good. All
finished for
tonight. We can work on your clit stretching another time."


"There won't be another time. We are going to escape
tonight, you said."


"Oh yes, of course. I forgot. It's just that I love my
girl to have a
nice big clit, so she can feel the sex better. Will you let
me stretch your
clit when we are away from her and by ourselves?"


"I guess, if you want to. If it doesn't hurt too much."
He scraped his
hand across her belly and brought his cum clotted fingers
up to her mouth
for her to suck clean. "Here, baby, your protein from you
boyfriend."


She opened her mouth and sucked on the slime covered
fingers. He scooped
the fucksnot off her tits and fed her more. She was used to 
the taste of cum
by now, and it didn't phase her. She ate his fuckslop like
a good little
slut 


"Atta girl. That's my girl!" He wiped the cum off her
face and fed it to
her. "You like the taste of your boyfriend, huh?"


"Ah...I guess so..." She was so tired and out of it and
her body ached.




When she spoke, her lips had strings of cum going from the
top lip to the
bottom. Jeff thought she looked real cute that way. He
liked it when a cunt
looked real slutty all the time. He was one of those
teenage boys who
believes that girls are on this earth for only one purpose,
to service guy's
dicks. So everything was working out perfectly. She was
certainly the
pretties cunt he had come across, and he did have special
feelings for her
in his nutsack. 


"Now you get some rest, so that you ready for our
escape tonight. And
don't piss them off when they want you to service their
special guest. Do a
good job. I'll see you tonight, baby." He stood up and
wiped his leaking
dick off in her hair. " Remember, I love you"


She watched his muscular ass cheeks roll as he walked to 
the door.


 "I love you too Jeff. I really do love you!" She was so 
happy, she
hardly noticed the throbbing pain in her stretched tits and 
cunt.














Sherry was led into a section of the mansion she had never
seen. Beautiful
artwork adorned the walls and rich carpets tickled her
hands and knees as
she crawled. She looked up at Jeff leading her. He wore
black dress pants
that hugged his muscular ass and crotch. He also wore a
white shirt and a
black bow tie. She crawled passed antique furniture and
huge urns filled
with fresh flowers to an oaken door.


 "Now remember, do everything you have to. After you
finish here, we will
make our escape. I've got everything planned out. But do a
good job here, so
there is no trouble." Jeff patted her head like she was a
pet of some sort.
Poor fourteen year old Sherry, starved for some affection
and kindness,
rubbed her face on his thigh. Her huge tits swung.


Jeff opened the door and Sherry heard music. It was the
slow movement
from Mahler's fifth Symphony, that beautiful adagio. Warm
light from rich
lamps bathed the occupants. Ivan stood to one side, wearing
a suit and
sipping a cocktail. In a leather armchair sat a naked man.
He seemed middle
aged with nice definition to his body. He was masked. His 
ten inch dick
stood up thick and throbbing over very large nuts. He too,
sipped a drink.


"You know what to do, Bitch!" Ivan barked, and Sherry
crawled forward
toward the man in the chair. She reached his large naked
right foot first.
She began to lick the man's foot.
She sucked on each toe, sliding her tongue around the toe
nail and sucking




to clean it. She licked the bottom of the foot and the 
heel. At least the
man had relatively clean feet.


"Massage the foot with your tits, Cunt!" Ivan barked. 
Sherry lifted the
foot and place it between her two swollen breasts. She
rubbed her tits
together to give the foot a tit massage.


"Warm his big toe in our cunt."


She lowered his foot and straddled it and worked the 
masked man's big
toe into her pussy. She felt horribly dirty and perverted
doing this, but
she knew she had to if she ever hoped to escape.


She repeated the action with his other foot, then began
to lick up his
hairy legs toward his crotch. Eventually she reached the
bloated ball sack.
The man grunted but said nothing as she began to lick his
nuts. She bathed
each large nut in spit, then sucked and gently nipped at
the fleshy
fucksack. Then she took one ball in her mouth and put it in
her cheek.She
massaged and bathed it this way.


After licking his balls for about ten minutes, the man
raised his arm
and Sherry knew at once he wanted his armpits licked. The
dark hair was
thick and sweaty under his pits. She didn't care for the 
smell or the taste,
but she knew she had to perform. She licked the pits and
then sucked on the
armpit hair to get it clean. He suddenly grabbed her face
and thrust his
tongue into her mouth, kissing her deeply, fucking his
tongue deep into her
oral cavity. She could hardly breath, he was so rough. Then
he held her face




in front of his and spit into her face six times. His spit
was thick and
smelled. Her pretty young face was coated with spit. It
dripped from her
nose and ran into her mouth. He grabbed one of her nipples
in each hand and
twisted and pulled.


Sherry had been give an extra strong dose of nipple
stimulant, and the
feeling almost sent her into orgasm. He yanked and tugged
at her nipples, as
if he were trying to pull them off. Ivan, standing to one
side sipped his
drink and chuckled. Tears filled Sherry's eyes from the
pain. Then the man
positioned Sherry over his huge dick, her asshole, not her
cunt and lowered
her onto his cock. She was seated on his lap, his fat
fuckmeat up her
asshole, and him pulling on her nipples and spitting into
her face. His dick
was so large that it caused extreme pain in her rectum and
up into her guts.


"Bounce on it, Fucking lazy Bitch. Bounce on that dick!"


Sherry started to bounce on the dick, feeling for sure it
would rupture
her intestines. The masked man held her nipples and guided
her bouncing by
pulling on them. This activity continued for almost ten
minutes. Every few
minutes he would spit in her face again. Then he pushed her
roughly off his
lap. His dick made a squishing sound as it plopped from her
asshole. She
fell to the carpet and looked up at him. He draped a leg
over each arm of
the leather chair, revealing his hairy asshole.


"You know what to do, Cunt!" She did. She knew what 
men liked. She




plunged her face into his ass, and started to wildly tongue
his asshole. She
knew he would enjoy it more if she acted like some fucking
animal in heat,
so she made little grunting noises and slobbered over the
hairy brown
asshole. Pretty good for a fourteen year old cunt, huh?
Next she made her
tongue into a point and worked it deeply into his rectum.
Wiggling her
tongue and thrusting with it at the same time, she sucked
on his ass lips
with her own lips. This went on for another ten minutes,
until her lips and
tongue were numb. Then he pushed her back onto the carpet
and Ivan ordered
her onto her hands and knees. The man knelt behind her and 
thrust his
massive leaking dick deep into her pussy. He fucked
brutally. As he plowed
her cunt, he slapped her ass cheeks and reached around and
hit her tits so
they swung from side to side Both Ivan and Jeff laughed at
that. Sherry was
almost out of her mind with pain. Only the knowledge that
after this she
would escape with her love made her feel any better.


The man grunted,"I want to get the bitch, pregnant!"
"Its the perfect time for her. It should work."


The masked man laughed and fucked the fourteen year old
girl harder and
harder. He grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her
head back.He arched
his back and tensed and shot a massive load of fuck into 
her cunt. She could
feel it filling her. Two more sprays of fuckslop entered
her, then he shoved
her off his dick, flipped her onto her back and kicked her 
legs apart. He




shoved one big toe deep into her cunt to keep the cum from
leaking out.


"I want her tits bigger, I want her hurt more, I want her
cunt stretched
more...and her asshole. And I want her trained to be a 
man's toilet paper,'
He said, fucking into her with his big toe. She grunted in
mind numbing
pain, but through the agony, she was sure she recognized
the voice.


 "We'll get right on it, Sir."


"And make sure you let me know the minute you find out
she is pregnant.
If it didn't take this time, I can fly in again next
month." he pulled his
toe out of her cunt and brought it up to her face. She
opened her mouth and
sucked her cuntslime and the cum off his big toe.


"Fucking twat is starting to learn how to behave.
Finally. She still
has a long way to go, but at least it's a start.I want
copies of the videos
of her with the dogs.She better fucking learn how to
respect dog dick!Then
you boys can get her started on pigs."


She knew him! She knew that voice, but she could not 
believe it. She
could not trust and believe her own mind. It couldn't be!


 The man roared with laughter as he fucked her mouth
with his toe. He
started to piss on her. He removed his mask. IT WAS HER 
FATHER!














Sherry sobbed in Jeff's arms when they reached the
hallway. She had just
been fucked and abused unspeakably by her own father. Her
own father! Poor
fourteen year old Sherry had always assumed that her dad
had not know what
kind of school the Killenkoff Institute Institute was, and 
that someday if
she could escape, she would return to him and the safety of
her home. Now
she knew the truth. Her father had committed her to this 
nightmare! He
wanted her to become a fucked up slut. He had used her to
unload his dick.
He had pissed on her. He wanted to see her fucked by
animals! The thought
of this was too much for Sherry's already fragile mind. She
clung to Jeff,
sobbing against his strong muscular chest, soaking his tee
shirt with her
tears. He comforted her by stroking her hair and squeezing
her tits.


 "He was...he was...." she couldn't even get the words
out. "He was my
father..." she managed at last, her small hands clutching
at Jeff's
shoulders and biceps. Her small body shook in his arms.


"Yeah, bummer!" He said, gently twisting her nipples.
"Lots of old farts
love to fuck their young daughters. That's just life.
They see all that teenage twat walking around the house,
and they just got
to fuck it! I don't really blame them. Now, we gotta hurry.
I got our escape
all planned."


"Oh Jeff. I love you so much. Can I please wash first, 
before we leave.
I have all this cum and piss up me and on me."


"Don't worry about that. There is no time. We have to
get through the




kitchen to the catering truck. I managed to bribe one of
the truck drivers
to help us. You better get down and crawl while we are in 
the hallway, so
nobody thinks anything suspicious."


Sherry sank to the floor and crawled next to her tall
handsome
boyfriend. He was her only hope. He would help her escape.
He was so
wonderful. 


Jeff looked down at the crawling teenage girl. Cum was
leaking out of her
cunt and dripping down her thigh. Her huge blown up tits
swung as she
crawled. They looked almost grotesque on her tiny body.
Dried cum covered
parts of her body and face. Sometimes, as she crawled, she
would kind of
hunch over when a cramp filled her body. The cramps came
from being fucked
so hard. Cramps could also come from having too much piss
or cum in you.
Jeff rubbed the huge hard lump in his tight pants. He would
really love to
fuck her right now, but he knew there would be time for
that later. One of
his favorite hobbies was to take a cunt that had just been
gang fucked
almost to unconsciousness and fuck her once more. Take a 
fucked up slut who
would beg him for mercy, and then tell her she had to
endure one more
fuck...from him. Jeff could be a brutal fucker.


 Sherry crawled down the hall until Jeff told her to 
stop.


"Here is the door to the kitchen. I stole this entry
card." Jeff swiped
the card through the mechanism and the door buzzed and
clicked open.




 "Okay, Sherry, you can get up now. Golabi is going to meet
us at the
loading dock."


Sherry climbed painfull to her feet. She saw a white
apron hanging on a
hook near the door and reached for it to cover her 
nakedness, but Jeff
tossed it in the corner.


 "No time for that now, honey. We'll get you some real
nice clothes when
we get a chance. Just hurry up." Jeff reached into a corner
for his own
backpack with his clothes in. He put one arm around Sherry
and ushered her
through the big dark school kitchen toward the loading
dock. The arm around
her draped over her shoulder and kept pulling at her
nipple, sending waves
of sensation through her young body. She didn't
particularly like it, but he
was her boyfriend after all, and entitled to do what he
wanted. She was a
lucky girl in away, even though she had gone through such
horror. She had
found the love of her life at fourteen. Her Prince 
Charming! He was going to
save her. Then she saw Golabi, and she hugged Jeff more
tightly.


Golabi was a six foot four inch black as coal negro from
Nigeria. He and
his family had emigrated to Europe five years earlier and
worked for a
catering business. Golabi had massive shoulders, long arms,
large hands,
strong legs, huge feet, and a lump that went half way down
one leg. He
smiled at the naked girl, and his teeth flashed white.


"Yes Sir, Mister jeff. Dey sure know how to treat 
teenage cunt in dis




place! When a cunt reach seventeen or eighteen, her looks
dey change. Dey
can be beautiful, sure, but dere is sometin' 'bout da fresh 
look of a cunt
of thirteen or fourteen dat is so fucking special!" He 
squatted down a bit
to get a better look at Sherry's pussy.


"My, my, look at dat teenage cunt. Dat sure been fucked.
She must be some
real slut, huh? Bet she jus' can't get enough cock to
please her. My little
sister is like dat. My daddy and my brothers and me all
fuck her all da
time, but we jus' can't seem to satisfy dat nasty teenage
twat. Oh she cry
and pretend like she don' want it. But you know how cunts
are. Dey always
say dey don't want it, but da pussy is itchin' for it all
da same. Cunts
dat age jus can't get enough cock."


Sherry whimpered and hugged Jeff more tightly.
"We'd better get out of here before they miss her."
Jeff said.


 "Sure ting! You jus' climb in da back of da truck. I
even put a blanket
back dere for you , so you comfortable if you wants to fuck 
or anyting. I
get us out of dis place in no time. You jus' leave
everyting up to Golabi."


Sherry and Jeff climbed into the rear of the catering
truck. She was so
exhausted that she sank down onto the blanket while Jeff 
shut the doors.
Soon the truch took off. Jeff sat on the floor next to 
Sherry and played
wit her nipples and gently fingered her pussy.


"Jeff, I am so sore down there. It hurts too much when 
you touch it."
Sherry just wanted to sleep.




 "I'm sorry, baby, but your pussy is sweet, I just can't 
keep my hands
off it." He spread her sore swollen cunt lips and gently
pulled on her
clit. His other hand worked her nipples.


"How does that feel honey, any better?"
"It hurts, but I want to make you happy, Jeff. I love
you so much."


"You know what would make me happy? To let me fuck
you. May I fuck you,
baby?" He worked one finger up into her cunt. The truck 
rocked and rumbled.


 "Jeff, I am so ashamed at what has happened to me. I
have been fucked by
so many men, and dogs, and so many horrible things have
been done to me. How
can you even still want me?"


"Hush! I want you, Sherry because you are my girl. Soon
all of this will
be behind us. I want you now more than ever. You being gang
fucked and
turned into a cockslut doesn't stop me from wanting you. In
fact it turns me
on. The fact that you have had dog dick in your cunt,
doesn't make me want
you any less. Jesus, if I don't get my pants off, my dick
is going to snap
in two." Jeff quickly stripped off his shirt and pants,
shoes and socks.
Now he was as naked as she was. His tan muscular body shown
in the tiny
interior light in the back of the catering truck. His big
thick dick bobbed
and dripped.


"I'm so sore down there, I don't know if I can take 
another cock. Jeff,
maybe I could just suck you off for now?"


"Sherry, I really need to fuck you. I'll be real
gentle, I promise."




 Well, of course, like most boys, he wasn't gentle at
all. He slammed his
dick as deep and hard into her cunt as he could. The
bouncing truck made it
a particularly rough fuck. Sherry thought her cunt would be
ruptured for
good. Jeff was balls deep in her, grinding his hips, his
muscular ass globes
tensing and relaxing with each thrust, his balls slapping
her. He grunted as
he tried to force still more dick up into her. And then he
came. He blasted
his cum deep into her womb.


His toes dug into the floor of the truck. He arched his
back and flooded
her cunt with cum. "Take it, Bitch. Oh what a fucking hot
bitch you are!
What a fucking cunt! What a fucking dick dump!"


Sherry wasn't bothered by his language. She knew boys
loved to talk dirty
during sex. He was her boyfriend, her love.


Then he pulled out and rolled over, a string of fuck
draping over
Sherry's thigh.


"You want to clean me off, Sherry?" he asked casually.


She leaned over him and began to lick his dick clean.
She licked up his
cum, and pussy slop, and some of her father's cock slop,
and urine, and God
knows what else. She licked the fat softening dick 
lovingly. This was her
boyfriend's cock. She had to treat is special. Then the
truck rumbled to a
stop.


"Where are we?" Sherry whispered.


"I don't know. We can't be far enough away from the
school yet. We are
supposed to go to Golabi's house for the night and then up
to a cabin in the
Alps tomorrow. I hope nothing is wrong.




 The rear door to the truck opened and there stood
Golabi with a
flashlight. He had a big smile on his face.


"Nuttin' to worry about. Everyting okay. We passed
through the gates
jus' fine. Dey didn't even stop me. But now I am sure horny
after all dat
excitement. I need to collect some of my pay. Right now, if
you don' mind."


"What does, he mean, darling?" Sherry asked.


"Well you seek Sherry, I don't have a lot of money,
and we need all we
have for food and supplies. So...well..I had to promise
Golabi that if he
helped us escape, he could fuck you."


Sherry sobbed. " NO! I can't take any more tonight. I
just can't. My
pussy hurts so badly."


Jeff grabbed her rather roughly. "Listen Sherry, I am
putting my life
on the line here to help you escape. Don't be so fucking
selfish. I thought
you loved me and cared about me! All you got to do is let
him fuck you!"


Sherry clung to Jeff. "Can't it wait until tomorrow. 
Please?"


 "Sorry, Missy, but I need to fuck now. My dick is
really hurtin'."
Golabi climbed up into the truck and shucked off his
clothes in five seconds
flat. Sherry gasped when she saw the size of his cock. It 
wasn't even fully
erect and it was already over a foot long. She had never
seen a dick that
big.


Golabi smiled again and frigged his fat fucker a bit.
'Yeah, my family
all hung like horses. Not one of us is under twelve inches.
Lot's of young




twat can't even take us, say we ruin dem for life. But don' 
you worry none.
I gonna treat you so special. You gonna love it. I gonna
take you to fuck
Heaven!"


 Even Jeff's dick got hard again looking at the
obscenely massive fucker
on the black man. How could Sherry's cunt possibly take all
of that? This
was going to be fucking hot.


"Now Sherry, you have to help both of us here. If you
want to escape and
have a life with me, then you just have to let Golabi fuck
you. You have to
be real good to him and do whatever he wants. That was the 
only way I could
pay him."


"Spread dem legs wide. I want to see up into dat
teenage cunt! Holy
Christ, what a fucking slut you mus' be. Your cunt lips is
all swollen to
Jesus."


 "I ...I was brutally raped." Sherry protested, trying
to maintain a
shred of dignity.


"Yeah, and I bet you loved every minute of it. Don't you 
worry, you gonna
feel my dick in places you ain't never felt no dick before.
Now how 'bout
sucking on dis here plum sized knob to get me nice and wet 
so it goes in
easier. I like's my big saggy balls licked and sucked too,
so get to work,
bitch. We ain't got all night. Dey be looking for you soon
enough."


"Hurry up, Sherry start sucking his dick." Jeff
encouraged,
masturbating his own cock.


Every muscle in the poor fourteen year old's body ached,
but she




struggled to her knees, Jeff's fuckslop running down her
thighs, and she
opened her mouth to the gigantic black cock bobbing and 
dripping in front
of her.














Jeff watched as the big Nigerian Golabi fucked poor
fourteen year old Sherry
almost senseless. The six foot four inch negro fucked like
some kind of wild
animal. He didn't just pound his over twelve and a half
inch prick into
sherry's sore pussy, he twisted his hips and jabbed, trying
to bring as much
pain as he could to the poor cunt he was plowing. In fact,
one couldn't even
call Sherry's twat a pussy any longer. A pussy is the soft
delicate slit
belonging to a nubile young girl. What Sherry now had was a
stretched and
raw cunthole. Her inner cunt lips hung out and her clit was
elongated. Her
cunt mound was swollen. After all, she had been fucked over 
and over every
day for weeks now. She had been gang fucked until her
fuckhole was large
enough to shove a baseball bat into it. And one had been
shoved into it. Her
asshole was in no better shape. Could this fourteen year
old ever be
repaired? Would any amount of physical and mental therapy
ever make her
whole again?


Golabi licked Sherry's face as he mauled her huge tits,
squeezing them so
hard that red finger prints stayed on her milk white tit
flesh when he left
off, only to grab her even harder in a new tit milking
position. He pushed
his dick harder into her cunt as he stopping licking her
face long enough to
hawk gobs of spit down into her eyes and over her nose and
mouth. Then he
lowered his black face and started to chew on her nipples.


"Oh God, Oh, God, he's going to kill me," Sherry
thought, and to be




honest, she was not longer sure she preferred life to
death. Her delicate
teenage mind and body could no longer take the abuse.


Golabi pulled his twelve and a half inch dick out of her
cunt with a
suctioning sound that caused Jeff's erection to leak pre
fuck. Then Golabi
rammed his prick balls deep into her asshole with one
thrust.


 "UGHHHHHH!" Sherry made a kind of grunting sound as she
felt the massive
black dick force it's way deep into her bowels. Golabi took
one big black
hand and shoved four fingers deep into her cunt.


 "You fucking white bitches are all the same. You have
no respect for
manhood! You do not know how to respect the cock!" He 
shouted in her face,
more spittle flying onto her."


The fuck lasted over an hour. He switched from cunt to 
asshole over and
over again, torturing the poor girl, but never shooting a
load himself. He
also crawled up several times and squatted over Sherry's
face and fed his
huge black snake into her pretty, young mouth. As he fucked
her face he sang
some rhythmic African song.


"That song is really cool, Golbai, what does it mean?"
jeff asked.
Golabi laughed and shoved his dick down Sherry's
throat.


 "Little white brother, it means, 'A pretty white girl's
face is only good
for one thing, to suck black cock. Her face is a hole to
shove my huge black
fuckmeat into. White girls must not speak, they must keep
their mouth full
of cock! They must suck cock all night and all day. That is
all their mouths




are made for!" He laughed again, his big white teeth
glistening in the dim
truck interior light. Then he sang the song again, as
Sherry choked beneath
his pound prick, spit and cock slop spraying out of the
corners of her
fucked mouth. He sang the song again in his native 
language. Jeff really
liked the sound of it. The rhythm of his face fucking fit
perfectly with the
song and enhanced it.


Eventually even Golabi had to unload. He told Sherry he
would make a nice
black baby in her cunt, and rammed home one more time. He 
arched his strong
black back, and his black assglobes tightened as he sprayed
his Nigerian cum
deep into her womb. Then he pulled out and stood up over
Sherry's shaking
body. His huge rubbery black dick dripped cum down onto
her.


 "Lick me clean, Bitch!"


 Sherry was so fucked out she didn't even move. Jeff,
his hard on in his
hand, hurried over to her.


 "Sherry, show Golabi proper respect. Lick him clean and
thank him." Up
close, Jeff couldn't believe the size of the black man's 
dick. Even hanging
there half flaccid, the cockhead was as large as a plum!


"Oh God...OH God...." Sherry moaned. The black man
gently kicked her with
his huge naked foot. She blinked, spit clogging her eyes.
She sat up. The
huge prick swung in front of her face. She put out her
tongue and caught a
strong of cum. She then proceeded to lick the big dickhead.
At fourteen, she
knew it was important for a girl to always lick a boy's
dick clean after a




fuck. She licked the stalk of the prick and then
underneath, the huge,
swinging nuts in their dark leathery sack.


"Dats a good bitch. You know how to treat a man! Dey
teach you real good
at dat school! Sure enough! Now I drive you to my home
where you will hide
for all night. In tomorrow morning, I drive you up into da
mountains where
you will be safe."


He grabbed his clothes and climbed out of the truck and
closed the door,
once more sealing Jeff and Sherry in.


"Oh God, Jeff, I hurt so bad. I hurt so bad, I can't 
stand it."


Jeff sat down on the floor with his back against one
wall. He pulled his
hooded sweatshirt on over his naked chest to keep warm.
Sherry crawled on
hands and knees over to him, cum running out of her fucked 
cunt.
"Jeff, I don't think I can go on. I don't have the 
strength."


"Shhh, don't talk like that, baby. We are almost to
safety, and then we
can live together and be lovers forever and have a really
good life. You
just gotta hold out a little longer. I am so sorry I had to
let Golabi fuck
you, but you know we had no money or anything else to trade
for our freedom.
Crawl on over here and put your head on my lap, baby, I'll
rub your poor
battered body to keep you warm."


Sherry curled up in a fetal position, her body shaking
with pain and
cold, and she rested her head on Jeff's strong thigh. It
made her feel much
better. He was so handsome and so kind. He was her hero. He 
stroked her




hair, trying to avoid the drying black man spit as much as
he could. He
reached into his back pack and pulled out a tissue and
wiped her face clean.
She felt safe in his arms. Then he turned her head slightly
so he could rub
his cockhead against her swollen lips.


"Her you are, baby!" he said gently feeding her his
dick.


 She didn't protest. Even though her mouth was sore and
her tongue and
lips ached, still she didn't protest. After all, he was her
boyfriend. Her
love. He gently fed his dick to her, humming the same
African song he had
heard Golabi singing, reminding himself that he had to get
him to write down
those clever lyrics.


They rode that way for hours, Sherry gently sucking on
his dick. Once he
unloaded a really full load of fuck into her mouth, and she
swallowed it. He
said it would sooth her sore throat. She she sucked his 
flaccid dick, like a
baby sucking on a mother's nipple. Jeff loved nothing
better than to sleep
with a chick sucking on his dick all night. So he fell into
a deep relaxed
sleep.


Then the truck stopped and the door opened. A smiling
Golabi waved a hand
behind him. "Welcome, to my humble home!" He said.


Jeff rubbed his eyes, pulled his spitty dick from
Sherry's mouth and
wiped in in her hair. He stood up and pulled on his pants,
shoes and socks.


 "let's go honey, now we can get some decent rest for a 
while." 
"Isn't there anything for me to wear?" Sherry asked,
reaching for Jeff's




backpack.


"Not in there." he said grabbing it. "Sorry, the one
thing we forgot was
to pack clothes for you. Oh well, I think you look just
beautiful that way."


Golabi nodded as he helped Sherry down from the truck.


"I agree. Beautiful white cunts should be kept bare
assed naked all the
time. That way, they are always ready for fucking!"


Golabi led the way up the path toward the cottage. It
was a very plain,
simple, roughly made house, with no special features. Smoke
tumbled out of
the chimney, and it made Sherry think of warmth and rest.
Jeff put one arm
around her shoulder and walke with her that way, toying
with her nipple.


"You know baby, your tits are getting so beautiful. The
nipples are
almost grotesque. That's one good thing that came out of
your time at the
Institute...they sure enhanced your tits. I know it's
terribly painful and
awkward for you, but you know that every guy likes girls
with big tits, and
I have to admit, I am no different. Your udders are really
something."


They got to the door, and Golabi opened it and ushered
them inside.


 Sherry, bring totally naked was the least prepared for
the sight that
greeted them. At least a dozen black men sat around the 
cabin, drinking and
talking. All eyes turned toward her. Conversation stopped
and they stared at
her naked tits and cunt.


 "What's this?" Jeff asked, his voice filled with 
youthful innocence.
Golabi shut the door behind them. "This is my family, and
friends of mine




who also work for the same catering company. We are all
from Nigeria. Golabi
put one arm on Sherry and gently walked her into the room.
Jeff stepped
back. 


"My friends. I want you to meet Sherry. Is she not a
beautiful piece of
white cunt meat? She is only fourteen years old, but
already she sucks and
fucks like a complete whore. I was telling her while I
fucked her that every
man in my family has a cock that is more than twelve inches
long. Most of my
fellow countrymen do as well. Her boyfriend is Jeff. Make
him feel at home.
Give him some food and drink. He has agreed to pay for
their escape from the
Killenkoff Institute by letting all of us fuck his little
girlfriend all
night."


"Jeff......" Sherry wailed, almost collapsing, but being
caught by strong
black hands who felt her tits and cunt.


 "See here, Golabi...I never said you could have your
family and friends
fuck her. Only you." Jeff's hand once again rubbed his dick
lump while he
protested.


"Oh I know. I know. But you know how things go. I spoke
of our
arrangement to my father, who told my brothers, who told my
friends.Now they
say if they cannot all fuck her, they will report us to the
Institute. So
you see we have no choice. There must be one grand fuck
party tonight, and
tomorrow, I take you to safety.


"She's pretty worn out. I don't know how much more she
can handle."




 "She'll be fine once she starts tasting all this fine
black cock. You
know how sluts are, they cannot get enough."


A mattress was thrown down onto the floor in the middle 
of the room, and
the twelve black men, aged between seventeen and seventy
started to strip
off their clothing.


"Let me pour you a drink, Jeff, and we can watch the 
show!" Golabi smiled
and shoved Sherry down onto the mattress. Sherry was sure
that even one more
fuck would kill her. She was after all, only fourteen years
old!














All night long the twelve Nigerian niggers fucked fourteen
year old
Sherry with their grotesquely huge black dicks. Jeff jerked
off three times
just watching, but then lost interest and went off to eat
something. Still
the sounds of those massive pricks squishing in and out of
her cunt and
asshole was distracting. She cried at first, but soon she 
had a fat black
cock stuffing her throat as well and all jeff heard were
choking and gagging
sounds. 


Before they fucked her, the twelve black men stood
around her and jerked
off on her face. They did this not only to cover her
delicate fourteen year
old visage with nigger spooge, but also to release their
pent up fuck need,
so that once they actually started to fuck her, they could
go for a longer
time. The sight of Sherry's pretty face covered in glops
and strings of cum,
really turned Jeff on. He loved how the fuckslime ran down
her cheeks,
clotted in her nose and dripped between her lips into her
mouth. She looked
so fucking helpless, and every teenage boy knows that a
twat is never so
alluring as when she looks totally helpless.


 After he ate, he went back to have another look. Poor 
sherry, tits
swinging, was now on her hands and knees,taking dick in her
ass and mouth,
with a third muscular black lying beneath her, about to
insert his baseball
bat thick hunk of fuckmeat into her stretched and fucked 
raw pussy. While he
did this, he tugged hard on her long pouty nipples. Each
time the black




fucking her ass pulled out, some of her pink rectum lining
came out with the
dick and she pushed back to ease the pain, but the fucker
pulling on her
nipples wouldn't let her move much. The rapist in her mouth
was balls deep,
and his huge black scrotum slapped her chin and flopped
beneath it.


 Jeff decided to get some sleep, so he went into the
other room and curled
up with a blanket on the floor. He was soon sound asleep.
He woke once
during the night to take a piss, which he had to do outside
as there was no
indoor plumbing in the cabin. When he entered, he took at
look at Sherry,
only to discover that Two niggers had their massive dicks
up her cunt at the
same time. Her fuckhole was stretched wide enough to give
birth to a baby.
She was groaning out of her mind with pain. Still a third
Nigerian was
trying to maneuver to get his dick up her asshole at the
same time.Jeff
shook his head. These guys sure were inventive when it came
to fucking.


Early in the morning, Jeff noticed that the fucking had
stopped. The
blacks were sprawled all over the place fast asleep,
flaccid dicks still
huge and dripping fuckslop. Jeff went over to Sherry, who
was lying on a
thin mattress, looking more dead than alive.


"Sherry, Sherry honey, are you okay?" He asked. Not 
really wanting to
touch her because she was literally coated with cum. Dried
cum covered her
face, globbed in her hair, coated her tits where she had 
been titty fucked.
It ran from her cunt and asshole.




 "Jesus, you are a fucking mess, Sherry, are you okay?"


She stirred in her sleep. "Huh...what?" Then she jerked
and her eyes
opened wide in shock. She stared around like a frightened
animal. Then she
noticed Jeff. 


"Oh, Jeff. They hurt me so bad. My pussy is stretched so
big, I don't
think it will ever close. And my asshole hurts terribly.
She reached out for
him. He took one of her hands, and his hand was immediately
coated with cum.
She coughed and cum ran from her nose.


"Jesus Christ you are a fucking mess!" She looked up
into his eyes, her
own filled with terror.


 "Help me Jeff. Get me out of here. Please. Get me to
safety. I love you
so much!" 


"I love you so much too, Sherry. You did real good. I am
so sorry about
all of this, but we just have to pay for our escape
somehow. And we have to
insure their silence. What could we do? In a few hours 
we'll be away from
here. Sherry I have a big favor to ask you."


 "What is is Jeff? Her lower lip trembled and the cum
ran from her nose
to her mouth. 


"Honey, do you still love me? Or now that you have
experienced nigger
dick, will you only want black cock? I heard that once a
girl goes that
direction, she doesn't want a white guy ever again."


"Jeff, how can you say that. Look at my cunt. They have
almost ruined
me. My pussy lips are so raw they are bleeding and my clit
is hanging out. I
am seriously hurt. How could I ever want them instead of 
you?"




 "But how do I know for sure. How can I ever be sure?" 
"Jeff...I love you."
"Then will you prove it to me by sucking my dick?"
"Oh my God, Jeff, how can you? I have just been fucked
all night!"


"I know, but how can I ever be sure. And I got so
horny watching you do
it to other guys. I love you so much. I got so jealous. I
want you for my
own. Please. Please Sherry. I won't fuck you or anything.
Just suck my dick
for me. I'll be real gentle."


The temptation to further degrade a fucked out slut is 
not uncommon among
teenage boys. Boys seeing a cunt getting a good workover,
find themselves
terribly aroused. They want to participate somehow in the
abuse. This is a
normal teenage reaction. Jeff's dick was rock hard.


"Oh Jeff, I hurt so much, and I hardly slept at all."
"I knew it, you don't love me any more." Jeff pouted
every so slightly.


"I do. I do love you. You are my savior and my hero.All
right, Jeff, if
it will make you feel secure, I will suck your dick. But
please be careful.
My lips are so swollen and my tongue and throat are really
sore."


 "Oh God, I love you so much." Jeff said shucking off his
pants to reveal
his big dripping dick. Suddenly, the thought of touching
nigger cum was
banished from his mind as disgusting. In fact, he thought
it was kind of
hot. He grabbed her hair to tilt her head in the proper
direction. She
moaned with pain as every single muscle in her body ached.
He then took the
fat head of his dick and scooped some of the nigger jizz
off her face. Then




when his dick was really coated with the cocksnot, he
nudged it into her
mouth. 


"Oh yeah baby. Just wait until we are safe hidden away
in our cabin in
the mountains. You can suck me like this every day. You can
sleep all night
with my dick in your mouth. It will be so great up there.
Just you, me, and
my dogs. Suck harder honey. Wait, let me take it out and 
scoop up some more
cum. I like it when my dick is totally covered with the cum 
of the guys who
fucked you. That is so hot. Now suck it all off. That a
girl! You know some
people don't think fucking a girl's face is romantic. They
are so nuts. I
think it is so romantic. It is the ultimate display of love
and affection.
Here take it out of your mouth for a minute and lick my
balls. Jesus,
Sherry, I love you. Really lick those nuts. Man, you
learned a lot of great
technique at the Killenkoff Institute in just a very short
time. You suck a
guys nuts like a fucking pro."


Poor battered fucked fourteen year old Sherry, lay there
with Jeff's big
scrotum stuffed into her mouth. Suddenly, Golabi was there
watching them.


"You sure do know how to treat your bitch! Here, get
her sucking your
dick again, while I shove my cock into her pussy."


Jeff's balls plopped out of her mouth and slapped her
face....


 "No, Jeff, don't let him fuck me again. I am too sore.
He'll kill
me..please Jeff, don't let him....." before she could say
more, Jeff's fat




leaking cock plowed it's way into her mouth, sending spit
and cum and snot
all over the place.


"That's it baby, that is so good. Oh shit, you are a
great cocksucker.
Holy fuck, I'm gonna blow....."


He grabbed her ears and pulled her face into his pubic
mound, shoving his
entire throbbing dick down her throat. She screamed when
Golabi fucked his
thick black cock into her ravaged pussy, but the sound was
muffled by cock.


Golabi fucked fast and furious, as he knew Jeff was 
about to blow. He
reached down and grabbed her clit and yanked on it. She
screamed and her
body bucked and that was exactly what both men needed to
shoot.


 They brought her a pail of water from outside to wash
the fuck and blood
and snot and ass slime off her body. She hurt so badly she
could hardly
move. Then Jeff got dressed to leave with her. Just then a
tall black man
knocked on the door of the house and Golabi answered. He 
turned to Jeff and
Sherry with a very serious look on his face. The other 
Nigerians were now
awake and sipping coffee. Most of them were still naked. 
Their dicks even
in a flaccid state were obscenely huge.


"We have trouble my friend. The School. It has issued a
description of
The cunt, with photographs. They say she has been
kidnapped. If any one
stops us, it will be very bad for all of us."


Sherry who was clean at last, but still had a very red
swollen cunt and
asshole, hugged Jeff.


"Oh my God. What can we do?"




 Golabi smiled his big toothed bright smile. "Never 
fear, my friends.
You have been very kind to Golabi and his friends and
family. So I shall
help you. We will disguise the cunt so no one will
recognize her!"


Jeff looked amazed. Disguise her, how? How can you
change her looks?"
Golabi smiled again and stood over them. Shit, he was 
tall.


 "Easily. First we will dye her hair a different color
and cut it. Then we
will pierce her tongue like the teenagers do today. The
description says
nothing about a pierce of the tongue, so the authorities
will think it is
not her. Then, to disguise her body to further throw them
off the track. We
will pierce her nipples and insert large silver rings. The
girl Sherry from
the school has no such rings. And then we will also pierce
her clit and
pussy lips! That way no one will ever recognize her and she 
will be safe to
travel!" 


Sherry was wide eyed with horror. Her mouth was open in
shock. She
clutched Jeff for her life.


 Jeff turned to Sherry and looked deep into her eyes.
"Sherry, I think it's a really good idea!"
















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-03-25T00:27:00Z
  2007-03-25T00:27:00Z
  11
  1522
  8678
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  72
  20
  10180
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






They lovingly
dyed Sherry's hair to help with the disguise.

She was so
disoriented, she was not even certain what was 

going on. Imagine
being a fourteen year old girl and being

fucked
continually in all your holes for days and days. You

would be disoriented
too. Jeff consoled her. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Baby, this
is a really good idea that Golabi had. We 

will disguise
your face and body so that even if they

suspect it is
you, they will have no way to prove it. The

we will be
totally safe.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Golabi held up an
object. It was a spike with a ball he

size of a marble
on one end. It looked like a large

earring for
pierced ears.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Are
you...are you going to pierce my ears?&quot; Sherry

asked, as two
strong black men held her arms and two more

held her legs.
The rest gathered around to stare at her

naked tits and
pussy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;That is a
most excellent idea. We will pierce your ears

too, because your
file will say you do not have pierced

ears. This will
be an excellent disguise. But no, this

object is to
pierce your tongue! You see the large silver

ball rests on top
of the tongue, the spike goes through the

tongue, and then
it is fastened underneth the tongue.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry squirmed
but the blacks, all smiling insanely,

held her down.
Jeff leaned in. &quot;Easy baby&quot; he said,

rubbing his own
thickening dick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;But with
that huge stud in my mouth, how will I be able

to talk...to
eat?&quot; Sherry protested.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh you will
be able to eat just fine. True, our tastes

buds may not
access the food as easily, but there is no 

problem eating. I
have known younger girls who have much

larger tongue
piercings. It is most fashionable.When you

talk it will give
you a delightful lisp....besides, girls

talk too much
anyway. Any my dear, when you suck the cock

of your dear boyfriend,
you will give him extreme pleasure

as the stud rubs
the bottom of his dick!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh fuck, I
can't wait...&quot; Jeff said, his prick now

fully erect,
standing nicely over his full young ballsack. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Do I have
to?&quot; Sherry asked, a cry in her teenage 

voice. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�&quot;Baby, listen to Golabi, he knows what is
best for you.

You want to
escape from that school, don't you?

&quot;Sadly, I
have no anesthetic...but I know you are a

brave girl.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

While Golabi
performed the operation, the other negroes

stood around
frigging their huge dripping nigger dicks. If

Sherry didn't
know it was for her own good, for her

disguise, she
would have thought she was the center of some

kind of obscene
sex show. Golabi pulled her tongue out and

then clamped it
with some kind of wooden clamp. She could

not put it back
in her mouth.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;You should
exercise with one of these for an hour every

day...it
stretches your tongue. Makes it much better when

you stick it up
your boyfriend's asshole.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah, I am
going to want a lot of that!&quot; Jeff said, 

scooping some
dick drip from his fat pisshole and rubbing

it on her tit. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry's scream
filled the cabin as Golabi shoved the 

spike through her
tongue. The naked black men and boys

standing around
jerked their fuckmeat harder and their 

balls bounced in
rhythm.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry felt a
blinding pain in her tongue, then her mouth

was flooded wit
blood and her tongue felt thick. Golabi

soaked up the
blood and then applied the metal ball to the

end of the spike.
The fucking thing practically filled 

Sherry's mouth.
She knew she would barely be able to speak

at all. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;This is
good. It will also change your voice to help

with the
disguise. Now we must insert the nipple rings.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh Fuck,
Yeah!&quot; Jeff moaned, actually yanking on his

dick, and putting
one hand behind him to rub his asshole.

He was not
embarrassed because all around him black men 

were masturbating
in similar fashion, some playng with 

their man
nipples, some rubbing their huge balls, some just

using both hands
on their fuckmeat. We all know that men 

become complete
animals when the need to fuck overtakes

them. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Golabi produced
two wrings as large as the tops of a can

of vegetables.
Huge rings..larger than bracelets. Thick

too!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�&quot;Those?&quot; Sherry pulled back, but the
blacks held her 

still.
&quot;Can't you put in smaller ones?&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Smaller
ones will not show through your clothing. You

don't want them
to strip you to identify you, do you? These

rings will show
through any top you wear. They will see you

have ringed tits,
and it will help.&quot; Golabi slapped

Sherrry's huge
tits to perk them up. The nipples which had

been tortured
ever since Sherry got to Killenkoff, stuck up

like fucking
pencil erasers. Or like teats on a sow. Jeff 

preferred to
think of them like that. He loved sow tits on 

his bitches. The
fact that Sherry was only fourteen, made

it all the more
delicious. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Now a young naked
black boy stepped forward. He was the

youngest member
of the black group. He was naked and very

thin. His eight
inch erection looked obscene on his small 

body. It dripped
a long string of prick drool.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;This is my
thirteen year old nephew Ashanti. He is

going to insert
the titty rings. He is just learning and

has never done
this before. Forgive him, if he is a bit

rough.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Ashanti smiled
and worked her nipples with his

fingers, rolling
the thick rubbery nubs.

&quot;Please
Jeff, for the love of God, I don't want rings in

my nipples.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Courge
baby,&quot; jeff said, jerking his dick and fingering

his ass,
&quot;You know it's for your own good. It's to help us

both
escape.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Ashanti was
terribly rough. He rammed the pointed

metal of the
first hoop through the nipple flesh. Sherry's

scream caused the
men in the room to frig their black

peckers harder
and faster. Golabi was holding Sherry's head

still, and he now
started to rub his erect leaking dick on

her face.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;You are going to be so beautiful my
pretty little

cuntlet. And
look, Mohabi, who is a real artist, has made 

little tags to
hang from the rings with Jeff's name on. Now

you really do
belong to him. Young love is so beautiful.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Fucking
A....&quot; grunted Jeff, leaving his throbbing,

swinging,
dripping dick for a moment to tug and squeeze his

egg sized
nuts.&quot;She's my girl all right!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�Ashanti used the goo from his pisshole to lube
the rings

before piercing
them through the nipples. He then reached

down and took one
of Sherry's hands and placed it on his

teenage dick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Masturbate
him while he pierces you. It is a custom 

among our people.
Of course among our people, only the

cheapest sluts
and whores get such piercings.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry's hand
automatically began pumping the boy's

greasy dick. Soon
both her titty tips sported heavy rings.

They pulled her
nipples with every move of her body.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;One
advantage of them is that they will keep you

constantly in
heat...constantly aroused. It is the constant

tugging at your
nipples that does it.' Golabi smiled and 

held up a smaller
stud with a ball on each end.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;And
now...for your clitty piercing.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Nooooooooo&quot;
Sherry wailed and tried to break loose, but

it was no use.
Thirteen year old Ashanti was already

digging between
her cunt lips, trying to grab her clit.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;The clit stud
will prove you are not whom they think!

Most ingenious,
yes? Even is they strip you, they will find

you are not you.
also the clit stud will keep you on the

verge of orgasm
every time you even walk. You will

constantly be in
need of sex, of fucking. There will be

constant clit
stimulation. Oh look how fascinated Ashanti 

is with your
clit. Aren't thirteen year old boys cute!&quot;

Golabi and all
the men in the room laughed.

Ashanti was
tugging at the clitty trying to get it long

enough to pierce
it.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please
God...oh, it hurts so badly...&quot; Jeff stood right

over her face, so
when her masturbated, his dick leak 

poured down onto
her nose and mouth. Here he was in his

late teens, and
he still got a thrill covering a girl's

face in his
pre-fuck and spooge. Something about the fact

that it actually
came from his dick, I think. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry writhed
once the clitty stud was in. It irritated 

and stimulated
her cunt terribly.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;And now two
rings through the cunt lips themselves.&quot; It

never seemed to
stop. The pain..the humiliation...the

irritation...the
throbbing in her body. Huge rings through 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

the cunt lips..so
that they could be seen if she wore pants

or shorts or a
bathing suit.

&quot;And now two
rings through the asshole lips.&quot; On and on!

&quot;And now a
nice big ring right through the skin between

the pussy and the
asshole!&quot;

&quot;And last,
and most painful...but most necessary for the

disguise.. A ring
through her nose!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry screamed
until she lost her voice. They were

going to put a
large ring through her nose, like she was

some kind of
prize bull or something!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh fuck,
yeah, that will be excellent for the

disguise,&quot;
jeff said, holding his dick closer to her face,

so he could cum
right on her nose and mouth. &quot;Here's some

fuck to make it
less painful, darling.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

He shot off all
over her face, and Ashanti did indeed use 

the cum as lube
to make the piercing easier. Then They

stepped back and
looked at the pierced and ringed girl.

Then all the
black men stepped in and jerked off, shooting

on her tits, cunt
and face. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Your
disguise is complete. They will never know you!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Unless they
find you here, of course. You two must

leave at once. If
they should find you here, they will know

who you are even
if you do look different. So Pack and

leave
quickly!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Shit, yeah,
I'll need a couple of extra pairs of shirts

and pants.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry could
hardly speak, her voice was gone and the

stud was through
her swollen tongue. &quot;Mee thooo....I need 

thum clothhhes.&quot;


&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;I've got
clothes for you up at the cabin. You shouldn't

put anything on
now, it might cause infection in the 

rings.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sherry
sobbed and tried to cover her tits and cunt, 

causing the rings
to clang together, making a most

delightful sound.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Just then, the
door to the cabin swung opened and a lanky

black yough,
breathing heavily rushed in.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;They are
coming up the road, about two miles down. Men

from the school.
And they have guns!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-05-08T01:49:00Z
  2007-05-08T01:49:00Z
  9
  1310
  7471
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  62
  17
  8764
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Golabi sprang
into action. He was a master of control 

Sherry was still
in

extreme pain from
getting pierced in her tits and clit and

asshole and pussy

lips. The ring
through her nose hurt with a dull throb. She

was disoriented

and confused. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;We must
hide her. If they find her, we will all be put

to death! Jeff

you must get out
of here. If they find you alone you may be

able to talk

your way out of
it, telling them you were never with her.

They have no

proof. We will
hide here here, she is in no condition to 

travel. Then we

will bring her to
your cabin. This is our only hope.

Sherry, come with
me

quickly.&quot;
two giant black's grabbed little Sherry and half

carried, half

dragged her
outside. Her little cunt throbbed with pain.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Jeff, don't
leave me. Please Jeff, I love you!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;I love you
too Sherry, but we gotta trust these guys.

I'll see you at

the cabin.&quot;
Jeff grabbed his knapsack and headed off up a

path through the

woods. Sherry
sobbed to see him go. Now the abused little

fourteen year old

was alone with
all the negroes.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Hurry
little one, they are almost here. There is only

one place I can

think of that
they will not search for you. One place in

the whole camp
that

is totally
safe.&quot; They led Sherry up the path....toward 

the OUTHOUSE!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;You want to hide me in the outhouse? But
what if one 

of them wants to

use the
toilet?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Golabi chuckled.
&quot;No no, my dear. Not in the outhouse.

Underneath the

outhouse.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�Three strong blacks shoved on the walls of the
wooden

shithouse and it

tilted. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry was still
confused. &quot;You have a secret hiding

place under

there?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Golabi smiled his
big smile. He reached out and took her

sore pierced

nipples in his
hands and twisted. She gasped in pain.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;You are
such a sweet young bitch. But like all

bitches,very
stupid. No

we do not have a
secret hiding place under the outhouse. We

are going to

hide you in the
shit pit! No one will ever think to look

for you there. We

just dug a new
shitpit a month ago, so it's not too full 

yet.&quot; The

overwhelming
stench rising from the waste pit beneath the

outhouse almost

knocked Sherry
out. The hole was filled with shit at least

two feet deep.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;I can't. I
can't hide in there. There must be someplace

else!&quot; She
was

frozen with
horror. Her young naked body went rigid, and

her big fat

pierced tits
trembled and shook. &quot;I can't do that!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Golabi grbbed her
nipples again. He did love them so.

&quot;Look,
Bitch. If

they find you, we
will all be killed. Now, we have been

really kind to
you.

Do you want to
put us in danger?&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Another of the
black men holding her started to finger

her cuntslit.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;Spread your legs a little.&quot; He
whispered in her ear,

and for some
reason

she automatically
obeyed. What was happening to her? He 

dug two fingers

deep into her
pussy and worked them back and forth.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�&quot;That's a good little cumdump. Now you
listen to us. We

know what is

best.&quot;
Golabi was twisting her nipples and in spite of the

pain, she got

aroused. He
breathing grew heavy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;What a hot
little slut you are. You just want it all

the time, don't

you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;No, please,
I don't want.....but when you do that to

me... I....&quot;


A finger went up
her asshole too.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh honey,
you need it so bad. Don't you worry. As soon

as these bad men

from the
Institute leave, we are going to give you what you

need. All of our

cocks over and
over, just for you....in you...on you. Our

big black dicks!

Then we gonna
take you to meet your boyfriend. And then

your troubles be

over!&quot;
Golabi smiled a big toothy smile and kissed Sherry

on the mouth. He

forced his tongue
deep into her mouth and she was filled

with his saliva.

The other black
frigged her cunt with his fingers until she

felt an orgasm

approaching. The
finger in her ass fucked in and out

rapidly.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The shudder of a
crashing orgasm wracked Sherry's tiny

body. Her big

tits wobbled and
shook. Golabi roared with laughter. The he

led her to the

edge of the shit
pit.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now in you
go honey! You know what we gonna do? We

gonna have to

restrain you, so
you don't move around too much. The bad

men might hear a

commotion of the
shit sloshing if you move too much. So we

just gonna

restrain you for
your own good here in the bottom of the

shit pit.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�Golabi and the other two blacks had put on
high rubber

waders...like

boots that turned
into pants. They then stepped down into

the outouse shit

pit. The shit was
two feet high just as it seemed. They

pulled the terror

stricken Sherry
down into the pit and then forced her down 

into the feces.

She gagged and
puked.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;They never
gonna find you down here. But you got to be

really
quiet.&quot;

they forced her
down unto the shit, until she was lying on

her back, shit

covering her
body. They put her head on a tiny wooden block

so it was raised

just slightly
above the lake of shit. Then they shackled

her legs and
wrists

to the ground so
she could not move. Sherry never stopped

to wonder what

these shackles
were doing there in the first place. She was

too traumatized

by the shit
itself.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, little
honey, you be real good and real quiet

until the bad men

finish searching
and go away, and then we get you out and

get you all

cleaned up!
Okay?&quot; Sherry was gagging so badly she could 

not even answer.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�The black men stepped out of the pit and put
the

outhouse back in
place.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Everything grew
dark around Sherry. With the outhouse

over her head and

the outhouse door
closed, she saw nothing. She lay there

inhaling shit!
The

smell was not
only sickening, but it made her feel like she 

would pass out.

The shit was over
her body tool, and only her big tits and

her head were out

of the mess. She
lay there for what seemed like hours. She

heard voices.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

What seemed like
yelling. Then she heard men approaching

the outhouse. She

grew tense in
spite of her horrible position. She didn't 

want to be found.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Then the outhouse door opened above her. She
saw that

the outhouse
toilet

seat hole was
right above her face.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;Ain't nothing in here sir. You can see,
just an empty

outhouse. Just a

shit hole, Sir!
No girl hiding in here. Oh my, I thinks I

has to take a big

shit. Sorry sir,
but I got to shit real bad. You just go

search someplace

else. I gonna
shit now!&quot; And then she saw a black ass over 

the toilet hole.

Then the ass sat
down on the toilet seat. There was just

enough light

creeping in from
the open door above and the cracks in the

wooden floor for

Sherry to see the
ass above her. And a huge dick A huge

dick hung down in

the hole as well.
The the black man above her made a kind 

of sigh and a

spray of strong
yellow piss shot out of his thick dick,

right down onto

Sherry's face.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry wanted to
scream, but she could not. They would

find her. She

wanted to twist
away from the stream, but she could not

move. If she
turned

her face, it
would be in the shit. The piss cascaded down

on her. It

splashed onto her
eyes, nose and mouth. It burned her eyes

and filled her

mouth. It mixed
with the shit all around her, splashing it

up onto her face.

Then the negro
above her adjusted himself and the piss hit

her tits. Like

the water spray
from a firehose it drilled her tits,

stinging her
freshly

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

pierced nipples.
The piss splattered her tits and liquid

shit splashed up

from the pit
around her. Her mouth was filled with piss

which she tried
to

spit out, but
some ran down her throat. Her nose was

clogged with
piss.Her

eyes burned with
piss. Then the negro above her grunted and

she look up with

horror. She saw
the end of a huge turd force it's way out

of the asshole.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;Oh Dear God No....&quot; she sobbed. He
was going to shit on

her. He was

going to shit on
her face! This could not be happening to

her. This wasn't

real. Please God,
let it not be real!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�The man grunted and the shit extended to six
inches or

more and then

broke off and
fell.....&quot;KERPLOP&quot; right on Sherry's pretty

fourteen year old

face. She gagged
and puke sprayed out of her mouth. The

turd started to
slip

into her mouth.
She tried to shake it off her face, but 

that caused some
of

the shit around
her to get on her face. It sat there like a

fat slug

covering her nose
and hanging over her lips. And then

another grunt and

another turd.
This one crashed into the first one, sending

shit splattering

all over her
face. Now she had a pile of shit on her face,

and with mounting

terror, Sherry
realized that she would soon be suffocated

with shit. She

only had one way
to stay alive. One way to avoid being

suffocated.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�SHE HAD TO EAT THE SHIT!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-05-27T00:18:00Z
  2007-05-27T00:18:00Z
  8
  1470
  8381
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  69
  19
  9832
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






They dug Sherry
out of the shit. She was out of her mind

with terror,

dusgust, abuse,
and gut wrenching filth. Her tits heaved

with her
struggles

to grasp air that
wasn't filled with the odor of human

shit. Her
nostrils

were clogged with
shit. So were here ears.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The black bucks
were delighted with her condition. Their

fat dangling

pricks stood up
to attention as they carried the fourteen

year old cunt to
a

place behind the
house and turned three high powered hoses

on her. Gushes of

water cleaned out
her cunt, asshole and mouth. The hard 

cold sprays of
water

tore at the new
rings in her pussy lips and her nipples.

She screamed in

pain, which was a
good sign, because it meant that she was

coming around.

They had feared
that she was in shock and might not

recover. They
poured

liquid soap over
her until she was a foaming mess, the

water running off
her

still tinted with
brown. She started to puke then, and

shit came pouring

out of her mouth.
The negroes laughed and danced, their big

feet stomping

the earth and
their fat pricks swaying from side to side.

One of the

niggers grabbed
her head and forced a hose in her mouth.

The water pumped

into her stomach
until her tummy blew up like she pregnant.

She howled in

pain. Then when he
removed the hose, she puked up the

contents of her

stomach, shit and
whatever else was in there.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Eventually she was squeaky clean inside and
out. She was

beautiful once

again. Inside,
however she was scarred for life. When the

black men picked

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

her up to take
her into the house, she shook with fear.

They told her how

sweet she was and
that she had escaped from the Institute

for good. They

said the men had
gone away empty handed.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Something in her
fourteen year old head told her all of

this wasn't
right.

Why had these
black men taken shits on her if they were

protecting her.
They

carried her
inside and put her on the floor. On the couch

sat an amazing

naked black stud.
He was about twenty-two years old. His

body was hard and

dark brown and
glistened. Muscles rolled when he moved. And 

between his legs

was a massive but
still flaccid dick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Golabi leaned down to Sherry. &quot;This is
Asuan. He is 

going to take you
to

your boyfriend.
He will get you there safely. But to thank

him, you must

suck his dick.
You must let him fuck you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry had been
fucked by so much cock in the last days,

she no longer

even reacted to
the request.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Crawl to
me, pretty little cunt. Crawl to me and lick

my big balls and

my dick.&quot;
The black stud on the couch said. He spread his

legs wide. She

crawled to him.
His prick was beautiful. Thick as a

flashlight and a
rich

chocolate brown.
His balls were gigantic. She could smell

his cock and

balls. She stuck
out her tongue and started to gently lick

the big nuts.

She lifted the
balls on her tongue. She tasted salty ball

sweat. The other

black men in the
room commented on how well she had been 

trained. They
said

this was how all
white girls should treat black men. Asuan

shifted on the

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

couch and spread
his legs wider.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;You have a nice tongue, Cunt. Now move
it down under my

balls to my

asshole.&quot; He
grunted as her teenage tongue entered his ass

pucker and fucked

in and out of his
shit hole. She was also so used to this, 

that she hardly

minded at all.
She gave his asshole a good licking and

sucking. After
all,

he was going to
get her to safety. He was going to take her

to her

boyfriend. He
deserved this.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Good little
slut. Good little bitch. Yeah. Suck my

asshole. Work
your

cunt with your
fingers while you suck my asshole.&quot; Sherry

stuffed three

fingers into her
cunt and began to finger fuck herself. It

felt good.

&quot;Shove those
fingers in deeper. Fuck yourself with your

fingers deeper
while

you suck and lick
my shithole.&quot; The black on the couch 

lifted one large

foot and place it
on Sherry's back, pushing her deeper into

his asshole.

&quot;Use your
other hand to finger fuck your asshole.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry
immediately reached back with her other hand and

shoved some

fingers into her
stretched out asshole. Now she was fucking

herself in both

her holes while
she licked and sucked his asshole.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;That's a good little girl. This is how
you should

spend most of
your

time. Can you get
a little more of your hands up your ass

and cunt...try
all

four
fingers.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It hurt Sherry,
but she no longer minded pain somehow.

Her mind had been

affected by what
she had been through, at least

temporarily. She
pushed more

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

of her hand up
into her stretched out pussy and more of the

other one into

her ass. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Get as much
tongue up my shithole as you can. Now see

if you can get

your whole hand
in your cunt. I want to see it in your cunt 

up to your

wrist.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry was good.
How many fourteen year old girls do

you know who can

shove their
entire hands up into their cunts? Her training

had taught her

at least
something. Such talent should not go unrewarded.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Fuck
yourself with your whole hand, baby. Get that hand

deep into your

twat.&quot; The
guys around the room were masturbating and

letting their
pre-cum

drip on the
freshly scrubbed little slut.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
forget your other hand, little slut. I want to

see that entire

hand up your
asshole. You can do it. Just ignore the pain

and push.&quot;
Asuan

chuckled as he
got his asshole licked and sucked and

watched the
fourteen

year old cunt
shove a hand in each of her holes. She 

screamed in pain
as the

hand in her
asshole popped inside. Now she was up to the

wrist in both her

holes. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
great baby. That is so fine. But don't stop

there. See how
deep

you can push
those hands. See how much arm you can get up

your cunt and ass

for me.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry was in
such an awkward position, she had trouble

moving at all.
One

hand up her twat,
the other shoved wrist deep into her

asshole. Still
she

lapped dutifully
at the exposed black asshole.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

�'I can see that it is difficult for you to
move in that

position. Maybe

some of the
brothers will be kind enough to help you shove

your hands deeper

into your cunt
and ass.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Sherry felt so
stuffed she could not even speak. She

kind of made a

gagging sound.
Then she went back to mindlessly licking the

asshole. Asuan

adjusted his
position so that she could now lick his fat

cock. It had
grown

to a nice twelve
inches. It was leaking all over her face.

While two

negroes pushed on
her elbows to get more hand up into her

cunt and ass,

sherry licked and
sucked the big negro dick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;That is a
good fucking whore. That is a good fucking

cum dump slut.

This twat knows
how to serve a man. Hurt yourself girl.

Don't be afraid
to

hurt yourself
with your hands. Try to shove your fingers

right up into
your

womb.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Spit ran from Sherry's sucking mouth. She
licked the

leaking dick knob

and forced her
hand further up into her cunt. The pain no

longer mattered.

What mattered was
pleasing the man. She must always please 

the man and his

cock. Cunts
didn't have cocks. Beautiful massive cocks. 

Cocks ruled the

world. Cocks were
everything. Cunts existed only to serve

cocks. While she

licked Asuan's
big dick, two other negroes stepped in and

started to rub

their dripping
pricks all over the sides of her face. It 

felt so good. So

right. She wanted
to suck those cocks too. She wanted their

juice. But she

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

knew she must pay
attention to Asuan. His dick was so huge

and so beautiful.

She could suck on
his dick forever and be happy. What a 

career choice for
a

fourteen year
old. Perfect. If more fourteen year old girls

would dedicate

their lives to
serving dick, the world would be a better

place.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Suddenly Asuan
shouted. &quot;Now I fuck her.&quot; the other 

blacks backed
off.

He stood up, six
feet seven inches tall. He reached down 

and picked Sherry

off the floor.
She was twisted in a kind of pretzel shape,

her hands shoved

up her cunt and
asshole. &quot;First, my sweet cunt. I will beat

you with a

belt.&quot; He
set her on the couch. Then he took a wide 

leather belt and

lashed her with
it until red welts decorated her skin. She 

screamed bloody

murder, but kept
fucking her holes as instructed to. He

bent her up so he

could slap her
big tits with the belt buckle.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;Big fat tits. Great. Fourteen and big
fat tits. He

whipped the
nipples

with the belt buckle
until they were blue and swollen and

looked about to

burst. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

'Your fucking
nipples are to give men pleasure. That's

what they are

for. That and to
nurse a baby. I am going to give you black

baby&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Suddenly he
yanked her hand from her cunt. The pain was

blinding. It made

a kind of popping
sound that filled the room. Then he was

on her, shoving

all twelve inches
of bloated dick into her cunt in one 

thrust. Balls
deep.

Her other hand
was still in her asshole and the force 

almost broke her

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

wrist. She was
screaming.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh this
cunt is too loose and sloppy. But don't worry

little whore. I

got the answer. I
am going to shove my hand up inside your

cunt along with

my dick and
masturbate myself inside of you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The black men in
the room roared with laughter and moved

in to see the

sight. It might
kill her, but it sure would be fun. Asuan

started to work

one giant hand up
into her cunt along side his fat prick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;I...ugh..I ugh..can't...I can't take
it...&quot; she 

grunted.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;You can
take whatever your man gives you. Whatever any

man gives you.

This is your duty
in life. You must be a living fuckpig for

any man. Tell

me.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;I....ugh..I
must be a living...a living fuckpig for any

man.&quot;
Somehow

it seemed so
right. So much better than her life as a

normal school
girl.

She was no longer
a schoolgirl. She was a fuckpig!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-15T22:51:00Z
  2007-06-15T22:51:00Z
  9
  1360
  7756
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  64
  18
  9098
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






She was a total
fuckpig,no doubt about it. Thee was not 

need for

pretense any
longer. She was a fourteen year old fuckpig

with huge tits
and

a stretched out
cunt and asshole, just the way all cute

fourteen year old

twats should
be.After all she'd had a huge black dick and

a hand up her

young teen
fuckhole at the same time. It was fucking gross.

Her face was

covered with
cocksnot. It ran down her cheeks and hung from

her lips. Just

the way you like
to see fourteen year old girls. Her

injected tits
looked

like obscene
balloons and her pierced nipples were swollen

and red. There

are those among
you I know who believe that at the age of

twelve or
thirteen

all pretty little
cunt should have their nipples pierced.

This could even
be

done at school.
Perhaps the eighth grade boys could be

taught to do it
to

help the school
nurse with the over load of work. It would

certainly give

the young
gentlemen a healthy perspective on sex.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Anyway Sherry was
not a total fuckpig. There was no 

longer any need
for

pretense. The
training had worked. A collar was fastened 

around her neck.

She was led on
her hands and knees to the far wall of the 

cabin. And then,

wonder of
wonders, the rear wall of the cabin opened. It

moved on some
kind

of motorized
track. The entire wall opened to reveal a long

cement hallway

of some kind, lit
by yellow industrial lights mounted on

the walls. How

could this
hallway be attached to a cabin in the

wilderness.
Golabi held

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

the leash and led
Sherry down the hallway. Behind her the

black men who had

fucked her brains
out and forced her to eat their shit, 

waved and called
her

names like
&quot;Cumdump&quot; and &quot;Sluthole.&quot; Sherry crawled

mindlessly
forward. She

felt a funny
sensation in her jaw area, and realized that

there was no dick

in her mouth.
When you have been trained well, that can be

a traumatic

experience for a
fourteen year old hole, to suddenly have

no cock for you
to

suck on. Her
pretty slut mouth made sucking motions, and

she sucked at her

teeth trying to
taste a residue of cum or dick flavor that 

might have lodged

there. Her pussy
and asshole both ached from being so

grotesquely
stretched,

but they also
felt empty and needy. Suddenly she was aware

that there was

music in the long
concrete bunker like hallway. Beetles

music. &quot;All
You

Need is
Love&quot; surrounded the young crawling cunt and her

black guide.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

A double door at
the far end of the hallway opened, and

Sherry blinked at

the bright light
on the other side. As she got nearer, she

saw forms of men,

and then she
recognized them. Ivan was there, naked with a

huge hardon.

Jeff, her dear
boyfriend was there, also naked with a

massive erection.
Had

they captured
him? No, it couldn't be? The room seemed

familiar to her.
It

was a room from
the Killenkoff Institute. But she was far 

away from there.

She had escaped.
Or had she? Jeff! Was Jeff just some

part of a plot to

further break
her? Had they been toying with her all the

while? Was she

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

still really at
the dreaded Institute? Apparently so.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Bring the
fucking bitch in...&quot; Jeff said, a huge smile

on his face as he

pumped his fat
leaking dick.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;You did a
wonderful job on the worthless cunt, Jeff. I

will be sure to

tell my father.
You will get a promotion and a raise, I am 

sure.&quot; ivan
said,

also stroking his
long thick fucker, so his big nuts danced

beneath.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Sherry could not longer think clearly, so the
shock was a

bit muted for

her. Here eyes
locked instead on the meaty hunks of

fuckmeat sticking
out

from the groins
of the young men. She knew she was supposed

to be sucking on

those things.
That was her job. That was what she was for.

She was a

cocksucking cunt.
Their dicks were so beautiful. So white

and smooth and

wet. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

But then her mind
was jolted as she was brought to rest

before the man

seated in the
chair between Ivan and jeff. He too was

naked. His body
was

less muscular,
older, hairier than that of the boys. His

prick too was
huge

and leaking. The
pre-fuck ran down the stalk and onto his 

massive balls

which hung over
the edge of the seat. Sherry looked up the

body toward the

face that she
instantly recognized. IT WAS HER FATHER. HER 

OWN DEAR FATHER!

THE MAN WHO HAD
SENT HER TO THIS HELL HOLE OF A SCHOOL. HE 

SAT THERE WITH A

LEER ON HIS FACE
AND A ROCK HARD PRICK LOOKING AT HIS OWN 

VIOLATED NAKED

FOURTEEN YEAR OLD
DAUGHTER.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Sherry gasped. Tears filled her eyes. She had
loved her

father. Her hand

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

went down to
cover her pussy mound. She couldn't kneel

there with her
pussy

showing to her
own father, something in her head told her.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;The fucking
cunt still hasn't learned.&quot; Her dad 

bellowed, and
Golabi

slapped Sherry.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Show your
cunt to your father, you worthless piece of

shit!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Sherry sobbed and spread her legs so her
shaved pussy

could be clearly

seen. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Get some
fingers down there and spread those cunt

lips!&quot;
Golabi kicked

her, and she
spread her cunt lips to give her dad a better

view of her inner

pussy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Holy fuck,
you boys did a great job on her tits. They 

are fucking

grotesque. Like
huge balloons. What a ruined piece of fuck

she is. Can't she

get her cunt
opened any further than that?&quot; Her father

leaned in to get
a

better look.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�&quot;Golabi kicked Sherry so she fell onto
her back. He

made her lift her

legs and put her
knees on her giant tits. Then he ordered

her to spread her

legs as wide as
she could and use her hands to open her

cunt for her
father.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�Sherry tugged at her pussy lips, stretching
them wide

apart, revealing
the

pink inner twat
for her dad.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
better. That's how I like to see a teenage

tramp. If I had
my

way, that's how
ever freshman high school girl would have

to lie every

morning at
school, so all the boys could pass by them and

get a good look
at

the teenage twat.
But I don't know if she is quite ready to

come home yet. I

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

think perhaps she
needs a month or two at the kennels.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Ivan and Jeff
both pumped their pricks harder. It was

the sweetest

suggestion yet.
This guy sure knew how to treat his

daughter.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

And so sweet
young Sherry's journey although almost over,

was not quite

finished yet. She
was sent to the kennels. The kennels was 

a huge breeding

farm for dogs.
You see, when the male dogs were not fucking

female bitches

to create pure
bred, top notch, pups, they became restless

and sexually

frustrated. That
would never do for such magnificent

animals. So cunts
like

Sherry were
brought to the farm to help the animals relieve

their tension.

For the next two
months, Sherry was fucked by over twenty

dogs every single

day. She had to
suck off over thirty dogs each day. Most

days she was
fucked

and sucking at
the same time, kept at it for sixteen hours.

She knew by now

that it was her
job to treat the canine cocks with respect.

After all a dick

is a dick, and
her job in life was to service dicks. She

also ate doggie
ass

and licked and
sucked doggie balls. She learned how to keep

the huge

Mastiffs and the
Great Danes, and the German Shepherds

content. She knew
her

place in life.
She crawled around in the kennels looking

for any dog who

might need some
relief. She would then crawl up to it and

start to lick at

its prick and
balls. That is not to say that during the two

months she

didn't dearly
miss human cock. She longed for it now. Her

mouth drooled

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

saliva at the
thought of fat cock, Ivan's or Jeff's or even

her dad's.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�And after the two months, she was returned
home to her 

father, where she

lived as his
fucktoy and slave. She humiliated and degraded

herself

willingly for
him. She drank his piss and ate his shit, as 

all teenage girls

should do for all
boys and men. Her tits were made even

larger by special

treatments, until
she could not even wear a top, not that

clothing was ever

provided for her.
She required none. She spend her days

sucking and
getting

fucked. She
bathed her dad's dick and balls with her 

tongue. She
cleaned his

asshole with her
mouth. She delivered five babies by the

time she was

eighteen. They
kept fucking her and degrading her all

through her

pregnancies.
During delivery, her dad stood at her head and 

jerked off all

over her face
while she forced the baby out. As soon as the

baby was free,

they stuffed her
mouth with dick and made her suck off the

doctor and staff.

By the age of
eighteen, she was a fucked out wreck. But

aren't most sluts

just that way at
eighteen? They have been giving pussy to

boys since
seventh

grade, and by the
time they are high school seniors, they

are sucking off

the entire
football team. This is how it should be. This is 

normal and

proper. And when
a cunt resists her proper education. When

a cunt refuses to

let a boy fuck
her on the first date. When a cunt shows no

interest in her

father's big fat
dick that brought her into the world. Then

that cunt needs

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;

to be sent to THE
KILLENKOFF INSTITUTE!

The End

&nbsp;

&nbsp;




&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dale10


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





