BDSM Library - Prom Night Terror




Prom Night Terror
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two teen girls are set to have a special night in the house with their boyfriends, but two intruders spoil the fun.







 

 
  RICHARD
   jim
  2
  160
  2006-11-21T01:08:00Z
  2006-11-21T01:08:00Z
  1
  2998
  17094
  142
  40
  20052
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

PROM NIGHT TERROR

By

Ynyn

&nbsp;

Mary was very
excited about prom night. She was going with her boyfriend Sean; the two had been going out for 2
years, since the start of junior year. And now, at the pinnacle event of their final year of
high school, they were going to have their first night together.

&nbsp;

Mary had planned
out this night for months, her mom was going to be out late with her friends
from work and the house would be empty. She had told her mother that she was
going to stay the night with her best friend Lisa after prom. In fact, Lisa and
her boyfriend Alex were going to come over to Mary�s also.� 

&nbsp;

Mary and Lisa had
been friends since grade school and were inseparable. The two had always done
everything together, and on prom night they planned to both lose their
virginity.

&nbsp;

Mary was a tall
brunette with long slender legs. Her straight hair came down to below her
shoulders, and her body was very enticing. In fact, she would have been the
object of all the boys desire if not for her friend Lisa. Lisa was absolutely
stunning. A blonde, the curly haired beauty had a stunning body, with very
large tits and, similar to Mary, legs that were delicious to view. 

&nbsp;

The two girls had
picked out their prom dresses together. Mary selected an off-the-shoulder black
dress with red trim. The dress fell to just below her knees, and the top of the
dress dipped down to her breasts, showing off a little cleavage. Lisa picked
out a red dress with black trim to counter her friend. Lisa�s slinky dress had
thin straps and similarly showed off her gorgeous tits. Her dress was shorter
than Mary�s and came just down to her knees. After selecting their dresses, the
two girls giggled and went to Victoria�s Secret and picked out stockings and
sexy underwear for prom night. They each selected thigh high stockings, with
Mary getting black and Lisa deciding on sheer nude colored. They also bought lacy, sexy panties for
the special night.

&nbsp;

Finally, the big
night arrived. Mary woke up and put her dress on so her mom could take some
pictures before heading out with her boyfriend. As her mom left, she picked up
the afternoon newspaper and tossed it inside. Mary ignored it as it fell at her
feet, unrolling just enough to expose the headline: RASH OF BURGLARIES SPARKS
NEIGHBORHOOD CONCERN. It seems that there had been several break-ins in the
area in recent weeks, and the police were having difficulty finding any clues
as to who was responsible. None of this worried Mary as she went back to await
Lisa and then to head to her friend�s house and wait for their dates.

&nbsp;

Lisa arrived
within an hour and the two girls gathered all their things and drove off to get
ready for prom. Unknown to the girls, two men were watching them leave. Max and
Eddie had gotten out of jail just a month earlier, and, unable to get a job
after trying for only a week, they set about on robbing people�s homes again.
They saw Mary�s mom depart earlier and once they saw the girls take off, they
knew the house would be open for a while. The two snuck around back and forced
their way inside.

&nbsp;

Mary and Lisa
arrived at the blonde�s home to prepare for the big night. Excited, they played
music as they put on their make up and got into their dresses. They slid the
stockings up their toned legs and looked each other over in the full-length
mirror. They each remarked on how hot the other looked. Neither girl was lying;
the two were visions of loveliness. Mary, with her long dark hair falling down
over her bare shoulders, looked very sexy. Her nice tits just poking up at the
top of her black dress, and her magnificent legs protruding from the bottom of
the dress above her knees were covered by the silk stockings. She wore a ruby
red shade of lipstick on her full lips. Her friend, Lisa, was another sexy
number. The thin straps of her red dress lay across her golden tanned shoulders
and down to her large melons. Her very sexy legs were covered with the sheer
nude colored stockings and she had selected a deep red shade of lipstick that
matched her dress. The two girls looked beautiful indeed.

&nbsp;

Soon, enough Alex
and Sean arrived to escort the girls to the dance. They stopped at a nice
restaurant for dinner and then proceeded to the prom. The dance was amazing! It
was all the girls wished it would be and more. The two guys loved the sexy
dresses the girls were wearing and kept stealing glances at their cleavage all
night long. After a night of dancing and laughing, Lisa and Mary went to the
restroom. They talked and decided to tell their boyfriends what they had
planned to complete this special night. They giggled as they fixed their hair
and makeup and set out to return to their table where their guys awaited.

&nbsp;

Mary leaned over
to Sean and whispered in his ear, asking if he wanted to come over to her house
and telling him her mom was out for the night. As any teen boy would, he
started grinning and looked across the table and saw the same scene playing out
with Lisa and Alex. The two couples got up from the table and headed to the
car.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, at
Mary�s house, Eddie and Max had pried open the back screen door and were
ransacking the house. While in Mary�s bedroom, they stole glances at her school
picture and noted how hot the teen girl was.

&nbsp;

�Wouldn�t mind
getting some of that!� remarked Eddie. Max nodded in agreement.

&nbsp;

The two felons
were still gathering their haul when they heard a car pull up to the house.
They looked at each other and moved into the kitchen where they hid. The sound
of a key in the front door soon followed.



�Well, we�re
here!� Mary said, as the perky brunette led the foursome into the house they
thought was empty. 

&nbsp;

�Why don�t you
guys wait here, us girls need to freshen up.� Lisa said as she and Mary went
into the restroom in the hall. Their boyfriends settled down onto the couch,
smiled and high fived each other.

&nbsp;

Eddie and Max saw
the two beauties strut down the hall, and they both had the same idea. What was
just a burglary job for dough was now going to be much more fun. Max motioned
to his partner and the two snuck out behind the couch where the two boys sat.
Using their strength acquired in jail, they grabbed the teen boys and gagged
them and them swiftly bound their hands behind their backs. Working quickly
while the teens yelled muffled protests, the duo dragged them into Mary�s
bedroom and placed them on the floor.

&nbsp;

Now, they waited
for their prizes to emerge. Minutes later, the girls did just that, they went
into the living room and were confused as to where their boyfriends went.

&nbsp;

They looked in
the kitchen then decided to check the bedroom. The friends looked at each other
and giggled again as they walked toward Mary�s bedroom.

&nbsp;

The teens� mouths
dropped open as the walked to the room and saw Alex and Sean sitting on the
floor, bound and gagged. They rushed to help them, even as the boys shook their
heads �no� frantically. As the girls entered the room, the door was slammed
shut.

&nbsp;

�All right! Now
we can start the party!� said Max, with a sneer. 

&nbsp;

The two girls
jumped from the slamming door and turned to see the two older, grimy men in the
room. They had very evil looks in their eyes as Max made his announcement.

&nbsp;

�What are you
doing here? Leave us alone!� Mary said as she saw the two intruders in her
room. Unfazed, the duo approached the girls, who backed up in fear.

&nbsp;

�Well, well,
well�. Prom night, huh?� Eddie said as he eyed the two sexy teen girls. If only
you gals had stayed out a little longer, we would have been gone�but then
again, we would�ve missed out on THIS!� 

&nbsp;

As he said �this�
Eddie grabbed Mary and threw her on the bed, Max grabbed Lisa and knocked her
to the bed beside her friend. Max quickly tied Lisa�s wrists together behind
her back and also bound her ankles together. He groped her body and then pushed
her onto the floor across from her boyfriend.

&nbsp;

As that happened,
Eddie was mauling Mary on the bed. The brunette was struggling against the much
stronger man as she was pinned down on her back. He pulled down the front of
her dress and exposed her tits. He was sucking and squeezing them in no time,
and was then joined by Max, who had just tied up Lisa.

&nbsp;

�Looks like it�s
time for the after-party, huh?� Eddie said, and his buddy Max smiled and nodded
in agreement.

&nbsp;

�NOOOOOOO! Please
don�t do this! Take what you want, just leave us alone!� Mary pleaded with the
men.

&nbsp;

�But, honey, what
we want is to fuck you and your friend, and yes, we will take that, babe!� Max
told Mary and she started bawling. 

&nbsp;

The two men were
pawing the hot girls� body as she lay pinned on her bed beneath them.

&nbsp;

From the floor,
the boys were frantically trying to free themselves to assist the girls, but
they had no shot. Lisa was tearing up as she saw her friend being groped and
mauled and knew that they would soon both be raped.

&nbsp;

Max grabbed
Mary�s arms and held them over her head while Eddie went to work on her body
some more. He pulled the dress up over her waist, exposing her sexy, slender
legs and the tops of her black stockings and the garter belt and lacy panties
she had bought for this special night.

&nbsp;

�Check out this
slut! She is ready to fuck!� Eddie yelled out and pulled her panties down and
off of her body as Mary cried out even louder.

&nbsp;

Max has pinned
her arms above her head as his pal began unbuttoning his pants at the foot of
the bed. Mary was crying in vain for help.

&nbsp;

�Please don�t do
this!! PLEASE!� She pleaded with the felons, but the men just laughed at the
teen as her sexy legs kicked into the air.

&nbsp;

Eddie smiled as
he pushed Mary�s legs apart and climbed onto the bed. The beautiful brunette
was lying on her back, her arms pinned down by Max at the headboard, her naked
tits bobbing from her struggles, and her black dress bunched up just above her
waist. The teens� long, sexy legs were still clad in the black silk stockings
as the assailant maneuvered his body between them.

&nbsp;

Eddie hungrily
licked her luscious tits as his body slid atop hers. Her head shook wildly as
she begged him to stop, but instead he quieted her cries by shoving his tongue
into her mouth.

&nbsp;

�Noooo-MMMMMPPPPHHH!�

&nbsp;

Tears flowed down
her lovely face as this beastly man was mauling her. 

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, her
best friend Lisa watched helplessly from the floor where she lay bound and
immobile. This did not stop the blonde goddess from screaming for help and for
the assault to cease.

&nbsp;

�Leave us alone,
you bastards!! Just get off of her!� She yelled, and Max looked down to her and
grinned.

&nbsp;

�Oh, don�t you
worry, blondie, you�ll have your turn, too!� He laughed and resumed watching
his buddy ravaging the girl in front of him.

&nbsp;

Across the room,
Sean and Alex were gagged in addition to being tied up and were powerless to
stop their girlfriends� impending rapes. Muffled grunts and minor movements
were all the two boys could muster; the intruders didn�t pay any attention.

&nbsp;

Mary�s first rape
was commencing as Eddie looked into the teary-eyed girls� face and slid his
rigid cock across her slit. Her eyes widened in fear as she knew what was to
come, and yet again whined for her freedom.

&nbsp;

�Oh God! Don�t do
this, PLEASE! I�m a virgin!� Her words were punctuated by sobs and were
disregarded by Eddie as he molested her body.

&nbsp;

�Virgin? I doubt
it, you slut�not with this slutty lingerie, you aren�t a virgin�no shut the
fuck up, bitch�you�re ruining my mood!�

&nbsp;

With that he
began forcing his cock into her very tight pussy, her cries grew louder and
louder as he entered her.

&nbsp;

He smiled to his
pal. �Damn, you know what�� he said as he grunted� �This bitch may be telling the truth, looks
like I�m gonna do some cherry-poppin� tonight!�

&nbsp;

His member pushed
deeper inside of Mary and as he felt resistance, he pulled back a little them
slammed hard into the girls� virgin hole.

&nbsp;

�OWWWWWWWWW!!!AGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!STOP!!�
She shrieked from the pain as Eddie tore into her and pumped into her roughly.
Her shouts only seemed to excite him, or maybe it was the tight feel of her
snatch around his dick, but he pounded her harder and harder with increasing
speed.

&nbsp;

On the floor Lisa
gasped and cried as her friends� virginity was taken by force before her eyes.
Fear overcame her, as she knew that she would suffer the same fate very soon.

&nbsp;

Eddie was fucking
sexy Mary with a hard and fast rhythm, rocking her slender body from the force
of his strokes. After what seemed like eternity to her, he slowed his speed and
she felt his seed explode inside of her. Eddie squeezed her tits and once again
shoved his tongue into her mouth before pulling out of her slowly.

&nbsp;

Mary felt the
grip on her arms relax and as she felt Eddie climb off of her she curled into
the fetal position and bawled some more. It was not over for her, however, as
the men were simply switching places.

&nbsp;

�Okay, your turn,
pal!� Eddie said as he passed by Max and they slapped hands. Max dropped his
pants as his pal rolled Mary onto her back again and grabbed her arms to hold
her still.

&nbsp;

�Not again!
NOOOOOOO!� She yelled as she saw the other man climbing onto the bed and
positioning himself between her legs. �OHMYGOD!!!!!NOOOO!�

&nbsp;

Wasting little
time, Max proceeded to shove his hardened rod into the still wet pussy of this
former-virgin teen. He fucked her even more violently than his partner did,
causing her body to shake and her cries to become shrill and piercing.

&nbsp;

Lisa watched in
continued horror as Mary was raped a second time in front of her, and her
terror grew even more as Max quickly finished his assault and hopped off of the
bed after dumping another load of sperm into the hot brunette.

&nbsp;

The men grabbed
the bawling Mary and pulled her from the bed, tied her up and deposited her on
the floor next to Lisa.

&nbsp;

�All right,
bitch, now your friend gets HER turn!� Eddie told Mary as he took hold of the
blonde girls� arm and lifted her to her feet. Max smiled in agreement.

&nbsp;

�Hell, yeah! I
LOVE them blondes!� Max said and nodded in agreement as Eddie told him it was
his turn to take first shot.

&nbsp;

Lisa was thrown
onto the bed, and like Mary her arms pinned over her head, Max again dropped
his pants and got in bed with her. In one motion, he tore her red dress away
from her ample breasts, snapping the thin straps in the process.

&nbsp;

�Why are you
doing this?! Just leave, haven�t you done enough?� Lisa yelled at the men as
Max�s horny hands groped her body. 

&nbsp;

�Enough?� Eddie
asked as his pal squeezed Lisa�s large tits �We�re just getting started!!�

&nbsp;

�NOOOOO!� The
blonde yelled as her body was ravished, Max grabbed the lower hem of her dress
and yanked it upwards, exposing her smooth legs.

&nbsp;

He took hold of
her lacy panties and roughly tore them from her nubile figure. �You won�t be
needing these, slut!� Max then shoved his face into her crotch and inhaled the
smell and moaned. He then began sliding his tongue up and down her slit and then
inside of her virgin hole while she squirmed beneath him.

&nbsp;

At the head of
the bed, Eddie laughed. �Yeah, make that bitch all wet before you nail her!�

&nbsp;

Lisa was crying
and shaking her head from side to side as the hot, wet tongue slurped around
her virginal pussy.�Please�Please�STOP!� She said, as her breath grew heavier.
Just as the unwanted pleasure began to overwhelm her, Max stopped his oral play
and swiftly slid forward and then forced his cock into the wet snatch of the
struggling blonde.

&nbsp;

�OHGOD!!!OWWWWWWWWW!�
Lisa screamed in pain as Max inserted his member into her hole and thrust
deeper until he broke through and stole her innocence. After, he started to
pump into her body with reckless abandon, the teens� very large mounds bounced
crazily from the assault.

&nbsp;

Blonde hair was
strewn all about as her head shook wildly as the felon pounded her. She then
felt him tense up and soon he spurted his seed deep inside of her and slid out
of her womb as she wept.

&nbsp;

Lisa was out of
breath, her make up was in ruins from her tears, and she was bawling loudly as
the men swapped places. Before she knew it, Eddie was on top of her and Max
held down her arms and she was taken again. Eddie sucked her tits so much that
several hickeys were clearly visible. 

&nbsp;

The beautiful
blonde cried during the entire second rape and curled into a ball after he was
through. As she sobbed, her mind began to think that at least it was over�but
it was not nearly over yet!

&nbsp;

Max lifted Lisa
from the bed and stood her beside it. The gorgeous blondes� hair was mussed,
her dress in shreds and barley clinging to her body around her waist and her
large tits were covered with a sheen of sweat and were marked by large red
hickeys from the hungry mouth of Eddie.

&nbsp;

Eddie had picked
up Mary from the floor and stood her in front of Lisa. Mary�s crying had calmed
down a bit, until she was pulled to her feet.

&nbsp;

�Now�you two are
close friends, right?� Eddie asked the girls, who nodded. �Well, GET CLOSER!�
He said and shoved Mary into Lisa. 

&nbsp;

�I think you girls
need to start making out with each other for our amusement�DO IT NOW or we kill
your boyfriends!� Eddie said and kicked Sean in the groin.

&nbsp;

The girls
shrieked as the teen was kicked, then they looked at each other. Before they
could move, they were pushed into each other again.

&nbsp;

�Let�s go,
bitches!� Eddie said, and kicked Alex just as he did the other boy.

&nbsp;

Slowly, the teens
began to kiss each other softly, tears fell from each of their faces, but they
still did as they were told and soon their tongues were intertwined as they
stood face to face and kissed deeply. The girls were beginning to get into it,
when they felt the back of their dresses being lifted up.

&nbsp;

�Now, you girls
keep up the lezbo routine, or else!� Max said as he lowered his pants behind
Lisa. Eddie was doing the same thing as he stood behind Mary. The girls cried
as they kissed, and each of the men got ready to have some more fun.

&nbsp;

Each of the men
had lifted the dress of the girl nearest to them and prepared to fuck their
virgin asses while the girls made out with each other.

&nbsp;

Mary felt hands
on her shoulders and then felt the pressure of a hard cock pushing into her
asshole. Eddie began to pump her hole while she stood and kissed her friend.
She saw Max behind Lisa grabbing her tits and felt Lisa�s body bang into hers�
as her friend was fucked from behind as well.

&nbsp;

The boys on the
floor were recovering from their pain and were now having to watch their
girlfriends being raped from the back while they kissed.

&nbsp;

Not nearly soon
enough for the girls, the men shot off their loads into their rectums and the
girls were tossed onto the bed while the intruders pulled up their pants.

Eddie took out
the licenses of the girls and read the info to the sobbing teens.

&nbsp;

�Now, we KNOW who
you are, and where you live. If you have any smart ideas of calling the cops,
we WILL pay you a visit, or have one of our pals from the joint come see you,
do you understand?� Silence from the messy teens. �Well, DO YOU?� Eddie asked
louder and smacked Mary�s ass.

&nbsp;

�Ye�yes�Just go,
please!� Mary said as she wept.

&nbsp;

�Okay, slut�you
were a nice fuck, you too blondie!� Eddie remarked as the men opened the
bedroom door to leave.

&nbsp;

The front door
opened, and the men heard footsteps coming from the front of the house. Eddie
slowly shut the bedroom door and sternly whispered to the girls�

&nbsp;

�Who is that?
Answer me, bitch!� he brandished a large knife at her throat.

&nbsp;

�It�s my mom��
Mary said in fear, and was interrupted.

&nbsp;

�Mom? What about
dad?� Eddie asked as he clearly heard two female voices.

&nbsp;

�He�s not around,
it�s just my mom and me�please don�t hurt her�just go out the window or
something�please!� Mary whispered her pleas to the two men.

&nbsp;

Eddie and Max
smiled to each other, Max moved and quickly re-tied Mary and gagged her as
Eddie did likewise to Lisa�the fun was not over yet.

&nbsp;

As Max finished
tying up Mary, he whispered into her ear��Time for mom to join the fun!�

&nbsp;

Mary grunted
through the gag and her body shook, but she was helpless�the terror was not
over yet!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

TO BE CONTINUED!
(In part two, you will meet Mary�s hot mom, and Lisa�s mom will make an
appearance, too! Surprises ahead in Part two.)

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ynyn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





