BDSM Library - Masquerade




Masquerade
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman turns up to a party with a dashing costume containing hidden secrets, and finds a man that she will guide into new territory with her arsenal of sex toys and seduction.


Masquerade: Part One

By Some Writer


Her heart raced as the conveyor belt moved quickly on.  She was held down on it, her wrists bound by large silvery metal clasps.  Her legs were 
vertical, bound to tall poles that stretched upwards from the rigid conveyor belt.  Loud machinery churned all around her, metal sparking against metal, 
yet the air was cold against her naked skin.  The conveyor belt ground to a sudden halt that shook her against her bonds.

A man stepped out from the darkness and grasped the poles next to her legs.  She craned her neck to look at him and saw his already erect dick move 
forward and slide easily into her waiting vagina.  She could barely feel it inside her and as he began sliding backwards and forwards she gained no 
real pleasure from it.  She tried to look at his face but she could not see it.  All she could see was his naked body, a perfectly muscled body like 
that of an athlete - perfect and bland.

After only a short time he withdrew - without coming - and stepped back into the shadows.  The conveyor belt moved on with a sudden acceleration 
followed by a matching sudden stop.  Another man, who looked identical to the first, stepped from the shadows and slid his dick inside her as he took 
hold of the poles.  Once more, she could barely feel him.  She looked further down the conveyor belt to see tens if not hundreds of men waiting.  She 
screamed...

... And awoke with a start.  Melinda's breathing began slowing as she realised she had woken up.  She tried to roll over and grimaced as she felt the 
damp bedsheets below her - soaked in sweat.  The alarm clock read 7:00AM, and it was Monday.  She grimaced again and summoned the willpower to roll 
out of bed.  Her light-brown hair mostly fell to the top of her neck, but some bits had been incited by a night's sleep into sticking out at crazy 
angles.  She had eyes that were some mix of green and brown, and a pretty face with smooth skin but a strong, prominent bone structure that evoked 
memories of Hollywood beauties from the Forties and Fifties.  Her figure was similar - not a stick-thin figure of a modern model, but rather a classic 
full hourglass figure that would once have been the definition of attractive, with moderate - but not large - breasts to suit.

The week ahead at least held the promise of a dress-up party on the following Saturday, even if that did mean that Melinda needed to find some time 
during her busy week to go and rent a dress.  Busy busy busy, she thought to herself as she searched for her towel.  She took it into the bathroom and 
closed the door behind her.

* * *

Lisa, one of the typists, stepped into the office and walked down the aisle between the pairs of desks that filled the long office, past her fellow 
female typists, to the other workers beyond them.  Jake, the young accountant, looked up as she approached his desk.  He opened his mouth to say 
hello, but she was already talking.

"Jake, can you come help me out a minute?"

"What's up?" Jake asked, slightly puzzled.  Lisa did not usually speak to him much.  Lisa looked down imploringly at Jake.  He had a friendly, but not 
feminine face with a strong jawline.  His deep-blue eyes contrasted well with his dark brown hair that was short and professional without having a 
clearly discernible style.  Lisa thought some stubble would suit him well, but he was always clean-shaven.

"It's my car, I need to change the tyre and I was wondering if you could help me," she explained.  Jake looked around at everyone else in the office.  
He was the only man in the room.

"Ok," he said, fighting the temptation to make a barbed comment.  He got up from his desk and followed Lisa out of the office into the car park.  She 
had at least taken out all the appropriate equipment out from the back of her car.  Jake eased off the hubcap and put the wrench on one of the tyre 
nuts.  He stood on the horizontal handle of the wrench, trying to use his weight to loosen the nut.
As he bounced up and down, trying to loosen it, he looked across at Lisa.  She was not petite, and probably weighed more than him.

"Do you want to give it a try?" he asked circumspectly.

"I don't think I'd do any better than you," Lisa said, and Jake smiled wanly at her as he continued to jump on the wrench.  Finally it gave way, and 
Jake undid it slightly more before moving on to the next nut.  Neither of them said much as Lisa watched Jake undo the nuts.  He directed her to put 
the jack in the right place under the car and told her to wind it up.  Half an hour later the wheel was changed, and Jake hurried inside to clean his 
oily hands, with a genuine word of thanks from Lisa.

* * *

Melinda slowly worked her way down the row of dresses in the shop for the second time.  The parties, held by her friend Kate, were always lavish 
affairs, with dresses to match.  Large blooming dresses that spoke of an earlier era, when minimalism and simplicity were never fashionable.  She 
sighed, louder than she had intended, as she flicked past dress after dress, none of them inspiring her to try them on.

An assistant appeared at her side, unbidden.  He looked like he should work as a tailor - well-dressed but stuffy with an authoritative air about him.  
Probably forced to temp at a rental place due to a lack of work, Melinda thought cruelly to herself.  "May I help you?" he asked, over-politely.

"Not really," Melinda said, exasperated.  "I'm looking for a dress but I can't find anything I like."  She looked around the shop and her eyes scanned 
past the men's suits.  "The men have it so much easier, don't they?  They want a suit, they get a suit.  All of them look about the same anyway."  The 
assistant smiled, unsure what to say.  Doesn't want to talk to the mad woman, Melinda thought as she continued looking around the room at all the 
dresses that she had already rejected.

"What is the occasion?" the assistant asked after the pause became too awkward.

"A dress-up party.  Suits and lavish dresses," Melinda explained lamely  "It's usually a mix of semi-historical black-tie and fancy dress."
Then it struck her.  "Of course, no-one says only the men can wear suits.  I mean, it's sort of fancy dress."

"Sorry?" the assistant asked, puzzled.

"Do you think you could find a suit that would fit me?  With a hat too," Melinda added, suddenly beaming.

Whatever else she might have thought about the assistant, he at least had manners and knew that the customer was always right.  Even when she was a 
mad woman.  "Certainly," he said, without any sign of surprise, and led her over to the suits.

* * *

Jake sat on his bed flicking through his stash of porn magazines, his trousers unzipped and his cock protruding from his underwear.  All the women 
were identical, dyed blondes with fake breasts, perfectly small bodies and shaven pussies.  Nothing took his fancy, despite feeling in the mood for 
some masturbation.  He got up from the bed and his trousers dropped to his ankles.  He stepped out of them and walked to his computer.

He idly toyed with his dick while he waited for it to load up, and then set about browsing the Internet for pornography.  He surfed through a number 
of clichï¿½d big-dicks-pound-tight-pussies sites before finding a site of 'amateur' couples.  Their attention in the pictures was totally on each other, 
not on posing for the camera.  He settled on a young couple pleasuring each other, a genuine look of caring and 
interest on the face of the woman as she grasped her partner's cock in her hand.  Jake grasped his own cock in his hand and stroked furiously.

* * *

Melinda stood in front of the mirror, turning this way and that as she looked at herself in the mirror.  She needed to be off to the party imminently 
but something was not quite right and she could not decide what.  The suit fit fine.  Her female figure did not make it look bad - quite an 
achievement considering that her breasts were not small.  The pencil-thin fake moustache - light brown, to match her hair - was a touch she was 
particularly proud of, and it made her look mischievous without looking stupid.  The hat gave the whole thing some 
flair.  The effect was faintly ludicrous, yet indefinably stylish.  She was really pleased with how it looked, but now she was worried that she 
could not adopt the right attitude.

She needed to feel confident and suave, and above all: male.  No point turning up in a suit unless you looked like you were meant to be wearing it.  
So far, she still felt like a woman who did not have an outfit and thus had been forced to borrow her husband's suit.  Melinda began practising stupid 
male muscle-flexing poses in the mirror as she fooled around to try to get in the right frame of mind.

In a flash of inspiration she realised what she needed to enable her to wear the suit with pride.  A present from an ex-boyfriend, something she had 
not worn in several years.  It would not be visible, but it would be perfect.  She took off the suit and hung it up - ready to be put in the car - 
before she hurried to her cupboard and began searching.

* * *

Jake stood in front of his mirror, looking forlornly at his suit.  It was obvious now that it was too large.  Not ludicrously so, but obvious enough 
that people would notice.  It had looked just right in the shop, but everything always does.  It was too late to change it now.  It made him feel like 
an impostor - like a boy wearing his father's suit.  

He was tempted for a moment to just not turn up, but he knew that Kate would notice.  Even if she had a hundred guests (which she often did), Kate 
still noticed exactly who was there and who was not.  Jake knew a few other people who were coming, but he had visions of spending most of the night 
sitting on his own.

He sighed, his whole body visibly sagging as he watched in the mirror.  He put on his bow-tie and headed out to the party.

* * *

"I like your outfit."  Melinda turned to see the man beside her who had paid the compliment.

"Thank you," she said perfunctorily.

"I'm John," he offered, and smiled.  He had a friendly smile, Melinda noticed.

"Melinda," she replied.

"I especially like the hat," John continued.  "Looks better on you that most of the guys here."  He indicated the rest of the large ballroom with a 
sweep of his hand.  Melinda smiled.

"Would you like to try it on?" she asked.

"I think it would be a bit small."  She took the hat off anyway and handed it to him.  He put it on but it only perched atop his head.  
Melinda laughed.

"That bad eh?" John said, handing it back.  "So tell me, do you live around here?"

"No, I've come quite far," Melinda explained as she put her hat back on.  "I knew Kate from many years ago."

"From when she used to work on the south coast?"  Melinda nodded.

"You have a hotel room here then?" John asked casually.

"Yeah, I had to," Melinda told him.  She had travelled more than a hundred miles to get to the party, so she was not making the return trip until the 
following day.  Thankfully, Kate's party was in the large - no, huge - ballroom of a hotel.  The rooms were not cheap, but were very convenient for 
the party-goers.

John leaned forward, getting as close to her ear as he could, his head pressing against the brim of her hat.  "How about we go up to your room?  You 
can suck me off and I'll even lick your pussy for you."  Unseen by John, Melinda raised her eyebrows in shock.

"A very kind offer," Melinda said dryly.  "Maybe later," she added vaguely, "I want to meet a few more people first."

John smiled.  "Ok, well just come and find me when you're ready," he said with a smile and a wink.  A friendly smile, Melinda thought - wasted on him.

* * *

On the other side of the room, Jake was doing well with a woman he had just met.  Her name was Heather.  She was a faintly pretty blonde who was 
wearing a slinky, almost figure-hugging royal blue dress, a much more modern design than most of the women attending the party were wearing.  She 
currently worked with Kate, although Jake got the impression that Heather did not know Kate too well.  Given the amount of guests at the party, it would not 
be surprising if most of the guests did not know Kate well.

"Pretty big place, huh?" Heather said, gesturing at the room.

"Yeah, it's immense," Jake agreed.

"And have you seen the grounds to this place?" she asked.

"No, I arrived a bit late so it was already dark."

"Want to come and take a look?" Heather asked, and Jake thought he saw her subtly raise her eyebrows.

"Yeah, sure," he said.  Heather stood up and he followed her outside, onto the crunching gravel path, faintly lit by upward lighting amongst the 
bushes adjacent to the walls of the hotel.  Heather took his hand and led him around the building to a darker area by the side.  They slipped into a 
narrow alley between two storage buildings.  He grasped her waist and kissed her.  She wrapped her arms around him as he gently pushed her against the 
wall behind her.

"Do you have protection?" she whispered in his ear.  He nodded.  Half his face was in shadow, the other side lit by the lights shining in the gardens.

Heather turned around and quickly hitched up her dress until it was above her waist, revealing her naked bottom.  She leaned forward to keep her dress 
where it was, and put both hands on the wall, legs apart as if Jake was a cop about to frisk her.  Jake put his hands on her cold cheeks and began 
caressing her bum.

"What are you waiting for?" Heather asked when Jake's hands began running down the outside of her thighs.  "Do you need me to suck your dick first or 
something?"

Jake's prick was already nearly fully-erect.  "No," he said and took his wallet out of his pocket, feeling for the condom inside it.  Suddenly there 
was raucous laughter just beyond the end of the alley.  Heather straightened up, the hem of her dress dropping back down to her knees.  The two of 
them quietly stepped into the shadows in the alley and walked out of the other end.  The laughing people came all the way around the building to find 
Heather casually walking around towards them.  Jake stood back a way, appearing to use his mobile phone.

"Hi Heather!" the man called.  He was accompanied by another woman, who appeared to be his wife.

"Oh, hi Tom, Jill,"  Heather said, nodding at them in turn.  "Just thought I'd catch some fresh air."

"I know what you mean," Tom said.  "We were just coming out to do the same before heading for a drink in our room."

"You have a room?" Heather asked.  "You don't live far away."

"I know, but it's a chance to get out and do something different isn't it?" Tom said.  "Did you want to join us?"

"Yeah, sure," Heather said with a brief glance at Jake.

"Did you want to bring your man there?" Tom asked, loud enough that Jake heard him.

"He's nothing to do with me," Heather hissed to Tom, quietly enough that Jake would not hear.

"Ok, let's go," Tom boomed.  Tom, Jill and Heather wandered back to the hotel.  Jake slipped his phone back into his pocket, sighed, and started 
walking back to the party.

* * *





Masquerade: Part Two

By Some Writer


Melinda cast her eyes over the party and saw a man sitting at a table on his own, looking quite bored.  She made her way around a laughing group of 
people to sit down at his table.

"Bored?" she asked.

"Well, no not exactly, I mean -" He paused.  "Is it that obvious?" he asked.

"Afraid so," she said, nodding.  "I'm Melinda."

"Jake," he said.  "So how do you know Kate?"

"I used to work with her when she lived in the south."

Jake nodded.  "I met her about a year ago when I did some temporary work where she worked.  I don't think I've seen you at any of these parties before 
though?"

"I don't come to many, I live quite far away."

"Staying at the hotel?"

Melinda nodded.

"I like your clothes," Jake said, looking at her suit.

"Thanks," Melinda said, smiling.  "I just got fed up of trying to choose a dress."

"It looks better on you than mine does on me," Jake said, without any bitterness or self-pity.

"Yours isn't so bad," Melinda told him.  "Can I get you a drink from the bar maybe?"

"Yeah, that would be good," said Jake, smiling.

The two of them spent the next hour together, chatting easily.  

"Do you want to get out of here?" Melinda suggested when the party was winding down slightly.

"Yep, sure," Jake said and they headed out of the ballroom and up the stairs to the hotel rooms.  As they walked along the corridor, Jake saw a woman 
walking towards them, holding an ice bucket and wearing a dressing gown.  He realised it was Heather.  She saw him and cast her eyes down to the floor, 
passing him without saying a word.

A few paces later, Melinda suddenly ducked sideways into an alcove, occupied by a decorative table and plant-pot.  Jake turned to look at her.

"Don't look at me, look ahead," Melinda hissed.  "I had a run-in with that guy earlier and I'd rather not talk to him."

"He'll see you," Jake said quietly, looking down the corridor.  Then he turned and stood in front of Melinda.  He positioned his body so that he 
almost completely hid hers.  Their faces were right next to each other, staring into each other's eyes - they were so close they could not look 
away.  Jake's forehead was pressing against the brim of Melinda's hat.  Jake heard footsteps behind him, approaching and then hurriedly walking past 
without stopping.  From behind they would look like two men kissing in the corridor.

"Thank you," she mouthed at him.

"No problem," he whispered back.  She kissed him, and he turned his head to avoid pushing her hat from her head as their lips caressed each other 
gently, in a light but sensual kiss.  Suddenly, Melinda decided what she wanted to do this evening.  She had everything she needed with her, it would 
just be a matter of guiding Jake to where she wanted him.  She was confident he'd like it.

They walked out of the alcove and down the corridor to Melinda's room.  Jake shut the door as Melinda went further into the room.  The room was 
decorated in a slightly austere, formal style.  The wallpaper was a faded mixture of green and beige, and some sizable 
plants stood on various tables around the room.  The bed was large, with layers of pale white cotton sheets neatly folded and tucked so that no-one 
could possibly get beneath them.  The room was slightly cool, not but cold.  It smelt of nothing, but it felt fresh.  Melinda switched on the pale 
white lights around the room and then flopped onto the large bed, compulsively pulling the sheets out until they were ruffled and ready to be used.

Jake sat down on the other side of the bed and Melinda pulled him across to lie down next to her.   They kissed and then lay on their 
sides, looking at each other, both still dressed up in their suits.  Melinda gazed into Jake's blue eyes, a silly grin on her face.  Jake smiled 
confidently as he walked his fingers up Melinda's sides and then undid a button of her shirt.  She playfully batted his hand away and shook 
her head.

"First I want to give you a massage," she told him.

"Ok," Jake said, surprised.

"Just let me get some oil from my suitcase," she told him.  Jake rolled onto his back and kicked off his shoes while Melinda fetched what she wanted 
from her suitcase.  When she returned, she knelt beside him on the bed and began unbuttoning his shirt.  The room was silent except for the low buzzing
of a fan somewhere in the room as she slowly revealed his chest.  Dark curls of hair formed a line down the centre of his torso, branching out 
sideways to underline his pectorals.  

Jake could not resist grinning as she unbuttoned his trousers and slowly unzipped the fly, revealing his black silken boxers that shimmered as the 
light brushed across them.  Melinda caught sight of his smile.  "You're going to have a wait a while for what you're thinking of," she told him in a 
warm but stern manner.  "Roll over," she told him.

"Yes nurse," Jake joked as he did as he was told.  While he lay on his front, Melinda tugged and pulled at his shirt and jacket until she had slid 
them down his arms and discarded them in a heap by the bed.  His back was hairless and his skin looked soft.  Instinctively she ran a hand down his 
back to feel for herself how smooth his body was.

Jake felt an apprehensive tingling in his stomach and wanted to make a joke to lighten the mood.  But he knew it was inappropriate and so he just 
waited to 
see what Melinda would do.  Her hands moved to his waist and he elevated his hips slightly to allow her to slide off his trousers and his underwear 
together, the waistband of the latter catching slightly on his semi-erect cock.  She pulled the clothes past his feet and then removed his socks as 
well to leave him totally naked.  This was rare indeed - Jake was usually eager to strip off his partner and they had always seemed fairly nonplussed 
about seeing him naked.  Yet here he was, naked and lying face down on the bed while Melinda readied him for his massage.

"Do you like what you see?" Jake asked nervously, trying to turn his head to face Melinda, lifting his body from the bed slightly.

"Yes, very much," Melinda said truthfully, and placed a hand on his back to gently push him down on to the bed again.  She could not explain why, but 
she did not want to see his cock just yet.  Instead she admired his legs and his ass for a moment.  His legs were thick and looked strong.  They were 
covered in hair that trailed off at the top of his thighs, where she looked at his bottom.  It looked slightly toned and square, not at all like a 
woman's rounded bottom.  She ghosted her hand across his buttocks and felt hard strong muscle beneath the surprisingly pliant skin.

Jake tensed automatically as massage oil was dripped generously onto his back.  The smell of it - a faint scent of strawberries - filled the room.  
Melinda placed her hands firmly on his back, spreading around the oil like a chef proudly icing her 
delicious cake.  She then changed to properly massaging his back, running her fingertips around the canvas in front of her, alternating light and firm 
strokes as she strove to relax him.

"Mmmmm, that's good" Jake said as he melted to her touch, letting his body go limp as all his muscles relaxed.  Melinda was very good at this, and 
Jake was happy to let her work her way 
around.  He did not stir as Melinda moved some of the excess oil downwards to begin massaging his buttocks.  Melinda first focused on his buttocks and 
then slowly, surreptitiously, worked her way into the crack.  She did it slowly enough that Jake thought nothing of it, even when her fingers began 
gently fondling his hole - which turned out to be faintly pleasurable.

Jake was totally at ease when she sprung her surprise.  He gasped as she swiftly slid a butt plug inside him, all the way to the base.  It did not 
hurt, but it was certainly strange and unexpected.  "What th-" Jake began, without anger.  Melinda leaned over his body and whispered soothingly in 
his ear.  "Shhhh, just a little something that will help you enjoy the sex more, trust me."  She planted a brief kiss on his cheek.

"I've never had anything - well no-one's ever," Jake tried to explain as Melinda's hands slid smoothly over his back, now slippery from all the 
rubbed-in oil.

"Does it hurt?" Melinda asked simply.

"No," Jake admitted, although it was quite a distracting feeling.  He felt as if he needed the toilet, but he did not want to ruin the moment with 
Melinda.  Besides, it did add a certain exoticness to the evening.  For a brief moment Jake's mind flashed back to Heather.  Strange surprise or not, 
there was no question of wishing he was elsewhere right now, as Melinda finished her massage.  She fetched a towel from the bathroom and cleaned 
her hands before removing the excess oil from Jake's back.  

When she was done he rolled over onto his back.  His cock was half-erect, lolling to one side on his body like a sleeping dog.  Her eyes flicked from 
his groin up to his face.  He was looking at her with predatory intent, an unmistakable hunger in his eyes.  She was sexy and he wanted her.

"Come here," he said gruffly and despite her plan and her careful composure, she briefly obeyed and moved closed to him.  The moment passed and she 
instead moved sideways to climb on top of him, straddling him as an expression of her control.  Jake felt her knees against his sides, her men's 
trousers masking the feminine legs that lay beneath.  His chest heaved slightly as the hem of her jacket brushed ticklishly against his nipple.

Jake's hands lifted from the bed and eagerly moved to the waistband of Melinda's trousers than hung invitingly in front of him.  Melinda did not stop 
him, but simply warned him: "My costume is complete."  Jake frowned.  He did not understand until he unzipped her fly.

A white dildo fell from her parted fly and hovered provocatively in front of Jake's face.  His frown returned, along with a startled expression.  He 
stared, transfixed, at the pale phallus in front of him.  It had a gently wrinkled surface texture that looked like leather, and a shape that had a 
slight curve and a slightly enlarged head, suggestive of a real penis.

Melinda could see the apprehension - and small measure of fear - in Jake's eyes.  She ran her hand through his short hair and he looked up at her, a 
beautiful goddess full of surprises and mystery.

"Why are you wearing that?" Jake asked finally.

"It went with my costume," Melinda said simply.  

"Are you going to take it off?" Jake asked.

"There's no need to be scared of it," Melinda said as she began shuffling backwards, leaning forwards over Jake as she did so, her shirt and jacket 
skimming over his chest.  "I'm not scared of 
yours - in fact," she said as her head drew level with his, dropping the tone and volume of her voice to a hushed growl, "I'm quite looking forward to 
playing with it."  She subtly licked her lips.  Jake jumped slightly as her dangling cock banged against his own.

"It's just - I mean why don't you," Jake tried to explain, but Melinda put a finger over his lips.  Jake stopped talking.

Melinda slid her finger away and bowed her head to kiss him.  His body was warm and firm beneath hers, and she idly caressed his naked torso with her 
spare hand as she melted into the kiss, her other hand running through his hair.  He raised his arms and embraced her, drawing her to him, his roving 
hands feeling her soft feminine body beneath the smart suit that she still wore.

"Take off the suit instead," Jake whispered when she pulled away.  Melinda gazed into his eyes, and became so lost in the sparkling blue pools that 
she did not register him untying her bow-tie.  She stopped him when he undid a button on her shirt.

"Not yet," she told him.  "I'm going to play with you first," she said, smiling mischievously.

"Why don't we-"

"Hush," Melinda said quietly, and she pulled the loose bow-tie out from her collar.  She swiftly pushed it around the back of Jake's head and pulled 
it tight across his face so that it pushed into his mouth.  She tied it together, leaving him gagged.  He frowned at her - he was doing that a lot, and 
she was beginning to find it quite cute - and she planted a kiss on his forehead in response.

"Trust me," she said as she shuffled down his body, "you won't need to form any words."  Jake raised his head as she sidled away until her 
head was above his half-hard prick.  He watched as she picked it up with her delicate fingers.  She looked back at him, smiled and half-winked 
before bowing her head and taking him in her mouth.  Jake put his head down and moaned as she engulfed him in her warm oral embrace, swiftly 
encouraging him to full rigidity.

She tenderly bathed him in her mouth, her soft supple tongue exploring his firm shaft.  The skin was very smooth, allowing her tongue to glide 
gracefully around as she turned her head this way and that.  Jake groaned into his gag as she drew upwards and lightly brushed her tongue all around 
his sensitive head.  He instinctively drew his legs nearer to his chest and Melinda easily pushed them out sideways, away from her, ready for the next 
part of her plan.

Melinda could taste his tangy pre-come already as she swirled her tongue around his tip.  While she wove her spell that left Jake moaning on the bed, 
surrendered to her, her left hand found the plug between his buttocks and tugged it free.  He groaned slightly louder and his cock twitched as it slid 
free.  Melinda pushed it back inside and withdrew it again a few seconds later, the penetration and withdrawal both causing a groan and slight surge 
in his dick.  Melinda sat up, catching his slippery cock with her right hand as it fell from her mouth.  She casually stroked it as she shuffled forwards to 
sit up between Jake's legs.

She kept stroking slowly while she also slid the butt plug in and out a few more times.  Jake opened his legs slightly to allow her better access, 
although Melinda could not tell whether this was intended or subconscious.  Jake's eyes were closed and the only distinctive response from him was his 
groaning.  He was lying placidly, enjoying Melinda's attentions.  She could certainly give a good blow-job, he thought, and whatever trick she was 
doing below with that strange toy was pretty good too.

Jake felt her pushing below again, and as she applied more force he realised that this was a slightly larger toy.  He groaned loudly as she pushed it 
in.  It was an amazing feeling of fullness that seemed to amplify the sensations from her thin fingers sliding gently up and down his shaft.  If she 
were to ride him now, he would be in heaven.  She kept pushing the toy in and out as she stroked away.  Jake turned towards her and opened his eyes, 
ready to signal to her what he wished for.

He saw her between his legs, stroking his glistening dick, and then noticed her hips rotating slowly.  Suddenly he realised that the new toy in his 
ass was her dildo - she was fucking him with it!  Jake panicked and struggled.  Melinda tried to calm him but he pulled away from her, his dick 
slapping against his chest as she let go and his ass sliding silently free of the dildo.  Jake struggled to tear the gag off, fiddling with the knot 
even as Melinda was trying to calm him down.

By the time he tore the gag free he could not find the words.  He sat there speechless, and Melinda waited silently, watching the angry expression on 
his face.  He wanted to rage at her, for not telling him, for doing it without his permission - without him even knowing.

"You were fucking me," Jake pointed out indignantly, not knowing what to say and so resorting to the obvious truth.  Suddenly the anger fell from his 
face, replaced by a more sorrowful expression.  "I'm so embarrassed," Jake admitted.  He looked away, casting his eyes down to the bed.

"There's no need to be," she reassured him.  "I mean, you enjoyed it didn't you?"

Jake couldn't bring himself to answer.  His shame was amplified by the truth of Melinda's assertion.

"Lots of guys enjoy it," Melinda told him.  "Straight guys," she added quickly, warding off his next question.

"I just feel really... odd.  I mean, I don't feel odd - particularly - although it was a bit odd, I mean I feel that I am odd," Jake mumbled, not 
looking up, and not making much sense.

"If I had been lying on that bed, and you'd been fucking me in the ass, and I'd been screaming my head off telling you how much I loved it, would you 
have thought less of me?" Melinda asked.

Jake looked up and a wry smile crept slowly across his lips as he formulated his response.  "I probably would have thought more of you," he told her.

"Exactly.  So where's the problem?"

Jake didn't answer, and sat on the bed thinking about this as Melinda came behind him and sat down, loosely hugging him, keeping her pelvis far enough 
away that her dildo would not accidentally poke him.  

"I'm sorry," she said genuinely.

"You know, I don't think you have anything to be sorry for," Jake told her.  "I should be sorry."  He turned his head as best he could and she leaned 
forward so that they could share a quick awkward kiss.

"Did you want to stop?" Melinda asked him.

"No.  I think I want to carry on from roughly where we were," Jake said over his shoulder, but he did not turn round far enough to be able to see 
Melinda's wide grin.

Melinda leaned back on the bed until she was lying down behind Jake, her legs awkwardly either side of his body.  "Lean back," Melinda said and Jake 
did so, automatically putting his arms either side of Melinda's chest to stop himself from falling backwards.  "Good, now lift up your bum and keep 
coming towards me," she instructed as she lifted up the dildo from the small pool of lubricant it had left on her shirt.  She carefully guided it 
inside Jake as he lowered himself downwards, ending up perched like a crab atop Melinda, his arms and legs supporting him as he faced away from her.  
All he could see of her was her legs - she was still wearing the trousers of her suit.

Melinda smiled.  Despite being on the bottom, she was in control.  She started rolling her hips to slowly push in and out of Jake, while she began 
casually playing with Jake's dick, as if it were just some distraction to pass the time.  However, even this merest of attention was enough to quickly 
make him hard again.  She kept up a steady rhythm as she played, never varying her tempo until she felt him building to his finale, at which point she 
suddenly stopped.  A quiet howl of anguish broke the silence in the room.  Melinda grasped his hips and made him ride her slightly faster until she 
decided he had calmed down enough - in temper and in arousal.

She began rubbing his dick again, pre-come oozing from the tip as he sat above her, his frozen pose disrupted only by the gentle bucking 
of her hips beneath his.  He implored her to stroke harder and faster but instead she slowed and used only a light touch, brushing him almost as if by 
accident rather than intent.

"Please," Jake said simply.

"What?" Melinda said innocently.

"Finish me off."

"Aren't you having fun?"

"Yes," Jake said breathlessly.

"Why do you want it to end then?" Melinda asked.  Jake could not answer.  

"Get up for a moment," she told him.  "Close your eyes," she added as he sat on the bed beside her.  He did so, but she decided to make sure he would 
not be able to see.  She ferreted in the complimentary welcome pack that the hotel had provided until she found a sleeping mask.  She slipped it down 
onto Jake's head, covering his eyes.  He wrinkled his nose slightly to shift the towelled blindfold into the right place.  Jake sat still while he 
listened to Melinda making rustling noises next to him.  The room still smelt of the scented oil that had been rubbed into his back - and, he 
suspected, was also the source of the unpleasant slickness he could feel inside his empty bottom.

"Give me your hand," Melinda told him and he held it out for her.  She took his warm, large right hand in her own small delicate left and guided it to her 
chest.  Jake felt her soft smooth naked skin under his hand.  As Melinda guided his hand for him, he felt a gentle slope as his hand was guided to the 
top of her ample soft breasts.  Melinda bit her lip to avoid moaning as his hand brushed across her erect nipple.  She moved his hand onwards, down 
the centre of her chest, over her fairly flat stomach - she was proud of that.  When his hand went past her navel, heading 
downwards to the heat between her legs, she moved it sideways and instead made him feel the top of her round thigh.

Melinda let go of his hand and guided Jake to one end of the bed, on his hands and knees.  He waited awkwardly, not knowing what was happening as 
Melinda positioned herself on her back at the other end of the bed.  Their two bodies formed a long line on the bed - their feet at opposite ends and 
their heads almost touching in the middle, Jake facing downwards and Melinda facing upwards.  She held his head and guided him forwards until his 
mouth was above hers, and she pulled him down to kiss him, their chins touching each other's noses as they kissed upside-down.

When they stopped, Melinda whispered: "Just explore with your mouth this time."  Jake shuffled forwards and lowered his head to kiss Melinda's chest.  
He moved forward, the feel of her skin on his lips guiding him as he kissed his way to the summit of her yielding breast, and took her nipple in his 
mouth.  This time she did not suppress her moan as he sucked on her hard teat, before he attended to the other in the same way.  Melinda watched his 
naked body edging forward above her head as he continued down her body, tickling her slightly as he went past her navel.

When his nose was in turn tickled by the wisps of hair at the closest edge of her pubic triangle, Melinda put her hands firmly on his sides to stop 
him.  She tilted her head back and licked the tip of his hard prick, where it dangled provocatively in front of her face.  Without using her hands she 
sucked the head of his penis into her mouth, rapidly gobbling up half its length as he moaned with longing.  The sensitive front of his head was 
pushed against the firm roof of her mouth while her delicate tongue darted around the back of his shaft, intermittently finding the ultra-sensitive 
area where the foreskin joined the head.

Jake groaned loudly, for a moment believing that he would come in her mouth then, but she let him go and the moment passed, his dick once more 
slippery with her saliva, but once more hanging neglected in the cool open air.  Jake was distracted from his disappointment by the faint feeling of 
warmth on his forehead, radiating from what lay ahead.  He continued his progress down Melinda's body, planting his final few kisses in her soft wiry 
curls as he angled his head to kiss between her spread thighs.  

He felt her wetness around his mouth as his blind kiss found her slightly-spread, slick labia.  Before Jake did anything more he was distracted by her 
soft breasts pushing against the sensitive head of his dick.  He moaned and realised that Melinda was doing it deliberately, wrapping his hard cock in 
the soft blanket of her breasts.  When nothing more happened, Jake returned his attention to her pussy.  He shifted his weight to lie on top of 
Melinda, to allow him to bring his hands to bear on her groin.

"Uh-uh.  No hands," Melinda reminded him when she felt his hands brush the backs of her thighs.  To enforce her desire, she pulled his arms away, 
pushing them up onto his back behind him.  She spotted the discarded bow-tie on the bed beside her, still wet from its use as a gag earlier.  She 
picked it up and used it to bind his wrists together behind his back.

Unfazed - in fact, slightly aroused by her take-charge attitude - Jake pushed his face forwards against Melinda's pussy and extended his tongue to 
locate her clitoris.  He found it easily, and in response Melinda clamped her legs around Jake's head to hold him in place.  With the blindfold on, he 
could already see nothing.  With her legs tight around his head, he could no longer hear anything either.  The blood was rushing to his head, leaving 
him disoriented, and all he could smell and taste was her pussy.  All he could do, with his hands bound behind his back, was lick.  In short, it was 
bliss.

Melinda moaned as she was finally pleasured.  She had been delaying her own fun for a long time to play with Jake but now it was her turn.  Due to the 
angling of Jake's head and a slight height difference, his cock had ended up between her breasts in this pseudo-69, and his bottom and thighs were 
immediately next to her chin so that she could not put her head up if she tried.  Blindly, she felt around on the bed with her hand until she found 
her discarded dildo.  She picked it up and pulled the dildo from the harness, wielding it like a dagger above her head as she tried to locate Jake's 
hole with the head.  She heard a distant groan from between her thighs as she stabbed it inside him, but it was a groan of pleasure rather than pain 
as his ass was once more invaded.

Jake was feeling light-headed now, his head hot from being jammed between Melinda's thighs.  He was barely able to breathe: his nose trapped in a 
small area between Melinda's pussy and the ruffled bed-covers, which were wet with a small pool of her wetness; his mouth was near-glued to her wet 
pussy by suction, opened wide to allow his tongue unfettered access to her womanhood.  However, he was distracted from these annoyances by the feel of 
her breasts around his dick and the enjoyable fucking of his ass.

His tongue was licking so fast and with mechanical consistency that it was as if there was a sex toy between Melinda's thighs.  But it was not boring 
with a single action like a cat with milk - rather, it was as if Jake had a complex mental map of her pussy that he was following, flicking her 
clitoris and then sucking it, running down the insides of her labia and then sucking the edges of them into his mouth, racing around as if on a tight 
deadline.  Some days Melinda might have complained, but right now she wanted firm and fast - Jake was certainly providing it.

Melinda continued to slide the dildo in and out at a regular pace, grasping the base as if it were a handle, and thrusting it in until her curled 
fingers hit Jake's greased, dilated hole.  She could feel herself getting close to her climax already, and she shouted to Jake to tell him - releasing 
her vice-like grip on his head momentarily to ensure he heard.  She pushed the dildo all the way inside him - a small lip just before its wide base 
allowed it to serve as a makeshift butt plug - and began squashing her breasts inwards to massage Jake's dick.  The oscillating movements on his cock 
were not much, but after he had been denied his climax for so long, it was agonisingly close to being enough.

While Jake found himself once more on the edge of orgasm, Melinda's hips were bucking - and his head with them - as she came, screaming loud enough 
for Jake to hear in his dark and quiet prison where all he could smell and taste was her sex.  At last he was released and he drew deep breaths of 
fresh air as he put his head up, his mouth and cheeks covered in her juices.

"Please make me come," he begged when he had recovered his breath and unstuck his dry tongue from the walls of his mouth.  In response, he was pushed 
sideways onto his back and his cock was rewarded with a deep warm, wet kiss.  Melinda sucked hard, once, and Jake finally came.  As if she had merely 
sucked a milkshake through a straw, her oral efforts were rewarded with Jake's come filling her mouth.  She readily swallowed while he groaned 
loudly beneath her, released from the teasing and torment to spurt freely inside her mouth.

When Jake finally finished spilling his copious load - and Melinda had swallowed it all - his hands and eyes were freed.

"Did you have fun?" Melinda asked perkily.

"Uh-huh," was all Jake could manage, but he nodded vigorously.  "Tell me," he added after he had taken a few moments to recover, "how are you so damn 
good in bed?"

"I think it's because I give men what they really enjoy, not what they ask for," Melinda said cryptically.  "Of course, I also don't forget to take 
something for myself."  She leaned over him, and his tired lips and tongue were put into action one last time, to finish it all with a kiss.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Some Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





