BDSM Library - My First Christmas in Slavery




My First Christmas in Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It was the first Christmas for Debbee as a slave girl to her cruel master. When she received some BDSM presents from her master she was pleased, but when she was forced to be a fairy on the Christmas tree things became much nastier for the young girl.







My first Christmas in Slavery



 
  pall
   jim
  2
  39
  2006-12-08T17:13:00Z
  2006-12-08T17:13:00Z
  1
  6039
  34424
  The HENLEY College
  286
  80
  40383
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  1
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My
first Christmas in Slavery

&nbsp;

A
short story for the festive season

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

It
was my first Christmas as a slave girl. I was looking forward to the special
day because I was hoping my master might have something special planned to
celebrate my first Christmas of slavery to him. Only last Christmas I was a
young innocent 15 year old girl, enjoying normal life as a teenager. Now I had
recently passed my 16th birthday and I was a permanent slave girl to
a dominant master. I reckon I�m very attractive with a well-developed body for
my young age and lovely blue eyes to go with my long blonde hair. My face looks
innocent but I�m no longer innocent. My six months in slavery have taught me
everything about BDSM. I have experienced all kinds of strict bondage, been
subjected to heavy discipline and have learnt through the pain of regular
punishments to be a completely submissive slave girl. My master
is an older man and a cruel sadist who expects total obedience from me. I am
now a well-trained slave girl and my only desires in my life of slavery are to
serve my master without question. When I was first kidnapped as a 15 year old
girl and sold to my master, I was desperate to be free. Now, thoughts of escape
from my master never enter my mind and I freely accept that I am going to be
his slave girl for ever.� 

&nbsp;

�Good
morning, Debbee, my little slave slut!� he said.
�Have you had a good night? It�s Christmas Day and we need to celebrate your
first Christmas as my slave girl. Get up, slut, and let�s take you to my
bedroom. I have a few things in store for you.� 

&nbsp;

I
was woken up by my master in my small locked cell. It was cold in my master�s
cellars and I slept virtually naked in chains on the mattress of my single bed
in my cell. Whatever the weather I was allowed no covering and his cellars were
cold and damp. The thin mattress was covered in shiny black PVC so my
semi-naked body always touched the cold material. Lying on my bed, I was
wearing my slave girl uniform of a brief black leather bra and matching thong
panties, the only clothes I was ever allowed as a slave girl, apart from my
permanent leather collar and a pair of very high heels. I accepted my uniform
and never asked to wear anything else.

&nbsp;

My
master�s cellars were quite extensive and ran all the way underneath his large
secluded house. He�d had them well-equipped solely for the training and
discipline of his slave girls. There were at least five cells that I knew of in
his cellars but at present I was the only inhabitant. Over the recent months I
was aware of several young girls locked in the other cells. I had heard the
young girls crying and at times I had seen them being brought in and out of
their cells by my master. They were usually in various states of distress.
There was also a large, well-equipped playroom/dungeon in the cellars where I
spent a lot of my time in bondage, enduring many heavy discipline activities.
It was also where I was punished regularly. 

&nbsp;

My
master unlocked my barred cell door and I was pleased to see him. Spending all
night alone chained up to my bed in a cold, dark cell was very lonely. My
leather collar had been chained to the iron bed head and one of my wrists was
also chained and cuffed to the top of the bed. I always slept in chains even
though my cell door was kept locked. If he was displeased with me he would
chain me up in a spread-eagle position with my wrists and ankles cuffed to the
four corners of the bed. Sometimes if he was feeling really nasty, he would
remove the mattress and chain me semi-naked to the exposed bed springs. I didn�t
get much sleep those nights lying spread-eagled on the cold hard springs. As a
slave girl, I was well used to very strict bondage by now. 

&nbsp;

After
releasing me from the bed, he fastened a longer leash chain to a D ring in my
collar and attached steel handcuffs to my wrists pulling them behind my back.
He took me from my cell and I followed him upstairs to his main house. He led
me up the steep stairs from his cellars and I tottered on tiptoe on my 6�
stiletto heels. I had got used to wearing my high heels during my months of
slavery and I often had to stand in them for long hours. My toes had been
permanently crushed into them and I wasn�t sure I could ever walk without them
again. The dark stairs from the dungeon were always difficult to negotiate in the
heels and I didn�t dare stumble or I would be punished. He led me by my neck
chain through a heavy locked door to the main house. I walked submissively
behind him, looking forward to spending perhaps the whole of Christmas Day in
his warm house. 

&nbsp;

He
took me straight to his bedroom which was luxurious and designed to his tastes.
His bedroom had red walls and ceiling, a black carpet and a huge double bed
with black satin sheets and covers. It was a true fetish bedroom and I felt
very much at home in it, now that I was well-trained in all aspects of BDSM. On
the walls there were large photos of young naked girls in many states of strict
bondage and suffering a variety of punishments. All of the girls were beautiful
and their bodies bore countless marks of whippings and torture. He informed me
that they had all been his slave girls and that he liked looking at their
photos. I told him I was looking forward to the time when my photo was
displayed too. He told me I had to wait as they were his previous slave girls,
who had all been sold to other buyers across the world. 

&nbsp;

�Now,
Debbee, get on your knees like a good little slut! It
may be Christmas but you�re still going to show me how submissive you are.�

&nbsp;

He
led me to the side of his bed and made me kneel. I knelt down meekly as I was
trained to do. He said I had been a good slave girl recently and that he wanted
to give me some Christmas presents. He told me that he wasn�t going soft on me
and that the presents were part of my slavery anyway. I was very excited. He
told me to strip off my bra and panties as he wanted to give me something to
replace them. He showed me a brand new bra and panties set, unwrapped, because
he told me that slave sluts didn�t deserve any wrapping. My eyes widened in
surprise when I saw my present. My master had never bought me anything before
as a present. It was a new bra and panties set in gleaming black leather. He
ordered me to remove my present slave uniform and he unlocked the steel cuffs
from my wrists so I could remove my leather underwear. Although I was now free
of bondage I had no thoughts of escape or making anything of my temporary
freedom. I was a very well-trained slave girl. I had become used to bondage and
even liked the feeling of strict restraint which I had always experienced
during my months in slavery. 

&nbsp;

I
unclipped my scanty bra and then stood up to pull the panties down my legs. I
stepped out of them. He ordered me to put them on the bed. Then he locked the
handcuffs back on my wrists and I knelt again at his feet, now completely
naked, with my hands pulled behind my back. I still kept my high heels on.

&nbsp;

I
had worn the bra and panties all the time ever since I arrived at his house six
months ago and by now they were well worn and battered by all the punishments I
had received. The bra cups were� torn across the middle leaving my
nipples uncovered. The leather had been worn away by the effect of countless
whips, canes and rods being lashed across my breasts. Likewise my leather
panties were split open down the centre of the crotch where the leather had
been worn and frayed by the many whippings I had received between my legs.

&nbsp;

�Before
you get to wear your present you�d better clean your old bra and panties. So,
slut, get licking! Think of this as your Christmas breakfast!�

&nbsp;

Still
kneeling, I bent my face over my bra lying on the bed and began licking the
leather bra all over especially the inside of the cups which smelt dirty and
sweaty from weeks and months of constant wear. The leather cups were also
covered in my own caked blood from the countless whippings I had endured over
my young breasts. My master was very cruel and sadistic and often told me that
he liked nothing better than to give �a slut slave a good tit-whipping�. I
licked all the dried blood off and cleaned every inch of the bra. It was not
easy with my hands cuffed but I had learnt to do everything as a slave girl
with my hands in bondage. 

&nbsp;

The
leather thong panties were worse to clean as they were coated in a mixture of
my sticky vaginal fluid, filthy shit as well as my blood. I licked all over the
inside of my panties for ages until they were clean. Again it was difficult
without the use of my bound hands but I managed to do everything with my
tongue. I had worn these bra and panties since I began my slavery but they had
never been washed so I had to lick clean months of filth from my own body. My
master sat on his bed watching me throughout. After working on my dirty panties
for a long time my tongue and mouth became very sore. I desperately wanted a drink
as I was now very thirsty but I dared not ask for one. I looked up at my master
imploringly but he was enjoying my humiliation. Even on Christmas Day I was
going to get no favours from him.

&nbsp;

Once
I had finished, he threw my old slave girl outfit into the bin and gave me my
new set to wear. 

&nbsp;

�Right,
put your Christmas present on, slut bitch, and you�d better be very grateful or
I�ll punish you severely.�

&nbsp;

�Thank
you, master, your slave girl is very pleased with her present,� I replied
submissively.

&nbsp;

He
removed my handcuffs again so I could put on my new leather bikini. I fastened
on the skimpy bra and pulled the tiny panties up my legs. The smell and feel of
the new gleaming leather made me feel good.

&nbsp;

�Now
show your self off as a whore and a slave slut, Debbee!�
he commanded, sitting back on his bed. �I want to be entertained!�

&nbsp;

I
was very happy to parade round his bedroom in my new skin-tight bra and
panties. I felt very sexy and fondled my firm breasts and pushed them upwards
so they strained against the restraining leather of my bra. I was proud of my
ample breasts which measured a pleasing 34D which I thought was well-developed
for a 16 year old. I ran my fingers all round my nipples to make them hard and
to help them show clearly through the shiny leather bra cups. I also ran my
fingers along the line of my crotch, fondling my clit beneath the gleaming
skin-tight leather. 

&nbsp;

I
wanted so much to please my master on Christmas Day and I could see he was
getting excited as I showed off my young body. I loved the feel of the tight
new leather bikini on my body. My master watched me closely, dressed in his
black leather jeans and matching waistcoat top. 

&nbsp;

�I
hope you like me, master, dressed in my Christmas present,� I said as I cradled
my hand under my bra cups and pushed up my breasts. �Please, master, I want you
to do whatever you want to me. I am totally yours for Christmas. Debbee is your very willing slave girl and I want to give
you a very pleasurable Christmas. Please dominate and abuse me, in whatever way
you wish, master!� 

&nbsp;

�What
a good little slut you are. I�m certainly going to abuse you and I�m going to
give you a Christmas you�ll remember, my slave slut!� First, you�d better get working as a good
little cock sucker!�


I didn�t need a second bidding and I clambered onto his bed and slid my head
down to his waist. I used my teeth to unzip him but had to use my fingers to
pull his hard, throbbing cock from his black leather briefs. It was very sweaty
but I quickly plunged my wet mouth over it. I loved his cock when it was
greasy. My lips sucked away at it and I took it deep into my mouth, right to
the back of my throat. I worked keenly on his rampant hard cock, wanting so
much to serve and please my master well. I eagerly sucked his huge hard cock for
ages, wanting to give him a really special Christmas blow-job. I soon had it
throbbing very fast until he shot his thick cream right into my mouth and I
gulped it down greedily. My master often complimented me on being a good
cock-sucker and I liked that. I then licked every inch of his huge cock,
cleaning off all his sweat and cum. 

&nbsp;

�That�s
was good, my little slave slut,� he said as he zipped himself up. �I think you
deserve your next present now.�

&nbsp;

I
knelt back on the floor at the side of his bed, waiting for my next order and
excited by the thought of another gift. Slave girls didn�t receive gifts, I
thought, and I could hardly wait as he pulled out of a box my next present. He
handed me a full head discipline helmet in gleaming black leather. By now, I
had experienced most of his extensive bondage equipment and I had worn helmets
and harnesses of all kinds for hours, even days, on end. I was genuinely
delighted to be given a brand new discipline helmet and as I touched it the
leather felt very glossy and smooth. 

&nbsp;

�Now
put this on, you little bitch. It�s time you had some strict bondage while I
watch some television. I�ve spent a lot of money on a new discipline helmet for
you so you�d better be grateful, slut!�

&nbsp;

�Thank
you, master,� I replied keeping my head bowed in submission. �It�s a lovely
present and I will be very pleased to wear it.�



I
was keen to try it on and I pulled it over my head immediately. It felt very
tight. Although I couldn�t see now I moved my head submissively towards him. I
felt him lace the helmet up very tightly all the way down the back to my neck.
It felt very sensuous as the leather fitted my face very securely, just like a
second skin. It covered my ears, and eyes leaving a hole for my mouth and two
tiny nose holes for me to breathe. The smell of the new leather was very
arousing. I guessed I wouldn�t have to wait long for a gag and he soon thrust a
thick rubber phallus gag into my mouth. I was well used to gags of all kinds
and my master liked to gag me and keep me in strict bondage for long
periods.� Leather straps were pulled
tight and fastened the gag securely in my mouth. I felt more straps go under my
chin and around my head. The helmet was quickly made very secure and my head
was cocooned inside a prison of skin-tight leather.

&nbsp;

I
couldn�t see or hear or talk but soon found myself thrown on to the floor. I
felt my wrists and ankles bound very tightly and from the way the bonds sunk
into my flesh I guessed I was bound with electrical flex. My master liked this
bondage as it hurt very quickly. My feet and wrists were pulled together in a
tight hog-tie and then further bound. I could sense a chain being fixed to a
ring in the top of my leather helmet and then yanked hard back to my ankles. In
this way my body was arched painfully backwards, with my breasts and thighs
lifted off the floor. It was a hard hog-tie and it put
a lot of pressure on my limbs. I was well-used to such positions after my
months of slavery; fortuntanately, my young body was nice
and supple but it was still a tough bondage position for me.

&nbsp;

The
tight flex sank deep into the flesh of my wrists and ankles and the leather
discipline helmet cut off all noise and awareness of anything else. I was in
this very strict bondage for what seemed like a couple of hours. My whole body
hurt as it was doubled up painfully but I was still happy in my bondage.
Strangely, I had come to like hog-tie bondage as it made me feel completely
helpless and I sometimes went for many hours bound in a tight ball. As I lay
there unable to move an inch, I wondered what punishments my master had in
store for me next. He was always sadistic towards me and I knew that he
wouldn�t stop at bondage, however strict.

�

Eventually,
I felt myself being released. During my bondage my nose was full of the smell
of the new leather which was quite arousing. I also liked the tight lacing and
didn�t mind the large cock gag stretching my mouth. What was tough for me was
the painful hog-tie and the cruel flex cutting into my flesh. I was quite
relieved to be unbound but it took some time to remove my bondage as the flex
had buried itself in my flesh of my wrists and ankles.��� 

&nbsp;

My
bondage session over, I was dragged to my feet and my master re-attached the
chain to my collar. He led me to his kitchen and told me I had to prepare
Christmas lunch for him. He insisted on a menu of chicken with chips and fried
vegetables and he insisted that I use the frying pan and the chip pan on a high
heat, using both of them next to each other on the stove. He then made me remove
my bra so that my ample, pointed breasts were naked. I was now virtually naked,
except for my tiny leather thong panties, and I began cooking his Christmas
lunch. I wondered why he wanted me like this but I soon found out. My master
was always cruel to me, even on Christmas Day.

&nbsp;

He
watched me working on his lunch for about half an hour from a chair in the
kitchen. He leisurely drank a beer while my mouth was still dry from licking my
underwear. The only drink I�d had all morning was his sticky cum. Watching him
slowly drink a cold beer while I sweated away over the heat with a very sore
mouth and lips was real torture for me but I knew I had to endure it. If I�d
even dared to ask for a little drink I would be severely punished. He would
have probably doubled me over right there and given me dozens of hard strokes
with his cane. 

&nbsp;

I
concentrated on cooking his lunch but the heat from the stove made my naked
body run with sweat and made me feel even more thirsty.
He loved to humiliate me and even came close to me as he drank his beer to make
me feel worse. At one point he dropped some beer over my front, letting it run
down my breasts and belly to humiliate me but he kept the cool drink
tantalisingly away from my parched lips. 

&nbsp;

As
I continued cooking for him and both pans were well heated, he came up behind
me. He told me to turn the heat under the two pans up to full. I was becoming
scared now as the fat began to spit up from the two pans and over my naked
body. I tried to move back a little from the stove as the fat was spitting all
over my naked breasts and belly and burning me. 

&nbsp;

�Stick
your tits out, slut!� he said and immediately pulled my arms behind my back and
jerked them high up so they were touching my neck. In this position I was bent
over the stove and the hot oil from the burning pans began spurting all over my
hanging breasts. 

&nbsp;

�OOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhh!!! Please,
master, no!� I cried with the pain as the hot fat burnt my naked flesh.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
whimper, slave slut!� he shouted and twisted my hands even higher. �If you�re
not careful I�ll shove your tits right into the burning fat!�

&nbsp;

I
was terrified as my heaving breasts hung down inches above the boiling fat.
There was one breast above each of the pans and I daren�t move an inch. I now
knew why I had to work with two pans on the go. The hot fat kept spitting over
my nipples and I couldn�t stop myself sobbing with the pain.� 

&nbsp;

He
bent me over even further so my breasts were just inches above the spitting
pans. He held me there for what seemed like ages. I didn�t dare to scream in
case he carried out his terrible cruel threat but the pain was extreme as the
boiling hot fat covered my naked breasts and nipples. Still yanking my arms up
high, he pulled my head by the hair with his other hand so he could look
straight into my tearful eyes.

&nbsp;

�I
wouldn�t want you to get cold on Christmas Day, slut!� he said as he looked
straight into my tearful eyes. �It�s freezing cold outside so some nice hot fat
will keep your body warm.�

&nbsp;

�Please,
master, it hurts so much,� I pleaded with him hoping he might show some pity
towards me on this special day. I didn�t normally plead with my master as he
was always very cruel to me and never showed me any mercy. If I protested too
much I was always punished even more.� I
couldn�t stop myself from crying as the hot fat was hurting me so much. My
breasts felt as if they were on fire as they hung inches above the boiling fat.
After what seemed like five minutes bent over the boiling hot pans, my master
finally relaxed my arms and let me stand up. 

&nbsp;

�Finish
my dinner, slut, and it had better be good or I�ll
really burn your tits!�

&nbsp;

I
shook with terror but somehow managed to concentrate on his meal. When I had
finished cooking I had to carry the meal through to the dining area and serve
my master. I was his slave girl and I had to carry out his every command.

&nbsp;

My
master sat at the table enjoying his Christmas meal while I had to kneel on the
floor beside him with my hands behind my back. While he ate the chicken and
chips with lashings of tomato sauce and several bottles of beer, he made me eat
a bowl of cat food. That was my normal food as his slave girl. I had got used
to eating always on my knees with my hands held behind my back so I managed to
eat without toppling over. Because it was Christmas he gave me some of his
bones and made me lick the plate clean when he had finished. I was very thirsty
and watching him drink all the beer was pure torture for me. Eventually,
because it was a special day, he spat a mouthful of wine in my mouth.

&nbsp;

�That�s
for being a good little slave slut,� he said as he continued to drink the wine
all to himself. �I�ve got some surprises for you soon, Debbee,
and I don�t think you�re going to like them all.� 

&nbsp;

At
the end of the meal and several bottles of beer, he unzipped his pants and
pissed straight into a bowl, putting it on the floor in front of me. I didn�t
have to wait to be told. I knew what to do from my daily slave duties and bent
my head submissively right into the bowl. My hair fell forward into the
foul-smelling liquid and I began drinking his warm piss which filled the deep
bowl. I lapped it up, slurping it all down and licking the bowl spotless when I
had drunk it all.

&nbsp;

While
my master watched television I cleared away the dishes and did the washing up.
I was pleased to be doing household chores for a while instead of being in
bondage and receiving punishment. I was happy to serve him and obey his every
command. I was kept very busy looking after his every need but he became angry
when I gave him coffee that wasn�t hot enough.

&nbsp;

�You stupid slut! You�ll
have to learn how to make proper coffee!� he shouted. �Bring me a sprig of
holly, bitch! You deserve a special Christmas beating!�



I
took down one of the hanging Christmas decorations and handed it to my master.
It was a bunch of prickly holly and I trembled when I thought what he�d do with
it. He then ordered me to kneel in front of him, clasp my hands behind my head
and thrust my naked breasts out. He held the long
  branch of holly and raising it up high he brought it
down hard across my naked breasts. I gasped with the pain but kept my position,
trying not to move. He hit me again with the prickly holly and the sharp spikes
lining the green leaves cut into the tender flesh around my nipples.

&nbsp;

�OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH!!� I sobbed
with the pain as he hit me again and again.

&nbsp;

�Don�t
whimper, slut! Stick your tits further out!� he ordered and I quickly obeyed,
thrusting my upper body as far forward as I could.

&nbsp;

Slash!
Slash! Slash! Slash! The sharp holly branch lashed across my pointed, heaving
breasts again and again. After many strokes he took up a new branch of holly
and continued to beat me. Slash! Slash! Slash! Slash! It hurt terribly and as I
looked down I could see countless spots of blood appearing from the many
vicious pricks in my young flesh. It felt like I was being beaten with sharp
needles because the holly branch had such sharp prickles along all its leaves!
He must have given me dozens of lashes across my breasts and my eyes filled
with tears. I tried very hard not to cry out but the tears were running down my
cheeks. Somehow, I managed to stay still throughout the beating, holding my
hands tightly behind my head and keeping my breasts thrust out. When he finally
finished beating my naked breasts with the sharp holly he ordered me to stand
up and spread my legs wide. He then shoved the holly branch between my legs and
pulled it back and forth viciously, rubbing the sharp spikes on my tender pussy
lips. I shook with pain as I felt the hundreds of sharp pin pricks piercing my
tender labia and the tops of my thighs.�
I sobbed with the pain but I didn�t dare move for fear of even more
punishment. I knew that as a slave girl I had to endure any torture to please
my master. 

&nbsp;

�Now
I have one final gift to give you, my sweet little slave slut,� said my master
as he took a white dress from a box. �It�s a fairy costume and you�re going to
be my special fairy on the top of a Christmas tree!�

&nbsp;

�Thank
you, master, Th..Thank..thank..you,� I stammered
with shock as I took the dress from him. I couldn�t believe my sadistic master
was giving me a dress! For months I had only worn the black leather bra and
briefs which had been my slave girl outfit, when I hadn�t been naked. Now I was
being given a present of a white fairy dress! �Thank you, master, for your
lovely present. I hope you like me in the outfit and I want to make all your
wishes come true.�� 

&nbsp;

I
fondled the flimsy white dress which was made of thin shiny satin and wondered
how I�d look in a pretty feminine dress. I hadn�t worn a dress for months ever
since I�d become a slave girl and I was keen to try it on. My master told me to
remove my black thong panties so I was naked underneath the dress and I also
had to unbuckle my black high heels. He gave me a white pair of shoes with even
higher heels to match my fairy outfit. I pulled the dress down over my body and
did up the back zip. It fitted very tightly and was so short it barely covered
the tops of my thighs. It felt so good! It had a plunging neckline and my firm
breasts pushed out the top of the clinging dress. I winced as my whipped
breasts rubbed on the tight satin material but I liked the way my breasts
bulged out of the low top.� I buckled on
the pair of shoes which crushed my toes; they were so high, I was forced to
stand on a painful �en pointe� position. I loved the
dress as it had plenty of frills around the sleeves and neckline and I thought
I looked really feminine. I stood in front of my master feeling a very proud
slave girl.

&nbsp;

He
made me parade round the room and I was so pleased to be walking around in a
pretty dress. I was feeling very happy about my first Christmas as a slave girl
and I couldn�t believe I�d been given such a lovely present. It wasn�t like my
master to show any kindness or mercy to me ever; he was always cruel to me so I
did start to wonder what he would make me do as his fairy. I tottered around
the room in my incredible heels, letting the dress ride up my thighs. I showed
off my long legs to my appreciative master even though it was difficult to walk
in the 8� heels. I kept my head upright and clasped my hands firmly behind my
back so my breasts were thrust out. I liked the way my firm breasts strained at
the tight material. I really wanted to turn my master on and please him in any
way I could.

&nbsp;

�Now,
you pretty little slave slut, it�s time to fasten you to the Christmas tree.�
He spoke the words in a cold voice and I soon became afraid. I was dressed a
fairy but I guessed I was soon going to be doing more than just showing off my
female charms. I couldn�t see a Christmas tree in the house and I wondered with
some trepidation what he was going to do to me now.

He attached a chain to my leather slave collar and led me outside the house
into his extensive garden. His house was situated in acres of land, miles from
anywhere and he had always told me that no one would know I was his slave girl,
no one would ever find me and that I could never escape. Although at first I
wanted to be free from slavery I was now resigned to my life as my master�s
slave girl. I knew that even if he had released me into his grounds I wouldn�t
have tried to escape. I had been well trained to be submissive and obey my
master in everything. 

&nbsp;

I
had been outside the large house a few times before when he had made me into a
pony girl with a full leather harness, reins, tight leather corset and
arm-binder, collar and a huge bit in my mouth. Fastened to a cart I had to pull
him round the tracks of his estate for hours until I was exhausted. He whipped
me if I didn�t perform well enough and also dragged me naked through stinging
nettles as a punishment. Even though it had been hard labour I was excited by
all the harnesses and pony gear and I really looked forward to my next training
session as a pony girl. 

&nbsp;

I
was dragged behind him and I nearly fell in my very high heels as I tottered
across the icy ground of his garden. As soon as we were outside, the sub-zero
temperatures hit me. He was dressed in a large sheepskin coat but I was wearing
only the flimsy fairy dress. Underneath I was naked. Being December, it was
freezing outside and there was snow on the ground and ice everywhere. I just
hoped I wouldn�t have to stay outside for long as I might freeze to death. I
was frightened when I saw facing the back of the house a fir tree about ten
feet high which had a large St Andrews cross
fixed in front of it. He led me over to the tree which had lights decorating
it. I could see that the tree was the centrepiece of his garden and I guessed
that now I would be adorning it.

&nbsp;

�It�s
all ready for you so let�s see how you look as the fairy on my Christmas tree!�
he said as he made me stand with my back to the large wooden x-cross. The
structure was fixed almost into the tree so that the sharp fir spikes stuck
into my body. It wasn�t quite as painful as the breast-whipping with the holly
but it still hurt my unprotected flesh. I meekly spread my arms and legs like a
submissive slave girl. My master had an x-cross in his dungeon amongst all his
other torture equipment and I had been chained to it many times so I knew what
to do. He fastened thick leather straps around my wrists and ankles so I was
soon spread-eagled and helpless.

&nbsp;

�Now,
my sweet little slave slut, I think you need a bit more decoration as my
Christmas fairy. How about some tinsel around your body!� he said as he took
several lengths of glittery tinsel from a large box. It glistened and shone in
the lights on the tree but I thought it was strange that he handled the tinsel
with leather gloves. �This is very special tinsel, Debbee,
and I think you will enjoy it!�

&nbsp;

I
had always been a girl for lots of glitter and glitz so I was rather excited at
wearing some tinsel as well as my pretty fairy outfit. I soon had a shock,
though, when he wound the first length diagonally over both my breasts. This
was no ordinary tinsel but very thin barbed wire! I gasped with pain as he
pulled it tight over my breasts and the sharp barbs sunk into my flesh. He
wound another length around my waist and then through my legs. He pulled it
very tight so that it cut painfully right up into my tender naked pussy. He was
wearing thick leather gloves so he was able to pull the wire as tight as it
would go. The barbs went everywhere into my flesh and the pain was terrible. He
wound more lengths around both my thighs, calves and ankles and fastened them
again very tightly. More lengths of the wire went round both my arms and
finally a length was pulled around my neck and the cross several times. I dared
not move an inch for fear of driving the barbs deeper into my body. My whole
body seemed to be covered with the terrible sharp barbs! I started to cry with
the pain and the tears ran heavily down my face.

&nbsp;

�Stop
your whimpering, slut! You should feel pleased that you are sparkling nicely
now. You make a very good fairy on my Christmas tree!� he said as he stood back
to look at me. �Yes, you look a perfect fairy and the tinsel really suits you!
I have another nice surprise for you, my sweet slut. I think you may be thirsty
after your day�s hard work so I�m going to give you a long drink. Then I �m
going to give my mates a call to see if they�d like to come over for a few
Christmas drinks and we might all play with you later.�

&nbsp;

I
watched in terror from my spread-eagled position on the cross as he wheeled
into position in front of me some hosepipes and a metal stand. This wasn�t just
a drink I was going to get for my parched mouth but a soaking with cold water.
He fixed all the apparatus up a few feet in front of me and I could see three
pipes directed right at my body. He was very careful to point the jets straight
at me. I was cold enough bound to the cross on the tree without being drenched
in water! He walked away towards the house and turned on the water. Strong jets
of water immediately hit me, one jet right in my face, one directed at my
breast and one at my crotch. I gasped as the water hit my face and I thought
for a moment that I couldn�t breathe. The water was icy cold and combined with
the sub-zero temperatures it made my whole body shiver and shake with the cold.
I could hardly see anything with the water hitting my face but when I couldn�t
hear him, I guessed my master had retired to the house and the warmth which I
now craved. 

&nbsp;

I
tried to call out for mercy but I dared not open my mouth too much for fear of
drowning in the strong jet of water. I could only stand there spread-eagled on
the cross while the icy water drenched my whole body. I tried to turn my face
to one side to avoid the heavy jet hitting my face but when I did the barbed wire
sank deeper into my neck. I was completely helpless on the cross and I could
only hang there getting colder and colder. I just prayed that I wouldn�t freeze
to death and hoped that my master wanted to keep me as his slave girl so that
he would eventually come to rescue me.

&nbsp;

Hours
seemed to pass and I was all alone in the garden. I felt I was turning to ice
as my body became colder and colder. The water didn�t stop and I just wanted to
drown so my suffering would end. It was an awful torture to hang there on a
cross in the middle of winter and to be drenched in never-ending icy water. It
was an extreme punishment for a young girl!

Finally, to my relief the streams of water were turned off and I saw through my
tears a group of older men standing round me. It was my master and several of
his friends. I had met them before when they had helped my master to punish me
in his dungeon and I knew they were all very sadistic like him. I could see at
least 6 of them including my master, all of them smiling at my distress.

&nbsp;

�Well,
slut, we�ve all come to see you. We�ve all been drinking a lot inside my nice
warm house and we�ve come outside now for a while to abuse you.� I heard my
master say. �When we looked at you through the window it was very entertaining.
I must say, we all thought you looked a good fairy and I think all the lads
would like to take you home with them to put you on their Christmas trees! It�s
a shame that you look a very sad drowned fairy so we�ve all come to warm you
up. So, are you ready for a good whipping, slave slut? Come on, fellas, let�s take turns to whip this little slut and let�s
see how long it takes to strip her silly fairy costume off her body with our
whips. I want to see the young bitch naked! Here�s a bullwhip each, so who�s
going to be the first two to start on the slut? How about 30
lashes from each of us?�

&nbsp;

I
watched in terror as my master handed two of his men friends a long thick
bullwhip. As soon as I saw the whips, I was terrified. I hated the bullwhip and
had painful memories of previous punishments with it. I could endure most of
the other whips including the cat of nine tails, the martinet, short stingers
as well as canes and crops but the bullwhip caused real pain and hurt to my
body. I was certainly shivering with the freezing cold but I was now scared of
what more damage they would do to my body with their bullwhips.

&nbsp;

�Please,
no, take me down, please,� I whimpered, trying in vain to melt their icy
hearts. �Please, anything but the bullwhip, please don�t��

&nbsp;

The
master came right up to me and grabbed my face in his large hands. He squeezed
my frozen cheeks and looked straight into my terrified and tear-filled eyes.

&nbsp;

�You�re
going to learn that pleading with me just earns you more punishment, you little
slut. That�s another 10 lashes each to teach you a lesson, so you�ll get 40
lashes from all 6 of us. This is your final Christmas treat, slut! I want to
see you hanging from the tree totally naked like the good little slave slut you
are!�

&nbsp;

He
stepped back and told his mates to start whipping me. They had all been
drinking and were clearly feeling very violent towards me. I heard them calling
out things like �I want to whip that fairy outfit right off the bitch�s body!�
and �This is going to be so much fun whipping the little slut so she�s really
taught a lesson she won�t forget!� They then began to lash the bullwhips as
hard as they could across the front of my body. They took their time and gave
me vicious lashes across my heaving breasts, my belly and the front of my
thighs. Because my legs were spread wide, several of the lashes were directed
between my legs.

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!� I screamed
with the pain as lash after lash fell across my defenceless body. I threw my
head back in agony but the barbed wire cut further into my neck and I cried
with the extreme pain. I couldn�t writhe on the wooden cross because I was
bound tightly and the barbs were cutting into the skin on my thighs, legs,
arms, belly, breasts and right up into my precious labia. 

&nbsp;

Two
of the men took turns to whip me and my breasts, belly and thighs took the full
force of the heavy lashes. I watched in horror as each man raised the long
thick bullwhip and then brought it down hard across the front of my unprotected
body. When the first two men had given me their quota they passed the awful
whips to the next two and so my whipping went on relentlessly.

&nbsp;

As
their whips fell again and again, I could see more and more bits of my white
dress being cut off. They flew through the air as the whip came crashing down.
I couldn�t look down but I could feel my fairy dress being cut in two and
ripped to shreds by the hard leather strands of the bullwhip. I screamed but
the men just laughed at my futile crying.�
I prayed that my punishment would end but it was far from over as more
and more of my flimsy dress was ripped off by the whips. Finally, it was the
turn of my master and one of his friends to stand either side of me, cracking
their terrible bullwhips. My master was particularly vicious and urged on his
friend to whip me harder. I wanted desperately to faint so I wouldn�t feel any
more pain but they took the whipping slowly so I could recover between each
blow. They said they had all night and my master told me that he wanted me to
be fully conscious for every single lash. 

&nbsp;

After
what seemed like an eternity of suffering, I thought my dress must be torn off
by now. My master and the other man continued to whip me until they too had
given me their quota of lashes. I could even hear them calling out the number
of lashes until they had finished. 

&nbsp;

It
was a terrible torture and punishment but I had survived. All 6 men had given
me a long, hard whipping. Somehow I had endured the merciless punishment
although my whole body was wracked with pain. I could now feel the icy night
air on my naked body as I continued to hang on the wooden cross, tortured by
the barbed wire cutting into all parts of my body. My dreams of being a pretty
Christmas fairy were over.

&nbsp;

�Well,
Debbee, have you enjoyed your first Christmas as my
slave girl?� my master said as he shoved the thick handle of the bullwhip into
my mouth, ramming it between my teeth. �You can have this as a gag, now, and
you�d better not drop it! Christmas is not over for you yet. It won�t be long
before it�s the day after Christmas. Me and my mates
are going to have lots more fun with you then. As it�s
Boxing Day, perhaps we can have some fun with you as our punch-bag. Anyway,
sweet dreams, my little slave slut, until the morning!�� 

&nbsp;

I
was still conscious somehow and I could see the men returning to the house. I
was soon alone in my agonies outside in the freezing cold. I just hung there
helpless, the tears running down my face. I didn�t dare to cry out in case I
dropped the whip handle which would mean even more punishment. I was terrified
that I would have to spend the rest of the long, cold night on the cross. It
had been my first Christmas as a slave girl and one that I would never forget. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

This
is not the end of Debbee�s Christmas. What do you
think will happen to her tomorrow?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter de Sade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





