BDSM Library - Caroline\'s Awakening




Caroline\'s Awakening
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girlfriend comes home to find Boyfriend has a submissive side, and she exploits it to her advantage.







Caroline's Awakening

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-12-09T22:09:00Z
  2006-12-09T22:09:00Z
  1
  4097
  23357
   
  194
  54
  27400
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Caroline's
Awakening

&nbsp;

The
setting sun lazily flashed and flickered off the final water jump. Caroline dug
her boot heels in to goad her horse, Odyne, to complete the final jump. Before
the ripples caused by the mud falling from the horses hoofs had reached the
bank, she had crossed the line to what can only be described as polite, almost
sympathetic applause.

�Bugger�
she thought, disheartened in knowing that for the third year running she had
failed to finish inside the top six. She slowly cantered back to the paddock to
tend to her horse and prepare to pack. She needed to be back at the stables by
6, then home to get ready to catch the flight at 9. Time was getting short.

&nbsp;

�Caroline�.
She heard a male voice call and spun around. She quickly remembered that she
had brought someone along for moral support. She wasn�t an insecure person, but
she still felt a pang of disappointment at not finishing higher just to impress
this person. Especially as this particular person was her boyfriend and she had
dragged to this event.

�Hi Joe�
she purred, and gave him a quick peck on the check

�You
were� were magnificent� he stammered, �and good gravy, you look good enough to
eat!�. She smiled to herself, pleased with the reaction she had generated. She
could see in his eyes that he was completely captivated by her outfit. She
wondered what it was that generated such uncontrolled lust in males, was it the
tight jacket, the jodhpurs, the boots?

�Steady
on boy� she chided, �we are dignified company and we�ll have none of that smut
here!. But, seriously, thanks for coming with me today, it means a lot to me.
It�s just a shame I didn�t finish higher.� she pouted, fishing for more
compliments. She was pleased he had come today. What impressed her the most was
Joe had gone to the trouble of buying what he considered to be �Country
Clothes�. However, they looked so new and didn�t quite hang on his body
correctly that he looked disjointed and as far from a dignified country gent as
possible. �Bless� she thought.

�Oh, no
bother at all, I never realise you possessed such a talent. The way you
controlled that horse, bent it�s will, made it do what you wanted�.� he almost
drooled.

�OK,
that�s enough� she warned. �If you can keep your libido under control for a
moment, perhaps can you be a sweetie and help me off with my muddy boots� She
emphasised the last word and moved slightly closer towards him as she said it.
Her eyes mischievous.

�Um� yeah
sure�. He looked nervous. Rightly so.

&nbsp;

Caroline
sat on the tailgate of Joe�s Range Rover and lifted her left leg so Joe could
help her. Joe dropped onto one knee, grabbed the boot heel and started tugging.

�These
things are on tight� he commented. �And they are quite muddy�

�Umm�hmm�
Caroline replied. Most people stay on both feet when helping others so
naturally she was surprised that Joe had voluntarily knelt in the mud before
her, especially in his new breeches. She was going to tell him, but something
about the sight of this man, kneeling in the mud, with all these people around,
helping her remove her muddy boots, stopped her. She actually liked the feeling
it gave, the feeling, no the sense of power. With a final yank, the boot popped
free taking half of her sock off as well.

�Oops�
Joe apologised, �let me get that for you�. He put the boot down gently and
pulled her sock back up her calf. Caroline just watched this, surprised, but
strangely aware of how much she was enjoying the show.

�Now, my
other boot� she ordered. Her left foot rested on the tailgate. She leaned back
on her elbows and raised her right boot. Again, he grabbed the boot by the heel
with both hands and began to pull.

�Make
sure you leave the sock on this time� she chided. This surprised her as she
this was not like her to be terse, and she wouldn�t be surprised if he stood up
and told her to take her own sodding boots off.

�Um� I�ll
try� was all he could manage. She just smiled and tossed her hair back off her
face. She was really beginning to enjoy this and she wanted an full,
unobstructed view.

&nbsp;

Mary, the
girl who came third in Caroline�s event walked passed. She looked at Caroline
and then at Joe in the mud tugging away at her boot. Mary made eye contact with
Caroline, raised her eyebrows in mock surprise, gave a wry smile and rolled her
eyes over towards Joe. Caroline understood what this meant. She was saying �You
have him well trained�. The acceptance of your peers. Caroline looked down at a
struggling Joe who finally wrestled the reluctant boot from her foot, managing
to leave the sock in place.

�Good
boy!� she said in mock praise. He didn�t see the sarcasm and smiled back at
her, happy in a job well done.

&nbsp;

They
hitched up the trailer and drove Odyne back to the stables, then started the
tortuous journey back towards Caroline�s flat. She lived in an old mansion
block past St Johns Wood and the Edgware Road is always a nightmare on a Sunday
night. Caroline was beginning to get agitated feeling that time was running out
and she would miss her flight. Work rarely took her away from London, but she
had somehow been invited to a conference in Nice. She wasn�t about to turn down
a 3 day holiday in the South of France. She thought it was a shame that Joe
couldn�t take the time off as well. That would have been perfect, she thought.
Lying on the beach having him rub suntan lotion into my��

�Almost
there�. Joes comment brought her out of her daydream. They had rounded Lords
and she could see her apartment building.

�OK, the
traffic is almost at a standstill.� she said. �I will jump out here, I�m
already packed I just need to grab my things. I will be back before you move
too far and then you can drive me to the airport�. Before Joe could argue,
Caroline had jumped out. The traffic was quite heavy, but she knew the roads
this time of night. It was almost like clockwork that when she burst through
the front door, with bags flying and pigeons scattering in her wake, that Joes
car was abeam the door. She threw her bags in the back seat, sat down in the
passenger seat and with a smug, self satisfied smile pulled her sunglasses down
from the top of her head.

�Heathrow,
and make it snappy�. Joe obeyed, what else could he do?

&nbsp;

Caroline
looked at her watch. Impatiently she thought �Five to six, he should be here�.
They had arranged for her to come his flat straight after work. From there, the
plan was to grab some food, have a drink, and then, well she certainly knew
what she wanted later. She had dressed as best she could for work, but with
definitely keeping one eye on this evenings fun!. Underneath her fingertip
length wool coat, she had a silk neck scarf, tight white blouse, a flowing
pleated tartan skirt that reached just above her knees. Finally, she had worn
her knee high black leather boots. These had a pointed toe and not too much of
a heel. Sex siren meets girl next door. She was proud of these boots, they cost
her a weeks pay. �Of course I could justify them� she said to Jenny at work,
�They are gorgeous!�. Jenny was forced to agreed and the subject of money was
dropped.

&nbsp;

�Hi� Joe
said, opening the door and sweeping her into his arms in the same movement. A
long, passionate kiss followed, that quite honestly would have made any nun
reconsider her vows. �Miss me?� he asked with a cheeky smile. He was still
dressed in a shirt and tie so had only just arrived home himself.

�Not as
much as you apparently missed me� Caroline retorted, trying to recompose
herself after that welcome, but unexpected greeting. She breezed past him into
the flat. As Caroline went to hang her coat up, she noticed her riding boots
placed neatly under the coat rack. �Of course� she thought, �I left them in his
car in the rush to get away on Sunday�. She picked them up to inspect them.
They were quite clean, and not a trace of mud left.

�I see
you cleaned my boots for me� she said. �Thank you, you didn�t need to. That was
very kind of you�. She gave him a peck on his cheek and drifted into the living
room. She placed her handbag and boots down on the floor. �So sweet of him to
do that� she thought.

�So I
hope you used the correct polish on them� she asked, �they are quite expensive�
she added slowly. Caroline notice that he started to shift uncomfortably from
one foot to the other, his confidence seemed shaken. Oh god, he is a terrible
at lying and this might be interesting she thought

�Um, I
think so� he managed to mutter.

�You think
so!� she repeated, �well, go and get it so I can check. Wouldn�t want to have
to take them to get repaired would I�. She could see he was hiding something
and she was determined to weevil it out of him.

�Well,
you see the thing is�.� he started obviously trying to compose his words
carefully.

�Yes� she
barked, not giving him any time to compose his answer.

�I didn�t
have any boot polish so I used something else. I wanted to surprise you� He
pleaded. She smiled a sweet smile, enjoying seeing him squirm.

�What did
you use then? I hope it wasn�t tap water as that will swell and distort the
leather.�

�Umm,
err. No� he replied.

�Well,
what on earth did you use. And don�t lie to me!�. Her tone had developed into a
strict school matron. She didn�t know why she was being so mean to her
boyfriend, but it arousing her. �Tell me. Now!�

�mmmm.
mmmmmmmy tongue� he murmured. The last word barely audible, but it was enough
for her to hear. His eyes were downcast. She felt a rush of power over him. He
had admitted to cleaning her boots with his tongue. And this should disgust
her, but it didn�t. It excited her.

�Show
me!� she ordered. He sheepishly went over to her riding boots.

�Not
those� she snapped. �They are already clean�. She took half a step back leaving
her left boot extended in front of her. �I want you to lick the boots I am
wearing.�. She could feel the heat in her crotch building. She didn�t know why,
but she wanted to dominate, to humiliate this man in her presence.

�What�
but..�. Finally Joe had found his voice.

�You
heard. And you�d better do a better job than with my other boots�. She was
surprising herself. Caroline thought that she knew herself well, but this was a
side of her, a dark side that she had never realised she had and now she was
ready to experience in all it�s glory. Poor Joe, she thought, he is in for a
rough night

Joe
crossed the room, almost shuffling like a zombie, and stopped in front of
Caroline. He looked at the boot she had offered him. It had been raining
recently and there was a tide mark of salt from the recent rain. It also looked
like she took the short cut through the park on the way to his flat as there
was little specks of dirt dotted on the topside. He dropped to his knees.

He is
actually going to do it, thought Caroline. He looked up at her with pleading
eyes, hoping she would laugh and tell him it was all a joke. She could tell
that he had fantasized about this many times before, but now it was happening
he wasn�t sure it�s what he wanted to do. She, on the other hand felt her eyes
had opened and she wanted to explore. Completely

�Lick
them. NOW!� and to add emphasis she pushed down on the top of his head. Slowly
his head move further and further down. Finally stopping at her boot. She
flexed her toes causing the boots to creek quietly. In the brief pause that
followed she wondered whether he had come to his senses, and would get up, tell
her were to go and that this wasn�t his thing. It wasn�t as if he was tied up
or being forced to do this. She didn�t have to wait long for his decision. It
was the right one, the only one, she thought.

&nbsp;

Through
the expensive Italian leather she felt something stroking the top of her foot.
She was secretly glad she was wearing nylon pop socks otherwise she might have
missed the action of his tongue through the leather. As she looked down, all
she could see was his head moving slightly with his hands gripping the heel.
All of his heads� movements coincided with the sensations of her foot. She was
becoming quite moist and was surprised how erotic she was founding it. This
grown man cleaning the dirt from her boots as she stood above him like a Greek
goddess. I should have done this a long time ago.

�Good
boy� she cooed. She shut her eyes and let the sensations wash over her. He had
moved to the outside of her boot. The leather where the ridges formed by her
toes was even thinner and she could feel his tongue moving backwards and
forwards over this area. �Harder� she commanded. Caroline felt Joe push down
with his tongue. I am being a complete bitch and it feels fantastic she
thought.

�You are
mine now� she told no-one in particular. He knew it and so did she, �my bitch,
my mongrel, my toy, and you will please me tonight�. She was suddenly aware
that her hand was rubbing the front of her skirt. Oh this feels so good� and so
bad she smirked.

&nbsp;

�Stop�
she ordered. In mid lick he stopped instantly. Complete obedience. She moved
her boot to rest it on the top of his head.

�Not a
bad job� she remarked. In fact her boots where spotless and glistening slightly
from his ministrations.

�Lie flat
on the floor� she ordered he complied, �There will be a shift in our
relationship tonight. I want you to know that. You will do as I order. Without
question and to the best of your ability. And you will be wise not to refuse me
whatever pleasure I will have with my new bootlicking dog tonight.�

She took
her boot of his head and place her right boot under his down turned head. �If
you agree to these terms, thank me in a way you feel appropriate�

Almost
instantly she felt him working the leather again. Probing, shining, kneading at
her boot with his tongue. Her hand was still idly stroking her mound and the
fire there was beginning to build. She began to feel that his tongue, although
quietly giving her a gentle foot massage and cleaning her boots at the same
time, could be utilised better. Why waste a perfectly good resource. She had
never thought like this before and it was making her crazy.

&nbsp;

�Cease�
Caroline snapped, �and get up on your knees�. As he slowly rose from his prone
position, she slowly walked to stand behind him. �Now, tonight is about me, and
not you. I will now take certain precautions to make sure you are unable to
change this. Now, loosen your tie but do not take it off. Good, now undo all
the front shirt buttons.�

Once Joe
had completed her request, she took his tie out of the collar and let it rest
against his bare neck, but still tied. Then she pulled back on the collar,
forcing the shirt back down his arms. As the cuffs where still buttoned up, the
shirt snagged on his wrists. �Excellent� Caroline thought. With his arms behind
his back and the cuffs too tight to fit over his wrists, she wrapped the shirt
like a tourniquet around his wrists. Tighter and tighter she wound the shirt
until his wrists were tightly bound together. She had him just where she wanted
him. This is going to be such fun, she thought, well for me anyway.

She stood
and walked around to face him. He looked up at her trying to see what she had
planned. He didn�t have to wait long. She removed her neck scarf rolled it into
a tight blindfold and tied it in a double bow behind his head. He couldn�t see,
just how she wanted him.

�You have
no choice now. You cannot escape until I free you. You need me. You are my
property, you are my slave� she snootily looked down her nose at him.

By using
the word slave for the first time, Caroline suddenly realised that she could
indulge any fantasy she had and there was very little he could do about it. Up
until this point, she was reacting to the situation, but now she had a very
definite idea what she wanted next. She looked down upon him and gently stroked
his face.

�There is
the little matter of exacting your punishment you see. My riding boots were
violated and assaulted by you without my permission. Although your intentions
where honourable, I see this as a breach of trust that cannot go unheeded.
However, I am a fair person and I see that as it was your tongue that committed
the crime, so it is that only your tongue should be punished. Eye for an eye
and all that�.

�You
never know� she giggled, �you might even enjoy it�..�.

With that
she swung into action��..

&nbsp;

Caroline
was standing in front of Joe, looking down on him, kneeling, blindfold and tied
up before her. His shirt tied behind his back and his tie hanging limply down
his chest. In complete contrast to what was going on in his trousers.

This was
the first time that Caroline noticed his arousal. Plenty of time for that later
she smirked to herself.

�So my
little slut likes being my slave I see� she mocked. �No matter, this is about
me tonight not you�.

&nbsp;

With that
Caroline took a step backwards, she hooked her panties with both thumbs and
whilst always looking at Joe pulled her pant down, past her boots and flicked
them onto the floor. She stepped forwards so she was only about 6 inches from
Joes face.

God, she
thought, I could use that tongue on my pussy right now. That would feel
just�so�great. She thought about this for a while, quite a while, but in the
end turned on her heels, and faced the fireplace. She leaned forwards and
grabbed Joes tie from between her legs, careful not to touch any part of him as
she did so. With the end of the tie firmly gripped in her left hand so slowly
started to pull, drawing him into her. She gasped as the tie slid smoothly over
her moist pussy. She kept slowly pulling the tie, knowing that Joes head would
be following. First she felt the tip of his nose touch her just below her
coccyx. Perfect she though.

With her
other hand, she flicked her skirt out of the way. She was really glad she was
wearing the pleated tartan skirt as with one quick movement, this revealed her
beautiful arse. Not that Joe could see that of course.

Now her
skirt was out of the way and she had Joe where she wanted him. Her now free
hand grabbed him hair and pulled his head up, releasing the tension on his tie,
so his mouth was resting just below her coccyx.

�Now, you
will use that naughty tongue of yours to lick my arse.� she ordered. � You
start at the top and work your way down, paying particular attention to my
ring. If you miss a bit, you will have to start again. Maybe this will teach
you not to lick my boots without my permission�. She felt a complete bitch
coming out with words like this, and she loved it.

Slowly,
almost reluctantly, Joes tongue came out to play. Slowly at first with small
kitten licks. This wasn�t what Caroline wanted

�Harder�
she barked giving two sharp tugs on his tie to coincide with the syllables.
�Use you tongue like you did on my boots earlier�. This had the desired effect and
instantly Joe sprung into life. His deep massaging actions were caressing
Caroline intimately. She responded with short purrs of approval. He started
moving down, and found by moving his head from side to side he could work his
tongue into the gap and perform his duties. As Joe moved down Caroline
responded almost as one. She leaned forwards to exposed the next part she
wanted him to pay this special attention to. She was beginning to rock
backwards and forwards in rhythm with Joes tongue. To complement this, she
unconsciously started to tense and release her hold on the tie, causing Joes
head to bob backwards and forwards. They had reached her natural frequency, in
tune with each other. Caroline was totally lost in the sensation.

It came
like an electric shock to her when his tongue finally found her ring. She let
out a gasp of pure pleasure. She didn�t want this to end. She dropped the tie
grabbed his hair with her now free hand, making sure it didn�t move. She was
moaning uncontrollably. �Yes, you slut� �that�s it, fuck my arse with your
tongue.� �You like that don�t you.� Of god, don�t you dare stop�. His tongue
darted in and out of her hole, circling round and round. He placed his lips
around her and sucked and licked at the same time. Soon she was dripping from
the amount of saliva he was applying there. Yet she still wanted and needed
more, much much more�

&nbsp;

�Ohmygod,ohmygod,ohmygod�
She was moaning as his tongue tickled a particular sweet spot behind her pussy.
She never even knew she had a g-spot there. Live and learn. She was almost bent
over double trying to position herself to get the best of Joes attentions. She
using his tie again, pulling his face even further forwards. She could feel his
tongue begin to lap at the shores of her pussy, yet his nose was still planted
firmly in her arse. �This feels so good, it has to be bad� she gasped.

&nbsp;

Caroline
began to feel her calves starting to ache. This was distracting her from
concentrating on how amazing Joes tongue was making her feel. She needed to change
position.

�Stop�
she half ordered, half yelled. Joe was a little slower reacting to this
command. When he did eventually stop, Caroline stood up, rubbed her fingers
along her dripping pussy, turned around and slowly pushed them into Joes mouth.

�Time for
you main course now� she whispered seductively. Joes was sucking and licking
the juices hungrily from her fingers. So took her other hand and stroked his
hair pushing his head back.

�Not long
now sweetie, your doing really well. I�m proud of you� she continued, �Now, lie
down on your back�. It was difficult for him to lie down gracefully with his
hands tied behind his back. In the end he just let himself fall, breaking his
fall with his shoulder rather than his head.

Caroline
looked down on this prone man. She checked he was still as aroused as she was.
Yup, she thought. He didn�t look particularly comfortable there, his arms still
locked behind his back forcing his crotch into the air. She thought about
giving him a cushion for his head, but quickly dismissed the idea. He needs to
suffer a little bit for me, she thought remembering how other guys had been
dismissive of her comfort before. All the carpet burns, drunken advances or
lecherous looks. No, she thought, he can suffer a bit for me.

She
walked around his prone body like a lioness circles a freshly culled prey,
looking for the juiciest part to feast on first. She was beside herself with
lust, desire. She had broken him and she could take her time in enjoying this.
She knew he could hear her steps and he would be wondering what would happen
next. Patience is a virtue.

She
stopped by with her boots astride he head, facing down his prostrate body. She
didn�t even notice she was rubbing herself at the sight. She began to whimper
at her own attention, she was close to release and she wanted her slave to have
the privilege of bringing her to release. She began to crouch down, her skirt
covering his face and upper body. With her sweetness just inches from his face
she sensed him crane his neck up to meet her womanhood. Shivers went down her
spine at the sensation as he could only reach with the tip of his tongue.
Deftly and urgently she felt him work his tongue against her lips, trying to
coax her down lower. She was becoming unsteady in this position and although
the feeling was exquisite, she couldn�t resist any more and dropped herself
full weight onto his waiting face. Suddenly the quick and accurate lapping gave
way to nibbling, sucking, probing with his tongue into her pussy. She had
received oral sex before, but this was taking it to an extreme. She began to
grind his face, backwards and forwards, his nose and mouth were independently
working her into an orgasmic delight. She rode him without any thought to him
anymore. It was just a beautiful sensation and that was all she was aware of,
not the source.

When her
clitoris was probed she would stop, holding the position, feeling the tongue
nibble, suck, lick, caress her there. It was heaven. She was moaning
uncontrollably and she didn�t care. She repeatedly told him to lick her pussy
just like he licked her arse and boots. It became a mantra for her over and
over again. She could feel herself climbing the hill, she couldn�t stop the
growing feeling inside even if she wanted to. She was going to come, but there
was still one thing more she needed before. One last humiliation to cement this
night for her. She opened her eyes, looked down and realised what she had to
do���.

&nbsp;

Caroline
slowly raised herself off his face. He seemed to follow with his tongue until his
muscles gave up and he crashed down onto his back. She was still astride him,
but up on all fours, now singular in purpose. She leaned forwards and deftly
unclipped his belt and trousers in one move. His flys where straining under the
pressure of his manhood, busting for release. I can definitely accommodate
that, she thought as she slowly drew back on the zip. Like a flower blooming,
he burst out of the confines into the world with a big hello.

Caroline
quickly swung one leg around, then the other followed. She was now facing his
head, which her warm inviting pussy dangling provocatively over his penis. She
grabbed it roughly,

�This is
now mine. It belongs to me. You will not come until I do. Do you understand?�
She emphasised the last question by squeezing as hard as she could. She heard a
whispered �yes�.

�Good,
now before we begin, I don�t want to hear any boy grunts or I will have to gag
you as well�. She lowered herself down and using the lips of her pussy caressed
her newly acquired penis. He let out an involuntary sigh at the softness of her
touch.

�Right. I
warned you� she smiled, knowing full well the effect of her actions.

She
reached out to her right and picked up her panties. These will be perfect, she
thought. Without warning him, she scrunched them into a ball and placed them
over his mouth. Surprisingly, and in truth, a bit disappointing for her, he did
not resist when she inserted them in his mouth. Good, everything is ready she
thought.

&nbsp;

She held
him upwards as she slid down onto her new pole. Feeling like a raging inferno
and melting iceberg she knew she wouldn�t have long to go. She sat there for a
moment feeling the fullness and contentment associated. It wasn�t long before
she started to move up and down, back to front. Her vagina muscles gripping and
caressing every movement. He started to buck a little, but with his arms tied
behind him and the weight of her as well, the pain soon stopped him. She would
use him before he used her. She looked at his face, blindfolded and some of her
panties still poking out of his mouth.

It was
the crotch part and she noticed in between spasms of delight that there was a
small yellow pee stain. This was it she thought. She reached out and pushed the
rest of her panties into his mouth. She kept her hand on his mouth.

�Suck
them clean� she commanded. She saw his Adams apple bob, knowing he was
swallowing. This was the final humiliation she wanted. She could release.

She
suddenly lost her control and her body went into spasm. Her thighs gripped like
a vice and her nails dug into his face and chest. She tried to scream, but
nothing came out. The only part of her body moving was her pussy. Still
bucking, rotating like a pestle and mortar. Each action amplified the last
taking her higher and higher. It was so intense that she didn�t think she could
handle any more, but wouldn�t want it to stop. Her spasms stopped. She felt a
deep warmth inside.

She
smiled knowing that it was over, for now. Caroline leaned forward and nuzzled
into his neck. �Thank you, I�m very proud of you� she whispered, �but can I
have my Joe back now����







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  thako


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





