BDSM Library - Tanya Loves Brenda




Tanya Loves Brenda
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance encounter leads to sex and love. Also involves friendshp, drugs and violence.







                                                              Tanya
Loves Brenda

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-12-14T00:04:00Z
  2006-12-14T00:04:00Z
  1
  2185
  12461
   
  103
  29
  14617
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








�������������������������������������������������������������
Tanya Loves
Brenda

&nbsp;

So
far college was a bore for Tanya.� Having
gone to private school everything she heard in her classes was a rehash of her
junior highschool year so she often cut class to cruise the Strip. The Strip
was an area just outside campus that offered all sorts of diversions for
students who had time to kill or were here on daddys' dime and just intended to
party till they dropped. 

&nbsp;

Tanya
was a smart young woman who had always been comfortable with the fact that she
was a lesbian. She liked to think of herself a a glam-goth. She didn't know if
there really was such a category, especially in this town, but that is how she
felt and dressed to fit her mood.

&nbsp;

She
loved black and leather and short skirts. In contrast, she chose to color her
lips and nails in vibrant colors ranging from bright red to neon blue. Heeled
ankle boots and revealing braless tops were a must when she was not attending a
class. She kept her hair rather long as it was dark and straight and gave her a
'Morticia' sort of look. 

&nbsp;

All
eyes had turned to her as she entered the pub. Except for the barmaids, the
place was filled with boys who immediately began to hit on her and offer her
drinks. She dismissed them all and bought her own drink. Cherry cola and Jack
was her sweet and nasty favorite.

&nbsp;

There
were three pool tables and she noted that some money had just changed hands as
a preppy looking college boy had just sank the money ball right in the face of
a biker looking dude that nobody in their right mind would want to mess with.

The
other patrons watched the biker glower at the privileged little punk and
wondered if a bloodbath would ensue. Instead, the big man peeled off some bills
and threw them on the table.

&quot;See
you on the road bitch&quot; he said as he turned and nearly broke the door with
his exit. Within the pub only the jukebox made a sound until the roar of a
Harley peeling away was heard outside. Preppy boy gathered his money but
clearly wasn't confident about driving back to his dorm right away.

&nbsp;

&quot;Easy
money&quot;, thought Tanya. 

�Having received her drink she sauntered to the
table where the preppy boy and his goofball friends were yucking it up.

She
leaned over the table giving them an exaggerated view of her cleavage and spoke
in her most sultry voice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey,
stickman, that was pretty good; think you can beat me?&quot;

She
knew that a glimpse of titties made men agree to all sorts of crazy things so
naturally 'preppy boy' said yes, 

&nbsp;

Tanya
literally laid her ass on the line. She bet against everything taken from the
biker plus all the money preppy and his pals had on them. When it was all laid
out the boys had almost fifteen hundred on the table. Tanya had two hundred in
cash and offered her bankcard and a recent statement that showed a balance of
eight hundred.

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
already lost, bitch, you can't just make a bet and not cover it&quot;, said
preppy.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,&quot;
said Tanya, &quot;I've saved the best for last. How about a four way? If I
lose, I will screw all your balls off.&quot;�
With that she began to dance with the music and did things with her hips
reminiscent of the Shakira and Fergie videos they had all jerked off to.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
on,&quot; said the boys. Best of three!&quot;

&nbsp;

They
flipped a coin for break and college boy won. He scattered the balls with no
lucky sinks which was fine with Tanya. Within ten minutes she worked her way
through the cluttered table and sank every shot.

While
loserboy was racking the balls she returned to her drink and looked out the
full window of the pub. That's when she saw her.

&nbsp;

Brenda
had missed the bus that was to take her back to the campus of St. Elizabeths
School for Exceptional Girls. It had been a lovely fieldtrip to the Museum of
Fine Arts and she had been so engrossed in the ancient pictures of naked women
that she had not heard the call of her proctor to assemble. She eventually
found herself quite alone wiithin the foreboding building and slowly realized
she would have to make her own way out of the city. She had to trot along the
dirty streets that led away from the museum in her five inch heels and short
schoolgirl skirt in a desperate attempt to find a way home. There were scary
people all around that whistled and said very naughty things about the way her
unfettered titties bounced beneath her loose white school blouse. Some had
suggested that the inadvertant swaying of her hips was 'bootyliscious'. One boy
had even offered to let her sit on his face. She was getting tired and thought
he was nice to offer but that it might reflect badly on the school if she were
seen relaxing in such a manner on a busy street. There was a bus stop just
ahead and she began to search the small pockets of her skirt for enough change
to get a public bus back to school.

&nbsp;

Tanya
could barely believe her eyes. The saucy tart had strutted right up in front of
the window and was twisting her ass from side to side in her short pleated
skirt. She seemed to be rubbing her thighs but, with great effort, drew forth a
few coins that she looked at with a disappointed stare. 

&nbsp;

The
balls had been racked and Tanya was called back to the table. Reluctantly she
turned away from the window and took her shot. She scattered the balls but the
outcome did not look good. Preppy made four easy shots leaving her with no
options that would not take time. Time was now foremost on her mind as she
really wanted to get to that sweet piece of eye candy outside the window before
a bus, or something worse, swept her out of her life forever. She had to get
this overwith as soon a possible. She purposly sank the eight ball with a deft
bankshot and turned again to the window.

&quot;God&quot;,
she thought, &quot;That is one pretty girl.&quot; Without knowing her name she
decided that if she could ever meet the girl she would always call her
&quot;Pretty&quot;.

&nbsp;

The
little darling was prancing in her heels as though she might have to pee.

Her
blonde curls bounced in time with her unfettered tits and bubble butt as she
became increasingly aware of her predicament. She finally settled on the bus
stop bench and tightly crossed her legs. 

&nbsp;

The
boys were were feeling good now and had some things to say.

&quot;Rack
the balls, bitch.&quot; &quot;Your ass is ours.&quot; &quot;Like to play with
balls, huh?&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
formed a tight rack on the table while exposing a good portion of her own. Just
as 'Preppy' was about to shoot she gave a tug to her silky blouse and flashed a
nipple. 'Preppys' shot went wide and peeled away only a few balls. 

&nbsp;

With
a glance out the window, to assure that 'Pretty' was still there, Tanya went to
work. She had learned a lot working in her daddys' bar and it had never
mattered more than now. She sank five balls before 'Preppy' got a turn. He put
away two but then it was over. Tanya finished the table within two minutes and
waited, with hands on hips, to receive her payment.

&nbsp;

The
boys raised a protest and were refusing to pay until a large shadow fell across
the table. Biker guy was back looming over the table and siipping a beer.
&quot;I saw the whole game, he said, the lady beat your wussy ass, so deal with
it.&quot;

The
boys paid up. Tanya grabbed her jacket and she and the biker exited out the
back door. Tanya peeled off five hundred and handed it to biker guy.

�

&quot;Thanks,
Henry, you're a girls best friend.&quot; 

He
straddled his Harley and gently stroked her cheek. &quot;Anytime babe, it's a
pity you''re not straight.&quot; 

&quot;Well,
she said, it's a pity you're not a girl. I'll call you later but. if my luck
holds, I might have a hot date waiting out front.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
sweet, said Henry, if you don't take her I will.&quot; With that, he gunned the
bike and sped from the parking lot.

&nbsp;

Tanya
made her way to the front just as a bus was pulling up. She saw Pretty step in
and present her meager change but the driver just shook his head and left the
girl sobbing in his wake. She walked right up and put an arm around the girls
shoulder.

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
the matter, Pretty, what's got you crying?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Mm,
my, my, name's Brenda&quot;, sobbed the girl.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
that's a nice name but you don't mind if I call you &quot;Pretty&quot; do
you.?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
but I've missed my school bus and don't have enough money to get back tp St.
Elzabeths.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
might be able to help, said Tanya, I have a car and it's right down the
block.&quot;

&quot;Would
you like to go with me?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok,
but I really have to pee, too, and I can't wait much longer.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know a place for that, and it's on our way, just follow me.&quot;

�

Tanya
led Pretty/Brenda into an allyway and behind a large dumpster.

&quot;I've
only been in town for six months but I have pissed here plenty of times. Just
drop your panties and squat,&quot; she said.

&nbsp;

Pretty
was too desperate to argue and held onto the dumpster as she tugged her panties
over her spiky heels. She handed them to Tanya. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Will
you hold these for me?&quot; &quot;It would be naughty if I got them wet.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
fondlled the silky white panties as Pretty squatted behind the dumpster.

She
held them to her face and savored the fragance as she heard the splash of piss
on concrete. A frothy torrent of girl pee flowed past her boot and continued
for some time. The girls bladder must have contained a gallon. She waited
patiently after the flow ended but when the girl did not stand she finally had
to ask. &quot;What are you doing back there?&quot;

&nbsp;

A
meek voice responded. &quot;Miss? What's your name?

&nbsp;

&quot;My
name is Tanya. Now, what's the problem?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
still wet Miss and I need to be wiped.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
use your hand, or skirt or whatever. Why is that a big deal?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
not supposed to touch myself, you know, down there. It's a school rule and
I&quot;m a good girl MissTanya. Don't you have some tissues or something?&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
and Henry had played out their pool scenario several times since they had met
and became friends. They had made some good bucks with their clever con and it
had never failed. The rich college boys were always brimming with confidence
after winning money from a guy who looked like Henry and were easy marks when
Tanya strutted up and offered herself as a prize. Tanya now begin to wonder if
it were she who was being conned. She was definately hot for the schoolgirl but
wondered if she could possibly be for real.

&nbsp;

Tanya
found tissues in her jacket pocket that she had used to blot her lipstick. She
walked behind the dumpster to find Pretty still squatting there holding her
little skirt well above her hips. She instantly noted the girl was a natural
blonde and that the golden curls around her pussy glistened with tiny droplets
of her amber pee. She offered the tissues but the girl just stared back at her
with wide green eyes and said, &quot;I'm not supposed to touch and I'm a good
girl.&quot; &quot;Won't you help me?&quot;

&nbsp;

Even
if she was somehow being played Tanya found the prospect of acess to that sweet
pussy impossible to resist. She squatted beside Pretty and began a gentle wipe
of the girls moist curls. She slipped a finger along the smooth lips of
Prettys' vagina and felt them grow damp with sticky girl cream. She poised her
hand at the entrance of the girls tight honey tunnel and slowly inserted a
finger.

Pretty
sighed and raised her mouth to be kissed. Tanya engulfed the offered lips with
her own and thrust her tongue deep into the pliant mouth as she added another
finger and fucked the girl until she could feel her hand being flooded with
syrupy� cum.� 

&nbsp;

Pretty
held the kiss as long as she could and used her tongue to lap up Tanyas'
flowing spittle that filled her mouth but as she climaxed she could no longer
squat and fell back on her butt. Drool dripped from her chin and even after the
fingers were removed from her pussy she squirted a bit more and this time it
had soiled her skirt. She would be in so much trouble at school. The sexy young
woman in black extended a hand to help her up but she knew what she should do
first. She took Tanyas' hand and kissed it. She sought out the fingers that had
fucked her and began to lick them clean.

&nbsp;

Tanyas'
panties were very damp by now but she did not want to make real love in some
sordid alleyway that she had formerlly used only to take a piss.

She
helped Pretty to her feet, assisted her to put on her panties and led her to
the car. Once they were seated Tanya lit a cigarette and looked at her
passenger. Pretty kept her knees together with her hands in her lap but would
cast flirting glances toward her. Tanya shiffted her position and slowly raised
a leg to rest on the back of the passenger seat. This movement raised her skirt
and revealed her brief wet thong as well as the dragonfly tatoo that hovered
just above her pussy. 

�

Pretty
could no longer feign disinterest in her savior. She went to her knees and
began to kiss the strong supple thighs,�
Her mouth slowly made its' way upward and she was soon using long tongue
strokes on Tanyas' moist silky thong.

.

The
girls' tongue was amazing.

Tanya
could feel her panty crotch being inserted within her with every lapping
thrust. She pulled her panty aside and allowed Pretty free acess to the full
flow of her passion. The kneeling girl licked her deeply and then found her
clit. She brought it forth with gentle flicks of her tongue tip then held it
between her lips and began to hum a little tune that resembled &quot;The Sound
of Music.&quot;

Tanya
clenched her thighs tightly on the lovely face between her legs and gripped her
lovers blonde curls to hold the skillfull mouth in place as she thrust her hips
and� felt an intense orgasm claim her
senses. Pretty did not abandon her but calmed and cleaned her simultaneously
with a gently lapping tongue and soft sipping lips. Tanya had gushed profusely
as she came and when she opened her eyes she was thrilled at the sight of the
blonde beautys glistening face between her legs.

&nbsp;

Tanya
found more tissues within the confines of her cluttered car and began to wipe
her copious spendings from her new lovers face.

&quot;Oh,
Pretty, that was special.&quot; &quot;Where did you learn to do that?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
learned at school, said Pretty, but I liked it so much better with you Miss Tanya.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
became vexed. &quot;Get up and sit down and enough of that &quot;Miss
Tanya&quot; crap, my name is just Tanya.&quot; &quot;Got it?&quot; &quot;Now,
where do you want to go, back to some stuffy old school or to my cozy little
apartment?&quot;

&nbsp;

Pretty
looked bewildered but cute as she bit her lower lip and gave Tanya a wide eyed
helpless look. &quot;Oh, I don't know, I'm in so much trouble if I go back
now.&quot; &quot;Maybe, in a day or two, I could call the school and tell them
I was kidnapped or something.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
laughed and started the car. &quot;We'll work that out later,she said, but
tonight you're staying with me.&quot; &quot;I'm hungry, do you like
Chinese?&quot; 

��������� 

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

��� 

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�� 

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

� 














                                                  Tanya Loves Brenda pt
2 

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2006-12-19T23:19:00Z
  2006-12-19T23:19:00Z
  1
  1047
  5974
   
  49
  14
  7007
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








�������������������������������������������������
Tanya Loves Brenda pt 2 

&nbsp;

The
girls scooted by a takeout window and Tanya bought several orders of food that
she placed on her passengers lap. She didn't like to cook and such large
purchases were not uncommon for her. There were, after all, classes that she
needed to attend and hours to be spent at the library so a weekly cache of well
stored sustenance saved her a lot of time.

�

Arriving
at her complex she left it to Pretty to carry the food while she led the way to
her home away from home.

Her
apartment was a modest studio just off campus. It was not well kept. The one
clean corner held her desk, computer, and a shelf of books. The rest was
fillled with discarded clothes, dirty plates and half empty glasses.

&nbsp;

Pretty
placed the heavy bag on the table and looked around. There was clearly much
work to be done but she was good at that and doing it for her new friend would
be more pleasing than working for those mean proctors at her school.

&nbsp;

Tanya
opened the fridge and selected a bottle of white wine. She poured two glasses
and presented one to her new roommate. &quot;To new friends,&quot; she said.

Each
selected a carton of Chinese cusine and settled on the small sofa.

&nbsp;

It
had been a long day for both and they ate in silence until Tanya burped and set
Pretty into a fit of giggles. She put down her fork and said, &quot; Oops, I
gotta pee again&quot;, and dashed to the bathroom.� She came out and snuggled close to her dark
haired friend. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
worry, she said, I wiped and washed.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Really,
asked Tanya, how did you get so bold?� 

&nbsp;

Pretty
bit her lower lip and smiled up at her.

&quot;Well,
I sorta lied about that part&quot; said the curly blonde, &quot;You were so
beautiful and nice that I just wanted you to touch me.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Once
again Tanya was beguiled and sprang from the sofa to refrigerate the food. In
her mind even lust must give way to common sense and practicality.

�

She
suggested a shower before bed and soon the floor was cluttered with more
discarded clothes and the new lovers were delighting each other beneath the
warm spray. Slippery soapy fingers went everywhere but as the water qrew cold
the girls exited, gently toweled each other and retired to Tanyas rumpled bed.

�

Pretty
frowned and said &quot;That's a mess. Get us some more wine and I will fix
it.� 

&nbsp;

This
was new, as Tanya had rarely heard the girl speak with any certainty. but she
liked it,� When she returned Pretty was
stretched out on a bed of tightly drawn sheets and a neatly folded comforter
resting just below her navel with her taut tummy and ripe breasts fuly exposed.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
a good girl,&quot; said Pretty, as she opened her arms.

&nbsp;

The
wine was forgotten as the two young lovers snuggled in for the night and
finally began to talk.

&nbsp;

Pretty
related of how she had once lived on a large estate with her loving parents and
how they had been so understanding. When she was fifteen she had told them that
she was in love with another girl. They told her that was fne if it made her
happy but to be sure and to always guard her heart. She and her girlfriend,
Priscilla, had spent many hours in her bedroom learning how to please each
other and the world was beautiful until that fateful day when a plane crash had
deprived her of her special parents and left her in the care of her uncle
George and aunt Barbara.

They
had wasted no time in moving into the estate and turning her life upside down.
They were very strict, did not like any of her friends and forbade her to see
them.

&nbsp;

One
night, when they were out, Brenda convinced Priscilla to visit her and it was a
lovely reunion. They embraced, kissed and danced before falling on the bed
amidst much laughter. Unfortunatly they lost track of time and were discovered
in a position known as a &quot;sixty nine.&quot;

Brendas'
conservative and self rightious guardians had immediately banished her to
St.Elzabeths School for Exceptional Girls while maintaining control of her
inheritance until she was of age.

&nbsp;

It was an interesting story but the supple curves of her
bedmate were what was really on Tanyas' mind. She hushed the girl with a deep
hard kiss and kneaded her firm young breasts until the nipples looked as though
they might launch from her full mounds. She adored the fabulous titties with
her mouth and let her hand drift slowly toward the moist cleft that she had
briefly felt before.

�

Her lover was already dripping and a single finger would do
no good. She started with two and heard a sexy grunt as her intrusion was
welcomed. The expression on Prettys' face let her know that the girl was happy
yet unsatisfied. She added a third finger with a forceful yet sensual stroke.
Her thumb found another target and slid deeply into the adorable pucker that
was her new lovers anus. She maintained a steady rhythm and kept a close watch
on the girls face to gauge the effect. 

&nbsp;

The room was soon filled with emotion as mewing little
kitten sounds gave way to the low growls of a lynx and then the pure piercing
scream of a panther as Prettys hips rose from the bed as she climaxed.

Pretty drenched Tanyas hand as well as the sheets with her
effusive spendings.

Neither girl minded the wetspot as they again cuddled and
shared kisses with the smell of sex hanging heavily in the air.

�

The wayward schoolgirl felt so safe and grateful within her
lovers embrace. Her kisses sought to provide maximum pleasure to her new
friend. She nuzzled at Tanyas neck then kissed her shoulders and even licked
beneath her arms. The musky taste reflamed her passion and she spent several
minutes kissing and sucking at her lovers breasts before moving lower and
slipping her tongue into the belly button. She raised her head and held Tanyas
hand to her lips. It was specifically the very hand that had fucked her so
well. She suckled at each digit while looking intently into the dark eyes of
her lover.

&nbsp;

&quot;I like to lick&quot;, said Pretty.

�

&quot;Oh, yes baby, you are such a good girl&quot;, replied
Tanya as she gently guided the willing mouth between her legs.

&nbsp;

For
the next hour the college girl was educated by the hapless schoolgirl about the
full potential of ardent oral love. Her pussy was lapped, kissed, teased,
tweaked and sucked through many lovely orgasms. Some were so gut wrenching and
intense that they caused her to pull hard on the blonde curls between her
thighs while others brought her languid thoughts of swaying in a hammock on a
tropical isle.

&nbsp;

The
girls had, at least, one thing in common. Tanya could feel that she was
releasing a river of pussy cream but never felt a hint of wetness on her thighs
or between her cheeks thanks to the tireless activity of Prettys tongue until,
finally, the girl had exhausted her.

�

She
fell into sleep and her dreams were of exotic fruit dripping with jucies that
fell onto the faces and bodies of pretty blonde girls that danced in the sun.
One of the juicy girls, with spectacular blonde curls, walked right up to her with
two frosty drinks and kissed her. The dream ended much too soon for her liking.

� 

&nbsp;

���� 

&nbsp;

�� 

�














                                                     Tanya Loves Brenda 

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  1
  2007-01-05T02:04:00Z
  2007-01-05T02:04:00Z
  1
  1653
  9426
   
  78
  22
  11057
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








����������������������������������������������������
Tanya Loves Brenda 

�����������������������������������������������������������������
Pt. 3

&nbsp;

Tanya awoke just before 10 am and realized she had already
missed one class. Pretty was curled into a cute little ball on her bed with the
full cheeks of her bottom displayed like two large melons. So tempting, yet she
showered, threw on a top and some shorts and was out the door within ten
minutes. She left a note that simply said, &quot;I should be home by 5pm.
Please stay. You are a very good girl. Love, Tanya.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya attended all�
her classes that day and went to the professor of the class she had
missed with a story about car trouble and received the days assignments. She
tried hard to focus but the idea that she might come home to an empty
apartment� plagued her mind. Finally the
day was done and she raced to her car and sped for home.

�

She paused outside the door before turning her key and said
a little prayer.

&quot;Oh, Pretty, please be here.&quot;

�

When she opened the door she was greeted by soft music and
the smell of incense.Pretty was standing before her dressed in shorts and a
tee. The girls wide smile was all she could see for a few moments as she
silently gave thanks that her prayer had been answered.

�

As she entered the room she noted it was spotless. The
clutter was gone, the carpet was clean and fluffy and her small kitchen
sparkled. While she stood there, quite stunned, Pretty dashed forward to take
her backpack of books, place them by the desk and began a long babble of how
she had spent her day.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hi, Miss Tanya,&quot; said the impossibly perky girl.

&quot;I did the laundry, vacuumed and mopped the kitchen. I found
places for all the dishes after I washed them and cleaned the fridge. You had
some really moldy stuff in there but some was good and I found enough to make
dinner if you would like and froze the new food for later. 

I borrowed these clothes. I hope you don&quot;t mind. I'm so
glad you're home. 

Would you like some wine? I walked to the corner and bought
it with some money I found in your panty drawer. I know that was naughty and I
will pay you back. 

Oh, I think you'll like it, just sit down and let me get it
for you.&quot;

&quot;Oh, and I hand washed all your undies too. You have
some really nice things and they were much too delicate for the machine.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya had spent her life believing there were two kinds of
people, the users and the used and she had determined that she would never be
the latter. Her cynical attitude, however, was but a distant memory now as she
settled onto the sofa and watched Prettys perky bottom wiggle away to fetch her
a glass of much needed wine.

&nbsp;

The girl brought her a glass of Merlot, knelt beside her and
began to nuzzle and kiss her legs. It was a nice feeling soTanya instantly
forgave the minor theft and pulled a packet of cigarettes from her pocket as
she decided to enjoy this moment. Smoking helped her think, or so she thought.
She reclined further and let her legs fall apart. The wine and the kisses were
removing all doubt and vexation she had felt throughout the day.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;How was your day?&quot; asked Pretty as her lips moved
higher along Tanyas thigh. &quot;I&quot;ll bet you are the smartest woman that
school has ever seen.&quot;

&nbsp;

This was all too perfect and Tanya could feel herself
succumbing to the irrational notion that she could simply keep the girl as her
devoted love slave for as long as she liked. The silky tongue had snaked its
way beneath the leg of her shorts and was licking at the edge of her panties
but, by now, the girl was too much her lover to use, betray or abandon� She snapped her legs together and ordered
Pretty to get herself a glass of wine and then sit beside her so they could
talk.

&nbsp;

Loosened by the wine and encouraged by her relatively mature
friend Pretty related everything she knew about the school and the deal that
was made with her guardians.

�

St. Elzabeths was not so much a school as a training
facility. Given her lesbian tendencies Pretty/Brenda had been readily accepted
with only a modest tuition. The Matron had assured uncle George and aunt
Barbara that, with proper conditioning, the girl could be sold as a devoted
maid and submissive lover to any number of wealthy women with an equal split of
the profits. It seemed that many ladies of privilege were willing to pay
generously and had the means to ensure that their purchase of a slave would not
be noted in the press.� 

Once swept away to a lair of one of the worlds many depraved
divas Brenda could be considered a missing person and her inheritance would
eventuallly fall to her guardians.

�

Over the past two years Matron and the proctors had taught
Brenda to perform all manner of domestic servitude with a very harsh hand. She
had endured paddles, whips, quirts and tawses as she learned to cook, clean and
study all the ways that she might serve a demanding woman.

�

The last class of each day was devoted to lessons in oral
submission where she had to use her mouth to please both Matron and her
assistants in order to avoid a spanking. She had resisted at first and then. as
she accepted her fate, advanced from the status of bitch through the ranks of
slut, bimbo and maid to finally stand proudly naked before Matron and receive a
little gold chain and pendant that marked her as a 'Good Girl.' 

'Good girls' were ready to be sold and soon would be
auctioned in all their submissive glory to the spoiled and wealthy women who no
longer felt that disposable pets, cars, houses and boyfriends were sufficient
to sate their undeserved egos. 

Field trips into town were a perk of being a 'Good Girl'
before bieng sold and Brenda had not thought of escape but simple twists of
fate had led her to this moment as she sobbed on Tanyas shoulder.

&nbsp;

This was a revealing and thought provoking story to Tanya.
She caressed her sweet pets blonde curls and felt bad that she had been treated
harshly for the financial gain of greedy ogres who clearly did not deserve it.
On the other hand, she secretly knew that, given the means, she might well have
been tempted to purchase just such a girl. She kissed Prettys face until the
tears were all gone and sent her off to prepare dinner. She reached for her
cell and called Henry.

&nbsp;

Dispite his gruff manner and biker looks Henry was quite
versatile in his pursuits. He maiintained, for instance, a relationship with a
small group of cyber criminals that called themselves &quot;the
ghosts&quot;.� He hooked them up with
drugs or girls and they, in turn, could get useful information on just about
anything. After much joking about a BJ from Tanya as the price of service he
agreed on five hundred to set his computer cowboys on the task of finding out
everything available regarding St. Elzabeths, as well as Prettys' guardians and
her deceased parents.

This deal bit deeply intoTanyas income but as she watched
the swaying curls and bouncy bottom of Pretty stirring away at something on the
stove she figured it was well worth it.

�

Somehow the girl had managed to combine the salvagable items
in the kitchen into a� tasty meal and
watched with pride and glee as the sexy woman seated by her side relished each
bite and complimented her talents. After cleaning up she exited the kitchen to
find that Tanya had shed her clothes and was lying face down on the bed. She
knelt by the bed and stroked the long dark hair of her special friend.

&nbsp;

&quot;I love your hair, she said, I wish mine was straight
like that, I have too many curls.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I love your curls baby but I'm just too tired for a
repeat of last night&quot;, whispered Tanya.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's ok, but, I could give you a nice massage&quot;,
said the kneeling girl.

&nbsp;

Getting no response Pretty sat on the bed and began a
tentative caress of her lovers neck. Her efforts were not rebuffed so she
continued in earnest. This was another talent she had honed at school and her
hands delved into every muscle and sinew of her beautiful prone girlfriend and
was rewarded with many sighs of appreciation and contentment. She smiled at the
little grunt of disappointment as she finished her work on the lower back and
skipped Tanyas bottom to start again at her feet and methodically work her way
upward along the legs. She arrived again at Tanyas firm ass and although her
anatomy lessons had taught her this part of the body was the 'Gluteus Maximus'
she renamed it, in her mind, as 'Glorious Maximus'.

�

She gave it her most professional attention and then
gradually became more intimate with her touch to let her hands slip between the
prominent cheeks and slowly seperate them. She heard another sensual sigh but no
indication that she should stop what she was doing. She kissed the descending
curve of each proud hillock and could smell the musky aroma that arose from
deep within the hidden valley.� Her
kisses grew more bold and eventually went to the very center of Tanyas ass, She
brought her tongue into play and slowly worked it into the tight anal orifice
of the woman she now adored.

&nbsp;

In contrast to her bad girl persona most of Tanyas lovers
had been bi curious debutantes, cheerleaders and sorority girls and none of
them had done this before.

�

Could that tongue possibly be as deep as it felt and could
it possibly feel that good? She gave up all thought and brought a finger to her
clitty. With just a few strokes she was cumming and raising her ass to increase
the contact with Prettys tongue thrusts within her bottom. The girl held on to
her hips and did not miss a lick until she had climaxed and fell flat on the
bed. Still her cheeks were held apart with licks and kisses filling her deep
devide. She could not remember ever having felt so sexy and so loved but
suddenly there was an urgency that she could not ignore. She reached behind her
to grab a handful of blonde curls and urged her lovers talented mouth from
between her cheeks.

�

&quot;Oh, baby, please stop, I have to fart.&quot;

She felt another kiss on her bottom and tugged harder.

&quot;I'm serious, Pretty, I can't believe I'm saying this
but get your face out of my ass.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok&quot;, said Pretty, &quot;I'm out of the way but I
want to watch.&quot; She sat to the side and soon heard a tiny 'phht&quot;
sound from between Tanyas lovely globes. She burst into giggles and climbed
over to lay beside her new friend and lover. &quot;That was it? That was so
cute. You fart like a girl.&quot; Her juvenile comments and the twinkle in her
green eyes made her very relaxed lover laugh as well.

&nbsp;

Tanya hugged the girl to her breasts and said, &quot;You are
such a silly and beautiful girl., now, let's get some sleep. Trust me, baby, I
will make it all good and since you think my farts are so girly next time I
wont warn you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Pretty snuggled right into her lovers armpit and kissed her
there as she mumbled, &quot;You smell good everywhere, Miss Tanya.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I told you not to call me that, said her lover, it's
just Tanya,&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I like that you think I'm pretty but my name is
Brenda&quot;, she responded.

Her lover kissed her and whispered softlly, 'Point
taken.&quot; &quot;Goodnight Pretty.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Goodnight Miss Tanya.&quot; 

&nbsp;

They fell asleep entwined but Tanya awoke alone. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

���� 

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-07-02T23:06:00Z
  2007-07-02T23:06:00Z
  4
  992
  5659
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  47
  13
  6638
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






����������������������������������������������������
Tanya Loves Brenda


�����������������������������������������������������������������������������������
Pt.
4

&nbsp;

A
thin shaft of sunlight pierced the drawn shades and fell across Tanya's face.
She awoke with a start fearing she had missed another class and that her
college career was on a fast track to oblivion. She dashed to the shower. When
she emerged she found a well pressed blouse and a fresh pair of shorts that had
somehow appeared on the top of her dresser and heard Pretty call from the
kitchen.

&nbsp;

&quot;Breakfast
is ready. Your first class starts in an hour.&quot;

�

Once
dressed, Tanya rounded the corner to see Pretty standing by the table in just
her schoolgirl skirt with her proud bare tittes on display which jiggled a bit
as she poured hot coffee into a cup.

&nbsp;

Pretty
smiled widely as Tanya entered and began another long babble that she hoped
would explain everything.

�

&quot;Good
morning, Miss Tanya, thanks for everything. You were so nice to help me and it
was so great and sexy to be with you but I know you have to go to your classes
so I made you some breakfast and don't worry about me.&quot; 

&quot;I'll
be a good girl all day. Please sit down. Even beautiful women, like you, need
to eat.&quot; 

&quot;I
didn't find sugar nor cream so I guess you like your coffee black.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
took her seat and saw that the topless girl had prepared eggs and toast with
jelly. She sipped her coffee and found it was good. She consumed the food while
in a dazed reflection of the last two days events. It was only as she took her
last bite of toast that she realized how satisfying and tasty the breakfast had
been. She was drawn from her reverie as Pretty began to clear away the dishes,
kissed her face and spoke. &quot;You have to go, Miss Tanya, I don't want you
to be late again.&quot;

&nbsp;

Dispite
having been hustled out of her own apartment by a topless and homeless runaway
Tanya smiled all the way to school and found herself quite engaged with her
classes. She found nuance in the thngs she already knew and was intrigued by
the new information. It was late in the day when her cell rang with a call from
Henry.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hi,
babe, you really tapped a hornet's nest with this one. It seems your fluffy
little conquest is a very rich girl but her guardians have an eye on her
inheritance.&quot; 

&quot;She
was sent to St. Elzabeth in hopes of making her disappear altogether and just
stumbled into your arms by dumb luck. Did she tell you about her school?&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
sighed into her cell. &quot;Yes Henry, can we help her? I really like this
girl.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
said Henry, 'the ghosts' found a posting of her parents will. There&quot;s a
clause that says she can control her inheritance when she turns eighteen if she
is gainfully employed or enrolled in college.&quot;

&nbsp;

Another
sigh from Tanya brought forth another question. &quot;How old is she,
Henry?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Seventeen
years and nine months&quot;, he replied. &quot;It seems there was a lot of
bidding for her so the school has been holding out but finally settled on a
buyer in Prague.� The school and the
buyer want her alive but George and Barbara would just as soon see you both
dead, so, be careful.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
reverted to the breathy sensual voice that she used in the pubs.

&quot;Sounds
lIke I need a friend , Henry, someone big and strong and not afraid of
anything. Someone like you, maybe?&quot;

&nbsp;

Henry
laughed, &quot;I like you Tanya but I'm in business. I&quot;ve got a club to
run and this thing smacks of a huge headache. What's in it for me?&quot;

Henrys'
laughture wasn't just because he had Tanya on the ropes and she was just about
to agree to anything he asked but also because his favorite girlpal Candi had
stopped by.

�

Candi
had arrived with a compact package just as he made the call.

She
had opened the package on his coffee table and took a taste. Her sly smile and
dancing blue eyes told him that they had made a good purchase. Candi was a great
judge of product. While he talked, Candi unzipped his shorts and powdered his
cock with the product, spit on her hands and massaged it in. Once he was fully
hard her bright red lips slid all the way down its length then slowly withdrew
to leave only the hardened head of his cock between her lips as she gave him a
wink. That's when he laughed.

&nbsp;

Tanya
nearly sobbed, &quot;Please, Henry, I've never asked anything special but this
is important. I don&quot;t have much money but this time I&quot;ll give you
anything, even myself, however you want.&quot;

&nbsp;

Henry
laughed again as Candi took a sip of champagne and used one of her long nails
to scoop up some of the product and sniff it up her nose. She then stood up and
lavished her moist pussy with a scoop of the illicit powder and began to slowly
kneewalk up the sofa while Henry quickly closed off his conversation with
Tanya.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lighten
up, Tanya, I can hear that you're in love and still don't realize that the
little bird between your legs is actually the 'golden goose'.� I'm going to give your problem my full
attention for te.....&quot;.� Candi
wagged her finger and held up another�
with her white coated pussy just inches away from Henrys' mouth as he
spoke into the phone. &quot;Er, Tanya, I gotta go but I think I can help you
for twenty percent of everything coming your way.&quot; &quot;Deal or no
deal?&quot; 

&nbsp;

Tanya
was still confused. Twenty percent of what? She knew, however, that when Henry
said he 'gotta go' that was it. She also knew that Henry was holding someting
back but at this point she didn't care. 

&quot;Sure,
Henry, if anything good comes of this you get twenty percent but you also get
twenty percent of the bad so, yea, it's a deaL&quot;

&nbsp;

As
soon as he clicked off the phone Henry felt Candis powdered pussy settle onto
his mouth. His tongue became slightly numb as he licked her labia, flicked her
clit then slid deep inside. The woman deserved her due so he was content with
the taste of foreplay until she lifted off and engulfed his cock within the
tight moist velvet of her sex. It was a long sweet ride for them both and each
time Henry sucked at Candi's hard nipples irridescent dollar signs danced
before his eyes.

&nbsp;

Even
after their sexual needs were sated Henry and Candi stayed up all night. First,
they dealt with the product and had it packaged for purchase in record time.
Several eager buyers stopped by and Candi had soon stashed a small mountain of
cash into their safe. They broke out a fresh bottle of Dom and discussed how
best to deal with the potential windfall that centered around Tanya and Pretty.
Eventually they had to sleep and still had business to do so it was a week
later when Henry finally called Tanya to present� their plan to her.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

� 

���������������������������������������������������������������������������
.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-17T19:30:00Z
  2007-07-17T19:30:00Z
  7
  1788
  10193
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  84
  23
  11958
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






���������������������������������������������������
Tanya Loves Brenda

����������������������������������������������������������������
Pt. 5

&nbsp;

Tanya
fell into a comfortable lifestyle of being awakend by gentle kisses that might
begin on any part of her body and usually end with Pretty's amazing tongue
lapping 

her
pussy into a frothy lather that jumpstarted her day better than the best
espresso.

��� 

Her
clothes were kept crisp and clean while breakfast and fresh coffee were always
waiting for her. She would kiss her sexy servant goodbye and glide through each
day with keener insight and sense of purpose than ever before. 

&nbsp;

Her
grades soared. She stopped smoking and began working out. She loved to work
hard and build up a lot of sweat thinking of the sweet pink tongue that would
soon eagerly lick it all up. It had become a pre-shower ritual for Pretty's
skillful mouth to both clean and soothe her before they showered together.

&nbsp;

It
was at just such a moment, as she began to gently move her pussy on her
kneeling lover's compliant flattened tongue, that her phone rang. She ignored
it until she heard Henry's voice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey
Tanya, whatcha doin'? Bet you're havin' fun but this is important. Pick
up!&quot;

&nbsp;

Reluctantly,
Tanya pushed the questioning face of her darling girl away from her pussy and
listened as Henry filled her in. He asked if she had learned of Pretty/Brenda's
surname.

&nbsp;

Tanya
confessed that she had not even asked and Henry had laughed and sang a few
lines of &quot;Crazy Love&quot; before getting back to business.

�

This
time, he was very serious. They had to keep Pretty out of sight and harms way
until she turned eighteen at which time she could show up in court and claim
her inherited fortune. He already knew that there were well paid and relentless
people searching every crackhouse and shelter for anyone who might be the
runaway from St. Elzabeths.� 

&nbsp;

The
very rich lady in Prague had dispatched her own agents to look for her missing
property and they had focused their attention on the area where Pretty/Brenda
had last been seen.� All of this meant
that Pretty had to remain hidden until she was eighteen and then go to court
and make her case.

�

Henry
assured Tanya that he would keep their apartment under scrutiny but suggested
that their biggest problem might be to convince any court that Pretty was
competent to handle her affairs. He asked if Pretty had any skills.

&nbsp;

&quot;She
sure does, said Tanya, but I doubt we can put them on a resume.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
clicked off her phone with a new understanding of how things were. She gently
stroked Pretty's hair, silently led her to bed and invited her to continue
where she had left off.� The golden curls
felt so good on her thighs as the adoring�
tongue excited her into another noisy and gushing climax. She stroked
and fingered Pretty into releasing her own pent up girl cum while sucking hard
at her perfect titties.

&nbsp;

The
next morning went as usual. She was gently wakened and treated to crisp bacon,
scrambled eggs and english muffins. Pretty sat behind her and fussed with her
hair finally placing it into a high sleek pony tail. Tanya could find no fault
with anything but, having finished her breakfast, she stood, took Pretty in her
arms and kissed her deeply. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
love you Pretty, she said, but I have to spank you.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
pout of Pretty's bottom lip was the picture of remorse as she softly chirped.

&quot;I'm
sorry, Miss, I've tried to be a good girl. It was the muffins wasn't it? I left
them in too long.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
baby, everything was fine. I'm going to spank you because I have someting very
important to tell you and I want to be sure you remember it.'� 

'I
also want you to promise that you will do everything I say from now on.&quot;

&quot;Now,
bend over the table and lower your panties.&quot;

� 

Pretty
gave her that soulful look that she had come to love, melted into her arms and
then, did as ordered. She wiggled out of her silkies and looked over her
shoulder.

&nbsp;

Oooh,
I'm so happy you said that. I am so grateful to you. I'm glad to be away from
that school and didn't want to be sold but.....sometimes, I.. well... I sort of
miss the spankings.&quot;� 

I
would like you to spank me, Miss Tanya, whenever you want. Even when I am a
good girl.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
used her full palm and laid several hard smacks on Pretty's full pale
cheeks.� 

The
girl's round saucy bottom just begged her to spank it more but this was not the
time to indulge her desires. 

&nbsp;

More
important was the lecture that came after. She strictly forbade her sweet baby
to go outside and answer neither the phone nor the door. The ever cheerful
nymph did not seem to mind at all.� After
all her effort to be harsh the girl had wiggled back into her panties and
softly kissed her as she left.

�

&quot;I
promise, Miss Tanya, I'll do what you say. I love you.&quot;

&nbsp;

When
the door had closed Pretty settled onto the sofa and clicked the remote.� 

She
had not seen much television in over two years and would laugh out loud at the
most mundane things. She was content to watch TV for hours when she was not
cooking or cleaning or finding new ways to please her lovely mistress. 

&nbsp;

Life
was so much better now and she felt deep love and gratitude for the woman who
had rescued her. Her spanking had not been unpleasant. In fact, it had been
more of a turn on than a punishment and she blushed to find the experience had
left her a bit moist inside her panties. She hoped it would not take a crisis
for her lover to spank her again.

� 

Tanya
pulled into a parking spot and began to gather her things. She started to
adjust the rearview to check out her lipstick when she saw a black sedan
stop� behind her car. The doors opened
and two dark figures emerged. The first was a�
tall thin woman dressed in a black pantsuit, her hair was short and dark
and she wore mirrored shades. The man was so big it took him longer to get out
of the car. He, too, was dressed in black, wore dark glasses and his fists
looked like hams.

&nbsp;

The
sleek woman was closing so fast that Tanya lurched to the passenger side and
exited before the big guy could get to her car. She ran a few steps and then
turned with an unwarranted sense of bravado and flashed them the 'bird'.

�

&quot;Good
morning, she waved, you look like such an interesting couple but I'm late for
class.&quot;� &quot;Bye now.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

She
sprinted into a throng of students and made her way inside the nearest
building. Her first stop was a bathroom where she used her cell to call Henry,
&quot;They're here&quot;, she said. She discribed her encounter and awaited a
reply. There was a long silence before Henry said, &quot;Tanya, open your
purse. Check out your makeup and read the labels.&quot; 

&nbsp;

If
she hadn't trusted Henry she would have thought his request was stupid if not
downright cruel but did as he asked. &quot;Well. I have some lip gloss,
eyeliner and lotions but what does....&quot;

&nbsp;

Henry
interrupted, &quot;Who made it?&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
squinted at the labels. &quot;It's all made by 'Claveliss' she said, they
really do make the best but.....&quot;

&nbsp;

Again,
Henry cut in. &quot;Tanya, your girlfriend's real name is Brenda Claveliss. She
is the only heir of the founders of� that
company and owns sixty percent of their stock. You are in danger.&quot; 

&quot;If
she's not around, George and Barb are the next in line. They, more than anyone,
want you both dead.&quot;

�

�&quot;I know of the two you met. They are
known as 'Hammer and Thorn.' 

&quot;They
work for the woman who wants to buy Brenda and wont hurt her but would kill you
in an instant to get to her.&quot; 

&quot;Stay
in school. You'll be safer there. I'll send an escort to take you home and
double security on your apartment but you both need to move tonight. I have a
place for you.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Tanya
went through her classes seeing little and hearing less. At the end of the day,
she went to the top floor of the library to view the parking lot. The black
sedan was nowhere to be seen and her car was surrounded by four of Henry's
friends that reclined on their bikes sipping beers and listening to music. They
escorted her home and she felt very safe with the agile speed of the bikers
guarding her all the way.

&nbsp;

She
ran up the stairs and opened the door. Pretty stood before her in a silken
teddy that was a bit too small letting her pink nipples peek over the lacy top.
The table glittered with candles and tempting aromas came from the little
kitchen. Tanya felt her heart begin to swell but with a quick kiss she urged
her girl to get dressed while she blew out the candles and turned off the
stove.

&nbsp;

They
were escorted to a rundown warehouse district from where Henry did his most
clandestine business. Most of the area had been long abandoned but Henry

had
managed to rennovate one floor of an old pallet factory into both a comfortable
living area and an office.

&nbsp;

The
girls were led to Henry's office and found him sweating over his computer.

He
smiled as they entered but then slammed his fists on his desk. &quot;Geez, I
hate these fucking spreadsheets. If I can't fix this the IRS will jack up the
jail and put me under it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Sorry
if we came at a bad time,&quot; said Tanya.

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
said Henry, I'm glad you're here but I&quot;m only good at making money and not
so much at justifying or hiding it,&quot; *Looks like I'm in for some serious
problems.&quot;

&nbsp;

Unexpectedly,
Pretty spoke up. &quot;Can I take a look? I learned a lot about computers and
finance at St. Elzabeths.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She
started to move forward but felt Tanya hold her back. She jerked free and
turned on Tanya with firey defiance. &quot;Dammit, Tanya, It was a school,
after all. I learned� more than just
licking and cooking and don't call me 'Pretty' any more!&quot; 

&quot;My
name is Brenda!&quot;

&nbsp;

Henry
was near as stunned as Tanya and gave up his seat so Brenda could view his
computer screen. Her slim fingers flew over the keyboard while her companions
looked on in awe. She finally stopped and looked at Henry. &quot;You've really
made a mess but I think I can fix it and save you lots of money.&quot; 

&quot;It
will take a few hours,&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
there anything you need?&quot;, asked the big man.

&nbsp;

Brenda
leaned back in her chair feeling good to have regained some control over her
life. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
she said, I want two cinnamon swirls and lots of sweet coffee.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
got what she wanted and four hours later she slid into bed with Tanya and shook
her awake. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
did it, she said, Henry's accounts are now as clean as new fallen snow.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
was happy just to hug her again. &quot;I'm, sorry Pre...No!&quot; 

&quot;Brenda!
I'm REALLY sorry. I began to take you for granted and that was wrong.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brenda
kissed her and then flipped onto her back.

�

&quot;I
love you ,Tanya, you saved me.&quot; 

&quot;I
didn't want to be sold away and I could never have hoped to escape on my
own.&quot; 

&quot;You
were so beautiful and kind that I wanted to be with you forever but I'm not
just a bimbo.&quot;� I&quot;m a person,
too, and I need your respect.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tanya
tried to hold her emotion but was near to tears as she began to kiss Brenda's
face. She moved lower and took great care to admire and worship her lover's
breasts. She lavished those vibrant orbs with kisses as she slid her hand
across the flat tummy. Her fingers stroked the silky hairs on Brenda's mons.

�

What
had she been thinking? She had tasted pussy before and wondered why it had
taken her so long to return the love that had been so freely given to her. 

Had
she been so content with being the 'queen bee' that she had neglected to notice
the sweetest of flowers? She moved further down in the bed, kissed Brenda's
whispy curls and advanced her tongue. It slipped easily between the delicate
petals of her lovers moist orchid.

�

Brenda's
nectar began to flow and Tanya knew she was in love. Her tongue was drawn by
the sweetness of Brenda's pretty pussy. It was a luxurious indulgence.

&nbsp;

She
recalled her dream but this time it was different. She was alone on a tropical
beach and dancing naked under the sun. She looked up into the branches of the
trees surrounding her. A smiling blonde girl sat above and flooded her face
with the jucies of exotic fruits. She opened her mouth and drank all she could.���� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-24T18:49:00Z
  2007-07-24T18:49:00Z
  5
  1205
  6874
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  57
  16
  8063
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






�����������������������������������������������������������
Tanya
Loves Brenda 

�������������������������������������������������������������
Pt. 6

&nbsp;

Brenda proved herself
so adept at shielding Henry's income and at IT matters in general that he added
her to the payroll of one of his shell companies. The 'ghosts' loved the
intrigue and soon produced documents indicating that Henry had employed the girl
since her disappearance.

&nbsp;

The girls stayed
secluded but the building was constantly being watched. George, Martha and the
Matron had hired several low rent thugs with little talent for subtlety. They
were as obvious as rhinos at a petting zoo as they tried their best to be
stealthy. Their only threat was in their numbers. 

&nbsp;

Henry had gained many
friends from his years on the road and never forgot his roots. He had been
generous in spreading his business around and was in a position to call in some
favors. Within two days there were at least fifty bikers cruising around his
building and the area was soon clear of wannabe spys. He opened the lower
floors of his warehouse and invited his buddies to move in. Within a week they
had renovated and opened an after hours club. The thump of the music made it
hard to sleep but Tanya, Brenda, Henry and Candi didn't mind because it also
made their beds vibrate.

&nbsp;

Hammer and Thorn were
aware of all this. A simple kidnapping had turned into a real annoyance. They
contacted the 'Lady in Prague' and informed her of the situation and how much
it would cost if they continued.

&nbsp;

The Lady was vexed,
&quot;This is ridiculous, never has it been so difficult to aquire a slave.
Forget the girl but I want you to close that school. No one fucks with me and I
want that so called 'Matron' put out of business.&quot;

&nbsp;

On the eve of
Brenda's birthday Henry received an e-mail.

&quot;Job has
changed. We are not a factor.�
H&amp;T.&quot;

&nbsp;

Meanwhile 'Matron'
was distancing herself from George and Barb. 

'No,' she said, there
would be no return of tuition. She had done her job of training Brenda and
never bargained to retrieve a runaway. The desperate couple protested but were
soon ushered away by three of the school guards. Knowing they were near defeat
they returned to the estate and stripped it of all the art, silver and things
of value that they could carry.

&nbsp;

Matron just wanted
this episode over and to get back to the business of training docile girls to
service ladies that shared her interests. Indeed, she was paid well for her
efforts but she loved the 'work' even more than the money. 

She ordered an iced
latte and asked that Mindy deliver it.

Mindy
was only fifteen but already near to becoming a 'Good Girl&quot;. She had been
living on the street when she heard rumours of the school and actually
volunteered to become a student. She had taken to the training so well that she
quickly became a favorite of her teachers. 

&nbsp;

Bare
breasted Mindy pranced in with the coffee and set it on the desk before Matron.
She knew what was expected next and, with a shy smile, went beneath the desk to
raise Matron's skirt. She rather liked it's cool silky texture on her face and
began to place soft kisses on the firm thighs surrounding her.

&nbsp;

Just then there was a
heavy thud on the door and another that broke one hinge.

Matron called for the
guards and six were instantly there with guns drawn. 

&nbsp;

A final blow left the
door lying flat but there was no one outside. A moment passed before a sleek
black figure crashed through the window behind Matron's desk and went into a
crouch. Thin bright blades and shurikens were suddenly flying through the air
with uncanny accuracy. They seemed to appear as if by magic from Thorn's black
catsuit.

&nbsp;

�Two of the guards grabbed their throats in a
futile attempt to stem the blood flow from their carotid arteries while a third
howled in pain from the five pointed star imbedded in his right eye. At the
same time Hammer had entered and, with a single blow. had spit Matron's desk in
half. He flung one half into the corner where two guards were pulling their
triggers. The desk took their rounds just before it crashed down upon them. He
felt a sting in his shoulder and knew he had been shot. He turned just in time
to see Thorn sitting astride the gunman's shoulders and thrusting a dagger into
his temple. 

&nbsp;

As they surveyed the
carnage Thorn said, &quot;That's four to two. I win.&quot;

&quot;Hmmph!&quot;,
said Hammer.

&nbsp;

Still in position
were Matron and Mindy. Hammer approached and held out a hand to the kneeling
girl. He helped her to her feet and turned to Thorn. &quot;I think this one is
yours. I'll take the other one.&quot;�
With that, he lifted Matron by her hair and threw her over his shoulder.

&nbsp;

Thorn knelt and
opened her arms to the frightened girl. 

&quot;What's your
name, honey?&quot;

&quot;Mm, mm,
Mindy&quot;, sobbed the girl.

&nbsp;

&quot;Would you like
to go home with me, Mindy?&quot; asked Thorn.

&nbsp;

Poor Mindy was now
fully crying but tried to speak between her gasps.

&quot;I don't knooow!&quot;
&quot;I'm scared!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I know, baby,
but I have a nice big house in the country and lots of ponys you can ride
anytime you want.&quot;

&quot;I think we
could have a good time there.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Really, asked
Mindy, you have ponys? Can we go there now?&quot;

&nbsp;

So it was on the very
morning that Hammer and Thorn were paying a visit to St. Elzabeths that Brenda
was presenting her petition to the court for full emancipation and the rights
to her inheritance. As there was no opposition, the case was quickly settled and
Brenda became a very wealthy girl. 

&nbsp;

She kept control of
Claveliss Inc. but sold the estate. She and Tanya found a lovely villa in Aruba
and spent many days playing naked in the surf off their private beach.

Their property was
filled with fruit trees and they made good use of the ample juices.They even
started a small company that blended them into a delightful beverage which sold
very well.

&nbsp;

When Brenda felt
submissive she would ask Tanya to call her 'Pretty' and to spank her. Tanya was
more than willing. Just the sight of Brenda's perky bottom always made her wet
and she did love spanking it. She knew, however, that Brenda was no bimbo. Her
lover had her quirks that meshed so well with her own but was also an atute
business woman. They remained together for a long time but not forever.

&nbsp;

Henry and Candi
turned the warehouse into a full blown nightclub. They made lots of money but
continued to live on the edge.

After three years of
drug deals, busts and dubious partners things were looking shakey. They� took what was left, changed their names and
bought a condo in Florida.

&nbsp;

George and Barb moved
toTexas and tried to sell their illgotten gains. They were soon found out and
each spent several months in lockup. They spent their final days in trailer
parks on opposite sides of Dallas

&nbsp;

The police thought
that the Matron of St. Elzabeths had escaped to parts unknown but a vengeful
diva in Prague knew different. Her boots no longer became soiled when she
entered her stables. Her new muckgirl was working out very well.

�

Hammer and Thorn were
hard to track. They remained a legend among assasins and guns for hire but many
doubted that they even existed. This was what they had always intended. As
different as they were they had shared a vision of a bucolic paradise where the
violence of their lives would be balanced by the beauty they could create.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mindy
made her pony gallop faster than ever before until she was directly under the
apple tree near the hilltop. She plucked a bright red one and began to munch
away as she spoke and shared her thoughts with her pony as she stroked his
neck.

&nbsp;

&quot;You.re a good
pony. I love you.&quot;

&quot;I love my new
family too&quot;.

&quot;I feel so safe
with 'uncle Hammer' 

&quot;No one would
think he could be so kind and funny yet smash things so easily.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm not sure if
Thorn is my teacher or my lover.&quot;� 

&quot;

&quot;As
my teacher, she makes me read and study a lot and swats my bottom when I give a
wrong answer.&quot; 

&quot;She still
scares me a little but she is so sexy and loving when she comes to bed with me.
We do such delicious and naughty things together.&quot;

�

&quot;&quot;I love
her both ways and I want to be just like her.&quot;

&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wrt4ffun


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





