BDSM Library - Peter Vanishes




Peter Vanishes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Peter gets himself into a lot of trouble when he falls for a seductive young woman on the train.







Every day after work, Peter got on the same train and sat in the same
seat

 
  googleadmin
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-12-17T17:56:00Z
  2006-12-17T17:56:00Z
  1
  3085
  17587
  Google, Inc.
  146
  41
  20631
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Every day
after work, Peter got on the same train and sat in the same seat. It was a
boring journey home, taking him out of the city, through the suburbs, and
eventually out to the small village he had lived in for the last ten years. But
he always looked forward to the train home, because every night, without fail,
in the seat opposite him sat the most beautiful girl he had ever seen.

&nbsp;

He�d first
noticed her a few months ago, and since then she had become something of an
obsession of his. It had got to the point where he waited impatiently for the
day to end, just so he could get on that commuter train and see her. He found
himself daydreaming about her all the time � but he was too nervous to say
anything.

&nbsp;

He had
learned that the girl�s name was Heather, by overhearing her saying goodbye to
a friend on the platform. She was quite a bit younger than him, in her early
20s he guessed. She was gorgeous: a pretty,
girl-next-door face, beestung lips and big blue eyes framed by a stylish blonde
bob. She had an amazing figure, slender but not skinny,
and perfect pert breasts. And the clothes she wore drove him wild: tiny little
miniskirts twinned with fitted shirts and jackets, and she often wore high
heels. She looked like a high-powered exec in the body of a teenager. He
thought about her as he masturbated every night.

&nbsp;

In his
fantasies he engineered situations where he could talk to her. His stop was the
penultimate one on the train�s route, and often they were the only two people
left in the carriage when he got off, so he knew that she must get off at the
last stop. He fantasized about sweeping her off her feet with his wit and
charm. But the truth was, he was not very witty, and
not very charming. He was in his early 30s and divorced. His wife had left him
two years ago for another man, and he had not had sex for over a year. Deep
down he knew that the idea of a stunning young woman
finding him attractive was crazy.

&nbsp;

Although,
recently her behaviour had given him reason to keep the fantasy alive. She was
a friendly girl, always smiling to people, but he was sure that she always
seemed especially pleased to see him. They recognized each other of course, and
now whenever they sat down she beamed at him. He also thought she seemed to
steal glances at him � often he�d look up from his book and catch her staring
at him, looking away quickly. Once he�d even thought he�d seen her lick her
lips.

&nbsp;

And then
there was the time, when they were the only two people left in the carriage,
when he�d sat opposite her and she�d opened her legs, and she�d been wearing no
panties. He almost fainted right there. That time, she seemed to enjoy how
flustered he�d become. He blushed furiously and didn�t know where to look. When
he got up to leave the train, he felt her eyes on him and heard her giggle.

&nbsp;

The more
she teased him � and there was no other word for it, she was definitely a tease
� the more she obsessed him. He planned whole evenings around fantasizing about
her, wanking himself off again and again. He toyed with the idea of taking
surreptitious mobile phone photos of her, but was too scared of being caught.
�She�d probably enjoy it, the slut,� his inner alpha male muttered. He was
worried about the amount he was thinking about Heather. His work started to
suffer, as he couldn�t get anything done in the afternoon, knowing he would
soon see her.

&nbsp;

One night
in late summer, he was once again left alone in the carriage with her. She was
wearing a particularly severe and sexy business suit. He kept glancing at her
over his paper, and every time he found her staring right back at him with an
infuriating smirk of confidence and superiority. She was toying with him and he
knew it. As he got up to leave, she spoke to him directly for the first time.

&nbsp;

�You look
cute today.�

He didn�t
know what to say. Had he heard her correctly? She was smiling coquettishly up
at him.

�Excuse
me?� he managed finally.

�I said you
look cute. Have a nice evening� she smiled, raising an eyebrow at him and
lowering her gaze to his crotch. Confused and embarrassed, Peter hurried off
the train, ran home and masturbated thinking about coming on Heather�s face.

&nbsp;

It happened
again the next night. �You look really cute� she smiled as he left the train.
�Why don�t you come back to mine tonight?�

�What?� he
asked, shocked. He really wasn�t very experienced at dealing with women,
especially not women as confident as Heather.

�Come back
to mine and play with me � I know you want to. I bet you�ve wanted to for
months. I see the way you look at me.� She was staring at him intensely, her
expression somewhere between innocence and menace.

�I�.I don�t
know�what you�re talking about� he stammered, caught completely off guard.

�It�s ok,
maybe not tonight. But think about it, the offer stands� she smiled. He got off
the train.

&nbsp;

He cursed
himself. There it was � exactly what he wanted, on a plate, and he�d turned it
down. He was a fool. Things like this didn�t happen to men like him. He made a
decision � next time she asks, if she does ask again, just go along with it. Do
whatever she asks.

&nbsp;

Sure
enough, the next night, as he got up to leave, Heather put up a hand and
grabbed his wrist. She was wearing an indecently short skirt and a skimpy white
top that showed her body off perfectly.

�Tonight �
I want you. Come with me� she said. It wasn�t a question. It sounded like an
order.�

�Yes� Peter
replied, as if in a trance.

&nbsp;

They sat in
silence, Peter staring awkwardly at the floor, Heather staring hungrily at his
body, until the next stop. Then Heather jumped up and stood over Peter.

�Follow me�
she told him.

&nbsp;

He followed
her out of the train station and down the lane, out of the village. The houses
were large and expensive looking � he wandered which one was hers. He walked a
few steps behind her and watched her tight little ass swing from side to side
encased in her skirt. His mind was racing with confusion and his cock was very,
very hard.

&nbsp;

�Which
house is yours?� he asked, trying to fill the silence, to regain some control
of the situation.

�It was
back there � but I�m not taking you to my house. My parents are in� she said.
He gulped � her parents. He�d managed to forget quite how young she was. �What
about you � who do you live with? She asked, keeping up the pace as they
marched past the last few houses on the street. They were now definitely in the
countryside.

�Oh, I live
by myself, since�.yeah�.� he said sheepishly.

�So
no-one�s waiting for you at home?� she asked, one eyebrow raised. �That means I
can keep you as long as I like.� Her impish little smile as she said this set
his pulse racing. He couldn�t believe what was happening.

&nbsp;

Heather led
him out of the village and down a series of winding lanes. Soon they were
heading off the road and through a field towards a small hill. Peter had no
idea what was going on but from Heather�s attitude, her words and her body, he
was in no doubt that he was about to experience something amazing.

&nbsp;

They got to
the foot of the hill, and Heather turned to smile at him. �We�re nearly there�
she said.

�Where are
you taking me?� Peter asked, trying not to sound as confused and nervous as he
was.

�You�ll see
� it�s somewhere private.� As she stood there in her skirt and heels, smiling
in the warm summer air, he knew that he would never have a chance of fucking a
girl as beautiful as her again.

&nbsp;

She took
his hand and led him to a rocky area nearby. Between two of the large rocks,
there was a gap. �Down there� she indicated, and gave him a little push. He
half jumped, half fell and landed in a small cave. He heard Heather giggling
girlishly above him. �Help me, then� she called, and he reached up to lift her
down. His hands closed around her hips and he felt he might cum right there.

&nbsp;

�This is
where it gets really cool� she told him, excitedly. On one side of the cave was
a sheet of corrugated iron. �Pull that back.� He did as he was told and pulled
the sheet back, revealing a tunnel behind.

�What is
it?� he asked.

�It�s a
disused railway tunnel� Heather said. �I�ve been bringing boys here for years.�
The idea that Heather, as young as she was, was already an experienced
seductress, thrilled him.

&nbsp;

They walked
down the tunnel for a few minutes before Heather turned, put her hands on her
hips, and told him to stop. He did what he was told. Reaching into her bag, she
pulled out a candle and lit it, casting a soft yellow light in the dim tunnel.

�So�
Heather smiled. �Here we are. I�ve been watching you for months. And I know
you�ve been watching me. You want me, don�t you Peter?� How on earth did she
know his name? He didn�t bother to ask.

�Yes� he
said, trying to hold her supremely confident gaze but failing, and staring at
the floor instead.

�Of course
you do� she continued, teasing him. �So let�s get this straight. You�re
desperate to have me, so we play by my rules, got it?� He nodded meekly.
Heather clapped her hands together like an excited schoolgirl.

�Perfect.
So to start � strip naked for me. Now.�

&nbsp;

Peter felt
he was in heaven. He was being given orders by an unbelievably sexy girl who
seemed intent on playing out her wildest fantasies with him. He did as he was told,
removing all of his clothes and dumping them in a heap. He stood in front of
her, naked, in the chilly tunnel air. 

&nbsp;

Heather was
smiling broadly. She walked around him slowly, her heels clicking on the tunnel
floor, trailing a long painted nail across his chest, his shoulders, his back.
In front of him, she sized him up, her lips parting as she looked at his long,
erect cock, letting out a little gasp.

&nbsp;

�Oh my� she
breathed. �You are a big boy.� He thought he was going to explode with lust.
Heather was obviously in no hurry though, enjoying the complete control she had
over him. �Now walk over there � you see that pole? And kneel down in front of
it.�

&nbsp;

Peter
looked behind him. There was a thick metal pole, about 6 inches in diameter,
between the tunnel ceiling and floor. It looked like a supporting beam. He
obediently trotted towards it, turned around, and kneeled with his back against
the pole. Heather was rummaging in her bag. She approached him holding a pile
of plastic rings.

&nbsp;

�What are
those?� Peter asked, feeling slightly nervous again. Heather looked down at the
items innocently.

�Oh, these
are just some plastic wrist ties. Nothing to worry about � I just want to see
what you look like tied up.�

�What?!�
protested Peter. �Are you sure?� He couldn�t quite believe how many of his
fantasies were coming true.

�I think
it�ll be really hot� Heather giggled. Peter didn�t protest any further, so she
set to work. She was quick. Before long she had secured the ties around each of
his wrists. Then she pulled them tight until the plastic cut into his skin a
little. It hurt but he didn�t say anything for fear of sounding like a wimp.
Then he felt Heather pulling his arms back and linking the ties around his
wrists with another tie. His arms were now locked together behind the pole.

&nbsp;

�Try
moving, how does that feel?� Heather asked with concern in her voice. Peter
tried. He could move his arms up and down, but not very far because of the
painful backwards position they were in. He tried pulling against the pole but
it didn�t even shake. He was securely fastened.

&nbsp;

�It�s fine�
he lied, not wanting to betray his discomfort this early on. But his voice was
shaky and he was worried Heather would stop, thinking he wasn�t up to it.

&nbsp;

But Heather
didn�t stop. She repeated the process on his legs, binding each of his ankles
in the plastic ties and then tying them together behind the pole. He was now
forced to kneel in an uncomfortable position, his weight forced on to his
shoulders and hips, and because of the unnatural way his limbs were locked he
could hardly move at all.

&nbsp;

�This feels
quite tight� he said, noticing that he was breathing hard already under the
strain of the position. Heather was standing in front of him, arms folded,
smiling.

�Good. It�s
supposed to. You look delicious� she smiled. �So as you�ve probably realized,
it�s impossible for you to escape, isn�t it? Are you sure you don�t want to try
some more? I like watching you struggle.�

&nbsp;

Peter
obliged, trying as hard as he could do get out of his restraints. It was
useless. All he managed to do was shift himself into a slightly more painful
position. He was totally, helplessly stuck. And his dick was still very, very
hard.

&nbsp;

Heather
stared at him in fascination. �Try harder� she breathed, apparently excited.
Peter did as he was told and thrashed about, putting all his effort into
breaking the ties, or at least pulling the pole loose. He groaned with the
exertion and finally, eventually, slumped forward, his energy spent.
Unfortunately this meant his weight was now back on his tired limbs, and he
winced in pain.

&nbsp;

�Poor Peter
� you really are stuck, aren�t you?� Heather smiled with satisfaction. �Well,
if it�s any consolation, let me tell you that you look seriously hot all tied
up like that.� Through his pain and increasing nervousness Peter was thrilled
that Heather was enjoying this so much, and tried to concentrate his mind on
the once-in-a-lifetime sexual rewards that awaited him.

&nbsp;

�So what
happens now?� he asked hopefully.

&nbsp;

�I�m not
done yet� Heather replied, her face suddenly serious. She turned her back to
Peter and took something from her bag. Then she approached him with her hands
behind her back. He watched her nervously.

&nbsp;

�What are
you doing? He asked.

&nbsp;

�Open wide�
she said. It was a command, not a question. Peter was almost out of his mind
with lust and complied obediently.

&nbsp;

Into his
open mouth Heather suddenly stuffed a large, red ball gag. She forced it
between his lips and kept pressing despite his bulging eyes, his frantic
struggles and his muffled shouts of protest. Her beautiful face wore an
expression of total concentration as she methodically worked the obscene
contraption into his helpless mouth. Her dainty fingers caressing the ball,
forcing it in inch by inch, until it popped in behind his gums. While he
screamed into it, she set to work securing the gag�s network of straps and
locks until it was totally, immovably locked around the now terrified and
helpless man�s head.

&nbsp;

Heather
stood back and stared at Peter. She was no longer smiling. Instead she was
regarding him with a sort of cool fascination, like a schoolgirl conducting a
science experiment. Peter looked up at her in abject terror. He was screaming
into his gag but hardly any sound was coming out, just muffled moans. He was
desperately trying to break the plastic ties securing his wrists and ankles to
the pole, but they were proving to be fiendishly cruel and secure restraints,
cutting painfully into his skin the more he thrashed about. He looked up at
Heather with pleading eyes, trying to convey to her some degree of his extreme
fear and discomfort. This had clearly gone badly wrong � she must have no idea
how much pain he was in, he thought.

&nbsp;

�It�s no
good moaning, I can�t hear a word� she finally said. How could she tease him
when he was clearly in so much distress?!

&nbsp;

�So� she
began, her voice calm and measured. �Let�s think about this.� He couldn�t
believe how composed she sounded, when he was grunting and thrashing about like
an animal about to be put down. �You are totally, helplessly tied up in a
disused railway tunnel, miles from any passers by, and no-one knows you�re
here. You are also gagged and unable to free yourself or make any kind of
sound. Are you scared yet?� Heather�s eyes widened and there was a demonic
glint in them as she asked this question.

&nbsp;

Peter
nodded frantically. By now yes, he was very scared indeed.

&nbsp;

�Good. I�m
glad you understand the severity of the situation you�ve allowed yourself to be
put into. I want you to be fully aware, at this point, that you willingly let
me do all these things to you. You let me do this to you, didn�t you Peter?�

&nbsp;

He nodded
again. It was true, after all. He had let her and he had loved letting her.
This was the most intense sexual experience of his life.

&nbsp;

�Good� she
smiled again. �So, now that you understand that you willingly walked into this
predicament, I think it�s time to tell you that I have no intention of
releasing you.�

&nbsp;

Peter
thought he hadn�t heard her right. He was so shocked he momentarily forgot
about the ache in his limbs and jaw. Heather licked her lips. �That�s right�
she repeated � �I�m going to leave you like this.�

&nbsp;

He shook
his head and tried no moan �no� into his gag. Heather was grinning again. �Poor
little boy� she purred. �You�re a long way out of your depth I�m afraid. Did
you really think I was interested in having sex with you?� She laughed out
loud, a gorgeous, girlish laugh that filled Peter with lust. He was desperate
to have her, but more than that he was desperate to be released. He pulled with
all his might against the pole, his face turning red and his veins bulging with
the exertion.

&nbsp;

�I can�t
believe how easy it was� Heather continued, standing right in front of him and
staring at him, her eyes hungrily roaming over every inch of his naked,
helpless form. �But please, trust me, having this power, being able to get a
man into this hopeless situation, is such a turn on. And leaving you
here�.ooooh!� She let out a moan of pleasure, her hand sliding down beneath her
skirt. Heather�s eyes widened as she stood, inches in front of Peter, her
fingers pressing against herself, letting him see and hear her pleasure, making
sure that he knew he would never have her.

&nbsp;

Peter
started struggling again, the enormity of what Heather had done to him slowly
sinking in.

&nbsp;

�You�re never
going to touch this body� she taunted him between heavy breaths. �In fact
you�re never going to touch another body again�.oh god�.� Her breathing was
speeding up as she talked, as she saw the mindless terror in her victim�s eyes,
as he screamed uselessly into the cruel gag.

&nbsp;

�You let me
do this to you�and�.now�.it�s too late�.oh�..oh god.� Heather threw her head
back and bit her lip as a huge orgasm coursed through her body. She sank to her
knees and stared Peter in the eyes as she came harder than she�d ever come
before.

&nbsp;

Heather
kneeled there in front of him, breathing hard, licking her lips, relishing
every second of this torture. Peter�s eyes were pleading with her. He knew he
was helpless � no-one would come looking for him. He let himself hope it was
all a sick joke, but as she got up and packed her bag, he knew that she was
deadly serious. He started screaming as loud as he could as she stood in front
of him and blew him a kiss. And he was sobbing uncontrollably now. Heather
smiled.

&nbsp;

�Are you
crying? Oh, that is so hot! I have to get this for later.� She produced a
digital camera and took photo after photo of the tears streaming down Peter�s
face, extreme close-ups showing the extent of his misery and anguish.

&nbsp;

�Goodbye
Peter. Thanks � it was a lot of fun. Try not to miss me too much� she giggled
as she turned on her heel, extinguished the candle and marched down the tunnel.
Peter wailed into his gag as he heard her pull the iron sheet back across the
entrance, leaving him in darkness.

&nbsp;

Hours
passed. He had long ago given up struggling. It was useless � he could not free
himself. Most humiliatingly of all, even now, in full knowledge of Heather�s
insane cruelty, when he thought of the way she looked at him with the gag in
his mouth, his dick grew hard. He tried to rub himself into the ground, to
achieve even that relief, but he couldn�t reach. As the ache in his muscles
began to blot out all other thoughts, he shut his eyes and saw Heather�s
pretty, innocent face floating in front of him before he collapsed into
unconsciousness.

&nbsp;

Back home,
stretching out in her huge, soft bed, Heather couldn�t stop smiling. When she�d
got home she�d had dinner with her parents, told them all about her day at
work, and treated herself to a long, luxurious bubble bath. Now she was looking
at the photos she�d taken of Peter. Her hand reached down lazily as she flicked
through the expressions of terror and confusion on his face, and she quickly
brought herself to another mindblowing orgasm. The thought of him still there,
totally helpless, crying, in the dark, was the most delicious pleasure she�d
ever known. Heather toyed with the idea of going back tomorrow, just to look at
him � and maybe tease him with the prospect of release. Leaving him there for
the second time might be even more cruel, more delectable, than the first. Or
maybe it was even crueler never to go back there again. Either way, she was
happy, and she drifted off into a heavy, satisfying sleep.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  JP


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





