BDSM Library - Stupid Choices




Stupid Choices
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy frinds his friend\'s wife\'s naughty pictures posted online and uses them to blackmail and humiliate her with a quick blowjob in the park.







This is a story about how a stupid mistake and even more stupid
decisions spiraled out of control

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2006-12-18T23:11:00Z
  2006-12-18T23:11:00Z
  1
  2170
  12371
   
  103
  29
  14512
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








This is a story about how a stupid mistake and even more stupid decisions
spiraled out of control. I write erotic stories. I have been writing for
several years. As time went on the vanilla erotica turned to BDSM erotica. As
that venue was explored in my stories, my husband and I started to dabble in
BDSM in real life and I became bored with writing about it and moved to more
extreme erotica dealing with kidnapping and rape. In order to understand more
and research so my stories would be more believable I posted in forums geared
towards rape fantasies. 

I found the perfect site to do this where it wasn't actually one on one chat in
the sense that it was sex chatting in a chat room. This site allows women to
post a profile and a description of what they imagine a rape would be like,
what they would be put through and what they would expect from a rape. Then
others posted what they would do with them or to them and then then you reply
to the post and it is like an on going story written by the participants. I was
careful in posting my profile taking all the precautions of not listing the
state where I live and making sure I made it clear I was not looking for any
real life role play. 

I waited for replies. There were so many women in each room that I wasn't getting
any hits at all. Most of the replies went to women with pictures on their
profile. I figured there would be no harm. My name wasn't posted on there
anywhere so why not post a couple of pictures. I had a few that my husband had
taken of me in nude suggestive poses. I picked 3 good ones and posted them. 

A couple of days later I had email from one of my husband's close friends from
work. I had known Rick for a very long time. My husband and I often went out
bar hopping and hung out with him. I ignored the emails hoping he would just
give up and figure it wasn't me. That it just looked like me. Then I got
another email from him telling me I had one last chance to contact him and to
check out the discussion board in the &quot;dungeon&quot;. 

There were only 3 new posts one of which read &quot;What would YOU do&quot; I
clicked on it. As I read my heart pounded furiously. Fear and anger totally
consumed me. 

Rick�s post read, &quot;Imagine my surprise when I was going through dungeon
pictures and actually saw someone I recognized. I not only recognized her but
her husband is always bragging about what a horny hot piece of ass she is,
making the rest of us feel like we're missing out. I know given his past with
his ex wife he wouldn't approve of this site. I e-mailed her and told her I saw
her pictures on here. Instead of e-mailing me back she deleted the picture
showing her face and replaced it with a different picture. �Stupid slut, I
saved the picture. So here lies the dilemma. I could just let the whole thing
drop and just keep jacking off to the picture and fantasizing or I could make
her earn the picture back. I'm thinking a morning and afternoon with a
reluctant little fuck toy while her husband is at work might be fun. The
thought of her kneeling in front of me groveling at me feet, begging me
tearfully not to tell, offering to do anything I ask to get that picture
deleted is just too perfect. Decisions Decisions. What do you think? Should I
take advantage of the situation? I mean she did post her picture on the web for
anyone to cum across. lol (pun intended) Maybe just hanging on to it and
teasing and tormenting her with the fact I have it for a while might be even
better. I could slowly break her and make her seek ME out. The possibilities
are endless aren't they? I know she'll read this and I know she will instantly
know it's her I am referring to. LMFAO I'm such a bastard! **winks** &quot; 

My husband knew I wrote erotic stories and he did I know I researched them but
he would freak over the pictures and the fact that I was talking one on one
with other men to get story ideas, even if it was just replying to posts made.
His ex wife was a cyber whore, only she met the men in real life and used his
hard earned money to do so. So when it comes to the whole sex chat thing, even
though he trusts me, he would be furious. The fact that there were also
pictures attached would totally destroy our marriage.

I was a tearful emotional wreck. I never in a million years thought any one I
knew would be on a site like that. He ended up letting me off the hook, or so I
thought. After talking to him on the phone He told me he was trying to teach me
a lesson and that I should be more careful about posting things like that on
the Web. He was so nice, and genuine. His caring friend act was so convincing.
I laughed it off and told him I agreed and understood but he didn't have to
scare the hell out me.

I started getting little emails from him asking me questions about my stories
and fantasies. I figured I was off the hook and he told me he had deleted the
pictures. He already knew about my alter ego author of erotica identity. I
figured there was no harm in answering some questions. He had been a close
friend of both me and my husband for a long time and he was easy to talk to.
Besides, I have to admit, the embarrassment of discussing such intimate details
kind of got me off. Little did I know he was playing me like a pro. 

One day out of the blue I got an email from him, the subject line was
&quot;lunch date&quot;. I thought it was strange and opened the mail. He told
me to meet him in the park near my house at 12:30. The letter said I had teased
him for weeks and I owed him a blow job. I called Rick thinking the email
request he made was just him messing with my head, a cruel joke.

&quot;Rick what the fuck do you think you're doing? There is no way in hell I
am going to meet you in the park and give you a blow job!&quot; I was frantic.
My voice quivered with indignation and panic as my shaking hand held the phone.
He chuckled and said, &quot;Listen you kinky little slut, you have teased me
long enough and with all the willing fantasy sharing emails that I saved in
addition to the pictures and profile I have enough on you to burry you.&quot; 

I began crying and begged and pleaded with him not to make me do this. I knew
the email made it appear I had been teasing him but the truly wasn't what
motivated me in answering and writing him. While I was talking to him on cell
phone he interrupted me and said &quot;Listen close bitch&quot; I heard the
phone dialing and my heart totally sank. He was calling my husband. I heard him
laugh and say &quot;I just wanted to give you a ring and let you know I found
some information online that you'll be really interested in. As much as I hate
dropping by the office on my day off, I really think you would like to have
this. He was quite for a second. I was begging and yelling into the phone
&quot;NO!!!! Oh god, please don't do this to me!!&quot; He gave a little laugh
and said &quot;ok buddy I'll see you around 2 then.&quot; After he hung up I
was sobbing uncontrollably. &quot;Will I be giving him the pictures profile and
selected emails or information about a project we are working on that new
product start up we are working on together at work? It's your choice my kinky
plaything.� I begged and pleaded frantically with him but to no avail.

He laughed at me sadistically and said &quot;I want you to walk to the pic nic
shelter on far end of the park be there at 12:30 sharp. I want you wearing
jeans with no panties. It's a pretty cold day so you have to wear a coat but I
either want you topless under your coat or wearing a button up blouse with no
bra. Do as I say and I will keep quiet. No sex, just a little blow job,
Becca&quot; I hung up the phone, tears streaming down my face. I hurried to get
ready. I didn't have much time and was terrified of being late

I nervously walked to the far end of the park as told. Rick was waiting in his
car. I walked to the passenger side and started to open the door to get in.
Rick laughed as he stared evilly at me and snapped &quot;Close the door and
walk around to the other side.&quot; He rolled his window down and asked &quot;
Awww is my little lunch date cold?&quot; I was getting furious with his mind
games. I felt so helpless. &quot;You know I am Rick! It's fucking freezing out
here.&quot; The wind was whipping and the wind-chill had to be in the 30's. He
laughs and says &quot;That�s a shame because I'm rather hot. Open my door and
get on your knees beside the car. I started crying and once again pleaded with
him not to make me do this.

He held up 2 folders and asked in a playful voice &quot;...info on wife or info
on work?&quot; I'll never forget how helpless I felt or those words as he said
them. He stared at me grinning. Apparently he was having quite a bit of fun
watching me in total torment. I opened his door and dropped to my knees. The
gravel was sharp and cold bruising my knees through my jeans. He reached over
and unzipped my coat slipping it off of me. He reached out of the warmth of the
car and grabbed my breasts digging his fingers into me through my shirt.&quot;
Unbutton it slut!&quot; he demanded. He glared at me as I quickly started to
unbutton the shirt, my hands were shaking. &quot;Slow down! A little cock tease
like you should know how to do this right!&quot; He shouted.

I slowly unbuttoned my shirt as he watched me. His lips curled up into a smug
grin as his tongue darted between his lips licking them like a hungry wolf
watching a helpless lamb. He reached out and grabbed my shirt and roughly
jerked it open. Without a word he leaned out of the car and grabbed my bare
breasts. &quot;I would love to fuck those big tits.&quot; he said lewdly. His
fingers sunk into my tender skin painfully, making me wince. He laughed as he
leaned out further and sucked on of my nipples into his hot mouth, flicking it
roughly with his tongue before sinking his teeth into it. I bit my lip and tried
not to cry as tears started building. I didn't want to give him the
satisfaction of seeing me cry. He played with my breasts, squeezing and
pinching my nipples. &quot;Oh Becca you are such a little kinky slut aren't
you? All those fantasies about being dominated and controlled, yearning to be
used as a little fucktoy and made to obey. I've wanted to get my hands on those
tits every since that night at the bar that John had you flashing everyone.� My
face burned with a hot blush as I recalled the night of way too many drinks and
the bar contest offering free drinks to the nicest tits. I remembered John
reaching over and jerking up my shirt and screaming &quot;Hey look at
mine!&quot; 

&quot;Reach over and touch my cock. Feel how hard you make me.&quot; I couldn't
believe all this was really happening. I just kneeled there looking at him. He
reached out of the car and slapped me hard across the face and grabbed my hand
and put it on his dick. &quot;A cum craving bitch like you should be able to
figure out something to do with a cock like that, don�t you think?&quot;

He looked me in the eyes as he grinned at me with the most evil look I've ever
seen. &quot;Take it out of my pants and stroke it.&quot; I unfastened his
pants. I was shivering and shaking both from the cold and from fear. He leaned
back in the seat. I could feel the heat rolling from the car heater as I
reached in and did as I was told. &quot;Please Rick at least let me in the car.
It�s freezing out here with my shirt hanging open. &quot;You aren't here to be
comfortable slut. This is all about me. It has nothing to do with your comfort.
The better job you do sucking my cock the faster this will be over.&quot; 

I reached over and tugged his boxers down freeing his cock. I grasped him with
my hand and stroked it with my trembling fingers. I slowly lowered my head and
wrapped my mouth around the head of his dick and slid my lips tightly down his
shaft inch by inch. He grabbed a hand full of my hair and gripped it painfully
as he said, &quot;I know you can do better than that bitch!� He jerked my head
down as he thrust his hips forward, ramming his cock into the back of my
throat. He pulled my hair harder as he guided my lips up and down his hard
dick. I could feel it pulsing between my lips as I did my best not to gag on
it. I knew he was enjoying this much more than I was. It seemed like forever
until I felt him tense up and start to cum. I could taste the salty cum as it
began to flow out of him. He yanked my hair up, jerking my mouth off his cock
and gripped it with the other hand aiming it at my face. Cum splattered in
thick ropes on my face and in my hair. 

As he rubbed his twitching cock all over my cum covered face he said, �Damn you
suck a good cock. I wonder how many cocks you've had in that pretty little
mouth of yours to be this good at it.&quot; He chuckled as he smeared his cum
across my lips. He leaned back and stuffed his cock back into his pants and
fastened them I reached up to wipe my face off with my hand. He grabbed my
wrist as I raised it and grabbed my hair with his other hand jerking me towards
him. I didn't tell you that you could wipe your face, did I cunt? Leave it
there. Cum dripping off your face is a good look for you.� I was so
embarrassed. I looked around the park nervously. I was so glad it was so cold
and dreary. There was no around to see me standing there like that.

&quot;Stand up cum slut and leave your hands at you side. Stand still and don't
move. I want to get a good look at my kinky little cum slut.&quot; He gripped
the front of my jeans and jerked me forward. His hands slipped down the waist
of my jeans as he started to unbutton them. I started crying. I couldn't take
any more of this humiliation. &quot;Rick, you promised that all I had to do was
give you a blow job!&quot; He grinned and said &quot;Oh quit whining. I don't
want to fuck you I just want to taste you.&quot; He shoved his hand down the
front of my pants and sunk his fingers into my pussy gripping me roughly. Then
he rubbed my clit really hard and pinched it with his slick fingers
unexpectedly. I let out a squeal. The pain was so bad.

He laughed at me and said &quot;Oh shut the hell up. Judging from how wet you
are you got off on this just as much as I did.&quot; He took his hand out of my
pants and licked his fingers. &quot;Go ahead, button up and clean your self up
slut.&quot; He picked up my coat and handed it to me before swinging his legs
back into the warm car, slamming the door. He cracked the window and said
&quot;I am finished using my plaything for now, enjoy your walk home.&quot; He
laughed as he rolled up his window. He started his car and drove off leaving me
standing there with my coat in my hands and my shirt hanging open, crying. I
dread the thought of seeing him and having to act as if nothing happened. I
feel like I'm living in a nightmare that I can't wake up from. 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cum Slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





