BDSM Library - School boy Slave




School boy Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Justin is used and abused, by two of his fellow students and there father, the school physical education teacher. Read how Justin is enslaved and black mailed into all sorts of demeaning things







Hank Williams had the boy positioned with his face to the wall

 
  Alex
   jim
  2
  322
  2006-12-21T02:33:00Z
  2006-12-21T02:33:00Z
  1
  1586
  9043
  75
  21
  10608
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Hank
Williams had the boy positioned with his face to the wall. He was trembling and
tears were streaming down his face. The other boys in the changing room sat on
the 2 benches directly facing each other. They anticipated what was going to
happen and stared on at the young boy intently. The boy was wearing a pair of
school trousers and shirt and tie. The school rules of conduct were as follows;
any boy forgetting his gym kit will be punished sufficiently by the member of
staff on duty. The boy in question, Justin had forgotten his shorts on this
occasion, and he would certainly feel regrets later that day.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Hank had
him in the position for a few minutes. He told the boy how stupid he was, and
that he had no respect for school policy, also that he was a good for nothing
brat that was going to get his comeuppance. Hank began to speak �look the rest
of you, this is what happens to naughty boys who forget to bring there gym kit,
the simple answer is they perform the lesson in the nude� Everyone in the room
except for Justin listened and looked on in disbelief. There very first gym
lesson and some one was already in deep trouble. �Now this is a warning to all
of you, remember your gym kit in the future and you won�t be made an example of
like this stupid boy�. 

&nbsp;

With that
hank gave orders to the boy.� Pull your trousers and pants down and remove your
shirt and tie� The boy was in utter disbelief, he was in shock and was in an
uncertainty of what to do. �Well fucking do it boy, or I�ll have to do it for
you� screamed Hank. The boy�s heart was racing and he was perspiring at a
considerable rate. With that Hank slapped the boy, with a fierce swipe, and
then the boy just trembled and began to remove his shoes and socks. Hank though
was beginning to get angry, and became impatient with the boys lack of
enthusiasm. He decided enough was enough, and decided if you want some thing
done you have to do it your self. 

&nbsp;

He walked
over to the boy and ripped down his trousers, they fell to his knees and Hank
ordered him to step out of them. He did so and the boy stood there in his pants
and shirt. Some of the other boys began to laugh as they saw Justin was wearing
a pair of y-fronts. Hank then proceeded to remove his shirt. Once his shirt was
off Justin stood there in his pants still facing the wall. Hank came close to
the boy�s ear and whispered some thing to him. �Now this is the part I enjoy
most boy, seeing you naked in front of the rest of your class, seeing your
little cock and balls swaying, oh and I�m sure the rest of your class is going
to enjoy this, I just love humiliating little boys�

&nbsp;

Hank
positioned himself so his back was to the rest of the boys but his cock was
touching Justin�s ass from inside the material of his shorts. Justin could feel
the throbbing of Hanks cock on his ass, it scared him. Hank discreetly moved
his cock up and down Justin�s back side momentarily, and then stopped as not to
arouse suspicion. �This wont be the last time we meet boy, I have big ideas for
you�. 

&nbsp;

With that
Hank pulled down Justin�s pants, exposing his raw teenage ass, smooth and
fresh. From looking at his ass there was no indication of hair growth. Just a
plump fresh teen boy�s ass for the taking, and take it at some point Hank
would. He grabbed hold of Justin�s neck and swiftly turned him around so that
everyone could see him naked.

&nbsp;

Some boys
began to laugh and make remarks on his cock size. �Look at the size of that,
Justin�s got a pin dick� Everyone erupted in sheer laughter, and almost
everyone was making hand gestures with there little finger, directing there
hand in the view of Justin. He just looked on, in the most embarrassing
situation in all his life. Unable to comprehend that this was even happening to
him.

&nbsp;

�Quiet,
quiet� hank shouted

&nbsp;

�There�s
just one more thing that I want you to do for me Justin, before we go out for
field hockey� said Hank

&nbsp;

�What�s
that Sir� Justin said

&nbsp;

�I want you
to wear this when we go out for the lesson� said Hank.

&nbsp;

With that
Hank began to unzip his short pocket and reveal some thing to the boys. His

Cock could
be seen bobbing up and down in his shorts, and underneath his balls swayed with
his motion of walking. The tightness of the shorts enticed the size of his cock
and predominantly showed the sheer size of it. He knew for very well that all
the boys could see this, and it was his mark of power. The message sent out
through this body language was 

&nbsp;

�Fuck with
me, and you�ll fuck with my cock�

&nbsp;

Hanks
pulled out what at first looked like a piece of string, it was then though to
everyone�s amazement that it turned out to be a pink cotton g-string. The other
boys began to laugh again, Justin though stood in shock realising what he was
going to have to do.

&nbsp;

�There�s
nothing more I like boy, than watching a student run round in gym with a girly
g-string. Quite embarrassing don�t you think? Filthy teenage boys like yourself
need to be taught a lesson, isn�t that right class? Hank shouted.

&nbsp;

�Sure is
sir� everyone shouted

&nbsp;

�Now get
this on boy�

&nbsp;

Justin
gazed at the G-string and the daunting prospect of having to wear them. He
pulled them up over his knees and positioned them on, like a good slut. He
noted that they were way too small for is complexion, but what could he do
about it he had to comply, or things would get even worse, if that was
possible. As they were pulled up to the top over his cock and balls he felt the
string at the back go up his crack and into his ass. It was then that he felt
the most demeaning of everything he had done today.

&nbsp;

Hank
grabbed the back of them and pulled them up even further so the back of them
were wedged so far up his ass he nearly stumbled over in shock. This directly
made the front of the G-string grasp his cock and balls and entice the size of
them, which was really very small indeed. Hank turned him around and everyone gazed
on at his ass cheeks. One boy shouted

&nbsp;

�He�s a
rite little slut now, a proper bitch� another said �Bet he could take it all
night long�

&nbsp;

�Rite fall
out boys� shouted Hank except for Justin, Lee and Josh. The rest of the boys
followed out of the door, each one giving Justin a swift slap on the ass as the
exited. Justin closed his eyes and tried to think he was some where else. He
was totally embarrassed and vulnerable, standing there in a girly G-string.
Everyone else left except For Lee and Josh who presented them selves in front
of Justin and Hank.

&nbsp;

Justin
stood face to face with the other two boys, they each had a look of happiness
in there eyes, and each had a small sly grin on there face. Justin thought it
was as though they new something, or were ready to do something. Various
thoughts were escalating through his mind, trying to figure out the situation.
Then it dawned on him. He assessed them both and looked down at there shorts.
Each had a large bulge coming from there crotch. Justin could make out there
cock and balls ever so slightly getting larger, from underneath the material of
there shorts. Oh no he thought!

&nbsp;

�Well
Justin, I feel by now as though you have grasped the concept of what�s going
on. Let me tell you something about these two boys�

&nbsp;

He walked
between the two boys and rested either hand on both of there shoulders.

&nbsp;

�This is
Lee and this is Josh as you have already gathered, and let me tell you
something they are both my sons, and unfortunately for you they are going to
have a lot of power over you, and you will do what ever they ask by any means
possible�

&nbsp;

Justin
gazed on in astonishment, do what they say he thought, his first day at a new
school and he had been told that he had to follow orders from students. He
realised that it didn�t take an Isaac Newton to figure out what he was going to
have to do. More to the point how long was he going to have to follow orders.
With this being a boarding school, and no return to home for six months, a cold
realisation set into him, this was going to be a long ride, and cruelly in more
ways than one. He came back to his senses and then again realised he was
standing there in a pink, thin girly g-string, plus two boys stood in front of
him with now raging hard ons underneath there shorts. Hank began to speak

&nbsp;

�Yes Justin
any thing they say remember, oh and if you try to weasel your way out of
things, run away, tell any one about this, your parents for example. I�ll make
sure you never see the light of day again. You think I�m lying do you? Well let
me show you this�

&nbsp;

Justin
looked on as Hank produced a small camera from his pocket. He presented it to
Justin and told him to take a look at the small video caption that was
available to watch. Justin watched intently as the caption film unfolded. It
showed him, from inside his room back at the boarding school sleeping quarters.
No one else was around, except for Justin masturbating to him self, whilst
probing his arse hole with two fingers in an attempt to get off. Justin was in
shock, but thought it best not to shout at Hank as that would make the
situation worse.

&nbsp;

�How did
you get this, where were you filming� Justin said

&nbsp;

�That for
me to now, and you not to find out, all I know is that I have video of you
doing these embarrassing things, and you wouldn�t want them to fall into the
wrong hands. So comply for the next six months and everything should be fine,
or else. I�ll send copies of this video to everyone in your home town, everyone
in the school, and the most embarrassing of all, your parents!�

&nbsp;

Justin
gulped at the prospect of that happening. The other two boys just looked on at
him, giving Justin the body language of �your mine now bitch �

&nbsp;

�So that is
all for the moment Justin, are you going to go along with what I said or am I
going to have to release these photos, it�s your choice� said Hank

&nbsp;

Justin felt
so humiliated and ashamed but forced himself to say �yes Sir I agree to your
rules�

&nbsp;

�That�s
good Justin, I�ll leave you here for now with my boys, but I want you on the
field in ten minutes�

&nbsp;

Hank
swaggered off to his delight, thinking to him self, I love being me. Justin was
left with Lee and Josh, his body was cold and he felt very insecure in front of
them both, with just the g-string on.

&nbsp;

�Right
bitch, you know what your going to do for us now� said Lee

&nbsp;

Justin
didn�t have to think hard as what the answer was, he gulped and waited for
there responses.

&nbsp;

�A hard
long blow job, and another thing you�ll be giving us one every day, oh and make
it a long good job, I want to feel my cock at the back of your throat� said
Josh

&nbsp;

With that
Josh positioned himself in front of Justin, awaiting his satisfaction���.

��

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be
continued

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Lee stood in front of Justin�s face, his cock inches from his mouth

 
  Alex
   jim
  2
  377
  2007-03-02T16:43:00Z
  2007-03-02T16:43:00Z
  1
  2971
  16940
  141
  39
  19872
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Lee stood
in front of Justin�s face, his cock inches from his mouth. Justin knelled there
in trepidation, unable to comprehend what had just happened. He was at his new
school and on the first day he was being used as a pussy fuck toy, for other
student�s satisfaction. He felt completely humiliated, and who wouldn�t in this
predicament. He looked up at Lee�s cock and the daunting prospect of having to
suck it; it was so big he thought. Much bigger than his cock, the thick organ
was so hard that the veins could be seen almost popping out at the side. The
bulbous purple head was two inches thick and a clear solution of pre cum oozed
from the opening. 

&nbsp;

�Well
fucking get to work on my cock, you fucking slut� screamed Lee

&nbsp;

�Erm�..yeah�.please
don�t make me do this Lee� murmured Justin in a futile attempt to get himself
out of the situation

&nbsp;

�Your going
to suck my cock, because if you don�t I�m going to do something to you! I don�t
know what that is because everyone has always done what I said� Shouted Lee in
an authorative tone.

&nbsp;

Lee grabbed
the back of Justin�s head and grabbed hold of his ears, forcing him forward.

Josh
positioned himself behind Justin preventing him escape or any thing else he
might try.

&nbsp;

�Look
Justin there�s no where to go, it�s just you and us, more to the point you and
our cocks� said Josh

&nbsp;

The two
chuckled to each other; Justin just sat there in submission awaiting his
demeaning task.

&nbsp;

Justin
realised he had to do this, and moved his mouth in tongue touching distance of
Lee�s cock. 

&nbsp;

�Yeah that�s
it bitch, keep going� said Lee

&nbsp;

Justin
clasped his petite pussy boy lips round the head of Lee�s cock. He did a
swirling motion of his tongue over the head of the cock, going clock wise. As
Justin was moving his tongue over the head he felt the old crusty cum, that had
dried up and deposited on the sides of his cock, it was fucking disgusting he
thought. Though that wasn�t what scared him most, the size of Lee�s cock was
what scared him.

&nbsp;

�Ummm
that�s good bitch, but fucking suck it like a proper little whore go right
down, moving your mouth in and out� said Lee 

&nbsp;

Justin
decided there was no return from this humiliating dominance, so he moved his
mouth further in like Lee had instructed. He felt the cock nearing the back of
his throat, and was starting to feel his gag reflex setting in. Though he
didn�t gag, for he wasn�t prepared to face the consequences. It was then that
Lee thought that enough was enough. He thrust his cock in and out of Justin�s
mouth, face fucking him, to the point were Justin was making pathetic gag
noises. Lee carried on, moving his cock in and out, until eventually a loud
grunt escaped Lee�s throat, and he was on the brink of ejaculation.

&nbsp;

�Yeah
bitch, you�re going to swallow every last bit of cum that I release, you hear
me?�

&nbsp;

Lee then
released a thick gooey stream of teenage cum. Justin began swallowing the
filthy Liquid, though more just kept coming, and Lee wasn�t stopping. His
relentless face fucking of Justin really turned him on, and his big manly
balls, kept pumping more and more cum into Justin�s mouth and down his throat.
Eventually he stopped and pulled his now flaccid cock from Justin�s mouth. He
slapped his cock back and forth in Justin�s face making sure extra droplets of
cum splattered over the boys face. 

&nbsp;

Lee put his
cock, back into his gym shorts. Justin meanwhile had fallen down on the floor;
all curled up like a little baby. He was sobbing quietly, then it dawned on
him, this was only the beginning, he had six gruelling months of this, and he
was already at the point of no return. Well unless he wanted his family and
friends to see, that video caption that Hank possessed. 

&nbsp;

Lee and
Josh began laughing, and taunting Justin. The each kicked him in the ass a few
times, and josh made sure he got one in his balls; well it wasn�t hard to miss
when the boy was wearing a pink girly skin tight thong.

&nbsp;

�You
listening boy, every fucking day, you�ll be giving us one of those, and if you
think where gong to stop there you can think again. There are other holes on
your pathetic little body, which can be used too�.

&nbsp;

Justin
froze momentarily, and realised even an idiot knew what that meant.

&nbsp;

�Now get up
you stupid slut, were going out for Hockey now, and we wouldn�t want to miss
that now would we Josh?�

&nbsp;

The boys
grinned at each other; Justin by now had risen to his feet. He was trembling
and tears were streaming own his face. Josh grabbed his neck from behind and
ordered him to walk out of the changing rooms. Justin protested but the man
power of Lee and Josh combined was too much. He was going to have to face a
lesson of field hockey, in a pink G-string, worst still in front of the other
students, and Mr Williams. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The three
boys walked out of the changing rooms, Josh still clutching Justin�s neck
tightly. They proceeded out of the double doors and into the main yard. It was
then when reality really set in for Justin. He looked down to his small package
beneath his G-string, and it dawned on him how utterly embarrassing this whole
situation was.

�Eyes
forward and walk properly, remove your hands from your cock, and put them by
your side, I don�t want to see them move from there again do you understand?�

&nbsp;

In the
diminishing situation that Justin was in, he had done what any person would do.
He held both hands tightly around his balls and cock, in an attempt to hide his
embarrassment. This just drew more attention to his naked body, and to be
honest there was no point trying to hide his small package, as he was basically
naked anyway. They continued walking through the yard, and out onto the main
field. Josh decided a little fun was in order. He rubbed his hands on the back
of Justin�s bum cheeks, and teased him by pulling the string in and out. He
then used two fingers on his left hand to probe the inside of Justin�s ass. He
massaged and worked his fingers in and out pushing as far in as he could go.

&nbsp;

�This is
just a taster of what you�ll be receiving in the future Justin. Just remember
that these are my fingers, Imagine what it�s going to feel like when the whole
class is gangbanging you. One after the other, your mouth and ass at the same
time getting rammed� said Josh

&nbsp;

This was
the first time something had entered Justin�s ass, and he didn�t like it, not
one bit. He let out a helpless squeal.

&nbsp;

�Listen to
the bitch squeal Lee� uttered Josh

&nbsp;

�Yeah there
going to be screams when we take your ass� said Lee

&nbsp;

Josh
removed his fingers, and the three of them were nearing the field. Justin could
see about ten boys playing five a side Hockey, and Mr Williams giving
instructions. They all saw the boys approaching, and stopped in unison to
stare. Each boy burst out laughing, and some of them shouting slurs at Justin.

&nbsp;

�Now listen
up boys, who�s up for teaching him a lesson� shouted Hank

&nbsp;

�Yeah
definitely Sir, though what�s your plan?� one boy shouted

&nbsp;

�Well boys,
what are you holding in your hands� said Hank

&nbsp;

Each boy
looked down, to what they were holding. Wasn�t it obvious to them Hank thought,
they each held a one metre length metal hockey stick. The bottom consisted of a
paddle, which would be most perfect for smacking a boy�s ass. Yes, Hank thought
to himself a ripe, teenage boy�s ass for the taking. His fresh sensitive
buttocks, perfect for a good old fashion throttling.

&nbsp;

Each boy
looked up, and looked around at there class mates. A devilish grin painting
there faces. By now Justin was within three metres of the rest of the class.
The harsh wintry cold, made him shake, goose pimples had risen on his body.
Josh still had his hand firmly gripped around Justin�s throat, and there was no
possibility of escape. 

�Ah Justin
I�m glad you came to join us, we�ve just been having a little spot of field
hockey. I�m sure some of the boys could use a little variation to take out
there pent up anger, presumably you. Now first things first, I have decided
that we shall play a little game to warm things up. The game consists of a
little mini-run. All of you will be given a fair chance, to complete the
exercise and the boy who finishes in last place will suffer the consequences.�

&nbsp;

Hank and
the rest of the boys all looked in the direction of Justin, each of them giving
a sly grin. Justin could feel a tear building up in his eyes, though he managed
to keep back his emotions, he didn�t want to be humiliated, if that was even
possible. He knew very well that there would be some sort of altercation with
the race, to prevent him from finishing any thing but last. Some of the other
boys were grinning at Justin, which just made him feel worse about himself. 

&nbsp;

�Ok boys
the race will start on my command. You will do two laps of the field and the
last one back; will as I have already said face punishment. Ok positions in
place and prepare your selves.�

&nbsp;

All the
boys, including Justin got ready on the starting line. Justin was trembling and
knew whatever happened he was going to succumb to punishment. 

&nbsp;

�On your
marks, get set go� shouted Hank

&nbsp;

The whistle
blew and the boys set off, Justin knew he was only a moderately good runner, so
he had the chance to prevent coming last. One of the boys that were directly
behind him, yanked up his G-string, some of the other boys laughed but carried
on, intent on not losing the race. It was then though that as Justin was raring
to sprint off, that two boys in front of him each stepped out. A leg on either
side, Justin knew some thing like this was coming but was unable to prevent it,
for he was going to fast. He tripped up and landed face first in a pile of mud,
his ass up turned in the air. The two boys behind him carried on past, each one
giving him a good kicking in the ass. Justin felt diminished, and most of all
victimised. He gave up hope there was no point in trying to win the race it was
over. By now all the other boys were nearing three quarters of the way into the
first lap.

He rose to
his feet and put a steady jog on; he also had to rearrange his G-string. It was
wedged so far up his ass that the front of his package looked like the
genitalia of a small child. He began sprinting off, but it was to late the
other boys were already catching up. He looked over to Mr Williams, he had his
arms folded and a he was sniggering. Justin could almost make out what he was
thinking; well he knew exactly what he was thinking.

&nbsp;

He carried
on jogging, not realising that the other boys were coming up behind him. Though
this time they did not feel the need to push Justin over, he was going to lose
the race not them. One cheeky boy though did give Justin a firm slap on the
ass, and carried on running past him. He turned around and shouted at him.

&nbsp;

�Hope you
like that Justin, there�s plenty more to come�

&nbsp;

What did he
mean by that he thought; a slap on the ass? There�s plenty more to come? Oh no,
it dawned home they were going to spank his ass raw, and with those hockey
sticks. Yes those blunt, harsh, metal hockey sticks. He gulped in fear. With
all that thinking he had forgotten the race and where he was. He looked up
ahead and realised he was at the end of the line, the finish line. Quite
ironic, the finish line should be the rest time, Justin�s time had only just
begun.

&nbsp;

The rest of
the boys stood there each one wielding there hockey sticks in hand, Mr Williams
still stood there with his arms folded. 

&nbsp;

�Ahhh,
Justin I see you�ve come in last place, and you know what that means? Now get
the fuck over there on the floor and lie down, how should we make him lay Lee?�

&nbsp;

�Down on
the floor, like a fucking dog, better still in doggy style position, you
fucking hear that Justin, you�re nothing more than a worthless dog�. 

&nbsp;

And, by god
I am going to relieve some satisfaction in beating you. The other lads began to
chuckle at Lee�s comments. He looked Justin in the eye, Justin stared back and
began crying uncontrollably, the situation had got the better of him, and he
couldn�t take it any more. Tears streamed down his face and he sobbed into his
hands. Justin thought for one second that maybe they would feel sympathy for
him and maybe show some element of compassion. That wasn�t the case though;
instead Hank stomped over to Justin.

&nbsp;

He picked
him up by his arms, and thrust him over his shoulders, so his head was vertical
to the floor behind Hank�s back. Hank proceeded to walk down the length of the
field the other boys followed behind; he began whispering in Justin�s ear.

&nbsp;

�Think, you
can cry in front of me, boy and get away with it. You worthless piece of shit,
who the fucking hell do you think you are? Well I know what you are, my little
cum receptor, and me and my son�s are going to have a private rendezvous with
you soon, very soon. In fact one day I may even decide to take you as my very
own slave, you don�t believe me? I�ve done it before to other boys, and I don�t
believe you would want to know where they are now? Would you?

&nbsp;

Hank
grabbed the boys� balls grabbing tightly around them. Justin shrieked in pain
and more tears streamed down his face.

&nbsp;

�now you
better take your beating like a bitch, your ass is going to be so red, by the
end of the lesson that I doubt you will be able to sit down for a month� said
hank 

&nbsp;

�You going
to take it like a good bitch?.........well?�

&nbsp;

�Yes Sir�
replied Justin.

&nbsp;

Hank had
gotten to his desired place, perfect for a good spanking. They were situated at
the far end of the football field now, just the rest of the boys and Justin.
They were perfectly secluded, no one to interrupt. 

&nbsp;

�Now get on
the floor, doggy as my son instructed�

&nbsp;

All the
boys surrounded Hank, Justin stood in front of them quivering like a worthless
bitch. Everything went silent; Justin continued to stand there, unwilling to
bow down to Hank�s orders.

&nbsp;

�Oh I have
had enough of this� shouted Hank

&nbsp;

He ran up
behind the boy Justin unaware and kicked him onto the floor. Now Hank Williams
was a big man, an ex marine corporal in fact. Justin fell to the floor a large
imprint patterned into the naked flesh of his back. Hank had big feet, must
have at least been size thirteen, this indicated that he obviously had a very
big cock. Unfortunate for Justin, most pleasing for Hank for when he pounds the
boys� ass in the future. 

&nbsp;

Justin was
filthy by now; he had mud on his face, back and legs. He looked like a complete
tramp. Justin got into position as instructed, getting kicked again was not on
his agenda, and getting paddled was inevitable.

&nbsp;

�Push your
head right down onto the floor, bury you�re head in the mud, and spread you�re
legs as far apart as you can� instructed Hank.

&nbsp;

Justin
began to do as he was told. His face plunged into the mud; at least he wouldn�t
have to see the embarrassing spectacle. He spread his legs as far as they would
go, opening his ass for the perfect prime target for the boys. His ass cheeks
were so plump and fresh the line of the G-string was barely visible as it was
wedged into his ass. 

&nbsp;

Some of the
other boys began chatting

&nbsp;

�Yeah I�m
going to hit him hard, right were the sun don�t shine� one commented. 

&nbsp;

�His ass is
going to be so red, its going to look like dried red paint, even a bull would
ram into him�(hehe)

&nbsp;

They all
began laughing and getting ready to whack his ass. Hank pulled out a pair of
scissors from his pocket and walked over to Justin. He bent down and cut both
sides of the string. It fell to the ground and Hank picked it up and moved
round to the front of Justin. He lifted up his head from the mud and stuffed
the thong into his mouth, Justin gagged but Hank prevented him from taking it
out. He forced his face back into the ground and ordered him to stay like he
was. Not even moving an inch.

&nbsp;

�Now you
can taste the smell of your own ass Justin, with that thong in your mouth�
shouted Hank slyly.

&nbsp;

The other
boys burst into laughter, like never before in there lives.

&nbsp;

It wasn�t
just that they were laughing at; it was Justin�s cock that got them really
going. His cock was about two inches long and his balls were the size of a
small child.� From the back of his ass
they could be seen by everyone on the field, waiting there to be punished.
Finally the spectacle was ready to take place, each boy lined up ready to have
a firm swipe at the young boy.

&nbsp;

�Now be as
ruthless as you like, I want the boy to suffer� said Hank

&nbsp;

Through
Justin�s unfortunate situation, some of the other boys had gotten a little turned
on; a few were already getting semi-lob ons. Knowing though that they would be
unable to fuck Justin they asserted there attention on his ass.

&nbsp;

First to go
in line was a well built boy called Ricky, he was the school�s rugby team
captain, and generally rugby guys were big. And with big guys usually came big
cocks; he would certainly enjoy fucking Justin in the future. He walked over to
the boys� ass and swung his Stick backwards. Much like the position a golf
player would be in just before striking the ball. 

&nbsp;

�Now this
is going to hurt like hell bitch, hope you like it� he said

&nbsp;

With that
he began raining down on the boys flesh, bearing into is ass with harsh
ruthless swings. One after the other he just kept going. He targeted first his
right buttock and then his left, he alternated between the two. Justin screamed
in pain, but because of the smelly thong in his mouth his screams were muffled.
After about eleven swings at his ass he retreated back to the other boys
marvelling at his attempts. Justin�s ass was already going a light shade of pink;
a distinct variation could be seen from the skin colour on his ass to that on
his legs and back. 

&nbsp;

Justin was
in excruciating pain, and that was only after the first boy, he had at least
another nine to go. Next in line was a short but stocky boy called Tim. He like
Ricky was going to give Justin a good whacking, but he had other ideas. He
approached Justin and started whacking into his tender flesh. Though it wasn�t
his buttocks he was going for, it was his cock and balls. He swung the stick as
hard as he could and beat Justin�s balls. Justin let out a louder scream than
last time, but yet again Hank�s devious thong stuffing plan paid off. Firm
whipping noises could be heard as his balls were battered to a pulp. Justin
thought as though he was going to die of pain, but eventually Tim stopped his
merciless attack. 

&nbsp;

�Ouch
that�s going to hurt in the morning� said one boy

&nbsp;

�Jesus
Lenny I think it will hurt more now than in the morning� another said

&nbsp;

The boys
and Hank chuckled with each other, Justin was crying, like a worthless
submissive bitch.

&nbsp;

Next to
step up was Bret, he wasn�t tall for his age, but by God could he swing a bat.
He was a junior champion boxer, and certainly knew how to beat some one dry. He
didn�t specify where he hit Justin he just saw the target and went for the
goal. He throttled his ass, balls and both buttocks at least twenty times. By
now Justin�s ass was going a deep shade of red. Through Bret�s harsh beatings
the blunt edges of His hockey stick had cut into Justin�s flesh cuts were
visible, and blood oozed from the openings. 

&nbsp;

Each boy
pretty much did the same continuing the beatings as harsh as they could making
sure the bitch suffered. Finally the last two to go were Josh and Lee each of
them deciding to go up as a pair, to give a double beating.

&nbsp;

�Hey,
double the beatings means double the pain� shouted lee, whilst the rest of the
group laughed.

&nbsp;

By now
Justin was in a bad state of affairs. His balls were swollen blue though his
cock seemed to have diminished in size. Either to the coldness of the weather,
or due to the beatings. They each stood at either side of Justin horizontally
Josh on the left, Lee on the right. They each held there sticks about an inch
from either buttock.

&nbsp;

�Justin this
is really going to hurt. 1, 2, 3� they both shouted.

&nbsp;

�Ahhhhhhh��Nooooooooo��.Please��Stop�
pleaded Justin

&nbsp;

To be
continued�����.

&nbsp;

��

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� �

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

� ��

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Albert luberschnifter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





