BDSM Library - Dodgemore boys school




Dodgemore boys school
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ahley was such a troubled teenager, being at dodgemore high certainly heightened this aspect. See how ashley gets used and abused by teachers and students alike







Ashley hated school, he hated the students there and he hated the
teachers

 
  Alex
   jim
  2
  152
  2006-12-19T23:10:00Z
  2006-12-19T23:10:00Z
  1
  1152
  6570
  54
  15
  7707
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Ashley
hated school, he hated the students there and he hated the teachers. Through
out his life he had felt victimised by people, singled as an out cast and
bullied by people for no apparent reason. Was it his complexity, was it his
attempt at wit with people, he just didn�t know. Smart he was tough no!
Strangely in this world people often had more respect for the bullies, with
there relentless fighting, verbal abuse and there dominance among others, they
seemed to be shown appreciation. Though this appreciation was from a younger generation,
adults with any sense see the light and proceed with there lives treating
people fairly. This was some what different though at Dodgemore high school,
Students and teachers alike. 

&nbsp;

Dodgemore
high was a very strict school plagued with rules of the highest order and the
up most respect for teachers. Various physical punishments were handed out to
students, if even stepping out of line the slightest. The school only employed
very ruthless teachers, and only male ones. Normally ex marines or army
officers that wanted to settle into a nice teaching job, after there service.
The school had a very strict code of policy which stated

&nbsp;

�Boys need
to be conditioned, and by any means, to ensure there productivity through out
life and ensure there respectfulness� to others�.

&nbsp;

The school
had been set up by ex marine corporal Stan Williams. He was a very harsh and
fierce character. Laying down the law was his main priority. After leaving the
marines he wanted to exceed his aspirations, and to do that he wanted to open
his own private sector school for boys. His large early retirement was enough
to get started and a small consortium of friends ensured the school had the
money in the long run. This was also supplemented by the main income of the
school. To send a child there between the ages of 13 and 16 cost �6000 a year.
With the bulk of students parents being wealthy conservative this was no
problem and soon Hank Williams had become very rich, and at the same time
fulfilling his life ambitions. His life was so perfect and this was heightened
by the physical abuse he branded out to naughty little boys. It turned him on
so much that this was some thing of an every day occurrence. 

&nbsp;

Ashley had
been at Dodgemore boarding school for 1 year now; he turned round in his bunk
after a sleepless, haunting night and woke up to another gruelling day. He
slept in a room with eight other boys the same age as him. He had a small
unfurnished bed and slept at the far side near the window. Often the howling
wind would creep through at night and disturb him but it had been like that for
a whole year now. 

&nbsp;

Most of the
boys in the room were fairly well developed for there age. The usual signs of
pubic hair, under arm hair and slight muscle growth were apparent. Though
Ashley had only really signs of a feeble sprouting of pubic hair and his cock
was really quite noticeably different to the other boys. He would often get teased
and abused by this when in the showers. He was called �pin dick� or the other
students would do hand gestures with there little figure, saying he had a small
cock. 

&nbsp;

Oh no! He
thought he looked at is clock it was inspection time in 1 minute. Inspection
time meant every morning before the showers each boy was supposed to get out of
bed and form a line with the other boys. With there hands by there sides in
complete silence. This order was implemented by Stan Williams, as a mark of
respect to the teacher on duty when first walking into the room. The boys would
stand there in there purposely tight skimpy under ware, issued by Dodgemore and
wait for instruction. 

&nbsp;

Some thing
was wrong though this morning. There was a peculiar smell about the room, and
then it dawned on him he had wet his own bed, and that only meant on thing,
punishment. The other boys in the room that had woken up began to get the scent
of the acrid urine and began to assess who the culprit was. Ashley tried to
hide his embarrassing patch of piss but it was too late.

&nbsp;

�Oh I
thought it would be you� skinner said �you disgusting filthy brat wait till I
tell the rest of the boys about this, they�ll have a right laugh at your
expense, and I am sure sir is going to absolutely punish you for this one. Why
oh why do you always get in trouble Higgins� 

&nbsp;

Ashley just
bowed his head and ushered a faint murmur at skinner. Skinner just gave him a
swift clip round the ear and retuned to get ready for inspection. The other
boys just watched with amusement as they contemplated Higgins�s punishment. It
was then that Sir walked into the room.

&nbsp;

Every boy
including Ashley stood in a straight line with there hands by there side,
keeping perfectly still for inspection. Mr Fawkes trudged into the room at a
moderate pace. He was wearing a pair of small training shorts and a sports
jacket zipped up to the top. His cock could be seen bobbing up and down in his
shorts, and underneath his balls swayed with his motion of walking. The
tightness of the shorts enticed the size of his cock and predominantly showed
the sheer size of it. He knew for very well that all the boys could see this,
and it was his mark of power. The message sent out through this body language
was 

&nbsp;

�Fuck with
me, and you�ll fuck with my cock�

&nbsp;

He
descended down the line making various negative remarks to the boys and how
they need to look sharper and more assertive. He inspected the various beds and
assured the boys that they were all in order. Ten he came to the last bed
Ashley�s. 

&nbsp;

�What�s
that poignant smell Higgins? Dear oh dear you�ve wet the bed you dirty little
twat. Some one of your age doing some thing like this is absurd, you should no
better, well answer me boy�

&nbsp;

�I�m sorry
sir it won�t happen again, please sir please, and ill wash the sheet rite now�

&nbsp;

A droplet
of tears ran down the front of Ashley�s face, and he went a deep red colour in
embarrassment. He began to shake with fear as he knew he was going to be
severely punished. Though this seemed like a very futile situation, a case like
this at Dogemore�s was surely going to be seen as a vast lack of disrespect,
and a hard punishment was going to be handed out.� �

&nbsp;

�Do you
have any respect for your sheets boy, surely not as your acrid urine is covered
in it. School policy 34, any vandalism to school property will receive
punishment level 6, and god help you it�s going to be bad. What should I do to
him boys?�

&nbsp;

�Full
school exhibition� one shouted �Whipping� another shouted 

&nbsp;

�No I�ve
got better idea boys� said sir

&nbsp;

With that
he grabbed Ashley by the neck and thrust him up to the wall. Ashley quivered
with fear as sir�s hand was ferociously hurting him. Sir�s cock was now
beginning to throb greatly under his shorts Ashley was in for a real hell of a
day. Sir then grabbed at his white pants and pulled them down below his knees.
Exposing his cock now to everyone, they began to laugh. With all the fear his
cock had shrivelled very small and his balls were now tight and tender. Sir
grabbed his balls and twisted them. Ashley screamed with pain, Sir told him to
shut the fuck up. He pulled him away from the wall and proceeded to walk out of
the room with his hand grasping tightly around Ashley neck. The rest of the
boys followed. 

&nbsp;

Ashley was
now naked and extremely humiliated. The 7 remaining boys followed with the
anticipation of a great humiliating spectacle awaiting them. Ashley just tried to
believe he was some where else but he couldn�t. Sir began to slap his ass with
short firm hard slaps. He tried to move but his arms were held town by two of
the other boys on either side.

&nbsp;

He was
marched into the main court yard, were boys would often congregate at break or
lunch.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� ���

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Albert luberschnifter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





