BDSM Library - Just one hour -story 2- my wifes best friend




Just one hour -story 2- my wifes best friend
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Stacey is my wife�s achingly fuckable best friend. She always has everything so easy and is one of those girls who just breezes through life. She is sickeningly cute and ever so goody-goody.So cosseted in her own little world she would not be able to imagine the contents of the story below, let alone thinking it could ever happen to her. With her Barbie type frame with ultra slim waist and golden flowing hair she is an ever so a modern day �Bewitched-Samantha housewife� and would be no match for these two denizens and the games they plan to play with her. Here�s my wedding present to you sweetheart.







Stacey is my wife's achingly fuckable best friend

 
  Admin
   jim
  2
  6
  2007-01-02T20:40:00Z
  2007-01-02T20:40:00Z
  1
  9099
  51865
  432
  121
  60843
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Stacey
is my wife's achingly fuckable best friend. She always has everything so easy
and is one of those girls who just breezes through life. She is sickeningly
cute and ever so goody-goody.

So cosseted in her own little world she would not be able to imagine the
contents of the story below, let alone thinking it could ever happen to her.
With her Barbie type frame with ultra slim waist and golden flowing hair she is
an ever so a modern day &quot;bewitched-Samantha housewife&quot; and would be
no match for these two denizens and the games they plan to play with her.


*

Stacey rather sheepishly welcomed the large man into her house. She couldn't
explain why she'd been so compliant; maybe it was something about his mature
powerful frame that unnerved her. He'd been polite asking if her husband was
in; saying he was expected. She had looked quizzical at him. Her husband didn't
know any black guys; in fact both of them didn't really like his type. But that
would be how Stacey would word it, other might say they were just down right
racist. 

The Boss eased past her, his body enormous compared to her slim 5'5 frame. He'd
seen photographs of her before today so his eyes didn't linger embarrassingly;
he already studied her at his leisure. 

Today as of most times she was dressed in a tight white T-shirt and white
tennis skirt. Stacey was slim with large hips and pear shaped ass. She dressed
taking advantage of her assets. Small breasted she had long shapely legs today
in a pair of white matching training shoes. Her skin was always tanned her neck
and face freckled, eyes grey and nose upturned; with tied back long dirty
blonde hair. This had streaks of black roots showing through her peroxide
locks.

Her husband was watching the TV with a beer and his face turned like ash as the
black dude entered dressed in his long trench coat. Stacey realized it must be
in the mid eighties outside and wondered why he would wear such a thing. The
man sat down taking a full settee almost to himself. The waif beauty offered
him a drink her eyes showing confusion and a little nervousness. 

The Boss man knew the routine; he'd have to explain, as normal the husbands
always just sat there like rabbits in the headlights looking dumb.

&quot;Have a seat young lady,&quot; the Boss said in a deep southern drawl. 

Stacey looked at her frozen husband as if for guidance. He remained silent,
eyes lowered a little from her questioning stare.

&quot;Did you know your husband had a gambling problem?&quot; The Boss
announced unexpectedly patting the arm rest next to him coaxing her to sit.

Stacey felt herself growing in anger as she sat knees together, prim, balanced
on the edge of the soft chair listening. She was turning red with frustration
as she was told how her precious husband had run up an enormous tag at a back
street gambling den which the Boss owned. Stacey's husband mumbled and
spluttered an excuse why he hadn't been round to settle it, adding he'd get it
soon. Stacey's eyes widened in disbelief, he'd just said 4000 bucks. The Boss
caught her eye and instantly he knew they didn't have anything near that amount
available.

The man began to stutter some proposal but the Boss just raised his hand to
quiet him.

&quot;I already know you can't pay for fucks sake. No one holds out on me
unless they have no other choice.&quot;

Stacey had been furious; now she felt her stomach go in knots. &quot;What's
going to happen to him?&quot; She said nervously.

The Boss shifted with menace his coat creaking as the leather moved.
&quot;Listen honey unless he pays up it's what's going to happen to both of
you.&quot; 

She gave a whine her face shocked. &quot;But, but...&quot; The Boss stood up
aggressively.

&quot;Listen you fucks; I already know what I want in payment and if I don't
get it right now I'll have my crew burn you're fucking house down with you both
in it!&quot;

&quot;Calm down, calm down!&quot; The couple cried
both trying to stand. 

&quot;Sit the fuck down.&quot; He hissed. Both dropped to their seats like
scolded dogs.

He took his coat off to show his large T-shirt chest, a pot belly growing above
his waist band. He had a video in his pocket. 

&quot;Fucking put this on.&quot; He ordered to her husband. &quot;And you
miss,&quot; he snapped looking at Stacey,&quot;sit down next to me.&quot;

Stacey edged down against his thigh as he sat there legs open taking virtually
all the settee. Once the video began to pay he told her husband to sit back in
his drinking seat. The screen was just an electric snow storm which then turned
to black and finally a brightly colored movie began to play. 

Stacey looked at her husband still totally confused with what was happening.
Then she put her hand over her mouth, it was some kind of porno! She never
watched anything like this; in fact her husband told her he also never did;
which stupidly and innocently she believed.

The Boss spoke gently to her. &quot;All I want is one hour with you honey. Pay
off all the debt.&quot;

She looked at the video then back at him head cocked to one side not really
understanding.

&quot;But I...?&quot; He shook his head. &quot;Oh for fucks sake how much of a
fucking air head are you? I want to fuck your brains out!&quot; 

She gasped, her mouth open invitingly, eyes wide in horror. Her husband
instantly began making protests. Seeing the final understanding in her eyes the
Boss continued. 

&quot;Yeah that's right honey, I don't need the fucking money and you need a
solution right this minute.&quot;

Stacey was shaking her head, talking in a high indignant voice. She wouldn't,
couldn't; &quot;who the hell did he think he wa...&quot; 

The Boss pointed a finger to her shaking hubby. &quot;Ask
him he'll tell you.&quot; Stacey turned for reassurance but her worm of a man
just shook his head. 

&quot;We haven't got any choice sweetie.&quot; 

Stacey gasped in disbelief. &quot;We?&quot; She
shouted in anger.

The Boss turned the sound up on the video by remote as he leaned back. 

&quot;Good I take it that's a deal then.&quot; And pointing to her bloke he snapped.
&quot;Now fucking sit there for ten minutes then I
want you to fuck off and don't come back till four, is that clear?&quot; 

Stacey looked again at her husband and groaned as he obediently nodded
shrinking in his chair.

&quot;Now you fucking bimbo, &quot;he growled, &quot;open my zipper, take out
my cock and let's watch a movie together.&quot; 

Stacey s hand moved across to his zipper. What could she do? The man was big
and powerful and her husband didn't look like he intended to fight. Was this
man as evil as he acted? She saw her husbands' terrified face. Oh God there was
no choice but to get on with it. 

Her perfect nailed fingers open the fly and gently reached in. She gave a
little moan of despair as her hand gripped his black slug the meaty length
popping upright out of his pants, her very golden skin shinning around the dark
baggy foreskin and purple head.

The Boss gave a satisfied groan telling her to gently wank his flesh.

&quot;Watch the fucking movie while you do it honey get a real good look at
what we could get up to!&quot;

On the screen a sultry Latino was been spanked by four men. Each was in turn
fingering her ass, forcing her to suck him. The Boss's hand curled around
Stacey's tight waist to touch the top of her ample butt. 

&quot;Hmmm good girl use your thumb over my open slit.&quot;

Stacey circled his spunk eye the head rough to the touch and suddenly felt
precome begin to make the flesh slippery. She gave a small gasp of panic.

&quot;Hmm you're getting me real hot.&quot; He announced as his eyes delighted
in the video.

On the video the men were fisting the bitch, one of them with three fingers up
her ass. The Boss told Stacey to get on her knees in front of him. She sat
there trembling, her hand still slowly tugging eyes welling up. Her husband was
shaking, the loud moaning from the TV distracting but the sight of his wife on
her knees a big black cock in front of her kept his attention.

The Boss gave him an instruction. &quot;Get your cock out.&quot; 

He refused his face one of panic only for the Boss to growl again.&quot; Do
it!&quot; 

He fumbled with his pants and his dick pink and stiff sprang upright the video
obviously turning him on. 

&quot;Start wanking yourself,&quot; the black thug ordered. He then looked down
at Stacey, &quot;and you get that pretty mouth of yours around my fat weeping
end.&quot;

Stacey's husband took his cock red faced into his own hand and began to tug the
foreskin. He could see his delicate wife knelt between the black guys legs. She
had one long nailed hand on his knee the other making a small fist around his
iron rod. She was in silhouette and her upturned nose and cute lips came ever
closer to the bulging purple helmet. The blood was rushing up his pipes as his
own rod become achingly hard. The hardcore movie was still playing; now a
barely legal teen in some four way gangbang.

&quot;Come on honey time to give your husband a show.&quot; And with that the
Boss's hand cupped the blonde housewife's head and pulled her mouth onto him. 

&quot;Mmmmm slurp, slurp!&quot; 

Stacey closed her eyes imagining it was her husband's member; but realized that
would be impossible. The thing was fatter the foreskin loose and as she
stretched her lips the purple head rubbed up into the roof of her mouth. She
could hear the groans of the Boss and the fleshy flaps of her husband's cock
skin as he jerked near by.

The Boss raised his hips forcing more cock in, Stacey starting to gag her hands
pushing his pelvis back. He groaned. &quot;Take it all the way down
bitch.&quot; 

He turned to her hopeless partner.&quot; Keep jerking that cock boy, or I'll
fucking choke her with this.&quot; And if to demonstrate he gripped her head
firmly and pinching her nose pushed deeper. Stacey bucked the head on her
tonsils the thing filling her throat. 

&quot;Gggghhh cough! Splutter! Ugggggg!&quot; The
despairing man increased his rhythm fearing his wife might pass out.

The black thug was in total control and he grunted with satisfaction seeing
Stacey watch her husband out of the corner of her eye. &quot;He's getting real
hard baby.&quot; He announced with glee. &quot;He likes the sight of you
swallowing a fucking hard black cock. Shall I tell him what's in store for his
naughty little whore?&quot; 

Stacey didn't acknowledge him her eyes down mouth muscles struggling.

&quot;A cute little bitch like you needs a real good ploughing, and you're
going to get it.&quot; 

She whined in response, mouth full of flesh.

The Boss admired her swan like neck accentuated by the tightly stretched back
dirty blonde hair; the pony tail hanging down to her shoulder blades. He could
see himself bulging in her cheek his end warm with spittle and young woman's
gasping breath.

&quot;You're going be a good girl for me Stacey,&quot; he said sweetly.&quot;
Just an hour of your time honey, that's all I want.&quot; She whined again
through her cute nose, mouth foaming a little around his cock.

Her husband felt his body starting to tense his hand a little numb with the
thorough wanking. The Boss raised himself off the settee to start to thrust in
and out of her mouth. 

&quot;Suck it, suck it you white bitch yeah,&quot; he grunted as Stacey's
cheeks puffed and clenched, her mouth gripping his oily foreskin like a vice.

&quot;Ug, ug, ug lets see you come boy!&quot; He growled, looking back to her
husband, who could feel himself reaching a peak. 

His desperate wife was wresting to hold down the bucking black pelvis eyes wide
in horror, the cock rampant in her mouth her teeth twanging the underside of
his helmet. She managed to pull her head back crying out in despair. &quot;Oh god uuhh oh, oh!&quot; The Boss pointed to her
partner.

&quot;Oh yes baby look, look he's coming. Watch it you fucking slut!&quot; 

Stacey moaned as her face still full of cheek puffing cock was twisted to see.
Her man was heaving in his chair his fist red with effort. The boss's cock
sprang from her disbelieving mouth spittle training in a spider strand.

&quot;Ugggggggggggggggg!!&quot; 

Her husbands tip erupted spunk, up and out, two, three jerks his fingers
covered, the wads stink instantly filling the room.

&quot;Uuggggggggg!&quot; 

He bucked with involuntary delight as Stacey's watched hand over her mouth in
disbelief; until finally he collapsed with a long pitiful moan. &quot;Noooooooooo!&quot;

The Boss pulled the sobbing Stacey back towards his cock. He gripped the hot
shaft wiping it across her cheeks. Looking at the spent man nearby he narrowed his eyes.

&quot;Now you take a hike mister. I don't want you back before four, and don't fucking get any stupid ideas about the cops. Your
little Stacey's going to get her brains fucked out, I can easily arrange blown
out too.&quot; 

Her husband nodded zipping his pants. &quot;I, I, I...&quot; he mumbled
reaching the hall. 

His wife glared back in total disgust.

&quot;Just get the fuck out!&quot; She said shaking her head in utter contempt.
And with that he left slamming the door behind him.

She felt the Boss pull her face forward and she opened her mouth to allow his
now well inspected tip back down her throat. He turned off the groaning video
allowing her obedient sucks and slurps to fill the room. Suddenly she thought
she heard a noise behind her. 

The kitchen door! 

She pulled back in horror the man's dick bouncing up into her cheekbones across
her nose. She had panic on her face again, she was sat between a fat guys
thighs his cock near to erupting. &quot;Oh no there's someone...&quot; She
gulped in embarrassment. 

&quot;Relax,&quot; the Boss said clenching his teeth from the uncomfortable
ejection. &quot;He's with me!&quot; And with that she heard an Asian voice over
her shoulder. 

&quot;Ah yes she's as lovely as you described!&quot;

Now she remembered. She had seen another figure sat in the driver seat of the
Black mans park car. She'd completely forgot about
him. She looked slowly over her shoulder at the new visitor. 

&quot;Oh Jesus!&quot; She squealed. &quot;Oh
no, no ohhhhh!&quot; 

In the door way was a shirtless hairy Asian man his jogging pants loose, feet
bare. He had a black bag in his strong dark arms his stance like some action
figure, legs apart, arms curled wrestler style, hands as fists. His head was
covered with a bizarre leather mask, an open zipper for a mouth, the material
black leather.

&quot;This is my associate,&quot; the Boss announced holding his dick and balls
to keep them fully aroused. &quot;You can call him Mask; and honey you better
be good cos he's not as nice as me.&quot;

Up until now Stacey had felt unsure and a bit scared. She had hoped that this
man would have just had his fun and left. The Boss although menacing had been
almost affectionately polite to her; and though a lot older he had a certain
animal charm. Even after he'd called her a bitch and been so arrogant she had
rationalized it all until it virtually made sense. It had to be done for the
house, for her lifestyle and well even for her useless husband. 

But now her gut twisted, and her chest rose in a slow pant. Some of her tied
back hair had escaped and now hung in strands across her freckled nose and high
cheek boned features.

&quot;Oh God, two... err, I...&quot; She stammered as the Asian man neared her.

The Mask dropped his bag and gripped her slender wrist. 

&quot;On your feet you sexy little tart,&quot; he growled.

His other hand rubbed across her t-shirt chest squeezing through the material.
Stacey grunted and then half yelped as his hand shot under her short skirt to
goose her ass. She made a pathetic attempt at a struggle looking back at the
Boss; her eyes disbelieving; as the Mask examined her like a piece of meat.
First her ass, then her tanned thighs were stroked. 

He gripped one small tits making her back arch, then caressed her swan neck his
finger pushing up to her hot wet mouth. All the time he was grunting in
approval. 

&quot;Hmm, yes, hmm, good, good ahhh,&quot; he said in examination until he
finally gave a non negotiable order. 

&quot;Fucking lay on the kitchen table while we get a good look at you.&quot;

Stacey whimpered a little and again looked back at the Boss. He was beginning
to stand pointing in that direction. She almost jumped out of her skin as the
Mask suddenly hooked his finger inside her tiny briefs ripping them from under
her skirt. &quot;We won't need them!&quot; He mumbled to himself. 

Then he suddenly had a worrying thought. &quot;My
timer!&quot; He said, panicking.

The Boss frowned pointing to the chiming clock on the wall. 

&quot;It's three now, we won't be disturbed till four. You don't fucking need
your timer!&quot; 

The Boss shook his head; his friend was one crazy fuck. But he didn't know
anyone else as willing as him. &quot;Shit.&quot; He just had a thought. Had he
just got out of the car dressed like that, mask and all? The Boss didn't have
time to ask before Stacey decided to struggle for real.

Both men instantly grabbed her arms, the Bosses cock nudging the small of her
back the Mask hooking under her knees to lift her onto the pine table. She
whined and grunted neither man raising their voice, both in control; practiced.
She was flat on her back the hard surface making her chest thrust up, her
plimsoll rubber screeching on the surface. 

Her shoulders were pulled to the table edge so her neck and head dangled over
the side. In this position she was unable to resist for long before her head
tired and fell back. The Boss was holding her shoulders down allowing her hands
to grasp the table sides. His cock was above her stretched neck and chin and he
angled it down horizontal. It came to her lips and she had little choice but
begin blowing the old black fuck. But this time her nostril pointing up into
his fats balls, his cock sliding straight deep into her upside down mouth and
throat. 

&quot;Mggggggggg!&quot;

The Mask was now between her feet, the shoes and claves dangling over the
opposite table edge to her neck. She felt her thighs been spread by cold hands
and she wriggled. The Boss grunted as she shifted, his cock slowing servicing
her mouth. 

&quot;Uggg stay still, your not getting up till I let you. Just lay back and
take me baby.&quot;

She felt the suns rays from the wide window on her arm. &quot;Oh
God!&quot; She thought in an embarrassed
horror. What if the neighbours come round? Oh no, what if her
parents did?&quot; 

She bucked as his cock slid deeper than he had gone previously. She gargled,
the spittle dripping down her face over her nose collecting on her forehead.

The Boss admired her twitching throat and felt her spasm as his head pushed
just a little too deep. 

&quot;Uggg yeah take it yeah!&quot; 

The Asian man was now up between her legs his hands struggling to force her
thighs fully apart. Finally her legs were pinned down, knees wide apart the
skirt stretched up to her tiny waist; and the Boss could see her almost
hairless blonde pussy for the first time. The Mask moved two fingers to her
slit and pressing down parting her flesh the pink clitoral region glistening in
the daylight.

Now she was fully under control, taking his cock obediently the Boss felt he
would explain more to her.

&quot;Did you think I'd just settle for a suck and fuck?&quot; He asked knowing
she couldn't answer. 

&quot;4000 bucks! You sure have got a high opinion of yourself honey.&quot; 

He paused to grit his teeth Stacey's hot tongue and gums sending a shiver from
his cock tip to his tightening balls. 

&quot;No sir ugh,&quot; he paused again in arousing sensation. &quot;We're
going do some pretty dirty things to you honey for that kind of money, and do
you know what?&quot;

Once again she couldn't answer the cock now making her jaw ache with the
effort, the blood rushing to her upside down head. &quot;You're going have to
let us.&quot; 

He slowly increased his thrusts.

Stacey felt the wet touch of the Asians tongue as he began to lick and probe
her young slit. 

&quot;Hmm good girl keep those legs real wide for him.&quot; The boss ordered.
&quot;He's wants to get his tongue up inside you and give you a fine cleaning
out.&quot;

Stacey shuddered, the cock now becoming almost too much, the tongue in her hole
indeed going deeper and deeper his finger prizing her pussy flesh apart. Her
bud felt the flick of his tongues rough surface and then his lips nipped. She
gargled, one hand reaching down to hopelessly push his head back the other
reaching up to grip the black mans shaft trying to control its entry.

&nbsp;

The
Boss groaned as her tiny hand gripped him. His hands reach onto her t-shirt
mounds squeezing the flesh and nipples through the material. Stacey in turn
gripped his cock harder as he rhythmical pumped. His friend bit and licked her
exposed pussy and she bucked as his tongue touched a nerve bundle. 

&quot;Oh fuck!&quot; The Boss thought to himself, the filthy scene becoming too
much to bear, &quot;I not going last much longer.&quot;

The Boss pulled the wet tip of his cock from her mouth; Stacey instantly
gasping for breath. The Mask also lifted his head away from her tasty slit his
hand wiping across his zippered mouth hole, spittle shinning on the black
leather chin. 

Stacey was able to pull herself upright surprised he hadn't come, though
greatly relieved. The Mask still lightly had hold of her, his hand around her
thin upper arm himself a little surprised by the big guy's actions. The slim
blonde curled her legs to her side, shoes and top still on; but her panties now
missing. The Boss was silent just breathing heavily and he pointed for Stacey
to move to the edge of the table. The Asian man understood immediately and
roughly pushed her until Stacey's butt rested on the overhanging edge.

He immediately and roughly pushed her until Stacey's butt rested on the
overhanging edge.

She felt like a total whore, the black man opening her long legs pushing his
waist between them, his cock waving the purple head drooling.

&quot;Uhh, oh, oh&quot; Stacey moaned realizing both men were positioning her
for a fucking. 

The Mask forced her forward so she half sat on the table edge looking down
between her stretched thighs. The Boss's cock appeared very long. It also
looked painfully erect, the head tugged slightly to one side by the over
stretched foreskin. 

The Boss knew he would come buckets and he enjoyed seeing their faces when his
rod finally started hosing up inside them. Only last week he'd noticed a couple
in the high street that he had rented a place to months back. The cute brunette
had a fat pregnant belly and he'd thought of when he had fucked the squealing
girl in front of her boyfriend until he had completely filled her. Like Stacey
and her man they'd been desperate to repay a debt owning. There had been
rumours it wasn't her boyfriend child and the Boss had wondered what chance it
was his. 

Now he hoped to repeat the trick with this tanned innocent wench.

&quot;Yeah that's its Stacey open them legs real wide. Ugh yeah just a
little...&quot;

&quot;Ughhhhhhh!&quot; 

The Mask pushed her head forward. &quot;Look down bitch, watch it go in.&quot;
The tip was opening her lips the black cock looking huge against her white
skin.

&quot;Oh, oh, ohhhhhh, &quot;she grunted then squealed The cock head popped
into her, pussy lips gripping sucking it inside.
&quot;Ooooooooooo!&quot;

The Boss pushed his hips forward and his cock was buried up her to the hilt in
moments. 

&quot;Ugh yeahhhhh ah, ah, ah!&quot;

Stacey's butt was bounced up and down off the table as he began to fuck hard
and purposefully. The rigid pole hurt as he forcefully rammed up her.

&quot;Ugh, oh shit, aww, aww ugh, ugh, uggh, eieeeehhhhhh!&quot; 

She squealed loudly her head flinging back her small hands gripping his
shoulders to steady herself. 

The Boss was pounding back and forth no time for subtlety wanting to pump his
thick wad deep inside her. 

&quot;I'm Going to fill you bitch, Ughh! Yeah oh man uggh, ugh uggggggh!&quot;

Stacey's small frame was shaking as she grunted and gasped; each thrust making
her nip her lip in discomfort and sensation. His cock end was nudging against
her cervix and she gave an eye popping expression as her dead end was battered
with his thick ram. 

&quot;Uhhhhhhh!&quot; 

His massive chest almost filled her line of vision and she couldn't help but
keep glancing down at the shinny dark skin slipping in and out of her.

&quot;Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!&quot;

Her flesh slapped against his pelvis the sloppy noise of constant penetration
filling the air mixed with his and her grunts. Her pussy was burning the end
thumping hard against her deepest end. Her legs were aching so was her back,
the masked man still pushing her into the sitting position making her have to
grip under her own knees to keep her thighs apart. Only a few hours ago she
would have never imagined such humiliation; here on her kitchen table her pussy
squelching to a horrid dark mans cock. 

His face was twisted and she knew he was about
to...&quot;Ooooooooohhhhhh!&quot; 

She gave a cock stiffening squeal as his big tip erupted. The
mans dick felt like its head had exploded inside her. Her pussy was
awash with his come and she felt him ramming the filth into her cervix
entrance.

He growled triumphantly as his meat bucked and spat. Two, three, then more
shots her pussy instantly becoming as slippery as if he was fucking warm jam.
His cock slopped from her hole almost without him needing to withdraw; the end
trailing a long strand of thick semen. 

Stacey gave a groan of dismay as her lips closed the goo still attached like an
umbilical cord to his cock; until finally it snapped and dripped to the floor.

&quot;Oh God! Nooooooooo!&quot;
She whined as if she expected her fucking to have finished in a much more
sanitized way.

He stood back winding his tired monster back into his pants. &quot;Oh man! I
needed to do that!&quot; He groaned as if in explanation to his masked friend. 

Stacey finally closed her legs and looked over her shoulder. &quot;Is...is... it you're turn now?&quot; She asked her eyes pleading
for mercy. 

The Mask nodded and spoke. &quot;Yes it is young lady and you better do
everything I say. Do you understand?&quot; Stacey nodded looking worriedly back
to the Boss.

The Asian man then climbed off the table for his bag of tricks. He produced
some rope manacles, which he gave to the Boss. The black guy helped Stacey from
the table ripping her t-shirt from her then her skirt till she stood there
naked and embarrassed. She was now totally naked in her daytime kitchen. As he
pulled her arms behind her he spoke. 

&quot;Once I've tied your wrists get on your knees.&quot; Stacey did so the
cold tiled floor as uncomfortable as where she had just been pinned.

She started to moan and shake as the Mask produce long lengths of rubber tube
from the bag. Some of it appeared to have valves; other bits appeared to be
inflatable.

&quot;What's going on?&quot; She stammered her blonde locks still tightly held
in a pony tail her ample butt glowing against the dark floor tiles. 

The Boss pushed her neck down so her cheek rested on the cold floor tiles, her ass
rising as she knelt. &quot;Oh Stacey let me show you!&quot; Was the sinister
reply from the leather-clad man as he knelt behind her.

The Mask took a long deep suck of his fat forefinger while his other hand
spread Stacey's butt cheeks. The Boss had her pinned head on the floor as she
wiggled and whined. 

&quot;Uh what, you're hurting me... ugh.&quot; Suddenly her eyes widened and
she gave a scream as the masked man pressed on her shitter with the tip of his
wet forefinger.

&quot;Uhh, ugggh oh, oooooowwwwwwww!&quot; 

He slid the wet digit into her ass hole the spittle lubricating the entry only
slightly.

&quot;Ooooooohh, awwwwwwww no, no you c... ahhhhhhh!&quot;


His finger bent inside her as he pushed until his clenched fist slapped against
her puckered cheeks. &quot;Ugghhhhhh!&quot;

The Boss laughed looking down into her eyes, his hand still around her long
neck pressing her down. She squealed as the Mask energetically pumped his
finger in and out of her sore butt, spitting onto his emerging digit to make
the experience only slightly less sore for the horrified wife. He grunted in
satisfaction twisting his finger to widen her canal gloating as he did. &quot;So tight, yeah uh real tight. That's it baby
squeal.&quot; 

He increased his jabbing along with an increase in Stacey's bucking and
whining. 

&quot;Uh, uh, hmmm yeah can you feel it? Can you? All the way
in like a dirty little worm.&quot; 

His finger writhed around pressing on her sphincter trying to weaken her tiny
little chute.

She gave a gasp of relief as his finger finally pulled out, her ass now red
with embarrassment. The man was now fiddling with attachment nearby but she
couldn't see what. The Boss smiled at her as he watched the view she was unable
to see. 

The Mask had the strange rubber tube device in his hand. It was like a hard
rubber golf ball with two tubes running through its middle. On one side they
protruded maybe half and inch on the other they snake down into two long rubber
pipes. One of these he had attached to the sink faucet head, the other had a
valve half way down to pinch it close. That end just hung loose to the floor.

The Mask was smearing the rubber golf ball with KY jelly as the Boss pressed
his finger into Stacey's hot ass hole to get a good
inspection himself. 

&quot;Awwwwwww, oh stop not agai... aggg!&quot; 

The black mans finger thrust inside her and he too gave her a flurry of burning
thrusts. 

&quot;Hmmmm yeah that is tight, uh, that'll do just fine.&quot; She was able
glance over her shoulder now and she was speechless with horror.

The Mask was bending down pressing the tube ends and the greased ball against
her hole. She squealed as he pushed hard her muscles not wanting to part; then
like she was doing a huge dump she gave way the ball end popping inside. She
grunted as her ass rim snapped back closed with a desperate grip around the two
exiting pipes. The ball was now trapped inside her anal canal, and as her
muscles tried to push it out, her sphincter remained firmly shut forming an air
tight plug inside her.

Stacey's mind was in overload,&quot; what were they trying to doooooooo!&quot;

The Boss turned the faucet and the tube filled with warm water racing along up
to the point where it disappeared inside her ass then...

&quot;Uggh oh, god ugh, ugh no, no, no!!&quot; 

Her butt void began to fill with the rushing warm water. Once inside it had no
where to go the exit tube had a valve sealing its escape. It could only go
deeper and push her flesh wider as her rectum began to accommodate the fluid. 

&quot;Oooooohugggh, ugggggh!&quot; Stacey squealed her
eyes wide in panic and disbelief. Her gut was been filled and it was so
uncomfortable. &quot;Uggggg, no, no more stop, stop!&quot;

The Men were watching intently the tap faucet not fully open just enough for a
steady warm flow. 

&quot;Take slow deep breaths&quot; Coached the Mask as he examined her butt
crack, not a dribble of fluid escaping. 

&quot;AGGGGG, no more uggggh!&quot; 

She cried desperately writhing on her knees. The hiss of water changed as the
faucet began to struggle to pump anymore into her.

&quot;Aggggggggg!&quot; 

Stacey was feeling sick her gut bubbling the water so far inside her that progress
was getting difficult. The Boss turned off the supply. &quot;That's enough I
think!&quot; He said knowingly realizing her screams were turning from
indignity to outright pain.

The two men groped her ass and pussy. Her groin was swollen and her butt cheeks
appeared puffed out as her inside struggled to stretch for the watery void. She
was moaning her arms aching still bound behind her. She rested her face on the
tile keeping her ass high which seemed to relieve some of the discomfort.

The Mask knelt beside her face, pulling down his jogging bottom his cock
standing up to attention. He admired his captive. She was slight of frame her
waist so small, out to a well curved hips and that fantastic spankable ass. 

The two red rubber tubes looked bizarre sprouting from her crack like storks of
a buried plant. Her long knelling legs tapered to thin elegant calves and her
ponytail head looked up the high cheekbones and pouting thick lips sending a
surge of lust through his cock. He groaned in satisfaction; knowing how much
water she was now reluctantly containing inside her tight hot ass.

The masked man wasted no more time. He straddled her upturned butt his hands
gripping under her groin to widen her thighs. His cock was at her pussy its
head rubbing her slit. Her insides would be cramped due to the expanded anal
cavity, he knew it would be an &quot;oh so tight fuck.&quot; As the Boss egged
him on he pushed inside her pussy; and she squealed much to his delight.

&quot;Agggggg, God, shit uh uhhhhhhh!&quot; 

Her pussy would hardly open the walls pressed closed. 

&quot;Agggggg!&quot; 

His cock was in and sliding up her. Her tummy gurgled as fluid adjusted in her
belly and ass. 

&quot;Ooooooooo, nnnnnnnnnn!&quot; 

He reached as far as he could go his waist slapping against the sprouting ass. 

Then he began to pump!

She though she would throw up her insides flexing and gurgling the thrusting
not only burning her pussy but massaging her bloated ass. &quot;Uh, ug, ug oh,
oh, oh shittttt!&quot; She gasped feeling the man's hard rod burrowing up her
artificially tight hole.

The Mask was loving it. From his doggie position he could see her shoulders and
hips quivering. Each fleshy slap of his groin onto her butt made her squeal.
And he knew it wasn't just because his wet head rubbed deep inside; each thrust
made her tight sphincter flex with the internal pressure and almost spit the
big rubber cork from her.

The Boss turned the faucet again and she screamed as more water tried to fill
her. A second later the Mask unclipped the valve on the exit pipe and she felt
her muscled begin to squeeze water down the tube out onto the floor. 

&quot;Uggggggggg!&quot; She grunted in disgust.

The tiles began to pool with dirty water, but the faucet still ran slowly
meaning a continuous current of warm water now rinsed her pounded gut before
been emptied onto her kitchen floor. The Mask gripped her waist and fucked
harder. Each forward thrust made the exit tube bulge and pump with a momentary
increase in water pressure.

Whoosh!

Whoosh! 

&quot;Ug, ug God ugh stop, stop ugggggg!&quot; Stacey was been rinsed
thoroughly each thrust making her squeal with humiliation and discomfort.

The Mask pulled his cock with some difficulty from her twat. The hole
gratefully clamping shut. The two pipes were clipped close again her inside
still bloated with fluid and the faucet attachment was removed. The Mask waved
his cock over her face as the Boss gripped her shoulders lifting her so she
could suck. 

The men spoke together. &quot;Is it too much? You need to go don't you? You
need to shit honey, yeah? Empty that cute ass of yours?&quot; 

Stacey only half acknowledged them the gurgling water feeling like it was
slowly been absorbed into her body. The Mask thrust his cock in her mouth his
hand jacking hard on his saggy foreskin length. 

&quot;Yeah, yeah, yeah!&quot;

The Boss squeezed her butt and she gave a startled expression and gargled in
protest. The Masks cock was filling her gums, pushing against her cheek walls
making them bulge. As he fucked her pretty mouth he explained. Once he had shot
his load into her throat they would let her go to the john. The clock said
almost 3:25 pm.

Stacey needed to go so much, she double her efforts her hot mouth sucking for
dear life.

She felt the hot semen hit the back of her throat, the spurts emptying copious
amount of white filth down her gullet. She gulped and coughed tasting the hot
Asian load, the fluid smearing her pearl white teeth a trail coming from her
wide lips as he withdrew in total satisfaction. &quot;Yeahhhhhhhh!&quot;

The Boss gripped her ponytail unfastening the tie so her blonde mane hung free.
He pulled her up by it as she yelped her bound hands making it difficult to get
to her feet.

The spunk was dripping from her chin onto her freckled chest, her eyes watery
and pathetic.

&quot;Get up stairs,&quot; he ordered. 

The Mask pushed her along as the Boss followed with the bag of tricks. She
walked bow legged her ass swollen and unwieldy. The tubes hung down and as she
began to climb the stairs the Asian slapped her butt getting a panicking yelp
from Stacey. She felt the pressure on her hole even more now that she was
standing and feared the rubber plug would just explode any moment from her ass.

Half way up the stairs the Mask gripped her shoulders. &quot;Just here honey
this'll do.&quot; 

She looked confused then felt the two pipes been tugged. The Boss was pulling
them taut the rubber plug under pressure to eject.

&quot;Aw oh God no, not here, no please let me ug, ugggg, uggggg!&quot; 

The Asian held her firmly laughing the Boss straining to pull. &quot;No do your
toilet here.&quot;

&quot;Uggggg oh no, no, no!&quot; The ball was appearing spreading her ass hole
wide the pink skin shinny and sore.

&quot;Awwwwww shit, shit, please not on the... ugggggghhhhhh!&quot; The thing
was almost out any seco...

&quot;Aww whosssssshhhhhhh!&quot; 

The plug had finally spewed from her ring the water farting out in one torrential
ass belch. &quot;PhugggggggttTTTTT!&quot;

Stacey ass released her load in a wailing continuous shit. Her sphincter
coughed and spluttered the dirty fluid over the stairs, and down her calves.
The revolting sound of escaping air and fluid made her almost retch; the two
men cussing as the filthy spray spattered them too. 

&quot;Uggh you dirty fucking bitch. You just fucking shit all over us.&quot;
They taunted, as Stacey sobbed in horror.

They left the soaking stairs and discarded ass tubes behind as they reached her
cute homely bathroom too late for poor Stacey. The room was white tiled with a
shower cubicle and ornate free standing bath. The Boss rummaged in the cupboard
as his friend rinsed the poor girl down in the cubicle. The black man found
what he wanted. He produced a bottle of baby oil.

&quot;Do you smear you're mans cock with this,&quot; he asked
insultingly.&quot; I bet you do honey, give him a slippery hurried wank?&quot; 

Stacey glared back. &quot;You're both fucking filthy sad bastards.&quot; She
shouted over the hiss of the cleansing shower.

The men pulled her out, and the Boss towered over her menacingly. &quot;Listen,
you fucking bitch how would you like to go through that again? Except this time
we'll force the exit tube down your fucking throat. How would you like to shit
into your own mouth?&quot; 

Stacey was speechless her body slumping at the shoulders her knees nearly
giving way. The image in her head was obscene.

The Boss continued. &quot;We need a little time to get hard again for you; so
until then we'll just have to amuse ourselves with a few little toys.&quot; 

The Asian unbound her hands and she looked like she might run. &quot;Don't be a
fucking fool;&quot; he hissed in her ear. &quot;Get in that bath tub and start
oiling yourself up.&quot;

She felt the bottle placed in her hand. &quot;Oiling?&quot; She said quietly.
&quot;Every little bit of you honey.&quot; He replied. &quot;Get yourself so
slippery you'll look like you've been dipped in a vat of it.&quot;

Stacey got into her white central bath after removing her dirty trainers from
her feet. The men then knelt either side and watched as she poured the oil over
her tits, arms, and shoulders. It ran down her spine to her ass crack. It
pooled in the bath and coated her thighs and legs. It covered her painted toes,
her neck and down between her sampled slit. The two men began to strip until
finally all three of them were naked in the warm afternoon washroom.

Stacey by now looked a golden brown the oil accentuating her tanned body. It
glistened as she slipped and slid in the bathtub. The two men had not wasted
the opportunity to smear and rub the oil into her soft flesh. The Boss had
massaged her tits until the pink nipples stood out firm and aroused her modest
domes hard and shiny. The Mask had opened her thighs and with Stacey hopelessly
trying to stop him he had squirted the bottle head up her pussy. 

She squealed as he pulled her long leg making her slide onto her back. Once
again the bottleneck was squirted inside her, this time oiling her sore butt
hole thoroughly. Yes Stacey was now a very slippery, slimy girl indeed.

The clock downstairs chimed for the half hour, and the Boss his fat belly now
covered in oil reached for the bag. Stacey watched eyes wide as a procession of
sex devices was taken out and handed round. 

First there was a suction cup and pump, next anal beads then a ribbed monster
dildo. Stacey watched innocently as each was inspected unsure of what each was
used for. The men wasted no time in beginning to show her.

&nbsp;

Stacey
could hardly keep herself level as her slippery body rolled around the tub. The
men had her knees and they lifted one over either side of the tub her butt
lifting of the ground her hands gripping the bath sides to steady herself. Her
ass was so oiled up she only began to feel the beads after the first two inch
parted globes had been slid up her. The ten plus beads were all the same size
on a piece of flexible rod, the Mask slowly twisting it as he skewered her ass.


&quot;Ooohhhhhhhh oh, oh take it slower! Uhhhhhh!&quot; She moaned like a cheap
whore her pussy now also coming under attention.

The Boss had placed the clear groin shaped suction cup over her blonde pussy,
the oil making a firm grip. The small tube snaked to the hand pump which the
Boss began to squeeze, gently but rhythmically. Stacey felt the cup suck hard
on her slit the removing air and oil making an air tight fit. 

&quot;Uhhhh, what? Why?&quot; She groaned four or more beads in her back hole,
her clit been exposed as the suction cup pulled back her oiled clitoral lips.

The Boss continued to hand-pump the device; the oil around her pussy bud visibly
bubbling. &quot;You're going come for us honey, like the good little whore you
are!&quot;

Stacey began to moan slowly at first, but steadily building. The suction cup
was flexing on her almost bare pussy, the thing making a dirty sucking noise.
Her clit was under intense pressure the sensation like tugging and licking all
in one. Her pussy canal had been sucked empty of any remaining air and her
walls trickled with juice, that too been slowly drawn from her. She bucked as
the anal beads now wiggled 6 globes in.

&quot;Oh God!&quot; She though biting her lip, &quot;no further up. Please,
pleaseeeeeee!&quot;

The Mask quizzed her. &quot;Does it feel like it's in your throat, yes? Good,
soon this will feel like a walk in the park.&quot;

Stacey felt the beads been pulled from her, one after another, plop, plop!
Finally the last one bust from her sphincter and she gave a satisfied grunt.
&quot;Ugg!&quot; She wondered why he had said that. The sensation had been
horrendous how worse could it get?

&quot;Open your legs wider,&quot; ordered the Boss. &quot;You're getting hot aren't
you?&quot; 

Stacey pushed her pelvis up looking down in awe at the strange Perspex suction
cap. Inside she could see her flesh vibrating the sensations getting stronger
and stronger. &quot;Oooooo!&quot; The Boss nodded to his colleague.
&quot;Quickly before the little bitch comes, hurry!&quot;

Stacey began to gasp and splutter as the Mask pushed the fat dildo against her
ass. The thing was large, like a rubber corn on the cob; but much bigger. The
ribbed sides and rounded tip were twisted against her abused ass. 

&quot;Uh, oh, oh, oh.oooooohhhhhhh!&quot; 

She flung her head back nails biting on the porcelain rim of the bath. She was
taking it. &quot;God it must be 3 inches wide how the fuck was it going...
ugggggghh!&quot; 

Her rim stretched allowing the ribbed edge to bump along up inside her. 

&quot;Ugggghh, no, no, uggggh!&quot;

It felt like an arm or a fucking python. But this huge snake wasn't smooth
instead the raised nodules made the penetration more intense. The sensation was
ecstasy and pitiless humiliation. Her husband had done this to her! Made her
the plaything of two dirty ethnics! The men had her totally dominated her legs
wide like a cheap tart. She felt the fat dildo somewhere deep in her rectum
amazed at how her body could accommodate it.

It was all too much. 

The clit sucker was working overtime, now this monster was busting her ass. She
began to cry and moan at the same time. &quot;Oh God ugh, ugh!&quot; 

She knew she was coming, &quot;Oh heavens the embarrassment her body giving
in.&quot; The dildo was hard inside her as her anal muscles began to spasm. He
clit burned and frothed. 

&quot;Ugh oh, oh, ugh, no, no, nooooeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiieeeeeeeeee!!!&quot; 

She convulsed slipping further onto her back. The Mask rammed the rubber cock
to the limit her gut twisting. She desperately tried to grip the suction cup to
pull it from her.

&quot;Awwwwwwwwww!&quot; 

Her ass muscles contracted more, shitting the huge cock almost out of her. 

&quot;Oh, oh, noooooo ug, ugg, uuuuuhhhhhhh!&quot; 

Stacey came like never before!

She collapsed a quivering wreck in the oily tub her long fingers finally
managing to pull the sucker from her swollen bud and slit. &quot;Urrrr thank
God!&quot; The two men stood over her satisfied with her performance. She
looked up with innocent sexy eyes her face red with exertion.

&quot;You beasts,&quot; she snarled.

The Boss held his fat limp cock over her and then she notice the Mask also had
the same stance. She suddenly had a terrible idea what was next.

&quot;Oh no you're...&quot; She didn't get time to finish before both men began
to urinate over her slim shoulders and firm tits. &quot;Uggghhhhhhh!&quot; 

Their piss splashed her face running in streams between her legs. The Boss
pulled her hair towards him so he could hose her cute face. The Mask put a foot
on the bath lifting him higher so his cock showered her brow down over her high
cheek bones to that wide sensuous mouth. In less than a minute they'd fully
relieved themselves over the panting, coughing, spluttering housewife.

They only had twenty minutes left with her by the time they'd yet again
showered her clean. Stacey didn't care any more. She'd been deep throated, had
her ass filled, then emptied, fucked with strange devices and finally pissed
on. How much more humiliation could they do?

In her charming bedroom the Boss had found something. &quot;Put this on,&quot;
he demanded as he stood there oil black, naked his belly hanging over his cock.
She gave an anguished moan. It was the Basque and stockings from her wedding
dress. In his other hand was her delicate banded veil.

She shook her head but the Mask slapped her face. She gave a yelp then quickly
began to dress. The men helped her, no time to waste. At last she was on the
bed white Basque and stockings, no knickers but with her 3 inch white heeled
wedding shoes on. The Boss threw her the veil and finally she was dressed for
their fantasy.

The two men climbed onto the bed, the Mask shouting with glee. &quot;I want our
fucking bride's ass first!&quot;

He pushed her down spreading her knees pushing them wide and back to her
corseted hips. His cock was at her ass hole nudging her exercise sphincter. She
felt him push and she moaned as the fat hairy Asian began to ease up her hot
sickly sweet ass. Stacey gripped the sheets her hands rigid in discomfort. 

&quot;Oh God, ugggggghhhhhhhh!&quot; Her wedding night had been nothing like
this!

Stacey gripped the bed sheets tightly her legs spread, knees bent. The Masks
cock was not as thick as the corn type rubber monster he had used before; but
she still gave a painful moan as the dark flesh squeezed inside her. The man
gripped her corseted waist watching her ass gasp as more and more flesh was
buried. She felt very hot around his cock the earlier oiling making him slip
more easily in.

He pushed until his hairy base pressed against her tender cheeks. Her face
showed the discomfort her lips nipping and eyebrows rising. He made his hip
move in a circular motion and watched her butt wobble as if she was sat on the
seat of a rickety train carriage. The Mask pushed her knees wider and down
making her pelvis rise until her knees almost touched the sheets. 

&quot;Ahhhh no, too wide agggg!&quot; She felt like he wanted to snap her like
a wish bone.

He began to thrust in and out of her butt, taking long strokes the cock coming
almost all the way out before sliding firmly back to the hilt. 

&quot;Ug, ug, ug, oh, oh, ugg!&quot; Stacey grunted her arms gripping the bed
board behind her head thrusting her bust up. &quot;Oohhhhhhhhh!&quot;

The Boss was enjoying the view. Stacey clad in white wedding Basque and
stockings her legs painful wide, her ass taking the Asians cock with a dirty
rutting noise. 

Phlut! Phlut, Phlut! 

&quot;The dirty bitch loves it!&quot; He announced watching her act so
obediently. 

Stacey moaned shaking her head.&quot; No, no, no!&quot; She thought over and
over. Her ass was burning but the sensation was easing a little, only the
sickening nudge of his head too far in causing her real discomfort.
&quot;Ugggg!&quot;

The Boss knelt on the bed pulling at the Masks shoulder. &quot;My turn.&quot;
He ordered. Stacey gasped with relief as the cock popped from her hole. She was
ordered onto her knees the Boss groping her fleshy butt as he pulled her into
position.

&quot;That's it like an obedient dog, bend over more honey.&quot; 

She yelped as his cock slid back into the slimy shit hole. He began to fuck her
fast and hard his grunting almost as loud as her wails. 

&quot;Ugh, ugh aww eieeeee, eieeeeeeeeee!&quot; 

The bed was shaking as was Stacey her thighs quivering her hair now loose
bouncing over her face like some wild woman. 

Her shoulder thrust forward with each deep ramming her mouth coughing spittle.
He wanted her to scream, to pass out or collapses anything to show she'd never
been taken like this before. 

&quot;Aaaaaaaawwwwwwww Godddd nnnnnnnnnnooooooooo!!!&quot;

Stacey began to convulse with horror a long wailing plea from her mouth, her
claws tearing the pillows. &quot;Agggggggggggggggg!!!!!!!&quot;

The Boss satisfied she had experienced his fiercest ramming withdrew with
another long moan from her. &quot;Urrrrrrrrrrrrr!&quot;

The Mask was pulling her hands to the metal bed board and he began to tie them
with cord so they were firmly bound together and around the central column. 

&quot;Ug no, don't I'm not resisting.&quot; She cried feeling a little more
dominated now she was unable to get out of the doggie position.

The Boss told her to &quot;sshhhhh&quot; as he examined the bonds. &quot;We've
nearly finished now honey you've been a good girl, so helpful.&quot; 

Stacey could feel her cheeks been spread again finger pressing into her ass. 

&quot;Aggggg what?&quot; 

The Mask was smearing more lube over her hole his fingers slipping in and out
with impunity stretching her tight muscle ring. The Boss put his hand over her
mouth pressing hard. 

&quot;Now steady Stacey, it's important you don't resist!&quot; Her eyes show
confusion yet an awful realisation that she just didn't want to know what was
next.

She felt a cone of greased fingers at her anus. The Asiansa hand trying to
prise her open, then push further in.

Her muffled screams filled the house as the Boss pinned her bucking shoulder
and hips with his other arm. The Mask was pushing his hand up her ass. The
pressure extreme the pain and burning making her almost feint. 

&quot;No, no, noooooo!&quot; She was frantic but held in place by dominating
muscled arms, hand stopping her voice only her mind screaming.

The Asian was twisting his wrist his teeth gritted at the same time reassuring
his sexy slave.

&quot;Take it easy babe ugggg, that's it agggg yes, yes ohhhhhhh
yessssssssssss!&quot;

She felt his slippery hand pass the widest point her muscle closing back still
massively wide around his hairy wrist. The Boss took his hand from her mouth.

&quot;Nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!&quot;

The hand was enormous inside her anal void. As he twisted it she felt like
shitting, screaming and throwing up all in one. 

&quot;Uuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkk!&quot; 

He rubbed it back and forth ever so gently and she groaned her eyes welling,
her mouth quivering. The Mask groaned himself feeling her hot wet inside seeing
her spine arch as he flexed. &quot;Oh Stacey you dirty little bitch,
mmmmmmm!&quot;

She struggled to move her hips, her legs needing to keep so wide not to put any
more pressure on her over full rectum. The Boss was lifting one leg and she
gasped as both men began to turn her on her side. Her hands couldn't move so
she found it difficult. The Boss was climbing under her instructing her to
straddle him, till finally he was on his back fat belly like a dome with Stacey
straddling his waist. Her hands were still stretch above his head the Asian man
kneeling behind her his hand up her shitter to the wrist.

&quot;Baby you're my little fuck puppet!&quot; he teased his hand in sensual
heaven.

The Boss was pushing his cock towards her pussy, then into it. 

&quot;Agggggg!&quot; 

She began to ride down on his cock the penetration made much harder than before
with her ass full to busting with a fist enema. 

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugh!&quot; 

As she gasped and rode the Mask was slowly pumping more and more, her anal
tract widening under protest. 

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugh!&quot; 

The Boss stared into her innocent eyes. &quot;Oh baby I can feel his hand its
so deep ugh, mnnnnn, mnnnnn oh ride it baby faster com'n your husband will be
back soon!&quot; 

She was sweating and moaning her eyes shut the feeling in her ass turning numb.
The big black cock felt like a pole on which she'd been skewered and she was
sure they were doing her damage inside.

She gave a pitiful moan to no one in particular. &quot;Oh God why me?
Ugggggg!&quot;

&quot;Clunk!&quot;

The Boss heard the front door go and with the speed of a Panther he rolled from
the bed reaching for his jacket. He pulled his pistol from the inside pocket
and darted down stairs. The Mask and Stacey froze in mid pump her hair now a
bedraggled mess over her cute nose.

In the hall Stacey's husband froze. In front of him was the big fat black guy
totally naked covered in sweat. In his hand was a silver automatic pointing
straight at him. In his other hand was his long crooked cock still rigid; the
foreskin taut and pulled back pointing skywards.

&quot;I fucking told you 4 o'clock!&quot; The Boss hissed.

Upstairs the Mask heard who it was so did Stacey and she cried out his name in
desperation. The Mask slapped her ass with his free hand and began to fist
harder and harder making Stacey plead. &quot;Oh no too fast, stop, stop, uh,
uh, aw, aw, aww nooooooo!&quot;

Downstairs her husband quivered haering the writhing upstairs, &quot;Aw Jesus!
What's happening?&quot; The Boss grinned now quite happy he had returned to see
the final act. &quot;That;&quot; he said triumphantly,&quot; is the sound of
you're skinny bitch wife taking a hand up her ass!&quot;

The Boss pushed Stacey's husband up the damp stairs closer to the obscene
sounds. He could hear his wife grunting and gagging, her pleas going unheeded.
Also there was a slopping sound of flesh been plugged and he knew all too well
that the Boss was telling him the truth. As he entered the bedroom he nearly
threw up. His gorgeous wife was on her hands and knees, her wedding white
stockings and basque covered in an oily mess. His eyes took seconds to believe
the scene.

Her head was on the pillow as she bit into it, her hands tied to the bed board.
Her waist curved out and up to her peach ass and he groaned at the view. A man
he'd never seen before dressed only in a crazy zipper face mask had his hand
wrist deep in her anus. The slopping, farting noise was air and oil escaping
from Stacey as he made rapid thrusts in and out of her. The hole was so wide he
almost thought she would split in two, the noises from Stacey appearing to agree
with his concerns.

&quot;Awwwwwoooooooo, ug, ug, ug, eieeeeeeee!&quot;

Each time the Mask withdrew the oily hand she squealed as her ass began to
close belching air; only for him to ram back in again making her give a deep
grunt, &quot;uhhhhhh!&quot;

The Boss pushed her husband to the side of the bed as he struggled back. He
didn't want to get any closer he wanted no part of this. If he could just close
his eyes maybe it would all go away. The Boss re-holstered the pistol in his
jacket looking back at the man. 

&quot;Don't even think of trying to draw this,&quot; he warned, leaving the
weapon in easy reach of the man. &quot;Or you'll be wearing it out of your
ass.&quot; Her husband just looked dumbfounded he wouldn't know how to take the
safety off, let alone fire one accurately. He nodded slowly still trying not to
look at his wife.

Stacey let out an enormous scream. It was getting far too painful for her. 

&quot;Jeezzzzzzzzzz stop awwwwwweeeeeiiiiie!&quot; 

The Mask twisted his wrist and pulled his hand free with a sickening pop.
Stacey screamed again her ass hole not closing fully, but instead remaining
slightly gaping; a black wet hole the muscles needing time to regain their
strength. 

She looked up at her husband.

&quot;Oh you bastard! You stupid bas... They've; they've...&quot; She couldn't
even begin to explain to him the servicing she'd had.

The Mask was untying her wrists, his hairy torso almost as black as his
colleagues, the sweat now dried and caked on him. He examined her seeping ass
hole with his fingers.

&quot;Yep that should do it, &quot;he said knowingly. 

The Boss was stroking his cock again, climbing onto the bed.

&quot;I've already spunked up her pussy,&quot; he explained to the pathetic man
watching near by.&quot; Yeah filled your wife to the brim.&quot; 

Both the Boss and Mask began to twist the exhausted girl into the position they
wanted, moving her hips lifting her stocking legs; her wedding dress heels
dragging at the bedclothes. 

&quot;Now we're going to finish the prim bitch in that plump cute ass of
hers.&quot;

The Mask was on his back legs over the edge of the bed. Stacey was been lifted
onto his cock facing away from him towards her husband. The man winched as he
saw Stacey, long legs ever so wide sitting down onto the Asians prick. She
shuddered as the rod bent up into her ass. He reached round to grip her tits tugging
her back, and she gave a surprised expression as she was made to lean back the
cock in her anus appearing between her raised thighs. 

&quot;Uhhhhhhhh!&quot;

The Boss now stood between her legs, lifting her knees so she balanced on the
belly of the Asian. He began to angle his hungry monster at the same filled ass
as the blonde protested. 

&quot;Oh uh I don't no ugg, uggggggghhhhhhhhh!&quot; Her husband put a hand
over his mouth. I couldn't be possible! Stacey screamed and arched her back the
Boss using his hands to force the issue until final he could ease himself in
along side his friend.

She was taking two cocks up her ass! 

The two fleshy tubes different shades of black sliding against each other,
Stacey's legs and hips lifted so high her husband could see under the Boss's
swinging balls to her private cute plugged by two men at the same time.

&quot;Uggh, uggh, uhhhh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhh!&quot; 

Stacey rocked up and down the Masks body while he gripped inside her basque to
twist her tits hungrily. Both men were grunting with pleasure the void so
tight, but slippery as well. The Boss groaned with satisfaction seeing Stacey's
face knowing her husband could see and hear every disgusting detail. Both cocks
rubbed against her walls, her sphincter now stretched like a pouting mouth. 

&quot;Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!&quot;

The two men were bucking and ramming trying to gain an inch on each others
cocks. As they both pushed in she felt her gut twist and spasm, tits sore,
mouth dry.

&quot;Ugh, ugh no more please uggggggggh!&quot; 

She wrapped her long legs around the Bosses wide hips and ass, bucking herself
as he pumped home. The Boss raised his hips punching his cock up inside, making
her ass lift.

&quot;Ugghhhhhhh!&quot;

The ramming was making Stacey feel feint her head lolled from side to side as
her moaning became more distant. The Boss was holding her under her knees
looking down at his penetration.

&quot;Fucking dirty bitch is taking them both ugh, all ugh, the way in,
ugg!&quot;

He began to rip her stocking from her legs, then pulling her heels off. The Mask
unfastened the Basque till finally she was the naked oily skinned babe again.
He pulled her legs together making her moan in discomfort her butt cheeks
pressing closer together. His mouth began to suck on her delicate toes his
hands caressing her calves. The Mask was pinching her cheeks making her look to
the corner off the room were her husband stood horrified.

The Boss withdrew his cock allowing the Mask to bounce forcefully up and down. 

&quot;Ugh, ugh, ugghhhh yeahhh! Uuukkkkkkkkkk!&quot; 

He came, a hot torrent in her his zipper mouth smiling as Stacey just gobbled
air like a fish out of water. 

He was tense for a few seconds them began to rant. &quot;Get off me you fucking
whore.&quot; He snapped rolling her onto her front a white trail emerging from
her none too tight anus.

&nbsp;

The
Boss was back on her pulling her up onto her hands and knees, burying back in
with menace. 

&quot;Yeah, uh, uh, uh, take it, take it ugggggghhhhhhhhh!&quot; 

Stacey watched her husband standing directly ahead as the big man mounted her
ass again. She felt his tool erupt coating her sore flesh with a mixture of
runny and chunky semen.

&quot;Uggggggghhhhhhh yeah ahhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!&quot;

To her husband's relief the hour was almost up.

The Boss began to dress satisfied with his hours work. As he put on his clothes
he watched the Mask perform one final humiliation. He had a rubber ball the
size of an orange. As he pinned Stacey's neck down he pressed the grease globe
against her loose ass hole. She squealed and her husband protested but to no
avail. 

With a despairing, suicidal scream from Stacey the thing popped inside her
cavity, her void swallowing the sphere almost completely. Only a slight orange
color could be seen gaping from her ass rim. She writhed around her nails
touching the slippery surface but unable to get a grip.

&quot;Aggg ugg get it out ugggggggg!&quot;

The Mask pulled on his shorts and both men headed for the front door.

&quot;She's all yours,&quot; they joked to the frantic husband as he tried to
help his stuffed wife.

&quot;If you get your fingers in far enough I'm sure you can pull it out!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Finc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





