BDSM Library - Maid In Bound 




Maid In Bound 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Just a short PWP about maid in bondage.







Maid in Bound (+pic)

 
  SOmeone
   jim
  2
  3
  2007-01-05T00:55:00Z
  2007-01-05T00:55:00Z
  1
  828
  4726
  DarkSky Co,
  39
  11
  5543
  10.2625
 

 
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Maid in
Bound (+pic)

����� by YamiNoHikari

&nbsp;

written:
October 8th 2006

&nbsp;

Genre:
PWP

From :
Random hentai image (maybe from some H-game)

&nbsp;

DICLAIMER:


This
maid is not mine. The image is found somewhere in the internet, not drawn by
me. However, Hikaru is mine, she is from my other fiction (Bond of Destiny).

&nbsp;

WARNING!
This is a fiction of hentai, so only adults may view or if you insist then so
be it. I've warned ya.

&nbsp;

CODE
WARNING!

* toys

* F/F

*
bondage 

&nbsp;

-----------------------

&nbsp;

Hikaru
Female ��� : 

http://i82.photobucket.com/albums/j266/YamiNoHikari/Bond%20of%20Destiny/HikaruF.jpg

&nbsp;

-----------------------

&nbsp;

Drops
of water dripped to the stone floor, forming a puddle of bad-coloured water.
Beside the puddle lied a sleeping girl. She was lying on the floor with her
left arm crossing over her head while her right arm stretching to her side. Her
feet were spreading on each side, showing her panties. She wore the full maid
attire complete with her band.

&nbsp;

Slowly
the girl moved her arms, clutching her body. She shivered by the cold of the
room. Not long after, she tried to open her eyes. Regaining her vision, the
blurry images slowly changed into firmer vision. She woke up from her sleeping,
then she sat down looking at her surroundings.

&nbsp;

In
front of her, she was surrounded by wooden bars, setting up her prison. Beyond
the wooden bar she saw a pile of rope and a wooden box. Shivering in her
position, she was scared of her predicament. Then, a loud bang of swung opened
door heard and a girl came inside.

&nbsp;

Hikaru,
the girl walked slowly to the prison, then she stood in front of the girl
inside. A wicked smile formed on her lips, her eyes watching the trembling
girl. Hikaru wore a sailor suit uniform, a crystal glimmered hung at her chest.
She waved her long hair, setting her eyes to the other girl. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So,
how are you today?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Have
no mouth, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;..wha...
what happened?&quot;

&nbsp;

Hikaru
opened the cell, the girl moved as far she could go from her. However, with a
swift movement,� Hikaru grabbed the girl,
dragging her outside her prison. Then she threw her, making her fell on her
side.

&nbsp;

&quot;Some
a maid, aren't you? You won't think this as a new, right?&quot;

&nbsp;

Hikaru
moved toward the pile of ropes, then she took a loop. The maid was trembling in
fear, she couldn't move or even to scream at the moment. Before she could
resist, Hikaru grabbed her so she was on top of her.

&nbsp;

&quot;..please...
let me go...&quot;

&nbsp;

Hikaru
flipped her body so she was on top of her back. and took her arms altogether to
her back. Then she tied her arms together, the maid wiggled but she couldn't
move her arms. For some minutes, Hikaru let her tried hard to untie herself,
but no avail. Suddenly, the maid gasped, a hand cupped her breast from behind.

&nbsp;

&quot;How's
this... hon?&quot; Hikaru enticed her.

&nbsp;

Another
hand explored her other breast. &quot;The fabric is in the way, isn't
it...&quot; With a swift movement, she tore the maid's upper attire, showing
her bra behind it. Hikaru's hand invaded through the bra, cupping at her
globes, sending the pulse to both of them. 

&nbsp;

&quot;..aa...
aaahh...&quot; the maid pulsated.

&nbsp;

Then,
Hikaru flipped her again so their eyes met each other. Both of the girls' face
reddened, somehow their pussy was so close to each other. 

&nbsp;

Hikaru
cupped her chin, then she moved closer to the maid's face. Their lips kissed
each other, the waves of pleasure were drowning them. While kissing her, Hikaru
took another loop of the rope. Then she ended the kiss, took her to the wall of
the prison.

&nbsp;

Hikaru
worked over her, so her legs were lifted near her face. Then, ignoring her
protest Hikaru tied her legs then looped to her neck, acrossing above her
breasts. After setting the rope, Hikaru was satisfied with her work. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
would be cuter without those fabric, wouldn't you...&quot; she muttered.

&nbsp;

The
maid was going to protest again when Hikaru put some panties to shut her up.
She tore her attire again, with a great satisfaction she ripped her maid attire
to pieces. She let her lower attire to be in one piece, but then she took her
panties away.

&nbsp;

&quot;Time
to play...&quot; she whispered at her earlobe and the maid gasped. Hikaru's
hand was exploring her now bare breasts. 

&nbsp;

The
maid closed her eyes, the sensation filled her thoroughly. Hikaru placed one of
her hands to her inner thigh, feeling her began to wet herself.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh...
this cutie is beginning to wet...&quot;

&nbsp;

The
tension rose up for the tied girl, she was about to explode when Hikaru stopped
touching her. The maid felt depressed, her about to reach the peak was done
for.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wait...
slow down girl...&quot; she whispered, taking away her gag, the maid gasped for
air.

&nbsp;

The
maid cried when she felt something inserted to her pussy. It was a brown tube
filling her pussy entirely. She wiggled to put it out but no avail. Hikaru
inserted once more to her anus. The maid was filled in agony, with the same
time pleasure washed her.

&nbsp;

Image :
http://fapomatic.com/show.php?loc=0652&amp;f=maidbound.jpg

&nbsp;

The
maid cried harder, wiggling to put them out, but then Hikaru moved away to the
door leading outside.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
be back then, cutie...&quot; with a loud bang the door closed, leaving the bound
maid in pain and pleasure.

&nbsp;

--end--

&nbsp;

A/N:
well, don't really think to continue this one. I'll just make another title
later, which will be better. I guess this one is just a warm up for me who
haven't written in long time. Please give me review even it's burning with
flare...

&nbsp;

Another
runt, Hikaru is not like that. This is an AU from the real version of Hikaru in
Bond of Destiny.

&nbsp;

Until
another fiction with picture then!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  YamiNoHikari


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





