BDSM Library - A New Years Celebration




A New Years Celebration
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple celebrate the New Year with a few close friends.








 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  1
  11
  2007-03-18T20:08:00Z
  2007-03-18T20:19:00Z
  9
  2205
  12574
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  104
  29
  14750
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






I 

Susan
was born on December 30th. She often felt a little bit cheated when
her birthday rolled around. A party squished between Christmas and New Years
Eve was always a tough sell. Quite a few of her friends saw no problem with
handing her a Christmas gift only to say &quot;Oh by the way Happy Birthday
too.&quot;

Roger
knew better. They had celebrated their fifth anniversary last year. She still
adored and worshipped him. That would be worship in a quite literal meaning of
the word. Kneeling naked with her head pressed to the ground knees spread and
ass swaying in the air awaiting his pleasure. Whenever he saw her kneeling
before him her ass and cunt openly displayed, as she professed her need, well
it made Rogers pride swell in more ways than one. She was his and he used her
any way he wanted to, sometimes he just fucked her, and she sighed contentedly,
no matter which opening he decided to invade. Other times he would slap her ass
cheeks, heating them to a healthy glow or use his broad leather belt. He rarely
used a whip or cane unless she needed punishment, or on those occasions when
they went to the monthly munch. She was content to be used like this, it made
her feel treasured, and he was into it to. What red-blooded American male
wouldn�t be? They never really tried to put a name to their relationship, it
was just how they were and they were both comfortable with that.

It
had been a good year at work for Roger and he�d received a substantial bonus so
for her birthday he gave Susan a silver collar. &quot;It�s a Gorean slave collar&quot; he explained to her. It had been
constructed to conform to the descriptions from that book series. It was almost
a half-inch wide, made of fine silver with a decorative floral design inlaid
with bright enamel across the surface. The floral design cleverly spelt out his
surname (ending with a possessive�s). The collar was hinged with a locking
mechanism built into it, only a tiny keyhole broke the smooth surface when it
was closed and locked. It was quite beautiful and it hadn�t come cheap.

Roger
held onto both of the keys of course. Susan knelt before her lover begging to
try it on. He seemed unmoved by her desire and yet he grinned at her efforts to
sway him.

&quot;Do
the clothes make the man?&quot; He asked her rhetorically.

She
looked at him, puzzled by the words, uncertain where the conversation was
headed.

&quot;Is
it the costume that makes a clown?&quot; This didn�t make things any clearer
for her.

&quot;Can
a piece of jewelry make a change in your life?&quot; he asked.

At
last Susan understood where he was going with this. She thought for a moment, then she held out her left hand, showing him the gold
wedding band she wore.

He
seemed a bit surprised by her rather clever response. He chuckled but shook his
head no. 

&quot;The
ring didn�t change you dear. It�s a symbol of what you are. Do you understand
the difference love?&quot;

She looked up at
him, her soulful brown eyes wide and glistening as she nodded in the
affirmative. 

&quot;I
don�t mean for this to be a toy for our little games dear, You
will think long and hard before you put on this collar.&quot;

His
voice had dropped into that authoritative tone, deep and commanding though she
couldn�t tell you exactly how this tone was different. It felt more than
sounded different. Almost like a distinct type of resonance, one that seemed to
make her whole body tingle, right down to her bones. Roger was warming to the
topic and Susan knelt up a little straighter her neck almost seemed to stretch
toward him as she arched her head back.

&quot;This
is a symbol of what you are. This is a slave�s collar. Only I can remove it and
once it encircles your lovely neck I�ll not want to take it off too quickly or
too often.&quot;

A
shiver of delight ran through Susan and she involuntarily shuffled forward on
her knees inching a bit closer. Roger shook his head impatiently.

&quot;You
don�t understand, I want this to mean something more
than a piece of jewelry or another bit of bondage equipment. If you agree to
wear this you will be mine, my property, to do with as I see fit,
nothing more and certainly nothing less&quot;.

Her
eyes seemed to glaze over as the words &quot;You will be mine.&quot;
reverberated in her mind she heard nothing else. Oh god! She was soaking! This
was the best birthday present ever! If this silly man didn�t realize she
belonged to him already it was past time he learned.

&quot;Please
Sire&quot; she said, a lone tear escaping down her
cheek, &quot;Lock it onto me. Never take it off. Let it bind me too you. I
belong to you. You must know that!&quot;

&quot;Patients
my pet.&quot; he said with an evil grin, &quot; A
collar might be given freely, but you will have to earn the right to wear it.
Think about what I said. We�ll discuss it again tomorrow.&quot;

She
did think about it, almost constantly and with eager anticipation.

Her
dreams that night were filled with steel, leather, and her own bound flesh. He
would test her of course and she relished the thought. In her dreams the
various scenes played out and flowed into one another as only dreams can do.
She was over his knee while he spanked her long and hard until the heat became
so intense she felt she might burst into flames, Then
he would lick and kiss her throbbing bottom while she came over and over again.
He would enter her from behind while he locked the collar in place around her
neck.

Or�

Perhaps
something harder, more intense, bound face down on the bed while he used a
leather belt, maybe even his flogger on her, striking her shoulders and bottom
and thighs again and again until she cried out for mercy. Then he would use the
ice as he had that other time he�d used the flogger. Ice melting in cold
rivulets against the heated flesh while fingers stroked and teased and another,
warmer, moisture seeped from her. She would squirm helplessly under his cool
touch. She would shudder and beg for release. He would relent and use her as he
wanted to. The way she was truly meant to be used. Yes to be nothing but his
plaything, to bring him joy. That was what the collar would mean. She would be
his favorite toy, the jewel in his collection, to be used and cherished, loved
and possessed completely. She could feel his arms around her and she snuggled
closer and sighed. 

When
she awoke he was still sleeping, taking in deep steady breaths and letting them
out in a slow even rhythm. She slipped beneath the covers. Her lips traced a
path down his body and teasingly licked at his parted thighs. With a swelling
alertness his rampant interest became obvious, and yet he still slept. 

This
was not something she normally did for him, Going down
on him was something she only did when he demanded it. She really found swallowing
him difficult and uncomfortable not the least bit erotic for her. Her aversion
probably stemmed from an incident early in their relationship. She had been
kneeling before him licking and sucking as she struggled to please her lover.
At some point he decided to take control of the situation. Grabbing her chin in
his left hand and grasping her ponytail in his right he held her head in place
and thrust in and out to his own tempo. She had struggled to accommodate him
trying not to gag as he pumped into her throat with unrestrained enthusiasm. He
came without the slightest warning and she couldn�t help but gag, heaving and
spewing cum everywhere.

She�d
never felt so humiliated in her life. To be on her knees before her master
retching and crying while semen sprayed from her mouth running down her chin.
Snot mixed with cum and dripped from her raw nose. It was beyond an
embarrassment, she felt shamed and hopelessly inadequate, she had wished she
could just curl up and fade away. Even then what she
had really worried about was how disappointed he might be at her failure. 

And
then he had burst out laughing. For her that was the worst possible reaction he
could have had. Though perhaps upon reflection the best she could have hope
for. 

He
tried to talk to her about it later but she couldn�t. She tucked her
humiliation away in a private spot and went on. She had forgiven him of course, it was forgetting that was impossible. Now she only
went down on him when he asked it of her, but it always brought back that unpleasant
memory of a gagging throat and the raw pain of her nasal passage with salty cum
erupting from her nostrils as she retched. 

Those
dark moments were long past and for him and probably long forgotten. She wasn�t
even sure he realized she had an aversion to oral sex, he never mentioned her
lack of enthusiasm and she always tried to accommodate him when he demanded it.


But
today all she wanted to do was surprise him, well that was her heart�s desire
at the moment and so her tongue worked its way along the throbbing underside of
his turgid penis as she allowed him to slip between her lips. Soon she was
pulling him into her mouth taking him deep into her throat as her head bobbed
over him and she struggled to swallow him down. She fought hard to overcome the
brief panic as his cock nudged against the back of her throat and she gagged
reflexively. She just kept swallowing, taking him deeper.

His
deep rumbling groan warned her and she swallowed endlessly as he woke cumming
deep in her throat at the same moment. She beamed with pride and grinned as
best she could with her lips wrapped around him. She had done it, all on her
own she�d gone down on him and made him cum. She wondered if he even realized
what a personal triumph that this moment was for her. It didn�t matter she
decided as long as he knew she was doing all this to please him.

He
pulled the covers away and smiled lovingly at the sight of her. She grinned
back crouched between his legs a sticky smile on her face as her tongue
flickered out to lick away the salty moisture. When she was finished cleaning
him she climbed back up into his warm arms and sighed contentedly.

&quot;God
you�re wonderful&quot; he said cheerfully. &quot;But bribery will get you
nowhere, you�re still gonna have to work for your
collar, you cute little bitch.&quot;

She
smiled. He had been thinking about it too. She wondered what tasks he might
come up with to challenge her. She shivered at the thought, he had a truly evil
imagination, but she wasn�t sure if her shiver was from fear or joyful anticipation.


II

That
evening was to be their New Years Eve party. Nothing too elaborate
just a gathering of good friends, five couples in all. Usually they served a
sit down dinner but Roger thought a buffet would be more appropriate this year. 

They
went grocery shopping and Susan remained at his side barely resisting the urge
to cling to him as she followed from the grocery store to the Deli then on to
the bakery and finally the liquor store. She spent the rest of the morning
tidying up the house preparing platters of fruit, veggies, cold cuts, and
desserts. By four in the afternoon the preparations were complete. The house
was clean, the food and snacks were ready, a buffet table was set up with
plates, glasses, and silverware and the beverages were chilling. He selected a
dozen CDs, light seasonal jazz played soft and low, a gentle background noise
to fill any awkward silence but never enough to disturb a conversation.
Everything was ready; they could relax. 

&quot;Have
you thought about what I said Sue?&quot;

Susan
didn�t hesitate for a moment, he was talking about the collar, her collar, and
she wanted a chance to wear it. She�d even be proud to wear it tonight. Kim and
Sam were next door neighbors. She and Kim were best friends. They were both
into the scene, as were the Joe and Barbara Nickerson. Erica and Mathew were
another story; Erica was her boss at work, that�s how they knew each other. She
was a tall, strong, self-assured woman. They had only met a few times socially.
Eric�s husband had been a bit of a surprise. He was a software design engineer
of some sort, thin and small a total opposite of his wife. He was obviously
smitten by her following her about like a lovesick puppy ready and willing to
please. For her part Erica seemed to enjoy ordering him about and relished his
deference to her every whim. While she didn�t overtly humiliate him in public
their interaction left no doubt as to who was in charge of that relationship.
It certainly wouldn�t surprise Roger or Sue if she kept him on a literal leash
at home, to go along with the figurative one she showed in public. He certainly
seemed eager to please her and who knew, he might enjoy serving her in that
manner. In any event nothing would shock Erica. 

That
left only the Steve and Linda Anderson, they were friends
and neighbors but seemed very straight-laced, still the collar was pretty
enough to pass for an unusual necklace. Maybe Linda wouldn�t notice. She
certainly wouldn�t comment on it, especially if she had any idea of its
purpose. 

&quot;I�m
ready for it whenever you wish to put it on me, Sir.&quot; Susan responded in
her most submissive tone. Her eyes were lowered so he couldn�t actually see the
excitement they held, but it was unmistakable in her voice. She remembered his
words about earning it, but she would do whatever he wanted her to. He knew her
well enough to understand that.

&quot;Pour
yourself a warm bath love, relax and soak for a while, we�ve got some time
before the guests arrive.&quot;

It
was not the task she had imagined he�d require of her but she eagerly filled
the tub with steaming hot water and added some herbal bath oils. Susan sank
back into the warm water closing her eyes, letting her muscles relax and her
nervous tension float away. She�d nearly dozed off when he entered the bathroom
and knelt by the side of the tub. 

&quot;Wake
up pet, time for a scrub.&quot; he said cheerfully as he rolled up his sleeves,
grabbed the luffa sponge and dipped it into the warm scented water. Sue rose to
her knees and he began to scrub her back vigorously. She squirmed
a bit as he worked his way lower. Once her back and buttocks were well-scrubbed
and glowing pink he turned his attention to her breasts and belly. He was only
a little bit gentler with them and Sue was squirming in discomfort now. The
doorbell rang and she jerked in startled alarm. Roger rose and dried off his
dripping forearms.

&quot;That�s
probably Kim and Sam they said they might stop by before the party. You stay
right there I�ll go see to them.&quot; Roger bounded down the stairs and Susan
listened to the greetings being exchanged. She sank down deeper into the warm
water letting it sooth her jangled nerves. As the laughter rose from downstairs
she began to wonder what he was planning. Finally she heard him coming up the stairs, she flipped the drain open and stood. Her eyes
widened when it was Kim who pushed her way into the bathroom. She grinned at
the sight of a stark naked Susan dripping in the tub and pulled a towel off the
rack.

&quot;Come
on Sue, we need to get you ready.&quot;

&nbsp;















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  1
  14
  2007-03-18T20:21:00Z
  2007-03-18T20:35:00Z
  14
  3269
  18637
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  155
  43
  21863
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






III

Susan was a little taken
aback, but after all Kim and Sam were into the scene and they had both seen her
bound and naked just a few weeks ago when she and Roger had done a flogging
exhibition at the local Munch. Still it was somehow much more embarrassing to
be seen naked here at home in her own bathroom. Maybe
earning the collar was going to be a little harder than she thought.

Susan stepped out of the
tub and allowed Kim to towel her dry then sat on the toilet seat while Kim used
a blow dryer on her hair. When Roger and Sam crowded into the bathroom they
were carrying some lengths of braided hemp rope. Susan opened her mouth to
protest but Roger spoke first.

&quot;I�m sure you won�t
mind luv, I invited Kim and Sam to your collaring
ceremony.&quot;

Roger spoke with
practiced ease knowing exactly how to quell her objection. The words
&quot;Collaring Ceremony&quot; sent a shiver through her and Sue lost all
thought of her intended complaint.

&quot;And look they
brought these lovely ropes as a present for the ceremony. I know hemp isn�t
your favorite, what with it being a little bit scratchy and all, but it is such
a nice gesture. I think you should thank them.&quot;

She knew the last bit was
not a suggestion but an order and she dutifully thanked them both for their
thoughtfulness though she was blushing furiously. 

&quot;It�s kind of stuffy
in here let�s move her into the bedroom to prep her.&quot; Sam suggested.

The fact that another man
was directing her, while Roger stood be and said
nothing, made Susan feel a little queasy. He didn't bother to use her name and
spoke about her instead of to her, as if she'd become a simple object to be
moved about. That was a little scary but she was sure Roger would keep it all
under control. She dutifully followed behind the three of them, a lone naked
woman being lead away by her clothed friends. Once in the bedroom she was made
to kneel by the bed. Roger ordered her into a presentation position kneeling
tall with hands clasped behind her neck and knees spread about a foot apart.

Roger kissed her his
tongue probing deeply and her mouth opened, yielding to him. His hungry kiss
seemed to draw her breath away. He asked if she was ready for this. She nodded
and never even considered asking what &quot;this&quot; might entail. Sam began
to bind her breasts, the scratchy hemp winding around her torso twice below her
breasts then again twice above them. He then cinched the four loops together in
the valley between her bosoms tightening the knot until her aching breasts were
squeezed snuggly and separated by the thick knot of rope. He playfully tweaked
her nipples while her husband sat watching without comment or concern.

While Sam worked on her
breasts Kim was working just above hip level. She wrapped a second rope around
Susan�s waist four times then knotted it behind her back. She drew the rough
hemp cord between Susan�s legs tugging it forward so it sank into the crevice
of Sue�s butt. Kim carefully placed a knot where it would press against her
puckered little rosebud. She smiled evilly as she pressed the rope into her friends swollen nether lips and secured it with a finger
pressing just below Susan�s stirring clit. Kim placed another scratchy knot
right there and then drew the rope up to connect it to the loop of rope
circling Susan�s waist.

When Kim finished and
gave the rope a tug Susan couldn�t help but whimper At least she�d be out of
this soon she thought. The party would be starting in another half-hour and
there was no way she could wear this get-up under her dress. 

They lead her downstairs
to the living room and made her kneel by the coffee table. Her Collar was
sitting on the mantel in a polished wooden box lined with dark blue felt.
Despite herself she was getting excited and she squirmed impatiently as she
knelt. 

&quot;Be still!&quot;
Roger ordered.

&quot;Sir, shouldn�t my
hands be tied?&quot; Susan asked as she dutifully held them crossed behind her.

&quot;No!&quot; Rogers'
voice seemed to boom in the open room. Kim and Sam had found seats and were
they could comfortably watch show. 

&quot;That is your task
tonight, my love. You will cross your hands behind your back and they will
remain there, bound by my word and your own discipline.&quot;

Such an easy way to earn
her collar Sue thought, she had expected something much harder. Still it was
her birthday present so maybe he was just being nice.

&quot;You will remain
here and entertain our guests for the rest of the evening. You have my
permission to use your mouth only.&quot; He continued

At first she was too
incredulous to panic. He was teasing her; he had to be kidding. A sneaked peek
at his stern face showed no hint of humor. He meant every word. Sue�s stomach
convulsed and her face flushed bright red. 

&quot;If you treat them
well I�m sure they will give you some food and maybe something to drink.&quot;
Her mind was grappling with the words he spoke. They had never done anything
like this before. She had always been his and his alone. That was how it was
supposed to be when you are man and wife. Was a slave to be treated so very
different? 

&quot;All that I require
is that you do your best to please them. Your hands are to remain in place
crossed behind your back and you will remain here on your knees.&quot;

Her heart was pounding,
even at the Munches no one was ever forced to do anything like this! It was
about discipline, a bit of pain, but there was never any real sex involved, at
least not in public. From the corner of her eye she could see Sam standing,
stretching, the bulge in his crotch already very noticeable. 

&quot;Yellow Light
Master!&quot; she cried out.

He bent down beside her.
He seemed to be taken totally off guard. Susan had never once used her safe
words before. Why would she start now, And in front of guests? 

&quot;What�s wrong?&quot;
he asked with a mixture of concern and irritation.

&quot;I,
I, um.&quot; She just didn�t know how
to say it to him, she didn�t want to anger him or worse yet embarrass him.

&quot;Come on Sue this is
your fantasy, a line of cocks all in a row throbbing just for you.&quot; He
seemed to actually be perplexed by her unease. 

&quot;Ah I know it�s
doing the women too, is that it?&quot; he asked. Sue�s eyes bulged, she hadn�t
even thought about having to do anything for the women involved.

Tears had sprung to her
eyes. He just didn�t get it. In her fantasies she was forced to do these
things, cruel savage strangers made her do it against her will. Here he was
expecting her to do it of her own volition. Her mouth opened and closed but
still no words would come to her.

He took hold of her
crotch rope giving it a slight tug.

&quot;It's because you
can�t fuck them, is that it? Well forget it bitch, They
can use your mouth but your ass and cunt are mine!&quot;

She burst into tears, how
could he even think that? While it was true she didn�t like giving oral very
much, he didn�t understand what the real problem was. If she didn�t answer him
soon it was all just going to get worse. 

&quot;I�m sorry Master,
these are people I know.&quot; She blubbered. &quot;In my fantasies I am forced
by strangers. Steve and Linda, they have no idea� they�ll tell all the
neighbors, all of them, everyone will think I�m a�&quot;

&quot;Did you think
nothing would change when you wore my collar?&quot; he asked.

&quot;Do I really have to
do this?&quot; Susan whimpered.

&quot;No,Of course not.&quot; He responded with only a hint
of disappointment.

Standing he strode across
to the mantel and plucked her collar from it�s
box.

&quot;This can wait.
We�ll discuss it tomorrow. I should have warned you I suppose.&quot;

His voice had lost some
of its hard edge but she felt she was letting him down.

&quot;Go upstairs and
change.&quot; He told her.

She remained where she
was looking up into his face. Anger and irritation had evaporated. His look of
disappointment was slowly fading replaced with concern. She took few deep
breaths trying to push her fears away. After three breaths she felt a little
calmer, ready to continue. She looked up at her husband then lowered her eyes. 

&quot;I would stay and
please my Master if he would allow it.&quot; she said
at last.

&quot;Are you sure?&quot;
he asked, a little irritation creeping back into his voice.

She nodded silently. He
replaced the collar in its box, returned to her side and bent to kissed her.

&quot;Well if you two
have worked all that out I wouldn�t mind having first dibs. We need to get home
and change for the party.&quot; Sam already had his pants down and was proudly
displaying a raging erection.

The words had been
directed at Roger. Once she had agreed to continue Susan became nothing but a
warm wet mouth for him to fuck. By the time Roger nodded Sam was already in
front of her pressing against her hesitant lips. They trembled as they parted
with reluctance. Sam�s penis was longer than Roger though not quite as thick.
He pushed his way forward and began sawing back and forth to his own rapid
rhythm. Susan tried to help him along using her tongue as best as she could.
She closed her eyes and tried to imagine it was Roger but Sam tasted different
too. If she could have used her hands and cupped his balls it might have
hurried things along. She maintained her position, hands crossed behind her
back, as he banged away at the back of her throat until she couldn�t help but
gag. He lasted for several minutes and her jaw was starting to ache when he
finally came in jetting spurts that she just couldn�t keep up with. Semen
dribbled from her lips as he slipped out of her mouth. Susan anxiously looked
at Kim but her friend was looking on without the least hint of jealousy, only
the honest sympathy of someone who had too often suffered the same fate. 

Sam pulled up his pants and
went to get their coats. Kim crouched down next to her, gave her a fierce hug
and whispered to her.

&quot;He can be so full
of himself, but I do love him, anyway I�m his. I guess you�re getting to know
what that sort of thing really means now.&quot; And she gave Sue a peck on the
forehead. 

Sam and Kim left and for
a short time Roger and Susan were alone again. 

He went to the buffet and
returned with a glass of white wine and a damp cloth napkin. He used the napkin
to clean some cum from her lips and chin then pressed the glass to her lips.

A Chardonnay, at the
moment it seemed the perfect way to wash away the taste of a strangers semen
from her mouth. She was about to become a bit of a connoisseur of male semen
she mused darkly. She suddenly realized her Master had always been aware of her
oral reluctance after all. It was just the type of thing he might plan. This
would indeed be a challenge for her. With a mental shrug she realized her task
was an overdue lesson. The absurdity of it all, her initial reluctance, his
long delayed response, it all suddenly struck her as quite comical and she
barely suppressed a giggle. 

&quot;May I speak?&quot;
she asked

He answered with a smile
and a nod.

&quot;Can a girl please
her Master?&quot; 

He grinned at her.&quot;
You already have, and you will continue to, but I won�t be using you again
until after our midnight kiss. Once you wear my collar not before.&quot; At
that moment she relished the thought of him pumping vigorously between her
lips. She longed for it but she wasn�t surprised that he would deny her that,
for now. Her desires delayed yet again. She wasn�t sure she could wait that
long the rope�s scratchy fibers were unsettling and she was having a hard time
keeping still. With great effort her hands remained in place though she was
sorely tempted to adjust the crotch rope.

When next the doorbell
rang it was Joe and Barbara Nickerson. Roger showed them where all the food and
drinks were before ushering them into the living room. Both Joe and Barbara
grinned at the sight of her, they too had seen her
naked before but still the situation brought a flush of shame to Susan�s
cheeks. It was Barbara who produced the long thin gift-wrapped box from her
purse. She handed it to Roger with a broad smile, then
turning to Susan whispered &quot;Happy birthday darlin�.&quot;

Roger unwrapped the box
for her and showed his lover what the Nickerson�s had brought for her. The box
contained a pair of heavy cloverleaf nipple clamps connected with a silver
chain. 

&quot;That will go so
well with her new collar.&quot; Roger commented, &quot;I�m sure she�ll want to
model these for you. Don�t you dear?&quot;

It wasn�t really a
question but Susan nodded yes even as she dreaded what was about to happen.

Barbara knelt in front of
Susan taking her left nipple between thumb and forefinger and twisting and pinching
it while her lips ensnared Sue�s right nipple drawing it in so her tongue could
play across the sensitive nub.

Susan was struggling not
to push her away, Barbara switched sides drawing the left nipple into her mouth
while her fingers teased the engorged right nipple and all Susan wanted to do
now was embrace her friend. Still she remembered to keep her hands behind her
back locked in place by his command and her own struggling self-control.

Joe nudged his wife aside
and held the nipple clamps out for the wide-eyed Susan to see. She watched in
fascination as he squeezed the clamp open, then he grasped her left nipple and
pulled it straight out. She gasped and winced in pain as the clamp closed on
her sensitive flesh. Her eyes remained tightly closed while he repeated the
procedure on her right nipple. Once both clamps were secure he allowed the
chain connecting them to drop. It may have only weighed a few ounces but to
Susan it seemed the weight of the world was tugging on her distended nipples.
The doorbell chimed again, Kim and Sam had returned freshly changed and ready
for the party. They both stopped to admire Sue�s new jewelry 

For the moment they left
her to her suffering while Joe sent Barbara off to fetch him a beer. Susan was
dimly aware of the men discussing piercing they�d like done to their women.
Barbara brought Joe his beer and she and Kim went over to the mantel to admire
the shiny new collar. When Susan turned her head back she found Joe�s throbbing
erection awaiting her attention. 

With a resigned sigh she
drew him in her tongue lightly flickering beneath the fleshy rod. He casually
sipped on his Heineken as the men�s conversation continued without
interruption. His penis was a bit shorter than the other two but it was
monstrously thick and she strained to stretch her lips around it. He also
seemed to have no intention of exerting himself allowing her to move her head
up and down on his rod at a leisurely pace. This was one thing Susan really
disliked about giving head; she had to do all the work.

�Without the use of her hands all she could do
is rock back and forth on her knees her head bobbing up and down the shaft.
Even anal was easier than this, for that she just had to relax and kneel there
while her Master did all the thrusting and pumping. She squeezed her eyes tight
as she licked and sucked, her throat gurgled as she
desperately bobbed her head and swallowed.

That was the scene Erica
and Mathew walked into.

&quot;You didn�t say it
was going to be that kind of party.&quot; Erica smirked and then she spoke
briefly to Mathew, sending him out to the car.

He returned a few moments
later and presented Erica with a springy light riding crop.

&quot;Well don�t stand
there Strip boy!&quot; she snapped at Mathew.

Matt was blushing
furiously as he peeled off his clothes, folded them neatly, and piled them in
the corner of the living room. He returned to kneel shyly by his Mistresses
side unable to hide his excitement.

Sue had been working on
Joe for almost ten minutes, though it seemed like forever to her. He showed
little interest in finishing any time soon. Her jaw was stretched and aching,
her tongue was flickering wildly, and she was silently praying for his release.
Erica went over to greet Roger and the naked Mathew crawled along behind her.
Mathew seemed to be staring at Susan but with a different kind of longing.

Erica presented Roger
with the fine black leather riding crop to use for his pleasure or whenever
Susan needed &quot;correction&quot;. When Erica noticed where Mathew�s
attention had wandered she snapped at him to pay attention. He turned back to
her, eyes wide with fear. She nodded and he dropped to his hands and knees.
With three practiced flicks she stripped his upper back and he whimpered. He
didn�t seem upset at all and he immediately refocused all his attention on
Erica bending low to kiss her boot.

&quot;As you can see it�s most effective, though I�m afraid this one is slightly
used. Mathew, you will apologize for staring at this mans
wife and I�ll deal with you later.&quot;

Mathew apologized humbly
but Roger waved it off saying it was Susan�s night and they should all pay
attention to her. Erica seemed to scowl a bit at those words but did turn the
riding crop over to Roger who placed it on the coffee table next to Susan. 

Joe had finished his beer
and decided it was time to move things along. He grasped the back of Susan�s
head and started pounding into her mouth like a horny jackhammer. She gagged
and sputtered as his balls repeatedly slapped against her chin and her nose was
pressed into his thick patch of pubic hair. Just when she was sure she�d
suffocate he began to cum deep in her throat. She might have gagged that down
but Joe seemed to take perverse pleasure in cumming on, not in, his victim. He
pulled out spurting over her face, hair, and neck. Susan was near tears and
wanted desperately to wipe her face but with a great effort her hands still
remained crossed behind her back. 

Erica came over to
examine her more closely. She tugged on the crotch rope, then
smiled at the nipple clamps lifting the chain and giving it a tug. She squatted
down by the slave. Erica looked with disgust at Susan�s semen splattered face.

&quot;Mathew, get over
here! I�ll not have her licking my pussy while she�s covered in some man's cum!
Clean the slut up for me, and be quick about it.&quot;

Mathew knelt before the
poor abused woman and began to lick her face clean. Susan shuddered, blinking
back tears; this was the sweetest thing that had happened to her since before
the party started tonight. His cat like tongue worked its way across her lips,
her chin, and her cheeks, even following the strands of semen into her hair.
When he started working down her neck she was definitely presenting her breasts
to him, pushing them up toward him and he delicately licked away the traces of
sprayed ejaculate. Susan panted with renewed desire. Before he could lavish any
more attention on them his Mistress intervened.

&quot;Enough
you worthless slut.&quot;
She said.

It was unclear which of
the two she was reprimanding. But Mathew scuttled away on his hands and knees.
His own cock betrayed him and his Mistress glowered at his stiff erection.

&quot;You faithless
little prick. After all I�ve done for you you�d want to dip your little cock in
that worthless slut!&quot; She was smiling as she said it but Mathew hardly
noticed. He was in terror, scuttling back to his Mistress he groveled at her
feet licking her booted feet.

Erica picked up the crop
and laid half a dozen lazy strokes across Matthew�s upturned bottom as he
alternated between yelps and boot licking. 

Erica turned to Roger
crop still in hand. &quot;What about your little bitch? Shall I give the little
slut a taste of the crop?&quot;

Susan turned her eyes
toward her Master while he seemed to weigh the remark. &quot;I think you�re a
little eager Erica. I�ll make sure she feels your present before the evenings
over but for now why don�t you just relax and enjoy her talented tongue.&quot;
Susan was relived but dare not show it.

&quot;You spoil her you
know. If you�d let me have her for a week I�d show you how well trained a slut she
could be&quot;

Roger smiled at Erica but
said nothing. Erica grunted seeming somewhat put off. There were people who
paid a lot of money for what she was offering Roger; he didn�t seem to
appreciate that. Mathew was still worshiping her boots but she pushed him
backward with a raised foot and then advanced on the cowering Susan.

Erica stood in front of
Susan for a few moments then her foot began tapping impatiently. Susan was
puzzled. The woman�s skirt hung to mid thigh and she�d made no move to lift it.
Mathew knelt behind his Mistress, he was trying to give silent instruction
bowing his head and making licking motions with his tongue as if pantomiming a
puppy.

Susan didn�t understand.
She leaned forward and tried to lick the woman�s thigh. 

&quot;Jez! Roger haven�t you taught the bitch anything?&quot; Erica yelped as
she jumped back from the kneeling Susan.

&quot;I�m afraid we�re a
little less formal around here and I�m not really into foot worship.&quot;
Roger explained.

&quot;Now Sue be a good
girl and say you�re sorry. Then ask if you can lick her boots. If you do a real
good job She might allow you to lick her someplace
else.&quot;

After apologizing she was
granted permission to clean the Mistress�s boots and she lavished attention on
the shiny black leather striving desperately to please
the woman. After almost ten minutes Erica hiked up her skirt and sat on the
edge of the coffee table spreading her legs and ordering Susan to begin. 

Susan was a little
hesitant at first, frightened and intimidated by the woman�s authority and
wanting desperately to please Erica and by doing so please her own Master. She
began by tentatively licking her way up Erica�s thigh before running her tongue
teasingly along the length of Erica�s slowly parting lips. Mathew knelt beside
his Mistress looking very distressed, Roger tried to hand him a beer but he
didn�t take it and it sat ignored on the coffee table. His eyes didn�t leave
his Mistress�s face as she softly gasped closing her eyes she seemed to be
purring as Susan�s tongue worked its magic delicately strumming back and forth
across Erica�s thickening nether lips. 

The Mistress had no
patience for such delicate niceties, grabbing hold of Susan�s ears she pressing
herself against the startled captive rubbing and grinding against her mouth as
Sue tirelessly stroked with her tongue.

That was the scene the
Anderson�s walked into. Susan hadn�t even heard the doorbell.

&nbsp;















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  1
  7
  2007-03-18T20:36:00Z
  2007-03-18T20:43:00Z
  8
  2073
  11822
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  98
  27
  13868
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






IV

&quot;Oh My GOD!&quot; Linda shrieked as she took
in the sight of her friend bound and naked lapping away at another woman�s
crotch. Linda seemed ready to turn and run but Steve wrapped his arm around her
shoulder protectively. He was blushing, embarrassed, not so much by what he
saw, but rather by his wife�s reaction to it.

&quot;I
warned you that this party would be a lot wilder than we�re used to.&quot;
Steve grinned weakly. Linda was burying her head behind his shoulder now,
shaking, but her eyes were wide open as she peeked over his sheltering shoulder
and stared into the living room. Susan rocked on her knees busily licking away
as Erica groaned and wiggled her hips.

Linda
allowed herself to be brought into the other room. Roger and Kim joined the
Anderson�s and bits of animated conversation floated back into the living room
over the soft jazz. At least there was no immediate sound of a door slamming.
As the minutes passed the voices lowered and Roger came back into the living
room while Barbara went off to help calm Linda. After a while some giggling was
heard, eventually Linda peeked her head back into the living room to stare at
Sue and Erica.

As
Erica responded to Sue�s ministrations Mathew was becoming distressed. He
crawled back to his Mistress�s side and was nuzzling against her outer thigh
while Susan�s tongue labored to please the demanding woman.

With
mild annoyance Erica ruffled her hand through Matthew�s hair &quot;Oh don�t be
so insecure Mattie. You�re still my baby; I�m just going to have her lick me
for awhile. If you�re very good maybe I�ll let her suck your little cock
too.&quot; Erica turned to Roger.

&quot;Is
that all right? I mean would you make her suck this worthless slave�s
cock?&quot;

Roger
answered with a shrug.

&quot;I
don�t see why not, it is a holiday party. Everyone should enjoy
themselves.&quot;

But
Erica wasn't really interested in his answer, by then she had closed her eyes
and was lost in the sensations that Sue�s busy little mouth was creating.

The
three women who had gathered in the dining room appeared again this time
pushing Linda�s husband Steve out into the living room so they could converse
without any masculine interference. Linda who had finished her second glass of
wine and started on a third was swaying a bit and her words were a little
hesitant, but certainly not slurred, as she called out after her husband.

&quot;You�ll
just have to wait your turn Steve&quot; she giggled before finishing her thought
&quot;I�m going to be in to see the show, so don�t you start without me.&quot;
Kim guided her through a wobbly turn back toward the dining room when she had
finished that rather surprising announcement.

Roger
grinned at this turn of events. It seemed that Kim and Barb had the situation
well in hand. Still it would be good to get the women back in here before the
conversation turned inevitably back toward football, politics, and his very
naked wife, in more or less that order. The giggles from the other room were
interrupted first by howling laughter and then by a bit of conspiratorial
whispering. The men were becoming curious and edged toward the dining room
trying to hear what the three women were up to. They were for the moment
ignoring Susan who was being tightly held in Erica's grip. With her head
trapped Sue felt the beginnings of panic for Erica was pushing her pussy
against her immobilized face and franticly rubbing up and down against her
mouth and nose.

With
a series of grunts and groans Erica shuddered for a few moments then released
her hold on Sue's head. Erica panted trying to gather her composure along with
her breath. &quot;She�s not half bad Roger. I think I could really make you
proud of her if you'd give me a couple weeks with the little slut.&quot; 

Roger
didn�t even acknowledge the idea and Mathew was insistently rubbing against his
mistress's thigh. Erica shoved Matt away harshly and pushed herself up off the
coffee table. &quot;Just for that you can go last you little perv.&quot; Erica angrily shouted but the tearful look on
Matt�s face was enough to melt even her anger and she ruffled his hair with her
left hand. The boy practically glowed with gratitude for her touch.

It
was at that point that the three women re-entered the living room. Barbara and
Kim were topless wearing nothing but their panties, stockings, and shoes. The
men stared appreciatively at the freshly exposed feminine flesh. Linda was not
quite as bold as the others but had bravely stripped down to her bra and
panties and her Husband was amazed that his shy and inhibited wife was willing
to be that daring. Amazing what a little wine and some bad influence will do
for a party he mused to himself.

His
amazement and surprise had barely been tweaked yet. His wife came up behind him
wrapping her arms around his waist and started to clumsily fumble with his belt
from behind. He was pleasantly shocked. He knew this wasn�t like her and
wondered if he should stay her hands or see where this might lead. Curiosity
got the better of him. She managed to open his pants and fish out his growing
penis with her right hand. She circled around to his front without letting go
and started to gently stroke. As he began to stiffen she led her captivated
husband over to the waiting bound slave.

Susan
winced from the strong smell of wine as Linda bent closer to give slightly
slurred instructions on how she was to handle her husband Steve.

&quot;Yous needs to be gentle with him, and nuzzle his balls, hessh likes that, annnd no nippin or biting or I�ll get real mad.&quot; Linda lectured
her finger wavering in Susan�s face. Spying the riding crop resting on the
coffee table she grinned picked it up and added &quot;and I�ll beats your bum, I will!&quot;

Steve
was looking sheepish as his wife made a fool of herself but there was no
denying he was getting very excited. He allowed Linda to pull him forward so
his rigid cock was throbbing inches above Susan�s open mouth His cock was
twitching up and down with each pound of his pulse. If he moved any closer it
would be thumping against her forehead. She knelt up and greeted his penis with
her warm moist tongue tasting the length of him before drawing him in. He
sighed contentedly while she pulled him deeply into her mouth tilting her head
back slightly to open her throat. 

She
realized she was learning from this evening�s experience. Her Master was
teaching her through practice and repetition and she was no longer fighting the
process. While it was by no means the erotic fantasy she would have chosen it
was what he wanted from her and that was good enough for her. She would please
him by pleasing these others. Where her first reaction had been to feel debased
and shamed, those feelings had given way to a sense of familiarity and a
certain satisfaction in her new found skill. She had now passed beyond that. She
was developing a real confidence in her talent and ability. Performing before
an audience left her feeling very slutish but even
that was exciting in a very sensual way. 

She
worked her mouth rapidly over Steve�s shaft while he groaned with pleasure. The
noises he made stirred her to greater effort. Her lips clung to him while she
pulled back nearly allowing his head to pop free. Then she plunged forward
swallowing as she went and he was deep into her throat moaning with lust. 

Susan
was aware that all eyes were on her, watching her perform and rather than
feeling ashamed as she might have when the evening had begun she felt a sense
of pride. She was the conqueror; here on her knees she would take them all on.
It was she who was overcoming her fear, learning to embrace what she had
heretofore suffered through with distaste. In fact the thick fullness filling
her mouth was becoming a rather pleasant sensation.

Steve
grunted and clutched at her head. Within a heart beat
he was cumming filling her mouth as he shoved his way forward blocking her
throat while she desperately tried to swallow. Panic momentarily flickered
through her but she allowed her mind to go blank. She continued to swallow
while her bulging lips slackened a bit and a mouthful of semen dribbled down
her chin dripping between her breasts.

She
continued to suck and swallow as he pulled away. A thin string of sticky fluid
stretched between them for a moment then broke. Susan looked up shyly; they
were all gathered around staring down at her in awed silence. She knelt before
them cum dripping down her chin with a sly smile on her face. She knew for a
fact every cock in the room was stirring with desire. She felt incredibly
sluttish and paradoxically proud of the fact.

&quot;God
damn&quot; Roger exclaimed, &quot;She sucked him off in just two minutes, three
tops.&quot; His voice was filled with surprise and admiration. His proud
proclamation made her wet and excited, if her hands were free she might have
allowed them to drift down between her parted thighs. It wasn�t an overwhelming
urge so there was no danger of her breaking her discipline, yet.

&quot;Yeah
but Steve�s just easy&quot; Joe chided, &quot;Bet she couldn�t get me off that
quick.&quot;

&quot;Well
she just did you Joe. You�re not a kid anymore; maybe you ought to wait a while
to make it fair for her.&quot; Barbara chimed in. Besides we
women deserve our turn.

Barbara
and Kim ended up tossing a coin to see who would be first. Linda declined but
her husband was working hard to persuade her. Kim won the coin flip and slid
out of her panties, stretching out on the coffee table without the least bit of
embarrassment. Susan seemed unaware of the crowd that gathered around to watch.
She approached her friends wide spread thighs with a rapt attention. Her tongue
darted out and Sue started to lick and nibble her way toward the hairless
cleft. As Sues tongue licked and teased her friends pouting nether lips Kim was
squirming and moaning. Susan�s tongue began to rapidly thrust in and out and
Kim had her clenched right fist in her mouth and was biting down trying to
suppress the shuddering scream that was building. Roger spoke up.

&quot;Slow
down girl!&quot; he ordered &quot;Don�t be in such a rush, let her enjoy
herself. Let�s all enjoy the show.&quot;

Susan
responded immediately, her tongue withdrawing and returning to the teasing
licks. Kim was able to draw a faltering breath, and then another. Her hips
continued to rock while Susan�s sweet tongue slowly worked on Kim's smooth
hairless cleft, but now long, smooth, lingering strokes were caressing her
gapping nether lips. Kim became more relaxed coming down from her nearly
climactic experience and for now Sue kept her friend aroused without driving
her back toward that precipice.

It
was an incredibly intense sight for the five men and three ladies who had
gathered to watch. Kim was stretched out languidly across the low table. Her
generous breasts pointing up toward the ceiling rose and fell with each
shuddering breath. Her feet were planted on either side of Susan and her hips
tilted slightly as they rocked to a rhythm dictated by her desire. Susan for
her part knelt between those gently swaying hips bent forward with her tongue
darting and her hands still clasped obediently behind her back. Those hands
might have been better used teasing Kim�s nipples or even to support herself as she bent to her task but that was not what Roger
would allow. Susan bent precariously over her friend, her own pleasingly curved
bottom temptingly exposed, clad in nothing more than a thin scratchy rope
thong.

Roger
eventually decided it was time to move things along. He knelt down behind Sue
and she sensed more than felt his presence. Her bottom squirmed seductively as
if searching for his touch. Roger had no intention of disappointing her. He
cupped his right hand and rubbed it against her bottom moving in a clockwise
circle that covered both cheeks. Sue was whimpering as she licked at Kim�s
thick wet lips. Roger drew his hand back and for a timeless moment all was
motionless and silent. Sue ceased her ministrations and strained for her
master�s touch, Kim wiggled her hips waiting for Sue to begin again and Rogers
hand swept forward in a powerful arc.

Flesh
met flesh with a resounding crack. The cupped palm striking against her firm
bottom was so much louder than a flat hand. A muffled cry escaped Susan lips as
she was driven forward by the force of the blow.

&quot;No
one told you to take a break,&quot; Roger declared as he brought his hand down
across Susan�s rump again. Susan squealed and again lunged forward from the
blow. Her tongue was now deeply embedded in her friend and Kim gasped with
pleasure. Roger struck again and Sue let out another muffled yelp. Roger
started to alternate between her cheeks, left then right then left again. The
blows were firm, evenly spaced and hard enough to leave bright red palm prints
that soon were overlapping. Each time she was struck Sue was driven forward her
tongue penetrating Kim, but within a heartbeat Sue pressed herself back
offering her bottom for the next slap.

It
was nothing compared to the sharp blows Mistress Erica had laid across Mathew�s
shoulder with the crop. Those distinct stripes were still an angry dark red,
though Mathew seemed quite inured to that type of harsh discipline. Sue�s
bottom bucked and twisted under the blows Roger was administering. They left
her cheeks glowing a bright red broken only by the
tight ropes that traversed her bottom. A few dozen loud smacks on Sue's bottom
was all it took to drive Kim over the brink and she came with a screech,
squeezing her legs together and trying to push Sue�s head away with her hands.

Kim
lay gasping for a few moments then rose on unsteady legs. It turned out that
Kim was a bit of a squirter, and left a fair size
puddle behind. Kim might have felt a little embarrassed by that, but it was her
best friend Sue who was forced to lick the puddle clean. After a few minutes
Roger relented and used a hand towel to finish drying off the tabletop. 

After
that display Barbara was eager for a chance to take Kim's place. 

&nbsp;















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  3
  15
  2007-03-18T20:58:00Z
  2007-03-18T21:18:00Z
  5
  2480
  14137
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  117
  33
  16584
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






V


&nbsp;

Sue
straightened, kneeling back, so she rested on her haunches. The throbbing heat
from her well-slapped bottom had diffused into a pleasant warm glow. Her naked
heels pressing against her ass cheeks were contrasting points of coolness that
only emphasized the lingering heat. The rope that was pulled deep between her
cheeks and rubbed against her splayed pussy lips was a continuous irritation.
Both sensations only added to her frustration, but there was no denying the
hemp was getting quite damp.&nbsp; 

Susan
was aware that everyone was watching her, and she tried to keep her eyes
lowered. The temptation was hard to resist and, despite her resolve, she cast
occasional glances up at her audience. She was proud that she'd become a
fascinating object of entertainment, serving for their pleasure and that of her
master.&nbsp;

She
could do them all, as often as they liked. There would be no stopping her. She
would claim her collar and wear it proudly. Slowly and quite deliberately Sue
wiggled her hips as she ran her tongue across her lips moistening them and
causing an audible sigh from one of the guests. Sue was definitely performing
for the crowd and enjoyed being the center of attention. Then her glance fell
upon Roger, his carefully controlled, neutral, expression was enough to warn
her that something was wrong and she instinctively lowered her eyes.&nbsp;

Damn
it she was only doing this for him. What could be his problem?&nbsp;

Roger
bent down beside her and whispered briefly in her ear.&nbsp;

&quot;Pride
is a dangerous emotion, for a collared slave.&quot;&nbsp;

Sue
felt as if she'd been physically jerked backward. Was it a warning? A rebuke? How the hell did he even know what she was
feeling? A shudder ran through her body. Not for the first time she thought he
might know her a little bit too well. Her smugness and confidence were stripped
away by those few words. A sob caught in her throat, and she lowered her head,
refocusing all her attentions on performing the tasks he'd assigned for the
evening.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


Barbara
wiggled out of her panties and stretched out across the coffee table in front
of Sue. She squirmed on the wooden surface trying to get comfortable. Sue
dutifully hurried forward on her knees, bent down, and began to lick and kiss
her way up Barbara's thigh. After enduring a few dozen teasing licks Barb decided
she wanted to lie on something more comfortable. &nbsp;

She
pushed Sue back, stood up and crossed the room and looking over the available
furniture. She spied a brownish leather hassock serving as a footstool in front
of the smaller couch. Barb dragged the ottoman away from the love seat and out
into the center of the room. It was upholstered with a smooth rich leather the
color of a dark burgundy Barbara rubbed her hand over the glossy surface. &nbsp;

&quot;You
don't mind do you Roger?&quot; she asked.&nbsp;

&quot;Be
my guest.&quot; Roger answered with a pleasant nod. &nbsp;

Barbara
knelt and dropped down to her hands and knees crouching over the leather bench.
She sighed as her swaying breasts brushed softly across the curved top. &nbsp;

&quot;Come
on Sue, do your thing girl.&quot; Barb said.&nbsp;

Barbara
wiggled her rump up in the air while snuggling her breast down toward the
ottoman. She forcefully pressed her nipples against the cool leather surface
feeling them stiffen at the contact. &nbsp;

Sue
hobbled across to the ottoman on her knees with her hands still clasped
obediently behind her back. The rest of the group followed behind to watch her
next performance. When she arrived at her destination Susan impishly planted a
big wet kiss on her girlfriends left butt cheek. Barbara giggled and spread her
legs a bit wider. Susan bent again to lick her friend. Her tongue didn't zero
in on Barb's sex though; instead she explored down the crevice of her bottom
lingering for a moment before delving into the pouting rosebud of her asshole.
Barbara squirmed in a most delightful way.&nbsp;

&quot;Oh
God! Fuck! Don't stop
that. Joe! Get over here I need your cock! Now!&quot;&nbsp;

While
Sue's tongue swirled in tight circles trying to pry open her girlfriend's
sensitive little hole, Joe hurried over to his wife. He was in front of her;
pants down, hard and erect, by the time Barb raised her head. Without a moment�s
hesitation Barbara lips slid over his pulsing erection as she swallowed him
down. While the others watched mesmerized the threesome developed its own
natural rhythm. First Joe would thrust into Barb's mouth with a hearty grunt.
This would force his wife back against Sue's tongue and Sue would dutifully
delve deeper, penetrating the tight ring of muscle with her tongue. Barb's hips
would wiggle for a moment and then she would pitch forward as Joe�s cock pulled
away. Then the whole sequence was repeated as Joe rammed his cock deep into
Barb's throat. Barbara was sighing and gurgling with delight as she desperately
swallowed her husband's throbbing cock and she enjoyed in the delectable
reaming she was receiving from Sue's dancing tongue which was gently opened her
reticent asshole. &nbsp;

&nbsp;&quot;Looks
to good to pass up, Do ya
mind Roger?&quot; Kim said as she sank to her knees behind Sue. Roger didn't
say a word and Kim took that for an �OK�.&nbsp;

It
was never Roger�s intention for the party to devolve into an orgy. He�d only
thought to teach his wife a little humility and perhaps have her sharpen her
oral skills. Still the scene was becoming quite entertaining even if it wasn�t
exactly how he�d seen things turning out.&nbsp;

Kim
stroked Sue's bottom kissing and licking along the glowing red splotches that
still decorated her perfect little ass. One hand teasingly tugged at the crotch
rope and Sue groaned as the two knots rubbed against her sensitive flesh. Kim
ran her fingers along the rope. &nbsp;

&quot;God
she's got it soaking wet.&quot; Kim exclaimed as she worked her fingers past
the improvised hemp thong.&nbsp;

Susan
face flushed a deep red with Kim's announcement, but she had more pressing
problems than a little embarrassment. Sue was squirming with irritable
discomfort as Kim's fingers worked their way between the ropes that were
precisely positioned to tease, torment, and frustrate her two most vulnerable
openings. As fingers wormed between the ropes poking into Sue's pussy the
stretched hemp chaffed against the inner lips of her sex. Susan groaned with
true anguish, and then Kim's tongue was bathing her heated ass cheeks with wide
wet swaths that cooled the throbbing heat from her spanking and left her senses
both confused and frustrated.&nbsp;

Joe
was the driving force of this human chain pushing into Barbara's throat as he
literally fucked his wife's face. Kim, kneeling behind Sue had dropped one hand
down for stability while she continued to lick Sue's inflamed ass cheeks and
toy with the nasty scratchy rope cinch.&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
even dream of cumming slut! You know I'm not about to allow that to
happen.&quot; Roger growled at Sue.&nbsp;

�At
least not till next year.&quot; he smirked, even though that was an ancient New
Years Eve joke.&nbsp;

Susan
whimpered and groaned as tears ran down her cheeks. She was being buffeted
between her two friends trying to stay up on her knees and not use her hands.

Sam
couldn't help but notice that Kim's bottom was swaying seductively as she
pumped forward and back in response to Joe's thrusts at the far end of this
human chain. Sam grinned at Roger then knelt behind his wife and took a firm
grip on her hips. 

&nbsp;&quot;Yess�&quot; Kim hissed.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Sam
drove hard and deep into her sopping pussy. He thrust in and out a few times
before he and Joe reached an equilibrium. The men
formed the propulsion of a fast pumping seesaw, with the women being ridden at
either end and poor Sue the teetering fulcrum on which the entire chain
balanced. Kim released her grip on the hemp thong and dropped both hands to the
ground to steady herself. She was on hands and knees,
her head and shoulders sliding forward over Sue�s bottom, her breasts slapped
against Sue's butt each time Sam drove into her. Kim
continued to whisper &quot;Yes!&quot; with each stroke. Through it all Susan
continued to work her tongue on Barb and maintain a precarious balance without
using her hands.

The
Anderson's watched with a mixture of shock, fascination and (at least in
Steve�s case) admiration. Erica was nearly drooling as she tapped her right
fist against her flank in time with the thrusts. It was as if she imagined she
was still holding the crop. Mathew was no longer on his knees but standing a
respectful pace behind his wife and looking past her toward the tangled human
chain with a wistful grin. Roger looked on with a neutral gaze studying Sue and
ignoring everyone else.

Sam
pulled all the way out of Kim and she groaned with disappointment. Then she
felt his slippery cock pressing a little higher searching for a tighter
opening. 

&quot;No!
Not there, you bastard!&quot; She cried as he slowly pressed forward.

With
steady pressure and a firm grip on Kim's hips Sam pressed ahead. Kim's
resistance collapsed and he slipped deep into her bottom.

&quot;Yes
damn it!� Kim screamed �Harder!� and Sam was only too happy to
oblige.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Joe's
thrusts were becoming erratic and the chain was beginning to come undone. With
a wild bellow he jerked his cock out of Barbara's mouth. He wrapped his right
fist around it; squeezing tight to hold back his ejaculation. His left hand
twisted into Barb�s hair and he jerked her head down. With a grunt he released
a thick stream of semen across the back of her neck then pulled her head up
twisting it from left to right and spewing out a thick band of ejaculate that
formed a complete circle around her neck. &nbsp;

Barbara
was used to Joe�s artistic bent. She kept her eyes tightly shut and her neck
loose and limber, while he splattered his seed around her neck. When he was
finished he hauled her head up higher, proudly displaying his creation for the
others to admire. Barb�s sigh seemed to betray just a hint of pride within her
resignation.&nbsp;

The
dripping necklace wasn�t destined to last long though. Barbra�s hips had
pressed down against the leather ottoman. Sue�s tongue had lost its place in
the fray. When Joe released his grip on Barbara�s hair she fell to the hassock
and Sue�s body slide forward along Barb�s back. Kim was buffeted up and over Sue
as she was slammed forward by Sam�s enthusiastic assault. &nbsp;

Sam
came moments later, shuddering as he emptied himself deep in Kim�s ass then
pulling back letting his semen drip from her stretched bottom.

The
girls remained a panting, tangled stack on the hassock. Barbara on the bottom
of the pile had collapsed under the weight, limply slumped against the leather
surface. Sue was sandwiched between her two girlfriends, her face smeared with
semen from the back of Barb�s neck, and Kim was sprawled across Sue�s back like
a sated lover. Through it all Susan had managed to keep her hands clasped
together behind her back.&nbsp;

�Well
that was cute.� Erica smirked.&nbsp;

The
three women slowly separated, Kim stood up, and feeling the trickle of liquid
down her legs, darted off toward the bathroom. Roger held out a hand for Sue
helping her to once more kneel up straight. Barb at last was able to stagger
off the hassock and quickly followed after Kim, eager to get cleaned up.&nbsp;

There
were a few spots left on the leather where Barb�s neck had rested. Roger nodded
to them meaningfully.&nbsp; Susan understood what was required and bent to lick
the hassock clean.&nbsp;

Erica
turned toward Linda.&nbsp;

�You�re
next you know luv. Poor little Matty
won�t get his blow job unless Sue licks you silly. You�re not going to be a
party pooper are you? I mean Mathew would be so disappointed.�&nbsp;

Linda
turned a bright purple, her mouth opening and closing, but she was too shocked
to know what to say. She looked about for her husband but Steve was off talking
to Joe and hadn�t heard a thing. It was Roger who came to her rescue.&nbsp;

�Don�t
worry Linda, nobody expects you to do anything you�re not comfortable with. I
think you and Steve are real troupers just for showing up.�

&nbsp;He
gave Linda a reassuring pat on the shoulder then turned to Erica.&nbsp;

�Erica
have you and Matt ever been invited to the local Munch?� He asked as he headed
toward the dining room. Erica took the bait and followed along behind, leaving
the flustered Linda alone.&nbsp;

�We
meet every third Sunday for a brunch; it�s an informal get together for people
into the scene. We just meet and chat at a local restaurant; but once you get
to know some folks there are usually some play parties afterward.� Roger was
laying it on thick and Erica had already forgotten all about teasing Linda.&nbsp;

Sue
was straining to hear the conversation as she licked the last droplets off the
leather. She didn�t even realize Linda had squatted down next to her until she
spoke.&nbsp;

�You
must really love him to do all this.� Linda said gesturing vaguely toward the
hassock.&nbsp;

Susan
finished licking the leather clean then straightened back up. The chain between
her nipple clamps made soft tinkling sound in the silence as Susan thought how
best to answer. She looked into Linda�s eyes and saw only genuine curiosity and
innocence. &nbsp;&nbsp;

�Well
of course I love him Linda, but that�s not really the point. Well at least it�s
not the whole point. When I follow his commands it makes me feel needed, loved,
and safe. I do it because I want to; I mean it�s almost like I need to. Am I
making any sense?�&nbsp;

Linda�s
wide eyes had riveted on the cloverleaf clamps hanging from Sue�s tightly
squeezed nipples. It was almost as if she hadn�t heard a word. She lifted the
clamps from below taking up the chain�s weight for the moment. 

&nbsp;�Do
they hurt terribly?� she asked.&nbsp;

Susan
winced as the movement of the pinching metal sent fresh waves of pain coursing
through her fiercely pinched nipples.&nbsp;

�Yes!�
she hissed through gritted teeth.

Linda
squeezed the clamps open.&nbsp;

�Better?�
she asked.&nbsp;

Susan
squeezed her eyes tight as blooded pounded back into the previously numb flesh
painfully distending her tender nipples. Each beat of her pulse sent fresh
waves of agony coursing from her breasts to her belly. Linda, oblivious to what
was happening, leaned forward; perhaps she was going to hug or maybe even kiss
Sue. Whatever her intention might have been the clamp that she was holding open
poked against Susan�s sensitive areola. Sue yelped as she struggled not to
double over in pain.&nbsp;

�Oh
god, I�m sorry.� Linda cried, �I was only trying to help. Doesn�t it make you
feel better?�&nbsp;

Susan
spoke haltingly as the fresh pain threatened to overwhelm her.&nbsp;

�Hurts,
pains, pins, needles, Oh God, it hurts more.� 

Tears
were streaming down Sue�s face. Linda did what seemed to make sense to her. If
opening the clamps made it hurt more, then there was only one thing to do. The
nipple clamps snapped shut once more.

&nbsp;The
shriek of pain might have been heard down the street and it brought everyone
racing back to the living room. Kim and Barbara scurried from the bathroom
while Steve, Joe, and Sam turned from their beer and conversation to see what
the problem was. Roger brushed past Erica and nearly knocked Matt over as he
rushed back into the room.

If
Linda had been tipsy before, Susan�s scream had sobered her. Linda was rocking
on her knees her arms wrapped around Sue�s shoulders, hugging her as she
babbled a confused apology. &nbsp;

�OH
God! Sue, I�m sorry! I didn�t mean it! Please I�m sorry! I didn�t know.� Linda
was shedding more tears than Sue.&nbsp;

Sue
had turned pale white. She was whimpering like a wounded animal as she clutched
her injured nipples. Her tear filled eyes sought out her lover. Susan saw the
look of concern in his eyes as he dashed though the door. 

&nbsp;And
then she saw it fade. She was suddenly aware that her hands were clutching her
breasts. Roger lowered his eyes shaking his head. She knew without a word
spoken that the evening, the collar, her hopes, were all over. 

&nbsp;She
had failed him. She had failed his test. It was finished.

&nbsp;Roger
was beside her now; he pulled out a pocket knife and slipped it between her
breasts. Sue was numbly shaking her head in protest.

&nbsp;Linda
shrieked at the sight of the knife.&nbsp;

�No
Roger, don�t! It wasn�t her fault! I did it. It was my fault! All my fault!� 

&nbsp;Linda
didn�t realize exactly what was happening but she knew it wasn�t what Susan
wanted and she really felt it was all her fault. She wanted to make it right
somehow. She was unable to believe that she couldn�t.&nbsp; &nbsp;

&nbsp;
Sue watched in frozen disbelief as the knife sliced through the hemp and the
rope binding her breasts fell away. She sobbed hopelessly as the finality of
her failure was driven home.

&nbsp;�You
can go get some clothes on Sue.� Roger said quietly as the shiny blade slipped
between her hip and the rope belt. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  2
  198
  2007-03-18T21:01:00Z
  2007-03-18T21:01:00Z
  13
  2210
  12597
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  104
  29
  14778
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






VI

&nbsp;

Susan
was in a panic. The entire evening was falling apart so fast she could hardly
catch her breath. It just wasn�t fair! She�d done everything he�d wanted of her,
willingly. How could he expect her not to react when her breasts were being viciously
mauled? 

Roger
had sliced through the ropes binding her breasts without a moment�s hesitation.
She felt the cold metal of the blade press against her hip then slip under her
crotch rope. Sue wanted to scream, to protest, and to keep this from happening.
Her mind was churning furiously and time slowed nearly to a standstill.

She
knew he had made his decision and there was nothing she could do to change his
mind. If she protested that this was all Linda�s fault, not hers, he would
greet those words with contempt. Her hope, her only hope, was to beg for his
forgiveness, for another chance. The problem was she wasn�t going to be given
the time to make that plea. The sharp edge of the blade was turning away from
her flesh and she felt the rope tighten.

�Yellow light, Master!� 

The
words tumbled out of her mouth before she could think it through. Susan had
gone seven years without using her safe words, now she�d used them twice in one
evening. Worse yet, that was not what safe words were
meant for. She was abusing them. She knew it and so did he. Still if ever a
scene needed a �time out� to be talked through now was the time.

It
worked. Roger froze; the blade still cold against her hip. The cutting edge
still pressed against her hemp belt and she sucked her belly in to keep the
pressure off the rope. She had definitely caught him off guard. She was being
given her chance but she had to convince him quickly or that chance would slip
away. 

Linda
was still clinging to her trying to undo the damage she�d caused.

��It was my fault Roger, please don�t hurt
her.� Linda sobbed.

That
wasn�t at all helpful so Sue gave Linda a reassuring kiss on the cheek before
gently but firmly pushing her away.

�Hush
now Linda, everything will be all right.� Sue said soothingly, with a confidence
she didn�t feel.

�Then she turned to face her husband. 

�Master,
I know I don�t deserve it. I�ve made too many mistakes, but if you�d allow me I
would beg for a chance to keep trying. I want to please you. I want to make YOU proud. I may never be worthy of your collar, but if it pleases you, I
will strive to do better. May I beg you for another chance, Sir?�

��� The words came out in a tumble, spoken
quickly without a breath or a pause. She hadn�t thought them through but even
as she spoke them she realized every one of them was profoundly true. She was totally
his, and she wanted to be his even more completely. She could only hope that he
understood and wanted the same. Sue lowered her eyes and waited.

��� Time remained at a standstill and she hardly
dared to breath. At last she felt the knife flatten against her skin then slide
away. Sue drew a breath, unwilling to risk a glance at Roger�s face. She heard
the �snick� of the pocket knife folding and felt the heavy weight of time
passing as she waited for her lover�s judgment.

��� �Those words were not given to you so you
could manipulate me, Sue. Make sure that this never happens again.�

��� �Yes Master.�

��� There was another long pause and Sue glanced
up at his face. She shouldn�t have bothered; it was an emotionless mask that
revealed nothing.

��� �You need to be punished.� He said at last.

��� Sue sighed, her body relaxed, joy flooded
back into her soul. She�d been granted a reprieve. She knew she didn�t deserve
this chance, but he�d given her a break, he truly loved her and would give her
yet another chance. She hardly considered what her punishment might be. She�d
earned it.� Whether or not her breaking
discipline justified a punishment was a moot point, she definitely deserved one
for abusing her �safe word�.�  �������

��No Roger, don�t hurt her! I�m the one who
deserves to be punished. This is entirely my fault.� Linda cried.

Both
Roger and Sue turned and stared open mouthed at Linda. They�d been so tightly focused
on each other that they�d forgotten all about the others. Roger might have been
startled by the interruption but he quickly recovered. Linda was his guest, (and
a neophyte) so his response was calm and tempered. A grin spread briefly across
his face.

�Linda,
it�s very sweet of you to try and protect Susan, but I�m sure this is something
best worked out between Sue and me. As for whether you deserve punishment that
is something you need to take up with Steve. It�s not really up to me or
Susan.�

Linda
looked away, blinking back tears. Her evening had been a series of startling new
experiences. The prim and proper Linda now found herself kneeling next to
Susan, clad only in her bra and panties. She was flustered, anxious, nervous, but
feeling an excitement that she knew she should deny. Linda wondered just how far
this night might take her. Her eyes sought out Steve who had been following the
conversation and he now stared back at his wife with a frank, speculative, gaze.
Linda lowered her eyes and blushed.

Roger
turned back to Susan. Susan was still on her knees. Her hands were cradling her
breasts, her fingers bearing the weight of the nipple clamps that had been so
rashly snapped back into place. Roger squeezed the clamps open, lifted them
away, and slipped the pair, chain and all, into his pocket. Susan barely
whimpered. 

�Since
it seems your tits are what got you into this mess, it�s only fair that they
take the brunt of your punishment.� 

Roger�s
words cut through Susan�s euphoria and she realized this wasn�t going to be
easy. Linda gasped about to protest again, but Susan caught her eye and shook
her head vigorously. Linda remained silent. 

Roger
picked up the riding crop from the coffee table and flexed it once then snapped
it hard against the back of his hand. Like any new instrument he needed to
assess its bite. It smarted quite nicely and he grunted with satisfaction.

�Kneel
up straight girl, and hold those tits out for me.� Roger snapped at Sue.

�You�ll
hold them in place; Hold them up firmly and keep your fingers out of the way. I
think a dozen stripes will help to keep your mind focused.� 

Linda
looked on in horror and wasn�t able to control herself 

�Please
Roger, don�t do this! She doesn�t deserve to be punished. Really it was my
fault.�

Roger
turned; his grim stare silenced Linda and she shrank back. She was beginning to
try his patience. Still she was his guest, and this was all very new to her so
he tried to be patient and instructive.

�Susan,
explain why you are being punished.� He snapped.

Susan
took a deep breath. She�d endured a lot this evening, and was about to suffer a
punishment she wasn�t sure she could handle. Now she had to explain it all to
her friend. These next moments might actually turn out to be the most
humiliating part of the whole evening.� 

����Linda, when I broke discipline, when I let my
hands go and grabbed my nipples, I lost the chance to wear my collar. That was
all; I�d have gotten another chance when Roger was ready to let me try again.� 

Susan
paused and looked over at Roger. Her next words were a confession to him and an
admission of guilt to everyone there. Susan was blushing now as she haltingly continued.

�But
I was greedy, Linda, I wanted the collar, and I wanted it tonight. I broke a
trust. I used words that were meant to protect me; I used them to try to
manipulate Roger. I was wrong. I�m sorry Roger, and I accept my punishment. It
has nothing to do with you Linda.� 

Susan�s
face was scarlet as she finished this embarrassing confession. Even as she
spoke the words she realized she had really gained nothing. Roger hadn�t
promised her another chance. All she�d won by her cleaver ploy was the promise
of a painful punishment. Susan wanted to squeeze her eyes shut and fade into
the floor but she knelt up, holding out her breasts, bravely waiting for her
husband to begin. 

�So
you see,� Roger said pointing the riding crop at Susan. �That is why she is
going to be punished.� 

He
turned and pointed the crop at Linda. �Whether you need to be punished is not
my call.� She shrank back from his gesture trembling with fright. 

�If
you want, you can watch, if not you and Steve can go in the other room. This
won�t take long and I do hope you�ll stay.�

Linda
looked for Steve, her eyes pleading and he came to stand beside her. He held a
hand out to her but she remained on her knees and in the end he simply stood
above her holding her shoulder. She must have found some comfort in that, for
she snuggled back against him and reached up to hold his hand. 

�We�ll
stay.� Steve said tersely. 

Roger
addressed his next remarks to Susan.

�You
aren�t being punished for trying to manipulate me, dear.� Susan looked up puzzled.
Then Roger smiled at her and she knew everything would be all right. 

�It�s
because you were successful that you will suffer my love. Now be a brave little
slut and try not to scream.� 

He
was truly relenting she thought. She was going to be given another chance. He would
be brutal, but he was loving too. She swore to herself
that she would wear his collar before this evening was through. She knew she
was about to suffer as she had never suffered before. Joy and terror struggled
to claim her mind. He held the tip of the riding crop out gently tracing it
over the top of her breast and she bent her head to kiss the leather. 

Roger
raised the riding crop and Susan turned her head away. She felt the breeze,
heard the whistle as it cut through the air, and then heard the sickening
thwack as the leather encased rod bit into her soft flesh. 

Then
came the pain.

Oh
God! It was worse than anything. She tried not to move. She tried to be brave. The
pain was just too intense! She yelped and hopped about on her knees and started
to pull away. Roger struck again quickly not giving her a chance to react. The
crop slashed against her left breast five more times in rapid succession and
all Susan could manage was one long scream. Then as she sobbed Roger crossed in
front of her, taking his position on her right side. Without a word he gripped
her shoulder firmly, pulled her up so she is kneeling straight again then raised
the crop once more. She looked up at him her tear-filled eyes silently pleading
and this time she saw the crop fall. The agony exploded across her breast and
she wailed in anguish. He ignored her screech of pain and laid the remaining
stripes on her right breast in rapid succession. The agony multiplied with each
blow, but she managed not to pass out.

And
then, as quickly as it started it was over. No one said a thing. Even Erika was
silenced by the speed and intensity of Susan�s punishment. Susan sobbed quietly
as she knelt back on her heals, her trembling hands still supporting her
throbbing breasts. Roger let the crop drop onto the coffee table, turned on his
heels and strode off to the dining room.

Susan
watched him retreat. She wanted to call out to him. How could he do this to her?
Beat her like this and then just leave. He couldn�t be that angry with her, she
was sure. She stifled a groan and wiped tears from her eye. When she looked
down at her breasts she knew the puffy red stripes would be there for weeks. 

No
one knew what to do and the other couples were becoming uncomfortable. Then
Roger strode back into the room as if nothing was amiss. He carried a cloth
napkin, a glass of water and a handful of dripping ice cubes.

Roger
handed Susan the water and she gulped it down gratefully. He sat on the edge of
the coffee table, gestured to Susan, and she slid closer. He dropped the ice
cubes into the glass and set it beside himself.

��Hands on top of your head.�
He ordered, but his voice was soft and gentle.

Susan
promptly obeyed him though it strained her aching breasts to be stretched taut.
He pulled a lone ice cube from the glass and began to trace each new made welt.
Susan shuddered and moaned aloud as the melting ice dribbled down her throbbing
flesh. He used the cloth napkin to collect the droplets as they ran beneath her
breasts. She was gasping from the overwhelming sensations. She bent to kiss the
hand that had wielded the crop and now was busy soothing her burning flesh.

Between
deep shivering breaths Susan�s eyes wandered. She studied Roger for a moment
then the other men in the room. Though she tried not to stare, the tell tale
bulges spoke eloquently of the lust her torment and suffering had aroused. The
women were more difficult to read. Erica looked on with what seemed to be pure delight.
Kim and Barbara�s reactions were more complex. They seemed to be caught up in a
mixture of fear, pity, and something more, an admiration perhaps, or envy. In
any event they seemed to silently speculate on the question of just how well
they would fare under such treatment.

Linda�s
reaction was even more wide ranging. She was sure, despite Susan�s insistence
to the contrary, that she was the cause of this punishment. Linda was completely
taken aback by the overwhelming speed and ferocity of Susan�s chastisement. The
fact that no one else, not even Susan, seemed to object was disconcerting. It
seemed to her the penalty was unjust and totally out of proportion, yet as she
looked at the evidence of punishment etched upon Susan�s flesh Linda felt a
strange stirring. She looked from Susan, to Roger, to Steve and then back at
Susan.� ���

�It
should have been me.� She whispered kneeling by her husband.

�It
really should have been me Steven.� She insisted a bit louder.

�I
was the one who caused all this. It�s not fair that Susan should be beaten for
something I did.� 

Linda
avoided looking at Roger because at the moment she was truly terrified of his
reaction. She looked instead up into her husband�s gentle face. She was near
tears herself and she seemed to be pleading, but he hardly dared speculate as
to what she wanted. Her grip on his arm became painfully tight as she pulled
him down closer.

�Really
Steve, I�m the one who should be punished.� 

Steven
looked into his wife�s eyes. She was trembling on her knees before him clad
only in her pale green bra and panties, asking to be punished. This was the
woman who for over a decade had insisted the lights be turned out before they
made love. 

�All
right dear, if that�s what you want.�

He
shook his head ruefully and pulled away from her clutching hand. Boy he was
glad they decided to come to this party. He crossed to the coffee table and
reached for the riding crop sitting next to Roger. Roger�s hand held it in
place.

�That�s
something you�d want to work up to Steve.� He said pleasantly. �I think we have
a nice wooden handled hairbrush in the bathroom; Linda would you mind fetching
that for Steve? It�s the second door on the left from the top of the stairs.�� 

� ����

&nbsp;

��

�

&nbsp;















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  2
  14
  2007-04-02T15:52:00Z
  2007-04-02T15:52:00Z
  5
  2560
  14598
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  121
  34
  17124
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






��������������������� � ���������� �VII

Linda took the stairs two at a
time. When she reached the top, she stopped. She was panting and gasping as she
leaned back against the wall, she could barely stand. Fear and excitement had
tied her belly into knots and her legs trembled. She wished Steven was here
holding her hand, lending her his strength, his sweet voice reassuring her.
Then again, she thought, she might really want to feel his strong hand
somewhere else. Maybe leading her to a chair, draping her over his lap, his
hand raised and ready over her quivering backside. Perhaps she needed to hear
his stern voice, scolding her for being a silly prude, for hurting Susan, or
just for being a bad little girl. Linda shivered at the thought. 

Then there was Roger, he�d just
told her to �go fetch us the hairbrush�, ordering her about like she was his to
command, and there was no denying that she�d jumped to obey him. He�d always
seemed such a perfect gentleman, now she knew that was all a sham.

God, he was terrifying! What he�d
done to Susan was just awful, yet Susan didn�t seem to care. If anything it
seemed to make her adore him all the more. It was all very confusing, but Linda
was sure of one thing. She knew she wanted it to be Steven, not Roger, who
dealt out her punishment. 

Even as that thought crossed her
mind, Linda realized she really did want to be punished. No, maybe it wasn�t
that exactly, maybe what she wanted was to experience being punished. She was
sure she would hate the pain and the embarrassment; she was equally sure that
she deserved it. A small part of her might even crave it. Right there in front
of everyone, the humiliation and shame adding to her pain as she was forced to
present her bottom for a brisk paddling at the hands of her lover. The very
thought of it was making her hot. It made no sense but it was all too real. The
damp spot on her panties attested to that.

Linda pushed herself away from the
wall and headed down the hall on shaky legs. She found the bathroom with no
problem and there, sitting on the back of the vanity was a wooden hairbrush.
She stared at it for a long moment before reaching out to pick it up. Absently,
she plucked a few stray hairs from the bristles then turned it over. The
polished wood gleamed wickedly. Had Susan ever felt it on her bottom? The
handle was about six inches long smooth and rounded slightly to fit snugly in
ones hand. The back of the brush was oval, creating a smooth hard paddle some
eight inches long and maybe three inches wide at its widest point.

It was made of a dark polished
wood. It rested in her hand so naturally she could hardly think of how Steven
planned to use it. Linda looked at herself in the mirror, frightened, tearful,
half dressed, and holding a hairbrush at arm�s length as if it were some dangerous
animal intent on biting her. 

Linda smiled at herself and shook
her head. She ran the brush through her hair for a few strokes, just to
reassure herself that life could be normal again and sometimes a hairbrush
would still be used for brushing hair.

Linda looked into the mirror once
more, rubbed a stray tear from her cheek and turned toward the door. It took
more courage than she felt she possessed to take that first step, the second
was easier. Before she knew it she was headed toward the staircase. She walked
with the slow deliberate pace of the condemned; the brush now held behind her
back, as she started down the stairs. 

They all looked up at her when she
appeared at the top of the stairway and it was all she could do to keep going.
Linda�s eyes swept the group gathered at the base of the stairs looking for
Steven. He was standing between Richard and the kneeling Susan, out in the
center of the room. The men were both intent on their own conversation and
neither had looked up when she made her reappearance. Her legs were wobbly as
she descended those last few steps; she noticed someone had brought a
straight-back chair in from the dining room and set it down next to Steven. 

Linda moved through the gathering
as if in a dream. She headed toward her husband with her eyes downcast and her
thumping pulse hammering in her ears, drowning out all other sound. The guests
parted and watched her pass. If any spoke to her, offering encouragement, or
maybe a warning, it was lost to her. Linda�s thoughts were elsewhere, she was
numb to what was happening around her. She startled when a hand grasped her arm
and pulled her to the right, toward the couch.

It was Roger! He�d wrenched her off
her path. He was dragging her away from Steven! She began to struggle until she
saw her husband was already next to her, holding her other arm, trying to pry
the wooden hairbrush from her clenched fingers. Linda took a deep breath and
released her grip. Roger was speaking but she didn�t want to hear him. It was
Steven�s voice she longed for.

�Lean forward darling and put your
hands down on the couch.�

Oh God, it was her husband, her
mild mannered Steven, and he was placing her in position for a humiliating and
very public ordeal. She bent forward taking her weight on her arms feeling more
vulnerable than she�d felt since her daddy had last used a wooden ruler on her
bottom when she was 10.

And then Roger was intruding again,
his voice forcing itself on her.

�You don�t need to do this Linda.�

What did he know about her needs?
This was between her and Steven, Roger had said so himself. It was something
that should have happened long ago, she knew that now. She was going to see
that it happened now and Roger would just have to deal with that. This was her
gift to Steven and whatever Roger felt he needed to say wasn�t going to affect
her one way or the other.

�Steven isn�t going to do anything
unless he knows you�re OK with it. You�ll need to say so. Say it now, Linda,
loud enough so we can all hear it. You know, there�s no shame in backing out;
everyone will understand. WE need to
know that you really want to do this or it isn�t going to happen.� 

��
Linda clenched her eyes closed. The bastard was going to make her beg
for it. Well she�d show him. She was ready for this and nothing he said would
stop her. But raw courage wasn�t enough to stop her from blushing bright red.
Her voice quavered as she said the words.

�Please, Steven, take that hair
brush and use it on my bottom. If anyone deserves it, I do!�

There! She�d said it. No one would doubt
her courage now. She looked over her shoulder at Susan, who knelt silently with
her hands still on top of her head, her elbows jutting out to the sides. As
Linda watched, Susan�s lips formed a kiss which was silently sent across the
room. Linda didn�t dare to look at the others.

�Linda turned back to the couch and leaned
forward willing her suddenly weak arms to support her leaning body. She
clenched her eyes shut. Someone grabbed her hips and her body jerked at the
touch. Her eyes snapped open and her head swung around to identify her
assailant. It was Steven, not Roger. She felt a moment of relief. She gazed at
Steven, marveling at the sudden transformation that had taken place in her
gentle patient husband. He was pulling her hips back forcing her head lower and
raising her bottom higher so it swayed obscenely toward the gawking spectators.


Her thoughts and feelings became
all the more confused as his hands wandered. She felt him gently stroke her
belly, her hips and her upper thighs. One hand began to rub in insistent little
circles over her taut ass cheeks, as if he were trying to smooth her panties.
Linda whimpered and her hips began to rotate in counterpoint to his motion. 

Without warning two thumbs slipped
inside her waistband. Linda opened her mouth to protest but it was already too
late. Before she could utter a sound, her bottom was laid bare for all to see.
Steven pushed her panties down to her knees, and she desperately squeezed her
legs together trying to stop the descent.

�Open!� 

Steven spoke the simple one word
command with an absolute authority that she never suspected her husband
possessed. Her legs responded, even before she could think. Her knees parted
and allowed her underwear to slip a little further down her legs. Linda quickly
stepped out of them. She understood what he wanted and obeyed without any
further instructions. Steven used the hairbrush to nudge her knees open a
little wider, and then ran the wooden brush up along her inner thighs. Linda
squirmed in place, bent at the waist, with her feet about two feet apart. Her
bottom was stuck up in the air and she could feel the cool air on her very damp
and exposed sex. Linda knew everyone in the room was staring at her most
private parts and her face turned a brighter shade of crimson.

�You probably want to start off
slow and easy Steven. Just let her warm up to the idea at first, then you can
let her feel it, if that�s what you want.�

It was Roger, that fountain of
unsolicited advice; Linda wished he would just shut up so Steven could get this
over with.

�Sure, thanks, this is pretty new
to us, but I think I can handle it. I�ll just position myself off to the side
so I can get a decent swing and everyone else will have a great view.� 

Steven sounded as excited as a ten
year old on Christmas morning. She felt his left arm wrap around her waist. She
knew what was coming but had no idea how she�d react. She was already
mortified, just being exposed in this position, but things were about to get
far worse, and yet she was impatient for it to begin.

She flinched when Steven rested the
wooden brush on her quivering ass cheek. He stroked the cool wood across her
bottom in a circular motion and she gasped. Then the brush was pulled away and
she braced herself. The little paddle smacked down and her hips jerked, Steven
arm around her waist held her in place while the other rose and fell. He seemed
to be following Roger�s suggestion for each individual slap wasn�t terribly
painful but the cumulative effect was a slowly building burning that was
radiating heat in every direction. Linda�s face flushed deeply as she felt a pleasant warmth growing deep inside her. What kind of
woman would enjoy this?

Linda had yet to cry out in pain.
While Steven had her waist held in place, her bottom was waggling. He followed
a pattern spreading his blows around the periphery of her ass cheeks. She could
imagine the sight she provided and even with that thought she could feel her
sex lips thickening and opening. Moisture seeped from her parting lips and the
sight was not lost on the onlookers.

�Just like a couple of love birds.
Though I must say, it looks like Ms. �Prim and Proper� is as big a slut as the
rest.� Erica offered loudly. 

Linda was beyond caring, but the
jibe seemed to affect Steven. He started to hone in on the fleshier center of
her bottom slamming the hairbrush down with increased power and at last Linda
did cry out in pain. This was going well beyond pleasant warmth and plunging
into real punishment. Tears gathered and she yelped with each new blow but even
then the irrational warmth was still building deep in her sex. She was on fire
from within. Steven was slapping down on her bottom at a furious pace. It
seemed to mimic the tempo that he built to when he was plunging into her, just
before his orgasm. That image set her mind afire and the heat building deep in
her cunt began to surge.� Her mind used
the �C� word, a word she had never used aloud before. It felt like the only
proper word to use and she allowed it to roll off her lips.

Steven was beating down on her
bottom in a rapid staccato and her yelps had turned into a most extraordinary
chant.

�Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!� she yelped each
time the hairbrush smacked down. It might have been an expression of pain or a
plea for release. Linda couldn�t say which, but it was another word she�d never
used until tonight.

It took Steven a moment to
understand what she was saying, and a few more moments to slow down from the
shellacking he was cheerfully administering to her glowing bottom. 

Linda was just full of surprises
tonight. 

Steven slowed and stopped and
Linda�s mantra came to an end. They both were breathless and a little stunned
by their separate reactions. Steven reversed his grip on the hairbrush and
traced her parted nether lips with the handle teasing them open still further.
Linda�s hips pressed back hungrily. Steven pulled the brush away and then used
it to tap lightly against her sex. Linda groaned and her bottom lurched back
trying to follow after the hairbrush. Steven gave her a few more experimental
swats and her hips jerked and twitched, but she was definitely trying to rub
herself against the handle. She was quickly approaching a shuddering and very
public orgasm. Steven pulled the hairbrush away and Linda groaned.� 

Linda�s legs were trembling as her
hips humped back at the empty air as she cried out in frustration. She was
oblivious to what the others were saying. Erica harshly mocked her discarded
dignity while the others were joking and teasing in a more good-natured manner.
Roger was grinning, but refrained from the general teasing. Susan, on her
knees, remained silent, grateful, perhaps to be out of the spotlight for now.

Steven was shocked by Linda�s
obvious loss of control. She was not behaving at all like the wife he knew so
well. Linda could tell by his painful grip on her shoulder that he had every
intention of bringing her back under control. He dropped down onto the couch
and roughly pulled her across his lap. 

��Now I�m gonna
really punish you, just like you asked for.� He warned her.�� 

Linda�s breath was forced out in a
whoosh as she landed across his legs. Her head and shoulders fell to his left,
her legs dangling off to his right. He gathered her wrists together in his left
hand and forced them down against the small of her back as she fought to
inhale. Her neck and shoulders were pressed awkwardly against the couch and her
breasts were trapped just past his left leg. Linda struggled to turn her head
and managed to face away from the onlookers, toward the back of the couch. She
was surprised to find that Steven had discarded the hair brush which now lay on the couch the bristles sticking up mere inches from
her nose. 

She felt trapped; it was all she
could do to keep her legs still. Steven rubbed his hand across her smarting
bottom feeling the warmth he had generated from her paddling. Some of the warm
sensuality was returning to her. Linda tried to remain still. She could feel
his hardness pressing eagerly against her belly. Her hips were resting a few
inches from his solid right thigh and the touch of his hand was making her
squirm forward. Linda flinched when he pulled his hand away. 

�You ready?� he barked a fraction
of a second before his hand smacked down heavily on her already bruised bottom.
The sound was enormous! His hand was larger than the hairbrush, and she sensed
an unreasoned anger that propelled him. 

Linda cried out with the first
blow. Her body lurched forward across his lap. He used his knees to rock her
back into place and the next slap landed squarely on her curved cheeks. Steven
was attacking her bottom with a firm purpose and it had nothing to do with
sensual warmth. Linda shrieked as his knees rocked her back for the third
smack. All thoughts of sexual release fled as the pain just grew and grew.

He continued without mercy. Her
body was driven forward by his smacking hand then rocked back into place on his
knees. The spanking continued at a barely controlled pace. It was much worse
than what had happened before. Steven was deliberately trying to hurt her! The
blows continued to rain down and neither of them was keeping track. 

Heat was building within her. It
wasn�t sexual; it was much more primal than that. The shrieks built with her pain
until she could stand it no more. Something let go deep within her and she
experienced a very different form of release. Linda began to cry
uncontrollably. 

Steven knew, almost instinctively,
that they had reached a plateau. He stopped slapping and once more was gently
rubbing her bottom. Linda let all her emotions pour out as she sobbed without
restraint. The others, forgotten by them both, looked on in silent awe. 

Steven turned her over in his lap.
He could feel the heat from her bottom through his pants. He cradled her in his
arms pulling her tight against his chest and rocking gently while she sobbed on
his shoulder. Eventually the racking sobs lessened. Linda pushed back slightly;
she turned to face him blinking back tears, and shyly kiss her husband�s lips.
Then they were both hungrily kissing each other without thought or hesitation.
Steven was the first to come up for air. 

He stood, half lifting her, but
Linda deliberately fell to her knees beside him. Steven turned toward Roger,
unsure of what to say. Linda said it for him. 

She held Steven�s hand as she looked
into Roger�s eyes. A communion of understanding passed between them. 

�Please sir.� were all the words
she needed.

Roger understood completely. 

�The guest room is upstairs, all
the way down the hall.�

Once again Linda took the stairs
two at a time. This time Steven followed eagerly behind her.















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Mad Lews
  2
  177
  2007-05-18T02:42:00Z
  2007-05-18T02:42:00Z
  7
  3342
  19056
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  158
  44
  22354
  12.00
 




 
  125
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

����������������������������������������������������������������������� ���������������� VIII

��� Roger
glanced down at his watch as Linda and Steve disappeared up the stairs. 

��� �You�ve got just about
a half hour till the ball drops.� He yelled up after, them but they
didn�t bother to respond. 

��� That was Susan�s first
hint of just how long the party had been going on. She only needed to endure
another half hour and she�d have satisfied Roger�s conditions. Susan was that
close to donning the collar he had presented her with. She felt jubilant even
as she struggled to suppress a grin. It was Susan�s goal to become worthy to
wear his gift; that was the privilege she was willing to struggle toward. 

��� Some might think that a
strange ambition for a modern woman. She didn�t feel any need to explain
herself; the simple desire was enough for her. One need only consider how she
had spent these last few hours of �freedom�. 

��� Susan imagined there
would be at least one more real test for her. The canning of her breasts was
certainly not something Roger had originally planned on. He must have originally
had something else in mind. Perhaps the test, when she passed it, would be
followed by some brief ritual before he snapped the collar around her neck.
Roger did like a bit of pomp and ceremony. She was pretty sure he wasn�t going
to fuck her until she wore his collar. Unless of course she had already blown
that, a flicker of doubt gnawed at her momentarily. If he wasn�t going to allow
her the collar tonight then he might just take her anytime. 

��� Kim and Barbra had
headed into the dining room to get some munchies. Roger looked down at Susan;
she looked a bit haggard. Susan wore her tired smile with a complacent ease. He
smiled at the sight of her.

��� �Hungry dear?� he asked
cheerfully.�� 

��� Susan suddenly realized
just how ravenous she was and nodded eagerly. Roger left her to follow the
other two women into the dining room. Kim and Barbara were standing over the
cold cuts platters, selecting deli breads, and condiments as they made up
sandwiches for their men. There were still a number of hors d'oeuvres and a few
deserts left on the table so Roger made up a plate for Susan. He selected
several of the crab rangoons, and the last two smoked
salmon canap�s on pumpernickel rounds, to complete her snack he added a few of
the strawberries dipped in dark chocolate. He remembered to pour her another
glass of wine; a Pinot Grigio would best complement the taste of salmon and semen
he decided with a satisfied smirk.

��� While Roger was off
getting her some food, Erica used the moment to shift closer to Susan and
strike up a conversation. Erica wanted to explore some of the possibilities
that had been gnawing at the back of her mind since her first glimpse of Susan,
kneeling, naked and freely submitting herself to her husband�s whims. Susan had
worked for Erica nearly three years now and had never once hinted that she was
so inclined. Now a number of interesting scenarios were running through Erica�s
mind and high on the list was a good spanking for being so secretive about her
true nature. Of course, this was neither the time nor the place to bring
that up; there would be plenty of opportunities at work on Monday. Erica saw no
need to complicate matters by involving Roger.

��� �It�s too bad Linda
took off on you. Now you�ll never get a chance to taste that priggish little
pussy of hers.� 

��� Erica words were as
harsh as ever, but her tone was sweeter than saccharine. Susan was at a loss.
It seemed as if Erica wanted to engage in idle chatter, but Susan had no witty
comeback for the woman�s sharp tongue. More to the point, when one is
kneeling naked before a fully clothed party guest, trying to earn one�s collar
from a demanding husband, one doesn't venture
into clever verbal repartee with the guests. 

��� To top it all off,
Erica was beginning to scare Susan just a little. She dreaded the thought of
returning to work under her on Monday. While Susan had been too busy to worry about what this evening might
mean to her boss, it didn�t take a vivid imagination to follow where Erica�s
thoughts might be headed. In the end Susan said nothing. She lowered her head
submissively and waited for Erica to continue. 

��� �Now I know I said
Matty couldn�t get his blow job until you�d taken care of everyone else, but
what the hell, it�s a party. He�s been such a good boy so I think I might
relent this once.�

��� Susan raised her eyes
slightly and noted that Erica had Mathew in tow. She had a firm grip on his
very erect cock and was pulling him forward by it.

��� �You wouldn�t mind now,
would you dear?� Erica was addressing Susan, not Mathew, who would obviously do
as he was told.

��� �No Ma�am.� Susan
mumbled listlessly.

��� She glanced toward the
dining room, hoping Roger would come and rescue her. She wasn�t exactly sure
what she expected him to do. Susan was fairly confident he would want her to
treat Mathew like any other guest this evening, but she still felt the need to
have him there giving his consent. Erica noticed the momentary hesitation and
misunderstood. She felt certain that the idea of sucking on a submissive man�s
cock was what Susan was balking at. Erica felt that it was an immense humiliation
to be forced to service another woman�s submissive. She was sure this was what
caused Susan�s hesitation, and that thought seemed to buoy Erica�s mood. She
pushed Mathew forward until his belly was nearly pressing against Susan�s nose.


��� Erica was wrong, of
course. Susan had nothing against Mathew; in fact the two of them were nearly
kindred spirits. They were both submissive by nature and at the moment both
were laboring to please Erica. Mathew had arguably treated her far better than
anyone here tonight, including her own husband. She was more than ready
to return the favor. Susan only wished for Roger�s blessing before she began.

��� None of the three
noticed when Roger reentered the room. He stood at the doorway, plate and glass
in hand, following the verbal exchange. He turned toward the fireplace, set the
wine glass on the mantle, and picked up a remote. Turning back toward the
threesome he clicked twice and a 60 inch plasma screen came to life on the far
wall. Erica jumped guiltily as the sounds of Times Square bloomed from half the
dozen speakers scattered around the room. Roger nodded to the three of them as
he adjusted the volume down. 

��� �I was just about to
feed her, Erica,�� Roger said, picking up the wine glass and gesturing
toward Susan with the laden plate. 

��� �But if Mathew�s in a
hurry we can wait until he�s done.�

��� �Err, sorry, I, well,
hum, I should have asked, I suppose. You don�t mind do you?� Erica asked.

��� �Nonsense, go right
ahead, she�s here for everyone�s enjoyment tonight. Besides I think he�s a
little sweet on her.� 

��� Roger smiled wickedly and
Erica visibly cringed at those words. Roger set the food and wine down on the
coffee table and stood by Susan�s side. Mathew, in front of her, was looking
down to avoid Roger�s eyes but that left him staring at Susan�s breasts,
each decorated with half a dozen darkening stripes. Roger took Mathew�s right
hand and cupped it under Susan�s left breast.

��� �She really loves it
when you stroke her nipples Matt.� Roger confided, �When they start to swell
she likes to have them rolled and pinched. Of course, between the clamps and
crop tonight, she may be a little more sensitive than usual. Still, I�m sure if
you start off gently she�ll be coming for you in no time.� 

��� Mathew pulled his gaze
away from Susan�s breasts and looked up. Roger was smiling broadly. Susan was
shocked that he would share such intimate details about her body�s
responsiveness with a stranger. Anger, betrayal, and indignation all bubbled up in her mind,
but they were soon fighting with embarrassment as her nipple promptly began to
swell from just the warmth of Mathew�s touch. 

��� Mathew stroked lightly
and Susan�s nipple tightened and hardened under his gentle caress. He took her
right nipple in his other hand. Susan felt a pulse of pure pleasure course from
her aching breasts straight down through her belly and her faithless pussy
moistened in response. 

��� Damn Roger! How could
he do this to her? Susan felt doubly betrayed first by her lover and then by
her own, all too responsive, body. She squirmed hopelessly as the
new sensations provoked fresh misery and the soggy, knotted, hemp chaffed
against the swelling lips of her sex. An involuntary moan was wrung from her
and her hips quivered reflexively.������ 

���� Roger ran his fingers through her
hair brushing back her hands that were entwined together resting atop her head.
He gently pushed them back and down so her hands ended up clasped together
behind her neck. This new position pulled her shoulders further back; forcing
her to push her breasts out further. Mathew grinned, his stroking fingers caressing
her. Roger was forcing her body to act the part of a shameless slut and a tear
trickled down her cheek. She could only imagine what must be passing through
Mathews mind.

Erica,
inflamed by the sight of Susan's single tear, was impatient to witness her
further humiliation.� Erica's hands moved
from Matthew's cock to his buttocks and pressed him forward. His erection
lewdly jutted out before him as he was forced toward Susan.� His throbbing penis slid under her chin and
thumped beneath her clenched jaws.� A
sticky droplet painted the hollow of her neck.

��� �Come on, luv; show him how much you appreciate it.� Roger urged.
�I�m counting on you now.�

��� Anger, resignation, and
desire all simmered in an emotional stew as she heard her lover�s command. It
was a test, another damn test.

��� She would obey,
of course. Did he really doubt it? Probably not; but this time she would give
him a little more than he bargained for. Erica was urging Mathew forward,
anticipating Susan�s further degradation; Susan had decided to take some
control over the situation that was being forced on the two of them. 

��� Susan lowered her head
twisting beneath Mathew�s throbbing cock. Her tongue came up behind his scrotal
sac. He actually whimpered Eric�s name as Susan�s tongue stroked the flesh
between his sac and anus.

��� He was hairless,
without even a trace of stubble; Erica must have used a depilatory or wax on
him. Such smoothness was a unique sensation for Susan. She reveled in the
texture as she pulled her tongue forward across the center of his scrotum.
Susan used her head to trap his penis against his belly. As her tongue ascended
his cock slid along the center of her forehead and trailed down the bridge of
her nose. He left a trail of moisture clinging to her face. She shook her head
slightly back and forth rolling the trapped rod against her face and eliciting
another helpless groan from Mathew. 

��� Susan rose up on her
knees. She leaned her head back allowing his penis to slip lower on her chin.
Susan opened her mouth and plunged down along its length. Mathew was panting by
now with his eyes screwed shut. The expression on his face could have been
agony or ecstasy as he bit into his lip to stifle his cry of desire.

��� Erica looked on with
shock and disgust.

��� �Stop that! What kind
of degenerate slut would? Damn it Mathew!! Don�t you dare cum!�
Erica�s voice had an almost hysterical edge to it as she yelled out her
commands.

��� Roger knew exactly what
Susan was up to. She had decided to turn the tables on her tormentors. Susan
was intent on irritating Mathew�s Mistress with an open display of lust.� Her lips encased the fleshy rod as her head
ran up and down its length in slow deliberate strokes. She looked up coyly into
Mathew�s eyes as he took her head into his hands. He knew he should push her
away, or at the very least hold her still, but all he could do was hold on. She
continued to suck him deep into her throat and then allow his slow, but never
complete, withdrawal. Every man in the room looked on with growing envy.
Whether it was her intent or not Susan had managed to seduce the others by her
overtly subservient worship of another man�s cock. Roger was not immune but he
had only himself to blame. He�d given the order and she was faithfully obeying.

��� �Make the fucking bitch
stop this instant.� Erica demanded. 

��� Roger�s gaze snapped to
Erica�s voice. She turned toward Roger expecting some supportive response, but his
cold expression made Erica look away. His anger made no sense. This was
supposed to be about shame and humiliation but those two were simply enjoying
the situation far too much. Surely even Roger could understand that.

��� �Lighten up Erica; It�s
a party, let them play for a while.� Roger admonished.

��� His harsh stare
softened with an effort as he turned away from Erica�s lowered eyes. He returned
to the more pleasant view of Susan and Mathew.

��� �He won�t cum, I won�t
allow it.�

��� �He�ll cum.� Roger said
confidently� �How long has it been anyway?� 

��� �A week, maybe ten
days,� Erica answered after a moment�s calculation. �But he won�t cum without
my permission. He�s too well trained; not like her, you�ll see.� 

��� She looked defiantly at
Roger and saw the open skepticism in his face.

��� �A wager then, she
can�t make him cum. When she fails I can have her for two weeks. I�ll return
her properly trained. You�ll see.� 

��� The idea had been
percolating in Erica�s mind, the words just poured out without thought. It just
seemed like too good an opportunity to pass up. All Roger could say was either yes
or no. 

��� �

��� �That�s not going to
happen, Erica.� Roger said with a shake of his head. �Susan is mine and I don�t
just lend her out to someone unless I know them and trust them completely.
Besides what would you have to offer should you lose the bet?�

��� Erica hadn�t really
thought it through and was a little too distracted to come up with a coherent
answer. She looked at the two submissives,
both straining to obey their conflicting orders. Then she glanced at Roger and
shook her head. She noticed Roger was now studying her as no man should dared to.
He was looking her up and down, appraising her as a woman for the first time
this evening. She normally found such masculine attention presumptuous and
obnoxious, but from Roger it had a different, slightly dangerous, edge that was
palpably enticing. Their eyes locked and this time Erica held his gaze. They
were both silent for a timeless moment. Roger broke the silence.

��� �Susan, stop!� he
ordered, and Susan froze, her lips wrapped half way down Mathew�s shaft. 

��� �She�ll have five
minutes to bring him off. If she can�t do it you can use the riding crop on her
bottom to ring in the New Year. Ten strokes and no blood, Agreed?� 

��� Erica heard the offer
and was more than willing to place her faith in Mathew�s self-discipline. The
chance to smack Susan�s pert little butt with a crop was already making her
moist. Not only would it show the little brat her place, it would teach Roger
some manners as well. Still, Roger had mentioned only half a wager and
without some risk on her part it couldn�t really be called a bet.

��� �And if she succeeds?
What am I risking?� Erica asked.

��� �If Mathew cums before the time is up you�re not punish him,� Roger
stated �and you�ll be the one to clean Susan up this time.� He added with an
evil grin.

��� Erica flushed with
anger. Roger�s words weren�t overly specific but the implied humiliation was
obvious as she tried to imagine herself cleaning her husband�s leavings from
the little slut�s face. Her hands shook involuntarily at the thought. Still she
was confident Mathew wouldn�t fail her; it was just five minutes. 

��� �All right we�re agreed
then.� Erica said at last. She held out her hand to seal the bet with a
handshake. Roger looked at her as if perplexed for a moment then clasped her
hand in a perfunctory manner and turned back toward Susan again.

��� Susan had remained
motionless, her lips wrapped around Mathews erection, applying just enough
suction to keep him at attention without wringing any more whimpers from him.
She had followed the conversation and was quite pleased with the outcome.
Mathew was putty in her hands. The idea of that proud bitch Erica being forced
to clean Susan�s face was just delicious. Susan just hoped she would be forced
to use her tongue, which would only be fair. 

��� Susan knew she and
Roger were on the same page now and she took comfort in that.

��� �Go ahead Sue, nice and
slow so he can enjoy every moment of it.� 

��� With Roger�s command
Susan�s lips tightened and began a long slow decent to the very base of
Mathew�s cock. She nearly gagged as it pushed against the back of her throat
but she swallowed reflexively as her tongue stroked feverishly along the length
of the thick shaft. Mathew�s legs were trembling as he groaned.

��� Susan took the time to
glance over at Erica as she lifted her head up slowly allowing the cock to
slide inch by inch from her mouth until only the tip of his penis was still captive.
Erica watched with a distinct agitation her fingers nervously twisting her
skirt hem as she berated her husband. Others had begun to gather around to
watch the performance. They were free with their advice and comments.

��� �Ten bucks says he�ll
be spurtin out her ears before time�s
up.� 

��� Sam waved a bill in the
air but there were no takers. It was obvious no one thought Mathew would last. 

��� Barbra was of the
opinion that Mathew might hold out for at least two minutes. She offered to risk
her own bottom on that wager and Joe placed a bill down to cover that action. �

��� �Win or lose, dear, I�ll
win.� She smiled devilishly. �

��� Erica wasn�t showing too
much confidence either.

� � �Don�t you dare Matty! I�m counting on
you. Think of something else you dirty little boy. Don�t let that slut get the
better of you.� She shouted.

��� Poor Mathew was being
truly tormented. Of course he wanted, needed really, to please Erica. He
dedicated his life to that very task, and yet he was human, a male, and had
gone nearly two weeks without an orgasm.

��� Susan may have started
the evening with an oral skill that bordered on amateurish but she was a quick
study. She was determined and confident and had her husband�s blessing. Mathew
didn�t have a prayer; it was only a matter of time.

��� �Three
more minutes.� Sam chimed in helpfully. 

��� Barbra snatched her
winnings from Joe, turned and wiggled her butt provocatively in an ill advised
victory dance. She gave a playful shriek when Joe grabbed her by the shoulders
and wrestled her down to her knees.

��� Susan�s lips caressed
poor Mathew with an unhurried confidence. He had a painful grip on her hair but
still was unable or unwilling to push her away. His legs had ceased to tremble
but he was up on his tiptoes and his hips were twitching spasmodically.

��� Erica continued to
shout demands at him, but a thin sheen of sweat now covered her face and
her voice was growing hoarse. The other couples were looking at her with pity,
which made it so much worse. Even she could see the inevitable bearing down on
her as Susan picked up the pace of her oral ministrations.

��� �Slow down Susan!� 

��� She heard the words but
was lost in her task.

��� �Susan!� Roger barked
harshly.

��� This time Susan heard
and obeyed. She glanced over and saw her master watching intently. Erica was
looking on with a touch of panic in her eye; she realized this was a bet she�d
already lost. Most of the others were simply grinning at the lewd spectacle;
although Joe had Barbara on her knees and she was doing her best to imitate
Susan�s every move.� 

��� Roger must have wanted
to prolong Erica�s suffering but at this point it didn�t matter. Though Susan
slowed her strokes, Mathew had a firm grip on her head and was humping away
with abandon. Susan could already taste the salty flavor of what was to come.

��� �Sixty seconds� Sam
informed the crowd.

��� Susan looked to Roger,
waiting for a signal. She could finish Mathew with a few quick strokes. 

��� �Stop!�

��� At first she thought it
was Erica�s order. Indeed Mathew released his grip on her hair and dropped back
down on his heels partially withdrawing from her mouth. Susan�s lips followed
him down.

��� �Susan.� 

��� His voice was low but
full of authority. It made no sense. She�d won the stupid bet for him, why
would he throw it all away now? Still the voice, the tone, she had no choice
but to obey. Her head came to a complete standstill, her lips holding loosely
onto Mathews throbbing penis. The two of them became frozen statues caught in
the most intimate of kisses.� 

��� �Fifteen seconds.�

��� Neither one of them
dared move. It wasn�t fair! She�d won by right, and was now being forced to
throw the game away. She knew without looking that Erica had a triumphant smirk
on her face. Susan just wanted to cry.

��� �Time�s up.� 

��� The unexpected ending
brought a murmur of surprise from the crowd. 

��� �Finish him.� Roger
ordered.

��� Erica was too thrilled
with the unexpected outcome to bother interfering. Susan resumed; her lips
sliding down Mathew�s fleshy rod. Her head had only bobbed up and down twice
before ten days worth of denial gushed into her mouth. She fought to keep up,
swallowing as fast as she could but the load was too much. When he was finished
Mathew shyly pulled away.

��� �Erica seemed almost giddy as she tousled
Mathew�s hair and praised him for his self restraint. 

��� Roger sat at the coffee table and gestured for Susan to approach.
She hobbled forward on her knees. He took a damp cloth and wiped her mouth and
chin before offering her a sip of wine. More than anything she wanted to ask
�Why?� but he silenced her with a finger laid gently across her lips.

��� He fed her by hand and
she nibbled mechanically on the tidbits chosen for her. The food seemed
tasteless the wine, sour, as troubled thoughts roiled her mind. How could he?
Why would he? Susan needed the answers but dared not ask.

��� Her expression must
have spoken for her and Roger decided to answer her; in his own manner. 

��� �Mathew was allowed to
cum, and he won�t be punished for it.�

��� A silent pause while
Susan digested that answer.

��� �Erica won�t spend the
weekend dreaming about what she�d like to do to your bottom come Monday morning.
You were going to feel the crop tonight anyway. Now, she�ll go home with
a big smile on her face.�� 

��� Another pause,
though Susan�s anger was beginning to melt. He was right of course. He usually was.

��� �And Linda is going to
become an avid friend of yours. Be gentle and instructive with that one,
dear. I think she really admires you.� 

��� Roger bent and kissed
her forehead, �as do I.� he added.�� 

��� ���� 















 
  Mad Lews
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  5
  2007-08-06T00:04:00Z
  2007-08-06T00:04:00Z
  17
  3625
  20663
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  172
  48
  24240
  12.00
 





 
  false
  
  
  5.5 pt
  2
  2
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






��������������� ���������������� IX

��� The mere brush of his
lips against her forehead was pure bliss for Susan. He had warned her about
pride, but his words stirred that very sentiment in her soul. Roger pulled his
lips away and brought the wine glass to her mouth. Susan sipped, and relished the
clean light taste with the delicate aroma, just a hint of honey as an
aftertaste. Her tongue ran across her lips; savoring the last traces of
Mathew�s salty offering, she smiled.

��� Roger dangled a strawberry
before her and she playfully nipped at it. He
was what she really wanted; to taste him, to feel him thick and heavy,
stretching her lips, forcing himself into her, deeply and fully. Then she would
be his, his to use however he wished. She would be opened, desired and adored
by his thrusting cock in every imaginable way. 

��� That time wasn�t here
yet.

��� Bits of hard chocolate
coating fell away as her teeth sank into the firm red fruit. Roger lowered his
head, lips seeking her breasts which she eagerly thrust toward him. His darting
tongue retrieved a few of those dark morsels then he tenderly licked her throbbing
nipples. 

��� Susan was
floating.� ���������

��� Others were gathering around
the big screen. The noisy crowd in Times Square was getting restless as the witching
hour approached. The TV camera kept flashing on the crystal ball high on top of
its pole. Sam had opened a bottle of Moet Chandon White Star �99 and was busy
filling champagne flutes. 

��� Linda and Steven
returned from the guestroom. They descended the staircase, fervently clasping each
other�s hands like a pair of love sick teens. Linda was oblivious to her nudity.
Her entire body was flushed and glowing from her recent exertions. Her eyes
never left Steven and a sense of overwhelming contentment seeped from her every
pore. 

��� 

��� Roger and Susan studied
the young couple and then turned to each other. Roger planted a hungry kiss on
her juice stained lips before holding out the last strawberry for her. Susan curled
her tongue around it drawing it toward her waiting lips. Her eyes never left
her lover as she sucked the fruit into her mouth.

��� �With nine glasses poured Sam began passing out
the champagne flutes for the New Years toast. He brought one over to Erica who
was hovering close to Roger and Susan. She set it on the coffee table and Sam
set Rogers�s glass next to it. He�d not poured a glass for Susan. Her status
was distinct; if she was to toast the New Year it would be from Roger�s own
cup.

��� Roger and Susan were engaged
in a playful tug of war. He hung onto the strawberry�s leafy stem pulling it slowly
from her mouth and then allowing her to suck it back in. Her eyes sparkled merrily
as the hard chocolate shell dissolved between her lips. Finally, Roger pinched
the leafy top off and released the juicy prize into her mouth. Susan munched
contentedly then swallowed. 

��� �You need to get her
ready.� Erica interrupted, �I won fair and square and I�m allowed to smack her
ass before midnight. Ten strokes, with the crop, you said so.� 

��� Roger looked up,
annoyed that their moment had been disturbed, but nothing disturbed Susan�s
blissful smile, focused entirely on her lover Erica tried to stare defiantly
into Rogers�s cold gaze but she said no more. Then Roger smiled and Erica
relaxed visibly.

��� �Of course Erica, We
have an agreement. Ten strokes on her bottom, right.�

��� Erica nodded eagerly,
reaching for the riding crop she had brought to the party. Roger�s hand closed over
the whip�s lower shaft, by the leather tongue. For a moment they both held the
implement as if prepared to test each other�s resolve. 

��� �She�s mine Erica; remember
that. Yes, I know she needs to feel pain; all women do.� 

��� Roger spoke the last
three words softly, almost reverently. It was an intimate thought, briefly
shared, between the three of them. He shook his head to dismiss that tender notion
and turned his cool gaze back to Erica.

��� �But draw no blood Erica, or there will be grave consequences.� �

He spoke this last part slowly, enunciating each word carefully,
his voice firm and insistent once more. 

��� That brief glimpse into
Rogers�s private beliefs affected Erica far more than his challenging tone. She
was a shade paler as she gathered up her courage. She looked straight into his
eyes and she nodded her understanding. Roger released his hold on the crop.

��� Erica stepped back and to Susan�s right. The prize that
she had won was now a task he�d assigned to her. The joyous opportunity to put
a squirming little slut in her place had been transformed into a solemn duty
with just a few terse words and a meaningful glance. Erica shook her head and
grinned. As a Dominatrix, she couldn�t help but admire Roger�s ability to take control
of the situation. 

��� She held the crop
loosely at her side and nodded her readiness toward Susan�s master.

��The crowded square on the big screen was abuzz
with excitement. The giant crystal ball erupted into a flash of dazzling light atop
its pole. The New Years Eve Ball had come to life and there was barely a minute
left of the old year. Erica was right. It was time to prepare Suzan. 

��� Susan was still
kneeling with her hands joined behind her neck, her elbows sticking awkwardly
out. She watched wide eyed and fearful as Roger produced his knife and slide the
shiny blade between her thrusting breasts. He traced the blade slowly down across
the quivering flesh of her belly until it slipped beneath the hemp belt. The
blade jerked as Roger gave it a sharp twist. It was all Susan could do not to
look down. The passage of the cold metal against warm skin felt like flowing
liquid and she could almost feel the blood oozing along its path. Her trust
struggled briefly with her fear; trust won. She kept her eyes on Roger.

��� A murmur ran through the
guests as they turned away from the big screen. The rope that had protected,
frustrated, and marked her temporary status, dropped to the ground without
ceremony. She was completely naked before them all.

��� The counter beneath the
crystal ball began its backward run. The seconds ticked away as the glitzy orb
began its steady descent. 

��� Roger grasped Susan by
her shoulder and helped her to her feet. He pulled her head toward him and so
she needed to lean forward, supported by resting her head on his shoulder. Her
feet scuttled apart to keep her balance. They turned together as one, until Roger
faced away from the TV screen, though Susan could see it over his shoulder.
Erica moved with them to maintain her position behind Susan.

��� �Wrap your hands around
me.�

��� She had exercised the discipline
he required throughout the evening. When she had briefly failed him, he had
punished her severely. Now, with just seconds left, he was telling her to
abandon her task. Her hesitation was barely perceptible. She threw her
liberated arms around his shoulders with a sob. His left knee moved forward
nudging her hips back toward Erica, spreading her legs at the same time. She
knew he desired her open and vulnerable and she readily complied. His arms
wrapped around her, holding her tight and she sighed.��� 

��� She watched the giant
counter tick off the remaining seconds; 25,24,23� 

��� Had she failed him?
Absolutely! Was the evening over? Not yet, her mind filled with the image of Erica
standing behind her eager with anticipation. Did she deserve it? The crop, of course; it didn�t
matter how she�d earned it, the pain would be a gift- a gift for him. What of
the collar? A smile flickered as she realized the collar she craved was
nothing, only a symbol of what was. It was of no real consequence.

��� She had changed this evening. No, that wasn�t quite it. She had
been changed this evening. She had allowed it, accepted it, even embraced it as
best she could; but it was he who had actually changed her. That alone was
worth more than all the silver collars in the world. She knew on a fundamental
level that he would always cherish what he was creating. 

��� Damn him and all his
warnings, she was proud to be his! She would gladly suffer the consequences of that
pride.

��� He lowered his head,
lips nestled by her ear. A tongue raspy as kitten�s stroking her ear lobe.

��� �I love you.� they both
whispered in unison.

��� The crowd in New York was
chanting now �thirteen, twelve, eleven�����
����

��� Her friends
joined in shouting out 

��� �Ten!�

��� �Will,� Roger began.

��� The crop cut
noiselessly through the air and lashed cruelly against her bottom. It struck at
the very top, right where her ass began to curve away from her back. Susan
gasped and jerked in his arms reflexively. Erica grunted from the effort of the
blow. The sharp pain sliced across her cheeks and through her mind. The softer prickling
tingle that radiated deep into her flesh made her whole bottom shiver. All eyes
had left the flat screen and were focused on the clinging couple.� ��� 

��� �Nine!�
they shouted breathlessly.

��� �you,� Roger continued

��� Erica delivered the
next blow on cue. It was maybe an inch lower than the last, starting into the
more fleshy area of her rump. While she felt the pain just as much, and
shuddered in Rogers�s embrace, it somehow seemed easier to bear. Not all eyes
had left the screen, Susan still watched. The ticker continued its backward count
as the ball steadily dropped. Each member of that distant chanting crowd was an
unknowing participant in her pain-filled offering and that sent a flickering
smile across her face.

��� �Eight!� 

��� �wear,�

��� The chanting crowd, her
shouting quests, Roger�s words, they were all melding and then the crack of the
crop. Lower again, this time the pain was deeper; she could feel it right into
the base of her spine. Susan cursed Erica under her breath and squeezed her eyes
shut as her legs trembled uncontrollably. 

��� �Seven!� 

��� �my,�

��� The moments were
slowing. Susan worked to isolate the three noises, concentrating hard to bring
her lovers words into sharp focus, to string them together. She was aware of
the bite of the leather sheathed rod as it smacked into her fleshy bottom but
the sensations were changing and that in itself was a distraction. The pain,
the throbbing it was all a familiar feeling, a bittersweet memory of past pain
survived; she had no time for it now. She needed to pay attention to him.

��� �Six!� 

��� �col��

��� The word, it made no
sense; the blow followed with urgent clarity. The pain rattled within her; the
heat, the throbbing need overwhelmed her for a brief moment and then her mind
began to clear, string together his words. Oh god! He was going to do it! He
wanted her! In his collar! Tears welled in her eyes and the ticker in Times
Square blurred.

��� �Five!� 

��� �lar,� 

��� The sound confirmed her
hope, forced her to believe it could all be true. Her mind and body relaxed as
one even as Erica applied a particularly nasty strike against the lower curve
of her bottom. She jerked upward in his arms, a gasp forced from her lips, then
settled back, shamelessly clinging to him as she awaited his next word.

��� �Four!� 

��� �and,� ��

��� Time resumed its
implacable pace. The eruption of pain followed the number and word. Susan could
hear the Erica�s rasping breath as she delivered the blows. For a brief moment
Susan felt guilty for all the exertion she was forcing on poor Erica. The crop
was striking on an uppercut now as her lower bottom was attacked and again she
lurched upward in her lovers arms. 

��� �Three!� 

��� �become,�

��� The pain was so intense
that it had passed beyond pain. The march of the slashing crop was headed
inexorably toward her cunt. Susan cringed at the thought of that harsh slash
upon her most tender flesh. She would die! Yet she would die content. There was
no denying her sex was moist and gapping, the lips parted and throbbing; even
now she rolled her hips outward and upward, presenting herself more openly to
Erica�s crop. 

��� �Two!� 

��� �my,�

��� Susan gasped again; she
was on her tip toes now, her back swayed as she stuck her fanny out obscenely
for the whip. Erica�s strength was unfailing and her accuracy was impeccable.
Nine evenly spaced stripes marked Susan�s bottom the last barely above the
point where her bottom ended and her thighs began. The next blow would slice
into her distended lips. Susan trembled with fear and longing.

��� �One!� 

��� �slave.�

��� Yes, she wanted to cry,
though the sound she made was a garbled yelp. Erica landed her final blow��������� with cruel cunning. It followed
across the very tops of Susan�s thighs and slashed down onto her perineum. The
force of the blow stretched her vulva pulling her outer lips together with a
wet smack. The blow actually forced moisture to spurt from her sex and dribble
down her inner thighs. She would have died of embarrassment, but the pain was too
intense to allow any such thought or feeling. After wobbling for a moment, her
legs buckled. Roger bent with her as her body slid toward the floor. Susan
managed to recover enough to flow into a close approximation of her
presentation position. 

��� Roger was still bent
close to her. She did her best to straighten and assume a proper posture. Lips
parted, back straight, Susan gingerly rested her throbbing bottom down on her
heels and spread her knees wide for him. Still Roger didn�t move. She rested
her hands on her thighs palms up, a supplicant awaiting her lord�s pleasure.
Then it struck her. He was waiting for her answer! She was such a fool!

��� �Yes, Oh god yes!
Please, sir, I humbly beg to wear your collar.�

��� She would have gone on
but that was enough. Roger was rising now; he had heard the words from her
heart. Roger turned away from her, leaving her kneeling in her open display
position. He picked up the two flutes of champagne from the table and handed
one to Erica. Susan watched, her blinking eyes glistening.

��� The TV showed a raucous
mob cheering wildly, though as cameras panning through the horde they would
linger whenever they found a couple engaged in a particularly passionate
embrace. The strains of �Auld Lang
Syne� were being piped into Times Square but they were barely discernable over
the background noise. Roger raised his glass to make a toast, and all the
guests followed suit. 

��� �To a healthy, happy
New Year.� He said, rather mundanely.

��� Roger and Erica touched
their glasses and sipped on the bubbly liquid. The others dutifully clinked glasses
and welcomed the New Year. Susan was feeling ignored as she waited patiently on
her knees. Would he say nothing of her? Nothing of how she had been changed,
how she was to change in the coming year? Her giddy joy was turning bitter as
she waited expectantly for his attention.

��� Roger raised his glass
once more and everyone fell silent.

��� �To friends and lovers,
may we always keep them close.�

&nbsp;

��� Again glasses clinked
but now by twos as couples paired up to share this toast. Erica and Mathew
entwined their arms and sipped from each other�s flute.

��� Roger held his glass to
her lips for a moment tilting it back for her. Susan sipped the light
effervescent wine but held it in her mouth savoring the taste. He raised the
champagne glass above her then brought it to his own lips. With a nod from
Roger she swallowed the wine as he drank to his love. 

��� Roger set his glass
down, turned to Erica, and held out his hand. After a quizzical glance she
understood and surrendered the riding crop to him. He held the crop under
Susan�s chin using the tip to raise her head until she was looking up at their
guests. Only then did he step behind her. Susan wanted desperately to lean back
against him, but she knelt erect, head high, and body open for the others to
inspect. She would make him proud. He turned to the others and spoke.�� 

��� �Susan and I wish to
thank you for attending our New Years Eve Party. I am pleased to announce that
Susan has consented to wear my collar and we would be honored if you would stay
and share her collaring ceremony with us.��


��� Roger brought Susan to
her feet. He silently used the riding crop to nudge and prod her into the
position he desired. Susan was forced to stand with her feet spread, back
straight, breasts thrust forward and her chin held high. Her hands were once
more crossed behind her back. The others eagerly moved forward to surround her.
Where moments before Susan felt abandoned and ignored, she now found herself
the center of intense interest. Susan stared straight ahead erect and unblinking.
After a few moments she felt as if she was beginning to sway on her feet. The
girls, first Kim and then Barbara embraced her, each whispering private
congratulations along with sighs, fluttering kisses, and words of encouragement.
The men were somewhat cruder in expressing their appreciation of her beauty;
hands stroked and petted, pinched and poked her in the most intimate of
openings, but Roger allowed it and so Susan endured it for his pleasure.

�� Susan remained still,
but her eyes followed her lover. Roger set down the crop and purposefully
strode over to the fireplace mantel. He retrieved the box containing her
birthday gift and turned back toward her. He seemed so very solemn as he
returned with the box cradled in his hands. Susan struggled not to smile; she
was sure if she even allowed herself the slightest grin, she would begin to
giggle like a schoolgirl and spoil the entire moment. 

������� �Sam, Kim, would you be kind
enough to assist me?��  Roger asked.

&nbsp;

��� Sam and Kim both hurried forward to stand
next to Susan; the other guests backed away to take up positions behind her.
Roger handed the display case to Kim and then rummaged beneath the blue felt
liner and retrieved a half dozen 3X5 note cards. He glanced through the note
cards putting them in order and. handed the cards to Sam. Roger then smoothed
the felt liner on which her collar lay. Susan really couldn�t help but smile. Leave
it to her one true love to have every detail planned, right down to a cheat
sheet for the �Master of the Ceremony�. 

&nbsp;

��� Susan wasn�t sure if Roger, Kim and Sam had
secretly rehearsed this ceremony. She couldn�t think of a time when they might
have. Still everyone else seemed to know exactly what to do and she felt a bit
self-conscious. Sam glanced at the cards in his hand and took a pace forward, before
turning to face her. Roger stood to her right, his arm around her shoulder in a
supportive embrace. Kim knelt gracefully to her left, holding the box that
contained her collar. Susan glanced down at it, marveling anew at its beauty. The
other guests had gathered behind them and were silent but for occasional hushed
mutterings and the shuffle of nervous feet. �

&nbsp;

��� Sam cleared his throat and read from the
cards. 

&nbsp;

��� �Dear Friends,� he began 

&nbsp;

��� �We are gathered together here to witnesses,
Susan�s affirmation of her desire to dedicate her life in servitude to her
Master, Roger, and to become in all ways the possession of her Master.�

&nbsp;

��� Sam looked up and addressed Susan.

��� 

��� �Susan, is that your intention?�

&nbsp;

��� Susan nodded enthusiastically.

��� 

��� �Speak up girl!� Sam demanded, �Do you
consent to these conditions of your own free will?�

&nbsp;

��� �Yes,� Susan croaked her throat suddenly dry
and tight.

&nbsp;

��� �Kneel and present yourself to your master.�

&nbsp;

��� His tone was harsh and Susan was sure he was
enjoying every moment that he added to her confusion and discomfort. She began
to sink to her knees, then realized she was facing Sam not her lover. 

&nbsp;

��� Susan stepped in front of Roger, faced him, standing
proud and erect, then slowly and gracefully knelt before him in a proper
presentation display. Kim sighed, and the guests murmured their delight. Susan
was relieved to have her back to Sam.

&nbsp;

��� Sam held up the second card and continued to
read in his officious tone. Now he was addressing his words to Roger.

��� 

��� �Susan has expressed a desire to serve you,
Roger, in any manner you might desire. She humbly asks your leave to become
your property, a possession, to be used for your pleasure. Furthermore Susan
makes this request of you of her own volition without external compulsion or coercion.�

&nbsp;

��� Sam looked up but Roger�s eyes were on
Susan. His desire stirring as he drank in her unabashed nudity and open supplication.
Sam cleared his throat again and Roger tore his gaze away from that which he
desired.

&nbsp;

��� �Roger, will you accept Susan as your own, a
possession to be used, cherished, protected?�

&nbsp;

��� �I will.� Roger stated firmly.

��� 

��� Susan felt a rush of delight and a release
of tension. Her body was torn between a giddy joy and a numbing relief. Sam
followed the cards and droned on.

&nbsp;

��� �Will you train her to do your bidding and discipline
her when she fails?�

&nbsp;

��� �I will.� From her Master

&nbsp;

��� Susan was having trouble keeping still; she
desperately wished to embrace him, her knees where all but dancing beneath her.


&nbsp;

��� �And do you accept the gift of this slave�s
body, heart, mind, and soul.�

&nbsp;

��� �Yes!� Roger said eagerly. 

&nbsp;

��� �You accept this gift of your own free will
without external compulsion or coercion�

&nbsp;

��� �Of course.�

��� 

��� �Have you a symbol of ownership to mark your
property?� 

&nbsp;

��� Kimberly held the box up to Roger and he
plucked the silver collar from it. The collar was closed and locked at the
moment, looking more like a circlet crown than an instrument of bondage. That
was how he handed it to Sam and Sam held it high for all to see. He flipped to
the next card and continued to read. ��

&nbsp;

��� �This collar is the instrument of Roger�s
ownership and control.&nbsp; As such once Roger has put the collar on his
property; it may not be removed except by his wish.&nbsp; It is not for Susan
to decide when and where the collar shall be worn. Do you understand Susan?�

��� �Yes,� Susan hissed trying to keep her
bottom from squirming against her heels.

��� Sam held the silver band above her head;
positioned exactly like a crown at a coronation. The singular deference was
that he had turned the collar so the keyhole was facing Roger. He winked at
Roger, but Susan could not see that. Sam continued in his formal tone. 

��� �Roger, if it is your desire, you may claim
your property.�

��� Nothing happened for a moment and Susan
couldn�t stand the suspense. She glanced up at Roger and found he was fumbling
in his shirt pocket for the keys. He looked flustered and embarrassed. Susan suddenly
realized that Roger was just as eager and nervous as she was. The emotional
bond of their shared reaction calmed her heart and filled her with joy. Her
thoughts grew warm with desire.

��� She heard the distant �snick� as Roger,
having found the key, opened the collar. She felt the tingle of cold metal as
it closed about her, embracing her neck for as long as her master desired. Roger
gave the new collar a tug then slipped a finger under it to check its snugness.
Others were cheering, clapping, and a few offered toasts for occasion, but
Susan was more tightly focused on the here and now.

��� Sam had some final words to say.

��� �You may worship your master, slave.��� ��

��� Sam may have meant it as a derogatory term,
but that last word rang like a badge of honor in her ears. Susan�s head was
nuzzling into her Master�s crotch. Teeth closed on a stubborn zipper and tugged
it down. Roger was grinning like an idiot while Susan forgot completely about
holding position. Her hands trembled as she eagerly unbuttoned his pants and
let them drop. He wasn�t wearing any underwear.

��� Her lips were insatiable kissing and
nipping. Her tongue darted like a hummingbird searching for nectar. When his
hands came to rest on her head she gasped joyfully. Her mouth gapped open and
he leaned into her taking what was his.

��� She moaned around him as he slid across her
tongue. Her jaws were wide for him, her lips tightly sealed against his flesh.
She inhaled his essence as he thrust firmly into her throat. She opened for him
feeling it throughout her body, even as her hips rocked convulsively against her
heels. 

��� Fuck! She was going to cum, before him,
without his leave, without any form of control. She was betrayed, undone by her
own body, a simple slave desperately needing discipline. 

��� He was thrusting now deep into her throat.
He pounded away with unthinking lust, pure desire. Her entire body began to
shudder from her very core. Then even as her own faithless body emptied itself,
his was filling her. Susan�s hips convulsed a final time and her heels and
ankles were drenched but she swallowed rapidly as her master finally granted
her a slave�s reward. 

&nbsp;

��� She was sure her punishment wasn�t far
behind. ��

&nbsp;

�
Mad Lews 2007

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mad Lews


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





