BDSM Library - Dark Descent




Dark Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Micah is an angel in God\'s army. He is on earth to defeat a group of demons but they defeat him instead, choosing to take him back to Hell with them.     But if Micah thought spending eternity at the hands of bloodthirsty demons was bad, he\'s in for a shock. Because he\'s about to meet Ursula, one of Hell\'s foulest residents.        







Dark Descent, Part One


 
  Chris Brooks
   jim
  2
  261
  2007-01-10T00:53:00Z
  2007-01-10T00:53:00Z
  1
  1456
  8304
   
  69
  19
  9741
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Dark Descent, Part
One

By PainAngel

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Micah had never
liked the earth.

&nbsp;

Well, that was not
entirely true. He liked the earth, he rejoiced at its creation. He loved
humans, those with God in their heart anyway, but the fact was that he hated to
visit it. It did not have the beauty of Heaven, his home, and he knew the risk
involved in him setting foot on earth.

&nbsp;

Micah was an
angel, a member of the Heavenly Host since before Genesis. He was a proud
creature; his features were strong and defined, his face fair and soulful. His
long, wavy hair was blond. His Halo shone brightly and his wings were large and
beautiful. 

&nbsp;

He would never
admit it, but he deeply wished he was not a soldier angel. His strength and
skill with a sword led him to be conscripted, but secretly he would have
preferred the class of the Guardian angel. They never left Heaven, simply
offering advice to their human charge spiritually. But no, he was a soldier.
And here he was, on earth, wearing full angelic battle armour, clasping a sword
and ready to spring into action with the small band of angelic soldiers with
him.

&nbsp;

The battle itself
was a skirmish. A group of demons had managed to transport themselves to the
surface and it was the angels� task to ensure they did not cause chaos. As far
as he knew there were only five of them, but five demons were still more than a
large portion of the human race could handle.

&nbsp;

The angels were
flying through what he knew was called the Sahara desert. Miles and miles of sand, without water or
sign of life. Many humans perished here, dehydrated or simply lost.

&nbsp;

He turned to
Darel, his long standing comrade and friend. They smiled at each other; it was
their trusted method of reassurance before a battle. Little did Micah know,
however, that this was the last such smile him and Darel would share.

&nbsp;

Shouts from the
angelic troop sounded as the enemy was seen below. The intelligence had been
wrong-there were not five demons, there were twenty! Micah stared at them
intently. They were fierce, massive creatures. They had the shape of humans,
but were anything but.

&nbsp;

On each demon was
clad a crude, black suit of armour. They were at least eight foot tall each;
the angels stood on average at a mere six foot. And they stared upwards at the
flying angels, producing an unholy battle call.

&nbsp;

The battle began
immediately. The angels, outnumbered but still in good morale, swooped down on
the demons below, swords aiming for their jugulars. Each angel knew that you
could never kill a demon, simply send
him back to Hell. It worked similarly with angels depending on the way in which
they died. If they died with valour, they remained angels in Heaven, if they
died without it, they still returned to Heaven but were denied their wings. 

&nbsp;

It was not for a
few minutes that Micah finally looked around and realised how the battle was
turning. The angels were losing.
Darel was slain; once his wounds were healed in Heaven he would no doubt be
ready for action again. Several others were slain; Micah suddenly noticed with
a shudder that only he and two angels remained.

&nbsp;

The other two
angels fought valiantly, but Micah watched in horror as they were killed. One
had his head sliced clean off, while the other was gutted by a demon�s black
sword.

&nbsp;

When the demons
were finished with the other two, they surrounded him. The angels had not made
much of a dent-at least fifteen demons remained, although many were stained
with blood. Micah felt a short terror at being surrounded in such a way, but
his pain would be brief. He hated to die, it was often a painful procedure, but
there was no way he could tender his escape with the demons fencing him in.
They even towered over him so he could not escape with his wings.

&nbsp;

One demon stepped
forward. He was Akzr, a huge warrior with a cruel mind. He smiled darkly as he
stood over Micah, brandishing his sword. Advancing towards Micah, he said �I
think I�ll chop you up,� nastily, before adding �slowly.� But as he raised his
sword, a strange thing happened. Micah closed his eyes, but no blade came. He
opened his eyes, looking up. Another demon was holding Akzr�s blade, stopping
it from falling on him. 

&nbsp;

Akzr stared
threateningly at the other demon. �What treachery is this?� The other demon
released the sword, looking back and grinning with a smile that made Micah�s
blood run cold. �Why should we kill him?� The demon asked. �We kill him, no
matter how painfully and he ends up in Heaven again.� 

&nbsp;

Azkr nodded
slowly, sensing what the other demon was getting at. �I see what you mean. We
have had our visit to the surface world. Why don�t we take a souvenir with us?�

&nbsp;

He signalled to
some other demons. They produced dark iron chains and bound his hands and feet.
They dragged him up so that he was facing Azkr. Azkr promptly spat in his face,
laughing darkly. �You�re coming with us, angel. All the way down!�

&nbsp;

Micah stared up in
horror as he realised what this meant. Going to Hell? He was going to Hell? He�d heard stories, but
it had never happened to anyone he knew. He began to stutter �P-please, don�t
take me down there!� But the demons were too busy laughing to listen.

&nbsp;

One demon said
something he couldn�t hear, and a red vortex appeared in the ground. He felt
himself being thrown in and blacked out as the fear consumed him.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

When he woke,
Micah felt himself chained to a slab of rock. His hands were chained. His legs
were chained. His wings and shoulders were chained. In fact, he was completely
unable to move.

&nbsp;

Staring at him
were demons. Many demons. Hundreds, in fact. But even worse; he was in Hell! He
stared around him. There was ash, smoke and brimstone everywhere, and the sky
(was it a sky?) was jet black. Evil creatures flew around and he saw the
tormented bodies of humans everywhere. He saw evil eyes in every direction;
there really was no good thing about Hell.

&nbsp;

From the crowd of
demons came a voice. One demon was perched on a stand. He was monstrous;
looking over 9ft tall and wearing a cape with his armour. The voice bellowed
�Welcome to Hell, celestial one!� The voice was an arrogant bellow. �You may as
well make yourself at home. You�re going to be here a while!�

&nbsp;

Micah cowered,
unable to believe the horror that had befallen him. He felt tears down his face
as he called out a plea to his demonic captors. �Please...let me ascend...� but
his pleas were met with cruel laughter. One angel walked over to him and struck
him hard, Micah feeling blood pour out of his mouth. The demon told him harshly
to shut up before joining the ranks of the others.

&nbsp;

The large demon,
evidently some kind of general, continued to speak. �You have been brought here
to provide morale for my soldiers. I do hope you are as entertaining as you
look!�

&nbsp;

The demons eagerly
moved forward while the general continued. �When I say go, I�ll be letting you
into the mercy of my army. And I assure you, they have none. Men? Be-�

&nbsp;

But he stopped
short. The demons, once primed and eager to tear Micah apart, were now turning
around. Cowering, Micah turned to the source of the demons� fear.

&nbsp;

Around a hundred
yards away, there was a rocky cliff. On it was a cave. It would not have been
particularly impressive, especially in the backdrop of Hell, except for the
figure standing at the end of it.

&nbsp;

It was a woman. A
female, at least, with a bone pale complexion and a dark aura surrounding her.
Her hair was jet black. Her body beautiful, but angels had been taught to
resist such temptations. 

&nbsp;

She was barely
clothed, and the few remaining items she did have on (namely, a bra and a
thong) appeared forged in a cruel design. From what Micah could tell, she was
roughly the size of him. But to look in her eyes, even a hundred yards away,
gave him a chill. She was smiling, but it was a smile without warmth. It was a
smile of hunger.

&nbsp;

�Ursula!� Cried
the demons in a harsh whisper of fear. Whoever Ursula was, the fear she
inspired was tremendous.

&nbsp;

As quick as a
flash, Ursula had flown (using demonic wings that sprouted from her back then
retracted themselves) from the plateau to where Micah was standing. She gave
him a long look, deeply unsettling the angel, before turning to the demons.

&nbsp;

�Where did your
men pick this one from, Moac?� She addressed the large general demon who was
speaking to Micah. The demon smirked before answering �we captured him on the
surface.� Ursula, whose voice was as dark as the aura surrounding her, turned
back to Michah and stroked his face. He recoiled. She turned back to Moac. �Is
he tainted?� The demon shook his head, before responding �but he�s about to
be.� 

&nbsp;

The demons, still
afraid by Ursula, began to cheer at this. Ursula spun around to glare at them,
and instantly they piped down. �I�m taking this one. Have his chains detached
from that rock and handed to me.�

&nbsp;

Moac responded in
rage. �On what authority?� He spat. �Satan may believe you to be a greater
force, but I am not so fooled. This winged creature was captured by my soldiers
and is a gift to my soldiers!� The demons, uneasy, began to cheer for Moac. 

&nbsp;

Ursula responded
with a smirk, surging towards Moac and producing a coin from nowhere. �Then
there is only one way to settle this. And I am heads.� Moac looked sceptical
while Ursula spoke. �If I win, the angel is mine.� Moac smirked. �And if you
lose?� Ursula let out a low laugh �I will never again leave my cave.�

&nbsp;

After Moac had
agreed this, the coin was flipped. Ursula, unbeknownst to Moac, had used magic
to influence the coin�s outcome, and thus it landed on heads. Moac,
disappointed, had one of the demons unchain Micah from the rock.

&nbsp;

Ursula looked into
Michah�s eyes as she took his chains, her smile one of triumph. �Come on,
angel.� She hissed softly but menacingly, �it�s playtime.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Dark Descent, Part Two

 
  Chris Brooks
   jim
  2
  336
  2007-01-13T01:29:00Z
  2007-01-13T01:29:00Z
  1
  1304
  7437
   
  61
  17
  8724
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

Dark Descent, Part Two

By PainAngel

&nbsp;

Many stories were
told about the demon called Ursula.

&nbsp;

Some said she had
been created intentionally by God to give something for his soldiers to fight
against. Some said she was God�s equal. His direct opposite.
These stories were the ones told by demons; demons that did not know the whole
truth.

������������������������������������� 

The real story of
Ursula was known only to God, Satan (as well as their inner circle) and Ursula
herself. The Christian doctrine teaches that Satan became the evil overlord when
he, on his own accord, betrayed God and instigated a rebellion that gave birth
to the conflict between Heaven and Hell. But the truth is that before Satan
thought of rebellion, there was Ursula. She, like Satan, had started as an
angel, and had lived in Heaven many years before the Genesis of Earth. Ursula,
not Satan, had been the one to desire power, and many years before she
encountered Satan she had planned her supremacy. She was a creature of pure
evil, and not once in the almost infinite time she had lived had she ever shown
a shred of compassion, pity or kindness.

&nbsp;

When she had first
encountered Satan, she had seen potential in him. In a Machiavellian scheme
(despite occurring millions of years before Machiavelli�s birth) she secretly
influenced Satan into declaring war against God. When Satan was defeated,
Ursula abandoned him, claiming she had nothing to do with the rebellion. But
God, in his omnipotence, saw through her and sent her down to Hell with the
rest of the rebels. 

&nbsp;

Once Satan had
established his reign over the fiery domain, he had the problem of Ursula to
contend with. He knew she would never fall into line, nor could he share his
power with her as she would no doubt demand. She was more powerful than him,
far more. So as a compromise, he granted her the cave palace for her, on the
promise that she never make a move against Hell. 

&nbsp;

But, for Ursula,
the war and being banished were things of the past. The thing of the future was
Micah; the angel that she was now pulling down the stone steps of the cave by
his chains. She was smiling. It was not, by any stretch of the imagination, a
kind smile. She was taking great delight in his
distress; while he tried to appear strong and indifferent, she could see the
fear in his eyes. She loved fear.

&nbsp;

The stone steps descending
from the cave mouth were harsh on Micah�s feet. The shackles made it difficult
for him to move but he could tell Ursula cared little. She continued to drag
him until they reached the bottom of the steps.

&nbsp;

With a wave of
Ursula�s hand, the lights came on. Micah hardly expected this to make things
better, but he could not contend with the grim horror that faced him.

&nbsp;

It was a palace,
huge and extravagant. The sheer size of the place made it look as somewhere
royalty would live, but no sane monarch would reside in the walls considering
how the palace was decorated. The walls were blood red. Paintings were hung
everywhere, but their content! Vile scenes of torture and
depravity. There were decorations, including such vicious centre pieces
as a woman skewered by a hundred swords and a skull with a crack in it. It was
the palace of a madman, or in this case, an evil succubus. Ursula laughed
cruelly as she observed Micah�s horror, cementing his despair by whispering �Welcome home� into his ear. 

&nbsp;

Ursula stood in
front of the trembling Micah. �Now, angel.� She said,
in a harsh voice. �I�m going to demonstrate something to you. And it�s
crucially important that you take heed. Are you ready?� 

&nbsp;

Micah stared at
her with a look of pure contempt. He said nothing. The next thing he felt was a
strong backhand across his face that caused him to draw blood. He looked up, his
contemptuous gaze not changing.

&nbsp;

Ursula�s eyes
flashed with anger. Quickly, and without exerting any strain whatsoever, she
lifted him by his neck, holding him a few feet aloft with only one arm. �This
was the first thing I need to demonstrate you so you do not have any confusion
about who is the superior. This is my domain, and I am infinitely stronger than
you. If I so wished, I could rip your arms, legs and head off without breaking
a sweat. Do you understand?� Micah glowered at her still, so she tightened her
grip on his neck. �Do you understand?� She
repeated, screaming it this time. Micah started to choke, his breath becoming short.
Fearfully, he managed to choke out a small yes.


She promptly released her grip, and he dropped a few feet before holding his
neck, struggling to breathe. This provoked a smirk from Ursula, who lazily gave
him a few seconds to recover. �Good.� She drawled. �Now that is out of the way,
here is the second thing I must demonstrate to you.�

&nbsp;

She stood a few
feet away before waving her arm at him. The shackles on his arms and legs
unlocked themselves and dropped off. �If you try to attack me, I�ll rip off your
fingernails.� She said, as he found himself completely able to move. She
directed his attention to the huge set of double doors between the palace and
the stone steps out of the palace. �Now, I want you to try to escape. The doors
are open, try to make for the stairs.�

&nbsp;

Suspiciously but
curiously, Micah turned on his heel and ran. He nearly made it to the double
doors when�they slammed shut. He tried to open them but it was no use. Ursula
appeared next to him. �Do you see? This whole palace, from the doors to the
blood fountains, is under my complete control. At the flick of my hand, I can
move any item of furniture anywhere in the place.�

&nbsp;

She stared at him,
smirking slightly. �Soon enough, it�ll be the same for you. Except my control
over you won�t be telepathic.� She laughed before suddenly becoming serious. �Alright. Do you understand that I am infinitely stronger
than you?� Micah, utterly depressed, gave a nod. She slapped him, drawing more
blood. �Say it.� Micah let out a low whine before croaking out �I understand.�
She licked some of his blood from her finger. �Do you understand that I have
complete telepathic control over this palace, and that it can become an
unbreakable prison at a flick of my wrist?� Micah nodded with another �I
understand.�

&nbsp;

She smiled, again
not a kind one, and continued. �Good, then we have that out of the way. Now, I
feel it is only fair that I explain why I brought you here.�

&nbsp;

She gestured for
him to take a seat nearby, on a chair made of what felt suspiciously like the
hair of a tarantula. Or a thousand of them. He sat
down uncomfortably, waiting for her to begin. �I have brought you here because
you are to be my complete slave. You are a soldier, my kind�s equal, and I have
therefore given you the honour of being broken by me.� She paced slightly, a
sinister smirk on her face. �You will soon begin the process of having your
spirit broken. At the moment, you resist me; see me as the enemy and God as
your ruler. I do not know how long it will take, it could be five years or five
centuries, but at one point, your spirit will break. You will be completely
mine, and will worship me as your goddess. Anything that comes from me will be
like sweet nectar to you; be it urine, spit or other. The breaking will be a
bad time for you, as I will have to put you through a lot of pain and
suffering. But once it is over, you will be more than willing to accept your
place at my feet.�

&nbsp;

For a few seconds,
Micah was silent, mulling this over in his mind. He suddenly looked incredibly
pale, panicking before calming himself mentally. It would be alright, he told
himself. If he committed suicide he would lose his wings but still return to
Heaven. It was different for humans, suicide was one of the worst sins they
could commit. As soon as her back was turned he would find a way to kill
himself.

&nbsp;

While he was deep
in thought, Ursula appeared at his side. �You will not find suicide your best
option soon, angel.� Micah recoiled in panic. She could read his thoughts? This
made things a thousand times worse; she could tell when he was officially
broken. He stared at her. �It�s the only way I�ll return to my home.� 

&nbsp;

This was,
predictably, met with another hard smack. Ursula hissed at him as her hand drew
blood on his face again. �You do not seem to understand. This is your home now;
you will never again see Heaven.� Micah dabbed at the blood on his face. �You
can�t stop me.� 

&nbsp;

This promoted a
sinister laugh from Ursula that made Micah, on his chair made of tarantula
hair, shudder. �Tell me, angel,� she began, slowly, �what�s one sin that will
get an angel expelled from Heaven?�

&nbsp;

Micah thought for
a second. There was betrayal, but that wasn�t the answer she was aiming for.
What could it be? Suddenly, he jolted. He knew what the sin was.

&nbsp;

�No. You�you
can�t!� He yelped. The sin was intercourse.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  PainAngel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





