BDSM Library - Crystal Clear




Crystal Clear
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: \"She knew that she was out of her depth; she was usually self assured, confident, controlled. She was proud of her ability to handle herself well, people saw what she wanted them to see, that is not to say that she was deceptive she had just got used to dealing with things alone. If she was honest with herself she was a bit of a control freak. It was safer that way. She always thought that she would like to have a man who would take the lead and make her give everything, stripped and bare to the core, in her minds eye she saw it being safe and perfect, being happy and relaxed while still feeling electric. That was not how she now found herself, caught between wanting and needing to be there and the growing fear of falling and the urge to run. Crystal knew that this man was going to make her give everything whether she offered it or not, her very soul was laid open to his gaze, she would learn now the most basic of lessons.    Be Careful What You Wish For! 







Crystal Clear

 
  Doulas Swallow
   jim
  2
  5
  2007-01-10T03:04:00Z
  2007-01-12T01:36:00Z
  2007-01-12T01:36:00Z
  1
  15108
  86117
  D S Decorating
  717
  202
  101023
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Crystal
Clear.

Written by

Gemma Swallow AKA Tainted
Angel

&nbsp;

&quot;She
knew that she was out of her depth; she was usually self assured, confident,
controlled. She was proud of her ability to handle herself well, people saw
what she wanted them to see, that is not to say that she was deceptive she had
just got used to dealing with things alone. If she was honest with herself she was
a bit of a control freak. It was safer that way. She always thought that she
would like to have a man who would take the lead and make her give everything,
stripped and bare to the core, in her minds eye she saw it being safe and
perfect, being happy and relaxed while still feeling electric. That was not how
she now found herself, caught between wanting and needing to be there and the
growing fear of falling and the urge to run. Crystal knew that this man was
going to make her give everything whether she offered it or not, her very soul
was laid open to his gaze, she would learn now the most basic of lessons.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Be
Careful What You Wish For!&quot;
.................................................. ...........................................



&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER
ONE. � A Night to remember.

She stood and checked herself in the mirror, the make up looked good, the
outfit was daring yet classic in its flattery of her shape. It had been a long
time since she had been dressing up to go out. Even though she was the young
end of her thirty's she had not spent much time being single and had no time to
look after herself while she was raising her family. She was not bitter rather
the opposite, there was no acrimony in the split with her husband they had
simply grown apart, the children were older and beginning their own families
and she was starting out again on the next stage of her journey.

Returning her attention to her reflection she added the finishing touches, a
Diamante hair slide to draw attention to the perfectly styled swirl of hair,
with single ringlet curls falling down to lightly caress her shoulders, She
added some delicate pear drop earring�s and held up two necklaces . The first
was a leather choker with a metal connecting ring at the front and a heart
hanging from it which said love, the second was another choker this time with
two rows of diamonds which dropped from her throat to the top of her cleavage
and drew the eye. After looking at both she decided on the leather one, it
reminded her of a collar which certainly sent a message but with it being
leather it also made a statement about her Character that she appreciated.
Fixing the choker in place so the ring was sitting perfectly at the bottom of
her throat where her collar bones met. She smiled into the mirror and licked
her lips making her lipstick shine, �This Bitch means business&quot;


With that comment on her lips the honk of the Taxi below signally time to
leave. She grabbed her shoes deciding to put them on in the car on the way, she
was ready.

Climbing out of the taxi she rearranged her skirt and looked around for her
friends, they were nowhere to be seen but she was early so she waited. 
A slight smile crossed her lips as she remembered the taxi drive, she had
thought that they were going to crash at one point because the driver was too
busy looking in the mirror at her to watch the road. She had got in the back of
the taxi shoes in hand and tried to lean down to put them on, the cars cramped
interior did not allow for enough room and so she had tried to curl her leg
behind her to do it, she found that although she could get her shoes on she
could not fasten them.


Without thinking she had slid down on the chair and hitched her skirt up so
that she had more movement in her legs, bringing her knee to her chest and
reaching down she had been able to secure the straps around her ankles. When
she lifted her head she caught the eye of the driver in the rear view mirror,
he was watching her and she realized that he had a perfect view right up her
now very short skirt.


She flushed slightly and sat up, then in a moment of crazy abandon she returned
her gaze to the mirror and smiled at the driver, this time she did not reach
down to secure her strap but lifted her leg so that her heel was on the Edge of
the seat giving him a perfect angle, reaching across she secured her shoe and
trailed her fingers from her ankles slowly up her leg over her knee and up to
her thighs. There was a moment of electricity in the stare between her and the
driver before a loud horn broke the moment and the car swerved to avoid the
traffic.


She had not paid for that taxi ride and had been given the drivers card for the
return journey. She felt a bit like a hooker getting out of that taxi but it
gave her an edge of excitement that she liked. It was going to be an
interesting night.

An hour later she found herself with her friends at the bar with a row of
Tequila, a plate of lemon and a salt shaker. Her friends were giggling like
schoolgirls 
and eyeing the shot nervously. Crystal was not going to let anyone get away
without drinking their shots and was watching them intently,


�So lick the back of your hand and pour salt on it. Then its salt, Tequila,
lemon.&quot;


Her friends didn't look convinced but they followed her lead and were soon all
holding there shots. 
She counted to three and they all licked, drank and bit. The warmth of the
Tequila was just beginning to spread as the sourness of the lemon subsided.


The bar was busy and they were dancing and drinking. Crystal loved to dance, to
her it was an expression of who she was and there was something primal about it
a sort of courting routine without the emptiness of small talk. She was dancing
now thinking about her new found freedom and starting again when she noticed
that she was being watched.


The man was sitting in a raised seating area at the side of the dance floor, he
was watching her, not in a subtle and discreet way but boldly and without
apology, his eyes which had been following the shape of her body now locked
onto hers. For a minute she was completely lost in that stare and she lost her
rhythm. She stumbled slightly on her own feet and the music which had
momentarily seemed to stop crashed back into her conciseness. Embarrassed by
her bashfulness she looked down and laughed out loud as she realized how silly
she must look.


Composing herself she took a breath and walked over to the bar, obviously she
had been out of the dating scene for too long. She reached the bar and looked
over to where the man had been sitting, she couldn't see him, she was looking
for him and moving her hips to the music at the same time. 
&quot;Is that dance for my benefit?&quot; the voice behind her startled
her and she swung around,

I erm
well erm!&quot; she fumbled for words that seemed to have
deserted her.

&quot;Are
you always this eloquent?&quot; She looked up and met the eyes that for the
second time that night were locked on hers and completely destroying her
concentration.

She
laughed, it was the only thing she could think of to do and it seemed to do a
little to ease the tension of the situation.
&quot;I'm sorry, you startled me, I'm Crystal&quot; She smiled at him.
&quot;Pleased to meet you Crystal, I am Gary; can I buy you a drink?&quot;

Crystal had not realized that they had got to the bar and were ready to be
served, Gary bought the drinks and she walked with him back to the table that
he had watched her from, they chatted for quite a while and Crystal lost track
of anything but the conversation, it was only when her friends came ready to
move on that she snapped back to reality. She apologized and made her move to
leave. Gary handed her a business card and she returned the gesture, she walked
out of the bar smiling and continued with her night. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER
2 � A man less ordinary.

The next day when she logged onto her computer she had a new MSN contact
request from him. Daily conversations ensued and she was surprised to find that
not only was he charming, but his humor and wit were refreshing. He had a
gentlemanly quality that she liked and it suited him. They discussed their
lives, their jobs everyday stuff, she found that she felt comfortable talking
to him and was telling him things that she had never mentioned to others
before. 

Then one evening the conversations became more intimate. She was glad that
night that the computer was between them, she flushed scarlet when he had asked
her to describe her favorite sexual fantasy, nervously and with more than a
touch of naivety she recounted scenes of her desires, she started simple
testing the waters and told him that her thoughts of people walking in on her
while she was masturbating, he seemed interested but not impressed.

Taking the cue She elaborated about what would happen next, he listened to her
tell of a scene where the man would bring her off but refuse to enter her until
she came loudly. He asked her about other fantasies and she told him about
watching couples having sex but being unable to get through the glass to reach
them, she told him of being woken in the night by the onset of a crashing
orgasm which was inescapable. 

His comments and replies gave her chills and she almost couldn't believe that
she was really hearing it. Gary asked her if she had fantasies of being forced
into sex, of being bound and helpless while her captor took what he wanted. She
couldn't believe it, she was there all defensive over this mans bare face
cheek. She thought to herself what type of person she would be if she were to
enjoy the idea of being made to have sex and against her will, she was
incredulous and she told him so. She sat back with a high and mighty edge and
awaited his reply feeling pleased with herself for defending her honor so well;
his response was not the apology that she had expected. 

&quot;I'll take that as a yes then, I think that I may have touched a
nerve.&quot;

She stared at the computer blankly.

&quot;You know that it is the most common female sexual fantasy, it is not
about rape at all, it is about releasing responsibility.&quot;

The defenses ebbed slightly and the knot in her stomach subsided somewhat, she
relaxed a little, she realized that this was to be no ordinary conversation;
she took a deep breath, a glug of her wine and started to type.

That night she told Gary all of her deepest and most secret thoughts, she told
him how she dreamed of being bound and used, she told him her need for approval
and her wish to be completely without control, she even told him about her curiosity
about female only sex, at times she was aroused, embarrassed and at times she
was emotional, she had cried as she told him that she needed to feel protected
and loved, she didn't know why but she somehow knew that no matter what he was
not going to laugh, or judge. 

He had been patient and supportive of her revelations as if he understood that
they were as much news to her as to him, this was her personal acceptance that
they were real. She ended the conversation feeling completely drained but somehow
content.

&nbsp;

They
continued to have online conversations where they revealed to each other
details of intimate parts of their lives, he had more experience than her and
had told her of his tastes when it came to sexual relationships, she was
thrilled and curious. She had always dreamed of being with a man who would make
her submit. 

She began to start looking forward to their chats, she became distracted at
work and the first thing that she would do when she got home was to turn on the
computer to see if he was online. After late night conversations he suggested
that they should chat in a more intimate way, she had no idea what he meant but
was pleased when he suggested her getting a web cam so that they could talk to
each other and see each other. 

The next day she purchased a web cam installed it and waited for his next move.
She thought that she was going to burst with anticipation when the ringing told
her that he had initiated a web cam chat. She sat, played with her hair, took a
deep breath and clicked on accept, a second later the connection flicked to
life and she was staring into the eyes that she had not been able to stop
thinking about for weeks.

It was harder on web cam to chat, not because he was harder to chat to but
because he picked up on things that she was doing, like playing with her hair
when she was uneasy, he noticed when she hesitated and he seemed to be able to
read her very thoughts. They flirted with words and played with tasters of what
they wanted to do to each other; Crystal relaxed and began to feel comfortable.

He asked her if she had masturbated over their conversations and she happily
told him that she had and had thoughts about what may come after, he asked her
if she was feeling horny talking to him and she admitted that she was turned on
by his voice and his eyes, he asked her if she thought that she was ready to
try a different type of relationship where she gave over control to another
person and she assured him that she was. Then he told her to masturbate.

Crystal flushed crimson as she realized what he had said, her eyes filled with
question and confusion, he must have seen it, she thought about what had been
said and she realized that this was a test, she resolved that this would be a
test that she would pass because deep down she wanted to please him and she
wanted to feel his touch. Taking in a slow and deep breath she reached slowly
for her most intimate spot where there was a growing heat and wetness, she ran
her fingers up and down the whole area from hood to hole and moistened her
fingers dipping them slightly into the growing pool of her juices.

He had been watching her and was impressed by the way that she handled herself,
she had not reacted as he expected with shock and questions, she had not told
him that she could not do it and he had not had to repeat himself. He had seen
the questions and the uncertainty in her eyes but he had also seen the strength
of a woman who knew that there was a bigger picture. Tonight she would do
whatever he asked. It was unfortunate but necessary that tonight she would have
to learn her first lesson, that there was no room for breaking his rules, his
instructions were to be followed to the letter and she would fall asleep
tonight with only that thought in her head, but for now he was going to enjoy
seeing just how far she would follow what he said before breaking.

Crystal was lost in what she was doing she had her eyes closed and was running
her fingers slowly around her clit and then down to her hole and behind wetting
the whole area and feeling the sensitivity building, he had been quiet maybe
taking in her face, he spoke now with an authority which threatened that
disobedience Was not to be tolerated.

&quot;You will describe to me everything that you are doing, you will do it as
you usually would and you must stop and remove your fingers before you orgasm.
You can not cum until I give my permission. Begin.&quot;

Crystal started shakily her voice faltering; 

&quot;I am circling my entrance with my fingers, I am doing this slowly and
I am putting slight pressure on the area between it and my ass hole, I am
pushing my fingers inside myself slightly rubbing inside as I remove them, I am
moving my finger up toward my clit with one finger running along each side
pulling my fingers together at the top. I am rubbing it over my clit and then
back toward my entrance.&quot;

Her breathing was steady but speeding up he was watching her face with
interest, she was facing the camera head back resting on the leather chair, her
eyes were closed, mouth relaxed while she was talking and cheeks becoming
flushed partly from the request and partly from the actions which she was
performing. 
He could feel in himself the stirrings of an erection and repositioned himself
in his trousers; he could relieve himself later thinking about this for now his
attention had to be on her and the journey that she was taking. She was
beginning to struggle now to keep her breathing steady and to talk while she
was continuing her efforts,;

&quot;I'm, I'm circling my erm��. I'm circling my clit with my fingers and
I'm��. ohhh �.I'm�� MM�� rubbing my finger over it, it feels, it is OH�. I am
so sensitive, I can feel myself tightening inside and getting wetter Ohhhh I
can feel myself I, I. OH���� Mm��.. mm��� Hohhot����. Hohho��������������������.&quot;

He smiled; �You have stopped talking&quot;

&quot;I erm I'm sorry I will do better I promise I'm sorry I got carried
away&quot; Her face was a picture of shame and uneasiness.

&quot;I want you to push a finger inside yourself, push it in as far as you
can reach, now I want you to remove it and hold it up to the camera, I want to
see your wet finger glistening. Now I want you to lick it clean, put that
finger into your mouth and suck it, show me how you would suck me if I were
there.&quot;

Crystal had tasted her own juices before but she had never completely sucked
her fingers covering in them, she felt completely self conscious and slightly
humiliated, she didn't want to refuse and she felt that she had to make up for
she loss of self control when masturbating so she closed her eyes and tried to
imagine his erection being in her mouth and not her own finger, She touched the
end of her finger with her tongue placing her finger on the pierced bar in her
tongue, She tasted a little salty but also sweet, she could tell from the taste
that she was turned on, her juices were thick and white, she smelled musky a
smell of need. She pushed the bar down the centre of her finger pushing her
finger into her mouth, opening her mouth before closing her lips onto the base
of her finger then pulling the finger completely out and down and licking the end
of her finger so that he could see, she flashed him a look that she hoped
portrayed come to bed, she felt like she was auditioning for a bad porn movie
but found that it excited her that he was getting a show.

&quot;Good now continue what you were doing and Keep talking&quot;


&quot;yes of course, erm I erm, I'm again I'm running my fingers over my
entire area and coating them in my juices, I am reaching inside with two
fingers and tickling the area just inside of me, I am removing my fingers and
trailing them up toward my clit where I am circling the area but not actually
touching , I rub one finger over the hood lightly pulling at it to tease my
clit and I continue to circle , I continue to circle while I am teasing myself
My hips are starting to rock and I can feel the first stirrings of my orgasm
building, I erm�.. I��. I........... Move my finger to cover my clit now and
rub gently up and down maintaining pressure simply rolling it under my
finger�.. ohh�.. I OH�.. I rub around�. and then over, around and then over�. I
can feel it building I around and over faster and faster I&quot;

&quot;STOP&quot;

He moan of frustration was loud and clear and she flushed when she realized how
loud it had been.

&quot;I told you to stop before you were orgasmic were you planning to do
that?&quot;

&quot;I Yes I was erm�.. Just about to&quot; Her face gave away the fact
that she was not going to stop at all.

&quot;You WILL Stop next time or this conversation is over, Continue&quot;

&quot;I am moving away from my clit and using my fingers, two inside me and
pushing them in and out, in and out I am feeling for my G spot and rubbing the
inside of myself, in and out oh in, out mmmm, in and out,, ohh I'm going to
come&quot;

She removed her finger and he could hear her panting trying to hold off her
orgasm and keep her flaring frustrations in check.

&quot;Good now continue&quot;

For the next 15 minutes Crystal played and described everything that she was
doing, the intervals between her stopping were becoming shorter and she was
visibly shaking from the effort and the frustration, The resolve that she had
earlier and her embarrassment had disappeared at about the same time and all
that she cared about at this moment was getting her release however she could.
He could actually see her rocking in her chair.

&quot;I'm circling my clit with my left hand and I have two fingers working
in and out and I am so wet, my whole area is drenched and I am so hot and I
want to come ohh I want to come please let me come, Please, Sir please, I need
to, �Oh I am working my fingers in and
out mmmmmmmm OHHHHH I am, my fingers are circling, OH my God aahh please I
can't I cant; oh my god Please let me I can't I OHHHHHHHHHHHAhhh aahh aahh mmmm
mmmm.&quot;

He knew that this was going to be it, he saw her face flush and her eyes roll
almost before she started to orgasm, he saw her tense as the feelings came over
her and then the shake and the jerks of an orgasm that had been built and
denied. He had been impressed by her ability to control her orgasm, maybe this
was a game that she played with herself, and it had become obvious though that
she had never played it for this long. He had noted that she begged very
nicely, this would be something that he would remember. For now though the time
had come.

&quot;I am disappointed, I distinctively told you that you were not to
orgasm until I permitted you to, you disrespect my wishes, This conversation is
over, Goodnight&quot;

With that the connection closed and Crystal was left staring at an empty
screen.

Crystal was still feeling the spasms of her orgasm when she realized that he
really had logged off, she was stunned and angry but then overwhelmingly sad,
she had disappointed him, she had let him down and now he was gone, If she had
only followed his instructions he may have let her orgasm and they would be
chatting now, she had been selfish and stupid and she was ashamed, even the
warm afterglow of her orgasm didn't help to dispel the feelings of emptiness
that she felt now. Tears began to well in her eyes, tears of hurt, of loss and
of fear that he may be gone and not be back.

She showered and went to bed tired, upset and cried herself to sleep; the last
thing on her mind was that from now on she must follow every command to the
letter, no matter what.

The next day seem to drag and when she got home Crystal looked at the computer
screen for a long while before turning it on, she saw that he was on line and
was thinking of what she could possibly say when a message appeared from him.

&quot;Have you learned your lesson?&quot;
&quot;Yes, I have, I'm sorry&quot;
&quot;Do you want to make up for your mistake?&quot;
&quot;Yes absolutely&quot;
&quot;Then you will meet me?&quot;
&quot;I will, when and where?&quot;

The details were arranged and the date set, she would finally get what she felt
that she wanted and she would prove that she could earn his forgiveness. She
went to bed that night smiling and full of hope and of determination to make
him forget that she ever disobeyed him at all.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER
THREE � The Baptism of Fire.

Crystal was full of trepidation when the taxi dropped her outside the house,
she paid the driver and checked the address with the one on the scrap of paper
she held in her hand, it was the right address, that was a good start, the
right address was always a good thing because we wouldn't want to get the wrong
address that would be bad. She shook her head, the rambling in her head was a
clear indication that she was a lot more nervous than she wanted to be. Nervous
she laughed out loud, she was terrified. She could already feel the pounding in
her chest and tightness in her stomach. 

She took a deep breath and walked toward the door, she closed her eyes to
steady herself before ringing the bell. Gary answered the door quickly and
guided her in, he took her coat and led her into the lounge, they made small
talk for a few minutes and then he took her hand in his.

&quot;You know why I have asked you here? Are you sure that this is what you
want?&quot;

Crystal had to smile there was such sincerity in his eyes and a touch of
something else, maybe concern she didn't know. 

�I know why I am here and I am sure that this is what I want.&quot; She
matched his sincerity and portrayed more certainty than she felt.

&quot;Then let us begin: 
For now there are three rules; 
Rule one; You will address me as Master or Sir and you will answer to Pet or
Slave.

Rule
two; you will only speak when you are directed to by me. 
Rule three; you must follow all of my instructions promptly and completely
without hesitation. By accepting these rules you are agreeing to them and to
relinquish control to me for the time that you are here. Do you understand
these rules; you may speak to answer me.&quot;

Crystal took a deep breath,


&quot;I understand&quot; She knew that those words were the only
external sign of her crossing the line from the safety and security of fantasy
into the real and uncertain world of reality.

&quot;While you are here, you are going to experience many things; you are
not a prisoner and are free to leave at any time. Your safe-word is RED, if you
say that word, and then everything will stop immediately. If you cannot speak,
clicking your fingers will replace that word&quot; 

There was a long pause, the silence was uncomfortable, and it felt heavy like a
blanket of anticipation falling upon her. The enormity of those statements and
of what she was about to do was starting to sink in. She knew that she was out
of her depth; she was usually very self assured, confident, controlled. She
prided herself on her ability to handle herself well, people saw what she
wanted them to see, that is not to say that she was deceptive she had just got
used to dealing with things alone. If she was honest with herself she was a
little bit of a control freak. It was safer that way.

&nbsp;

She
always thought that she would like to have a man who would take the lead and
make her give everything, stripped and bare to the core, in her minds eye she
saw it being safe and perfect, her being happy and relaxed while still feeling
electric. That was not how she found herself now, caught between wanting
and needing to be there and the growing fear of falling and the urge to run.
She forced herself to breath. She could feel his eyes on her studying her
reaction maybe, she willed him to say something, anything she needed some
direction to distract her from the rising panic in her mind.

&quot;Stand for me my pet, remove your clothes and stand so that I can see
you.&quot; 

Crystal stood on shaky legs, she could feel Adrenalin coursing through her even
though she knew that this was only the beginning She silently cursed her
imagination for running away and allowing her now to lose so early the control
that she had planned to fight for. 

She took off her clothes, top first then her skirt, she had no bra on and her
nipples stiffened instantly upon hitting the cool air, she had on a red thong
which she hesitated as she removed, she could feel his eyes on her, did he know
that she was buying time?

She was standing now in black Knee high boots and a leather choker, the irony
of the choice of jewelry was not lost on her now. 
There was something about the fact that she was naked and he was fully dressed
that made her feel more vulnerable. He walked around her circling her just too
far away to reach even if she were to dare to try. She was fidgeting with her
hands by her sides, she didn't know what to do with them and her weight was
shifting from one foot to the other.

&quot;Move your legs to shoulder distance apart, place your hands behind
your back crossed at your wrists, arch your back and hold your head high, lower
your eyes unless I state that you must look at me, This is your position to
present yourself to me, If I ask that you be on your knees then you will sit on
your feet and open your knees to the same distance apart.&quot;

She moved silently to comply with his command; it was not an uncomfortable
position although the aching of her back did mean that her breasts were forced
out and prominent. It took more focus to maintain than an everyday position
reminding her of why she was here. His hands on her hair made her gasp with
surprise, he was standing behind her and removing the clips which held her hair
in place, her hair was tumbling down onto her back, a shiver passed over her
and Goosebumps leaped across her skin.

&quot;Do not move&quot;

He ran his fingers down her hair, down her back and onto her wrists which were
now crossed in the small of her back, after their last conversation he had told
her to remove all hair from the neck down, the sensations on her arms now as he
worked his way up were like nothing she had felt before, his hands climbed
alternating his touch from the outside to the inside of her arms. Gently
leading goose bumps over her skin. He reached across her chest, hands flat,
fingers spread he moved so that he was cupping her breasts in his hands but his
fingers were splayed so he never touched her nipples. 

Crystal moaned, involuntarily her back arched and her hips pushed back reaching
to find him, she moved slightly attempting to get her nipples to make contact
with his hands. The Sharp pain that came shocked her so much she cried out and
her hands moved to protect her nipple. He had pinched one of her nipples
between his fingers and he held the pressure. In one very quick movement he
caught her hands and secured them back in place.

&quot;Demanding little thing aren't we,&quot;

He breathed the words into her ear, he was pulling down on her arms and so
forcing her shoulders back, her head was almost resting on his shoulder. She
whimpered something incoherent. 

&quot;You are going to learn that your body is mine to do with what I please
when I please, you must earn my attention. Now I will teach you some manners
and some patience.&quot;

His knee pushed on the back of hers and her legs collapsed from under her, she
was on her knees with him following her down still holding her wrists, he had
released her nipple and the sudden rush of blood returning had caused another
wave of sensation to burn through it. She gasped with shock and pain and the
dawning realization of what she may have agreed to.

Crystals mind was racing, she was still trying to catch up on what had
happened, she suddenly became aware that he had let go of her wrists and she
tried to move. She found to that she had been bound while he was talking and it
appeared to her that he had tied opposite legs to opposite wrists maintaining
her in the position she was in and forcing both her chest and her hips forward.
She started to panic slightly, and called out, 

&quot;Please Sir, I�m sorry. I�ll..&quot;

&quot;I told you only to speak when I give you permission, I was not
planning on using this so soon but you obviously need to learn.

He walked in front in her and showed her what was to come, he seemed to relish
the fact that her eyes widened as she looked at the ball gag that he held in
his hands, she started to squirm and tried to protest but this was stopped
short by the force of the gag being pushed into her mouth. It took a moment for
her to get used to it and to adjust her breathing to accommodate the
obstruction. She closed her eyes and willed herself to calm down.

Her breath was coming more quickly now, he could see her nipples were hard,
skin was pinking, and he could smell her arousal and didn't need to look to
know that she was wet.

&quot;This is turning you on isn't it&quot; She shook her head; he
lifted her chin forcing her to meet his eyes.

&quot;please remember that I have done this before, I can recognize the
changes and I know that you are reacting, I have only ever been honest with you
so do not lie to me&quot;

There
was no mistaking his tone, she dropped her eyes and nodded in agreement,
resignation an acceptance. He reached out for her and placed his hand on her
face, his fingers caressed her neck and his thumb brushed her cheek, she leaned
her face into his touch. He saw her eyes soften, the last of the smoke of anger
dispersing, she was now perfectly still and silent.

He moved his hand across her cheek and ran his fingers and thumb over her neck,
he felt her shiver and she closed her eyes. His hand followed its path across
her collar bones tracing the line where her neck and body met, he crossed her
chest following the shape of her breast, dropping down between them and
continuing tracing the underside of the opposite breast. He flipped his hand
over and ran the upside of his fingernails down her side, her shiver was
visible this time and she moaned into her gag.

&nbsp;

He
stood and moved back, again walking around her, watching, admiring, she didn�t
know; all that she knew was that the withdrawal of his touch left her feeling
empty and exposed somehow. She wanted to shout him and make him come back, she
wanted to beg him to return the touch to her skin, she knew that she was
pouting and that her inner child was kicking and screaming. She sighed; there
was no way that she could do anything until he decreed it. She felt a smile
creeping to her lips before realizing that she couldn�t exactly smile, there
was something funny about the situation that she had placed herself in, his
situation. She wanted to feel everything afraid or not she knew why she was
here. She looked over to him, couldn�t see him and started to move her head
trying to shift the ball into a more comfortable position.

&nbsp;



He
couldn�t help but laugh, poor lamb she looked a picture trying to move her gag
like a horse with a bit in it�s teeth. He had forgotten momentarily how new she
was to this. He picked up the bag and walked back to her to ease her
discomfort�. For now anyway.

&nbsp;

He
stopped just in front of her and she looked up at him, to him there was nothing
on mothers great earth sexier than a bound woman on her knees looking up at him
with no idea what was coming next, well there was perhaps one thing sexier and
she was about to become it.



&nbsp;

He
knelt behind her reaching his hand up her back he grabbed the back of her neck,
squeezing his fingers together until she took a sharp intake of breath he
released the pressure and stroked his fingers up and down her neck. He reached
down to her shoulders and rubbed her upper arms, crossing her chest he repeated
the action of cupping her breasts with open fingers, he ran his fingers around
her breast, never touching her nipples, he could feel her trying to squirm, he
removed his hands and reached for the bag.

&nbsp;

When
he returned to her breasts, he used his thumb and finger to pinch her nipples,
she moaned into her gag, he looked at her and smiled as he placed the first
clamp on her nipple. Her eyes flared with pain and shock and he placed the next
clamp on the other side. Her moans in the gag were longer now, he inspected the
clamps and ran his fingers over the chain that linked then and which also held
the crystal weight, it looked amazing on her, like a pendulum swaying on her
chest. He gave the crystal a tap sending it swinging and tugging on the cramps
on her nipples.

&nbsp;

She
moaned with each swing it took. He ran a flinger each lightly over the very tip
of her nipples which were protruding from the clamps, her moan sounded more
pleading and she tried to move out of his reach. She realized quickly that this
was a bad idea as each movement caused more pressure on her clamps and the crystal
to swing more. She had never felt anything like the sensitivity of his finger
brushing the end of her nipple as the clamps bit into her tender buds.

&nbsp;

He
replaced his hand on her neck and stilled her, he tugged each chain gently but
enough to cause some pain this time there was no moan into the gag, she was
panting through her nose and each breath came out with a whine.

&nbsp;

�Take
deep breaths�

&nbsp;

She
took a long breath in which shuddered slightly and then released it. She was
shaking slightly and he wasn�t at all happy with her breathing.

&nbsp;

He
bent down and reached behind her head, unfastening the gag he removed it
slowly, a slight groan left her lips before he reminded her not to speak.

She
moved her jaw and licked her lips but remained silent and still. She took a
deep breath which juddered as it entered her chest and blew it out of her mouth;
she repeated this and steadied her breathing.

&nbsp;

She
watched him intently as he reached down to unbuckle his belt, he remove the
belt completely before moving onto the buttons which he teased open one at a
time.

Pulling
open his trousers he allowed them to drop slightly onto his hips. He reached
one hand into his trousers and the other out to her head, there was no doubt in
his unspoken instructions.

&nbsp;

He
held her head as he stepped forward and guided her into position, he moaned
softly as the heat and wetness of her mouth enveloped him and the contrast of
the softness of her tongue with the hard bar she wore in it was delicious under
his shaft. He thrust his hips forward and grabbed her mane of thick hair at the
base of her scull; she bobbed her head slowly under his grasp working him from
base to tip in every motion. He dropped his head back and closed his eyes savoring
her feel on him, he allowed her this time, to attend to him he enjoyed it for
what it was but she soon began to bore him, it was not that she was bad but his
tastes were a little more extreme.

&nbsp;

He
tightened his grip on her hair and pulled down so that her head was forced
back, her eyes met his and a shock ran through him like a jolt of electricity,
he thrust hard into her and holding her firm fucked her mouth. This was it,
this was the sexiest thing, this was his perfect moment, she start to struggle
as he slammed against the back of her throat, unaccustomed to the assault her
gag reflex was kicking in making her throat practically massage the head of his
shaft, she was trying to moan, to protest and the sounds were buzzing on his
cock sending vibrations through him that seemed to penetrate his skin to his
core.

He
continued his administrations and each thrust buried him deep into her, her
lips were reaching the very base of his shaft and the wetness from her mouth
covered his whole area. He stopped his thrusting now and held himself in
position, a new type of gag restraining her voice; she moaned and looked up at
him waiting.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

He
moved himself forward slightly and again she started to protest, she must have
sensed his intentions, he moved his hips back slightly easing her position and
allowing her just an inch of room to back her head away, then sharply and
without warning he thrust hard into her mouth and reapplied the pressure on her
hair, with both hands now either side of her head fingers meeting at her neck he
moaned and bucked slightly then found a rhythm with short sharp, fast thrusts
into her, his head rubbing on her throat and the roof of her mouth, he could
feel himself building and slowed his speed, he wanted to see her eyes, he
wanted her to look into his and beg with all of her energy, eye to eye.

&nbsp;

He
changed his rhythm again and again tugged on her hair to tilt her head, he
rubbed his head onto the roof of her mouth and then positioned it so that it
was just inside her mouth, placing his hand under her chin and grasping both
cheeks in a vice grip he quickly rose himself to his climax thrusting his head
in and out of her lips, her tongue pressed to the bottom of her mouth bar
rubbing in just the right spot, he pulled out just as her started to ejaculate
and spilled his hot milky seed all over her face

&nbsp;



She was
quite a sight face red and soaking saliva dropping from her chin, she was
breathless and helpless, he smiled down at her as he smeared the wetness of
their joining over her face with his cock, he was rubbing himself over her
face, across her cheeks, around her nose and over her mouth, he gave a tug on
her hair and again she took him into her, this time though she was relaxed,
tired and humiliated, it was a shame he thought he quite enjoyed the struggle
but he was sure that this would not be the last time that he would show her
what true submission meant.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Crystal
was tired, her eyes felt heavy, they were stinging and burning from his cum
which was drying hard on her face, she didn�t have the energy to fight, to struggle
and strangely felt quite peaceful, her bindings which earlier had felt like a
lead weight upon her now seemed to give a comfort of security. She pondered how
so much could be different in this time and in this space. Her tongue hurt a
bit, she figured it had not had such violent movement before and would settle
down, she tasted no blood. Her throat was sore and upon trying to make noise
she found it was hard and hoarse. She felt different somehow, maybe it was
simply fatigue but she felt almost meditative like she wasn�t quite in her own
body. Her neck hurt and her head felt heavy, she let it drop and wondered where
he had gone.

&nbsp;



She was jolted back to consciousness
by the feeling of sudden weightlessness, she tensed poised to respond and then
relaxed when she realized that he had picked her up and was carrying her, her
hands were by her sides and he held her around her back and under her knees,
she reached up to put her arms around his neck only to be stopped by a sudden
soreness and stiffness on the top of her arms. She moaned and dropped her arms,
noticing as they fell that although they were free her wrists still had on them
leather cuffs with metal rings on them, �all the better to retrain you with my
dear� she managed a weak laugh at the fact that her humor was still intact
after what was easily the most bizarre day of her life.

&nbsp;

They stopped and she found
herself placed onto a bed, not just onto a bed but it was covered in a throw
which felt to her skin like the fur on a teddy when you are a child, she lay
and sighed eyes still closed against the stinging, completely blind but senses
buzzing.

She felt a rubbing on the top
of her arms and was going to protest but it felt good so she simply sighed
again and allowed the actions, he rubbed and moved her arms one at a time at a
time releasing all of the stiffness and soreness that had gathered there. He
placed her arms above her head which felt quite nice stretching the muscles
after being behind her for so long.

&nbsp;

She gasped as she felt a warm
cloth being applied to her eyes, gently clearing them of the fire she had felt,
she moaned her appreciation and relaxed into the softness of the bed. The final
thought that crossed her mind before sleep enveloped her was that she should be
angry or scared of something but right now with softness and warmth and comfort
all that she could think to be was grateful.

&nbsp;

Crystal was swimming in an
ocean of blue, sitting in a shallow pool she could hear the sea crashing
against the rocks and feel the waves lapping at her, she could feel the heat of
the sun on her skin warming her breasts contrasting with the coolness of her
bottom half, she felt wave crash over her like the lapping sea was tugging at
her womb tantalizingly teasing her intimate spots. A heat was building spreading
through her stomach creeping across her skin. She stretched her arms and legs
and let a moan escape her lips as the waves continued to lap and the heat
continued to build, she closed her eyes and moaned as the growing sensations
enveloped her, she reached for herself to finish what was starting when she
found that she couldn�t move her arm that far, she opened her eyes.

&nbsp;

She found herself bound at four
corners just as the waves of orgasm crashed over her, her moans which had been
quiet and appreciative became urgent and demanding and she writhed with
pleasure and release. She was shaking and panting when it finally dawned on her
where she was, she was moving to look for Gary when she felt his fingers which
had been still begin to move and massage what was an already sensitive spot,
she moaned loudly and pulled slightly on the restraints not to break free this
but as a move of frustration of not being able to contain her desire. Her
moaning was urgent again and almost constant as his second hand circled around
her still swollen clit. His fingers gave a final rub and both hands moved away,
she nearly screamed with shock and pleasure when his mouth found her clit, he
caught it between his teeth slightly and then encased it and sucked, she could
do nothing to stop her hips bucking as she tried to tell him to stop but could
only master

&nbsp;

�Oh my god�

&nbsp;

His voice was thick with need
and full of intensity

&nbsp;

�Not quite but I�m working
on it�

&nbsp;

His tongue circled from probing
her entrance to flicking her clit and he continued relentlessly until she was
straining on her restrains in a futile attempt to keep still.

&nbsp;

�Tell me what you want my
slave, what do you need from me?�

&nbsp;

Crystal was beside herself, his
finger had replaced his mouth but he was speaking close enough to her for her
to feel the heat of his breath.

&nbsp;

�I, Please Sir I want to
come, please Master let me come. Sir please I need to, I need to come.�

&nbsp;

She had never in her life felt
the need for release as much as she did now, the build up of feeling was
bordering pain she felt light headed and as though he were somehow turning a
coil inside her, at this moment she would have done anything to simply see what
was beyond this seduction.

&nbsp;

�I was proud of you last
night�

&nbsp;

His words hit her just as the
second orgasm crashed over her, white lights spread across her eyes and her
whole body shook from the force of the eruption, she had no idea how long she
had lay there but she knew that the slow and steady moan escaping her lips was
as close to a purr as a human could get.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 4 � Dungeons and
demons.

&nbsp;

She awoke still on the bed and
still retrained, or maybe restrained again, she could not feel pain in her arms
and so decided that she had probably not been in that position all night. She
looked around and found that the room was completely dark except for a small
lamp on the bedside, she realized that she had no idea of either what time it
was or of how long she had been here. She struggled in her bindings to see how
much room she had and what the chances were of getting any advantage. She found
that she had very little room and that she tired quickly and so she gave up.

&nbsp;

�Are we having fun there?�

&nbsp;

His voice startled her as she
had not heard him enter the room. She wasn�t sure if this question warranted an
answer and so she kept quiet. I seemed to be the correct reaction and he
carried on.

&nbsp;

�I assume that you are well
rested, you will need to be today.�

&nbsp;

He sat on the bed next to her
and looked into her eyes.

&nbsp;

�Here is my proposition. You
are here and under my control by your own free will, I want you to agree to
give me whatever I want, at 8pm this evening you will be given a choice, you
may choose to leave or you may choose to stay with me for a further evening. You
may speak�

&nbsp;

Crystal thought for a moment
taking in what had been said and searching for the hidden agenda that she
assumed was there.

&nbsp;

�I have a question, how can
I agree to whatever you want when I don�t know what I am agreeing to; does that
not give you free reign to do as you please?�

&nbsp;

He laughed, not cruelly exactly
but amused and ironic.

&nbsp;

�My dear you are in bondage,
do you not think that I already have been given free reign?�

&nbsp;

There was a silence while that
statement sank in. Crystal didn�t know what to say, the reality of it was
exactly that, when you allow someone to tie you up you give them that power.
She realized that the proposition was not a choice and that informing her had
simply been courtesy. He leaned in to her and kissed her fiercely, his tongue
probing her mouth and playing with her tongue, he moved back and traced her
lips with his tongue, she opened her mouth and lifted her head to reach for his
kiss and he moved back again just out of reach, he moved in toying with her
tongue and then away leaving her fighting her restraints to reach him.

&nbsp;

He turned her head to the side
and ran his tongue across her jaw and up to behind her ear, he released a slow
hot breath onto her neck and flicked with his tongue as she shivered under him,
he continued running his tongue down her neck and placing butterfly kissed over
her skin, she moaned and her skin came to life with tiny pinpricks of Goosebumps,
he pause for a second savoring the anticipation before bringing his mouth
crashing down upon the base of her neck, she moaned loudly again shivered visibly,
he could feel her pulse thumping under his mouth. He sucked on her neck lightly
and kissed it; she had completely relaxed and seemed to be melting into the
bed.

&nbsp;

Her breathing was ragged and
short, catching as she took it into herself. He sat up now watching her, he
moved from the bed he moved to the lower end of the bed and undid her ankles,
he ran his hands over the underside of her foot which resulted in her squirming
to get her foot free.

&nbsp;

�Be still�

&nbsp;

She stopped moving and forced
herself to hold still, he continued and massaged her foot working up to her
ankle, he continued with the other foot and soon she was mewing her
appreciation. Before she had a chance to register he attached her feet to a bar
just wider her than shoulders apart and was pushing her legs toward her head,
he attached the bar to a hook on the wall above her head. She moaned and
wriggled to try and get free but soon realized that the only thing that did was
make her ass shake at him.

&nbsp;

Crystal was stuck there was no
doubt about it she was utterly helpless in this position, she felt completely
trussed up and what a sight she must make, arms out diagonally to the side,
knees to chest feet above head ass on show to the world.

He started to run his fingers
up and down her legs, not used to being touched so lightly on the underside of
her thigh she shivers and it shook the bar against the wall causing it to bang
loudly, she flushed with embarrassment.

&nbsp;

He ran his hands down towards
her ass and rubbed his hand up and down her entire length, he placed a finger
inside her and brought it out again, she was wet, and hot and tight, he
replaced the finger adding another and then another each time he brought them
out, with three fingers working inside her now he used the other hand to
release himself from his jeans and began massaging himself to the rhythm of his
fingers thrusts. She was moaning, he could feel her trying to move her hips.

&nbsp;

He removed his fingers and
rubbed the head of his penis against her wetness, he could see her juices white
and thick glistening within her and he felt her respond, he moved himself in
and out of her ass cheeks and rubbing on her sex but not entering her, he could
feel her juices flowing and it made him want to take her right there and then
but he pulled back removing himself from her warmth, she moaned and let out and
audible sigh, she had forgotten where she was, and she was going to wish that
she had been grateful of the softness that he had offered.

&nbsp;

He pulled away from her and she
felt the annoyance building inside of her, she felt anger, frustration and need
and wanted to force him to give her what she needed, she knew that she was in
no position to feel this but that was how she felt and she could not control
it.

He moved quickly releasing the
hook that held her legs and unclipping her wrists, he was not kind and made no
eye contact at all, he clipped her wrists together ad made her walk with the
bar in place between her legs, she waddled somewhat humorously with the bar
there but he could little afford to laugh at her, he needed her to feel the
tension and the build up for the next stage.

&nbsp;

He stopped outside a room that
had seldom been used and smiled a sly grin, She was feisty he knew but she
would not walk out of this room quite the same as she had walked in, but then transformation
was an amazing thing. He walked her into the play room, there were an
assortment of toys and implements handing from the walls and ceiling, there
were various pieces of equipment that were scattered around the room, including
a horse that looked like it belonged in a gym club and a swing that did not
look like it was secure enough to hold anything. He felt her hesitate as he led
her into the room and gave a tug on the leash that he had attached to the ring
upon her choker.

&nbsp;

She could feel her breath in
her chest, she was not at all comfortable she knew that he was annoyed with her
she didn�t need to see his eyes she could feel it from him, she had sighed, a
complaint when he moved himself away from her and now, now she would pay for
that. She walked to the door of the room and stepped inside, her eyes took a
moment to adjust to the dimness but they took in every detail once she had
adjusted and her heart both leapt and sank, she had got what she wanted, this
man was going to become her darkest fear, but she was also fearful of what that
meant, she was going to have to face that shame, fear and all of the pain and
abandon that required, the panic inside her was less comfortable this time and
her breath was starting to catch in her chest.

&nbsp;

After tugging her into the room
he had released her from the leash, she was very slowly walking around the room,
she looked and touched items neatly laid out on rolling tables, they type that
you find in kitchens. There were clamps, vibrators, dildos, beads, strange
objects that she had no idea of the use for. There were ropes of different
thickness and texture and cuffs. The next table had on it an array of whips and
paddles, they looked home made* as did some of the furniture made with love and
passion buy the looks of the finishes and the detail. She could see a small
crop, varying sizes of paddles and a cat of nine tails among others. She walked
over to the far wall where against the she found a bench seat covered with
padding and in that leather covering that stays cold and can wipe clean easily.
At each end of the wall were metal chains hanging from rings, this bench was not
designed for sitting on not least because it was just below waist height.

&nbsp;

She felt his presence before
she felt his touch; behind her, hands on her shoulders pushing her down chest
to the bench. She gasped as the coolness touched her nipples, he leaned over
with her and she could feel his weight on her back, grabbing her wrists he
connected them one at a time to the metal chains on the walls. She was held in
place now and his weight moved from on her, she could feel the tension in the
back of her legs and she laid her cheek onto the bench to ease her neck.

&nbsp;

Again he stood and admired her,
breasts pressed on the bench spilling out sideways under the weight, ass round,
legs spread and now secured from the bar to the floor, her muscles were tight
and she would definitely start to feel the pressure after a while, he would
keep an eye on that didn�t want her cramping on him, for now though he was
thinking about her torment. He had watched her walking around his room, noting
what she touched and what she avoided, that would give him a good idea of how
she thinks, most people have no idea how much their behavior says about them.
He walked over the first table and began to gather objects.

&nbsp;

She was trembling slightly from
the chill of the leather on her skin, from the silence and from the
anticipation of what was coming, her mind raced again, insecurities creeping in
�what if he was a psycho and she was now his helpless prey, no he wouldn�t have
waited. What if he had left her and was sat having a coffee, she hadn�t heard
the door so he hadn�t left.� What if he
was into scary shit that she really wasn�t into, no that�s what her safe word
was for, What if this wasn�t really what she wanted?

&nbsp;

Her mind stopped, that was it
she was scared. Not of him or of this room or of any of the things in it but of
herself, of not knowing where her limits were and the reality of swapping
fantasy for reality, in all honesty she was never out of control in her fantasies
because she was making them up now she was here bound, naked and open to
everything, she felt a little like her skin had been peeled back to reveal a
softer more sensitive layer.

&nbsp;

His touch broke her pattern of
thought, and brought her back to the reality of the situation, his fingers were
again working around her hole spreading her wetness around the whole area, he
ran a finger from her clit to her entrance dipping his finger into her juices
and then trailing them up to the ass hole, she tensed and received a slap on
her ass for her� reaction, The sting was
sharp but short lived, she felt him rub the area with his hand and begin the
process again of trailing his finger from clit to entrance dipping up to her
ass hole, she tried not to but still tensed at his touch again a slap this time
on the opposite side, this time when he repeated his routine she stayed relaxed
and� was rewarded with the finger
trailing back and being pushed into her. She arched her back and tried to push
back to him but he stopped her and removed his finger.

&nbsp;

�Your impatience is not a
good trait; perhaps I will teach you that instant gratification is not always
so good�

&nbsp;

With that she felt something
being placed between her legs directly on top of her clit and straps being fastened
to her legs, whatever the object was it was fixed there and not moving, it felt
strange but not uncomfortable, she could feel him behind her and his hips
stopped hers from moving backwards as his fingers again dipped into her. She
moaned as he played flicking his fingers inside of her and sending fire through
her insides. She heard a click and the object over her clit sprung to life, the
pulsing vibrations threatened to bring her off right there and then and she
cried out in shock and pleasure, she felt herself tighten around his fingers
and her thrust them deeper into her, another click and the pulse running
through her intensified sending a shock of intense pleasure through her, she
cried out loudly as her first orgasm swept over her leaving her breathless and
flushed.

Her breath returned to her and
he pulled his fingers almost completely out of her.

&nbsp;

�You wanted to come, and so
you will, your impatience reaps its own rewards�

&nbsp;

The click in the air signified
another pulse of vibrations over her clit, it was still sensitive from her
orgasm and the pulse brought her close to a second climax, a click and a pulse
and again she was screaming body tense, muscles contracting, his fingers
plunged back into her causing another scream and even before the orgasm had
fully subsided another wave of vibrations hit and his fingers moved
mercilessly. She was beside herself with sensation and desire, her brain fogged
and her skin broke out in a fine sweat that covered her body and gave her
chills. She had never felt as sensitive as she did now and she wasn�t sure that
she could handle another onslaught, the click came and the pulse arrived, click
pulse, click pulse, she completely lost herself as another climax wracked her
body, she remembered begging him to stop and crying out before she was lost in
pure sensation.

He ran his fingers from inside
her over her ass hole, she was dripping wet from the orgasms and it was easy to
use that on her ass she tensed and then relaxed.

&nbsp;

�Please sir no!� He circled
her hole with his finger

&nbsp;

�I will allow you a choice,
my finger or more clitoral stimulation!�

&nbsp;

He knew that he would do what
he wanted anyway but he enjoyed letting her think that she had some choice
especially when it was a difficult one.

&nbsp;

�OK� It was barely a
whisper,

&nbsp;

�OK what exactly� he
prompted.

&nbsp;

�OK I choose your finger in
my ass�. Sir�

&nbsp;

He smiled, he reached over to
kiss her as he did so he removed the toy between her legs, he moved away and as
an extra just for himself he made her suck the finger that he was going to
insert into her, it was already coated in her juices but he wanted to see her
face.

He continued circling her hole
and gave her a harder slap this time when she tensed; she cried out and relaxed
herself. He pushed slightly on his finger and at the same time he reached for
her now highly sensitive clit. She took a sharp intake of breath from the
sensation and at the same time his finger entered her.

&nbsp;

Her senses reeled, she wanted
to scream, to protest and to pull away but her body was tingling from the
onslaught of continued stimulation, so the best that she could muster was a
moan. His finger worked slowly probing her she tensed and he pushed his finger
in further. Just as she began to cry out his hand made contact with her ass,
this time she cried out from it, although his hand was flat it stung and then
burned and she had felt the vibrations of the slap through his fingers. He
moved his finger in and out and she felt her hips begin to move under his
touch,

&nbsp;

�Again I say that this is
turning you on is it not? Answer me!�

&nbsp;

She shook her head; she was not
ready to admit that a finger in her ass could feel good.

&nbsp;

�NO, really, that�s not what
your body is telling me.�

&nbsp;

He removed his finger and she
waited for his next move, the vibrations were a completely shock to her and she
gasped, circling her ass they were sending delicious sensations through her. She
could feel him lubing her hole and forced herself to relax as the object
entered her.� She moaned as the fullness and
vibration combined to great effect.

&nbsp;

�I will not be lied to my
dear, now you will be punished for your dishonesty with me and you will admit
to me that you enjoy my gifts�

&nbsp;

She heard a swish through the
air and tensed for the first swat. This time is wasn�t his hand but something
harder, she assumed a paddle. The impact on her cheek sent ripples through her
which only seemed to intensify the vibrating and the feelings inside her, the
second strike was on the other cheek and resulted in the same mixture of
pleasure and pain, his strikes continued alternate sides and with each strike
she could feel the pressure inside her building, she felt like someone was
playing with her g spot from behind, like fingers from within her. She moaned,
her ass was burning a fire that seemed to travel from her stinging cheeks to
deep within her. His strikes were becoming noticeably harder and she cried out
at each strike, after a few strikes on each cheek he paused and began tapping
over the whole area, this created a continuous stream of movement adding to the
vibrations within her, she shifted her weight and tried to move away.

&nbsp;

�Tell me, do you still deny
that this is affecting you?�

&nbsp;

�Master please.�

&nbsp;

�Answer my question, slave�

&nbsp;

�Sir I can�t�
Desperation was evident in her voice, a pleading quality laced with need.

&nbsp;

He paused allowing the silence
to fall on her, silence made her uncomfortable and he was using it now to make
sure that she was listening closely

&nbsp;

�You will not have any
stimulation anywhere but in your ass tonight until you admit to me and to your
self that this is pushing your buttons, now it is up to you how much you are
willing to take.�

&nbsp;

She felt his hand on the object
within her ass an the vibrations which had been constant became stronger and
intermittent, this pattern of pause, vibration, pause vibration was
devastatingly effective at building the sensation and the pressure within her,
She was trying to remain in control of her body and controlling her breathing
enough to resist the urge to scream whatever he wanted when the assault on her
ass with the paddle resumed, he was being gentle she knew, each contact made
burned on already sore and stinging skin this was not meant to hurt her as such
she realized but his strikes were perfectly in time with the pauses in the
vibrations. Her mind fogged her focus dimmed until there was nothing but
vibration,�.. Strike��. Vibration��.. And strike like the ticking of a clock
constant and strong. Another pattern had started with the throbbing in her ass
cheeks came a throbbing deep inside her that with each cycle was pushing her
closer and closer to a climax that she desperately wanted to deny.

&nbsp;

�Tell me now slave is this
turning you on.�

&nbsp;

She couldn�t think, she couldn�t
fight and she couldn�t stop, her breathing was coming deep and quick and all
that she wanted was to come, she didn�t want to admit this, she thought of her
choices and she hated them both.

&nbsp;

She screamed as pain shot
through her as the strike landed and for a split second she thought that she
may climax there and then.

&nbsp;

�I asked you a question!�

&nbsp;

His tone was harsh and she
realized that she was dangerously close to crossing a line that she wasn�t sure
that she was ready for.

&nbsp;

�It�s turning me on Sir; I
admit that it is turning me on.�

&nbsp;

�And you want to come I
presume from this new feeling that you like�

&nbsp;

�Yes sir I want to come,
Please, I�ll do anything please Sir�

&nbsp;

He did so love when his Slaves
begged, and she had just begged with the magic words.

He removed the toy in her ass
and put his finger in its place, working with his other hand to undress
himself, he could feel the heat coming from her ass cheeks as her lined himself
up with her, the bench made her the perfect height for him. He placed his hand
on the base of her back which was now coated in a film of sweat, rubbing her
back gently he felt her relax just as he removed his fingers and thrust himself
into her. Her instinct kicked in before she could stop it and she pushed her
hips back toward him, he gripped her hips and thrust again setting a rapid pace
and feeling his own internal pressure building.

&nbsp;

His hand on her back was
surprisingly reassuring; he rubbed her gently as he worked his fingers. She
felt his heat and the realization had dawned on her, there was a moment of
panic and pain as he thrust into her and she thought for a second that she�d absolutely
had enough but then something inside her stirred and the feelings of pain
turned to the building of need. There was a fullness which was delicious and
the sensations could only be described as extreme, his thrusts, the pressure,
the rubbing of his skin on the battered ass, the world faded away as her orgasm
hit her just as she realized that the voice crying out was her own.

&nbsp;

He reached over to unhook her
arms and she smiled to herself, she had done it, she had dealt with everything
and she was going to be released. He rubbed her back as she straightened it
ached slightly but that was nothing compared to the soreness in the back of her
legs. He reached down to unfasten her feet; she had not even realized that they
were attached to the floor. She stood and remained still for a minute getting
her balance and allowing her back and legs to stretch. He walked her across the
room heading for the door and she took a deep breath.

&nbsp;

He stopped halfway and unbuckled
her hands which he had fixed behind her. He reached up and fixed her hand above
her to a bar hanging from the ceiling, She panicked as she realized that it was
not over and struggled he made easy work of catching her hand and attaching it
above her head, he stood back and walked to a table nearby, she attempted to
kick out but found that doing that put strain on her arms and sent pain through
her shoulders. She started asking him what he was dong when he returned with a
gag and silenced her. The gag had a part like a dummy that went into her mouth
and pressed down her tongue. No matter what she couldn�t make a sound, the
outside was a rectangle of leather which covered her whole mouth; the smell of
the leather filled her nose. She continued to fight but kept her feet still and
simply struggled to free her hands. She felt him behind her and pinch her
nipples, she felt the clamps be placed onto each nipple, this time he wasn�t as
gentle, she screamed into the gag and not a sound came out, he released his
grip on her breasts and she struggled again with her binds, every movement send
a shock of pain through her nipples as the weight moved and the clips pulled,
she stilled.

&nbsp;

�You�re learning, now you
need to stop fighting�

&nbsp;

She hated him right now, she
hated him with a passion that burned, he hated that he made her feel so bad,
and that his badness felt so good, she hated the confusion. She had never wanted
to lash out at someone so much in her life. She struggled helplessly and only
succeeded in causing herself more pain; this increased her frustration and
torment. She shouted into her gag with anger, frustration and anguish, a pride
that was being abused and battered. Her eyes threw insults that would have
offended the devil himself. She could feel her rage, the adrenalin, her heart
pumping strong in her chest.

&nbsp;

She battled with her
restraints, she battled her emotions, and she was battling herself.

An internal war of doubt and
fear surfaced now in all it�s glory. Her bondage was truth it was real and she
was enjoying it, she needed it, her internal prissiness dropped away and she
accepted what she was, what she felt.

&nbsp;

She had been hurt, humiliated
and used and she had wanted it, she realized now that when he looked at her he
did not do so with the shame that she saw in herself but with pride and
adoration. She dropped her head, shoulders low, body limp.

&nbsp;

�Have you finished having
your tantrum now?�

&nbsp;

With his voice and his words
the final strip of control slipped from her grasp, tears fell from her eyes,
blinding her, her whole body heaved as the sea of emotions crashed through all
of the pretense that up until now she had managed to keep. He released her and
cradled her on the floor, they remained there for a long while, he stroked her
hair and held her until her crying had stopped. She continued to sob even after
the tears had stopped. She sniffed and lifted her head to look at him she
started to apologize and he placed a finger to her lips and a kiss upon her
forehead. More tears sprang to her eyes and she turned her head to hide her
tears. He caught her chin and moved her face back to his.

&nbsp;

�Never be ashamed, your
emotions are beautiful�

&nbsp;

There are times in your life
when emotions cannot be expressed in words, the explanations are never enough, and
the depth cannot be portrayed. Crystal did at that moment the only thing that
she knew to portray her feelings. She reached up and kissed him deeply, it was
not urgent as before and yet it expressed more passion that the most heated
exchange.

He placed his hands on each
side of her face and ran each one through her hair. His hand found the back of
her neck and this time gently held her there. Their kisses build in need as he
lowered her down onto her back.

&nbsp;

The look in her eyes sent
chills through him, she lay there cradled in his arms and though there were no
restraints upon her this was the most submissive she had been since she
arrived.

For a second it was him who
felt the shiver of fear, he knew that at this moment in time she would do
anything that he asked of her not through fear or threat or a need for release
but because she wanted to give him everything. The responsibility for that felt
huge to him now, he felt truly humbled by her.

&nbsp;

She looked up at him
and felt small and yet somehow powerful in her need. When he was over her I she
felt awed by him, his strength, and a maleness which transcended time. She
wanted to bow before him, worship him as a god and in turn I feel like a
goddess receiving her prize. She felt humble and submissive allowing him to
possess her body and soul but wanting to own him dig into him be one with him
in eternal wholeness. She was a child in his arms, vulnerable, needy and
admiring and protective as a mother of the treasure she had to behold. This
moment was archetypal, as old as time, strong as love, as real as death, in
this moment every tragedy of love, every crime of passion every joining of
souls was theirs and no ones at once. She could almost taste the need and
wanting and it felt as though gravity herself was pulling them together. She
tried to think, to remain in this moment but she was lost in his eyes, in the
feelings which he is created. She could only close her eyes and let herself
fall as waves of the remnants of sensations spilled over her and this moment of
release obliterated any thought of time or space.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 5-
Accepting roles.

&nbsp;

She awoke with gentle
kisses being showered upon her, her eyes and cheeks. She moved instinctively to
meet his lips but he countered and smothered her neck with a crashing kiss that
sent chills through her. She moaned softly and could feel him smiling. He licked
the length of her collar bone and pinning both of her arms by her waist he
trailed his mouth down her sternum while massaging the inside of her elbows
with his thumbs. Her whole body was humming and she could feel an ache of need
growing in her cunt. He traced around her nipple with his tongue and then moved
down to circle her belly button, she wriggle in frustration as he repeated the
tease with her other nipple.

Again his hands
cupped her breasts and then he used his palms to very lightly brush her
nipples. Her back arched pushing her chest up to him.

&nbsp;

�Patience my dear�
he says with a smirk.

&nbsp;

Those eyes dancing
with humor his smile a promise of things to come. She wanted him now with every
ounce of herself. She knew that she must wait for him but impatience bubbled
and boiled inside of her. She twisted her hips and rolled so that he fell to
underneath her, clamping her mouth on his she explored with her tongue and her
now free arms slid up his chest.

She moaned rocking
her hips and biting his bottom lip as her kisses moved to his neck.

The smell of
aftershave lingered mixing with his smell and the smell of sex that permeated
them both, she could feel his heart beat on her lips as goose bumps littered
his skin.

&nbsp;

She squeals with
shock and surprise as she found myself on her back looking up at him, his hands
busy restraining hers,� placing them
above her head secured by the headboard.

Her cunt was
throbbing at the thought of him inside her, hips rocking in anticipation as he
stood up and removed his trousers. She laid tingling and panting slightly, a
natural response to his dominance over her. She felt his weight on the bed and
closed her eyes, she wanted to savor the moment he entered her.

&nbsp;

�Be still or I
will stop�

&nbsp;

The urge to move was
amazing as he ran his hands from her waist up her sides and onto her chest, he
gave each nipple the gentlest pinch that she had ever felt which left them
aching for more of his touch. He moved to sit on top of her and she moaned
knowing that his plans were not the same as hers.

&nbsp;

�Are you going to
fight me? This can be as easy or as difficult as you choose.�

&nbsp;

She shook her head
and lowered her eyes, this time she would not fight.

He moved from her and
found the rope, He unattached her arms from above her and removed the cuffs
that she had been wearing; he pulled her up to a sitting position and moved
behind her. He tied her wrists together and wrapped the rope around her waist,
crossing the ropes over each other at the front her worked his way up her body
restraining her arms above and below her elbows and running the rope underneath
her breasts, her nipples stiffened at the rope touching her skin and he crossed
the rope between them, he wound the rope around again above her nipples and secured
it.

&nbsp;

He stood to look at
her she had three crosses across her front and two circles above and below her
breasts with a cross between them, she looked perfect. He walked around her
checking the ropes and running his fingers over them and the skin under them,
he lay her down onto the bed again positioning her arms so that they wouldn�t
lose circulation. He put a blindfold on her and then collecting the rest of the
items he moved to her bottom half to finish his job. He moved her legs to where
she had her knees bent feet flat on the bed and legs spread.

&nbsp;

�Relax and be
still�

&nbsp;

He placed his fingers
inside her, she was already wet obviously she liked the rope as he did, he ran
his coated fingers over her and flicked her clit slightly, she moaned and her
hips moved a little but he could tell that she was trying to control it. He
lubed the butt plug that he was about to insert and ran his hands over the
insides of her thighs, so relaxed her legs and he inserted the plug. She gasped
but held her tongue; he smiled knowing that she wouldn�t stay quiet for long.

He inserted the
vibrator into her hole and turned it onto low, and then finally attaching the
harness into her snugly he used leather straps tied in a figure of eight to
attach each foot to the bed.

&nbsp;

Stepping back he looked
at her, she suited the harness, like a thick leather thong it fit on her skin
like they were made for each other. Mixed with the whiteness of the rope the
darkness of the harness was an extreme contrast. He reached up to her and moved
a piece of hair from on her face;

&nbsp;

�I am not going to
gag you, I want to hear your moans, and I am going to prepare some food I want
to hear how you are feeling.�

&nbsp;

With that he walked
out leaving her moaning with the growing sensations he had set up.

&nbsp;

She had been so
turned on by the rope work that was binding her she thought that the smallest
touch would drive her over the edge; his fingers running over the ropes sent
shocks through her. She had been disorientated by the blindfold but found that
now the pressure and the darkness was enabling her to succumb to the sensations
of the rope on her skin, the leather around her waist and between her legs and
the vibration and fullness within her.

&nbsp;

She had never been
full from both holes before and found that it was amazingly intense, she could
move very little but had found that if she rocked her hips forwards and
backwards she could change the sensations that she was receiving.

This was kinder she
felt that before when the vibrations had been on her clit, she had never been
one of those people who could come easily without clitoral stimulation and so
the feelings were simply growing and growing inside her, it was an amazing
feeling to be bound, immobile and blindfolded, with sensations almost
everywhere on her body, she felt as if her senses were being overloaded and yet
somehow she felt calm within herself simply allowing the waves to wash over
her.

&nbsp;

As he thought she was
moaning loudly and constantly, he wasn�t even sure if she herself knew that she
was doing it, she had not noticed him enter the room and check the ropes, she
was lost within her feelings and herself. He smiled as he watched her; she was
rocking her hips and seemed to be controlling some of the stimulation by that,
clever pet he thought. He walked back into the kitchen and collected some ice
for the next part of the game. She shook and shivered as she returned back to
the present, she was momentarily confused when she felt something cold and
slippery on her stomach. Shivering again she moaned loudly,

&nbsp;

�Welcome Back�

&nbsp;

Ice touched her
nipple and she shrieked at the shock, she felt herself tighten around the
vibrator inside her and moaned again at the intensification of that pulse,
again ice this time across her collar bone and again tightening, her moans were
constant now and she could feel herself building towards a climax, she had no
idea how long she had been here but she knew that the intense stimulation with
the lack of climax was overwhelming.

&nbsp;

���������������������������������..

&nbsp;

He moved himself so
that he was straddled over her and positioned himself over her head, he saw her
react opening her mouth to accommodate him.

He moved so that he
was just out of reach and massaged himself slowly and deliberately. He removed
the blindfold so that she could see him and after adapting to the light her
eyes focused on his movements. She continued to moan with the constant
onslaught from the vibrator and he was close enough to feel her breath on him.
He jerked involuntarily. He moved himself allowing her just enough room to lick
the end of the head then he moved back slowly smearing the glistening wetness
over the area. He was teasing himself as much as her but he wanted to savor her
helplessness.

&nbsp;

She reached for him
but was unable to get that much movement. He smiled as he continued to rub his
hands up and down himself. Again he moved into her this time allowing the whole
head into her mouth and holding himself at the base.

The heat of her mouth
was amazing on his skin and it was him this time who moaned as she flicked her
tongue over the end and around his head, he pulled away and she groaned, she
then rolled her tongue over her bottom lip and smiled wickedly at him. He
continued rubbing his length and her eyes fixated on him again.

&nbsp;

�Do you want it?�
He locked his eyes on hers and inched towards her.

&nbsp;

�Yes Sir, I do�

&nbsp;

�Tell Me�

&nbsp;

�I want to suck
you Sir, I want you in my mouth�

&nbsp;

�You can do better
than that, get descriptive!�

&nbsp;

She thought for a
moment.

&nbsp;

�I want to feel
you sliding in and out of my mouth, I want you to fill me, for your smell to
surround me and taste you on my lips. I want you to posses me and to use my
mouth to build your orgasm. I want to feel you in my throat and to know that I
am pleasing you by my actions. I want to share with you the sensations that I
have.�

&nbsp;

He felt a stir inside
him and he reached forward to guide himself into her mouth, together her mouth
and his thrusts built the pressure inside of him and she moaned onto him as he
worked himself in and out of her mouth, she took him without a fight and worked
with him as they built pace and force together, her compliance added to his
arousal and he cried out as he shot into her, hot fluid coursing down her
throat.� She swallowed it and continued
to suck him until he moved out of her mouth.

&nbsp;

He steadied his
breathing and moved down to release her from the torment between her legs.
Removing the harness he turned off the vibrator and removed it, he moved his
hand down and took out the plug that nestled in her ass; he heard her sigh and
smiled to himself. Moving back up her he held the vibrator over her mouth and
told her to clean it, she took it into her mouth and as if she was sucking him
and then when he moved it out she flicked the end of it with her tongue. He
loved to see her do it, she had no idea how appealing she looked helpless and
bound. He moved back down and began to circle her clit with his tongue. The
moaning that had been constant earlier resumed as he teased her to her own
release.

&nbsp;

She felt strangely
empty after he took out the vibrator and the plug, his weight upon her was also
gone and she suddenly felt� like a part
of her was missing, his mouth on her reminded her of her own need for release
and the fire that had been built suddenly ignited again, He played and toyed
with her never actually touching her clit until she was almost screaming at him
to suck it, she pleaded desperately and begged him to allow her to come, he
simply carried on pushing her closer and closer every time. She felt like she
was going to explode when he placed his thumb on her clit and spoke the two
best words she could possible hear.

&nbsp;

�Come. Now�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

CHAPTER 6 � The
long Goodbye

&nbsp;

He released her with
a tenderness that made her feel like crying, she mused over what a strange couple
of days they had shared. He helped her to get up and they walked together to
the bathroom where a bath was running, she swayed on unsteady legs and felt
stiff and sore the fatigue in her limbs seemed to have all hit at the same
time. She steadied herself on her feet and he left her to clean up while he
made food. She had not realized that she was so hungry like somehow everything
else had overridden her need to do much else.

She caught her
reflection in the mirror and was shocked, she looked disheveled and yet she was
glowing, that post orgasm flush in her cheeks, her eyes looked heavy and yet
there was something serine there also. Her nipples were red and looked a little
puffy; there were slight marks where her movements had rubbed the ropes on her
skin. She smiled at her reflection and moved to lower herself into the hot
bath.

&nbsp;

She could smell that
there was some sort of oils in the bath and it stung her skin slightly as she
entered the water, the heat was soothing and she felt the muscles beginning to
relax and to release all of the tension of the weekend. She spent a little
while in the bath, enjoying the heat and the feelings of being completely
relaxed. When she got out she wrapped herself in a towel and continued to smile
to herself this time because the sheen of water on her skin was clean and
healing and not the sweat that she had been covered in. She licked her lips and
tasted the remnants of salt both from her own sweat and from him. He had left a
shirt on the side in the bathroom; she put it on and walked into the kitchen.

&nbsp;

She caught a glimpse
of him before he saw her. He was bigger than her in so many ways, taller,
broader and in the way that he carried himself which gave off power. Not in an
arrogant way but the strength of a man who understood himself. She walked into
the kitchen and smiled at him busily serving dinner, his eyes shone as he
returned her gaze and she found herself lost again in that stare. They ate
together and they chatted, they were laughing and listening like old friends,
roles forgotten they simply enjoyed each others company. The meal over Crystal
rose, collected the plates and took them to the sink, she returned with
refilled glasses for each of them. He had moved into an armchair and beckoned
her to sit on his knee; she sat sideways legs tucked next to his.

&nbsp;

�It is 8pm and as
promised you have a choice. I will drive you home now if you so wish or you can
remain here with me until morning. The choice is yours.�

&nbsp;

Crystal knew two
things; she knew that she didn�t want to leave and she also knew that her aches
had aches of their own, she wasn�t sure if she could deal with more bondage.
She took a slow breath and decided that honesty was always the best option.

&nbsp;

�Sir, I don�t want
to leave I am happy here, with you. I must admit though that my muscles are
feeling the strain at the moment.�

&nbsp;

She was worried for a
moment about what he would say but she need not have been, he smiled at her and
placed a light kiss on her forehead.

&nbsp;

�Then you have my
word that I will take care to be gentle, unless of course you ask very nicely
to the contrary.�

&nbsp;

The devilish grin and
the mock evil look on his face had them both giggling, Crystal leaned back
forgetting that she had no support and started to fall backwards. She reached
for him to stop her fall at the same moment as his hand caught her.

She looked up into
his eyes and released her grip on his arm, his other arm was up her back with
his hand on her neck cradling now, and she was reminded of the first time they
were in this position, on the floor in the playroom after her emotional
outburst.

For a moment they
stayed there locked in that moment both feeling as if there was a transfer of
need through their eyes.

&nbsp;

He moved first
bringing her up to him and pulling her into a kiss. In a move which could have
been rehearsed she shifted her weight moved her leg and was sitting straddled
facing him still maintaining his kiss. She ran her hands down his back and over
his chest, having not had the chance to explore his body she wanted to feel
every inch of him. His hands dragged through her hair and she let her head fall
back as he kissed the front of her throat. Her hands wandered lazily and she
trailed them over his chest, back and neck. She moved her head and laid light
kisses over his neck. Both of his hands ran up her back under the shirt that
she was wearing.

&nbsp;

She felt his strength
on her and their embrace was both strong and sweet; she snuggled into his neck,
smelling his aftershave and his scent, she felt like a child somehow. He ran
his hand down her hair smoothing it and she felt his protection. He looked at
her, gently reached for her chin and pulled her into a slow and gentle kiss. He
looked into her eyes with a mixture of appreciation and understanding.

&nbsp;

�I can only take
from you what you chose to give, I cannot reach into your soul, and you must trust
me with that.�

&nbsp;

Crystal felt confused
and then something in his words hit home and she realized in her own mind that
the power was not all his, for the first time this weekend she understood the
true equality of the roles and that without the other neither could work. She
sat herself up and ran her fingers through his hair, she felt protective of him
knowing that somehow he had given her as much of himself as she had given to
him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and brought her face to his, they
were nose to nose and eye to eye.

&nbsp;

�I want us to
feel, to explore and to share together, I am yours and you are mine and tonight
that is all that matters,�

&nbsp;

He reached down and
placed a hand under each ass cheek, she wrapped her legs around him as she
leaned forward and tightened her grip on his neck, he stood with her around him,
and she could feel his hardness against her and the harshness of his jeans
against her fragile skin as they walked to the bed. He sat her on the edge of
the bed and they started tracing each other bodies loosening clothes,
breathing, kissing, touching and feeling their way into each others souls.

&nbsp;

He removed the shirt
that she was wearing and took one of her nipples into his mouth, he flicked the
end with his tongue and gave a half kiss, half suck on the end of her nipple,
she moaned and arched her back trying to force it into his mouth, he placed his
hand cupping her breast to stop her moving it and continued to circle and tease
with his tongue.

She placed her hands
on his shoulders and pressed her fingers into the skin there, moving her hands
down his back she stopped halfway and dragged the nails on both hands up his
back, the result of this was him crashing his mouth down on her breast and
giving a less than gentle bite on her nipple. She cried out in a mixture of
pain and pleasure and the animal instinct kicked in.

&nbsp;

He released her
nipple and she stood up quickly, although she was a good 4 inches shorter than
him she had the perfect plan, she gave him her best seductive look and lowered
her head to almost groin level while placing her hands either side of his hips,
she began to move him sideways slightly while maintaining strong eye contact
and a coy smile, he returned her smile and she felt him respond within his
jeans, she slid her hands across his waistband and undid his button, using her
teeth to lower his zip and hands at each side pushing his jeans to the floor.
She ran her finger slowly up his legs digging her nails in as she went, she
showered kisses over his stomach and he broke the eye contact closing his eyes
to enjoy the sensations.

&nbsp;

That was all that she
needed and in that second she pushed his hips towards the bed and stood up, his
jeans around his ankles hindered any attempt that he made to stop himself
falling and he sat unceremoniously on the bed with his arms behind him, he was
about to protest when she straddled him and silenced him with a feverish kiss,
fighting with his tongue and intertwining her fingers with his. The look in his
eyes made her physically shiver and she thought for a second that he way going
to pick her up and throw her over, she struggled to maintain her authority as
he grabbed her ass harshly.

&nbsp;

She raised herself up
and onto her knees and felt him jump and twitch under her in anticipation, she
smiled and lowered herself onto him just enough that the head of him was at her
entrance, she reacted quickly when he bucked his hips never allowing him to
enter her anymore and she slid his hands from her ass to her breasts. She
rolled her hips so that his head rubbed against every part of her entrance and
then lifted herself off him and slid her now soaking wet cunt along his shaft
soaking him in her juices.

&nbsp;

Rocking her hips on
him she worked along him as she would have �had he been inside her and he reacted with
jerks and twitches, she noticed that he was showing an amazing amount of self
control with his moans.

&nbsp;

�All yours Master,
it�s all yours, my cunt is for your pleasure, although my greatest wish is to
make you want me the way that I want you.�

&nbsp;

She sat up again and
grabbed him between her legs running her fingers over the very tip of his head
his control faltered and he gave out a low moan, her legs started to tremble
and he moved his hand to on her ass, she thought that he may force her onto him
but instead he held her there allowing her to continue her actions.

&nbsp;

She allowed a little
more of him to enter her and began a slow routine of allowing him entrance and
them removing him only to teeter on the edge and then allow and remove again,
she was enjoying herself and pushed her hand between her legs, he was watching
her intently and this added to her arousal when she began to massage him she
felt his hips buck under her and countered the move running her fingers along
his length then dipping them into herself�
running them along his tip which was only just within her. His moan was
loud and she felt him before he reacted he tensed and then plunged himself into
her with a force that literally took her breath away.

&nbsp;

�So you want to tease?�

&nbsp;

He had somehow freed his legs
and stood with her as she found herself against the wall with him thrusting
into her. He quickly and relentlessly built her to the point of frenzy as she
dug her nails into his shoulders, she felt him begin to stiffen inside her and
he stopped pushing onto her as he held his position. He resumed his thrusting
slowly, lifting her so that he was almost removing himself from her at every
thrust. She was absolutely powerless to control anything but the muscles within
her which were attempting to keep a grip of him as he drove her to climax with
torturously long and slow actions.

She was moaning and still
trying to control some of the thrusts. As suddenly as she was placed against
the wall he turned and threw her onto the bed like a rag doll.

&nbsp;

�Let�s return to the
beginning slave, you will come for me. You will maintain eye contact with me,
do not break my gaze. Begin.�

&nbsp;

Crystal reached between her
legs and felt her wetness.

&nbsp;

�Tell me slave, who do you
come for?�

&nbsp;

�I come for you Master.�

&nbsp;

�That�s correct, you come
for me, whenever and however I wish you to, Repeat it.�

&nbsp;

�I come for you Master. I
come for you Master.�

&nbsp;

�Again�

�I come for you Master. I
come for you Master.�

&nbsp;

His gaze was electric, her
world narrowed in a pre meditative state where her focus was on his eyes and
her new mantra which she was repeating over and over. It filled the air like a
chant, at this moment nothing mattered but feeling. Her chest tightened as if
his eyes were controlling her breath as well as her will. Her breathing shifted
as the building of tension mounted both within herself and in the room, the
words were falling from her lips at one with her breathing devoid of conscious
thought. HHer out breaths were
words and the breath between then was taking in life and energy.

&nbsp;

�I come for � breath in �
you Master � breath in � I come for � breath in � you Master � breath in.�

&nbsp;

The words danced in her head
running across her mind like karaoke words in the soundtrack of her breaths.
She was still reaching for her release and was just beginning the wave of
orgasm when his words removed her from a sea of feeling.

&nbsp;

�Stop! Take deep, slow
breaths.�

&nbsp;

She breathed in filling her
lungs, after her shallow breathing it burned slightly and she released the
breath in a slow control dropping her shoulders, she felt lightheaded as the oxygen
hit her system.

&nbsp;

�Continue�

&nbsp;

She resumed her finger play
this time completely avoiding any direct contact with her clit.

&nbsp;

�I can not hear you slave.�

&nbsp;

Again she began the routine of
her mantra, speeding up with her breathing and her need. Each time as her
orgasm began its approach she was ordered to breathe deeply, her slow breaths
stealing the prize that she was working for.

&nbsp;

Delirious with through need, of
feeling and the breathing pattern, focused beyond reason on eyes which were
burning she lost herself in a tranquil sea, all awareness lost as the room
disappeared and the only sensation was the deep yearning for more. The beast
within had stolen her mind and feelings became her, where �I� and �she� and
�us� and �he� meant nothing and the only relevance was in the rhythm of her
pulsating need moving the whole world in the wake of it�s motion.

The pulse quickened and shifted
from within her belly to her breast where a stinging heat was spreading its
crimson tide, feelings took on colors and another shift brought blue breath
back into focus. She struggled to remember the words, her lines and began
babbling.

&nbsp;

�I come Master, your come
Master, Master the come, my Master comes, for my Master I come.�

&nbsp;

It came back to her with the
shift of her senses back to the external world.

&nbsp;

�I come for you Master.�

&nbsp;

The cause of the heat on her
breasts became clear as the crop fell on her left breast and then her right,
the heat and the pain and tightening of her internal muscles tipped her over
the edge and she cried out as the orgasm hit her, she moved to bring her legs
up and move her hand when he reached and stopped her he was on the bed with
her, over her, his eyes were dark with lust and need. She felt him enter her
just as he moved her legs onto his shoulders; they shook as his thrusts found a
spot inside her screaming from the constant attention to her clit. Her muscles
still contracting from the orgasm every thrust was filling her with waves of orgasm
that were almost unbearable, she shook under him in sheer need and want and
feeling. They moved together and she was again lost in sensation and desire,
their orgasms practically came together and she screamed out writhing under him
with the sheer force of her climax�s assault on her senses.

&nbsp;

He wrapped her in a blanket and
held her as her shaking became worse and then subsided, she was lost and
confused and so tired that she couldn�t formulate her thoughts, he asked her if
she was cold and she had no answer, she didn�t know what she felt other than
the stillness and calm of a multitude of orgasms endorphins in her blood. She
swam in the feelings and of being there, supported and safe. She wondered
before she was engulfed in sleep who it was that she had walked through his
door as and who she would leave as.

&nbsp;

She woke for the last time in
his arms and she lay for a moment just being, she listened to his breath and
she sighed to herself. He was amazing and she had shared amazing for a weekend,
a weekend that had changed her, it had shown her and it had made her. She
climbed out of bed and walked through to the kitchen to make coffee. The house
smelled of sex there was no doubt she smiled that he would be reminded of her
in sheets and chairs and clothes for a little while at least. He came into the
kitchen eyes lazy with sleep and took the coffee she had made. As they drank
their coffee Crystal couldn�t help but notice a change in the way he was with
her, he seemed colder, distant somehow. His tone confirmed this with a flippant
over the shoulder comment.

&nbsp;

�I have some things to do
I�ll drop you in the city you can walk or get a cab from there Yes?�

�Sure� 

&nbsp;

She wasn�t happy but then it
was over she supposed, there was no relationship to speak of and no promise to
each other, she felt a little hurt though as if she had served her use. He
dropped her in the city and she marched out her thoughts on the way to her
house. 

She had to laugh at herself and
at her naivety, what had she expected a white knight on a fiery steed? The
story book romance, more Phantom of the Opera than Beauty and the Beast? She�d
had an idealized view based on the concept of gaining value from someone else.
Somehow being given meaning. She knew now more than ever that like in any other
relationship value and meaning cannot be given or taken they needed to be
found, within yourself. She had been through so much seeking approval, for a
way to make herself better. 

&nbsp;

She had never found that but
what she had found was answers, a truth made more profound by its simplicity.
She was there because she was worthy and not to become it. The truth, the
strength and the real value was within her, it was the calm in the storm that
talked when she wanted to hide, the sacred space that transforms the phoenix
from the ashes. She felt transformed she felt alive with faith and love and
knowledge. She was stronger she knew than many who shouted or commanded to be
noticed, not because of the marks that she wore but because she could stand
alone, naked in the spotlight, face every fear, release all control and still
not lose herself. �I am and I choose� is the beginning and the end. Power she
thinks to herself is not simply the person who brandishes the whip but in the
person who allows him trust to be there.

&nbsp;

There was a sureness in her
stride as she looked up at the shops ahead, she smiled to herself and walked
into the black door ahead of her, an Aladdin�s cave of treasure opened up
before her as she realized that another barrier was crashing down. She was in
her first sex shop and today it was time to stock up on supplies.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The End of the weekend but not
the end of the tale��. To be continued!!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Authors Note: I would
like to thank everyone who has supported me throughout the writing of this
story, it has been both a literary and an emotional journey for me and I
believe that Crystal and I have both transformed through the process.

I am sure that the reason this
story has become so long and that the adventures of Crystal will continue is a
lot in part to do with the comments and encouragement of you guys � you know
why you are. I humbly thank you from the bottom of my heart. 

Love and respect Sirs and a
Ma�am!!

Gem � Angel.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tainted Angel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





