BDSM Library - Moaning Lisa Sings the Blues




Moaning Lisa Sings the Blues
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A magazine reporter who has infiltrated an exclusive BDSM society invites discipline upon herself just as she completes her sentence in the club\'s jailhouse.








Tales of the Enclave: Moaning Lisa Sings the Blues

 
  Rick Schindler
   jim
  2
  3
  2007-01-14T17:47:00Z
  2007-01-14T17:47:00Z
  1
  2732
  15578
   
  129
  36
  18274
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Tales of
the Enclave: Moaning Lisa Sings the Blues

by kinkston

&nbsp;

(On a
secluded estate an hour's drive north of New York City lies a highly exclusive
retreat known to its wealthy and decadent members simply as the Enclave. Here
rock stars, investment bankers, potentates and plutocrats come to dominate and
be dominated in privacy and safety, assisted by an elite staff of expert
dominatrixes. Also in residence is a select stable of submissive women and men
carefully chosen for their beauty, responsiveness and sexual skills. All serve
under one-year slave contracts to the Enclave's authority and discipline; in
return, their physical health and safety are guaranteed, and generous trust
funds are set up for them by the group's financial experts. Any slave may opt out
of their contract at any time simply by saying a safeword, but if they do, they
forfeit their stipends and are banished from the group for life.

&nbsp;

Hearing
about the Enclave from contacts in New York's BDSM scene, Lisa Paradiso, an
attractive and ambitious young reporter for Peephole magazine, hatches a daring
scheme: to join the group undercover as a submissive so she can reveal its
secrets in a sensational expos�. But she hasn't counted on falling in love with
a handsome slave called Baby Face Nelson--nor on the keenness of her own
appetites, which quickly earn her her own slave name: Moaning Lisa.

&nbsp;

(As this
story begins, Lisa is finishing a 30-day sentence in the Enclave's jailhouse,
whose alluring blonde warden is known as Goldi Locks. How Lisa came to be there
is a tale for another day.)

&nbsp;

Stars were
still visible between the bars of Lisa's window when she was rudely awakened
from a sweet, sticky dream about Nelson by the Bobbsey Twins, who were being
consigned to the double cell down the corridor, drunk and highly disorderly.
Holding her hand mirror sleepily through the bars of her cell, Lisa could see
Goldi Locks and two strapping male slaves struggling to get the kicking,
clawing girls secured. Both men were covered with scratches, and Lisa winced as
he saw the taller of them take a direct hit in the balls from Flossie's suede
Manolo Blahnik pump before Goldi managed to get the cell door shut.

&nbsp;

For the
next hour, the twins hammered on their bars and screamed vivid obscenities,
threatening Goldi with tortures far more severe than anything ever administered
at the Enclave. These, Freddie assured any and all within earshot, would be
inflicted on Goldi at Guantanamo Bay by trained experts imported from Saudi
Arabia. Gradually the invective petered out, only to be replaced by the sounds
of violent upchucking. Finally, this too subsided. Lisa was just getting back
to sleep when she heard a key rattle in her cell door.

&nbsp;

She opened
her eyes to find Goldi Locks admitting a huge, naked muscleman to her cell. �Up
and at 'em, Sunshine,� Goldi greeted her cheerily. �You have a visitor, you
lucky girl.�

&nbsp;

She smiled
smugly before disappearing down the corridor, leaving Lisa's visitor looming
over her cot. The hair covering his massive body was almost as black as the latex
hood that exposed only his dark, glaring eyes. Sharp metal spikes radiated from
his collar and an impressive erection was blossoming through a cock ring built
into the front of his black leather thong. The clatter he made dropping a
fistful of bondage gear to the floor made Lisa's safeword fly to the front of
her mind.

&nbsp;

Lisa
quivered with dread and excitement, but when she looked into her visitor's
eyes, she noticed the dog tag dangling from his collar and the fat bulge
sheathed beneath his nose: a ball gag. This was no master come to ravish a
helpless prisoner, she realized; this was just another slave like her. Eyeing
his erection, she yawned theatrically. �Like what you see? I'm flattered. But
you can't do anything about it, can you?�

&nbsp;

Leaning
close to his dangling cock, she extended her tongue to within a tantalizing
inch of the pre-cum glistening on its tip. Then she put her thumbs to the sides
of her head and waggled her fingers. �Nyahh nyahh nyahh nyahh nah,� she taunted
in a schoolgirl singsong. �You can't touch me�.�

&nbsp;

A stifled
snarl penetrated the slave's gag. Snatching up a pair of handcuffs from the
pile of gear he'd brought, he pulled her up from the cot by her hair and locked
her wrists painfully tight behind her. Squatting, he hobbled her ankles with a
twelve-inch chain, again shutting the shackles tighter than seemed wholly
necessary.

&nbsp;

When he
stood back up, he was holding an enormous patent-leather collar, as red and
shiny as a fire truck. Lisa tried not to let him know how intimidating it looked.
�Cute,� she said. �But red's not my color. You got anything in a nice earth
tone?�

&nbsp;

The slave
snorted angrily and wrapped the thing around her neck. It was huge, extending
all the way from her shoulders to her chin. When he snapped it shut, Lisa found
herself compelled to hold her head as high as a Marine on parade. She'd seen
posture collars on other slaves, but never had to wear one till now. She'd
always thought their width was for show; she hadn't realized how constricting
they were. She couldn't turn her head. She could barely swallow.

&nbsp;

She
couldn't see the floor anymore either, but apparently there was one more item
in the pile of gear her visitor had dropped there: a leash, which he snapped
onto the huge ring on the front of her collar. As he did, she finally managed
to read the dog tag dangling from his own collar: SILENT CAL.

&nbsp;

Turning,
Silent Cal tugged the leash hard, and Lisa stumbled out into the corridor
behind him. As he marched her past the Bobbseys' cell, Lisa could see out the
corner of her eye that the twins were dead to the world. Freddie had at least
made it to the bottom cot, but Flossie was sprawled across the floor by the
toilet, her designer dress up around her thighs. A sour stink wafted from the
cell; the girls had vomited with poor aim. Lisa pitied the slave who'd have to
clean up after them.

&nbsp;

Across the
corridor from the twins, a distinguished-looking gentleman Lisa recognized as
the senior senator from Virginia was sitting on his cot with a battered metal
tray in his lap, gnawing on a stale chunk of bread. Perhaps in deference to his
position, his prison stripes were modest: a T-shirt and matching leggings. He
had a large iron ball chained to his right ankle and a pillbox cap in his
silver hair. Was this some kind of self-imposed penance for the ethics charges
he'd managed to evade in Washington?

&nbsp;

The sliding
door at the end of the corridor clanged loudly behind Lisa as Silent Cal tugged
her into the next cellblock. A new prisoner she thought she'd heard Goldi Locks
call Shy Fawn leaped up from the toilet in her cell as they approached. A
pretty little Asian, she wore a two-piece uniform with a triangle top that made
the most of her small breasts.

&nbsp;

Shy Fawn
cast her almond eyes down in embarrassment as she hastily pulled up her panties.
Lisa studied them indignantly. How did this little slut rate a bra and panties
while Lisa had had nothing but her tiny prison-stripe thong to wear for the
past month? In the rigid hierarchy of the Enclave, every shred of clothing
conveyed status, as well as providing protection from the random strokes of
paddle and lash slaves constantly received to encourage obedience and
submission. In addition, panties covered marks. It was considered shaming to
have one's marked ass exposed for all to see, and it tended to invite further
chastisements. Only out-and-out masochists like Screaming Mimi and Rosy Cheeks
were perverse enough to display their marks with pride.

&nbsp;

Lisa was
just about to ask Shy Fawn how long she�d had to lick Goldi�s pussy to get such
a cute outfit when her leash snapped taut and she had to resume shuffling along
behind Silent Cal. And a good thing, too, for in the very next cell was none
other than Goldi Locks herself. She had just finished putting a male prisoner
bound in a stress position, his wrists pulled up high behind him by a rope from
a pulley attached to the ceiling of his cell. Lisa envied his padded leather
wrist cuffs; her metal ones hurt already.

&nbsp;

Corpulent
and balding, Goldi's victim was obviously a visiting client. Unlike the
senator, he was cross-dressed; his mottled buttocks sagged out of a
Brazilian-cut bikini bottom like Shy Fawn's, and an underwire top pushed up his
flabby man-boobs. A stream of drool was trailing through the hole in the red
breather gag strapped in his mouth. He looked ridiculous, and the novelty pig
nose he was wearing above his gag didn't do anything to help.

&nbsp;

Goldi
Locks, in contrast, was a vision in her high-necked, short-sleeved leotard of
sky-blue vinyl, the same color as the straps of her leather flogger. Her hair
was magnificent as always, a golden torrent down to her tight butt. As Lisa
came hobbling by, Goldi snapped her fingers at Silent Cal: �Hold it, slave.�

&nbsp;

With what
sounded suspiciously like a sigh, the big man stopped, turned, and folded his
arms resignedly. Meanwhile, Goldi was waving her flogger's dildo-shaped handle
in her prisoner's face. �Don't think I'm through with you, Porky,� she told
him. �You're getting this end first.�

&nbsp;

After
locking him in with a key from the ring she always wore on her broad leather
belt, Goldi sauntered over to Lisa, the heels of her shiny black boots clacking
noisily on the concrete floor. Lisa caught a whiff of her musky perfume:
patchouli.

&nbsp;

Goldi
grazed Lisa's right nipple with the tip of the flogger's handle. �You know, I'm
almost sorry to see you go, little Lisa,� she said. �You've been a model
prisoner.�

&nbsp;

Lisa had
always liked patchouli; it reminded her of wet pussy. Her nipples were
hardening. Maybe it was the tight collar, but she felt dizzy as Goldi's
periwinkle eyes gazed into hers. �I'll miss you too, Mistress,� she murmured.

&nbsp;

�Don't
worry, dear.� Now Goldi was squeezing the other nipple ever so gently. �You're
too much of a slut to stay out of trouble very long. You'll be back.�

&nbsp;

Lisa found
herself wishing Goldi would squeeze harder. All her best intentions went out
the window. �Oh, goody,� she said. �Can you save my cell for me? I like the
view.�

&nbsp;

Goldi's
smile vanished. She hooked her forefinger through the ring on Lisa's collar and
brought them nose to nose. �That cell,� she hissed, �is the Ritz fucking
Carlton compared to where I'll put you the next time you mouth off to me,
slave. Remember it.�

&nbsp;

Lisa
grinned. �I have a lousy memory.�

&nbsp;

�Really?
Maybe you need a reminder.� Goldi snapped her fingers at Silent Cal again and
pointed her flogger at the double cell across from poor Porky, who had spread
his stubby legs wide, trying to ease the tension on his arms. �Cal. Put her in
here.�

&nbsp;

Silent Cal
fidgeted and looked uncomfortable. He pointed to his mouth.

&nbsp;

�No, you
may not take your gag out,� Goldi snapped. �What is your fucking
problem?�

&nbsp;

The big
slave looked sheepish. He sighed, shuffled his feet, and finally pointed to his
left wrist.

&nbsp;

�Why, you
insolent piece of shit,� Goldi exclaimed. �You think I give a shit about your
schedule? Put this bitch in this fucking cell now. And get your worthless ass
in there with her.�

&nbsp;

Lisa's
bravado fled as Goldi followed her and Silent Cal into the cell and spun them
roughly around. What if Goldi extended her sentence? The thought of more long
weeks locked away from Nelson made her heart turn over in her chest.

&nbsp;

Since she
couldn't look over her shoulder, she had to pivot awkwardly to see behind her.
Goldi had tucked her flogger into her belt, freeing her hands to adjust a pair
of ceiling pulleys like the one Porky Pig was attached to across the corridor.
�I'm sorry, Mistress Goldi,� Lisa tried. �I promise I'll be-- whoa.�

&nbsp;

All at once
she was looking at her own feet. Goldi had hooked her handcuffs to a rope from
one of the pulleys and, with one quick yank, Lisa was bent over from the waist,
her arms nearly vertical behind her. She hadn't realized how badly she needed a
pedicure.

&nbsp;

She was
able to bring her head up just enough to see Porky Pig across the corridor,
struggling in the same fix she was in. Somehow it didn't seem as funny now. She
heard the snap of handcuffs and the squeak of another pulley, and then there
was Silent Cal bent over next to her in the same predicament. He glared over
his gag at her.

&nbsp;

The collar
prevented Lisa from looking between her legs to see behind her, but she could
hear Goldi taking the flogger back out of her belt. �You two shitheads picked
the wrong day to fuck with me,� she was saying. �I'm tired, I'm cranky, and I'm
getting my period. So you're getting twenty lashes each.�

&nbsp;

Twenty, oh
Jesus. Lisa squeezed her eyes shut and clenched her buttocks. She heard the
whoosh of leather thongs slicing through air. Then came a savage crack, but no
pain; instead, Silent Cal twitched next to her. Goldi had started with him. He
shook his head like a punch-drunk boxer and planted his feet wide.

&nbsp;

Now it was
her turn, Lisa didn't doubt. But instead, Silent Cal got nine more strokes in a
row, loud, meaty smacks that made her flinch each time. She couldn't help but
admire the big man; he was snorting fiercely through his nose, but uttered not
a whimper.

&nbsp;

There was a
pause. Now, Lisa was certain, she would get hers. She made her ass as hard as a
rock. But no: Goldi was laying into Cal again, with the same steady cadence as
before. Her control within the cramped cell was superb; Lisa could feel the
breeze of the thongs whizzing by, but they never so much as brushed her as they
proceeded to land squarely on Cal. The big slave was taking the second half of
his sentence as stoically as the first, his eyes fixed on the floor. Lisa
couldn't help counting off how long she had before her own ordeal would begin:
sixteen, seventeen, eighteen--

&nbsp;

Lightning
burst along the sensitive seam between her buttocks and the backs of her
thighs. She had just enough time to realize how neatly Goldi had suckered her
into exposing her most tender spot before a high, ugly shriek tore out of her.

&nbsp;

�Ah,� Goldi
chortled. �Now that's the sound I like to hear.�

&nbsp;

Fuck you,
bitch, Lisa thought, her hobble chain rattling as she pranced in place, trying
to walk off the sting. Didn't women have higher pain thresholds than men?
Wasn't that why they were the ones who had the babies? Goldi had caught her by
surprise, but now she was ready. If Cal could be silent, so could she.

&nbsp;

But as the
next stroke slashed across the center of her cheeks, she heard herself gasp.
And number three came much quicker than she expected; Goldi had a wicked
backhand. To her disgust, Lisa squealed like a suckling pig. Now she realized
what an unfair advantage Cal had; she wished she had a nice gag to bite on.

&nbsp;

As if
reading her mind, Goldi chuckled and came around in front of her, taking her
sweet time. She pulled Lisa's head up by her hair to look her in the eye.
�How's that memory doing now?�

&nbsp;

Lisa
battled back shameful tears. �Punish me all you like,� she said. �Beat me black
and blue. Just let me see Nelson. Please, Mistress Goldi.�

&nbsp;

Goldi
laughed even louder. �You stupid cunt. You'd be with him right now if you'd
just stayed out of your own way.�

&nbsp;

Lisa stared
up at her in hope. �Can I still see him? Please, Mistress. I'll do anything.�

&nbsp;

Goldi
shoved her head back down disdainfully. �Oh, you'll see him soon enough, though
I don't think you'll like it very much when you do. Meantime, since you asked
me to beat you black and blue, I'm happy to oblige.� She stepped back behind
Lisa. �Sing for me, little canary.�

&nbsp;

And sing
Lisa did. As Goldi pounded a heavy-metal beat across her burning bottom, she
belted out a medley of the same sad tunes she'd heard other slaves of the
Enclave wail: lowdown blues (�I'm So Sorry, Mistress�); poignant ballads (�I
Promise I'll Obey�); hardcore punk (�Fuck! That Hurts�), even a gospel
selection (�Oh God, Please Stop.�) She also threw in some fancy dance steps,
and played percussion on the chain between her ankles. She was a regular
one-woman band, Lisa was, though she did get a bit of muffled backing vocal
from Silent Cal when Goldi caught him off-guard with two rapid-fire strokes
between Lisa's eleventh and twelfth. Yes, Lisa sang like a diva at the Met,
performing a heartfelt aria bursting with all the tragedy and passion of grand
opera. She even got a standing ovation; as her head jerked up after the searing
sixteenth stroke, she noticed that Shy Fawn was watching wide-eyed through the
bars of her cell, and slowly rubbing her crotch against one of them. Maybe she
wasn't quite shy as she looked, Lisa decided. Then stroke number seventeen
washed all her thoughts away in a flood of fire.

&nbsp;

But even as
Goldi's flogger bit into her soft asscheeks yet again, even as its thongs found
their way into the delicate crevice between her ravaged thighs, there was a
subtle undertone of hope to Lisa's song. Each crack of the whip, she knew, was
bringing her another moment closer to Nelson. Now she could see how merciful
Goldi had been to let her know that.

&nbsp;

So when
Goldi finally proffered her the flogger's phallic handle to kiss as she dangled
limp and docile from the pulley after the twentieth stroke--a humdinger that
had brought her up howling onto her tiptoes--it was with utter sincerity and
gratitude that she croaked, �Thank you for correcting me, Mistress.� She even
felt it necessary to add: �I-I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me.�

&nbsp;

Goldi Locks
stroked her face tenderly. �Little Moaning Lisa. At first I thought you might
have something going for you, but you're just another slave, aren't you? Not
even a good one like Cal here. You're just another pig, like him.� She waved
the flogger contemptuously toward Porky Pig, who pointed his plastic snout at
the floor in tacit agreement.

&nbsp;

Lisa hung
her head in shame along with him. �Yes, Mistress. I am a bad slave.�

&nbsp;

�That's
right. And the saddest part is, you don't even know why, do you?�

&nbsp;

�No,
Mistress.� Lisa looked up at her mournfully. �Why?�

&nbsp;

Goldi
plunged her hand between Lisa's thighs. Lisa shuddered with pleasure, but
before she could come, Goldi withdrew her fingers and held them to Lisa's nose.
They were soaking wet.

&nbsp;

Lisa could
smell her own musk mingling with Goldi's patchouli as Goldi smeared the juices
across her face. �Don't you see, Lisa? You're not just a slut. You're a pain
slut.�

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kinkston


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





