BDSM Library - My Stepson, My Slave




My Stepson, My Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When Beth\'s husband leaves for a year-long stint overseas, she completely enslaves her 19-year old stepson.







My Stepson, My Slave-



 
  Administrator
   jim
  2
  15
  2007-01-18T23:45:00Z
  2007-01-18T23:45:00Z
  1
  2858
  16292
  Congressional Budget Office
  135
  38
  19112
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








My Stepson,
My Slave-

&nbsp;

Beth had
thought about it for the almost six straight weeks since her husband told her
that he was being sent overseas to help launch his companies operations in Mongolia.&nbsp; He was an MBA-trained
geologist who often had to travel abroad to survey the rocks and minerals that
were his company's livelihood.&nbsp; What was different this time was that he
would be gone a year and that the place he was going to was so remote and
barren that it really wasn't practical to bring Beth along.&nbsp; She would
have nothing to do and no comfort or privacy.&nbsp;
Staying in the States was really the right option.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Beth had
married her husband three years ago after he and his wife had divorced.&nbsp;
They had one son, David, who had been raised by his mother, but was now living
with them as he went to college at the local university about a 45-minute drive
away, 3000 miles from his mother.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Beth's
relationship with her husband had been usual from the beginning---it is
probably what attracted them to each other.&nbsp; He was
48, she 35, but their bedroom antics together often veered toward bondage and
discipline.&nbsp; While they would take turns, she often played the dominant
role and he her submissive, one might even say slave.&nbsp; But they were games
played only in the bedroom and they were relatively mild as they did not want
David catching on to them.&nbsp; All of their toys, for example, were always
kept locked in the bedroom's Armoire.

&nbsp;

But now her
husband was leaving her for a year, leaving her alone with David, and in light
of their separation, no sex life for months at a time.&nbsp; And Beth thought, that won't do.&nbsp; She wasn't going to play
nun and nursemaid to a her husband's 19-year old
son.&nbsp; He was going to contribute productively to the household, in more
ways than one.

&nbsp;

Over the
course of the six weeks after which her husband announced he would be leaving
for this overseas assignment, Beth decided to enslave her stepson.&nbsp; She
didn't mean to seduce him, but enslave him.&nbsp; David would be drafted to
fulfill her sexual needs while her husband was away, but unlike the more
romantic versions of domination she played with him, with David the domination
would be real, the enslavement complete, and 24 hours a day.&nbsp; She had no
doubt she could do it: she was both smarter, stronger, and little taller than&nbsp; David.&nbsp; And he was no athelete.&nbsp;
His interests were more to the sedentary activites
than physical ones, although that didn't make him overweight, just a little
out-of-shape and thus no match physically for his stepmother.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The First
Friday Night

&nbsp;

Beth
returned to house after seeing her husband off at the airport.&nbsp; She waited
until his plane took off.&nbsp; Beth loved him and would truly missed him, but she had no intentions of suffering while he
was away---in any shape or form.&nbsp; When she got back to the house, she
found David playing computer games in the house's family room.&nbsp; She locked
the house up, including night-time deadbolts for which David did not have
key.&nbsp; I am going to start immediately she thought.&nbsp; The question was
should she seduce him or lay it out to him and physically enforce it.&nbsp; She
expected some resistance to the latter course.&nbsp; But if she seduced him, he
way may be confused into thinking she was doing this out of love, when it was
in fact out of lust and convenience.&nbsp; &quot;The direct approach, I
think,&quot; she thought.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

She went to
her bedroom and put on a pair of tall black boots without heels, black leather
shorts, and a black zippered corset.&nbsp; She tied her hair back in a pony
tail, grabbed two pairs of hand-cuffs, a gag, a large hunting knife, and a
riding crop.&nbsp; Surveying herself in the mirror, she looked like one tough
bitch, not only because that is the way a dominatrix always looks but because
the outfit showed off the muscles in her legs and arms.&nbsp; They were not
over-built but clearly there and more developed than her soon-to-be slave's.

&nbsp;

As she went
down the stairs back, she thought carefully about her first steps and her first
words.&nbsp; When she entered the family room, David's back was to her while he
continued to play his game.&nbsp; &quot;David, turn that off now, we need to
have a talk.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
in a minute, I nearly have this level beaten,&quot; David answered. With that,
Beth walked over to the machine and turned it off, turning to face David, who
was still sitting on the floor, his mouth now dropped open.&nbsp; She heard him
whisper &quot;holy mother of god&quot; to himself.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
David, things are going to be quite different around here for the next
year.&nbsp; This can go easy tonight or it can be ugly, but rest assured that
when we are done, things will still be done my way.&nbsp; I have no intention
of picking up after you for the next year.&nbsp; Quite the
opposite.&nbsp; You're going to spend the next year as my slave.&nbsp;
It will be your job to do ALL of the work in the house and I will use you for
my pleasure in any way I see fit.&nbsp; You have heard of this sort of thing
haven't you?&nbsp; Read it about in porn magazines?&nbsp; Well, now it is your
reality.&nbsp; The question you must answer is whether you'll submit right now,
so the fun and games can start right away; or, if you resist, I will have to
enforce your submission, and that will be painful for you.&nbsp; But, either
way, you will submit to my will and be ruled by me.&quot;

&nbsp;

David
looked quite pale and said nothing at first.&nbsp; Finally, he offered:&nbsp;
&quot;Fuck you, bitch!&nbsp; I will not!&nbsp; You're my father's wife for
Christ-sake, and more importantly, I don't serve as anyone's slave!&quot;&nbsp;
The problem David was having, however, is that he wasn't sure deep down he
meant that.&nbsp; The sight of his stepmother, decked out in leather, boots,
and whip-wielding was stirring his groin.&nbsp; But he also thought how much he
liked his life right now and certainly had no intention of trading it for
household drudgery and sexual servitude.&nbsp; Experimenting with a cute co-ed
for night might be one thing (though he hadn't had such an opportunity) but
becoming his stepmother's slave was something else.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;At the
same time, David was not confident that in the end she wouldn't be able to
force him to submit, at least until he got out of the house.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
well, David.&nbsp; It didn't make too much difference to me how we did
this.&nbsp; The gentle way would have been more pleasurable for you.&nbsp; We
could have connected sooner.&nbsp; But this way, we'll at least have
established right away&nbsp; that this is no game and
that I am very much in charge and you no longer have any will of your own,
other than what I grant you.&nbsp; And by the way, I very much love your
father.&nbsp; You are no substitute for him.&nbsp; Don't think of this as my
cheating.&nbsp; In fact, training and supervising you over the next year will
keep my mind very much off any thoughts of wandering.&quot;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Beth put
down the handcuffs, gag, hunting knife, and riding crop.&nbsp; She took a step
toward David.&nbsp; &quot;First, I will go over the rules.&nbsp; Rule Number
One, when you are in this, you will be naked at all times.&quot;&nbsp; With
that she advanced on David, who by now had stood up as was accurately aware
that he did not look as tall or as strong as his stepmother.&nbsp; Beth punched
David in the solar plexis, causing him to double over
in pain.&nbsp; She then grabbed his t-shirt and kicked him to the ground with
her leather-clad leg, ripping the t-shirt right off his back.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Beth stood
over a coughing David, now shirtless, with a look of amusement in her
eye.&nbsp; The only thing he still had on was a pair of shorts.&nbsp; She
noticed he wasn't even wearing any underwear, the slob.&nbsp; As she watch him
for a moment more, she side-stepped David's pitiful effort to grab her leg to
trip her.&nbsp; She gave him a swift kick in the stomach, not so hard as to damage the boy but hard enough that he wasn't
moving right away.&nbsp; She grabbed the hunting knife and handcuffs off the
floor, pushed David out of the fetal position he was in and onto his back with
her boot and sat down on his chest, pinning his arms at his sides.&nbsp;
Holding the knife up close to his face, she smiled a wicked grin and reached
behind her.&nbsp; Carefully she slid the knife into his shorts and sliced
through them.&nbsp; David tried to struggle and move, but she stopped that by
squeezing him hard with her legs.&nbsp; His shorts were now gone and he was in
his birthday suit.&nbsp; She noted he was more than semi-erect.

&nbsp;

&quot;Beth...please...stop.&nbsp; You're really hurting me.&nbsp; This isn't funny
anymore,&quot; David pleaded.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;This
was never funny, David.&nbsp; I am perfectly serious about all this.&nbsp; Rule
Number Two, you will be subject to my discipline
whenever and where ever and for whatever reason I see fit.&nbsp; Disobedience
in particular will be punished severely.&quot;&nbsp; With that, she slapped him
hard on the face four times, alternating cheeks.&nbsp; David wasn't crying yet,
but she knew she was thoroughly humiliating him, having beaten him so easily
and now inflicting punishment as if he were a small child in trouble with his
mother.

&nbsp;

&quot;Rule
Number Three, you will be in bondage at all times in this house, unless I have
some reason for you not to be, which will be rare.&nbsp; You will do all your
chores with, at a mininum, handcuffs and a gag.&nbsp;
Yes, it will be harder, but not impossible.&quot;&nbsp; Beth then took David's
hands and cuffed them together.&nbsp; She then got up and cuffed his
legs.&nbsp; She grabbed the gagged and shoved it into his mouth, locking it
behind his head.&nbsp; &quot;Get up, David,&quot; she ordered.&nbsp; With
difficulty, David struggled to his feet. Beth grabbed her riding crop and sat
down on the couch, surveying her newly trussed up slave.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Rule
Number Four, you will do all housework, clean, some of the cooking, yardwork, as well as attending to me physically with baths,
massages, toenail painting, and the like.&nbsp; And&nbsp;Rule Number
Five,&nbsp;you will only crawl on your hands and knees in my presence.&nbsp; No
walking. &nbsp;Do you agree to these rules?&quot;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Not sure
why, but David shook his head, no.&nbsp; His cock was starting to betray him
more, however.&nbsp; The thought that he was bound and naked before his
beautiful stepmother was strangely exciting.

&nbsp;

Beth saw
what was happening even as David tried to hide it and smiled.&nbsp; &quot;Get
over here, David.&quot;&nbsp; David walked to her.&nbsp; &quot;Lay on my
lap.&quot;&nbsp; Realizing what she had in mind because she was twirling the
riding crop in her hand, David just shook his head again.&nbsp; &quot;If you
don't, I'll drop you to that floor again and it will take much longer for you
to get up the next time.&quot;&nbsp; David contemplated his choices and chose
to comply.&nbsp; He laid down on his stepmother's
muscular, sexy legs.&nbsp; She made sure his hardening penis fell between them.&nbsp;
&quot;Very well David, I intend to whip you until you agree.&nbsp; I will ask
you every ten strokes.&nbsp; If you still do not agree, you will get ten more
and then ten more and so on.&quot;

&nbsp;

David may
have thought she could just keep whipping him if he refused to agree to her
rules.&nbsp; But it took him a while to realize that he was mistaken.&nbsp;
Beth gave David ten strokes over his buttocks and back and legs.&nbsp; David
yelled into the gag with each blow.&nbsp; He&nbsp;hadn't thought it would hurt
this much.&nbsp; &quot;Do you agree to my rules?&quot;&nbsp; David shook his
head.&nbsp; Beth gave him ten more, taking a secret delight in each an every
one.&nbsp; After all, it was only yesterday that David was cavalierly leaving
his stuff lying around the house without any regard to helping help the place
clean.&nbsp; That was all over.&nbsp; By the twentieth stroke, David was crying&nbsp; and his cock was no longer all that hard.&nbsp; The
punishment was real.&nbsp; His back, buttocks and legs were turning scarlet
with evident stripes from the crop.&nbsp; &quot;Do you agree?&quot;&nbsp; Again
David shook his head.&nbsp; Again Beth applied the crop.&nbsp; Before the 28th
stroke, David realized it wasn't going to stop and yelled into his gag, a
muffled &quot;I agree.&quot;&nbsp; Beth stopped.&nbsp; &quot;Did you just say
you agree to my rules?&quot;&nbsp; David now nodded yes.&nbsp; &quot;Very good,
David, but we must finish.&nbsp; You only get to answer the quest after 10
strokes.&quot;&nbsp; With that, Beth gave David three more.&nbsp; &quot;Now I
will ask:&nbsp; Do you agree to my rules?&quot;&nbsp; David nodded and was
clearly crying.&nbsp; All of his masculine ego had now
been crushed by his stepmother who was clearly superior to him in every way.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To Bed

&nbsp;

&quot;That
is much better David,&quot;&nbsp; Beth stood up.&nbsp;
&quot;And you will find that when you cooperate, our time together will not be
totally unpleasant for you.&nbsp; Oh, you will have to do what you are told,
the chores, and you may as well know right now that from now on all of your
discipline will be physical---however small the infraction of my rules and my
authority.&nbsp; You will obey completely and your submission will be total, or
I will resume where I left off.&nbsp; Do you understand me?&quot;&nbsp; She
took off his gag, and he nodded.&nbsp; &quot;Say it, David.&quot;&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

In a quiet
voice, David replied:&nbsp; &quot;I understand.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Wonderful!&nbsp;
I am so looking forward to our time together, David.&nbsp; Now don't go away,
forgot something.&quot;&nbsp; With that, Beth left the room, leaving David
uncomfortable in his hand and leg-cuffs as well as aching backside.&nbsp; He
didn't want to try to stand as hobbled as he was, not did he want to sit and
put pressure on his sore ass, so he remained on his knees, to Beth's delight.

&nbsp;

&quot;You look
lovely, David,&quot; Beth declared on reentering the room.&nbsp; &quot;It is
good you are practicing staying in that position, as it is where you will be
most of the time we spend together.&nbsp; Crawl over to me now.&quot;&nbsp;
Beth now held up a black leather collar with a four-foot long metal dog leash
attached to it.&nbsp; Beth truly loved watching a man crawl in submission to a
dominant woman, but it was especially enjoyable watching her sometimes insolent
stepson do so in her presence, for her.&nbsp; Beth put the collar on David and
led him to her bedroom.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
let us have some fun!&quot;

&nbsp;

David was
really sure what to expect at this point.&nbsp; He figured Beth planned to rape
him and he was really all that unhappy at the prospect, but once again he mind
could not conjure in his imagination the things Beth was planning to do for
real, right away.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
have a long day of hard work ahead of you tomorrow, David, but it will be
several hours before you will be permitted to sleep tonight.&quot;&nbsp; She
sat down on the edge of the bed and&nbsp; pulled him
by the leash in close.&nbsp; Bending over she whispered in David's ear:&nbsp;
&quot;Make no mistake, this is about me, and giving me
pleasure.&quot;&nbsp; Straightening up, holding the leash in one and
hand,&nbsp;a riding crop in the other, and speaking normally, Beth
ordered:&nbsp; &quot;Take off my boots, and worship my feet!&quot;&nbsp; With a
little difficulty David unzipped Beth's boots and hesitantly began to kiss his
new mistress's feet.&nbsp; &quot;Not like that.&nbsp; Use your tongue, such on
the toes!&quot;&nbsp; David had never put on mouth on someone's foot before,
but a strop across his back with the riding crop convinced him to move faster
and try harder.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

He began
licking Beth's feet, slowly at first, uncertainly, but soon developed at
rhythm.&nbsp; He became quite adept at toe-sucking and Beth made him work on
each foot for at least 10 minutes, moving back-and-forth between the feet,
sometimes shoving the entire front half of foot into his mouth, enjoying it
simply because she could do it and David, still hand-cuffed, had no choice but
to take it.&nbsp; Beth, meanwhile laid back on her
pillows in the bliss of her training David into a full-pledged
toe-sucker.&nbsp; After 20 minutes or so of this, she wanted to move on.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Start
working your way up my legs, messaging them and kissing every square inch of
them, David, and when you get to my shorts, take them off.&quot;&nbsp; It took
David quite sometime to do that as Beth made him do both legs.&nbsp; Once he
was at her creamy white, muscular thighs, she lifted her legs on to David's
shoulders as he proceeded, but periodically interrupted his activities to
capture and squeeze David's head between her powerful legs.&nbsp; It wasn't
enough to hurt him, but it did make him uncomfortable and was a delicious
reminder of her power over him and how utterly incapable he was of protecting
himself from the designs of his Amazonian stepmother.&nbsp; 

&nbsp;

Finally he
reached the point where he was clearly expected to pull down his stepmother's
shorts.&nbsp; He did so, revealing she was red-head all the way through.&nbsp;
&quot;Now, David, we are going to make an outstanding pussy-licker out of you
before we are through.&quot;&nbsp; David clearly didn't want to.&nbsp; It was
not something he had ever done before and he wasn't particularly excited about
the prospect.&nbsp; Still, his hands and legs were still bound, Beth held the
leash attached his collar, her strong legs gripped his chest, and Beth had
proven she could overpower him, rather easily.&nbsp; David steeled himself for
what would come next.

&nbsp;

Beth gave
explicit directions as she slowly pull the leash---and
the head attached to it---to her groin.&nbsp; As David worked,
she&nbsp;spoke:&nbsp; &quot;Kiss around it, slowly....move closer as you
do...that's right....begin to lick, slowly....more, more....use more of your
tongue, make it flatter, wider....do that for while, oh yessss.....keep
going, keep going....oh, David, that's it....now press your mouth against me,
stick your tongue inside, keep wiggling it...farther, yess,
god yess....&quot;&nbsp; Beth had a firm grip on his
head now with her hands, her strong legs were locked together behind his back,
and she was controlling most of the movement.&nbsp; She came twice before David
could really catch a breather.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ah,
David, you're coming along nicely already.&nbsp; But let us proceed on&nbsp;to
the main event.&quot;&nbsp; Beth yanked David up onto the bed and proceeded to
tie his arms and legs tightly to the four corners of her bed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Beth
had quite deliberately stretched David's limbs to their limit.&nbsp; When she
finished, she sat on David's chest and gave him a good hard slap.&nbsp;
&quot;For fun!&quot; she told him.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
David, I am going to fuck you.&nbsp; By hardness of your cock, it is clearly
not an idea altogether repellent to you.&nbsp; But understand this.&nbsp; We do
this my way, always my way, as far as I am concerned at this moment you become
little more than a living dildo to me---although you'll have a good, I assure
you.&quot;&nbsp; Beth slipped a condom on him---&quot;to slow you down.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;But
first, I'll need to warm myself up a bit.&quot;&nbsp; Beth first bent down and
bit David hard and repeatedly around the neck and chest, eliciting several
screams from David.&nbsp; Beth loved it when David screamed.&nbsp; Beth then
pressed her red-haired pussy firmly against David's face and proceeded to
masturbate herself on his face.&nbsp; Once she was close to coming, Beth
impaled herself on David's erect cock and began to ride him rather
roughly.&nbsp; She punctuated their coupling with numerous distractions for
David:&nbsp; slaps to the face, pinches to his nipples, and even tickling under
his arms.&nbsp; Combined with the condom, it had the desired effect and held
him off until she had come twice more.&nbsp; David had never screamed louder in
his life when he did.

&nbsp;

Beth
collapsed and laid down beside him.&nbsp; She was
smiling at David.&nbsp; &quot;Tomorrow, my little slave boy, you will be put to
work---under my close supervision.&nbsp; It won't be all the fun and games
today was.&quot;&nbsp; With that, Beth loosened David's bonds a bit and they
both fell asleep, but not before Beth indulged in a few more sadistic,
well-aimed pinches.

&nbsp;

(To be
continued, if readers like it and I can decide where I want the characters to
go.)

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  oliverc


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





