BDSM Library - Agony & Ecstasy




Agony & Ecstasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In his mind Gene exists for one reason only, to cum, ejaculate, have an orgasm.. 







PART 1

 
   jim
   jim
  1
  3
  2007-01-25T00:39:00Z
  2007-01-25T00:42:00Z
  1
  1570
  8954
   
  74
  21
  10503
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 1



In his mind Gene exists for one reason only, to cum, ejaculate, have an
orgasm..&nbsp;&nbsp; He thinks about sex constantly, he searches the internet
for pornography of all sorts.. Looking at pictures of woman's sexy nylon
sheathed legs, their feet in stiletto heeled shoes, especially open toe sandals
which gives him a stirring in his constantly aroused genitals. Likewise the
display of large breasts, especially long, stiff, erect nipples makes his penis
twitch.&nbsp; 

His most special interest is the display of both these particular fetishes
looking at BDSM, the more graphic and cruel the more exciting to him. He
subscribes to several extreme BDSM sites dealing in bondage, the torment and
torture of beautiful, well endowed females. 

He is bisexual in that although strongly and predominantly attracted to woman
he also loves the male penis.&nbsp; He is not attracted to males physically,
except he dotes on fondling and sucking the male organ.&nbsp; A compulsive
cocksucker he avidly seeks sucking cock until the person climaxes, and
especially enjoys swallowing huge amounts of semen.

Obviously he is very orally fixated.&nbsp; While enjoying intercourse with a
woman he would much be fellated, or indulge in cunnilingus.

Fantasies of oral sex dominate his thoughts, 24/7 along with the BDSM avenue of
imagined exploits.

He is not imposing in appearance, 5ft 8in, weighing 135 pounds.&nbsp; Average
build, no muscle man by any means but in good physical condition, he's 32. As
previously noted his cock is 6 inches when fully erect, although during
prolonged sessions of masturbation he says it feels like it is a foot long. He
has an amazing, actually just about unbelievable, ability to orgasm and
ejaculate, his load is very copious.&nbsp;&nbsp; He masturbates 5-6 times every
day, sometimes more often if he finds the stimulus. A website, a story,
anything which triggers his sexually obsessed mind to stir.

Gene does not work.&nbsp; He is not tremendously wealthy, just quite well off
thanks to a few fortuitous investments.&nbsp; He lives well but not
ostentatiously.&nbsp; Nice house, in a great area, nice car but not the
&quot;hey look at me and my expensive wheels' kind.&nbsp;&nbsp; He enjoys his
super sexually charged life to the full.

As usual he awakens this particular day with a raging hard on.&nbsp; This
occurs most mornings since his obsession with sex carries into his sleep and he
constantly has highly sexed dreams.&nbsp; Many involving his being the master
in charge of&nbsp; torture in which he sexually abuses beautiful, voluptuous
females.&nbsp; This particular dream involved his being the torture master in a
South American country and he had spent most of the dream inflicting horrific
electro-torture on a magnificent female specimen..

He lay on his bed, legs spread and his 6 inch cock throbbing in his hand.&nbsp;
He propped himself up and reached for the small mound of rubber bands he always
kept handy to use as cock rings.&nbsp; He doubled one over to make it smaller
and slid it over his penis down to the root. Doing the same with another he
placed it just under the knob.&nbsp; He is circumcised so it was not necessary
to pull back a foreskin but he did use another band to stretch the skin on the
shaft super tight.&nbsp; He had found a long time ago that the tighter the skin
was the more sensitive to titillation the organ became...&nbsp; Cupping and
fondling his balls in one hand, he lightly tickled the shaft and under the head
of his by now bursting tool.&nbsp; Ever so slowly and lightly he played his
fingers up and down the trembling shaft causing it to jerk and swell.&nbsp; My
god it was fantastic!&nbsp; Pre-cum drooled from the hole in the shinny head of
his lust swollen member.&nbsp; Smearing a glob on a finger he raised it to his
mouth and licked savoring the sweet nectar.&nbsp; 

Leaving the digital fondling of his genitals he ran his thumbs over his highly
sensitive&nbsp; nipples.&nbsp; He had also found long ago that there is a very
direct connection between them and his penis. Each and every brush across them
made his cock jump and twitch.&nbsp; When he is highly aroused he can actually
climax just by stimulating his nipples, his swollen member spewing copious
loads of hot gooey cum into whatever receptacle he is using at the time.&nbsp;
He lets none of it go to waste.&nbsp; He either is curled back over himself and
squirts his always generous load directly into his gaping mouth or spills his
seed into a cup or glass, to then be upturned and drained into his eager
mouth.&nbsp; 

On this occasion he is reliving the last nights dream and can still see and
hear the struggles and cries of his victim.&nbsp; His member is jerking and
flinging pre-cum over his stomach and thighs&nbsp; Not wanting to stop the
stimulation of his nipples to fondle and caress himself to orgasm he reaches
over and picks up one of his vibrators.&nbsp; It has a long handle with a large
flat head 3 inches around with rubber nodules covering it.&nbsp; He turns it on
and nestles it between his thighs, resting against his nuts, with his rigid
tool lying across the top, a large nodule in the groove just under the
head.&nbsp; Gene uses this device frequently.&nbsp; It allows him to continue
playing with his nipples and is subtle enough to allow him to teeter on the
edge for a very long time.&nbsp; He has kept himself on this plateau while
watching porno vids or viewing a hot website for more than an hour many
times.&nbsp; When he finally lets himself plunge over the edge he can shoot
semen several feet, and nearly passes out in ecstatic delirium.&nbsp; 

At the moment he is riding on the crest of a tremendous high.&nbsp; His feet
are drumming on the bed and the chills and shivers are running up and down his
body.&nbsp; He is trembling and squirms as he relives&nbsp; the dream.&nbsp;
Sweat runs down his sides and he is rapidly climbing that hill to paradise. His
groin is humping on the vibrator as he tweeks and pinches his nipples.

This morning he needs to cut himself short, he has things to do today, but
first things first.&nbsp;&nbsp; After some 20 minutes of self stimulation and
play he knows he is about to cum and reaching to the nightstand retrives a
glass urine bottle with it's elongated neck He jambs it over the bursting head
of his cock.&nbsp; Gene shakes and quivers, chills running up and down his arms
and legs.&nbsp; His gut tenses, his legs stiff as steel rods.&nbsp;&nbsp; With
a keening moan his balls contract and&nbsp; steaming, glutinous semen spews
from the swelling knob of his hyper stimulated cock.&nbsp; Contraction after contraction
blasts from his balls.&nbsp; It makes a large pool in the bottom of the urinal.
He twitches and jerks as his hot load continues to gush.&nbsp;&nbsp; It takes a
full minute for the contractions and spurts to subside and Gene slumps on the
bed, the vibrator still humming.

He sets the bottle aside and milks the last dregs of cum from the head of his
cock, scooping it on his fingers transferring it to his lips, sucking.&nbsp;
Then he lifts the bottle, with it's luxurious heavy load of semen, over his
open mouth and drains it, gurgling as it slithers down his throat. Then he lays
back smacking his lips and sighs in contentment.

&quot;Man-o'-man what a fab way to start the day.&nbsp;&nbsp; UmmmmmMMM!
yum!&nbsp; I mean lets face it, there just ain't no better way to start the day
than with a big, hot, slimy load of cum sliding down your throat.&nbsp;&nbsp;
God if there was just some way I could live on the stuff.&nbsp;
UUUmmmmmmmMMM!&quot;

Straighten up the bed, clean out the bottle by scooping it clean with his
fingers and licking them clean, and into the shower, then breakfast&nbsp; 

Now for a day of searching about for some hot porno to watch or see if maybe
one of his buddies wants one of Gene's fabulous blowjobs.&nbsp; He is after all
one of the best cocksuckers around, being able to deep-throat just about
anyone.&nbsp; Fact be known the biggest cock he ever sucked and guzzled to the
balls was a monster black 13 incher.&nbsp; It still makes his mouth water to
dream of that one. Man what a sweet hot load THAT was. Or maybe he will call
one of his female friends. He could use a nice hot girly mouth slurping his
ever stiff cock. A little tasty pussy lapping would be nice too. Some of his
young ladies habitually pass out when he sucks their cunt.

First to the computer and surfing for porn though.&nbsp; 

One of Gene's few complaints, is the size of his sexual equipment.&nbsp; It
does and always has given him untold sexual pleasure.&nbsp; It is after all
though just 6 inches.&nbsp; If 6 inches gives him that much pleasure, just
think how much more mind boggling it would be if it were 9 or 10 inches.&nbsp;
Holy shit!&nbsp; He'd never take his hands off it.&nbsp; In fact maybe 12
inches would be even better.&nbsp; Then he could suck himself off and shoot
that elixir directly into his gullet. He just might never leave the house.

He had run across a website last week promising unheard of enhancement for the
male genitals.&nbsp; Guaranteeing to make it big as you want and increasing
sensitivity and the amount of semen produced.&nbsp; He had been rushed for time
at the moment but had stored the address in the computer. He brought it back up
and scrutinized it closely.

It was called &quot;The Enhancement Institute.&quot;
It claimed to have treatment and guidance which would increase the size and
output of ANY males genitals with drugs, and physical therapy.&nbsp; It said
results were guaranteed and had several plans to choose from.&nbsp; It was a
live in facility located on a private island off the mainland of South
America.&nbsp; There was an e-mail address as well as telephone numbers.&nbsp; 

It sounded like it just might be the kind of thing he could use.&nbsp; He was
too hopped up to wait for an answer via the e-mail so he called the fone
number. A sexy sounding female took his call and asked him&nbsp; a few&nbsp;
questions then said she would call him back shortly when they had verified the
information.&nbsp;&nbsp; He must have checked out pretty damn good as she returned
the call within 10 minutes telling him he was approved and they would FedEx him
the details immediately. 

The information she HAD given him on the fone, growth hormone injections along
with their own secret drugs injected into&nbsp; the point of desired growth.&nbsp;
They facilitated the growth of the organ as well as injections to increase the
semen production and staying power to delay ejaculation for extended
periods.&nbsp; Just the conversation alone had him stiff as a new
broom.&nbsp;&nbsp; He had it out and was jacking the shaft while they
talked.&nbsp; 

He was hyper stimulated all day watching vids and perusing albums of pics he
had copied from the net. He masturbated 6 times the rest of the
day.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just thinking about being able to suck himself off had his
nuts tingling. 



To Be Continued.........














PART 2




 
   jim
   jim
  1
  1
  2007-02-06T00:30:00Z
  2007-02-06T00:31:00Z
  1
  1389
  7923
   
  66
  18
  9294
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 2

Gene was on pins and needles the next day, fidgeting and playing with himself
just thinking of the possibilities if the institute checks out and the programs
look promising.

The FedEx package finally arrived just before lunch.&nbsp; He is so worked up he
doesn't give any thought to lunch but, nervously unwraps the brochures and
information pamphlets.&nbsp; They are very graphic and illuminating with many
before/after photos of what can be accomplished using the institutes
techniques. One group of photos shows a client who finished with a phenomenal
tool of 18 inches.&nbsp; The knob on it was the size of a plum.. God with a dick like that a guy could deep-throat
himself.&nbsp; A bit over the top in Gene's opinion though.&nbsp; What the hell
does he do with it when not using it? Wrap it around his waist?&nbsp; No,
that's a bit more than even a devoted masturbator like himself
desires.&nbsp; They did say this fellow makes a good living doing porno flicks
though.&nbsp; DUHHH!! 

Gene would have to sign a contract to remain in their charge for a minimum of
six months, depending on how far he wanted to increase size and
volume.&nbsp;&nbsp; There were daily injections of hormones, herbal potions and
various drugs of their own development. Plus long daily exercise sessions with
the institutes technicians.

It sounded fabulous to him and he immediately downloaded the enrollment form
and profile and sent it off along with the required authorization to charge his
no limit credit card for the cost of a six month program, renewable in six
month increments if desired.

They either did not have much business or he looked like an excellent prospect,
for&nbsp; he received confirmation within the hour
along with instructions on how to get to the Institute in South America.

He called his travel agent and booked flights leaving the very next morning,
arriving at the Institute tomorrow evening.

He spent an hour or so making the arrangements with those with need to know,
that he would be leaving the next day for a VERY extended cruise on a South Sea
adventure and would not be available, but would make contact periodically
regarding his whereabouts and that he was, &quot;OK&quot;.&nbsp; Indeed!

He was so excited and horny he masturbated twice before dinner and spent most
of the evening jacking off and slurping his spend.&nbsp; 

He was up before sunrise next morning packing and getting to the airport for
the early departure.&nbsp; He traveled First Class of course and made 3 trips
to the lav enroute to Miami
to, &quot;unload&quot;.&nbsp; His flight was on time and he transferred to the
long trip south in good time.&nbsp; On the flight down he felt the need for
another 4 trips to the lav.
He was fairly drooling in anticipation, like a little kid going to Disneyland for the first time, which in a sense he was.

His commercial airline trip ended on the eastern tip of Brazil.&nbsp; A representative of the Institute met him at
customs and escorted him to their private jet.&nbsp; Gene noticed that from the
size and class of it, that business must be quite lucrative.&nbsp; The flight
to the island took two hours.

Here he was again greeted by a staff member and escorted to a waiting limousine
and they were on their way.&nbsp; Being so close to the equator the weather was
very warm and quite humid but the limo was air conditioned and the day was
magnificent.&nbsp; Clear blue sky, gentle breezes.

He was ushered into the reception area, where he was registered, then assigned
his own suite for his stay, however long it may turn out to be.

The sexy young woman who led the way to his suite advised him dinner was
available anytime he wished.&nbsp; She also asked if he would like some
&quot;relaxation&quot; assistance before retiring.

He allowed as how that would be delightful and most definitely in need.&nbsp;
She asked if he wished &quot;male, or female&quot;,
companion.

He thought for a moment and decided a male would fit his needs nicely.&nbsp;
That way he could both give and receive, &quot;relaxation.&quot;

He settled into his suite, showered and dressed, then went in to a five star
dinner.&nbsp; He returned quickly to his room and prepared for his partner for
the night.

It couldn't have been more than 15 minutes after he got there that there was
knock at the door.&nbsp; Gene answered and was greeted by a fine young man in
his late twenties or thereabouts.&nbsp; Dark haired and about
his own height.&nbsp; No muscle man to be sure, but the same build as
himself.&nbsp; After all he wasn't attracted to pretty boys or exercise
buffs.&nbsp;&nbsp; His interest lay in the groin area exclusively. No romantic
interest at any time,&nbsp; just sex. 

The young man introduced himself as Raul. He was dressed in a light tropical
weight shirt, and a very brief pair of swim trunks.&nbsp; VERY
brief. From the size of the bulge in his crotch he was just what Gene
had described as essential. He didn't even have sandals on his feet.

They shook hands and Gene led him to the bedroom. Raul shed his shirt on the
way. Gene had changed from his dinner attire and was wearing only a short
robe.&nbsp; Raul reached out and undid the tie on the robe, parting it.&nbsp;
He smiled and nodded approval&nbsp; Gene had a raging
hard on and pre-cum drooled from the tip.&nbsp; He had been tugging on his nuts
before Raul arrived. Raul skinned his brief trunks down and his own stiff penis
sprang up firmly from his groin, at least 10 inches of throbbing male
endowment.&nbsp; Gene automatically licked his lips. Raul's nuts nestled snugly
underneath.&nbsp; Raul had not a hair on his body save that on his head.&nbsp;
His soft smooth body glistened in the subdued light.&nbsp; 

Gene reached out and grasped the stiff circumcised tool in his palm, gliding
his hand up and down.

&quot;Ummmm,,&nbsp;&nbsp; nice!&quot;

Raul cupped Gene's hairless nuts, hanging down from his jerking member, dropped
to his knees and sucked them into his mouth.

Gene moaned and cradled Raul's head in his hands &quot;God he's got a tongue
stud.&quot;&nbsp; The mark of a dedicated cocksucker like
himself.

Raul suckled and tongued the hairless tender orbs, his cheeks hollowing as he
paid homage to the succulent globes.

&quot;Oh God yes!!!&nbsp; That's good!&nbsp;&nbsp;
Suck my balls!&quot;

Raul sucked the tender globes, pulling and licking.&nbsp; He grasped the rock
hard cock above, his fist sliding up and down the shaft, wet and slippery from
Gene's copious flow of pre-cum.&nbsp; Gene moaned again and humped his
quivering crotch into Raul's sucking face.

Raul let the balls pop from his mouth and raising his head licked up the
thrumming shaft of Gene's penis.&nbsp; The head was drooling juice and Raul
slurped it into his mouth and licked around the bursting knob. Round and round
with his tongue, licking,&nbsp; tickling his
stud&nbsp; into the hole.&nbsp; 

Raul quickly&nbsp; engulfed the pulsing head of Gene's
cock, gently sucking.&nbsp; 

Gene was whimpering in lust as he thrust his hips forward, urging Raul to take
more into his sucking mouth.&nbsp; Raul didn't hesitate, and slid the turgid
flesh into his mouth and throat, gurgling and humming.

Gene was beside himself as he fucked his rampant cock into the face of the
enthusiastic cocksucker slurping his tool.&nbsp; While fucking his face onto
Gene's surging penis, Raul tugged and rolled Gene's tingling balls.

Raul sucked Gene's cock for at least 20 minutes, taking him to the brink of
spending several times, but always slacking off enough to keep him on the very
edge, then letting Gene slide back sufficiently so that he could resume sucking
the delicious mouthful of cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; Raul loved to suck cock and guzzle
cum nearly as much as Gene did.&nbsp; He was drawing Gene's nuts right up
through the bursting head of his tool.

Gene finally could take no more.&nbsp; He grunted and moaned, jammed his cock
into Raul's face till his balls were bouncing on his chin, and with a roar,
began pumping&nbsp; cum into Raul's suctioning
orifice.

Gene twitched and convulsed for more than a full minute as his nuts contracted
over and over pouring jet after jet of sweet, glutinous man cream into Raul's
ravenous mouth.&nbsp; Raul guzzled and slurped the spicy goo down as fast as it
gushed from the head of Gene's cock, which seemed to swell with each
spurt.&nbsp; Some of it oozed from the corners of his mouth to drool down his
chin and dribble onto his chest.

Gene, finally fully spent fell back on the bed, panting.

&quot;Man you are one great cock sucker... That was unbelievable.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Let's clean up a bit and I want to go down on that big stiff tool of
yours.&quot;

Raul's cock had been jerking and drooling all the time he had been sucking Gene
off.&nbsp; He had smeared the copious drool of pre-cum over it and lightly
stroked up and down while he sucked.&nbsp; He was careful just to keep it
thrumming though.&nbsp; It would sure spoil the first round if he wasn't
careful and busted his own nuts.

Raul stood up and Gene got up from the bed, and putting his arm around Raul's
shoulder led him to the bath where they cleaned up.

&quot;Now you big pricked son of a-----, lay on the
bed with your back on these pillows and spread your legs so I can get at that
gorgeous meat between your thighs. I'm gonna give you the blowjob of your
life.&quot;

Raul positioned himself in the middle of the huge bed, fluffed the pillows
behind him and spread his legs wide.,&nbsp; his big
penis bobbing between his thighs.&nbsp; Gene crawled up between them and licked
his lips.

&quot;Lordy, that is gorgeous.&nbsp;&nbsp; No wonder I
love sucking cock do much.&nbsp; Just looking at that succulent tool makes my
mouth salivate.&quot;



To Be Continued.................














PART 3

 
   jim
   jim
  1
  1
  2007-02-11T22:41:00Z
  2007-02-11T22:42:00Z
  1
  2753
  15697
   
  130
  36
  18414
  10.2625
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 3

Gene lay on his stomach, his head between Raul's hairless thighs, his face mere
inches from the monster cock jerking and twitching just millimeters from his
salivating mouth.&nbsp; He is mesmerized by such a splendid example of the
tumescent male organ. 

He cradles Raul's swollen balls in his hand.&nbsp; Raul obviously has had them
augmented by the clinic.&nbsp; They are the size of duck eggs, the sack around
them tight and shining.&nbsp; Gene stretches his mouth wide and slurps one into
his eager mouth, tonguing and sucking.&nbsp; Raul groans and presses his crotch
to Gene's sucking lips. Gene tries to engulf both nuts in his mouth at the same
time but they are too big even for him.&nbsp;&nbsp; He lets one pop from his
mouth and sucks in the other,switching back and forth as Raul humms his
appreciation.&nbsp; The pre-cumm is virtually gushing from the swollen knob of
Raul's penis, drooling down the shaft.&nbsp; Gene spreads it over the entire
length of the delightful tool, his fist gliding up and down from Raul's ball
sack to the shining, pulsing knob.

Allowing the plump nut to pop from his mouth, Gene laps up the heavily veined
shaft,the tip of his tongue tickling in the groove under the head.&nbsp; He
laves his tongue around the ridge on the big shiny tool.&nbsp; Gene, like all
dedicated cocksuckers, has a tongue stud.&nbsp; He wriggles it into the hole of
Raul's knob, pumping it in and out, jiggling it.&nbsp; Raul is humping his
groin into Gene's face, moaning and huffing.&nbsp; Gene takes the head of
Raul's penis in his lips and sucking gently, slides it into his mouth, rubbing
the stud in the groove under the knob, slowly engulfing more and more of the
full 10 inches of Raul,s lusty, throbbing cock,&nbsp; the massive head bulging
in his throat as it plunges into his gullet.&nbsp; Gene is intoxicated by the
luscious member fucking in and out of his face.&nbsp; He slobbers and drools
over it, gasping for air as it retreats and plunges back into his suctioning
mouth and throat. Raul is humping up to the ravenous mouth drawing his very
innards from his groin, he keens and moans in ecstasy as Gene sucks him
off.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene draws the sensual coupling out as long as he can,
bringing Raul to the edge of spending time and again, keeping him on the very
brink of blasting his load. Gene manages to suck Raul's succulent cock for
nearly 40 minutes without drawing him over the edge.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Raul finally begs Gene to let him cum, he is going crazy with the expert
fellation of his glorious member.&nbsp; Gene takes every millimeter of Raul
into his sucking orifice and holds it there, squeezing Raul's balls and lapping
the shaft buried in his face.
With a wail of supreme exultation Raul blasts a monumental load into Gene's
sucking maw.&nbsp; Raul cums, and cums, and cums.&nbsp; The gluttonous, sticky,
slimy goo spouts from the pulsing head of his stupendous member.&nbsp;&nbsp; It
spurts and spurts in seemingly never ending quantities. Gene gulps and guzzles
and feasts as fast as he is able, but it is too copious even for this ravenous
cum drinker.&nbsp; It drools from his lips, and&nbsp; squirts from his
nostrils, running down his chin and pooling in the sheet between Raul's
legs.&nbsp; Gene smears it over his face, catching it in his cupped palms., and
sucking it up.&nbsp; After what seems hours of pumping the elixir into Gene's
face, Raul finally flops on the bed, huffing and wheezing.

&quot;Lord almighty, you are one fantastic cocksucker.&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought
you were sucking my insides out.&nbsp; WOW!&nbsp; What a blowjob.&quot;

Gene was too busy lapping up the gooey spend that had escaped from his face to
speak for some minutes.

&quot;My gawd! that is absolutely the biggest and luscious load of cum I have
ever been fortunate enough to gobble.&nbsp; You must have pumped a gallon of
the delicious cream.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; God how I do love the stuff, and how I
would love to be able to cum like that.&quot;

&quot;After your treatments here you will be more than capable of just as much,
even more if you take sufficient injections.&quot;

&quot;Oh Wow!&nbsp; Wouldn't my friend Janine go bonkers over a load like
that.&nbsp; She'd like to bathe in it.&quot;

&quot;Lets clean up and change the bedclothes.&nbsp; I want some more of your
cock and sucking Gene&quot;

&quot;You're reading my mind stud man.&quot;

Gene and Raul spent the rest of the night sucking and fucking into the wee
hours.

Gene was permitted the entire day off to recuperate.&nbsp; They knew what a
strenuous night he had had with Raul, after all the rooms were wired into a
surveillance system and Gene and Raul's antics had been filmed and watched by
anyone tuning in.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Gene was advised at dinner that evening that his treatment and instruction
would begin early next morning, so he should get a good nights rest.&nbsp;&nbsp;


&quot;Try to limit yourself to 2 or 3 jack off sessions tonight&quot;

Bright and early next morning, before sunup, Gene was awakened by an alarm
call, and went in to a sumptuous breakfast.&nbsp; Everything he would need to
boost and maintain his stamina was spread out on the buffet.&nbsp; 

&quot;You are going to need all the energy you can get so eat hearty at all
meals&quot;, were the instructions.

After breakfast Gene was escorted to the office of founder and governing Dr. of
the clinic, Dr. Miko Fujino. He was asked to strip and don the ubiquitous, you
may as well be naked gown, and to take a seat in the Dr.'s office , examination
room.&nbsp; 

Gene had always had a thing about oriental women.&nbsp; There was just
something about them that stirred his sex glands.&nbsp; To say that Dr. Fujino
was the most sensual, libido stirring female he had ever seem was a gross
understatement.&nbsp; By western standards she was tiny.&nbsp; By Asian
standards she was average in size, except for a tremendous rack. She had
lustrous coal black hair, done back and in a French braid.&nbsp; Her legs were
sculpted by the gods, sheathed in dark stockings, her small feet&nbsp; in open,
strappy, stiletto heeled, sandals, which displayed her brightly painted toes.
She was the embodiment of soul stirring sexuality.

&quot;Good morning Gene.&nbsp; I understand you have enjoyed your first few
days with us.&quot;

&quot;Yes indeed Dr.&nbsp; Very much so.&quot;

&quot;Good.&nbsp; We are going to get right to work on your desires.&quot;

Gene didn't know it but his food, since the moment he had arrived, had been
laced with generous amounts of the Dr.'s own aphrodisiac formula.&nbsp; He had
had a throbbing erection since the first day. He didn't think too much about it
since he practically always had one anyway.&nbsp; It did seem to be more
stirring than usual though.&nbsp; Since he was wearing the ridiculous gown it
was very obvious.

&quot;I see you seem to be a bit,,,,,&nbsp; excited?&quot;

&quot;Yeah!&nbsp; It's the way I am I guess.&nbsp; Especially in the morning
and with the anticipation of beginning treatment,..... well!&quot;

&quot;No need to be self conscious Gene.&nbsp; After all that's why you are
here.&quot;

The gown was gaping open and Gene's tool was standing there, rigid and jerking,
right there in the open.

&quot;Your penis appears to be leaking quite a bit.&nbsp; Is that usual when
you are hard?&quot;

&quot;Yes.&nbsp; Even before sometimes.&quot;

&quot;That's excellent.&nbsp; Would you stand here in front of me please?&quot;

Gene stood facing this magnificent female, his rock hard cock bobbing and
jerking. The Dr. reached out and grasped his&nbsp; quivering tool in her hand
and proceeded to gently massage the shaft and head.&nbsp; Gene gasped and gave
a small sigh.

&quot;This is a very lovely and beautiful organ Gene.&nbsp; Though little on
the small side it is a well formed and feels very warm in my hand. The knob
looks positively scrumptious.&quot;

&quot;My God your hand is exciting.&quot;

&quot;Ummm, yes.&quot;

With that Dr. Fujino fell to her knees and engulfed Gene's turgid, throbbing
cock in her mouth, sinking to the balls.&nbsp; Dr. Fujino gave Gene a 5 minute
suck to end all.&nbsp;&nbsp; She was an extremely talented cocksucker.&nbsp;
She stopped long before Gene was ready to spurt his cum in her mouth.&nbsp;
Straightening up Dr. Fujino licked her lips and smiled.

&quot;You have a very fine penis Gene.&nbsp; You have delightful material to
work with.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Now,,,, how much do you wish to enlarge your
member.&quot;

&quot;Welll I think at least 10 inches would be great.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's what
Raul, the young man sent to my room night before last, has and it was very
nice.&nbsp; One thing though.&nbsp; He showed me how he could suck the head of
it and cum that way.&nbsp; I sure would like to be able to do that.&quot;

&quot;I can tell you it is extremely satisfying to be able to bring yourself to
climax with your own mouth.&nbsp; It is much easier for a man to do this than a
woman of course.&nbsp; You stick right up there and it's aimed right where you
need it.&nbsp; With a woman it takes a LOT more training, but it is
possible.&quot;

Really?&nbsp; Wow I'd sure like to see that!&quot;

&quot;We can arrange it if you would like to watch one of our staff or a
client.&quot;

&quot;Put me on the list.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wow to see a girl eat her own pussy! Outa
site!&quot;

&quot; Very good then.&nbsp; If you really want to suck yourself off I might
suggest a bit more in the enhancement area.&nbsp; With the exercise training we
give you, it will be very possible when you finish to be able to suck yourself
off if you have 10 inches.&nbsp; If we enhance you a couple more inches, to 12
inches, you will not only be able to suck the knob but take in 2 or 3 inches of
the shaft.&nbsp; It's a lot more satisfying to be able to lick the shaft as you
suck your knob.&quot;

&quot;Then that is what I would like.&nbsp; Golly!&nbsp; Imagine me with a 12
inch penis...&nbsp; My lady and boy friends will absolutely flip out.&nbsp; The
other thing I want is for increased volume of ejaculate.&nbsp; Raul just
flooded me with his and I was in heaven.&quot;

&quot;No problem.&nbsp; We will enhance your production of ejaculate to the
point it will enable you to fill a quart container with no problem.&nbsp; As
with your penis enlargement it will just be the injection of sufficient
hormones and my formulas during your stay with us.&nbsp; There is really no
limit to how large we can make your tool, nor how much seed you ejaculate.&quot;

&quot;I just knew I made the right decision to come here.&quot;

&quot;Very good Gene.&nbsp; If you will just come with me.&quot;

Dr. Fujino reached out and and grasped Gene's stiff member and led him through
a door into what was one of the Dr's examination and treatment rooms..

&quot;Now I'm sure you remember reading in our brochure that some discomfort is
involved.&nbsp; Are you sure you wish to continue under these
circumstances?&quot;

&quot;Unless you cut it off,&nbsp; I'm completely agreeable.&quot;

The Dr. had pressed a button on her desk as they had left her office.&nbsp; She
had summoned the persons who would assist her. Two husky young men and a pair
of gorgeous females were waiting.&nbsp; All four completely naked, the guys
with huge erections.&nbsp; 

There was a padded table on one side of the room and a padded gyno examination
chair on the other.&nbsp; There were several cabinets along the walls filled
with all sorts of gleaming instruments.&nbsp; A large refrigerator stood to one
side.&nbsp; 

&quot;If you will discard the robe and climb into the chair Gene.&quot;

Gene climbed up into the padded gyno chair and placed his legs in the supports,
his feet in the stirrups.&nbsp; The assistants surrounded him and proceeded to
strap him down.&nbsp; A strap tight around his waist.&nbsp; More tight straps
at his groin, above his knees and at his ankles.&nbsp; Another strap high up on
this chest under the armpits, above the elbow and at his wrists. All were
snugged to the point of cutting.&nbsp; His head lay on a padded head rest, and
a strap tightened around his forehead.&nbsp; This way he could watch the entire
procedure.

Gadzooks he thought!&nbsp; What in hell they gonna do that they need all this?

While they were strapping him down, Dr. Fujino had removed her starched white
smock.&nbsp; She stood waiting for the finish of his preparation.&nbsp; She
wore the skimpiest of lace bra and panties.&nbsp; They were the finishing
touches to her sexually&nbsp; stirring appearance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene had jerked
off many times to pics or vids of similarly attired sensual females, and the
good Dr. was as exotic and stimulating as any.&nbsp; His cock was doing a dance
in appreciation.

&quot;Now the initial injections will be in your penis and each of your
testicles.&nbsp; All of the injections that will be administered will be done
at the same time.&nbsp; You will receive them each day until the desired
results are archived.&nbsp; They will hurt. Each and every time.&nbsp; If they
are too much for you to endure you will just have to bear with them.&nbsp; You
signed documents upon entering.&nbsp; They are binding and irrevocable.&nbsp;
You are here for as long as it takes. Do you understand?&quot;

&quot;You mean I can't forfeit my entire payment and leave?&quot;

&quot;Under NO circumstances may you leave until I have completed your
treatment.&quot;

Gene thinks, what have I gotten myself into?&nbsp; Sure I want a big cock I can
suck.&nbsp; And to cum in buckets, but holy shit from the way they have me
strapped down she could torture me and I couldn't do anything about it.&nbsp;
Holy Cocksuckers Batman!!!!!

Dr. Fujino steps between Gene's legs and cups his nuts in her soft warm hand,
rolling them about and gently squeezing.&nbsp; She takes his member in her hand
and slides her fist up and down the throbbing shaft, rubbing her thumb under
the head.&nbsp; She then leans down and begins her expert sucking&nbsp; A
couple minutes of this and he thinks maybe she was just trying to scare him,
after all he is getting one fabulous blowjob.&nbsp; 

While the Dr. is sucking Gene's cock to rock hard stiffness, the two female
assistants go to the the refrigerator and return with several small
bottles.&nbsp; The male assistants go to the cabinets and place several items
on a table with wheels and roll it to Gene's side.&nbsp; Dr. Fujino ceases
sucking Gene's cock and picks up a rubber ball with straps attached&nbsp; She
hands it to one of the girls who goes to Gene's head, saying, &quot;open
wide.&quot;&nbsp; Before even thinking of questioning, Gene opens his mouth.
The girl pops the ball into the opening and wraps the straps around his head
and buckles them in back.&nbsp; Gene automatically tries to struggle and spit
the ball out but it is useless.

&quot;Relax my boy.&nbsp; That's just in case you get a little vocal during the
procedure.&quot;

Gene grunts and tries to shake his head, mumbling behind the gag.

The Dr. picks up a very large syringe with an exceptionally long needle,
covered by a thin sheath.&nbsp; She removes the sheath and draws a syringe full
of the contents of one of the bottles, then recovers the needle with the
sheath.&nbsp; One of the girls hands her a tube of lubricant.&nbsp;&nbsp; She
looks at Gene's cock as it drools his own lubricant from the hole in his
knob.&nbsp; Dr. shakes her head.
&quot;He has more than sufficient lube right there.&nbsp; She scoops up a
dollop and coats the sheath covering the needle.&nbsp; The needle is 12 inches
long.&nbsp; Taking Gene's rock hard throbbing penis in one hand, she spreads
the opening of his urethra and brings the end of the syringe to the gaping
mouth.&nbsp; Slowly she inserts the tip into the opening and slides it into
Gene's cock.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene flinches and grunts.&nbsp; The Dr. presses and
twists the syringe as it slides easily further into the tube in Gene's
cock.&nbsp; Down, down, down she pushes the sheathed needle.&nbsp; Gene's eyes
are bulging and a muted whine issues from behind the ball.&nbsp; 2, 3,4 inches
are imbedded in his member.&nbsp; She still pushes, 5,6 inches.&nbsp; The end
of the syringe is at the base of Gene's impaled penis.&nbsp; The Dr. forces
another inch into his bursting cock.&nbsp; Her fingers close on and grip the
upper end of the protecting sheath over the needle.&nbsp; Then she gives a
short sharp push.&nbsp; The point of the needle pierces the sheath and plunges
into the muscle and flesh..&nbsp; Gene goes rigid, the muscles of his entire
body stiffen and a muffled scream is strangled by the gag in his mouth.&nbsp;
The Dr. presses the plunger on the syringe and it's contents surge into Gene's
body., it burns and stings&nbsp; As soon as the syringe is emptied Dr. Fujino
quickly&nbsp; withdraws it from Gene's violated penis. As it exits his organ
his body relaxes, his breath coming in gasps, his chest heaving.

&quot;Now that wasn't so bad was it?&quot;

Gene frantically tries to shake his head, his eyes bulging in horror as to what
she has done to him.&nbsp; And there is nothing he an do to escape.

&quot;Now, lets take care of these little gems,&quot; says the Dr. cupping
Gene's testicles.

Oh MY GOD thinks Gene.

Dr.. Fujino picks up a couple of sterile plastic ties from the table.&nbsp; She
lifts one of Gene's nuts and pulling the sack above till the flesh is tight and
shiny, ties the skin off with the plastic tie.&nbsp; One of the girls hands her
a syringe, already charged from one of the bottles.&nbsp;&nbsp; No sheath on
this needle.&nbsp; She places the point to the bottom of the shinning orb, Gene
is quaking and trembling.&nbsp; With one sure thrust she impales his testicle,
driving the needle fully halfway through the tender globe.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene
goes rigid, his eyes bulging, fists clenched, his feet flailing in the
air.&nbsp; If not for the gag his scream would have shattered the glass in the
cabinets.&nbsp; The Dr. withdraws the needle and Gene slumps in the chair,
panting and shaking.

Dr. Fujino pats Gene on the stomach, &quot;just one more.&quot;

Gene thrashes to the limit of his bindings, tries to shake his head no.

Slowly and deliberately Dr. Fujino prepares Gene's other testicle for it's
violation.&nbsp; He now knows what is coming and a high-pitched scream tries to
escape the ball clenched tight in his teeth. Slowly and with due care Dr.
Fujino plunges a new needle into the shining orb in her grasp.&nbsp; Gene again
thrashes and does his best to scream his agony as his tender globe is pierced
to the core.

Gene's body is shaking and trembling as the ordeal ends.&nbsp; Sweat runs from
his naked body, soaking the table beneath him.&nbsp; Muffled groans of pain
creep past the gag.

Another syringe is handed to the Dr.&nbsp; Gene's eyes widen again.&nbsp; What
now?&nbsp; She has already tortured my genitals beyond repair!&quot;&nbsp; Dr.
Fujino uses it to administer a sedative to knock him out for at least 12 hours
of recovery.&nbsp; Looking down at Gene she explains that he will now sleep and
rest off the after effects of his &quot;treatment&quot;.&nbsp; A look of
puzzlement spreads across his face.

&quot;I know what you are thinking. Why didn't I knock you out before doing
such horrible things.&nbsp; You must be fully awake and conscious when the
serum is administered.&nbsp; I know it is painful but subsequent injections
will not be as strong and will not be quite so painful.&quot;

Christ on a crutch Gene thinks&nbsp; I sure as hell hope not.&nbsp;&nbsp; What
have I done to myself?&nbsp; All for just a bigger hard on. 

Gene is released from the chair and placed on a gurney, wheeled to his suite
and tucked into his bed.&nbsp; He will awaken in 12 hours feeling no soreness
or ill effects of&nbsp; what he will later term torture, &quot;treatment&quot;



To Be Continued..............














PART 4

 
   jim
   jim
  1
  1
  2007-02-20T11:54:00Z
  2007-02-20T11:55:00Z
  1
  2157
  12297
   
  102
  28
  14426
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








PART 4


Gene remembers nothing after being placed on the gurney.&nbsp; He lapsed into
merciful, painless, sleep. He hardly stirred all night.&nbsp; He awoke in the
morning expecting his genitals to be swollen and throbbing in pain. Quite to
the contrary he felt great with no tenderness or pain from his treatment of
yesterday.&nbsp; 

He was starving as he had not had any food since his breakfast yesterday..&nbsp; After his treatment he had been returned to his
room and been zonked ever since.&nbsp; 

He showered, dressed and hot footed it in to the dinning room for the usual
lavish morning meal. 

Dr. Fujino came to his table and inquired how he felt, and that he should come
to her office when finished for his next treatment.&nbsp; Gene showed a bit of
hesitancy and the Dr. told him that that was no surprise since the first
treatment usually produced some misgivings since it was more vigorous than most
clients expected, but it would not be nearly as tough from here on.&nbsp; 

Gene allowed as how he had signed on to the treatment, and the aftermath was
quite pain free, there being absolutely no lingering soreness of any kind, he
would continue on the treatment cycle. 

Besides, Dr. Fujino had let him know in no uncertain&nbsp;
terms yesterday...... he really had NO choice! He was hers to use and to
do to as she pleased!

He checked in the Dr.'s office a short time later. She greeted him cordially
and had him strip and go to the treatment room.&nbsp; He was again strapped
down, to prevent any inadvertent jerking or movement during the treatment and
thereby injuring himself.&nbsp; Since he knew what was coming he was a little
on edge but had by now resigned himself to the penalty of what he would reap as
a reward.

The first thing Dr Fujino did was have one of the female assistants inject the
aphrodisiac into the area between penis and testicles.&nbsp; The effect was
almost immediate.. He felt that sexual urge at once,
and when the lovely assistant took his tool in her mouth and sucked him it
responded at once, rising up hard and throbbing.

First said the Dr. we need to see is if there has been any change in your
member.&nbsp; You remember we measured it when you first arrived. After being
stimulated to assure you were at maximum extension, we measured your
penis.&nbsp; It was indeed as you said, 6, very firm inches.&nbsp;&nbsp; There
is usually an immediate spurt after the first treatment since the dosage is
very potent.

The Dr. took Gene's throbbing tool in her hand and massaged it a bit more to be
sure it was fully engorged.&nbsp; Using a unique measuring device she placed it
against Gene's quivering member.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&quot;Very good.&nbsp; 6 1/4.
&quot;

Gene was a bit taken aback.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&quot;You mean with just that one injection, painful though it was,, I have already increased a quarter inch?&quot;

'Indeed you have my dear.&nbsp; That's a good sign.&nbsp; The compound I used
was well suited for you.&nbsp; We will continue with the same ingredients but
in a reduced volume.&nbsp; I think your testicles look a bit bigger too.&quot;

&quot;I noticed that when I showered but figured they were a bit swollen from
being pierced.'

&quot;No. Not at all.&nbsp; They too are reacting to
the hormone/growth formula&nbsp; Now if you are ready
we will move on.&nbsp; Today after your injections you will go to one of the
exercise rooms, and technicians will start you on a program.&quot;

Assistants prepared the injections and Dr. Fujino once again inserted the huge
needle into Gene's stiff erection.&nbsp; He winched and cried out as the hypo
pierced his urethra and the growth formula flowed into his system.&nbsp; It was
still a form of torture to have that huge needle inserted all the way into his
penis.&nbsp; He made a bit more noise when the needles pierced his balls.&nbsp;
The needles again driving into the tender orbs.&nbsp;
When it was over Gene was quivering and drenched in sweat.&nbsp; He was given a
glass of liquid to refresh and prepare him for his &quot;exercises&quot;.

He was unstrapped and when it was obvious he was stable on his feet the
assistant took him by the hand and led him into another part of the
clinic....&nbsp; It was a long hallway lined on both sides with therapy
rooms.&nbsp; 

She took him into one of them and introduced him to two extremely pretty young
ladies, naked as the day they were born.&nbsp; They showed&nbsp;
him to a treatment table covered with soft sheets and he mounted onto it
and lay back.

The technicians were hot indeed.&nbsp; Both, Robin and Gin were gorgeous.&nbsp;
They had breasts of very large development.&nbsp; The result they informed him
of the clinics treatments.&nbsp; There was no silicone here,&nbsp;
just very large, sumptuous female flesh.&nbsp; 

Gene was hard as a rock, pre-cum drooling from the head of his member.&nbsp;
Robin ewwed over it and fisted it, giving a gentle up and down stroke while Gin
fondled his nuts.&nbsp; Robin leaned over him and cradled his penis between her
breasts, smearing the juice over them and rubbing back and forth.&nbsp; Gene
was on cloud nine, his cock throbbing.&nbsp; 

Gin insinuated her head into his crotch and suckled his balls in her mouth,
sucking and tonguing.&nbsp; Each time his cock popped up between Robins tits
she licked at the head, then slid it into her warm slobbering mouth, sucking.
Robin was an expert at sucking the male member.&nbsp; She easily deep throated
Gene's quivering tool,twisting her head and nodding it
up and down so her throat massaged and squeezed the head and shaft. When she
raised her head her tongue laved and lapped at the head as it slid up into her
mouth and she suckled the knob.

Gin had both his nuts in her mouth and was sucking and twirling her tongue over
them. I no time at all Gene was squirming and crooning in ecstasy, fast
approaching a climax.&nbsp; Just before he busted his nuts and blasted a load
of cum in Robin's mouth, both girls backed off.&nbsp; Gene was left grinding
and humping toward the two voracious mouths but the girls stood by, not
touching him.&nbsp; When he reached toward his pulsing member they pulled his
hands away.

&quot;No! No!....&nbsp; You can't have an
orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Part of the training is that you be stimulated and denied
for a time before you are allowed to cum.&nbsp; It's part of the program to
build up your staying power and increase semen output.&quot;

&quot;But good lord I need to cum!&quot;

&quot;Not for awhile yet&quot;

Awhile turned out to be 4 hours of continual teasing, and sucking,&nbsp; Gene
normally would have squirted his gooey, hot cum 5 or 6 times.&nbsp; His balls
felt like they were the size of baseballs and had begun to ache from the
continual teasing and denial.&nbsp; 

At last they allowed him to cum, Gin was giving him an
unbelievable hand job while Robin was sucking his balls.&nbsp; Gene blasted a
huge load of sticky cum into the air, most of it landing on his own chest and
face.&nbsp; He eagerly licked up&nbsp; what he could
reach with his tongue and Gin stuck her jism covered hands to her mouth and
lapped them clean.&nbsp; Robin left his nuts and gobbled in his still hard cock
and sucked the last dregs from his tubes.

This process, injections, tease and denial for 4-5 hours was repeated each
day.&nbsp; Gene got to looking forward to the procedures, especially having the
beautiful Dr. Fujino play with his cock and plunge the needles into his dick
and balls&nbsp; There was a masochistic streak
emerging in him he had never suspected.&nbsp; He told Dr. Fujino of his looking
forward to her ministrations and she said it was very, very common.&nbsp; She
had found that men really got to looking forward to her manipulation and
injecting the needles.

Whatever it was Gene's cock by the end of the first 6 weeks had grown to nearly
8 inches. The technicians giving him the tease and denial sessions alternated
between male and female. If the cocksucker is good, and all of them were, a
cock doesn't know or care whether it is boy or girl sucking. Just ask any guy,
the worst blowjob he ever got was fantastic 

His balls had grown as big as lemons and the volume of semen had at least
tripled. In addition to his daily&nbsp; tease and
denial sessions he was encouraged to masturbate and play with himself at every
opportunity.&nbsp; He had access to as many clinic technicians as he wanted of
either sex.&nbsp; He watched, by way of the closed circuit TV system, other
clients and techs suck themselves, and others.&nbsp; It was a self abuse addicts paradise.&nbsp; 

At four months in his initial program, Gene was the proud possessor of a
throbbing, pulsating, 10 inch cock.&nbsp; He could came
in quantities that would fill a pint beaker.&nbsp; The techs, male and female
all eagerly guzzled it.&nbsp; When he wanted, they would catch it in a
container and feed it to him, pouring it into his gaping mouth.&nbsp; 

Part of the training and exercise program was instruction in licking and
pleasing the female techs,&nbsp; or other
clients.&nbsp; He had been quite good at eating pussy when he arrived.&nbsp;
They taught him ways to make a woman scream in ecstasy as he suckled at their
cunt.&nbsp; The ultimate reward was having the female squirt in his face and
mouth, the juices dribbling from his chin.&nbsp; One little redheaded client
swore he had a tongue&nbsp; like a snake.&nbsp; She
had visited his suite several times to get her pussy swabbed.&nbsp; In return
she always gave a super blowjob.&nbsp; 

She approached him one evening at dinner and suggested they meet in her suite
for some mutual &quot;practice&quot; of what they had learned and benefited
from during the course of treatment at the institute.

Gene eagerly agreed and they retired to her suite immediately after their
meal.&nbsp; 

Her name was Rita and she was built like a wet dream.&nbsp; Her long auburn
hair cascaded down her back nearly to her sumptuous derriere.&nbsp; Gene swore
her legs went all the way to her neck they were so long and deliciously
formed.&nbsp; Her breasts had been enhanced in the program and must have been a
FF at least, with not the faintest hint of sag or pendulousness.&nbsp; She had
the typical redheads complexion, pale and flawless
with the biggest green eyes he had ever seen.&nbsp; She also had a mouth hot
enough to melt steel&nbsp; God she was a fabulous
cocksucker.

Rita started stripping before the door had closed, exposing that magnificent
body.&nbsp; She then helped Gene finish removing his clothing, nuzzling his
crotch as she pulled his shorts down.&nbsp; Gene's cock was up and twitching as
usual, juice dribbling from the head. Rita remained on her knees in front of
him and stuffed his, now 11 inch, cock down her throat, his lemon sized balls bouncing
under her chin.&nbsp; 

Gene bent and lifted her to her feet, saying, &quot;You first babe.&nbsp; I
want to spend an hour eating your cunt.&quot;

Rita was only too happy with that and&nbsp; scampered to the bed, leapt up on
it, her back resting on the pillows so she could look down and watch her
slobbering pussy being devoured by a master cunt lapper.&nbsp; 

Gene crawled up between those luxurious thighs and took one of her huge tits in
his hands, rubbing a thumb over the big nipple, sucking it into his mouth and
flicking his tongue back and forth till it rose up stiff and quivering, at
least a half inch long.&nbsp; Gene sucked and pulled at the turgid peak, then
switched to the other, bringing squeals of delight from Rita... She soon needed
more however and pressed his head down, moaning, eat me lover, lick my pussy with that educated tongue of yours.&nbsp; Gene
was only too happy to oblige and licked his way down her ribcage, tickled in
her navel and down over her smooth waxed pubes. Down in the
valley of enchantment.&nbsp; He licked up and down in the crease between
her thigh and her pussy, teasing the fat outer lips of her sweet grotto of
love.&nbsp; Ever so gently he pried open the plump trembling lips, insinuating
his tongue into the drooling slot.&nbsp; He waggled his tongue back and forth,
working his way higher and higher to the swollen nub hiding at the top of the
slit.&nbsp; Softly he peeled back the hood protecting the core of her
sexuality.&nbsp; Rita moaned and pressed her oozing gash to his face.&nbsp;
Gene grazed the tip of her button bringing a sigh of ecstasy from her quivering
lips.&nbsp; Reaching out with his tongue he cradled the full length of her
overdeveloped clitoris into his lips and sucked. 

&quot;OOOOHHHHH!&nbsp; GOD!!!!&nbsp; YESSSSSSSS!!!&quot;.

Gene lapped and suckled her clit, bringing gasps and squeals of delight from
her lips.&nbsp; She was ridding a wave of supreme sexual excitement, on the
very brink of spending.&nbsp; Gene raised his head and licked at her mound
above the quivering bundle of nerves.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her belly shook and shuddered
as he deliberately denied her.&nbsp; As she began to descend from the brink he
went back to lapping her gash and sucking on the full length of her distended
clitoris.&nbsp; Rita wrapped her legs around his neck and pulled his face
tightly into her drooling cunt.&nbsp; Gene sucked harder and Rita screamed in
mind bending exhilaration as she came, and came as Gene continued sucking
her.&nbsp; She went from orgasm to orgasm shivering and thrashing on the bed,
Gene's head clamped firmly in her thighs.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Gene continued pleasuring Rita's core as she rolled and fucked her pussy into
his worshiping mouth and tongue.&nbsp; She quivered and shook as she rode the
crest of multiple orgasms.&nbsp; 

As last she lay back, releasing Gene's head from her clenched thighs, gasping
and panting as her huge breasts heaved up and down.

Gene kept lapping up her copious juices as she came down from a stupendous
high.

&quot;Merciful heavens Gene you could kill a girl with that tongue and
mouth!&quot;

&quot;It would be my privilege my sweet.&nbsp; You have the most luscious pussy
I have ever had the joy of making love to.&quot;

&quot;Well let's have a drink to refresh ourselves and then I'm going to suck
that big cock of yours, and make you cry uncle.&quot;

&quot;I'm at your service baby!&quot;

&quot;First I want to see you suck it though.&nbsp; That's really a turn on to
see a guy sucking his own cock.&quot;

&quot;That'll be a good warm up.&quot;

Rita removed a pitcher of energy drink, supplied by the institute, from her
fridge.&nbsp; It was cold and refreshing.&nbsp; It was also one of Dr. Fujino's
concoctions, laced with sexual stimulants and drugs to excite and restore the imbibers stamina.&nbsp; In no time at all Rita was squirming
in anticipation of watching Gene suck himself
off.&nbsp; As for Gene his now 11 inch cock was drooling and pulsing.&nbsp; He
sat on the sofa enthusiastically stroking it's
wonderful length.&nbsp; Another inch and he would have what he signed up for..

Rita watched Gene fisting his cock and was fairly drooling.

&quot;You know hon on second thought, I don't think I
can wait to watch you do yourself.&nbsp; I want to gobble that gorgeous monster
and drink your splooge right now.&quot;

&quot;Your wish is my command lady.&quot;

Gene lay back and spread his thighs, his big cock waving in the air at his
crotch.

















v\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
o\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
w\:* {behavior:url(#default#VML);}
.shape {behavior:url(#default#VML);}


 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  1
  1
  2007-05-13T00:47:00Z
  2007-05-13T00:48:00Z
  4
  1494
  8517
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  70
  19
  9992
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






PART 5


Rita settles herself between his quivering thighs.&nbsp; Stretching her head
forward, her tongue slithers from her mouth, lapping under his huge enhanced
testicles. They have grown as big as goose eggs, under the guidance and
medication of Dr. Fujino. Rita slurps one into her
slavering lips and laves it with her tongue as she sucks.&nbsp; Gene gasps and
moans in delight as Rita suckles the luscious orb.&nbsp; His cock is drooling
pre-cum like a leaky faucet and Rita spreads it over the length of his pulsing
hard on, slowly sliding her tight fist up and down the thrumming shaft.&nbsp;
She spits the quaking nut from her wet lips and engulfs it's
twin into her face, humming and sucking with gusto.&nbsp; Gene is pumping his
bursting tool into her tight fist which squeezes and taunts the hot
column.&nbsp; 

&quot;God girl you are driving me bananas.&nbsp; Take my cock&nbsp;
in your mouth and suck me !&quot;

Rita pops the swollen nut from her lips and tilts her head back, licking the
juice from her lips, her eyes riveted on the bulging shiny plum at the top of
the heavy veined shaft.&nbsp; It seems to be pulsing and swelling&nbsp; with each beat of his fluttering heart.&nbsp; Her
tongue glides from her mouth and laps around the ridge, scooping up the copious
flow pumping from the open slit.&nbsp; She takes the big knob in her lips and
licks it clean, savoring the succulent sauce as it flows from the cavity.
Sealing her lips below the flange she wiggles her tongue stud in the groove
underneath and applies suction to the delightful morsel. Humming and slurping
Rita slowly ingests the quaking column of flesh, impaling her face further and
further down the monster shaft, the head plunging deeper into her mouth, into
her throat, bulging her neck as the swollen head of Gene's engorged penis
slides down her esophagus until her nose finally nestles into his belly, the
huge balls bumping her chin.&nbsp; Rita starts raising her her
head, her tongue licking at the engorged shaft as the tumescent organ slithers
from her face.&nbsp; The plum sized head pops from her lips and she gasps for
air, then ravenously inhaled again into her sucking
maw.&nbsp; In and out it surged, Gene humping up and Rita eagerly driving the
huge member into her sucking face.&nbsp; Rita sucked and fucked her face onto
Gene's quivering member taking every millimeter of the now enormous cock into
her throat.&nbsp; 
\u003cbr\>Gene managed to hold his climax for nearly a half hour before the virtuoso fellatrice drew his voluminous spend from him.&nbsp; He gasped and wailed in ecstasy as the steamy, sticky goo of semen jetted from the bursting head of his member.&nbsp; The enhancing potions he had been injected with, along with the greatly enlarged size of his balls had multiplied the mass of his semen at least twenty times.&nbsp;&nbsp; It poured from the head of his penis like a fire hose.&nbsp; It filled and clogged Rita&#39;s mouth and throat.&nbsp; She guzzled and gulped the spend eagerly, swallowing as rapidly as she could.&nbsp; It overflowed her mouth, spurted up into her nasal cavity and squirted from her nostrils in slimy viscous streams, dribbling from her chin, and over her breasts to dribble from her stiff nipples.&nbsp; Gene seemed to cum in an unending stream.&nbsp; Finally he slumped back, wheezing and gasping, spent.&nbsp; His still rigid and pulsing penis oozed the last dregs of his stupendous orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rita was busy lapping and sucking up the tremendous amount of semen she had been unable to swallow as it squirted into her face.&nbsp; She licked and sucked the residue from his groin, taking the balls into her mouth and sucking them clean, then that which had spilled onto his belly, and scooping it from her tits and upper chest.&nbsp; Smacking her lips and sucking her slippery fingers in her mouth.&nbsp; \u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Lord a&#39;mighty girl you are one magnificent cocksucker!&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Thank you. With such an awesome tool it is indeed inspiring, and&nbsp; that was the most guzzleable load I have ever had the good fortune to guzzle.&nbsp;&nbsp; God what a load, and so sweet and sticky.&nbsp; Stupendous!&nbsp; I could slurp that kind of stuff all day, every day. Ummmmmm,,yummmm!&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Lets take a break, get cleaned up and have a snack&nbsp; Then if you still want to watch me, we can watch the closed circuit of other people here, and I&#39;ll suck myself off.&nbsp; We can share the load of jizz.&nbsp; You know whatever it is Dr. Fujino had in those shots and potions I can get it up and do it again about every hour, and I shoot more and more all the time.&nbsp; I very pleased and satisfied with the results of my treatment here.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ",1]
);

//-->


Gene managed to hold his climax for nearly a half hour before
the virtuoso fellatrice drew his voluminous spend
from him.&nbsp; He gasped and wailed in ecstasy as the steamy, sticky goo of
semen jetted from the bursting head of his member.&nbsp; The enhancing potions
he had been injected with, along with the greatly enlarged size of his balls
had multiplied the mass of his semen at least twenty times.&nbsp;&nbsp; It poured
from the head of his penis like a fire hose.&nbsp; It filled and clogged Rita's
mouth and throat.&nbsp; She guzzled and gulped the spend
eagerly, swallowing as rapidly as she could.&nbsp; It overflowed her mouth,
spurted up into her nasal cavity and squirted from her nostrils in slimy
viscous streams, dribbling from her chin, and over her breasts to dribble from
her stiff nipples.&nbsp; Gene seemed to cum in an unending stream.&nbsp;
Finally he slumped back, wheezing and gasping, spent.&nbsp; His still rigid and
pulsing penis oozed the last dregs of his stupendous orgasm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rita
was busy lapping and sucking up the tremendous amount of semen she had been
unable to swallow as it squirted into her face.&nbsp; She licked and sucked the
residue from his groin, taking the balls into her mouth and sucking them clean,
then that which had spilled onto his belly, and scooping it from her tits and
upper chest.&nbsp; Smacking her lips and sucking her slippery fingers in her
mouth.&nbsp; 

&quot;Lord a'mighty girl you
are one magnificent cocksucker!&quot;

&quot;Thank you. With such an awesome tool it is indeed inspiring, and&nbsp; that was the most guzzleable
load I have ever had the good fortune to guzzle.&nbsp;&nbsp; God
what a load, and so sweet and sticky.&nbsp; Stupendous!&nbsp; I could
slurp that kind of stuff all day, every day. Ummmmmm,,yummmm!&quot;

&quot;Lets take a break, get cleaned up and have a snack&nbsp;
Then if you still want to watch me, we can watch the closed circuit of
other people here, and I'll suck myself off.&nbsp; We can share the load of jizz.&nbsp; You know whatever it is Dr. Fujino
had in those shots and potions I can get it up and do it again about every
hour, and I shoot more and more all the time.&nbsp; I very
pleased and satisfied with the results of my treatment
here.&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
\u003cbr\>&quot;Oh that would be super!&nbsp; You know the treatments they are giving me have made it possible for me to eat my own cunt.&nbsp; That is an extremely difficult thing for a woman to manage.&nbsp; Dr. Fujino says I am extremely flexible, kind of double jointed, and with her exercises and formulas I have no problem.&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Wow now that I would really like to see, a female who can lick her own pussy and suck her clit.&nbsp; Maybe we could get together and do it at the same time, me sucking my cock and you lapping your cunt and watching one another.&nbsp; I bet a lot of people would pay a lot to se THAT!&quot; No need to pay to see it I guess though seeing as how our rooms are all wired with cams and anyone here at the clinic can watch what goes on in in them.. Most likely we had a huge audience watching as you deep throated me.&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;I&#39;m sure of that and it makes me hot as hell knowing that simply scads of people were watching me as I swallowed that monster cock of yours and guzzeled your stupendous load of cum.&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>They moved off to the shower and washed off the cum that they had not licked up. They played a lot of touchy feely as they did and then went into the small kitchen and stoked up on tasty snacks and drinks supplied by the clinic, which meant they were laced liberally with the concoctions formulated by Dr. Fujino designed to keep her patients quite sexually stimulated at all times.\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>They returned to Gene&#39;s bedroom and spent an hour or so watching the closed circuit TV of other patients indulging in some of the most erotically explicit diversions imaginable.&nbsp; It didn&#39;t take long for Rita to be fondling herself and Gene&#39;s formidable 12 1/2 in cock to reawaken.&nbsp; Rita was diddling her pussy and teasing her clit, which had grown like a little penis and was always quivering in anticipation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene was fondling his big nuts with one hand and slowly masturbating his pulsing tool.\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Well it looks like we are both ready to continue.&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>Gene slid up on the bed bending forward he hooked an arm under the crook of his knee, and with little effort, the head of his cock was mere inches from his gaping mouth.&nbsp; Rita stared fascinated as his tongue slithered from his mouth and licked around the crown of the already drooling helmet thrust into his face.&nbsp; Flapping his tongue back and forth over the head he wriggled the his stud into the p-hole, fucking it in and out.&nbsp; Pursing his lips he leaned down a bit more and sucked the entire knob into his mouth, his tongue swirling around the ridge and into the groove under the mauve head.&nbsp; Lapping at the pre-cum soaked shaft Gene drew more and more of the swollen veined shaft&nbsp; into his face.&nbsp; He engorged nearly six inches of the throbbing tool into his worshiping mouth, the head actually starting down his throat.&nbsp; Groaning adoringly he raised up letting the glistening column slip from his mouth until the head popped free as he licked and sucked.&nbsp; His head bobbed down again and the huge head disappeared once more into his slobbering mouth.&nbsp; Each time he sucked it in he moaned in delighted bliss.",1]
);

//-->


&quot;Oh that would be super!&nbsp; You know the treatments they are
giving me have made it possible for me to eat my own cunt.&nbsp; That is an
extremely difficult thing for a woman to manage.&nbsp; Dr. Fujino
says I am extremely flexible, kind of double jointed, and with her exercises
and formulas I have no problem.&quot;

&quot;Wow now that I would really like to see, a female who can lick her own
pussy and suck her clit.&nbsp; Maybe we could get together and do it at the
same time, me sucking my cock and you lapping your cunt and watching one
another.&nbsp; I bet a lot of people would pay a lot to se THAT!&quot; No need
to pay to see it I guess though seeing as how our rooms are all wired with cams
and anyone here at the clinic can watch what goes on in in
them.. Most likely we had a huge audience watching as
you deep throated me.&quot;

&quot;I'm sure of that and it makes me hot as hell knowing that simply scads of
people were watching me as I swallowed that monster cock of yours and guzzeled your stupendous load of cum.&quot;

They moved off to the shower and washed off the cum
that they had not licked up. They played a lot of touchy feely as they did and
then went into the small kitchen and stoked up on tasty snacks and drinks
supplied by the clinic, which meant they were laced liberally with the
concoctions formulated by Dr. Fujino designed to keep
her patients quite sexually stimulated at all times.

They returned to Gene's bedroom and spent an hour or so watching the closed
circuit TV of other patients indulging in some of the most erotically explicit
diversions imaginable.&nbsp; It didn't take long for Rita to be fondling
herself and Gene's formidable 12 1/2 in cock to reawaken.&nbsp; Rita was
diddling her pussy and teasing her clit, which had grown like a little penis
and was always quivering in anticipation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gene was fondling his big
nuts with one hand and slowly masturbating his pulsing tool.

&quot;Well it looks like we are both ready to continue.&quot;

Gene slid up on the bed bending forward he hooked an arm under the crook of his
knee, and with little effort, the head of his cock was mere inches from his
gaping mouth.&nbsp; Rita stared fascinated as his tongue slithered from his
mouth and licked around the crown of the already drooling helmet thrust into
his face.&nbsp; Flapping his tongue back and forth over the head he wriggled the his stud into the p-hole, fucking it in and out.&nbsp;
Pursing his lips he leaned down a bit more and sucked the entire knob into his
mouth, his tongue swirling around the ridge and into the groove under the mauve
head.&nbsp; Lapping at the pre-cum soaked shaft Gene drew more and more of the
swollen veined shaft&nbsp; into his face.&nbsp; He
engorged nearly six inches of the throbbing tool into his worshiping mouth, the
head actually starting down his throat.&nbsp; Groaning adoringly he raised up
letting the glistening column slip from his mouth until the head popped free as
he licked and sucked.&nbsp; His head bobbed down again and the huge head
disappeared once more into his slobbering mouth.&nbsp; Each time he sucked it
in he moaned in delighted bliss.
\u003cbr\>Rita was entranced as she watched the tremendous tool slide in and out of Gene&#39;s slavering mouth.&nbsp; He suckled his cock, lovingly and voraciously for nearly 20 minutes.&nbsp; His tempo slowly picking up speed.&nbsp; A keening wail and he motioned to Rita to come closer and place her face next to his, the head of his cock slid out and he gasped, NOW,, I&#39;m gonna CUM, help me suck up the jizz baby!&nbsp; He shivered and convulsed as a geyser of hot, white spunk spurted from the glistening, plum sized head of his cock into his open mouth.&nbsp; It was followed by an almost continuous, unending fountain of the hot luscious goo, splashing into his face, drooling down the shaft and over his balls.&nbsp; Rita pushed her head as close as she was able and sucked up as much of the sweet nectar as escaped Gene&#39;s suctioning lips..&nbsp; It drooled from his nostrils and lips covering his swollen nuts and running down between his legs where Rita&#39;s mouth scooped it up.\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>Gene finally relaxed and unbent, the last squirts of his delicious juices spurting into the air until Rita impaled her face on the river of cum flowing from the head, gurgling and gulping down the delectable spend.\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>Gene lay panting from the exertion, his chest rising and falling rapidly.&nbsp; Rita was busy sucking up every last trace of cum she could find.&nbsp; \u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;God that was unbelievable Gene.&nbsp; You can take so much of it in your mouth.&nbsp; No one would ever believe it. &quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;When I leave here and return home I just may not leave the bedroom very often.&nbsp; I can spend most of my time masturbating and sucking myself.&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Well after watching&nbsp; such a hot display I just have&nbsp; to get off myself.&nbsp; How about I show you my ability at curling up and&nbsp; you&nbsp; can watch me eat my own snatch?&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>&quot;Umm babe that would be &#39;outa site.&nbsp; I never dreamt it was possible for a gal to lap her own cunt!&quot;\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>Rita stretched herself out on the bed and&nbsp; drew her lovely thighs up till they were either side of her head.&nbsp; She poked her arms down between them and hooked her armpits into the crook behind her knees and drew her torso down between them.&nbsp; Her huge breasts were crushed into the space between her arms as she stretched her head downward toward her honey pot.&nbsp;&nbsp; She rocked back and forth slowly, each time drawing her head closer and closer to the drooling slit of her pussy.&nbsp; She waggled her tongue toward the mound covering her love bud.&nbsp; Another stretch and Gene could see she was just about there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her clitoris was vibrating and tingling in anticipation.&nbsp; ",1]
);

//-->


Rita was entranced as she watched the tremendous tool slide in and out of
Gene's slavering mouth.&nbsp; He suckled his cock, lovingly and voraciously for
nearly 20 minutes.&nbsp; His tempo slowly picking up speed.&nbsp;
A keening wail and he motioned to Rita to come closer and place her face next
to his, the head of his cock slid out and he gasped, NOW,, I'm gonna CUM, help me suck up the jizz
baby!&nbsp; He shivered and convulsed as a geyser of hot, white spunk spurted
from the glistening, plum sized head of his cock into his open mouth.&nbsp; It
was followed by an almost continuous, unending fountain of the hot luscious
goo, splashing into his face, drooling down the shaft and over his balls.&nbsp;
Rita pushed her head as close as she was able and sucked up as much of the
sweet nectar as escaped Gene's suctioning lips..&nbsp;
It drooled from his nostrils and lips covering his swollen nuts and running
down between his legs where Rita's mouth scooped it up.

Gene finally relaxed and unbent, the last squirts of his delicious juices
spurting into the air until Rita impaled her face on the river of cum flowing
from the head, gurgling and gulping down the delectable spend.

Gene lay panting from the exertion, his chest rising and falling rapidly.&nbsp;
Rita was busy sucking up every last trace of cum she could find.&nbsp; 

&quot;God that was unbelievable Gene.&nbsp; You can
take so much of it in your mouth.&nbsp; No one would ever believe it. &quot;

&quot;When I leave here and return home I just may not leave the bedroom very
often.&nbsp; I can spend most of my time masturbating and sucking myself.&quot;

&quot;Well after watching&nbsp; such a hot display I
just have&nbsp; to get off myself.&nbsp; How about I show you my ability at
curling up and&nbsp; you&nbsp; can watch me eat my own
snatch?&quot;

&quot;Umm babe that would be 'outa
site.&nbsp; I never dreamt it was possible for a gal to lap her own
cunt!&quot;

Rita stretched herself out on the bed and&nbsp; drew
her lovely thighs up till they were either side of her head.&nbsp; She poked
her arms down between them and hooked her armpits into the crook behind her
knees and drew her torso down between them.&nbsp; Her huge breasts were crushed
into the space between her arms as she stretched her head downward toward her
honey pot.&nbsp;&nbsp; She rocked back and forth slowly, each time drawing her
head closer and closer to the drooling slit of her pussy.&nbsp; She waggled her
tongue toward the mound covering her love bud.&nbsp; Another stretch and Gene
could see she was just about there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her clitoris was vibrating and
tingling in anticipation.&nbsp; 
\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>\u003cbr\>Shall we \u003cspan style\u003d\"word-break:break-all\"\>continue?...................\u003c/span\>\u003c/font\>\u003c/div\>\n\u003c/div\>\n\n",0]
);
D(["ce"]);

//-->





Shall we continue?...................







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tiffany


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





