BDSM Library - Master\'s Home




Master\'s Home
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: a submissive prepares for her Master\'s homecoming.







Master�s Home


 
  Admin
   jim
  2
  11
  2007-02-09T23:49:00Z
  2007-02-09T23:49:00Z
  1
  1585
  9036
  75
  21
  10600
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Master�s
Home

&nbsp;

She
searches for the oven mitts hoping the cookies wont burn before she finds them,
meets her best friend for coffee, has a less than encouraging conversation with
her mother on the phone, and watches a half hour of mindless chatter on television
between her daily chores...It is a day like many others but she doesn't
complain; she does all these things with a sense of pride and purpose that few
would understand. She finds joy and contentment in keeping her home and
preparing her mind and body in the service of her Master and His homecoming
which draws closer as each hour passes.

Four o'clock

She opens the shower door and turns the water on and undresses; the steam rises
and she steps inside. This is a ritual that is never rushed but thoroughly
enjoyed. Lathering the cloth she cleans and polishes her skin with meticulous
care and when finished, she notices her image in the full length mirror...she
lingers there and wonders what must go through her Master's mind as He inspects
her fair skin, the curves and contours of her body; she unpins her hair and
lets the dark curls fall over her shoulders; wraps the towel under her arms and
around her body, and slowly massages the lotion into her damp skin. Her hands
stroke up and down her arms and shoulders, over her large round breasts,
pinching her light caramel colored nipples, down her tummy and over her neatly
trimmed mound, down the inside of her thighs and calves, reaching behind she
rubs the lotion into her shoulders and back, down her ass and the back of her
legs...all the while remembering the feel of His hands. Her mind leads her to a
place where her body can't help but follow. Her hands sweep over her body once
more and instinctively her pussy starts to ache for His touch, her mouth waters
for the taste of Him and these thoughts make her dizzy with pleasure. Timidly
she smiles and her eyes open as if she just woke from a beautiful but
mysterious dream and the sound of his steps get closer.

Five o'clock

After applying her make-up and slipping into her black lace bra and stockings,
she walks into the bedroom and finds the dress her Master had chosen for her to
wear today. She slips into the simple black sleeveless dress, the hem falling
just two inches above her knees, a modest front but a low plunging back, and
black heels. She loved to dress for Him and His approval. She takes special
care in combing her hair and styling it the way He likes, half of it swept up
and gathered in a comb, with curls falling in ringlets over her cheeks and
shoulders and fasten the silver chain and charm around her neck as she takes
one last look in the mirror and walks downstairs.

Five-thirty

Just as she arrives in the front room, she hears the door open, Her Master is
home. Her emotions leap with excitement yet remains quiet and patiently
propositions his attention with her eyes. He drops his keys on the table and
approaches and walks slowly around her. She wonders where they will be going
tonight but to her surprise, without a word, He grabbed her hand, pulled her to
the middle of the room and placing his strong hand on the back of her neck, he
firmly pushes her down to the floor. She knows better than to say a word but
she feels every step he makes and remains still with her ass in the air, her
legs parted slightly and her arms outstretched in front of her. She also knows
that her black lace nylons and garter straps her exposed to him in this
position, as was her pussy for his pleasure. She is relieved that she
remembered not to wear panties this time as she felt something cool tickle the
underside of her thighs and then trace up to her pussy, it was his riding crop.
She moans quietly for which she received a wicked swat on the ass. He began to
trace her thighs up and down, and lift the hem of her dress up over her ass
with His favorite toy, every once in a while pressing it against her pussy and
drawing up through her ass cheeks. Silently she moans and breathes deeply and
still he doesn't utter a word.

He stands in front of her, unzips and frees His beautiful cock, stroking it
slowly. &quot;You can taste Your Master's cock now,&quot; He says. Her face
lights up and she smiles. On her knees she takes His shaft into both hand, one
on top the other underneath, rubbing it gently across her face, brushing her
lips over the tip before sucking it down and sliding it out again, purring and
moaning as the taste and texture fills her mouth. Holding His pulsing cock in
the palm of her hand, she kisses it, and smears His pre-cum across her cheek
and over her lips, her chin and throat, then flattens her tongue and strokes
His cock up and down on all sides, flicking her tongue all around the ridge of
His head. She enjoys this so much and He knows it.

He wraps her hair in His hands and moves it away from her face so that He can
watch her consume His cock whole. She starts to suck so wet and sloppy, sliding
Him inch by inch, deeper in and out of her mouth as her lips grip Him firmly,
her tongue wiggling and waving underneath, pushing against the top of her
mouth, her teeth graze against Him. He growls deeply under His breath. With her
thumb and forefinger she forms a ring around the base of His cock just below
her lips pumping His cock, her other fingers reach back and start to fondle and
tease His balls as they tighten in the palm of her hand. He tightens His grip
of her hair and pulls her head back, starting to fuck her mouth vigorously. He
started to thrust Himself deep, fast and hard until His cock erupts and His cum
gushes out into her mouth, she swallows over and over again but more drips down
her chin and throat. &quot;That's my little cumslut, you look so beautiful with
My cock buried down your throat and My cum dripping from your little
mouth,&quot; He says as he removes His cock.

Catching her breath, she watches as He reaches again for His crop and walks
slowly behind her. She feels his hand move up over her ass, His fingers spread
wide, over her spine and neck, he pulls her to her feet where she stood,
quietly, legs apart and her hands behind her back and her breasts thrust
outward as He had trained her to do. She looked up with her eyes only to see
him draw the leather between his thumb and finger slowly wiping her juices from
it with a wicked grin on his face. &quot;Undress for me, He said, &quot;I've
changed my mind about going out.&quot;

She reaches back to her waist and pulls down the zipper of her dress. Slowly
she eases the dress off her shoulders and lets it fall to the floor, her heart
pounding. He stood behind her, close enough to whisper in a firm voice,
&quot;good girl.&quot; His warm breath on her neck eased her nervousness a
little until suddenly his fingers reached up her neck and grabbed her hair as
He yanks it sharply back and she gasps in surprise. He pulls out of His pocket
a pair of clover nipple clamps by the chain. He grabs her tit roughly and fixed
the clamp, not too tightly, one and then the other. She whimpers out loud from
the pain and the shock of it and anxiety, never knowing what he would do next.
He then tugs the chain and she can't help but follow Him up the stairs to their
bedroom and to the edge of the bed where she stands with her back to Him. She
waits, a bundle of nerves, as her Masters opens the drawer of the nightstand a
takes from it a silk scarf, He walks behind her and places it in her mouth,
ties it snuggly around her head. &quot;Maybe that will remind you not to be
quiet my dear,&quot; He said. She nods quietly and adjusted to the gag as He
positions himself behind her, pushing her down over the edge of the bed. 

She imagines His cock was now swollen and pulsing, eager to get to her and in
response her pussy ached and her breathing becomes more ragged and then she
felt it...the gentle tap of the crop on her back and then her ass prodding her
onto the bed. She braces herself for the sharp crack of the crop as it landed
on her ass five times making it burn, she struggles to remain quiet and still
as she receives his painful gift. 

His strong hand was suddenly gripping her ass, a finger sliding around her
pussy, another gently penetrating at the opening. She moans softly at the
abrupt change from the feelings of agony to ecstasy in seconds as he teases and
plays with her clit and the intensity builds almost to the point of orgasm. He
pushes his finger inside her just a little then runs the finger down to her
ass, again pushing but not penetrating. He asks quietly if she was feeling
better. She whimpers and nods in reply. He asks in a gently almost hushed
voice, &quot;You like it this way, don't you my little slut?&quot; His hand
then aggressively cups her mound and his fingers strum over her clit, and her
arousal grows. Just then, he removes his hands and she moans in protest.
&quot;Quiet! You will get what I give you,&quot; He said in the tone of a stern
warning. She nods again. His hands run up between her legs and inside her
creamy thighs, parting them wider and suddenly, his cock fills her pussy,
thrusting her forward and back and her clamped nipples were rubbing against the
bed. His finger spreads and rubs the wetness around her tight ass hole. She
began to scream through the gag as the waves of pain and pleasure rush through
her with each thrust. She is approaching climax quickly and although she
couldn't ask permission he senses it, pulls her head back by her hair and
warns, &quot;Don't you dare cum before I tell you to.&quot;

Her Master pulls out of her pussy and then plunges his hard throbbing cock into
her ass with a loud growl. She cannot contain her screams as he assaults her
ass and at that moment, he wraps His arms around her waist and rips the clamps
from her nipples; the pain raged through and paralyzes her. He reaches down and
rubs her clit, thrusting his hand into her pussy. Solely focused on surviving
the searing pain and intense pleasure rushing through her body, she erupts out
of control as He commands, &quot;Cum for me, now!&quot; She does, and so does
He.

Her body shakes and shivers, she collapses into His arms in tears, gently
holding her breasts He lowers them both to the bed, gently and tenderly easing
Himself out of her ass. He places His hands over hers, massaging softly but
letting her hand guide where it would only soothe and settle her. Cradling her,
He whispers into her ear, &quot;What a good girl you are baby, I'm very proud
of you.&quot; These words excited her but in a gentle and comforting way. He
untied the gag and removes it, holds her face in His hand and kisses her
deeply. 

&quot;Are you okay my pet?&quot; her Master asks. She slowly nods, smiles
softly and whispers, &quot;Yes, Sir, thank You, Sir.&quot;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  passion flower


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





