BDSM Library - Moriturae te salutant




Moriturae te salutant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Life of christian females in arena under Neros\' reign. Original text written in french, translated by a friend








A burst of general laughter greets the entry of a young lion, a stray
latecomer who was still sleeping a few minutes before

 
  VT
   jim
  2
  30
  2007-02-11T23:13:00Z
  2007-02-11T23:13:00Z
  1
  16836
  95970
  myself
  799
  225
  112581
  10.2625
 

 
  21
  
  
  Table Theme
  2.85 pt
  2
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}
table.MsoTableTheme
	{mso-style-name:"Table Theme";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	border:solid #999933 1.0pt;
	mso-border-alt:solid #999933 .5pt;
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-border-insideh:.5pt solid #999933;
	mso-border-insidev:.5pt solid #999933;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Goudy Old Style";
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Goudy Old Style";}


 

 
  
 




 
  
 



Moriturae
te salutant

Chapter
I First day. Year 64 A.D. - Rome in flames

Nero

Rome is in
flames. Since the beginning of the evening. The mob was impotent, the
processions of water carriers became exhausted trying in vain to isolate the
suburba wooden huts. Then the brick houses blazed up, the stables released
cohorts of panicked horses. 

The old
eucalypti lining the main avenues draw up an incandescent triumph to the
stupefied crowd which tramples the ashes of the shops. The thermal baths and
the amphitheatres of strong columns shelter a mob who wails and curses.
Patricians mix with prostitutes. Actors still equipped with their scene masks
drink in the same gourd as legionnaries. And the clamour spreads more and
more... the Christians... the Christians... THE�
CHRISTIANS... 

Surrounded
by his small court of slaves and parents, Nero leans over the balustrade of the
hanging garden, on the roof of his palace. He watches as in full day a Rome
whose every detail of shade and fire invades his dilated pupils. Incandescent
brushwood mixed with strange, wild fireflies, which he drives away with the
reverse of his hand, are slowly falling down from a ceiling of stars. 

All day he
has feared the rain, which would have wasted the living scenery that the God is
composing for his subdits. He has feared also the ineptitude of his sicaries,
commissioned to spread the fire in the city and the poison in the spirits. He
smiles and turns over while fixing a large floor of immense pearly roses from
Sicily. Afsilla is laughing with Regulus, the chief of his Praetorian guard. He
surprises a complicity a little too marked, a particular modulation of this
laughter. Afsilla knows he has seen her, she laughs louder now, as if she had
heard one of these stories of which only the slaves have the right to laugh. Clearing
a passage amid the guards, who have removed their helmets in the heat of this
unique night, she approaches him, without lowering her eyes. He turns over.

The flames
which approach now the Coliseum have lost their strength. They blunt on the
stones of the palaces and the noblest houses. The beautiful districts are
gaining the battle. The heady scents of the African flowers, mixed with the
young growths of dill, again fill up the delicate sense of smell of the king of
the world. A hand slips gently under his toga, raising the folds of his belly.
Afsilla's heavy braids, carefully twisted with golden torques, have invaded his
thighs. He does not need to lower his eyes to see the swollen lips of the young
Ethiopian seizing his member. He is not hearing any more the roll of the
tesserae, the dice launched by the veterans of the wars in Hispania. He has
closed his eyes and knows that all the glances are fixed on his abolla, his war
coat which hides the sublimely impudic act. Afsilla is very excited too, he has
understood that her fingers have only left his member to meet her clitoris. His
penis is very small, but Afsilla, as an expert fellatrix, always manages to
stretch his male member to the utmost, without hurting him, first by moving her
tongue over the length of his prick, then, impaled to the throat, by probing
the base of his balls with a darting point, before going up slowly while
aspiring with all her force the first drops, colourless but already bitter.
N�ron cannot groan in public, but he feels grabbed, emptied by each prolonged
suction. When he is about to surrender, Afsilla slackens her pressure, because
she is not yet ready to come. He feels that the rhythm of her index increases,
because he benefits of the delicious echo of her tongue, which circles wilder
and wilder around his glans, in increasingly tightened concentric circles,
which move from his foreskin to assault now his open meatus. When Afsilla
tightens her thighs, she feels a first, long squirt of thick sperm striking the
bottom of her throat. She leans forward and enjoys the contractions of the
emptying rod. Her freed hand moves on the majestic testicles, which she handles
as small fragile nuts, attending his last shudders. Nero has to push on the
head of his mistress, as if fearing that the power of Afsilla's aspiration
would take away a vital part from his being.

&nbsp;

Afsilla

Afsilla
emerges from the darkness. While rising, she catches, above his heavy chin and
his aquiline nose, the long glance that Nero casts on Regulus. Regulus, his
face a beautifully tragic mask, which now watches her in despair. In the
crossfire of these glances exchanged without a word, Afsilla can read her fate.
She puts her hand on Nero's arm, with false joy, trying to win some time. 

�Caesar,
it was good to drink to your health! �

Nero gets
clear firmly, without violence. He tightens the belt of his coat and approaches
Regulus. He murmurs some words to his ear. Regulus, his face pale, knows that
his loyalty can be proven only by punishing her treason. He closes his eyes a
few moments. Then he gives short orders in their language to two Scythian
mercenaries. Nero has moved slightly back for better appreciating the spectacle
than he has ordered. He bumps against a dresser mostly filled up and plunges
his hand in a dish of pig tongues glassed with violet petals. He gives an order
to a slave, who sprints away.

�The two mercenaries have seized Afsilla, who
remained stupidly in the center of a circle from of which everyone carefully
moved away. She can't believe she will suffer this fate, the fate she has
already seen time and again. Her young body full with life, still quivering
from her orgasm, can't quite simply admit what her panicking mind tries to say.
When her ebony shoulders, made to carry chains, are bound, she does not resist.
Anaesthetized, she allows herself to be led under the low and thick branch of a
gigantic larch whose compact needles bring a little freshness to the night. She
shivers when the frozen links are encrusted under her armpits, roll up around
her elbows, and draw on her wrists. She is slowly raised from the ground and
hears the steel scraping the bark of the conifer. She seeks a friendly glance.
Hatred, jealousy and rape shall be her last visions. One of the Scythians has
brought two large whips made of rhinoceros leather. She feels almost relieved.
Thus, Nero wants just to punish her for being untrue? She would have cried with
joy. She has not seen two legionnaries approaching from her back, who have
planted in the ground, right under her legs, their heavy pilum. The broad round
ends in oak, one almost touching the other, shine under the moon. She becomes
aware of their presence at the same time that she is gently lowered down. She
lets out a long howl of terror, her large breasts with purple aureoles jumping.
�Noooooo, not this, kill me quiiiiick�

The
Scythians have carelessly spread her thighs, which they hold firmly, while they
push the stakes into the living flesh. Her dilated pores exhale a heavy perfume
of absolute terror. The first pilum slips quickly into her lubricated matrix
and immediately bumps painfully against the mouth of her uterus. It's almost
with relief that she feels her anus, pierced a moment later, sharing the
unbearable pressure. She avoids voicing her revolt and her fear, she saves her
breath, careful of any movement which would likely propagate the wave of pain
to her voluptuous body. Inch by inch, the chain is lowered by one of the
legionaries. 

Nero takes
the lyre which his slave offers him with trembling hands. He cherishes the
cords on the same slow rhythm as the legionary, until he ends up dictating
himself the tempo of the descent. Afsilla perspires abundantly. Her thighs and
her ankles have started a hopeless combat to clutch the wood, well polished by
the use. At first, she believed that her toes, her toenails, could hang on some
bumps. But she has very quickly slipped down, and she feels now that her organs
are at the breaking point. She starts groaning. The crowd watches with
fascination the broad rivulets of sweat which shine on her almost black skin
and drip on the ground. 

�AAAAAHHH�.
Afsilla lets out a savage cry. The point of the stake has pierced a membrane.
She cries her unbearable pain. Blood mixes soon with the sweat of her spasming
body. Her thighs manage to arch up over a node, in a desperate effort to slow
down the progression of her body on the two phalli. A whip cracks on her
buttocks, in the motionless night. �Nerooooo�. The second blow finds the base
of her strong breasts.

�NEROOOO!
! ! � She stiffens in a wild contraction, her legs slacken a short moment
before hardening themselves again and she lets out a tearing cry which covers
the dissonant notes of the lyre. She has just released a long jet of urine
which runs along the lance and mixes with her blood. The spectators have
unconsciously approached, because they know that Afsilla will be unable to
fight much longer. Two whip lashes crack together now, one of the Scythians
aims for the base of her breasts, the other for their top, they compress them
and shingle them at the same time, and tear them while bringing� the thin straps back. The stakes are brutally
inserted a full foot. Afsilla wails, a wail of little girl which paralyses even
the most jealous of the other slaves. Now, her legs are trembling and are not
opposing any more the slow descent of her body, seized with incredibly erotic
shudders. Blood and shit ooze from her holes. The pain suffocates her beyond
any understanding. This pain which the pressure of the stakes pushes always
further, always higher up her body. Her right tit has been just slashed open,
and the women are hiding their faces, while some legionaries dare applauding
since the living God seems happy. Another well-aimed blow in the same furrow
cuts out an open wound. Afsilla watches her almost severed breast which hangs
above her navel. She is no longer aware of the ruin of her body, no longer
fearing dying. Her spirit is sinking in the dark. The chain goes down a bit
quicker, Nero adds to the notes of his lyre some verses inspired by the beauty
of the tortured victim. The crowd lets out a �oh� of amused surprise when the
point of a stake emerges from Afsilla's groin. � AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH�. Noisy
comments bet on the appearance of the other. 

�YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEHH�
The oblong and erect nipple of her left tit has just been cut off. Afsilla is
not yet dead, her entrails are simply drawn aside by the rounded end which have
not touched the heart. She no longer has the strength to groan, she is not
feeling any more the last whip blows, struck with no real conviction, which
tear off her breasts to scraps, parts of which now lie under her legs. She has
just enough clearness to feel the pilum perforating at the same time her
entrails and diaphragm, and finding her tracheal artery a few moments later. She
is strangled, garrotted when the stake shocks her teeth. She finds the force to
relax her jaws to let the lance slip, and she falls to her knees amid her own
debris, her eyes still open with inexpressible horror, finally crowned with a
last, harmonious grimace.

Chapter II Second day - From the
Catacombs to the arena 

Under the aqueduct of Via Sicilia 

Agatha brushes off with her hand a
rebellious lock, which has escaped from her sumptuous deep-brown hair to her
forehead. On the bricked portic which separates the Via Appia from the garden
of senator Albus' rich villa, she can read the usual warning �Cave canem�,
which frames a dog drawn in the mosaics. She has been successful, she has led
to a safe haven, the small group of Christians whose security priest Navatonius
entrusted to her. He gave them his blessing in the last cave of the oozing
catacombs, by extending the palm of his protective hand over the poor fearful
herd. Then he set out again to help those of his flock who could not escape the
avenging fury of the Romans. She is proud to have been able to decipher the
labyrinth of the catacombs, proud of the confidence placed on her �til the
early morning by the Christians. Still shocked &nbsp;by the cruelty of the
rabble, their own neighbours or friends, who are tracking them since the
beginning of the night.

�

She then managed to guide them in
the network of the pestilent sewers, the cloaca maxima, counting and recounting
the stragglers once and again. At the tail of the column, she manages to
identify, in spite of the darkness, the majority of her friends, members like
her of a small theatre company. Casilda and Elagia, linked by a tender passion
known only to her, close the march while encouraging the weakest ones by
carrying their poor belongings. Sulpicia, the robust farm girl, helps a young
mother by carrying her baby. Sophonia and Cecilia, gymnast sisters, are
screening the flanks of the procession which swerves in the undergrounds. Drops
running out of leaking vaults stream down at each turning, which marks an
intersection of two streets over their heads. With her infant in her arms,
Livia has joined her and says simply �Thank you, Agatha�, when the light
appears through a ventilation hole. The sun rises idly over the white villa of
Albus, the only Christian senator of Rome, when the runaways come out of the
darkness. Agatha is deeply relieved to have fulfilled her mission. Proud, happy
and in love. Because she hopes to meet Regulus, who she has finally converted;
Regulus, the centurion with fine hands and soft voice, who takes her so
strongly in his arms. She would give her life away to leave with him this
morning, since he promised to abandon Nero and his black mistress.

&nbsp;

In Albus park

The multicoloured flowers of the
park deploy their corollas under the caress of the first sun rays, and exhale
perfumes unknown to the townsmen, but not to Agatha. While she moves quietly in
the morning fog, checking the place, Regulus, upright at the edge of the square
marble swimming pool, watches her from afar, his heart heavy. Agatha has seen
him in turn; her heart beats fast, she starts running while supporting her big
bosom, awkwardly at first, before taking off her sandals to run more quickly.
She abruptly finishes her dash, stopped within a few meters of Regulus by his glance,
cold &nbsp;and relentless. She lets out a cry of horror when he moves aside.
Senator Albus is lying behind him, his neck tied around the base of a funerary
column. Soldiers come out from behind every tree, seizing the hundred scattered
Christians. At an order from Regulus, who is thus giving the emperor a second
proof of loyalty, the males, the elder and the babies are given to the sword,
among the moans and howls of their wives and mothers. The surviving Christian
females are then aligned in front of him. He slowly passes their rows in
review. He diverts his eyes from the blazing glance which Agatha casts him. An
idea comes to him, and he murmurs an order to a legionary. He takes by the arm
ten of the most beautiful Christians, including Agatha and her friends, and
moves them to the front row. The legionary returns, carrying stylet and wax
tablets found in the library of Albus. He hands over to each Christian woman
one of the plates, on which Regulus orders them to engrave their names.

The legionaries thread a cord
through the edge of the plates, and tie them around their necks. A sinister
procession of about sixty dust-covered women and girls is marched off, the
soldiers pushing them with their lances in front of them. Bowed heads hardly
conceal the stains left by sobs on their ashen skins.

An afternoon at the forum

There is a crowd squeezing under the
arcades. Craftsmen emerging from the streets or the smaller alleys, sailors
whose ships just arrived, matrons of the red district with the voice seized by
wine, blacksmiths, freed slaves who enjoy their new freedom, charlatans, the
low people attracted by the rumour of the capture of the Christian families,
all are moving in haste towards the forum. The official herald, speaker of the
circus games, repeats every two minutes his sinister speech, perched under the
gilded gantry which separates the oldest city forum, that which saw the birth
of the Republic, from the Field of Mars. �Approach, Romans, approach. Nero
invites you to attend the torments of the Christians who put fire at your
residences. Tomorrow, in the Coliseum. In the honor of the ides of July.
Approach, approach� �. Everyone in the crowd is happy to be thus exempted from
the traditional offerings to the Lares gods. Merry clamours go up everywhere.

Clodia, wife of senator Marcus
Gaius, orders her hand-chair to stop. She listens to the rumour with her friend
Fulvia&nbsp; during a few moments. �Ah, Fulvia, Nero is smart enough,
definitely, there is what people wants, not senator speeches�. �You are quite
right. Hold, hear what Juvenal was saying yesterday, in the library of the
Caracalla baths: since votes are no longer sold, people is making fun of
everything: those which formerly gave full powers, the fasces, the legions, all
they want now is bread and games, panem et circenses�. The cries of joy cover
the speech. Clodia looks upwards and hails a baker apprentice who is pushing a
hoop in front of him: �What has just been said? �. The young boy puts his hands
to amplify his voice: �He said that those which can write will be able to vote
and choose the torment of the Christian women�. Terrified, Clodia sinks deep in
her seat and signals the carriers to go on. &nbsp;

She knows that she will be unable to
squirm away once again, without being accused of supportingt this Jesus Christ,
who keeps disturbing the public order sixty years after his death. Her family
lost part of her fortune at the time of the second slave revolt, and she knows
that the interests of her social class are incompatible with the doctrines of
the Christians. She accepts the idea she will have to attend these bestial
rejoicings, and then drives away these annoying thoughts from her mind. 

&nbsp;

Chapter III Third day. In the arena
of the Coliseum

&nbsp;

The arrival 

&nbsp;

Agatha has taken the head of the
small column of captives which has just passed under the triumphal arch of
Constantin. The last traces of the fire which has just devastated Rome are
extinguished now. Madly worried, the women and young girls did not sleep for a
moment last night. The howls of the crowd which form their terrifying guard of
honour terrorises them. They know well that if they were not being screened by
two lines of legionaries, who permanently push back the waves of this human
flood, they would be grabbed and crushed by these hideous jaws. At her sides,
Regulus has placed all her friends, who can be identified by their names. They
seem to support Agatha like a bodyguard, and she feels stronger now. The
procession soon emerges in front of the Coliseum, and just like each Roman
always does, they mark a pause in front of the impressive external enclosure
composed of four levels, which can house close to seventy thousand spectators.
All the eyes follow the eighty arcades of the ground floor, before going up up
to the last level where full walls, supported by pilasters, are divided into
compartments hosting bronze shields, and one of every two decorated with square
windows. Over them thunder the velae, veils in flax supported by masts,
extended to protect from the rain and heat the noble spectators of the last
row.

&nbsp;

The Christian females and the crowd
take different ways. The young women are introduced into the arena by a service
door service has just been opened in front of them, while the crowd invades the
steps after having crossed the four main gates. Exclamations of surprise rise
everywhere: since the previous day, the sappers of four centuries of the third
legion, which have distinguished itself in Germania, have built with their axes
four turris, the siege towers so high like walls, whose broad platforms
dispersed at the four corners of the arena seem to touch the middle steps. 

Nero wants that the crowd can fully
benefit from the torment of the young Christian women from every place. Of
course he has been assured that the most spectacular tortures will be applied
in the tower located just opposite the imperial lodge. Excepting Agatha and her
sisters, who joined them a little later, the Christian women have immediately
descended a large staircase made of blackened stones, cold and dark like a
sepulchre. At the end of a labyrinth of badly lit rooms, their cells await
them. They look with fright at the small underground city which nourishes the
games. The sand of the arena rests on a gigantic wooden floor, circa ninety meters
long and sixty meters broad. In the underground, baths, kitchens, the reserves,
the areas assigned to the material, elevators, machineries, lifts and cages
with the wild beasts. Narrow corridors run from the beasts enclosure to several
trap doors. Some bellows have crossed the walls, and the Christian females have
gathered together, trembling. They advance along the main corridor with quicker
steps, sobbing, as if their cells were going to afford them a durable
protection.

&nbsp;

During this time, bakers, blacksmiths,
craftsmen, tradesmen, knights of minor nobility, retired soldiers coming from
their villulae in Campania, servants rewarded with one day off by their Master,
maidens with reddening faces, continue to press forward in the rows. In
contrast with this haste, the patricians, sure to find a place in their lodge,
leisurely cross the bridge which separates them from the voting room. They
discuss with animation the torments which are scheduled for this noon, and for
which each of them has engraved on a small papyrus the name of one of the
Christian females which have been paraded before them, to their good pleasure.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The opening of the games

&nbsp;

While the last spectators take seat
accompanied by the protests of those which already sat, the herald charged with
making the panegyric of the games declares them open in Mercury honor. To
entertain the crowd before Nero's triumph, lightly armed velites occupy the
center of the arena and engage in mock fights. They are replaced a few moments
later by acrobats who endlessly juggle with balls. When some whistles are
already rising, a clamour announces the arrival of Nero, and silence is made.
Greeted by the grave sound of the cymbals, covered by his white imperial coat,
Nero appears through the Triumphal Gate. A clamour of astonished approval rises
from the step rows. Because instead of the usual Arab stallions draped with
clinking and scintillating mantlets, four young Christian women are drawing the
quadrigae, the four-wheeled imperial chariot. In a state of perfect nudity,
each one pushes her yoke, panting. A kind of barbarian halter girds their young
and firm breasts, swollen by the appalling compression. They stop, groan, set
out again under the crowd applause, which rewards their foolish efforts. Nero
forced them to made the whole turn of the circular arena, very close to the
first steps, so that the plebs can appreciate the twisting of the buttocks
stimulated by the flagrum, the whip reserved to fugitive slaves. When one of
the Christian girls bends a knee, her own sisters exhort her to rise up and the
increase their efforts, trying to relieve her pain. The feet trail over the
sand while Nero's whip whistles. The mockeries of the crowd gain in intensity
while the overworked thighs seem about to break. The finishing line looks so
far from the Triumphal Gate� Dark scratches mark now the backs of the martyrs.
Nero slows down the rate of blows from the riding crop, because he does not
want to risk having to step down from his chariot in front of the crowd.

The deep furrows left in the coarse
sand by the chariot wheels are lined by the traces of the rivulets of sweat
which leak ceaselessly from the shining skins. Laughter rises when they mix
with the menstrual blood of the youngest Christian girl, whose legs are trembling.
Now, the mark of each station of their interminable supplice remains in the
burning sand. 

&nbsp;

Calpurnia is chewing juniper bars,
because she fears that her mouth could keep the odor of her last customer's
sperm. The courtisan leans on the neck of Drusilla, her young cousin, and
mutters �That's disgusting. I hope we will see good tortures. I think there is
an ass with a member like your thigh� �. Drusilla reddens, they are her first
games, and she is very disturbed to see these poor women naked in front of the
rabble. She has mixed feelings, she is not sure how she feels at the moment,
but her heart is beating very quickly.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Enters the Legion

&nbsp;

Preceded by the labarum, the
imperial standard, each of the three maniples which represents the III Legion
is separated from the following by ten Christian females charged with chains.
Many have lost their stola, torn from them during the endless rapes which they
suffered last night in the camp reserved to the winners of the Sicambres in
Germania. At first the legionaries walked in a cadenced step, then, as they
approach the senators lodge, they accelerate their pace and in the end they are
trotting in a gymnastic step. Little used to this particular pace, the chained
ankles of the Christian women got mixed up. The centurions prick with their
sword their buttocks, while the troop continues to hop on the spot tor to keep
the rhythm. When the frightened and ashamed Christian women have been gathered
in a herd more or less ordered, the legionaries retake their walk, their chests
swollen with pride. They imperceptibly narrow their tread to avoid a new
disaster. At the end of the parade, the Christian women are descended to their
cells, while Nero regains his lodge. Some carefully chosen legionaries and
centurions remain. Helped by a small troop of slaves who will sweep and clean
the sand throughout all the games, they busily prepare the torments.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

In the dungeon 

&nbsp;

The Christian women recover with
difficulty from their circuit. Only the horrible fear which ties their entrails
manages to slow down the sudden starts which shake their chests. Many are
praying now, while gasping at the slightest noise. The most curious go to the
bottom of the immense room. They realize that the cell is lower than the arena
by a half level. In front of them, at chest height and all along the width of
the room, there are bars, but they can touch the sand with the hand. Agatha and
Elagia mechanically take a fistful of hot sand in their hand, and they let it
filter down while exchanging a long powerless glance. 

When the heavy bronze grid opens
with a sinister groaning, they turn over and run towards the entry. Regulus has
reserved for himself the pleasure of telling them the result of the vote. He
recites with an impassible voice the torments which will be applied to them. By
his extreme zeal, he wants to express to Nero his thanks for having spared his
life. He wants to see the traces of his treason quickly gone. He has not seen
Agatha moving on his back and sneaking between the two legionaries who are
escorting him. When he turns back, the spittle surprises and blinds him. The
two legionaries raise their swords, but he stops them. �Wait� I have something
better for her� and I will do it myself�. A mean smile darkens the beauty of
his somewhat female traits. He casts a long glance on these naked women to
enjoy their fear and hopelessness &nbsp;before adding �Pray to your God, yes��
you will give him plenty of work�. He gives a last order, �And they must be
washed immediately, they stink as much as the tigers! ! �.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Delivered to the animals 

&nbsp;

While the Christian women are forced
to proceed to their ablutions, their throats tightened by the knowledge of the
torments, the first animals are brought in the arena. Three large brown asses
from Thessalia are paraded, drawn by a slave. They are preceding a pack of
mastiffs from Abyssinia, impatient and famished, whose raucous barkings are
choked by their muzzles. Next, a slave carries a cage partially covered with a
red cloth. 

With cords of hemp which they
slacken gently, the legionaries lower down light footbridges from the turris.
Each ass goes slowly up into one of the towers. The slave moves towards the
turris which faces the imperial lodge. Five Christian women, including Livia,
are brought into the arena. Agatha grabs the bars. She feels in her own flesh
the vulnerability of her friend, she bites her fist when hearing the sentences
read aloud by him who she will not name any more, at the point of being not
interested in her own fate. The legionaries seize four Christian women to
escort them to the top of the towers. Three of them find an ass waiting for
them, the forefeet resting on a broad console. To the blow of whips, they are
forced on their knees under the woolly bellies and are obliged at the same time
to do a fellatio to the gigantic members, stinking and hairy. Agatha pulls
back, deeply shocked. When the asses began rutting, the Christian women are
forced to take their place on the consoles and to raise their buttocks to
present their vulva to the excited animals. A concert of obscene jokes greets
the spectacle of an ass whose immense sex must be guided into the virgin hole
of the youngest Christian girl. Calpurnia lets her finger move discreetly
between her legs, while Drusilla has her tongue stuck to the palate. The
spasmodic rapes seem to go on indefinitely, because the asses lack the
stability to be able to ejaculate at the bottom of the matrices which they
brush and pierce alternatively. 

&nbsp;

Livia has been strapped to a marble
table. She lies with her legs and sex wide open in front of Nero. In spite of
her bound neck, she manages to raise her head slightly when a whirring rumour
greets the presentation of the cage to the Caesar. She barely distinguishes a
familiar animal, before quivering in horror when she recognizes the muzzle of a
large rat. She is perfectly aware that the fragile vulvar lips of a woman who
has just given birth are a prime target for the enormous rodent. She lets out a
howl of despair �NOOOOOOO, Caesar, meeeeercyyyyyy!�. 

&nbsp;

The last Christian woman, a bit
plump, remains in the middle of the arena. Suddenly, she is surrounded by ten
legionaries who drive her with the points of their lances towards a portic. She
stops in front of a carpet of glass shards barring her way, but when the
pressure of the iron points against her buttocks becomes unbearable, she must
cross it while howling in pain. Arriving close to the portic, she falls down,
sobbing, while the blood oozing from her feet soaks the sand. Two legionaries
advance. While one of them holds her arms pinned to her back despite her lack
of resistence, the second one pierces from the sides her two large hanging
breasts. The two legionaries seize the lance by each side of the handle and
carelessly drag her under the portic. Despite her atrocious howls, she is
promptly raised by her breasts, and the lance rests now on the bars of the
portic. The Christian woman, suffocated by the pain, soon stops her struggling,
trying not to increase her immeasurable suffering. 

&nbsp;

Livia is no longer begging. She
remains still as a stone since the hot cage was attached over her belly. She
hopes that the rat perhaps will fall asleep on the heat of her skin, she
believes she can calm her down by remaining motionless, in spite of feeling the
revolting tickling of the muzzle over her pubic hairs. If only her purple clit
was not so prominent... She screams with all her force when a slave advances
carrying a red-hot poker.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;The mastiffs are released. In
no time at all they are smelling the blood and tracking the bloody scent in the
sand. The swiftest already seek to bite the feet streaming with blood. The
captive violently raises her legs when she hears the first barkings. She cries
�Jesus, my God, protect me�. But nothing can stop the cruel game, and the crowd
patiently awaits the inevitable outcome. Every time the poor bloody feet fall
down, the jaws snip the empty air. In this exhausting game, each jolt is a new
excruciating torture for the impaled breasts. The tearings in her teats
gradually widen, and small scarlet streams run down her mutilated chest. At the
end of her strength, the young Christian fails to raise her right leg quickly
enough, and the jaws of the largest of the molasses sink on it. Under the
clamour of the public, the breasts are slowly stretched before literally
bursting like a ripe water melon. 

&nbsp;

While the dogs devour their prey,
the asses are now held firmly, and another opening is offered to them. Very
prudish, the Christian women, now firmly strapped over the consoles, do not
practise sodomy. Whereas the asses manage with difficulty to nudge the point of
their members into the tightened anuses, some legionaries move behind them and
whip them violently. The Christian females pass out at the same time.

&nbsp;

Livia's shrieks struck Agatha at the
bottom of her heart. She can't prevent herself from looking at the tower while
quivering. Her belly contracts by imagining what Livia is feeling. Frenzied by
the burns, the rodent seeks to escape through the natural exit which it can
see. It digs with its irregular claws the hole which its teeth have widened. It
splatters in blood and chokes a little on the belly whose wild spasms prevent
it from finding its balance. In this atrocious fight, Livia is gradually losing
her forces, but the rat is faring hardly better. It struggles to flee, devours
the scraps of flesh made for the most delicate caresses, and becomes as insane
as Livia under the permanent burn of the poker. Livia's wild howls continue a
short moment after the predator ceases moving, then stop abruptly. Agatha bites
her fist and cries. 

&nbsp;

After some slaps, the Christian
women emerge from the merciless void. They have been abandoned on the towers.
They are groaning and starting to recover when the mastiffs are released. When
they invade the platforms, each Christian woman throws herself down from the
towers. In tortoise formation, shields over the heads and pilum pointed in the
air, the kneeling legionaries spit the bodies of the martyrs.

&nbsp;

The gladiatrix

&nbsp;

Sophonia and Cecilia have not witnessed the
atrocious end of their mates. Their privigeled constitution has won them being
reserved for one of the combats to the death. The sadistic patricians have
particularly appreciated that they are sisters too. In the cell reserved for
the gladiators, Lentulus Batiatus, the landowner who manages the famous
gladiator school at Capua, is trying to teach them the basics of their weapons.
Two half-naked slaves, their skins oiled and criss-crossed by scars, attend
him, carrying their battle dresses. For the time being, Sophonia and Cecilia
remain in a corner of the cell. They have decided to re-dress Regulus's
terrible sentence, which still rings on their ears. They accepted, yes, they
chose to fight, each one hoping to give the other a prompt death, instead of
the abominable torment reserved for the winner of their duel to the death. Each
one hugs the face of the other and soaks her streaming tears in a reassuring
way. Then, proud and courageous, they rise up and embrace lengthily. Surrounded
by a ghostly halo,� they let the slaves
equip them, enervated by the powerful musk odor which comes from their bulging
biceps. Holding hands, they cross the monumental grid which has been just
raised in front of them. Their eyelids blink, brutally dazzled by the intense
reverberation spouting from the almost white sand, then cast a frenzied look at
the imperial lodge.

&nbsp;

They are not aware any more of being naked
under their armour, but Sophonia is troubled by the tottering of her full,
firm, pear-shaped breasts. Her large brown nipples are visible from the highest
platforms, which causes admiring whistles from the least discrete men. Lentulus
Batiatus' voice exhorts them, while a concert of tubae and tambourines can be
heard. With slow steps, the heart upset by the insults and the cries of joy
from the crowd, they walk on hesitantly, because their bronzed ankles hardly
rise from the sand. Then, their steps become more firm when they remember the
last words of Agathe to them: �Die with dignity, my sisters, like Christian
women, and forgive them just like Jesus forgave us�. 

Each one now eyes with naivety the armament of
the other. All they have understood is that Cecilia has the armament of a
retiario, composed of a heavy fisherman net and a three-pronged fork, whose use
suits particularly well her slim and harmonious body. Short hair, fine traits
in a long face with very red lips, she seems ready to overcome a deer before
immobilizing and piercing it. She is only bearing chest armour, and is naked
from the belt down, revealing like an ideal target a broad dark patch which she
does not try any more to hide by closing her legs.

Sophonia, more bulky, broad-faced and
merry-eyed, is equipped only with a ocrea, a kind of leggings which covers her
from the thighs to the crotch, slightly hiding her fair and silky pubic hair.
She wears her weapons awkwardly, the heavy leather shield and the large sword
of the mirmillo, which shall deflect the blows from the three-pronged fork and
cut the net of broad mesh. It's the more traditional duel to which the crowd is
accustomed. 

&nbsp;

They finally arrive in front of the lodge
housing Nero and his suit, to deliver the ritual formula with a single voice: �
Ave, Caesar, moriturae the salutant�. An unknown emotion submerges them while
the gibes made place for the applauses. They cannot avoid shedding new tears
while murmuring: � Forgive me, I beg you, because I must kill you�. � I forgive
you, as you must also do it, because I want to save you from this atrocious
death�. �FAREWELL�. �See you in a few minutes�. 

Unconsciously, they have opened the distance
between them. While the bucinae hammer their clear and sharp notes, they
rea-align their weapons with a tragic gesture. Sweat runs from their proud
faces, which the storm of battle gradually overcomes, to the spectators' great
happiness. Eyes locked, their stance strengthens while they describe a circle
which narrows little by little.

&nbsp;

The heart of Agatha and the three remaining
actresses beats as hard as theirs. Today, it's no more wooden sabres and
paperboard shields, in a dance led by the cane of Paulus Gracchus, the director
of their small troupe. They held their breathing when Sophonia delivered the
first sword blow. It slightly sliced the net, but not in its main frame, while
avoiding easily the reply of the three-pronged fork, thrust without conviction
by Cecilia. In this short contact, she realized what a dreadful trap the
lead-ballasted meshes could become. Her second sword blow slightly bruises her
sister's hip. They stop at this first blood, surprised by their own violence:� �But� you really wanted to kill me! �

�Yes, like you� Oh, let me help you leaving
first, I beg you� �. Sophonia attacks again.�
The drops of crimson blood dotting the sand awaken Cecilia of her
hypnotic lethargy. The harpoon hits hard against the shield, while the net
flies looking for the ankles. The crowd howls with pleasure when Sophonia jumps
with both feet, as when they were children at play. Her breasts have hit
painfully her shield, and she moves back to regain her spirits. Cecilia keeps
thrusting with her harpoon, but Sophonia suddenly puts a knee on the ground and
raised her shield. Carried by her dash, Cecilia is forced to make the splits on
the sand. She is rewarded also by a passing blow from the sword, which is
deflected by her harpoon but slips under her buttocks. Fully awaken now, she
feels hideously humiliated, just like a schoolgirl, still more so because the
sand, intruding inside her wet vulva whose lips remained slightly open, itches
her atrociously.

In an unstoppable reflex, she thrusts with the
three-pronged fork while stumbling right to her front. One of the lethal points
sinks deeply at the base of her sister's right breast. Their mixed bloods,
crimson blood against vermilion blood, intersect now in curious geometrical
figures left by the attacks and counter-attacks. They break, split, cross their
irons while panting like true gladiators in this sublime duel which crucifies
the watching Christian women. The heat and the sight of blood gradually
transform them into true tiger-cats, the mouth open, the breath short. Sophonia
is the first to lose her balance, the increasingly heavy shield at the end of
her wrist is not raising quickly enough under the well-directed blows. The
plebs cries suddenly when the sharp-edged points of the three-pronged fork
pierce her opulent left breast. The heart is not affected by the thrust, but a
geyser of blood stains the gilded sand when the trimmed points withdraw, badly
maiming the fat tissues and most of the breast gland. Sophonia collapses slowly
to the ground, almost under the prison bars, as if she was playing a bad
performance. She moves the hand to her breast with a long moan of suffering,
trying to stop the life flow which is ebbing out from her. She lies facing
Agatha and her sisters, then finds the force to slowly crawl to the grid, while
Cecilia threws her weapons down to kneel and pray, while waiting for her
scions. The arm of Agatha goes through the grid to relieve her martyrdom, but
the hand of Sophonia falls down heavily before she can grab it, to remember it
in the darkness on which she is falling.

&nbsp;

They are two of the oldest centurions who take
Cecilia under the armpits with a surprising softness. She lets them move her,
because her mind has already left this world. She places herself in the middle
of the Saint-Andrew's cross, painted in black and lying down in the center of
the arena. Spreadeagled between the poles on which she has been bound, she does
not care about the spectacle offered by her open and soiled slit. She is not
hearing the obscene remarks of the men, nor is seeing the patrician's pouts of
disgust. She barely hears a chariot crossing the arena, she closes her eyes
while the slaves set up their material. When silence returns, something over
her head is hiding the sun from her. A huge censer is hanging from a chain
fixed on a mobile gantry. The breath of a forge of incandescent embers slightly
pricks her nostrils, and turning her head, she sights a large cauldron in which
she distinctly hears a liquid boiling. When each of the centurions plunges a
large ladle in the burning oil, Cecilia lets out a savage scream as her
atrocious fate is revealed: � NO, NO, NO, NOOOOOOOOOOO, I do not want!!!!
AGATHA, I am afraid, stooooop�.

Agatha cries at the same time. She would like
to share her torment, to divide her pain. For a brief moment, she thinks she
can feel in her own flesh the hundreds of greasy drops falling on the skin of
the young Christian girl. One of centurions keeps pouring oil in the censer
while the other torturer pushes it with a slow swinging movement, carefully
sprinkling all the splendid body of the young martyr. He lets out a loud laugh
of hardened soldier: � Hold, my daughter, I bless you, too!�. The oil drops
crackle on the shining skin. The crowd listens in a religious silence the wild
moanings which have followed the irrational howls. Her voice broken, Cecilia
can only twist vigorously in her bonds, unable to escape the devastating burns,
but heightening the pleasure of the Romans, fascinated by the luscious swaying
of her elegant body. The ceaseless groans are mixed with the splatter of more
viscous drops, which bite in the tender flesh of the thighs, the vulva, the
armpits whose hairs are melting, the nipples hardened by the anguish and
crossed with red marks. The chest made for love is gradually devastated by deep
craters, the skin bursts in Byzantine drawings when the melted oil returns to
tap the same open wounds.

&nbsp;

When the dermis of the young martyr is entirely
ruined, the soldiers raise the cross. The crowd lets out a �oh� of
astonishment, because the bloody body which is presented to them does not
deserve to be called a woman any more. While one of the centurions fixes the
cross in a deep hole, the other seizes a whip of casuary feathers. Thus, the
strips of hanging skin are torn off delicately by a simple touch. The centurion
is an expert in this instrument, which he plays like a musician plays his lyre.
He could indefinitely prolong the torment which suffocates Cecilia. Under this
prop which does not tear off the flesh, the skin of the blisters and the bulbs
disappears by tiny layers, but the smoothness of the abrasion over the many
nervous terminations is a torment much more terrible. She is in a state of
shock, whereas Nero has stopped his meal for the first time in three hours. He
orders that the two particularly inventive centurions are rewarded with a
thousand sesterces each. 

The sun hids behind the Triumphal Gate. Some
start to rise, others prefer to attend the lowering of the cross by four
slaves. A flight of ravens lands on the stay of a sail. They wait until the
body of Cecilia is deposited on one of the towers. Agatha steps back, covering
her ears. They knows that a long night without sleep has just begun.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter IV Dawn of the fourth day. 

&nbsp;

A night of horror

&nbsp;

Cecilia's unbearable screams kept drilling
their ears all through the evening, before becoming throbbing sobs, then
inaudible moans. They saw everything without being able to intervene, pushed
back from the grid ten times, twenty times by the lances of the legionaries.
They had to witness the atrocious banquet, the spectacle of the progressive
mutilation of this perfect body, lacerated by the unconcerned beaks. The black
flight which fell down on the platform ceased whirling after the most powerful
predators had taken their favourite bits. Cecilia very quickly lost her eyes,
burst into bloody jelly which shone on the smooth feathers. She did not know
where the next blow would fall, and she screamed without restraint. In the
torches' red halo, the ravens flew from time to time over the last spectators
present, eyeing them with worrying fixation. The orange beaks were stained by
bright blood, whose drops flew around when they shook the head trying to catch
scraps of flesh which were escaping them. Of course, the most tender parts of
the body where the first to be jagged out. The nipples were an offer which
rivalized with the open sex and the pale thighs. After the first mutilations of
the arching body, the statue of bright flesh became a beacon for all the bands
of ravens which nested in the city, and which came in successive waves to keep
shredding the body of the celestial maiden.

&nbsp;

In the early morning, the Christian women could
steal a few minutes of sleep, which have accentuated her stupor without truly
resting them. They count and recount themselves in silence, everyone cursing
herself for hoping not being called the first. In the arena, the slaves hasten
to clear the sand and to remove Cecilia's carcass from the tower. They also
check up the solidity of the works built atop the euripe, the water-filled
ditch which isolates the beasts from the spectators. The rattle of chains,
frictions, roarings, attest the awakening of arena's belly. The day will be
terrible, since ten of them will be delivered as grazing ground to the
elephants and buffaloes, while others will be crucified or directly tortured.
Agatha is almost exhausted, she lives each torment as if it were hers, she has
insulted the Romans and received a whip blow which still streaks her
beautifully terrible face, heightening the fire of her glance. Now, she does
not fight any more, she is not even raising her head when the centurions come
to take their infamous tribute. She knows anyway that her hour has not yet
arrived, that Regulus has chosen her to be pearl of the spectacle, and that as
an additional punishment she will have to watch the torture of all of her
friends.

&nbsp;

Some among her sisters have still the force to
rebel, in a pitiful attempt to escape from the inevitable. The cracking of the
whips soon is louder than the moanings and supplications. A few Christian
females who had managed to retain a scrap of clothing, are now stripped of the
last vestige of their decency. They must now wait, standing, their hands along
their sides, under penalty of being whipped if they try hiding from the
luscious glances their slits and their poor breasts, ravaged by the blows and
the twistings during rapes.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The Romans have fun

&nbsp;

The plebs come early to awake the sleeping
walls. The day is still hotter than expected, and the men fill their gourds
with the thick wine offered by the intendants of the imperial palace. �Wine and
tortured Christian women, it's good to live under Nero�, sing the thirsty
throats. The women wear light clothes, in fabrics almost translucid, only
embossed by jewels of glowing gems and by veils of bright colors. Dresses most
scandalously cut low have appeared today, as if the atmosphere of sensuality
were a prelude to an huge orgy. Even the old women feel that they will have
their chance in the middle of so many males excited by the tortures. 

&nbsp;

The herald enters the arena with much pompa,
under the hammering of the cymbals. Having obtained silence with a solemn
gesture, he recits the somber program before leaving room to the usual juggling
spectacles. While funambulists pass from a turris to another by walking on
ropes, the hands firmly grabbing their pole, the traditional procession of the
lictors, their fasced axes perfectly aligned, start giving their homage to
Rome's first magistrates.

&nbsp;

In the patrician lodge, Clodia yawns, not
worrying to hide her boredom from her husband, senator Marcus Gaius; with tired
gesture, she turns toward her friend Fulvia and re-takes her unfinished
diatribe on the latest tendencies of mode. They do not know that they will see
again Agatha and her sisters, who charmed them so much a week earlier. 

The instruments keep silent. In this solemn
moment the conversations cease, because everyone take interest in the face and
the body of the torture victims, enjoying in advance the punishment which is
reserved to them. Two Christian women advance while staggering under the whip
blows. Clodia frowns and turns to her husband while half-rising: � It's
disgusting! Could not these wretches cover their sex? They must receive at
least a subligar, or I'm leaving just now�. Annoyed, Marcus turns his head away
while muttering: � You will do nothing. There is no question of making us
conspicuous under the eyes of the fool who is governing us. Pretend you are
looking and applaud, but sit down and keep quiet�. Defeated, but not subdued,
Clodia sits down, pretending she is arranging her dress: �As soon as these
cursed games are finished, don't refuse me again going for a whole month in our
villa at Capri! ! �.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The war elephants

&nbsp;

An extraordinary trumpeting passes under the
columns of the Triumphal Gate. The eyes of the crowd are divided between the
arrival of the African elephants and the scourging of the young Christian
women. They run in the arena to escape the centurions' cutting long whips. In
number of them, with great whip blows they have cornered the two young stripped
bodies at the foot of one of the turris. The long thin straps of bevelled edges
slash without respite the backs, the buttocks and the breasts that the two
young women present to them. Crazy with pain, they try to lessen the effect of
the atrocious wicks of rhinoceros leather by continuously shifting their
position. To the big glee of the crowd, and particularly the former slaves,
they seem to hop ceaselessly on the sand, upright or lying, twisting like worms
at the end of a line while protesting their innocence, crying for a bit of
mercy.

At last they lay in the sand, their breasts
marbled by purple trails. They are hardly conscious of being raised while the
ground trembles under their bodies. Their blinking eyes look up at the shade
which invades the sky above their heads. The trunks of the two old males rise
like tubae to let out a challenge which echoes among the steps. The mahouts
force to their knees the war elephants, tamed by military discipline, whose
legs reduced to bloody pulp so many of Rome's ennemies. The young Christians
find the strength to pray, and in their cell, other martyrs pray with them
while they are strapped to the protections girding the deep cranium of the
elephants. The immense ears crack, irritated by this additional burden which
darkens almost completely the sight of the pachyderms. After moving them apart
by some fifty meters at spade point, the mahouts let themselves slip along
their flanks. The elephants can hardly see one another, but each one begins
seeking its rival immediately. After a long aggressive trumpeting which allows
them to find their bearings, they move heavily under the cries of the crowd.
They charge with the blind rage which characterizes these duels to the death.
Sharp-edged defenses are crossed in this first weapons lunge. Like knights
having broken the first lance, they move apart. The quivering trunks fall down
heavily when they advance more slowly not to overshoot. Perched on the hot
combat helmets, their feet pushing helplessly on the top of the rough trunk,
the young virgins shut their eyes closed. The head-on crash is terrible,
irremediably crushing the legs of the young martyrs. Burst flesh mixes with the
drains of blood which blind and excite still more the pachyderms. The
mastodonts are firmly locked in the sand and they push head to head. The
screams of unbearable pain of both martyrs mix with the wild trumpetings. The
heads of the elephants tilt lower and lower while they become stuck more firmly
in the sand. From time to time, the crowd can glimpse the white flash of a
tooth which emerges from the tangle of carapaces and burst flesh. It finds
always its mark, lacerating little by little the poor bodies of the tortured victims.
Pierced, crushed, the young Christians are long dead when one of the mastodonts
falls down slowly on its side. The crowd remains quiet for some time, not by
pity or regrets, but because of the monstrous power released by this tournament
of another age which seemed about to break the arena enclosures. The winner of
the duel is freed from the shapeless mass of flesh which splatters its face.
With the carcass of its defeated rival harnessed to its powerful flanks, the
mountain of flesh leaves the place majestically.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chariot duel 

&nbsp;

At the other end of the arena, two young
mothers whose clothing has been was saved made their appearance. Strips of flax
underline the frequency of their breast feeding. They advance slowly, ready to
die, with the grieg of having lost their new born babies, spit by the
legionaries. Their breasts overflowing with life are sore from not having
fulfilled their feeding function for four days. Milk drips from the strips, to
their great shame. Agatha has never given birth, but she perfectly understands
what weight is overpowering them. She is startled! Regulus is at her side. The
cheater has entered the cell quietly, while the Christian women were absorbed
by the combat epic. He murmurs softly in her ear �Don't you think that these poor
Christian women look ridiculous with their big swinging tits?�. Agatha is
disconcerted by this new familiarity which clashes completely with his previous
remarks. Before she could utter a word, Regulus adds �Since their breasts are
not useful to them any more, Nero, in his imperial kindness, has decided to
have them removed�. He firmly takes Agatha's chin between his fingers and
implacably forces her glance towards the two trigae which have just begun an
honor lap, which shall become soon an horror lap. 

&nbsp;

The action starts very quickly when the two
young mothers are brutally seized. After a short fray, they are presented naked
to the crowd, held by the robust centurions, who firmly hold them under the
armpits. Their thrashing legs allow brief glimpses of their pink vulvas, hidden
by their very brown bushes. The centurions enjoy turning their preys towards
all sides of the arena, raising the strong udders, pressing them to make spout
out creamy milk and then licking their fingers. They explain in a loud voice
how the aurigas will proceed. 

The chariot drivers are parading at this very
moment. They carry helmets crested with exotic feathers, with visors fully
open. Their powerful chests are naked, but their forearms are covered with
leather arm-rings carrying the colors of Rome's two larger districts. Their
fine destriers of Arab blood seem to drive the chariots on a cloud of dust. The
bidders weigh up the drachmas in their purses while trying to decide what's the
best team. Everyone has noticed the two great sickles which spout out
perpendicularly in front of the wheels, right under the chariots axle. The
pitilessly sharp-edged blades throw blazing flashes while reflecting the sun
which is reaching its zenith. One of the aurigas wins a fine success when he
beheads a wooden stake at the end of a skilful rush.

&nbsp;

The centurions have put back their victims in
front of two Saint Andrew's crosses planted very low on the ground, a score of
steps away from Nero's lodge. The ankles and the wrists of the young mothers
are tied with very long ropes to four broad bronze pins, firmly sunk into the
earth. In order to keep the Christian women perfectly rigid and facing the
ground, the centurions use swivels to tighten their bonds. The poor martyrs
start groaning under the atrocious pressure which quarters them, while their
dangling breasts are presented to the lust of the rabble. They are soon so
tightly stretched that the noble tits stop their sensual swinging. The winner
will be the one who is the first to slice two breasts without breaking its
scythe on the bronze piles� 

It's Nero who lowers the arm to give the start
to the devilish race. As veteran drivers, the aurigas have cracked their whips
on the hinds of the horses to put them at a trot. It's important to go slowly
enough to be able to manoeuver the chariot, without being outrun. At about the
same speed, the chariots arrive at the same time near the crosses. They have
imperceptibly slowed down to change their course. A miss for one driver, a
simple brushing of the breasts for the other. A collective clamour greets the
first blood. Quickly, at the other end of the arena, the aurigas go down from
their trigae to make some adjustments, one the wheels, the other the sickle.
Then they set out again almost simultaneously, very fast. Their infernal run is
better, they pass more quickly, nearer. The blades seem to tear the
incandescent air. An atrocious cry rises. A breast has been deeply sliced, and
dark blood flows on the sand under the belly of one of the Christian women. The
third turn will inevitably signal the dichotomy of at least a breast, all the
spectators are sure about it and they hold their breathing at the beginning of
the run. 

&nbsp;

Alone, Calpurnia eats an apple quietly, without
expressing the least solidarity of gender regarding the two young torture
victims. Drusilla turns her head, almost shocked of hearing her teeth crunching
merrily at the acid fruit. Very quickly, a first breast lies under the sides of
a Christian woman, sprinkled by a fountain of crimson blood. The atrocious
cries of the young Christian are choked by the cheers of the crowd. The second
auriga is not long in being successful too, his scythe, skilfully placed after
having avoided the bronze stake, slices in the living flesh and completes the
ablation of the breast already cut. A few seconds later, despising the
anguished screams of the young mothers, the aurigas sever at the same time the
two other udders. Thus, the one who sliced the first breast off is declared the
winner. The young women have fortunately passed out, they don't see their
breasts exhibited in front of the crowd on silver shields, held high by the
aurigas. The superb charms which decorate the secutor, the large shield of the
mirmillo, seem to present to the voracious crowd four beautiful juicy grape
fruits. Drusilla looks with horrified fascination at her neighbor, an old man
with a crooked nose. The glotis of his emaciated chicken neck, covered with a
thin white badly-shaven thatch, is raising spasmodically while he watches the
breasts obligingly walked under his eyes.

&nbsp;

A splendid sacrifice

&nbsp;

Agatha cannot believe what she has just heard.
Regulus repeats gently that he is ready to save the last Christian women if she
makes him gift of her body. She shakes her head, incredulous; it is a trap, she
does not believe him. Confused feelings agitate her, whereas she is still
physically attracted by him. Perhaps she will be able to kill him, or to let
the girls escape, or help them in another way, by pleading to Nero for mercy�
Then, very quickly, she makes her decision. Anything is better than remaining
in this hell. She refuses the hand which Regulus helds to her and she comes
out, preceding him. The Christian women make her an honor guard, because they
have the feeling that the young woman will sacrifice herself for them. Some
kneel and kiss her stola. Agatha blushes and begs them ro rise, caressing their
braids. 

She is standing naked in front of Regulus. He
looks for a long moment at the splendid body that he dreamed to possess from
the first moment. He can ask anything, obtain everything. He knows that she is
a virgin, and that she will discover love with him, and pain humiliation at the
same time. He orders her to turn around, because he does not want to kiss her,
nor to see her large eyes piercing his mind. Harshly, he commands her to bend
down and spread her legs by posing her hands on a bench. The gladiators resting
room has never known such a beautiful woman. The prostitutes have impregnated
the crimson draperies with the scents of their strong perfumes, which mixed
with the rutting beast smell exhaled by the arena convicts. He caresses at
length the perfect protruding forms. Agatha cannot prevent being submerged by a
wave of desire, in spite of the humiliating posture that her sisters' killer
has obliged her to adopt.

&nbsp;

When her armpits are gently brushed by long and
experienced fingers, she closes her eyes and bits her lip. Regulus' curving
hands soon close over her breasts. He raises gently her big tits and plays with
their oblong points. When they become very hard, Agatha awaits the relief of
being penetrated by the perfectly rigid sword rising between her large labia.
She has forgotten everything now, at the instant of discovering womanhood. It's
her who decides to spread her thighs to accept the male member more deeply. She
hastens her deflowering by brutally impaling herself, while Regulus was still
playing with the opening of her vulva. She is aware that her blood, mixed with
her intimate fluids, is oozing down her leg, but she does not care, focusing
only on the rise of her first true woman orgasm. She is submerged by a blinding
pleasure while Regulus just keeps his weapon deeply inside her, without taking
any active part. When Agatha rises up after a long moment, her breath short,
ashamed of having gained her pleasure in such a tragic day, she finds the hard
column of flesh, stained by herself, pointing towards her nose. She knows what
is now expected from her; she is opening her mouth to protest when she
glimpses, dangling from the belt of the imperial guard commander, the keys of
their cell. Like a whore, she gently closes her lips on the oozing glans. She
knows that she must lead the centurion to the gates of absolute oblivion, in
order to steal the keys to their freedom. Shocked by the bitter scent of the
penis covered with her own blood, she tries to imagines she is an Egyptian
courtisan, softly kissing the Pharaoh under the shade of the exotic palm trees.
She lovingly tickles his testicles,�
holding them with her left hand. Her right hand caresses Regulus' side,
while her tongue drags along his member, which she cleans thoroughly. Regulus
tooks her head by the hair, pushing it away when the shivers of pleasure which
submerge him become unbearable.

&nbsp;

Agatha is becoming used to the salty taste,
which submerges her as the first sperm gouts adds to her own blood. Now, she is
handling the marble rod with her left wrist, as if she were going to milk it in
her mouth. Her right hand keeps moving gently towards her enemy's belt. The
swollen sex starts now hammering her throat's bottom: Regulus cannot wait any
more to obtain release. Following her instinct of sensual woman, she draws
breath with irresistible force to receive the come. Her hand grabs the key with
an admirable self-control. She strongly pumps Regulus one last time, and he
throws his head back with a long choking cry. Agatha nimbly pushes the key at
the bottom of her natural cavity, whose torn hymen is no more an obstacle. When
she raises the head, dizzy with shame, she can read the deceit in Regulus
glance, sparkling with sadism. 

�At least bring me before Nero, so that I can
ask mercy for my sisters�. 

�I'm afraid Nero is not available at this
moment, he is in the middle of his meal. If you disturbed him, I fear that still
more terrible torments would fall on you�.

He has to laugh at his own witty remark. Agatha
coldly hates him, even if a part of him is encrusted at the bottom of her
matrix. She refrains from throwing at his neck, not wanting to risk the key.
She just says: �You Romans are monsters�. Regulus gloomily corrects her, �No,
we are simply the masters of the world�.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The end of the lovers

&nbsp;

When they go down again to the cell, murmurs
greet Agatha's courage; the women are certain of what the girls can just guess.
Agatha is no longer a virgin, but the sacrifice of her decency will be useless,
because Regulus has just invited two more fighters to follow him. Casilda and
Elagia point themselves with a finger. They refuse to believe what they have
heard. Matching them to fight to the death is absurd, they cannot even consider
it. They hide their faces to mask their pain and their fear. Agatha has time to
wipe their tears right before Lentulus Batiatus' gladiators seize the poor
victims to prepare them. 

In the calling room, they are entirely
undressed with ceremony, an honor awarded to fighters even if they are nothing
but poor wretches, trembling with fear and cold. Both lovers, their eyes veiled
with tears, can see the beloved body of the other soiled by the glances of
hairy, disgusting people. The vulvas caressed so often now look scarlet with
shame, the breasts of medium size but finely drawn are dressed up for a combat
which will not be love any more. Regulus inspects with expert eye the
harmonious bodies made for loving, and he knows that the spectacle will be one
of quality. Perversely, he reminds them that Nero often spares the winner of a
good combat if the crowd asks for it. Casilda and Elagia are still hearing
Regulus' words while Lentulus Batiatus explains them the handling of their
weapons. Pushed at lance point, they pass under the lugubrious harrow and
slowly make their entry in the arena, sica in hand. This short dagger, of edges
sharp as a razor, is used by thraces, Thessalia's lively natives, when they
fight naked in duels to the death at the gladiatorial schools, under the
burning glance of the patricians. Casilda and Elagia do not realize immediately
why the crowd is cheering. They stupidly look around for other combatants. When
theirs buttocks are again pricked till they stand in the middle of the arena,
the sun drawing their huge shade, they abruptly understand how their life will
change in a few moments. They rub their eyes, half-blinded, deafened by the
shouting crowd, dazzled by the glare of the jewels glowing among all the colors
in the stands. They turn around in confusion and finish stumbling on each
other. They gasp in alarm, this contact throws them into a panic, and they
awkwardly adopt a combat stand. Their mind empty, the young soults are revolted
by the idea of dying. To kill not to die is a reflex, preceding the thought of
killing to survive. The daggers are grabbed with more strength at the end of
the wrists, the dance of death which the crowd knows so well can start. They
turn towards the imperial lodge and say together:

��Ave
Caesar, moriturae te salutant�.

&nbsp;

Clodia regains some interest for the spectacle,
which is no longer the sordid butchery of the morning. She remembers
immediately the engagements which her husband forces her to watch from time to
time in Capua, at the home of this pig Batiatus who devours her with his eyes.
She founds the technical explanations to his husband extremely boring, but she
is fascinated by the long animal sexes which beats on the thighs of the
fighters, even if she pretends to feel nothing. Marcus Gaius is not easily
deceived, as he knows quite well that the next night her wife will not let him
sleep before dawn. Sometimes, a cut on the prick, a favoured target, makes her
come, tongue stuck against her palate, lip nibbled till blood. Marcus Gaius
slightly rises from his seat, because for a fleeting moment he thinks she has
recognized the gladiatrixes. 

The lovers fall in guard by reflex, like so
many gladiators before them. The dear pubic mounds now appear to them as the
black holes of hell, into which none wants to fall. The breasts of the rival
seems to jump grotesquely, the taste of their kisses is brutally repugnant.
They are suddenly ashamed of their difference, revealed in full daylight, and
each one wants to punish the other for this. Passion as much as the sun rays
are quickly overheating the young bodies. Sweat mixes with the scented oils
which have ointed their breasts. Elagia is the first to lunge, and she falls on
her nose to the sand, under the crowd's laughter. Casilda remains motionless,
unable to press her advantage. Elagia rolls in the ground to get away, and rises
up. Casilda rushes on at last, the sica pointed right in front of her. She
would have pierced a bear, but Elagia evades her as if she is a raging bull,
swinging her bright blade in a reflex. Casilda's shoulder line is deeply
stabbed, the clavicle can be seen for a short moment before being swamped by a
red tide. Grimacing, she bends her knee and throws herselfs in a furious
charge, against the one she loved yesterday. Elagia manages to seize her wrist
before the blade of the sica is fully inserted in her belly. A deep wound draws
a belt of blood around her. They roll together in the ground, their lips trying
to bit. They have explored their bodies for so long that they know their utmost
secrets. The blades of the sicae swing at the end of their grabbed wrists to
pierce an eye, to slash a cheek which comforted so much, to cut out the nipples
tenderly sucked till dawn. They scream with pain and anger each time the razors
split the skins under the layer of brown sand. The spectacle is of a beauty and
brutality truly exceptional. There is no doubt that the crowd will ask for the
winner to be spared. The fight goes on for several minutes, and the pool of
blood under the two furies widens more and more. In fact, those bloodily
grappling in the middle of the arena have become frenzied animals. A
sharp-edged sica finally emerges from this pile of flesh. The point of the
knife rises mechanically to slash at the labia of a lacerated pussy. With a
loud sound, it rebounds on the pubic bone and sinks on the fragile pistil of
the burning flower. As in slow camera, the blade rises and falls down one last
time. The young bodies remain still, melded together in the arena, bound for
eternity.

The crowd applauds lengthily and Nero hastens
to steal the cheers by rising and saluting. 

&nbsp;

The end of the afternoon is drawing shades in
the steps on the east side of the Coliseum, when four new Christian women are
pushed into the slaughter-house. Shocked by the combat to the death which has
just been held, they thank God for being saved from a similar duel and hope for
a prompt death. When a buffalo herd enters through the Triumphal Gate, they
have the foreboding that their death will be atrocious too, and they fall to
their knees, hiding their faces. They have lost their strength and they let
themselves be undressed with no resistance in front of the turris. Lying face
up, their members are tied to big ropes, the straps on her wrists are fixed at
the bronze pins which already saw the torment of their sisters. Then, the ropes
around their ankles are tied to the yoke of a buffalo. The eight torturers who
will whip the buffaloes are spread all over the arena. When the males slowly
start moving, the bodies of the tortured victims are prodigiously extended,
with a wretched cracking of their joints. The howls of anguish mix in a single
chorus of pain, sobs and pleas. The living torture instruments are slowed down,
keeping the beautiful bodies fully stretched, their open vulvas offered to the
lust of the crowd. Four centurions advance, carrying badly trimmed ropes. The
barbs are true splinters which try to avoid while placing one end the ropes
over the bellies of their victims, before passing the other end under their
backs. They take both ends of the ropes and then move back some steps. The
women in the crowd have understood well before the men what is about to happen,
and the was envisaged and they try to hide their embarrassment, imagining in
advance the sufferings the Christian women must endure while the legionaries
have started a see-saw movement with their primitive torture instrument. At a
slow rhythm, so that the ropes can find a base in the natural openings, they
pull on the rough ropes first with one hand, then with the other, while
shouting mutual encouragements. They who only know the hastily taken favours
from slave women, now gain their pleasure by ravaging the love nests. The
legionaries have now found a steady rate, which allows the rope to bite more
deeply, touching just the wet tissues. In a short time the first drops of blood
appear, driven out by the infernal to and from. In spite of appalling traction,
the bellies manage to shake in the vain hope of saving the sacred wells from
the biting splinters. But, unrelentingly, the cords dig a fatal furrow in the
female crotches. The surface flesh is brutally shredded, the more serious
wounds paint with a tragic lipstick the vulvas, open for a bloody kiss. The
clitoris hoods, haven for so many secrets, disappear too, while the Christian
women howl the pain of losing their feminity.

It is the signal that the torturers were
waiting to excite the buffaloes. The plebs regain their spirits, betting on the
first pair of buffaloes which will tear off the members of its Christian woman.
They must not wait for long, because the weakest of the Christian women is
quickly dismembered. Her chest has barely touched the ground when her sisters
quickly accompany her in the release of death.

&nbsp;

�The
light meal of raw grain and stale bread is hardly touched by the handful of
surviving Christian women. They are lying, pressing the ones against the
others. Sulpicia endeavours to comfort them with her simple words of farm girl.
She raises the head of the young ones in her strong arms, rectifies a braid,
arranges a fold and promises to remain at their side to the bitter end. Agatha
seems petrified in a corner, her eyes closed. When darkness has completely
invaded the foul dungeon, hardly lit by the gleam of a thin torch posed in top
of the wall facing the grid, she rises up nimbly. She slips silently by the
side, leans her head through the bars, and carefully inserts the key into the
bolt. A loud click echoes painfully in her head. She holds her breath a few
moments. Not a noise except distant snorting. She pushes gently against the
heavy grid, without refuses to budge an inch. She pushes again, refusing to
believe it. Nothing. She desperately looks everywhere before discovering a
second bolt over her head. With an heavy heart, she inserts very quickly her
key. She tries making it turn. Nothing. She understands at once the trap that
the infamous Roman prepared for her. She can almost hear him laughing, high in
the Caesar's lodge. She turns around and casts a long look at her sisters, who
are standing, watching her unable to breathe. She reads the endless
disappointment on their tired features, and some try choke a small sob in
respect for her. She falls to her knees and lets out a scream of animal hatred.

&nbsp;

Chapter V - Fifth day - An ordinary day 

&nbsp;

Old men hoping to regain a bit of their sexual
strength, lost so long ago, have risen very early this morning. The patrician
women have covered their heads with Oriental-style mitras. Virgins or depraved,
they all come in hand-chairs. After the naumachias, staged naval engagements
which take place on the water-filled moats, everyone is looking at the tellam,
this counter-weight war machine, pride of Roman engineers, brought in by the
centuries during the night. When the emperor rises to impose silence on the
bucinae, the musicians put back their wind instrument, the histrions stop their
mimes, and all greet the Caesar with respect. 

With a pout from his fat lips, Nero addresses
the inflamed crowd, praising Rome's warlike virtues, and explaining how its
enemies would be broken on the turris.

Calpurnia is a bit surprised by the concentric
circles, coloured like the rainbow, drawn in the middle of the turris. When she
understands, she leans towards her young cousin's neck: �It's funny, look
there, they will hold a shooting contest�. Drusilla shrugs her shoulders
without answering; she should not have returned, but she had no other plans for
today. She wonders what the little Roman who sits a bit below and to her right
could be thinking now. The young boy is fascinated, his eyes brilliant, and his
mother seems to supervise him closely. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Military exercise

&nbsp;

Six Christian women will serve as living
projectiles for the two old centurions. Helped by the slaves, they have been
checking since dawn their somber ranges. They must now carry out some
adjustments, and amid whip blows they force their poor victims to pass one
after the other over a cattle weighing set. Their weights are carefully
recorded on a papyrus, while the Christian women groan like animals being led
to the slaughter-house. One of the martyrs suddenly tries to flee on her naked and
nimble feet, before being taken again. She is promptly bound and soundly
whipped until she breaks down. She voices her regret aloud, while trying to
sink in the sand to hide her pathetic flesh from the merciless slashes. It's
just a bloody heap which the slaves bind and roll in heavy chains before
kicking her to the base of the huge catapult.

&nbsp;

Her eyes closed, she is lifted and placed in
the broad spoon like a ball. While the slaves turn the cranks to tense the
terrible war machine, the young Christian woman emerges from her shock. She
lets out an atrocious scream when she realizes that she is unable to move at
all, coiled at the bottom of the wooden pan. Suddenly, she heards an impressive
�click�, followed by a terrible shock when the spoon strucks against the stop.
For a short instant, she flies through the air with an extraordinary feeling of
well-being and freedom. She believes she is ascending to the sky during this
moment of fleeting ingravity, then her heart stops just before exploding as her
body splashes against the turris. Some shouts of revolted amusement follow,
while the pulp of the martyrized body slowly oozes down the wall of the turris.
The centurion has scored an eight, duly recorded on a large panel. The second
Christian woman has turned insane and shakes her head from right to left,
unable to stop, while continuously laughing. Her strident laughter upsets the
other centurion, who hits her to make her stop while she too is placed in the
pan. A long whistle...

She turns into just a fleshy blob, which flows
gently down the side of the tower. Only a five, a bad shoot, which upsets the
centurion still more. His rival compensates the small weight of his next
projectile with additional chains. The tiny Christian girl disappears under the
huge rings, which does not prevent her from protesting vigorously. To keep his
concentration, the gunner leans a short moment over her, knife in hand. Choking
sounds can be heard soon, while a severed tongue falls on the sand. A seven
rewards the regularity of the elder centurion. A nine leaves both gunners
almost on a tie. Another eight obtained while striking with the previous to
last Christian forces the youngest of the two centurions to measure really well
the last martyr, a large girl whom the slaves have bound with the greatest
malice. To held her motionless at the bottom of the spoon, the centurion needs
more chains without adding more weight. He quickly finds a brilliant answer.
While the slaves seize her thick ankles and lift her panting body upside down,
the torturer swungs his sword and slashes off the two large, cumbersome
breasts. Without delay, the slaves quickly deliver the moaning package of pain
to the frightening machine. The spectators concentrate on the run of the human
missile. With a nauseating noise, a bloody frost takes shape around the ten.
Some bet pursers cry out with joy and hit themselves in the belly, while
sesterces change hands.

&nbsp;

The afternoon will be devoted to drafting
venationes, these epitaphs which the Romans engrave on public columns in memory
of their ancestors, and the Christian women gain a short respite.

&nbsp;

Chapter
VI Sixth day - the Last torments 

&nbsp;

The
last night of the condemned to death has been pathetic. The remaining Christian
women number just ten, the tragic Roman golden number for one day of spectacle.
Sulpicia and Agatha have comforted their sisters all night long, caressing
their faces, encouraging them to pray and eat a little to regain strength. All
to no avail; the tearful young women are at the end of their forces, undermined
by the anguish of the waiting, they no longer have the strength to complain or
resist. 

In the
early morning, the tinkling bells which herald the opening of Coliseum resound
like the death knell of their poor sinful lives. Standing up in the ray of
light which has appeared through the bars of the arena, Agatha looks like an
angel of light arrived to give them the comfort of a merciful absolution. They
have all forgotten that Agatha did not receive any sacrament, so much they want
to listen to her appeasing words.

&nbsp;

The
squeaking of the rusted grid is a stab which pierces their entrails. The four
Christian women chosen by the guards are torn off from their sisters arms,
while once again Agatha and Sulpicia are pushed back by the lance points.
Naked, they are led to the base of the footbridges which lead to the top of the
turris. Each one is forced to climb her via crucis while carrying the chains of
a ship's anchor. They struggle under the enormous burden, stimulated by whip
blows which seek their fine ankles. Exhausted, they end their calvary by
falling down on the platforms. The slaves don't leave them any respite, and
they circle their legs with the enormous links. None can rise up to greet the
arrival of the centurions. While the slaves hurriedly go down again, each
centurion presents to the crowd a large wicker basket, while holding a torch
with the other hand. Defeated, exhausted, the young Christian women see them
seizing the handles together and reversing the baskets as soon as Nero makes
his signal.

When
the cobras escape their prison, Agatha understands all the Roman wickedness.
With their hands free, but their legs bound, the young women will be unable to
escape the trap which the centurions prepare to them by pushing back the
reptiles with their torches. Their worst nightmare comes true when the snakes
undulate very quickly in front of them. Ten cobras are now turning around the
martyrs, which crawl hopelessly along the edges of the tower. They are too much
terrorized to just keep begging, and with the strength which gives an absolute
fear, they pull on the enormous chains which are holding them. The hissing from
the menacing heads come closer and closer, no hope, no grace can be expected.
One of the Christian women courageously chooses her end. With a great scream
she hurls herself down from the edge of the turris. The others move unceasingly
until their forces betray them. The reptilian big green and brown heads swing
over their preys, their tails keep furiously tapping against the floor. A gasp,
then another, accompanied by horrible cries, then the withdrawal of the flat
heads, whose fangs are still oozing, and which seem to observe the effect of
their attacks. One after the other, they are pricked, and each bite greeted by
the crowd injects a little more venom in Agatha's heart. It's Sulpicia who now
has to comfort her trembling body, she who comforted the others so much.

She
can't help for long. The centurions seize her, pushing her at the end of their
lances just like the cattle is prickled to move on. The last Christian women,
except Agatha, are presented to the jubilant crowd while Sulpicia is prepared
in the gladiators calling room. The tall youngster has the privilege to choose
her weapons. She takes a scutulum, kind of small shield which will enable her
to avoid the blows from beast claws, as well as from a trident. Completely
naked, she refuses the mail coat which is offered to her, in order not to be
weighed down. She now watches with piercing eyes the gladiator who is facing
her. He can recognize an exceptional woman, and he quietly gives her some brief
advice, from fighter to fighter. 

When
she enters the arena, the last Christian females, a mother and her three young
girls, are perched at the top of the turris which is facing Nero. They are
chained together, as welded for a tragic set-piece. They raise their arms to
the sky to beseech the forgiveness of their God and a fast death. Echoing their
prayers, a roaring comes from the beasts area. While Sulpicia is still
disoriented by the vastness of the arena, she can also hear the sinister
warning. She runs immediately towards the start of the footbridge. Just in
time.

&nbsp;

Three
Galilea lions, large males whose broad manes flap like banners, nimbly move in
front of her. They observe her idly, almost bored, while purring gently. They
move cunningly on her sides, to test her. With each bolder dash, they meet a
trident fork pointed firmly under their snouts. They gradually grow irritated,
impatient to obtain the food which they have been promised. They have not been
not fed for three days. The odor of the young Christian's menstrual blood,
which spreads on the sand, brutally pokes their appetite. With a big roar, the
youngest leaps on Sulpicia. Under the crowd's cheering, she steps sideway at
the last time and the beast passes over her head, while she rewards him with a
vigorous trident blow. The lion lets out an horrible howling of rage while
falling down on the ground. He's seriously wounded and licks his deep wounds
furiously. An old male has expertly observed the first blood running. While
Sulpicia goes back in guard, he curves his run at the last moment. The power of
the young athlete enables her to follow the run until the end, and to present again
the harpoon points in front of the animal's snout. She darts her weapon like a
whip lash. An astonished shout from the crowd. The beasts shakes her head
wildly, he has lost an eye. For the first time, the crowd seems to support one
of the Christian women, and Nero, as a cunny politician, does not miss this
subtle change. Sulpicia is alerted by the warnings of crowd, but she turns over
just a little too late. Claws seize her legs, and she rolls on the ground. The
last beast hesitates a little, then crosses the footbridge under the anguished
cries of the crowd.

&nbsp;

Marcus
Gaius seizes the arms of Clodia and her friend Fulvia: �She's her! I can
recognize her�. 

�Which
one?�. 

�She
and the others, they are actresses. Yes, you must remember them, Plauto's play,
in the Via Appia theatre! �. 

�It's
horrible, all these young actresses who charmed us so much� They finished
completely exhausted, it was so hot�. 

�Oh,
no, not them! ! ! I even went to congratulate the one who played Athena�. 

�Marcus,
you must go see Nero and request him mercy, for this one at least�. 

&nbsp;

Agatha
slowly emerges from her dazed state. She passes her head through the bars,
letting the light northern breeze refresh her feverish cheeks. As in a dream,
she has watched Sulpicia crossing the cursed barrier. She has now regained her
wits. Her body starts to gently vibrate with her friend's first feints. When
she falls to the ground, brought down by the leg blow, Agatha shakes the bars
like a mad woman. Without even realizing what she is doing, she tooks the key
forgotten in a corner and leaves the cell.

Nobody
in sight. All the gladiators and slaves are watching the spectacle from a
cabin, a bit higher up. She emerges on the arena, under cries of surprise. A
splendid, naked Juno, she seizes a long mirmillon�s sword and covers her noble
face with a helmet in the shape of a fish head. 

Sulpicia
is wrestling in a powerful embrace with the fallen beast. She tries to avoid
the claw blows which streak her sides and the stinking bites which lacerate her
breasts. She is now severely wounded and her pain screams mix with the beast
roars. Calpurnia poses her hand on Drusilla's shoulder. At the same time,
thousands of Romans are holding their breath. Laying in his triclinium, the
three-places bed, Nero himself has pushed back the slave who is fondling his
rod gently, hidden by magnificent hangings woven in golden thread. Captivated
by the uncertain duel, he rises and leans on the railing.

Agatha
distracts the old male before he jumps on Sulpicia. She keeps turning around
him, pressing him to cross the footbridge. The beast shakes his mane wildly,
trying to get rid of his ruined eye which is hanging loosely. Frenzied by the
pain and rage, half blinded, he charges without care. Sulpicia is slowly
weakening. A claw has found her side. It remains embedded in her flesh, which
it is mauling in jerks. With a supreme effort, her hand finds the end of the
trident behind her head. She finds the strength to seize it and stab furiously
the blood-dripping mane. 

The
last lion arrives at the top of the turris by smelling the track of the young
Christians. Excited by the shouting crowd, he leaps immediately on the
prostrated family, which scatters amid screams. He quickly moves against the
chosen prey, and his snout slips down towards the pubis of the young woman. His
powerful jaws close on the vulva fleshy lips, while the martyr shrieks and hits
the killing snout with her small fists.

&nbsp;

Sulpicia
manages to push away the dying beast, whose cold fur seems to cling to her
flesh, and she staggers to her feet. Agatha strucks a sword blow which deflects
the old male frantic course. His snout terribly slashed, a broken fang, he
howls while he scatters myriads of blood droplets in the azure air. Then he
charges again. Agatha accepts the deadly challenge. She runs towards him and
abruptly stops his charge. A knee on the ground brushing her breast, she sinks
her weapon in the lion's heart. 

Sulpicia
has collapsed. She bathes in her own blood, arms spread. Carried by the impact,
her hand still contracted on the massive sword, Agatha rises up and pulls free
the heavy bronze sword. She cuts down at the panting body, time and again. Then
she runs towards her friend. She raises her head, but Sulpicia finds the force
to push her back: �The others�. �, before closing again her eyes forever.

The
crowd is on the brink of hysteria when Agatha crosses the footbridge. Her feet
seem to fly on the footbridge and to rebound on the oak logs with each tread.
She encounters a disaster. Two of the sisters lie dying, the last is seriously
wounded, and the beast in turning away from the mother's body to complete his
work. Agatha has been clever enough to put the sun to her back, and this
dazzles the young, impatient and satisfied male. He advances slowly, grunting
in a low tone. Agatha moves back to the edge of the turris. She excites him
with her sword, and the beast plays with the point like a cat with a woollen
ball. Then she suddenly lunges forward and to her side. The young beast howls
in anger, his quivering and sensitive snout notched. He instantly leaps
forward, facing the sun. The prey evades him, the blazing shade opens her arms,
and the lion falls down, a deadly fall streaked with terror.

The
crowd remains dumb with surprise. Then her name soars up, taken at first by
hundreds, then by thousands of throats: �AGATHA - AGATHA - � and soon a clamour
�AGATHA, AGATHA, AGATHA �.

&nbsp;

Regulus
very quickly joins Nero in his lodge, because he can scent the danger. Quite
simply, he can't allow to live the only one who heard him promising to kill
Nero, to conquer her heart. Nero's soft cheeks are shaking with spite.
Everywhere the acclamations rise, claiming mercy for the stupid Christian woman
who has ruined the games, perfect until now. It has just gotten rid of Marcus Gaius
at the door of his cabin, and is hesitating since a long moment. Regulus
perceives his embarrassment and whispers some words to his ear. Relieved, Nero
leans over the platform: 

�Romans,
I have just learned that these infamous Christians, not satisfied with having
burned your houses and your temples, sacrificed to their wretched God some
babies, in the residence of the noble senator Albus, after having killed him�
He stops, conscious of his effect, before continuing with a voice broken by the
emotion �I require solemnly of you, oh Romans, which fate for these monsters?
�. �DEATH�, answers the unanimous and upset crowd. Agatha screams in vain to
cover the lies of her sisters' assassin. Her vain protest is carried away by
the thundering tide of the plebs curses. Nero takes his time to confront the
woman who has defied, even for a short moment, the will of the living God. Then
his thumb turns slowly over and points towards the ground. Two centurions go up
to the turris. They are armed with a net to capture the rebel, but they will
not need it. Agatha remains sitting, but Clodia leaves her seat, seized by
nerves. Marcus Gaius, troubled by Nero's irritation, runs behind her in the
corridor which skirts the vomitorium.

A burst of general laughter greets the entry of
a young lion, a stray latecomer who was still sleeping a few minutes before. He
smells the carcasses of his kindred for a few moments, then leans on Sulpicia,
shaking her corpse with little, cautious leg blows.

Drusilla hears a childish voice rising a little
lower and to her right: �Mom, look at that poor lion which does not have her
Christian�. Instead of giggling like everyone around her, Drusilla finally
takes her decision. She raises her cousin's arm, placed around her neck, and
releases herself from the disgusting contact. She knows that sooner or later,
she will find her own way to the catacombs. 

&nbsp;

Chapter VII Seventh day - The martyrdom of
Saint Agatha 

&nbsp;

Clodia is nervously shaking her fan, while
waiting in her hand-chair. She has just noticed a silhouette moving with the
hesitant steps of a sleepwalker through the magnificent portic of the Coliseum.
Her glance wanders on the carceres, the enclosures of the monument, and is
veiled when the cruel clamours go up. The approaching girl is crying in
silence. Clodia raises the light curtain to silently open her door. She takes
Drusilla in her arms. The plebeian girl and the patrician woman need not
exchanging a single word.

&nbsp;

�This
last morning, in the lodges occupied by the courtesans, the rising breeze moves
a sea of umbellae, broad colourful umbrellas stoically held by slaves, happy
not to be themselves in the arena. It's a holiday, because the revolt of the
Christians will be definitively crushed with the torment of the one marked by
Nero as the last queen of the sect, a small putative girl of this Jesus
Iscariote. The four turris have burned all through the night, illuminating with
infernal flames the slaves who were building an immense platform square made
with oaks. It is crowned by another, smaller but circular, and able to swivel
on a carefully lubricated axis. Approximately five meters from the ground, well
visible from everywhere, a large Saint Andrew's cross was drawn up. 

&nbsp;

The centurions assigned to the torment of
Agatha prepare in the ergastulum, the room where slaves are punished. They are
the last three who have not participated in any torment. Marcellus Aurelius is
the elder. He regrets bitterly that the lions did not take the life from
Agatha, because all would be over by now. He was one of the guards which killed
the Christian babies in Albus' villa, to avenge the senator's murder. Today
that his thirst for revenge is appeased, he is shaken by Nero's lie and the courage
of the Christian women. The cuttlefish ink covers the large panel fixed on a
turris, which reports Agatha's crimes. An ashaming epitaph, the tyrant's lies
raise nevertheless an indignation wave, and the murmurs become clamours when
Agatha enters the arena. Some exhalted try to cross the spina, the track which
separates them from the arena, but they must move back when the pilums of the
centurions threaten them.

�Clodia
sits down at her husband's side. She whispers something to his ear. She has to
repeat it twice, before he incredulously turns to Fulvia and explains her how
Albus actually died. The conspiracy of the patricians begins at this precise
moment. 

&nbsp;

Marcellus Aurelius is not appointed to take
part in Agatha's first torments. He holds without violence the arm of this
superb woman who firmly advances towards the center of the arena. Something is
happening to him. He still does not know what is it. He just wishes that all
could end very quickly, a blow of sword and a drunken evening with whores to forget
everything. The other centurion is about to push Agatha to make her climb the
steps of the estrade, but she evades him, climbs them quickly and speaks with a
strong voice: �People of Rome, my brothers, the Christians are innocent of
Regulus' crimes. I die for my God. Pray for me�. 

Nero gasps. Regulus turns pale. They both know
that the moral strength of the Christian woman has moved a crowd which starts
to remember again the splendid combat that she fought against the lions. They
do not need to confer to know how much important it's that she abjures from her
faith. Regulus goes down quickly to the arena. The moistness of the atmosphere
is exceptional for an end of morning. 

Drusilla has also returned. She is not beside
Calpurnia. She seeks in the crowd some faces ready to cry like her. There are
now as many impassive faces as masks of hatred or lubricity. 

&nbsp;

The two impassive legionaries have seized
Agatha. She does not want to be touched more than necessary, and she undresses
herself. She contemplates the stupid mob looking at such a beauty, her arms
swinging, without provocation. The women are at the same time jealous in front
of this perfect body, and touched by such a virginal grace. A few human beasts
simply enjoy the spectacle of these forms which to their eyes will be always
lustful, and out of reach. They comfort themselves with great draughts of wine,
and they bite at meat sticks as if Agatha's breasts were filling their mouths.
Now, the most excited dare to relieve themselves only in the stinking latrinae.

While the stola dropped by Agatha flies away in
the nervous breeze, Regulus crosses the staircase with big strides. His face is
hidden by one of these masks of fury, so familiar to Agatha and used by the
Greek histrions. He spits his orders and Agatha is soon strapped to the rough
branches of the cross, head down. The superb body swings a few moments, trying
to find its place. Men hit their mates with the elbow, commenting on the
suggestive swaying, but Marcellus Aurelius looks away. Like Clodia, he has
learned from some centurions that Regulus killed Albus with his own hands. His
universe is cracking up. 

In the patrician lodges circulate murena eggs
marinated in spiced olive oil, and an insane rumour spreads along the
deambulatorium. On the edges of the Tiber, within a few miles of the suburbs, a
large black cloud rakes the dust and the leaves.

&nbsp;

�Regulus
contemplates a few moments the splendid body which he possessed and which he
has to ruin now, because, surely, Agatha will resist for a long time. His
fingers brush the fine and muscular hip of his lover. All women in the arena
perceive it without knowing why, it's as if they felt loved at the same moment.
They all hold their breath in hatred, love, respect or tenderness. He holds his
hand and it's Marcellus Aurelius who is closer to the wooden pliers. The other
centurion starts to poke the brazier where the pincers will turn red-hot. With
a neutral heart, he has melted a lead bar in a brownish clay bowl. Regulus
leans one moment on the beautiful face which begins to slightly flush. �You can
still stop everything: abjure now and become my slave forever�. Agatha becomes
pale and closes her eyes without answering. Regulus regretfully moves slowly
back. �Centurion, do your job�.

&nbsp;

�Drusilla
has dared covering her ears with her hands, not wishing to hear Agatha's first
screams. When she reopens her eyes, ready to be seized, she realizes with
surprise that nobody has noticed her gesture, so divided is the crowd in its
reactions. 

The other centurion is doing his work
thoroughly. At first he has caressed the long retracted nipples, playing with
the breast tips and stretching them, raising the full and firm tits. This
ritual preparation is incredibly erotic, because the sweating skin frequently
slips under the soldier's rough fingers. To be finally effective, the torturer
ends up holding with a firm hand the left breast, forcing the nipple to bulge
out. The women held their breath at this precise moment, when the leather bit
of the pliers seize the delicate breast tip. The centurion seems to hesitate
one moment, as seized by a doubt. He regains his wits very quickly and firmly
clamp down the jaws of his terrible instrument. 

Agatha's scream is terrible. The centurion has
instructions not to tear off the nipple, which retracts, badly chewed up, and
sweat beads slip down the young martyr's face. She is still groaning when her
other breast is equally devastated. Her continuing howls strike the crowd,
because they come from a courageous fighter, and many start to identify
themselves with her torment. The air is becoming heavy.

�Regulus
pushes back the centurion. He hisses between his teeth: �That's nothing for
now, you still will be able to nourish your children if you want to live. Do
it, abjure��. Time seems to become still in the arena. A singular luminosity
lights the Coliseum, as if the sun was prematurely throwing its last rays of
the day. Two thin blood trails ooze from the aureolas mangled by the infernal
pliers. They are spreading on the admirable face, weaving a savage mask of
pain. Agatha groans �I loved you� GO TO HELL�. 

Regulus takes care to satisfy all the public.
He gestures to the slaves appointed with slowly making turn the gear. Their
sandals deeply inserted in the sand, arching with their pushing effort, the
chest driving the large bars which resemble the circular rudder of a ship. Amid
the crowd, some start to shout �Abjure, Agatha ! ! ! Abjure, Agatha ! ! ! �. 

A slave has just helped Nero to vomit, to make
place for an excellent cake of honeyed bilberries from Sicily. He is displeased
with the turning of events, but the position of the Christian woman inspires to
him an evil idea for better ridiculing her. He pushes back the analecta, the
slave appointed to collect the remainders of the meals. His orders hammered at
the ear of a large eunuch are short and precise. Before Regulus gives the order
to re-start the torment, his eyes raised towards the threatening horizon, a
Nero slave goes up in great strides on the platform. The huge mandinga shakes
his shoulders, letting his rough sisura fall down, and remains naked in front
of the crowd, revealing an exceptional size, even for a black. The men laugh
with jealousy, wishing to be armed themselves with such a club to whip Agatha's
buttocks. But the huge sex tosses from one buttock to another, an ebony liana
which can only whip but unable to penetrate. The distress of the large negro is
almost comic now. He awkwardly tries to introduce his rod, too large, too soft,
in the smaller of the openings offered to him. Under the hootings of the crowd,
he ends up giving up, his face crimson. The word of miracle starts to spread in
some steps. 

The archers are waiting for the black giant at
the feet of the platform. Their bow-strings are quickly loosened. While the
huge corpse is carried away to the tigers, Regulus approaches again: �You
bewitched him, didn't you, bloody Christian? Very well, you will regret that
this sex did not penetrate you�.

&nbsp;

�Marcus
Aurelius feels an enormous weight on his chest, to which is added the very low
atmospheric pressure. He is tired, is tired beyond any understanding. But he
rises nevertheless to seize a hollow ox horn. 

He has just gone up on the platform and his
eyes have found the young woman's intense glance. Don't do it, she appears to
say with her huge green eyes, which he cannot leave any more, although they are
upside down. Softly, he slowly introduces the point of the horn, careful of not
wounding the tender opening with the asperities of its notched edges. He has
not yet taken the decision with his mind, but his body has already started
protecting the young martyr. 

With a mechanical step, he goes down again to
seek the molten lead bucket which is still bubbling. He slowly goes up on the
platform and then he becomes completely still. The crowd perceives by instinct
that something is about to happen. From afar, a thunderclap seems to signal the
start of the disaster. Very quickly, Marcus Aurelius throws the bowl and its
contents against Regulus. He leaps down the steps, while seizing a pilum, and
rushes towards the imperial lodge. From every corner lances and arrows come
whistling. His body pierced, the centurion launches his pilum in a supreme and
terrible effort. The heavy lance, driven in the doric column, quivers a long
moment over Nero's head. Lying on the floor, the king of the world has soiled
himself. 

The hallucinated glance of the legionary
alerted Regulus just in time, and his combat instinct made him step back. A
split second was enough for him to escape the burning rain. Some drops end
consuming his tunic, which he furiously throws behind. The crowd starts to
thunder, in echo with the thunderclaps which are coming closer, a kind of deafening
murmur of reprobation, from where only a few acclamations rise up, asking for
the torment of the martyr to begin again.

�Nero has
changed clothes very quickly, he throws his soiled peplum on the face of the
large eunuch. The slave already knows that he will be dead this evening, for
having witnessed the tyrant's weakness. Regulus feels that the deep heart of
the crowd is changing. The torment should be accelerated, even if Agatha is to
perish before having denied her God. A sharp wind seems to send in vanguard
some rain drops. He removes his helmet and leans on Agatha. He looks for an
instant at the grotesque outgrowth which covers the beloved mound. With no more
hesitation, he gives it a violent blow of his fist. 

�HAA�, makes Agatha, while letting out a long
moaning. The horn has almost disappeared at the bottom of her vagina, painfully
blocked by the collar of her matrix. Only the edge is visible, a disconcerting
white collar perched at the top of an exuberant jungle. It is a vulva of bone
which seems to yawn for the whole arena. A smoking handle is handed over to
Regulus by the last centurion. The women can almost feel the noxious touch of
the molten lead, but it's not in the Saturn temple that this priest will make
the offering. Regulus raises the ladle very high, within sight of everyone and
especially of Agatha. The burning liquid runs gently. The first drops hesitate
over the edges of the horn, have time to smoke and cool off, embroidering a
silver-plated collar which thickens very quickly. The flow accelerates a
little. A sudden start and a long wail let the crowd know that the delicate
membranes have just been attacked. A small cloud of smoke escapes, in rhythm
with the jets which seem to strike the perfect body. They punctuate the
suffering which upsets the admirable forms for the pleasure of crowd. 

&nbsp;

A deaf cracking splits the heart of the less
cruel people. The tendons of Agatha's members, seized with pain, are yielding
one after the other, because the fire has started to reach her entrails. Her
shrieks touch even Regulus. The lips torn by her own bites murmur: �Kill me�.
now, right now! !�. 

�First you must abjure, don't be obstinated� �.
The face, disfigured by the suffering, falls down. Regulus needs a diversion,
he must gain back the crowd's feelings. His fingers seize with care the edge of
the horn, and he pulls it back. When he raises his head, he is surprised to see
how much the horizon has been covered by the black cloud. He moves aside now to
let the centurion do his work, careful not to hinder Nero's view. 

The red-hot pincers are shining in the arena,
because the sun has withdrawn completely. 

��ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz�.
�Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh�.

��ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz�.
�Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh�.

��ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz�.
�Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh�.

��ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz�.
�Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh�. 

Ten, twenty times, the horrible sizzling
precedes the scream of agony. Every time the pincers seem to be seeking for a
target a few seconds, but this is only to let the Christian woman better enjoy
the waiting. The first to cover with unpleasant blisters of scarlet pus are the
sides of the proud nipples, after the wooden bites have left bluish trails over
them. Then these blisters are thoroughly crushed, and the newly heated pliers
come biting more deeply at the scraps of flesh of the young servant of God. In
spite of the violent swinging of her bust to escape them, the fire kisses
gradually destroy the luscious breasts. They accompany them without respite in
their frantic movements, which now are slowing down. Larger pliers are awaiting
their turn, and the women have understood from the beginning their tragic
function.

�Regulus
tries to score a success. He pushes back the dedicated centurion. His hand
plunges in the outraged slit. He shows to the silent crowd the moulding of the
profaned sex. The dark sculpture looks like a representation of rape and evil.
Another lead cover seems to weigh on the arena. The crowd lowers the head under
a first lightning flash. Displeased with the failed effect, Regulus seizes
himself a pair of enormous pincers. 

�YYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH�. He has seized a
smoking long nipple, and is crushing it while turning his instrument. He now
pulls a little, then strongly and strongly. He steps back when the nipple and
its broad aureola come off at the same time, blackened with burned blood.
Regulus hears a murmur of extatic anguish: �Quo vadis, Domine?�

&nbsp;

�The
centurion has revived Agatha with salts. It's him who tears off the other
nipple, he has bit more deeply in the flesh and puts some effort to twist and
tear the muscle. Regulus turns his head to weight the feeling of this plebs
from which himself has risen, and his instinct lets him know that something
serious is happening. A darkness like the end of the world seems to have fallen
down on the arena. A light rain makes its appearance. Regulus does not have
even a glance for the superb, devastated body. His arm rises to shorten the
butchery and he plunges himself the sword in the beloved belly, from the
mutilated sex to the sternum. A haruspice hastens to excavate the entrails with
his wooden culticula, in order to predict the future as Nero has ordered him.
He soon raises a face gray with concern and chooses a lie: �Caesar, I have seen
your long life, you will be surrounded by the love and respect of your whole
people�. Nero rises up. He greets the crowd without knowing that his days are
counted too. Without knowing that the Seventh legion, under command of Consul Alba
is one day march away, and that the time is coming when he will have to beg a
faithful slave to help him sink a sword into his own chest. 

A downpour is now driving the crowd out. 

&nbsp;

THE END

&nbsp;

���������������������������������������������� �00035439

���� ������������������������Sceau officiel CopyrightDepot.com �mis
���������������������������������������
le 02 04 04 � 15:12 (HE)

������������������������������� Consulter le site CopyrightDepot.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














                                                        Moriturae te
salutant

 
  lionrobe
   jim
  2
  12
  2007-02-11T23:15:00Z
  2007-02-11T23:15:00Z
  1
  18262
  104099
  myself
  867
  244
  122117
  10.2625
 

 
  21
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








�������������������������������������������������������
Moriturae te salutant

��������������������������������������������� 

&nbsp;

Chapitre I Premier jour. An 64-Rome en flammes. 

&nbsp;

- N�ron

&nbsp;

Rome est en flammes. Depuis le d�but de la soir�e. La
pl�be a �t� impuissante, les cort�ges de porteurs d�eaux se sont �puis� en vain
� isoler les baraques en bois des faubourgs. Puis les maisons en briques se
sont embras�es, les �curies ont lib�r� des cohortes de chevaux affol�s.

Les eucalyptus centenaires des avenues principales
dressent un triomphe incandescent � la foule h�b�t�e qui pi�tine devant les
cendres des �choppes. Les thermes et les amphith��tres aux robustes colonnes
abritent une population cosmopolite qui se lamente et gronde.

Des patriciennes se lient avec des prostitu�es. Des
acteurs encore par�s de leurs masques de sc�ne boivent dans la m�me gourde que
des l�gionnaires. Et la rumeur gronde de plus en plus fort �les chr�tiens- les
chr�tiens- LES�CHRE�TIENS.

&nbsp;

Devant sa petite cour d�esclaves et de familiers,
N�ron est accoud� � la balustrade du jardin suspendu sur le toit de son palais.
Il contemple comme en plein jour une Rome dont chaque d�tail d�ombre et de feu
envahit ses pupilles dilat�es. Des brindilles incandescentes m�lang�es � de
rares lucioles affol�es, qu�il chasse d�un revers de main apais�, descendent
lentement d�un plafond d��toiles.

Il a craint toute la journ�e la pluie, qui aurait
g�ch� le tableau vivant que le Dieu est en train de composer pour ses sujets.
Il a craint aussi la maladresse de ses sicaires, charg�s de r�pandre le feu
dans la ville et le poison dans les esprits.

Il sourit et se retourne en fixant un grand parterre
d�immenses roses nacr�es venues de Sicile.

&nbsp;

Afsilla est en train de rire avec Regulus, le chef de
sa garde pr�torienne. Il surprend une complicit� un peu trop marqu�e, une
inflexion particuli�re de ce rire. Afsilla sait qu�il l�a vue, elle rit plus
fort maintenant, comme si elle avait entendu une de ces histoires lestes dont
seules les esclaves ont le droit de rire.

Se frayant un passage au milieu des gardes, qui ont
d�pos� leur casque dans la chaleur de cette nuit unique, elle s�approche de
lui, sans surtout baisser les yeux. Il se retourne.

&nbsp;

�Les flammes qui
approchent maintenant le Colis�e ont perdu de leur vigueur. Elles s��moussent
sur les pierres des palais et des maisons les plus nobles. Les beaux quartiers
sont en train de remporter la bataille. Les senteurs capiteuses des fleurs
africaines m�l�es aux jeunes pousses d�aneth, emplissent de nouveau l�odorat
d�licat du roi du monde.

Une main glisse doucement sous sa toge en soulevant
les replis de son ventre. Les lourdes nattes d�Afsilla, soigneusement torsad�es
de torques d�or, ont envahi ses cuisses. 

Il n�a pas besoin de baisser les yeux pour voir les
l�vres gonfl�es de la jeune �thiopienne s�emparer de son membre. Il n�entend
plus rouler les tesserae, les d�s lanc� par les v�t�rans des guerres
d�Espagne. Il a ferm� les yeux et sait que tous les regards sont fix�s sur son abolla,
son manteau de guerre qui prot�ge l�acte sublimement impudique. 

Afsilla est tr�s excit�e elle aussi, il a compris que
ses doigts n�ont quitt� son membre que pour se porter � la rencontre de son
clitoris. Son p�nis est tr�s petit, mais Afsilla, en experte fellatrice, est
toujours parvenue � �tirer d�mesur�ment son membre viril, sans le blesser, en
faisant d�abord descendre doucement sa langue le long de son filet, puis,
empal�e jusqu�� la gorge, en aga�ant la base de ses bourses d�une pointe
dard�e, avant de remonter lentement en aspirant de toutes ses forces les
premi�res gouttes incolores mais d�j� �cres. 

N�ron ne peut pas g�mir en public, mais il se sent
happ�, vid� par chaque succion plus prolong�e. Juste avant qu�il ne se rende,
Afsilla rel�che sa pression, car elle n�est pas tout � fait pr�te � venir
elle-m�me. Il sent que le rythme qu�elle imprime � son index s�est acc�l�r�,
car il en subit le d�licieux �cho par sa langue, qui virevolte de plus en plus
follement autour de son gland, dans des cercles concentriques de plus en plus
resserr�s, qui se sont d�plac� du tour de son pr�puce pour venir violer
maintenant son m�at b�ant.

Lorsque Afsilla resserre ses cuisses, elle sent une
premi�re longue gicl�e de sperme tr�s �pais frapper le fond de sa gorge. Elle
se penche en avant et �prouve les contractions de la verge qui se vide. Sa main
lib�r�e s�est port� sur les augustes testicules, qu�elle a recueilli, petites
noix fragiles, pour accompagner leurs ultimes soubresauts. N�ron n�a pu
s�emp�cher de s�incliner sur la t�te de sa ma�tresse, comme s�il craignait que
la puissance de l�aspiration d�Afsilla emporte une partie vitale de son �tre.

&nbsp;

- Afsilla 

&nbsp;

Afsilla �merge des t�n�bres. Elle voit en se
redressant, au dessus de son menton lourd, de son nez aquilin, le long regard
que N�ron porte sur Regulus.

Regulus, au beau masque tragique, qui la contemple
maintenant avec d�sespoir. Dans le ricochet de ces regards �chang�s sans un
mot, Afsilla a compris son sort. Elle pose sa main sur le bras de N�ron,
faussement enjou�e pour gagner du temps �&nbsp;C�sar, c�est bon d�avoir bu � ta
sant�&nbsp;!&nbsp;�.

N�ron se d�gage fermement, sans violence. Il resserre
la ceinture de son manteau et s�approche de Regulus. Il murmure quelques mots �
son oreille. Regulus, le visage bl�me, sait que sa loyaut� ne peut �tre prouv�e
que dans le ch�timent de sa trahison. Il ferme les yeux quelques instants. Puis
il donne des ordres brefs dans leur langue � deux mercenaires scythes.

N�ron s�est l�g�rement recul� pour mieux appr�cier le
spectacle qu�il a command�. Il butte contre un buffet au trois quart servi et
plonge la main dans un plat de langues de porc confites avec des p�tales de
violettes. Il donne un ordre � un esclave qui part en courant.

Les deux mercenaires se sont empar� d�Afsilla, qui est
rest� stupidement au centre d�un cercle dont tout le monde s�est soigneusement
�cart�. Elle ne peut pas croire ce qui va lui arriver, ce qu�elle a d�j� vu des
dizaines de fois. Son jeune corps plein de vie, encore fr�missant de son
orgasme, ne peut tout simplement pas admettre ce que son esprit affol� tente de
lui communiquer.

Lorsqu�ils lient ses �paules d��b�ne faites pour
porter les cha�nes, elle ne r�siste pas. Anesth�si�e, elle se laisse diriger
sous la branche basse et �paisse d�un gigantesque m�l�ze dont les aiguilles
compactes apportent un peu de fra�cheur dans la touffeur nocturne.

Elle frissonne lorsque les maillons glac�s
s�incrustent sous les aisselles, s�enroulent autour de ses coudes, et tirent
sur ses poignets. Elle est lentement soulev�e de terre et entend l�acier racler
l��corce du conif�re. Elle cherche un regard ami. La haine, la jalousie, le
stupre, seront ses derni�res visions. L�un des scythes a amen� deux gros fouets
en cuir de rhinoc�ros. Elle est presque soulag�e. Ainsi, N�ron veut juste la
punir de l�avoir tromp�&nbsp;? Elle en pleurerait presque de joie.

Elle n�a pas vu venir dans son dos deux l�gionnaires,
qui ont plant� dans le sol, juste sous ses jambes, leur lourd pilum.

La large extr�mit� arrondie des bouts en ch�ne, qui se
touchent presque, luit sous la lune. Elle prend conscience de leur pr�sence en
m�me temps qu�elle descend tout doucement. Elle pousse un long hurlement de
terreur qui fait tressauter ses lourdes mamelles aux larges ar�oles
naturellement violac�es.

�&nbsp;Noooooon, pas comme �a, tuez moi tout de
suiiiiite&nbsp;�

�Les scythes ont
�cart� sans m�nagement ses cuisses, qu�ils maintiennent fermement, tandis
qu�ils introduisent les pals dans la chair vive.

Ses pores dilat�s exhalent un lourd parfum de terreur
absolue. Le premier pieu glisse rapidement dans sa matrice lubrifi�e et vient
tout de suite heurter douloureusement le col de son ut�rus. C�est presque avec
soulagement qu�elle sent son anus, p�n�tr� � son tour, partager l�insoutenable
pression. Elle se retient de hurler sa r�volte et sa peur, �conomise son
souffle, attentive � tout mouvement qui risquerait de propager l�onde de
douleur dans son corps voluptueux.

Millim�tre par millim�tre, l�un des l�gionnaires
laisse descendre la cha�ne.

N�ron a pris la lyre que lui a tendu d�une main
tremblante son esclave. Il caresse les cordes sur le m�me rythme lent que le
l�gionnaire, jusqu�� ce qu�il finisse par dicter lui-m�me le tempo de la
descente. 

Afsilla transpire abondamment. Ses cuisses et ses
chevilles ont engag� un combat sans espoir pour accrocher le bois trop bien
poli par l�usage. Au d�but, elle a cru que ses doigts de pied, ses ongles,
pourraient accrocher quelques veinules. Mais elle a tr�s vite gliss� et elle
sent maintenant que ses organes sont au point de rupture. Elle commence �
g�mir. 

La foule contemple avec fascination les larges rigoles
de sueur qui brillent sur la peau presque noire et tombent goutte � goutte sur
le sol.

�&nbsp;AAAAAHHH&nbsp;�. Afsilla a pouss� un cri
farouche. La pointe du pal vient de traverser une membrane. Elle pleure sa
douleur insupportable. Du sang se m�lange bient�t � la sueur du corps travers�
de spasmes. Les cuisses t�tanis�es parviennent � s�arc bouter sur un n�ud dans
une r�bellion d�sesp�r�e pour ralentir la progression de son corps sur les deux
phallus.

Un fouet claque sur la croupe callypige dans la nuit
immobile.

�&nbsp;Nerooooon&nbsp;�.

Le second coup trouve la base de sa forte poitrine.

�&nbsp;NEROOOON&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;� Elle se
raidit dans une contraction sauvage, ses jambes se d�tendent un court instant
avant de se raffermir brutalement et elle pousse un cri d�chirant qui a couvert
l�accord dissonant de la lyre. Elle vient de rel�cher un long jet d�urine qui
coule le long de la lance et se m�lange � son sang. 

Les spectateurs se sont inconsciemment rapproch�, car
ils savent qu�Afsilla ne pourra lutter plus longtemps.

Ce sont deux coups de fouet qui ont claqu� ensemble
cette fois, les scythes visent l�un la base des mamelles, l�autre leur sommet,
ils les compriment en m�me temps qu�ils les cinglent, et les d�chirent en
ramenant vers eux la lani�re. 

Les pals se sont enfonc� brutalement d�un pied de
long. Afsilla hurle, d�un hurlement de petite fille qui paralyse les plus
jalouses des autres esclaves. Maintenant, ses jambes tremblent et ne s�opposent
plus � la lente descente de son corps convuls� de soubresauts incroyablement
�rotiques.

Du sang et des f�ces s��coulent de ses orifices. La
douleur la suffoque au del� de tout entendement. Cette douleur que la pression
des pals repousse toujours plus loin, toujours plus haut dans son corps.

Son sein droit vient d��tre ouvert, et les femmes se
sont cach� le visage, tandis que certains l�gionnaires ont os� applaudir
puisque le Dieu vivant semblait content. Un autre coup bien vis� dans le m�me
sillon d�coupe une plaie b�ante.

Afsilla contemple son sein presque tranch� qui pend
sur son nombril. Elle n�a plus tout � fait conscience de la ruine de son corps,
plus peur de mourir. Son esprit est en train de s�obscurcir.

La cha�ne descend un peu plus vite, N�ron accompagne
les accords de sa lyre de quelques strophes que la beaut� du corps supplici�
lui inspire.

La foule pousse un �&nbsp;oh&nbsp;� de surprise amus�e
lorsque la pointe d�un pal �merge de l�aine
d�Afsilla.&nbsp;�AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH&nbsp;� Des commentaires bruyants parient sur
l�apparition de l�autre.

�&nbsp;YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEHH&nbsp;� la pointe oblongue et
�rig�e de son sein gauche vient d��tre d�capit�e.

�Afsilla n�est
pas encore morte, ses entrailles sont simplement �cart�es par le bout arrondi
qui n�a pas touch� le c�ur. Elle n�a plus la force de g�mir, elle ne sent plus
les derniers coups de fouets assen�s sans r�elle conviction, qui ont arrach� en
lambeaux ses mamelles dont l�essentiel g�t sous ses jambes. Il lui reste encore
tout juste assez de lucidit� pour sentir le pieu perforer en m�me temps ses
entrailles, son diaphragme et trouver sa trach�e art�re apr�s avoir sembl�
h�siter quelques instants. Elle est �trangl�e, comme garrott�e lorsque le pal
choque ses dents. 

Elle trouve la
force de d�contracter ses m�choires pour laisser glisser la lance et tombe �
genoux dans ses propres mati�res, ses yeux restent ouverts sur une horreur
indicible ponctu�e d�un dernier accord enfin harmonieux.� 

&nbsp;

Chapitre II
Deuxi�me jour. Des catacombes aux ar�nes.

&nbsp;

- Sous l�aqueduc de
la Via Sicilia

&nbsp;

Agathe passe la main
sur son front mat pour �goutter la m�che rebelle qui s�est �chapp� de sa
somptueuse chevelure d�un brun tr�s profond. Sur le portique en briques ocr�es
qui s�pare le jardin de la riche villa du s�nateur Albus de la Via Appia, elle
distingue l�habituel avertissement �&nbsp;Cave canem&nbsp;�, qui encadre un
chien dessin� dans la mosa�que de fa�ences.

Elle a r�ussi, elle
a men� � bon port la petite troupe de chr�tiens dont le pr�tre Navatonius lui a
confi� la sauvegarde. Il lui a donn� sa b�n�diction dans la derni�re grotte des
catacombes suintantes, en �tendant la paume de sa main protectrice au-dessus du
pauvre troupeau affol�. Puis il est reparti au secours de ses ouailles qui
n�ont pu �chapper � la furie vengeresse des romains.

Elle est fi�re
d�avoir su d�chiffrer le labyrinthe des catacombes, fi�re de la confiance que
lui ont toujours manifest� jusqu�au petit matin les chr�tiens encore stup�faits
par la cruaut� de la populace - leurs propres voisins ou amis - qui les traque
depuis le d�but de la nuit.

Elle est parvenu
ensuite � les guider dans le r�seau des �gouts pestilentiels, la cloaca
maxima, comptant et recomptant sans cesse les retardataires. En queue de la
colonne, elle parvient � discerner, malgr� l�obscurit�, la plupart de ses
amies, membres comme elle d�une petite compagnie de th��tre. Casilda et Elagia,
unies par une tendre passion qu�elle est seule � conna�tre, ferment la marche
et encouragent les plus faibles en portant leurs pauvres biens. Sulpicia, la
robuste fille de ferme, soulage une jeune m�re en portant son nourrisson.
Sophonia et C�cilia, les s�urs gymnastes, encadrent en chantonnant les flancs
de la procession qui serpente dans les souterrains. Les gouttes qui s��coulent
des vo�tes mal liaisonn�es ruissellent davantage � chaque tournant, qui marque
une intersection de deux rues au-dessus de leurs t�tes.

Son nourrisson dans
les bras, Livia l�a rejoint et dit simplement �&nbsp;Merci, Agathe&nbsp;�,
lorsque la lumi�re appara�t � travers un soupirail. Le soleil se l�ve
paresseusement au-dessus de la blanche villa d�Albus, le seul s�nateur chr�tien
de Rome, lorsque les fuyards �mergent des t�n�bres. 

Agathe est
profond�ment soulag�e d�avoir rempli sa mission. Fi�re, heureuse et amoureuse.
Car elle esp�re aussi retrouver Regulus, qu�elle vient enfin de convertir, Regulus,
le centurion au mains si fines, � la voix si douce, si fort quand il la prend
dans ses bras. Elle donnerait sa vie pour partir tr�s loin avec lui ce matin,
puisqu�il lui a promis de quitter N�ron et sa ma�tresse noire.

&nbsp;

- Dans le parc
d�Albus

&nbsp;

Les fleurs
multicolores du parc d�ploient leurs corolles sous la caresse des premiers
rayons et exhalent des parfums inconnus des citadins, mais pas d�Agathe.
Pendant qu�elle traverse lentement les brumes matinales pour reconna�tre les
lieux, Regulus, debout devant une st�le au bord de la piscine carr�e en marbre,
la contemple de loin, le c�ur serr�.

Agathe l�a vu � son
tour, son c�ur s�emballe, elle se met � courir en soutenant sa forte poitrine,
d�abord maladroitement, avant de d�chausser ses sandales pour aller plus vite.
Elle s�arr�te net dans son �lan, stopp�e � quelques m�tres de Regulus par son
regard fixe et implacable. Elle pousse un cri d�horreur lorsqu�il s��carte pour
r�v�ler la st�le. Le s�nateur Albus est allong� derri�re lui, le cou garrott�
autour de la base de la colonne fun�raire.

De tous les arbres
du parc surgissent des soldats qui s�emparent de la centaine de chr�tiens
�gaill�s.

Sur l�ordre de
Regulus, dont la seconde preuve de loyaut� � l�empereur vient d��tre ainsi
donn�e, les m�les, les vieillards et les nourrissons, sont pass�s au fil de
l��p�e parmi les g�missements et hurlements �plor�s des �pouses et des m�res.

Les chr�tiennes
survivantes se tiennent maintenant align�es devant lui. Il passe lentement
leurs rangs en revue. Il a d�tourn� les yeux du regard flamboyant que lui a
lanc� Agathe.

Une id�e lui est
venue, et il murmure un ordre � un l�gionnaire. Il prend par le bras pour les
faire s�avancer en premi�re ligne une dizaine des plus belles chr�tiennes, dont
Agathe et ses amies font partie. Un l�gionnaire revient, porteur de tablettes
de cire et d�un stylet trouv�s dans la biblioth�que d�Albus. Il tend � chaque
chr�tienne l�une des plaques sur lesquelles Regulus leur intime l�ordre de
graver leur nom et pr�nom. Les l�gionnaires enfilent une cordelette dans le
bord sup�rieur des plaquettes qu�ils nouent autour de leurs cous.

C�est un sinistre
cort�ge d�une soixantaine de femmes et de jeunes filles couvertes de poussi�re
que les soldats poussent de leur lance devant eux. Les t�tes basses dissimulent
� peine les macules laiss�es par les sanglots sur leur peau gris�tre.

&nbsp;

- Un apr�s-midi sur
le forum

�

La foule se presse
sous les arcades. Artisans surgis des rues ou des venelles plus petites, marins
dont le bateau a fait escale, matrones des bas-quartiers � la voix avin�e,
forgerons, esclaves affranchis qui jouissent de leur libert� nouvelle ou
charlatans, le bas peuple attir� par la rumeur de la capture des familles
chr�tiennes se h�te vers le forum.

Le h�raut officiel,
chantre des jeux du cirque, recommence toutes les deux minutes sa sinistre
litanie, juch� sous le portique dor� qui s�pare le plus ancien forum de la
ville, celui qui a vu na�tre la R�publique, du Champ de Mars.

�&nbsp;Approchez,
approchez, Romains. N�ron vous invite � assister aux supplices des chr�tiens
qui ont mis le feu � vos demeures. Demain, au Colis�e. En l�honneur des ides de
juillet. Approchez, approchez�&nbsp;�.

Chacun dans la
foule est heureux de se voir ainsi dispens� des traditionnelles offrandes aux
dieux Lares. Des clameurs joyeuses montent de partout.

Clodia, �pouse du
s�nateur Marcus Gaius, a fait arr�ter sa chaise � porteurs. Elle �coute la
rumeur avec son amie Fulvia pendant quelques instants.

-�� �Ah, Fulvia, N�ron sait bien s�y prendre,
d�cid�ment, voil� ce qu�attend le peuple, pas des discours de s�nateur&nbsp;�. 

-�� �Comme tu as raison. Tiens, voici ce que
disait hier encore Juv�nal, dans la biblioth�que des thermes
de&nbsp;Caracalla&nbsp;:-&nbsp;depuis qu�on ne vend plus les suffrages, le
peuple se moque de tout&nbsp;: lui qui, jadis, donnait les pleins pouvoirs, les
faisceaux, les l�gions, tout enfin, ne veut plus que du pain et des jeux, panem
et circenses&nbsp;�. Les cris de joie des badauds couvrent le discours.

Clodia l�ve les
yeux au ciel et h�le un apprenti -boulanger qui pousse un cerceau devant
lui&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
�Qu�est
ce qu�il vient de dire, encore&nbsp;?&nbsp;�. Le jeune gar�on met ses mains en
porte-voix&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
�Il a dit
que ceux qui savent �crire pourront voter et choisir le supplice des
chr�tiennes&nbsp;�.

Atterr�e,
Clodia se renfonce dans son si�ge et fait signe aux porteurs de repartir. Elle
sait qu�elle ne pourra encore une fois se d�rober sans risquer de passer pour
une disciple de ce J�sus-Christ, qui continue de perturber l�ordre �tabli
soixante ans apr�s sa mort. Sa famille a perdu une partie de ses biens lors de
la seconde r�volte des esclaves, et elle sait que les int�r�ts de sa classe
sociale sont incompatibles avec les doctrines des chr�tiens. Elle se r�sout
pensivement � l�id�e d�assister � ces r�jouissances bestiales avant de chasser
de son esprit ces pens�es importunes.

&nbsp;

Chapitre III
Troisi�me jour.� Dans les ar�nes du
Colis�e.

&nbsp;

- L�arriv�e

&nbsp;

Agathe a
naturellement pris la t�te de la petite colonne de prisonni�res qui vient de
passer sous l�arc de triomphe de Constantin. Les derniers vestiges de
l�incendie qui vient de ravager Rome sont maintenant d�pass�s. Follement
inqui�tes, les femmes et les jeunes filles n�ont pas dormi un seul instant la
nuit derni�re. Les hurlements de la foule qui leur compose une terrifiante
garde d�honneur les terrorise. Elles savent bien que si elles n��taient pas
encadr�es par deux lignes de l�gionnaires qui repoussent en permanence les
flots de cette mar�e humaine, elles seraient happ�es et broy�es vives par ces
m�choires haineuses.

A ses c�t�s,
Regulus a install� toutes ses compagnes qui peuvent �tre identifi�es par leurs
noms. Elles semblent soutenir Agathe comme une garde rapproch�e, et elle se
sent plus forte.

Le cort�ge
d�bouche bient�t devant le Colis�e, et comme chaque romain le fait chaque fois,
marque une pause devant l�impressionnante enceinte ext�rieure compos�e de
quatre niveaux, qui peut contenir environ soixante dix mille spectateurs. Tous
les yeux parcourent les quatre-vingt arcades du rez- de chauss�e, avant de
remonter jusqu�au dernier niveau o� des murailles pleines, rythm�es par des
pilastres, sont divis�es en compartiments par�s de boucliers de bronze et
agr�ment�s une fois sur deux de fen�tres carr�es.

Au-dessus
tr�nent les velae, voiles en lin support�es par des m�ts, �tendues pour
prot�ger de la pluie et de la chaleur les nobles spectateurs du dernier rang.

Les
chr�tiennes et la foule se s�parent. 

Les jeune
femmes sont introduites dans les ar�nes par une porte de service qui vient de
s�ouvrir devant elles, tandis que la foule envahit les gradins apr�s avoir
franchi les quatre entr�es principales.

Des
exclamations de surprise fusent de toute part&nbsp;: 

Depuis la
veille, les sapeurs de quatre centuries de la troisi�me l�gion, qui
vient de s�illustrer en Germanie, ont construit de leurs haches quatre turris,
les tours de si�ge � hauteur de murailles, dont les larges plate-formes
dispers�es aux quatre coins de l�ar�ne semblent toucher les gradins m�dians.

N�ron a voulu
que la foule puisse pleinement profiter du supplice des jeunes chr�tiennes depuis
n�importe quel endroit. Il a bien s�r veill� dans son ordonnancement � ce que
les tortures les plus spectaculaires soient appliqu�es dans la tour situ�e
juste en face de la loge imp�riale.

A l�exception
d�Agathe et de ses s�urs, qui les ont rejoint peu apr�s, les chr�tiennes ont
imm�diatement descendu un grand escalier de pierres noircies, froid et sombre
comme un s�pulcre. Au bout d�un labyrinthe de salles mal �clair�es, elles
doivent rejoindre leurs cellules. Elles contemplent avec effarement la petite
ville souterraine qui nourrit les jeux. 

&nbsp;

Le sable de
l�ar�ne repose sur un gigantesque plancher de bois d�environ quatre-vingt dix
m�tres de long et soixante de large. Dans le sous-sol, les bains, les cuisines,
les r�serves, c�toient les pi�ces r�serv�es au mat�riel, ascenseurs,
machineries, monte-charges et cages aux fauves. D��troits couloirs partent de
la fauverie et m�nent � des trappes. Des feulements ont franchi les parois, et
les chr�tiennes se sont regroup� en sursautant. Elles avancent dans le couloir
principal d�un pas plus rapide, en sanglotant, comme si leurs cellules allaient
leur offrir une protection durable.

Pendant ce
temps, boulangers, forgerons, artisans, commer�ants, chevaliers de petite
noblesse, soldats en retraite sortis de leurs villulae de Campanie,
serviteurs r�compens�s d�un jour de cong� par leur ma�tre, donzelles nubiles et
rougissantes, continuent de se presser dans les rang�es.

A l�oppos� de
cette h�te, les patriciens, certains de trouver une place dans leur loge, ont
franchi tranquillement le pont qui les s�pare de la salle de vote. Ils
discutent avec animation des supplices qui vont �tre administr�s d�s cet
apr�s-midi, et pour lesquels chacun d�eux a pu graver sur un petit papyrus le
nom d�une des chr�tiennes expos�es quelques instants auparavant � leur bon
plaisir. 

&nbsp;

- L�ouverture
des jeux

&nbsp;

Alors que les
derniers spectateurs prennent place accompagn�s par les protestations de ceux
qui sont d�j� assis, le h�raut charg� de faire le pan�gyrique des jeux les
d�clare ouverts en l'honneur de Mercure. 

Pour faire
patienter la foule avant le triomphe de N�ron, des v�lites l�g�rement
arm�s le remplacent au centre de l�ar�ne et se livrent � des simulacres de
combats. Ils sont remplac�s quelques instants apr�s par des acrobates qui jonglent
sans fin avec des balles. Au moment o� commencent � s��lever des sifflets, une
clameur annonce l�arriv�e de N�ron, et le silence se fait.

Salu� par le
son grave des cymbales, rev�tu de son trab�e, le manteau blanc des rois,
N�ron vient d�appara�tre par la Porte Triomphale. Une clameur d�approbation
�tonn�e jaillit des gradins. Car au lieu des habituels �talons arabes drap�s de
phal�res clinquantes et scintillantes, ce sont quatre jeunes chr�tiennes
qui tirent le quadrigae, le char imp�rial � quatre roues. En �tat de
parfaite nudit�, chacune pousse en ahanant le joug fourchu qui lui est
attribu�. Une sorte de licol barbare ceint leurs poitrines jeunes et fermes,
sci�es par l�effroyable compression. Elles s�arr�tent, g�missent, repartent
sous les applaudissements de la foule qui r�compensent leurs efforts insens�s.

N�ron leur
fait accomplir le tour entier de l�ar�ne circulaire, tout pr�s des premiers
gradins, afin que la pl�be puisse appr�cier les contorsions des fesses
stimul�es par son flagrum, le fouet r�serv� aux esclaves fugitifs.

Lorsque l�une
des chr�tiennes fl�chit un genou, ce sont ses propres s�urs qui l�exhortent �
se relever et redoublent d�intensit� dans leurs efforts pour soulager sa peine.

Les pieds se
crispent dans le sable tandis que siffle le fouet de N�ron. Les moqueries de la
foule gagnent en intensit� tandis que les cuisses t�tanis�es semblent pr�tes �
se rompre. 

La ligne
d�arriv�e en retour de la Porte Triomphale semble si lointaine�Des stries
sombres marquent maintenant le dos des martyres. N�ron� a ralenti le rythme des coups de cravache,
car il ne veut pas risquer de devoir descendre de son char devant la foule.

Les profonds
sillons creus�s dans le sable grossier par les roues du char sont bord�s par
les traces des larges gouttes de sueur qui d�goulinent sans r�pit des peaux
luisantes.

Des rires
s��l�vent lorsqu�� ces gouttes se m�le le sang menstruel de la plus jeune des
chr�tiennes depuis que ses jambes flageolent. Maintenant, la marque de chaque
station de leur interminable calvaire se trouve imprim�e dans le sable br�lant.

&nbsp;

Calpurnia
m�che des baies de geni�vre, car elle sait que sa bouche a conserv� l�odeur de
la semence de son dernier client. La courtisane se penche sur le cou de
Drusilla, sa jeune cousine, et susurre �&nbsp;C�est d�go�tant, �a. J�esp�re
qu�on va voir de beaux supplices. Il para�t qu�il y a un �ne qui a un membre
comme ta cuisse�.&nbsp;�. Drusilla a rougi, ce sont ses premiers jeux, et elle
est tr�s troubl�e de voir ces pauvres femmes nues devant la populace. Ses sentiments
sont tr�s m�l�s, elle ne parvient pas � discerner ce qu�elle ressent pour
l�instant, mais son c�ur bat tr�s vite.

&nbsp;

- La l�gion
entre � son tour

&nbsp;

Pr�c�d�s par
le labarum, l��tendard imp�rial, chacun des trois manipules qui
repr�sentent la IIIe l�gion est s�par� du suivant par une dizaine de
chr�tiennes charg�es de cha�nes. Beaucoup�
ont perdu leur stola, d�chir�e pendant les innombrables viols
qu�elles ont subi la nuit derni�re dans le campement r�serv� aux vainqueurs des
Sicambres en Germanie. 

Les l�gionnaires
ont d�abord march� au pas cadenc�, puis, au fur et � mesure qu�ils se
rapprochent de la loge des s�nateurs, ils acc�l�rent l�allure et finissent par
trottiner au pas gymnastique. Peu habitu�es � cette allure si particuli�re, les
chevilles entrav�es des chr�tiennes s�emm�lent. Les centurions piquent de leur
glaive les fesses t�te-b�che, pendant que la troupe continue de sautiller sur
place pour conserver le rythme. Lorsque les chr�tiennes apeur�es et honteuses
sont rassembl�es en un troupeau � peu pr�s ordonn�, les l�gionnaires reprennent
leur marche, le torse fi�rement bomb�. Ils ont imperceptiblement r�tr�ci leur
foul�e pour �viter un nouveau d�sastre. 

D�s la fin du
d�fil�, les chr�tiennes sont descendues dans leurs cellules, tandis que N�ron
regagne sa loge. Quelques l�gionnaires et centurions, soigneusement tri�s, sont
rest�s. Aid�s par une petite troupe d�esclaves suppl�tifs qui balaieront et
nettoieront le sable pendant toute la dur�e des jeux, ils s�affairent � la
pr�paration des supplices.� 

&nbsp;

- dans le
cachot

&nbsp;

Les
chr�tiennes se remettent difficilement de leur tour de piste. Seule la peur
horrible qui noue leurs entrailles parvient � ralentir les soubresauts qui
secouent leurs poitrines. Beaucoup prient maintenant, en sursautant d�s le
moindre bruit. Les plus curieuses sont all� au fond de l�immense salle. Elles
r�alisent que la cellule est plus basse que l�ar�ne d�un demi - niveau. Devant
elles, � hauteur de poitrine et sur toute la largeur de la salle, des barreaux
s�interposent, mais elles peuvent �tendre la main sur le sable.

Agathe et
Elagia ont machinalement pris une poign�e de sable d�j� incandescent dans le
creux de leur main, et elles le laissent s��chapper en �changeant un long
regard accabl�. 

Lorsque la
lourde grille de bronze s�ouvre en g�missant sinistrement, elles se retournent
et accourent vers l�entr�e.

Regulus n�a
laiss� � personne d�autre le soin de leur apprendre le r�sultat du vote. Il
r�cite d�une voix monocorde les supplices qui leur seront appliqu�s. Il veut
par son z�le extr�me t�moigner � N�ron sa reconnaissance de lui avoir sauv� la
vie. Il voudrait voir tr�s vite dispara�tre les traces de sa trahison. 

Il n�a pas vu
Agathe passer presque dans son dos et s�infiltrer entre les deux l�gionnaires
qui l�escortent. Lorsqu�il se retourne, le crachat le surprend et l�aveugle.
Les deux l�gionnaires ont lev� leur glaive, mais il les retient
�&nbsp;Arr�tez�j�ai mieux pour elle�.et puis je vais m�en occuper
personnellement�&nbsp;�. Un mince sourire avilit la beaut� de ses traits un peu
f�minins. Il prom�ne un long regard sur ces femmes nues pour jouir de leur
d�ch�ance et de leur peur avant d�ajouter. �&nbsp;Priez votre Dieu�oui�vous
allez lui donner beaucoup de travail&nbsp;�. Il lance � la cantonade&nbsp;� et
qu�on les lave tout de suite, elles puent autant que les
tigres&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;�. 

&nbsp;

- Livr�es aux
b�tes 

&nbsp;

Pendant que
les chr�tiennes sont forc�es de proc�der � leurs ablutions, la gorge serr�e par
l��nonc� des supplices, les premiers animaux sont amen�s dans l�ar�ne. Trois
grands �nes bruns de Thessalie d�filent � leur tour, tir�s par un esclave. Ils
pr�c�dent une meute de dogues d�Abyssinie, impatients et affam�s, dont les
aboiements rauques sont �touff�s par leurs museli�res. Plus loin, un esclave
porte une cage partiellement recouverte d�un drap rouge.

Avec des
cordes de chanvre qu�ils rel�chent doucement, les l�gionnaires ont laiss�
descendre de l�g�res passerelles en fr�ne sur les turris. Chaque �ne monte
lentement dans l�une des tours. L�esclave se dirige vers la turris qui fait
face � la loge imp�riale. Cinq chr�tiennes, dont Livia, se pr�sentent dans
l�ar�ne. 

Agathe est
accroch�e aux barreaux. Elle ressent dans sa propre chair la vuln�rabilit� de
son amie, elle s�est mordu le poing en entendant les sentences �gren�es par
celui qu�elle ne veut plus nommer, au point de ne m�me pas s�int�resser � son
propre sort.

Les
l�gionnaires s�emparent de quatre chr�tiennes pour les escorter en haut des
tours. Trois d�entre elles sont attendues par un �ne dont les pattes
ant�rieures reposent sur une large console. A coup de fouets, elles sont
plac�es � genoux sous les ventres laineux et oblig�es en m�me temps
d�administrer une fellation aux gigantesques membres puants et velus.

Agathe s�est
rejet� en arri�re, profond�ment choqu�e. 

Lorsque les
�nes se mettent � braire, les chr�tiennes sont forc�es de prendre leurs place
sur les consoles et de soulever leur fessier pour pr�senter leur vulve aux
b�tes excit�es. Un concert de plaisanteries obsc�nes salue le spectacle d�un
�ne dont le sexe immense doit �tre guid� dans le puits inviol� de la plus jeune
des chr�tiennes. 

Calpurnia a
laiss� filer discr�tement son doigt entre ses jambes, tandis que Drusilla a la
langue coll�e au palais. Les viols spasmodiques semblent maintenant devoir se
prolonger ind�finiment, car les �nes manquent de stabilit� pour pouvoir
�jaculer au fond des matrices qu�ils effleurent et p�n�trent alternativement.

&nbsp;

Livia a �t�
attach�e sur une table de marbre glac�e. Elle g�t, jambes et sexe largement
�cart�s face � N�ron. Malgr� son cou li�, elle est parvenu � soulever
l�g�rement sa t�te lorsqu�une rumeur ronflante a salu� la pr�sentation de la
cage � C�sar. Elle distingue vaguement un animal familier, avant de fr�mir
d�horreur lorsqu�elle reconna�t les moustaches d�un gros rat.

Elle a
parfaitement conscience que les fragiles l�vres vulvaires� d�une femme qui vient d�enfanter constituent
un met de choix pour l��norme rongeur. Elle pousse un hurlement de d�sespoir
�&nbsp;NOOOOOOONNNNN, C�sar, gr�aaaaaaaace&nbsp;�. 

&nbsp;

La derni�re
chr�tienne, l�g�rement corpulente, est rest� au milieu de l�ar�ne. Soudain,
elle est entour�e par une dizaine de l�gionnaires qui la guident � coups de
pointes de leurs lances jusqu�� un portique. Elle s�arr�te devant un tapis de
tessons de verres sur son chemin, mais doit le franchir en hurlant de douleur
tant la pression des fers sur ses fesses est insupportable. Arriv�e pr�s du
portique, elle roule dans le sable en sanglotant tandis que le sang dont ses
pieds sont recouverts imbibe le sol.

Deux
l�gionnaires se sont avanc�. Pendant que l�un maintient sans effort apparent
ses bras dans le dos malgr� sa faible r�sistance, le second transperce par les
c�t�s les deux grosses mamelles pendantes. Les deux l�gionnaires s�emparent de
la lance par chaque c�t� du manche et la tra�nent sans m�nagement sous le portique.
Malgr� ses hurlements atroces, elle est promptement soulev�e par les seins, et
la lance repose maintenant sur les barres du portique. La chr�tienne suffoqu�e
par la douleur a bien vite cess� de bouger pour ne pas augmenter sa souffrance
incommensurable.

&nbsp;

Livia a cess�
de supplier. Elle est p�trifi�e depuis que la cage br�lante a �t� attach�e sur
son ventre. Elle esp�re que le rat va peut-�tre s�endormir sur la chaleur de sa
peau, elle croit pouvoir l�apaiser en restant immobile, malgr� le r�pugnant
chatouillement de la moustache � travers ses poils pubiens. Elle voudrait tant
que sa cr�te de coq violac�e soit moins pro�minente�Elle crie de toutes ses
forces lorsque l�esclave s�avance porteur d�un tisonnier chauff� � blanc.

&nbsp;

Les dogues
sont l�ch�s. Ils ne tardent pas � flairer l�odeur du sang et � remonter la
piste sanguinolente dans l�ar�ne. Les plus v�loces cherchent d�j� � mordre les
pieds ruisselant de sang. L�esclave s�est violemment contract� en relevant les
jambes d�s les premiers aboiements. Elle a hurl� �&nbsp;J�sus, mon Dieu,
prot�gez-moi&nbsp;�. Mais rien ne peut interrompre le jeu cruel, et la foule
attend patiemment l�inexorable. D�s que les pauvres pieds sanguinolents
retombent, des m�choires claquent dans le vide. A ce jeu �puisant, chaque
secousse constitue une nouvelle torture indicible pour les seins empal�s. Les
d�chirures des glandes se sont progressivement accentu�, et des flots �carlates
coulent de la poitrine mutil�e. A bout de forces, la jeune et plantureuse
chr�tienne ne parvient pas � relever assez vite sa jambe droite, dans laquelle
les m�choires du plus gros des molosses parviennent � rester incrust�es. Sous
les clameurs du public, les seins sont lentement �tir�s avant de litt�ralement
�clater comme une past�que trop m�re.

&nbsp;

Tandis que les
chiens d�vorent leur proie, les �nes sont maintenant tenus solidement, et un
autre orifice leur est propos�. Tr�s prudes, les chr�tiennes, solidement
attach�es maintenant sur les consoles, ne pratiquent pas la sodomie. Alors que
les �nes parviennent difficilement � loger la pointe de leur membre dans les
anus resserr�s, des l�gionnaires se placent derri�re eux et les fouettent
violemment. Les chr�tiennes se sont �vanoui ensemble. 

����������� 

Le hurlement
de Livia a frapp� Agathe au fond de son c�ur. Elle n�a pu s�emp�cher de
regarder la tour en fr�missant. Son ventre se contracte en imaginant ce que
ressent Livia. Affol� sous les br�lures, le nuisible cherche � s��chapper �
travers l�issue naturelle qu�il a reconnu. Il creuse de ses griffes irr�guli�res
le trou que ses dents ont �largi. Il patauge dans le sang et �touffe un peu sur
le ventre dont les spasmes fous l�emp�chent de trouver son �quilibre. Dans
cette lutte atroce, Livia perd progressivement ses forces, mais le rat ne vaut
gu�re mieux. Il s�acharne � fouir, d�vore les lambeaux de chair faits pour les
caresses les plus d�licates, et devient aussi fou que Livia sous la br�lure
permanente du tisonnier. Les hurlements de folle de Livia se prolongent un
court instant apr�s que le pr�dateur ait cess� de bouger, puis cessent d�un
seul coup. Agathe s�est mordu le poing et pleure.

Apr�s quelques
gifles, les chr�tiennes �mergent du n�ant bienheureux. Elles ont �t�
abandonn�es sur les tours. Elles sont en train de g�mir et de r�cup�rer
doucement lorsque les dogues sont l�ch�s. Quand ils envahissent les
plate-formes, chaque chr�tienne se jette par dessus les tours. En position de tortue,
boucliers sur les t�tes et pilum point� en l�air, les l�gionnaires arc-bout�s
sur les genoux embrochent les corps des martyres.

&nbsp;

- Les
gladiatrices

&nbsp;

Sophonia et
C�cilia n�ont pas assist� � la fin atroce de leurs proches. Leur physique
d�coupl� leur a valu d��tre retenues pour l�un des combats � mort. Les sadiques
patriciens ont particuli�rement appr�ci� qu�elles soient �galement s�urs. Dans
la cellule r�serv�e aux gladiateurs, Lentulus Batiatus, le latifunda propri�taire
de la fameuse �cole de gladiateurs de Capoue, tente de leur enseigner les
rudiments de leurs armes. Deux esclaves aux torses nus huil�s et coutur�s de
cicatrices l�accompagnent, les bras charg�s par leurs tenues de combat. Pour
l�heure, Sophonia et C�cilia se sont blotties dans un coin de la cellule. Elles
sont rest�es enlac�es � ressasser la terrible sentence de Regulus qui r�sonne
encore � leurs oreilles. Elles ont accept�, oui, elles ont fait le choix de se
combattre, chacune esp�rant donner � l�autre une mort prompte au lieu de
l�abominable supplice r�serv� � celle qui sortira vainqueur de leur duel �
mort.

Chacune
caresse le visage de l�autre et essuie les larmes ruisselantes en la rassurant.
Puis, fi�res et courageuses, elles se redressent et s�embrassent longuement.
Dans une sorte de halo fantasmagorique, elles se sont laiss� parer de leur
�quipement par les esclaves, enivr�es par la puissante odeur de musc qui �mane
de leurs biceps saillants. En se tenant par la main, elles ont franchi la herse
monumentale qui vient d��tre relev�e devant elles. Elles clignent des
paupi�res, brutalement �blouies par l�intense r�verb�ration qui jaillit du
sable presque blanc, puis cherchent d�un regard affol� la loge imp�riale. 

Elles n�ont
plus conscience d��tre nues sous leur armure, mais Sophonia est g�n�e de sentir
ballotter ses seins pleins et fermes en forme de poire. Ses grands mamelons
tr�s bruns sont visibles depuis les tribunes les plus �lev�es et suscitent des
sifflements admiratifs des hommes les moins discrets. Lentulus Batiatus les
exhorte de la voix, tandis que retentit un concert de tubae et de
tambourins. A pas lents, le c�ur boulevers� par les insultes et les cris de
joie de la foule, elles cheminent � pas compt�s et h�sitants, car leurs
chevilles bronz�es �mergent difficilement du sable presque mouvant. Puis, leurs
pas gourds s�affermissent lorsqu�elles se rappellent les derni�res paroles
d�Agathe �&nbsp;Mourez dignement, mes s�urs, comme des chr�tiennes, et
pardonnez-leur comme J�sus a pardonn� avant nous&nbsp;�.

Chacune jette
maintenant un �il na�f sur l�armement de l�autre. Tout ce qu�elles ont retenu,
c�est que C�cilia avait l�armement d�un r�tiaire, compos� d�un lourd
filet de p�cheur et d�un trident, dont l�usage sera particuli�rement adapt� �
son corps �lanc� et harmonieux. Cheveux courts, port royal d�un visage fin et
allong� aux l�vres tr�s rouges, elle semble pr�te � dompter avec gr�ce un fauve
avant de l�immobiliser et de le transpercer. Elle est simplement v�tue de
braies pectorales, nue sous la ceinture et r�v�lant comme une cible id�ale une
large toison sombre qu�elle ne songe plus � cacher en serrant les jambes.

Sophonia, plus
r�bl�e, avec un large visage aux yeux rieurs, est simplement habill�e d�une ocrea,
sorte de jambi�re qui descend sur ses cuisses depuis son entrejambe, en
camouflant l�g�rement sa pilosit� blonde et soyeuse. Elle serre maladroitement
ses armes, le lourd bouclier en cuir et le grand glaive du mirmillon,
qui vont parer les coups de trident et couper le filet aux larges mailles. Il
s�agit l� du duel le plus classique auquel la foule soit habitu�e.

Elles sont
enfin parvenues devant la loge de N�ron et de sa suite, pour pouvoir prononcer
d�une seule voix la formule rituelle&nbsp;: 

- �&nbsp;Ave,
Caesar, moriturae te salutant&nbsp;�.

Une �motion
inconnue les a submerg� tandis que les lazzis faisaient place aux
applaudissements. Elles ne peuvent retenir de nouvelle larmes en
murmurant&nbsp;:��� 

- �&nbsp;Pardonne moi, je t�en supplie, car je dois te
tuer&nbsp;�.

- �&nbsp;Je te
pardonne, comme tu dois le faire aussi, car je veux t��viter cette mort
atroce&nbsp;�.

-
�&nbsp;ADIEU&nbsp;�.

- �&nbsp;A
dans quelques minutes&nbsp;�.

�Inconsciemment, elles viennent de s��carter
l�une de l�autre. Alors que les bucinae mart�lent des notes claires et
tranchantes, elles ont redress� avec des gestes path�tiques leurs armes. La
sueur coule de leur&nbsp;front altier, que l�orage du combat gagne
progressivement pour le plus grand bonheur des spectateurs. Yeux dans les yeux,
leur posture s�affermit tandis qu�elles d�crivent un cercle qui se r�tr�cit peu
� peu.

Le c�ur
d�Agathe et des trois derni�res actrices bat aussi fort que le leur. Ce ne sont
plus des sabres de bois et des boucliers de carton, dont le ballet �tait rythm�
par la f�rule de Paulus Gracchus, le directeur de la petite troupe, qu�il
s�agit maintenant. Elles ont bloqu� leur respiration lorsque Sophonia a port�
le premier coup de glaive. Elle a l�g�rement tranch� le filet, mais pas dans
ses �uvres vives, en �vitant facilement la riposte du trident dard� sans
conviction par C�cilia. Elle a pu, dans ce bref contact, mesurer combien les
mailles lest�es de plomb pouvaient constituer un pi�ge redoutable. Son second
coup de glaive a l�g�rement effleur� la hanche de sa s�ur. 

Elles se sont
arr�t�es devant le premier sang, comme assomm�es par leur propre
violence&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
�&nbsp;Mais�tu
as vraiment voulu me tuer&nbsp;!&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
�&nbsp;Oui,
comme toi�Oh, laisse moi t�aider � partir la premi�re, je t�en prie�&nbsp;�.

Sophonia est repartie
� l�assaut. Les gouttes de sang carmin qui mouch�tent le sable ont r�veill�
C�cilia de sa l�thargie hypnotique. Le harpon choque durement le bouclier
tandis que le filet a vol� � la rencontre des chevilles. La foule a rugi son
plaisir quand Sophonia a saut� � pieds joints, comme lorsqu�elles jouaient � la
marelle. Ses seins ont douloureusement choqu� son bouclier, et elle se rejette
en arri�re pour reprendre ses esprits. C�cilia la poursuit en moulinant avec
son harpon, mais Sophonia met soudainement un genou en terre et fait opposition
avec son bouclier. Emport�e par son �lan, C�cilia s�est rattrap� en faisant un
grand �cart sur le sable. Elle a �t� gratifi�e au passage d�un coup de taille
br�lant dont le tranchant d�vi� par le harpon a gliss� sur son fessier.
Compl�tement r�veill�e maintenant, elle se sent brutalement humili�e telle une
�coli�re, d�autant plus que le sable, insinu� dans sa vulve humide dont les
l�vres sont rest� imperceptiblement �cart�es, la d�mange atrocement.

Dans un r�flexe
incontr�lable, elle a dard� le trident en tr�buchant droit devant elle. L�une
des pointes meurtri�res vient d��rafler profond�ment la base du sein droit de
sa s�ur. Leurs sangs m�l�s, sang carmin contre sang vermeil, s�entrecroisent
maintenant en curieuses figures g�om�triques cisel�es par les attaques et les
ripostes. Elles rompent, se fendent, croisent leur fers en ahanant comme de
vrais gladiateurs dans ce duel sublime qui crucifie les autres chr�tiennes.

La chaleur et la
vue du sang les ont progressivement transform� en v�ritables tigresses, la
bouche ouverte, le souffle court. 

Sophonia perd pied
la premi�re, son bouclier de plus en plus lourd au bout de son poignet ne se
rel�ve plus aussi vite sous les coups de boutoir.

La pl�be a pouss�
un cri soudain lorsque les pointes ac�r�es du trident ont �peronn� son opulent
sein gauche. Le c�ur a �t� � peine effleur� par la transfixion, mais un
bouillon de sang submerge le sable dor� lorsque les pointes �barb�es se
retirent en lac�rant profond�ment les tissus adipeux et une partie des lobules
de la glande mammaire.. Sophonia s��croule lentement � terre, presque sous les
barreaux de la prison, comme si elle jouait dans une mauvaise pi�ce. Elle a
port� la main � son sein avec un long hurlement de souffrance pour retenir sa
vie qui s��coule � flots. Elle g�t face � Agathe et ses s�urs, puis trouve la
force de ramper lentement jusqu�� la grille, pendant que C�cilia a jet� ses
armes pour s�agenouiller et prier en attendant ses bourreaux .

Le bras d�Agathe a
jailli � travers la grille pour soulager son calvaire, mais la main de Sophonia
retombe lourdement avant qu�elle n�ait pu la saisir pour l�accompagner dans
l�obscurit� qui l�envahit.� 

Ce sont deux des
plus vieux centurions qui prennent C�cilia sous les aisselles avec une douceur
surprenante. Elle se laisse faire, car elle d�j� quitt� ce monde dans sa t�te.
Elle se place elle-m�me au milieu de la croix de Saint-Andr�, peinte en noir et
dress�e au centre de l�ar�ne.� Ecartel�e
horizontalement entre les montants sur lesquels elle a �t� ligot�e, elle n�a
cure du spectacle qu�offre sa fente b�ante et souill�e. Elle n�entend pas les
commentaires obsc�nes des hommes et ne voit pas les moues de d�go�t des
patriciennes. Elle entend � peine un chariot traverser l�ar�ne, elle ferme les
yeux lorsque des esclaves installent leur mat�riel. Lorsque le silence se fait,
quelque chose au-dessus de sa t�te lui masque le soleil. Un gigantesque
encensoir est pendu au bout d�une cha�ne fix�e sur un portique ambulant. Le souffle
d�un foyer de braises incandescentes pique l�g�rement ses narines et, tournant
la t�te, elle aper�oit un grand chaudron dans lequel elle entend distinctement
bouillir un liquide.

Lorsque les
centurions plongent chacun une grande louche dans l�huile bouillante, C�cilia
pousse un cri farouche&nbsp;devant la r�v�lation de son destin atroce :

- �&nbsp;NON, NON,
NON, NOOOOOONNNNNNN, Je ne veux pas&nbsp;!!!!AGATHE, j�ai peur,
arr�teeeeeez&nbsp;�.&nbsp;

Agathe a hurl� en
m�me temps qu�elle. Elle voudrait pouvoir partager son supplice et diviser sa
douleur. Un court instant, elle croit ressentir dans sa propre chair les
centaines de piq�res gr�sillant sur la peau de la jeune chr�tienne. L�un des
centurions verse continuellement de l�huile dans l�encensoir tandis que l�autre
tourmenteur le pousse avec un lent mouvement de balancier pour asperger
soigneusement tout le corps magnifique de la jeune martyre. Il s�est esclaff�
avec un gros rire&nbsp;de soudard:

- �&nbsp;Tiens, ma
fille, moi aussi je te b�nis&nbsp;�.

�Les gouttes d�huile cr�pitent sur la peau brillante.
La foule �coute dans un silence religieux les g�missements insens�s qui ont
succ�d� aux hurlements d�mentiels. La voix bris�e, C�cilia ne peut que se
tordre vigoureusement dans ses liens, sans pouvoir �chapper aux br�lures
ravageuses, mais pour le plus grand plaisir des romains fascin�s par les
d�hanchements lascifs de son corps �l�gant. Les plaintes incessantes sont
entrecoup�es par le clapotement de nouvelles gouttes visqueuses qui mordent
dans la chair tendre des cuisses, de la vulve, des aisselles aux poils fondus,
des bouts de sein couleur de caramel �rig�s par l�angoisse et stri�s de marques
rouges. La poitrine faite pour l�amour est petit � petit ravag�e par de
profonds crat�res, la peau �clate en dessinant des reliefs byzantins lorsque l�huile
en fusion revient tarauder les m�mes plaies vives.

Lorsque le derme de
la jeune martyre est enti�rement ruin�, les soldats rel�vent la croix, tel un
gisant de pierre. La foule a pouss� un �&nbsp;oh&nbsp;� d��tonnement, car le
corps sanguinolent qui leur est pr�sent� ne m�rite plus le nom&nbsp;de femme.
Tandis que l�un des centurions cale la croix dans un trou profond, l�autre
s�est empar� d�un fouet en plumes de casoar. Ainsi, les lamelles de peau
pendante sont arrach�es d�licatement par un simple effleurement. Le centurion
est un expert de son instrument dont il joue comme un musicien de sa lyre. Il
pourrait prolonger ind�finiment le supplice qui a suffoqu� C�cilia. Sous cette
fouaill�e t�nue qui n�arrache pas les chairs, la peau des cloques et des
ampoules dispara�t par menus lambeaux, mais la finesse de l�abrasion des
innombrables terminaisons nerveuses � vif constitue un tourment bien plus
terrible. Elle est en �tat de choc, alors que N�ron a interrompu son repas pour
la premi�re fois depuis trois heures. Il a tenu � ce que les deux centurions
particuli�rement inventifs soient r�compens�s de mille sesterces chacun. 

Le soleil s�est
cach� derri�re la Porte Triomphale. Certains commencent � se lever, d�autres
pr�f�rent assister au rel�vement de la croix par quatre esclaves. Un vol de
corbeaux s�est pos� sur le hauban d�une vela. Ils attendent que le corps
de C�cilia ait �t� d�pos� sur l�une des turris.

Agathe s�est rejet�
en arri�re en bouchant ses oreilles. Elles sait qu�une longue nuit sans sommeil
vient de d�buter.

&nbsp;

Chapitre IV A
l�aube du quatri�me jour .

�

- dans l�horreur de
la nuit

&nbsp;

Les hurlements
insupportables de C�cilia ont vrill� leurs oreilles toute la soir�e avant de se
transformer en pleurs lancinants, puis en g�missements inaudibles. Elles ont
tout vu sans pouvoir intervenir, repouss�es dix fois, vingt fois des grilles
par les lances des l�gionnaires. Elles ont du assister � l�atroce cur�e, au
spectacle de la mutilation progressive de ce corps parfait lac�r� par les coups
de bec m�caniques. Le vol noir qui s�est abattu sur la plate-forme a cess� de
tourbillonner apr�s que les pr�dateurs les plus redoutables aient trouv� leur
morceau de pr�dilection. C�cilia a tr�s vite perdu ses yeux, �clat�s en gel�e
sanguinolente qui perle sur les plumes lisses. Elle ne sait plus o� le prochain
impact portera et elle hurle sans retenue. Dans le halo rouge�tre des torches,
les corbeaux soul�vent de temps � autre sur les derniers spectateurs pr�sents,
un �il � la fixit� inqui�tante. Les becs orang�s sont napp�s d�un sang vif dont
les gouttes s��vadent lorsqu�ils secouent la t�te pour rattraper des lambeaux
de chair qui leur �chappent. Ce sont bien s�r les parties les plus tendres du
corps qui ont �t� d�chiquet�es les premi�res. Les bouts de sein �taient une
offrande qui le disputait � l�invitation du sexe b�ant et des cuisses
diaphanes. Apr�s les premi�res mutilations du corps arqu�, la statue de chair
vive a constitu� un s�maphore pour toutes les bandes de corbeaux qui nichent
dans la ville et viennent se succ�der pour continuer de d�charner le corps de
la c�leste vierge.

&nbsp;

Au petit matin, les
chr�tiennes ont pu voler quelques minutes de sommeil, qui ont accentu� leur
h�b�tude sans les reposer pour autant. Elles se comptent et se recomptent en
silence, chacune se maudissant d�esp�rer qu�elle ne sera pas appel�e la
premi�re. 

&nbsp;

Dans l�ar�ne, les
esclaves s�affairent � ratisser le sable et � d�barrasser la turris des restes
de C�cilia. Ils v�rifient aussi la solidit� de l�ouvrage �difi� au dessus de l�euripe,
le foss� rempli d�eau qui isole les fauves des gradins des spectateurs.

�

Des bruits de
cha�nes, des frottements, des rugissements, attestent de l��veil du ventre de
l�ar�ne.

La journ�e sera
terrible, puisqu�une dizaine d�entre elles seront livr�es en p�ture aux
�l�phants et aux buffles, tandis que d�autres seront crucifi�es ou directement
tortur�es.

Agathe est presque
�puis�e, elle a v�cu chaque supplice comme s�il s�agissait du sien, elle a
insult� les romains et re�u un coup de fouet qui z�bre encore son beau visage
terrible, accentuant la flamme de son regard. Maintenant, elle ne lutte plus,
elle ne rel�ve m�me pas la t�te quand les centurions viennent pr�lever leur
inf�me tribut. Elle sait de toute mani�re que son heure n�est pas venue, que
Regulus l�a choisie pour �tre le clou du spectacle, et qu�elle devra subir
comme un ch�timent suppl�mentaire d�assister aux tortures de toutes ses amies.

Certaines parmi ses
s�urs ont encore la force de se rebeller, dans une tentative poignante pour
reculer l�in�luctable �ch�ance. Le claquement des fouets surpasse bien vite les
g�missements et les supplications. Certaines chr�tiennes qui avaient pu
pr�server un lambeau de v�tement, se voient arracher le dernier vestige de leur
pudeur. Elles doivent maintenant attendre, droites, les mains le long du corps,
sous peine d��tre fustig�es quand elles tentent de d�rober aux regards

salaces leurs
fentes et leurs pauvres seins meurtris par les coups et la torsion des poignes
pendant les viols.

&nbsp;

- Les romains
s�amusent.

&nbsp;

La pl�be est venue
de bonne heure r�veiller les murs de l�enceinte assoupie. C�est une journ�e
encore plus chaude qui s�annonce, et les hommes ont pu remplir leurs gourdes du
vin �pais offert par les intendants du palais imp�rial. �&nbsp;Du vin et des
chr�tiennes supplici�es, il fait bon vivre sous N�ron&nbsp;�, chantent des
gosiers assoiff�s. Les femmes sont en tenue l�g�re, dans des tissus aux tons
battus presque transparents, simplement rehauss�s de bijoux aux gemmes
rutilantes et de voiles aux couleurs vives. Les robes les plus scandaleusement
�chancr�es sont de sortie aujourd�hui, comme si l�atmosph�re de sensualit�
pr�ludait � une gigantesque orgie. M�me les vieilles femmes sentent qu�elles
auront leur chance au milieu de tant de m�les � la lubricit� exacerb�e par les
tortures.

Le h�raut entre en
grandes pompes dans l�ar�ne sous le mart�lement des cymbales. Apr�s avoir
obtenu le silence d�un geste solennel, il d�clame le sinistre programme avant
de laisser place aux habituels spectacles de jonglerie. Pendant que des funambules
passent d�une turris � une autre en marchant sur des filins, les mains
solidement accroch�es � leur perche, le traditionnel d�fil� des licteurs,
dont les haches par�es d�un faisceau de verges sont parfaitement align�es, va
pr�senter ses hommages aux premiers magistrats de Rome.

Dans la loge
patricienne, Clodia baille sans chercher � dissimuler son ennui � son �poux, le
s�nateur Marcus Gaius&nbsp;; de guerre lasse, il se tourne vers leur amie
Fulvia et reprend leur diatribe inachev�e sur la derni�re pi�ce � la mode. Ils
ne savent pas qu�ils vont revoir Agathe et ses s�urs qui les ont tant charm�s
une semaine plus t�t.

&nbsp;

Les instruments se
sont tus. Dans ce moment solennel, les conversations se sont arr�t�, car chacun
va s�int�resser au visage et au corps des supplici�es et savourer par
anticipation le ch�timent qui leur est r�serv�.

Deux chr�tiennes
s�avancent en chancelant sous les coups de fouet.

Clodia sursaute et
se tourne vers son �poux en se levant � moiti� &nbsp;:

- �C�est
r�pugnant&nbsp;! Ne peut on recouvrir le sexe de ces malheureuses&nbsp;? Qu�on
leur donne au moins un subligar, sinon je m�en vais&nbsp;�. G�n�, Marcus
d�tourne la t�te en sifflant entre ses l�vres&nbsp;:

�- �&nbsp;Tu n�en feras rien. Pas question de
se faire remarquer sous les yeux du fou qui nous gouverne. Tu fais semblant de
regarder et d�applaudir, mais tu te rassieds et tu restes&nbsp;�.

Vaincue, mais pas
soumise, Clodia se rassoit en faisant semblant d�arranger sa robe&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;D�s que ces
maudits jeux seront finis, ne me refuse pas une nouvelle fois d�aller passer un
mois entier dans notre villa de Capri&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

- Les �l�phants de
combat

&nbsp;

Un barrissement
prodigieux passe sous les colonnes de la Porte Triomphale. Les yeux de la foule
se partagent entre l�arriv�e des �l�phants d�Afrique et la flagellation des
jeunes chr�tiennes. Elles courent dans l�ar�ne pour �chapper au long fouet
coupant des centurions. Au nombre d�une dizaine, ils ont accul� au pied d�une
des turris les jeunes corps d�nud�s � grands coups de fouet. Les longues
lani�res aux bords biseaut�s cinglent sans r�pit les dos, les fesses et les
seins moelleux que leur pr�sentent alternativement les deux jeunes femmes.
Folles de douleur, elles tentent d�amortir les cingl�es atroces des m�ches en
cuir de rhinoc�ros en changeant continuellement de position. Pour le plus grand
bonheur de la foule et particuli�rement des anciens esclaves, elles semblent
rebondir en permanence sur le sable, debout ou couch�es, se tortillant comme
des vers au bout d�une ligne en clamant leur innocence, en pleurant pour un peu
de piti�. Le torse marbr� de tra�n�es purpurines, elles gisent enfin
pantelantes dans le sable. Elles sont � peine conscientes d��tre soulev�es
tandis que le sol tremble sous leurs corps. Elles clignent des yeux pour
distinguer l�ombre qui a envahi le ciel au-dessus de leurs t�tes. Les trompes
des deux vieux m�les s��l�vent telles des tubae pour clamer un d�fi qui
r�sonne longuement parmi les gradins. Les cornacs font agenouiller les
�l�phants de combat, rompus � la discipline militaire, et dont les pattes ont
r�duit en pulpe sanglante tant d�adversaires de Rome. Les jeunes chr�tiennes
ont trouv� la force de prier, et dans leur cellule, les autres martyres les
accompagnent tandis qu�elles sont attach�es aux t�ti�res qui ceignent le cr�ne
profond des �l�phants. Les immenses oreilles claquent, �nerv�es par ce fardeau
suppl�mentaire qui obscurcit presque totalement la vue des pachydermes. Apr�s
les avoir �loign�s l�un de l�autre d�une cinquantaine de m�tres � coups de
pique, les cornacs se sont laiss� glisser le long de leurs flancs. 

Les �l�phants se
voient � peine, mais se cherchent tout de suite. Apr�s un long barrissement
agressif qui leur a permis de s�orienter, ils se meuvent pesamment sous les
cris de la foule. Ils chargent avec la col�re aveugle qui caract�rise ces duels
� mort. Les d�fenses ac�r�es se sont choqu� dans cette premi�re passe d�armes.
Tels des chevaliers ayant rompu la premi�re lance, ils se sont jaug�. Les
trompes fr�missantes retombent lourdement lorsqu�ils s��branlent plus lentement
pour ne pas se d�passer. Juch�es sur le casque de combat br�lant, leurs pieds
poussant d�sesp�r�ment sur le sommet de la trompe rugueuse, les jeunes vierges
ont ferm� ensemble les yeux. Le choc t�te contre t�te a �t� terrible, broyant
irr�m�diablement les jambes des jeunes martyres. Des chairs �clat�es sourd des
rigoles de sang qui aveuglent et excitent davantage les pachydermes. Les
mastodontes ont pris solidement appui dans le sable et poussent t�te-b�che. Les
hurlements de douleur indicible des martyres se m�lent aux barrissements
sauvages. Les t�tes des �l�phants s�inclinent de plus en plus bas tandis qu�ils
s�enfoncent davantage dans le sable. Parfois, la foule discerne l��clair blanc
d�une d�fense qui se d�gage de l�enchev�trement de carapaces et de chairs
�clat�es. Elle trouve toujours son but, lac�rant un peu plus � chaque fois les
pauvres corps supplici�s. Encorn�es, �cras�es, les jeunes chr�tiennes se sont
d�j� tues depuis longtemps lorsque l�un des mastodontes s�effondre lentement
sur le flanc. La foule est rest�e longuement abasourdie, non par piti� ou
regrets, mais � cause de la puissance monstrueuse d�gag�e par cette joute d�un
autre �ge qui a sembl� fissurer les enceintes de l�ar�ne.� 

&nbsp;

Le vainqueur du
duel est d�lest� de la masse de chair informe qui dessine un hideux cataplasme
sur son front. Le cadavre du vaincu attel� � ses flancs puissants, la montagne
de chair d�gage majestueusement les lieux. 

&nbsp;

- duel de chars

&nbsp;

A l�autre bout de
l�ar�ne, deux jeunes nourrices dont la v�ture a �t� �pargn�e, ont fait leur
apparition. Des bandelettes de lin soulignent la fr�quence de leur allaitement.
Elles avancent comme �teintes, pr�tes � mourir, tout � la douleur d�avoir perdu
leurs nouveaux n�s embroch�s par les l�gionnaires. Leurs seins d�bordant de vie
sont douloureux de n�avoir pas rempli leur fonction nourrici�re depuis quatre
jours. Le lait goutte des bandelettes, � leur grande honte.

&nbsp;

Agathe n�a jamais
enfant�, mais elle mesure parfaitement ce que doit �tre ce poids qui les
accable. Elle sursaute&nbsp;! Regulus est � ses c�t�s. Le fourbe est entr�
discr�tement dans la cellule, pendant que les chr�tiennes �taient absorb�es par
le combat �pique. Il murmure discr�tement � son oreille �&nbsp;Tu ne trouves
pas que ces pauvres chr�tiennes sont ridicules avec leurs grosses t�tasses
pleines de lait qui pendouillent&nbsp;?�. Agathe est interloqu�e par cette
nouvelle familiarit� qui d�tonne compl�tement avec leurs derniers propos. Avant
qu�elle ait pu ajouter un mot, Regulus ajoute �&nbsp;Puisque leurs seins ne
leur servent plus � rien, N�ron, dans son imp�riale bont�, a d�cid� de les en
soulager&nbsp;�. Il a pris fermement le menton d�Agathe entre ses doigts pour
d�tourner implacablement son regard en direction des deux trigae qui
viennent de d�buter un tour d�honneur, qui sera bient�t un tour d�horreur. 

&nbsp;

L�action se
pr�cipite tr�s vite lorsque les deux jeunes m�res sont brutalement saisies.
Apr�s une courte m�l�e, elles sont pr�sent�es nues � la foule au bout des bras
des robustes centurions, qui les tiennent fermement sous les aisselles. Les
jambes battantes r�v�lent � l�envi les vulves roses cach�es par les buissons
tr�s bruns. Les centurions se plaisent � tourner leurs proies de tous les c�t�s
de l�ar�ne, soulevant les fortes mamelles, les pressant pour faire jaillir le
lait cr�meux en l�chant leurs doigts. Ils expliquent � tour de r�le comment les
auriges vont proc�der.

&nbsp;

Les conducteurs de
chars sont pr�cis�ment en train de parader. Ils portent un casque chamarr� de
plumes exotiques, avec des visi�res largement ouvertes. Les torses puissants
sont nus, mais les avant-bras sont recouverts de brassi�res de cuir aux
couleurs des deux plus grands quartiers de Rome. Leurs fins destriers de sang arabe
semblent d�placer le char sur un nuage de poussi�re. Des parieurs soup�sent le
poids des drachmes dans leurs bourses en jaugeant le meilleur �quipage. Tous
ont not� avec soin les deux grandes faux qui jaillissent perpendiculairement
devant les roues, juste sous le hayon des chars. Les lames impitoyablement
ac�r�es jettent des �clairs flamboyants lorsqu�elles r�fl�chissent le soleil
qui arrive � son z�nith. L�un des auriges se taille un joli succ�s lorsqu�il
d�capite un piquet en bois au terme d�une course habile.

&nbsp;

Les centurions ont
repos� leurs victimes devant deux croix de Saint Andr� plant�es tr�s bas sur le
sol, �cart�es parall�lement � la loge de N�ron d�une vingtaine de pas. Les
chevilles et les poignets des jeunes nourrices ont �t� attach�s, au bout de
tr�s longues cordes, � quatre larges m�ts en bronze solidement fich�s dans le
sol. Afin de maintenir parfaitement rigides le corps des chr�tiennes, face au
sol, les centurions ont introduit des tourniquets pour resserrer leurs liens.
Les pauvres martyres ont commenc� de g�mir sous l�atroce pression qui les
�cart�le, tandis que leurs seins, pendant tels des pis, sont pr�sent�s � la
luxure de la populace. Elles sont bient�t entrav�es si �troitement que les
nobles mamelles interrompent leur sensuel balancement.���� 

&nbsp;

Sera d�clar�
vainqueur celui qui le premier aura tranch� deux seins sans avoir rompu sa faux
sur les pieux de bronze�

&nbsp;

C�est N�ron qui a
baiss� le bras pour donner le d�part de la course d�moniaque. En conducteurs
exp�riment�s, les auriges ont claqu� du fouet la croupe des pur-sangs pour les
mettre au trot. Il va s�agir de ne pas aller trop vite pour pouvoir man�uvrer
le char, sans �tre distanc� pour autant. A peu pr�s � la m�me vitesse, les deux
chars se sont pr�sent� en m�me temps aux abords des croix. Ils ont
imperceptiblement ralenti pour d�vier leur course. Coup manqu� pour l�un,
simple effleurement du torse pour l�autre. Une clameur collective a salu� le
premier sang. Rapidement, � l�autre bout de l�ar�ne, les auriges descendent de
leur trigae pour proc�der � quelques r�glages, des roues pour l�un, de
la faux pour l�autre. Puis ils repartent presque simultan�ment, tr�s vite. Leur
ronde infernale est mieux affirm�e, ils passent plus vite, plus pr�s. Les lames
semblent d�chirer l�air incandescent. Un cri atroce s��l�ve. Une mamelle a �t�
profond�ment tranch�e, et un sang vermillon arrose largement le sable sous le
ventre de l�une des chr�tiennes. 

Le troisi�me tour
va entra�ner immanquablement la dichotomie d�au moins un sein, tous les spectateurs
en sont convaincus et ils retiennent leur respiration d�s le d�but de la
reprise. 

&nbsp;

Seule, Calpurnia
mange tranquillement une pomme, sans manifester la moindre solidarit� de sexe �
l��gard des jeunes supplici�es. Drusilla d�tourne la t�te, presque choqu�e
d�entendre ses dents croquer gaiement dans le fruit acide. 

&nbsp;

Tr�s vite, un
premier sein g�t sous les flancs d�une chr�tienne, arros� par une fontaine de
sang carmin. Les cris atroces de la jeune chr�tienne sont �touff�s par les
f�licitations de la foule. Le second aurige ne tarde pas � se distinguer � son
tour, sa faux, habilement pr�sent�e apr�s avoir �vit� le piquet de bronze,
tranche dans la chair vive et parach�ve l�ablation du sein d�j� entam�. 

Quelques secondes
apr�s, faisant fi des hurlements d�agonie des jeunes nourrices, les auriges
raccourcissent en m�me temps les deux autres mamelles. 

Est donc d�clar�
vainqueur celui qui a tranch� le premier sein. Les jeunes femmes se sont
heureusement �vanoui, elles ne voient pas leurs seins exhib�s devant la foule
sur les boucliers d�argent tenus � bout de bras par les auriges. Les superbes
appas qui ornent le secutor, le grand bouclier des mirmillons, semblent
l�offrande � l�app�tit de la foule de quatre beaux fruits juteux napp�s d�un
grain de raisin. 

Drusilla contemple
avec une fascination horrifi�e son voisin, un vieillard avec le nez busqu� d�un
autour. La glotte de son cou d�charn� de poulet, recouvert d�une maigre chaume
blanche mal ras�e, se soul�ve spasmodiquement tandis qu�il fixe les seins complaisamment
promen�s sous ses yeux.

&nbsp;

- le sacrifice
magnifique

&nbsp;

Agathe ne croit pas
ce qu�elle a entendu. Regulus r�p�te doucement qu�il est pr�t � �pargner les
derni�res chr�tiennes si elle lui fait don de son corps. Elle secoue la t�te,
incr�dule, c�est un pi�ge, elle ne le croit pas. Des sentiments confus
l�agitent, alors qu�elle se sent encore attir�e physiquement par lui. Elle
pourra peut-�tre le tuer, ou faire �vader les filles, ou les aider autrement en
plaidant leur gr�ce aupr�s de N�ron�Puis, tr�s vite, elle se d�cide. Tout vaut
mieux que rester dans cet enfer. Elle refuse la main que lui tend Regulus et
sort en le pr�c�dant. Les chr�tiennes lui font une haie d�honneur, car elles
pressentent que la jeune femme va se sacrifier pour elles. Certaines s�agenouillent
et baisent sa stola. Agathe rougit et les rel�ve en caressant leurs
tresses.

&nbsp;

Elle se tient nue
devant Regulus. Il contemple un long moment le corps magnifique qu�il a r�v� de
poss�der d�s le premier instant. Il peut tout demander, tout obtenir. Il sait
qu�elle est vierge, et qu�elle va d�couvrir avec lui l�amour, la douleur et
l�humiliation en m�me temps. Il lui ordonne de se tourner, car il ne veut pas
l�embrasser, ni voir ses grands yeux fouiller son �me. Il lui commande en
termes crus de se baisser et d��carter ses cuisses en posant les mains sur un
banc. La chambre de repos des gladiateurs n�a jamais connu plus belle femme.
Les prostitu�es ont impr�gn� les tentures pourpres des senteurs de leurs lourds
parfums, qui se m�lent aux remugles de fauves en rut exhal�s par les for�ats de
l�ar�ne. 

Il caresse
longuement la cambrure parfaite qui tressaillit. Agathe ne peut emp�cher une
vague de d�sir de la submerger, malgr� la posture humiliante que l�assassin de
ses s�urs l�a oblig�e � prendre. Lorsque ses aisselles sont doucement
effleur�es par des doigts fins et exp�riment�s, elle ferme les yeux en se
mordant la l�vre. Les mains de Regulus se referment bient�t en conque sous ses
seins. Elle ne peuvent que soulever doucement les vastes mamelles et jouer avec
les pointes oblongues. Lorsqu�elles sont devenues tr�s dures, Agathe attend
comme un soulagement la p�n�tration du glaive parfaitement rigide entre ses
grandes l�vres. Elle a tout oubli� pour l�instant, au moment de se d�couvrir
femme. C�est elle qui a �cart� davantage les cuisses pour happer plus
profond�ment le membre viril. Elle provoque elle-m�me sa d�floration en
s�empalant brutalement alors que Regulus �tait encore en train de jouer avec
l�ouverture de sa vulve. Elle sait que son sang m�l� � ses s�cr�tions intimes
d�gouline le long de sa jambe, mais elle n�en a cure, attentive � la mont�e de
son premier orgasme de vraie femme. 

La jouissance
fulgurante la submerge tandis que Regulus s�est content� de laisser fich�e son
arme dans ses entrailles sans participer plus activement. Lorsque Agathe se
redresse au bout de longues secondes, le souffle court, honteuse d�avoir feul�
son plaisir par une journ�e aussi tragique, elle trouve point�e devant son nez
la colonne de chair turgide macul�e par ses propres souillures. Elle sait ce
qui est maintenant attendu d�elle, elle ouvre la bouche pour protester quand
elle entrevoit, pendant � la ceinture du commandant de la garde imp�riale, les
cl�s de leur cellule. Telle une prostitu�e, elle referme doucement ses l�vres
sur le gland suintant. Elle sait qu�elle va devoir conduire le centurion aux
portes de l�oubli total pour d�rober les cl�s de leur libert�. Choqu�e par
l��cre senteur du p�nis recouvert de son propre sang, elle s�imagine courtisane
�gyptienne, dispensant de suaves baisers � Pharaon sous l�ombre de quelque
palmier exotique. Elle embrasse amoureusement les testicules qu�elle a soulev�
dans sa main gauche. Sa main droite caresse le flanc de Regulus, tandis que sa
langue s�active le long du filet, qu�elle nettoie longuement. Regulus a pris sa
t�te par les cheveux pour l��carter lorsque les frissons de plaisir qui le
submergent deviennent insupportables. 

Agathe s�est
habitu� au go�t de fruit de mer tr�s sal� qui l�a submerg� lorsque les
premi�res gouttes de liquide s�minal se sont ajout�es � son propre sang.
Maintenant, elle prend du plaisir � manipuler la verge de marbre comme si elle
allait la traire avec son poignet gauche dans sa propre bouche. Sa main droite
continue de remonter doucement en direction de la ceinture de son ennemi. Le
sexe dilat� commence maintenant � marteler le fond de sa gorge car Regulus ne
peut plus attendre pour se lib�rer. Son instinct de femme sensuelle la pousse �
aspirer irr�sistiblement pour accueillir la s�ve. Sa main s�est referm�e sur la
cl� avec un contr�le admirable de ses sens. Elle pompe fortement une derni�re
fois l��me de Regulus, qui se rend t�te en arri�re avec un long cri �touff�.
Agathe introduit prestement la cl� au fond de son r�ceptacle naturel dont
l�hymen d�chir� ne constitue plus un obstacle. 

Quand elle rel�ve
la t�te, toute honte bue, elle lit le mensonge dans le regard p�tillant de
sadisme de Regulus.

�&nbsp;Conduis-moi
� N�ron pour que je demande gr�ce pour mes s�urs, au moins&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;J�ai bien
peur que N�ron ne soit pas visible en ce moment, il est au milieu de son repas.
Si on le d�rangeait, je crains que des supplices plus terribles ne vous
attendent&nbsp;�. Il n�a pu s�emp�cher de rire de son bon mot. Agathe le hait
froidement, m�me si une part de lui est comme incrust�e au fond de sa matrice.
Elle se retient de se jeter sur lui pour ne pas perdre sa cl�. Elle dit
simplement&nbsp;: �&nbsp;Romains, vous �tes des monstres&nbsp;�. Regulus
pr�cise sombrement �&nbsp;Non, nous sommes simplement les ma�tres du monde&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

- la fin des amantes

&nbsp;

Lorsqu�ils
redescendent dans la cellule, des murmures saluent le courage d�Agathe, les
femmes savent ce qu�ont juste devin� les jeunes filles. Agathe n�est plus
vierge, mais le sacrifice de sa pudeur n�aura servi � rien, car Regulus vient
d�inviter deux nouvelles combattantes � le suivre. 

&nbsp;

Casilda et Elagia
se d�signent du doigt. Elles refusent de croire ce qu�elle ont entendu. Les
opposer dans un combat � mort est absurde, elles ne peuvent seulement pas
l�envisager. Elles se cachent le visage pour masquer leur douleur et leur peur.
Agathe a le temps d�essuyer leurs larmes juste avant que les gladiateurs de
Lentulus Batiatus ne s�emparent des pauvres victimes pour les pr�parer. 

Dans la chambre
d�appel, elles sont enti�rement d�v�tues avec c�r�monie, honneur soit rendu aux
combattantes m�me si ce ne sont que de mis�rables corps tremblant de peur et de
froid. Les deux amantes, les yeux brouill�s de larmes, voient le corps tant
aim� de l�autre souill� par les regards des velus, la gente oppressive et honnie.
Les vulves si souvent caress�es semblent �carlates de honte, les seins de
taille moyenne mais finement dessin�s sont dress�s pour un combat qui ne sera
plus amoureux. Regulus a appr�ci� en connaisseur les corps harmonieux faits
pour l�amour et sait que le spectacle sera de qualit�. Avec perversit�, il
rappelle que N�ron peut gracier le vainqueur d�un beau combat si la foule le
demande. 

Casilda et Elagia,
but�es, continuent d�entendre les paroles de Regulus alors que Lentulus
Batiatus leur explique le maniement de leur arme. Pouss�es par la pointe des
lances, elles passent sous la herse lugubre et font lentement leur entr�e dans
l�ar�ne, la sica � la main. Le court poignard au tranchant effil� comme
un rasoir est l�arme qui oppose nus les thraces, les vifs natifs de Thessalie,
dans des duels � mort sous le regard br�lant des patriciennes dans les �coles
de gladiateurs. Casilda et Elagia ne r�alisent pas tout de suite que ce sont
elles que la foule applaudit. 

Elles cherchent
stupidement autour d�elles les autres combattants. Quand leurs fesses sont �
nouveau piqu�es jusqu�� ce que le soleil dessine leur ombre immense au milieu
de l�ar�ne, elles comprennent brusquement comment leur vie va basculer dans
quelques instants. Elles se frottent les yeux, hagardes, les cris de la foule
les so�lent, l��clat des bijoux rutilant parmi toutes les couleurs de l�arc-en
ciel les �blouit. Elles tournent en aveugles sur elles-m�mes et finissent par
se bousculer. Chacune a eu peur de l�autre en m�me temps, ce contact les affole,
elles se mettent en garde maladroitement. La t�te vide, les jeunes corps se
r�vulsent � l�id�e de mourir. Tuer pour ne pas mourir est un r�flexe avant de
penser � tuer pour survivre. Les poignards s�affermissent au bout des poignets,
la danse de mort que conna�t si bien la foule peut commencer. Elles se tournent
vers la loge imp�riale et prononcent ensemble&nbsp;:

��&nbsp;Ave Caesar, moriturae te
salutant&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

Clodia a repris un
certain int�r�t pour le spectacle qui n�est plus la boucherie sordide du matin.
Elle se souvient tout de suite des combats que son �poux l�oblige � voir de
temps en temps � Capoue, chez ce rustre de Batiatus qui la d�vore des yeux.
Elle trouve assommantes ses explications techniques � son mari, mais elle est
fascin�e par les longs sexes de fauves qui battent sur les cuisses des
combattants, m�me si elle feint de ne rien en laisser para�tre. Marcus Gaius
n�est jamais dupe, tant il sait que la nuit prochaine son �pouse ne le laissera
pas s�endormir avant l�aube. Parfois, une coupure sur les verges, ces cibles
privil�gi�es, la fait venir, langue coll�e au palais, l�vre rong�e au
sang.� Marcus Gaius s�est l�g�rement
relev� de son si�ge, car il lui a sembl� fugacement reconna�tre les
gladiatrices. 

&nbsp;

Les amantes sont
tomb� en garde par r�flexe, comme tant d�autres gladiateurs avant elles. Les
mottes ch�ries leur apparaissent comme le trou noir de l�enfer dans lequel
aucune ne veut tomber. La poitrine de l�autre semble tressauter grotesquement,
le go�t de leurs baisers leur r�pugne brutalement. Elles ont soudainement honte
de leur diff�rence �tal�e au grand jour, dont chacune veut punir l�autre. La
passion autant que l�ardeur du soleil �chauffe rapidement les jeunes corps. La
sueur se m�lange aux huiles parfum�es dont leurs torses ont �t� oints. 

&nbsp;

Elagia se fend
maladroitement la premi�re, et tombe le nez dans le sable sous les rires de la
foule. Casilda est rest�e immobile, incapable de prendre son avantage. Elagia
roule � terre pour s��carter et se rel�ve. Casilda fonce enfin, la sica point�e
droit devant elle. Elle �ventrerait un ours, mais Elagia s�est d�rob� comme
devant un taureau furieux, en dardant par r�flexe le glaive brillant. La ligne
de l��paule de Casilda est profond�ment entam�e, la clavicule appara�t un court
instant avant d��tre noy�e sous une rigole vermeille. Elle grimace, ploie le
genou, et se jette presque, en rampant furieusement, sur celle qui l�aimait
hier. Elagia a pu saisir son poignet avant que le fil de la sica s�enfonce
compl�tement dans son ventre. Une plaie profonde lui dessine une ceinture de
sang. Elles roulent ensemble � terre, leurs l�vres se cherchent pour se mordre.
Elles ont tant explor� leurs corps qu�elles en connaissent les moindres
secrets. Les lames des sicae s�incurvent au bout des poignets bloqu�s pour crever
un �il, balafrer la joue qui a tant r�confort�, d�couper les mamelons
tendrement aspir�s jusqu�� l�aube. Elles hurlent de souffrance et de col�re
chaque fois que les rasoirs fendent les peaux sous la pellicule de sable ocre. 

&nbsp;

Le spectacle est
d�une beaut� et d�une sauvagerie exceptionnelles. Nul doute que la foule
demandera la gr�ce de celle qui se rel�vera. La lutte se prolonge depuis
quelques minutes d�j�, et sous les deux furies, la t�che de sang sur le sable
s��largit de plus en plus.��� 

&nbsp;

Ce sont maintenant
des b�tes par�es d�un linceul ensanglant� qui s�entrem�lent au milieu de
l�ar�ne. De cette fontaine de chair �merge enfin la lame ac�r�e d�une sica. La
pointe du couteau se l�ve m�caniquement pour trancher dans les grandes l�vres
dodues d�une fente lac�r�e. Avec un choc sourd, elle rebondit sur l�os pubien
et d�vie sur le fragile pistil de la fleur incandescente. Comme au ralenti, la
lame s��l�ve et retombe une derni�re fois. Les jeunes corps exsangues mais
apais�s pour l��ternit� semblent se dissoudre ensemble dans l�ar�ne.

&nbsp;

La foule applaudit
longuement et N�ron s�empresse de s�approprier les vivats en se levant et en
saluant � son tour.

&nbsp;

La fin de
l�apr�s-midi dessine des zones d�ombre depuis le d�but des gradins � l�est du
Colis�e, quand quatre nouvelles chr�tiennes sont � leur tour pouss�es �
l�abattoir. Choqu�es par le combat � mort qui vient de se d�rouler, elles
remercient Dieu d�avoir �t� pr�serv�es d�un semblable duel et esp�rent une mort
prompte. Lorsqu�un troupeau de buffles se pr�sente par la Porte Triomphale,
elles pressentent que leur mort sera tout aussi atroce et elles s�agenouillent
en se cachant le visage.

Les forces leur
manquent et elles se laissent d�v�tir sans r�sistance devant les turris. Dos au
sol,� leurs membres sont li�s � de
grandes lani�res, les cordes des poignets sont elles-m�mes assujetties sur les
pitons en bronze qui ont connu le supplice de leurs s�urs. Plus loin, les liens
de leurs chevilles sont fix�s au licol d�un buffle. Les huit bourreaux qui vont
fouetter les buffles sont dispers�s sur toute la largeur de l�ar�ne. Lorsque
les m�les s��branlent lentement, les corps supplici�s s��tendent
prodigieusement, avec un ignoble craquement des jointures. Les hurlements
d�agonie se m�lent en une cantate unique de douleur, de pleurs et de
suppliques. Les tortionnaires ralentissent la traction des instruments vivants
en maintenant totalement rigides les beaux corps dont les vulves b�antes sont
offertes � la concupiscence de la foule. Quatre centurions s�avancent, porteurs
d��paisses cordes mal d�grossies. Les barbes sont de v�ritables �chardes qu�ils
s�appliquent � ne pas saisir tandis qu�ils d�posent les cordes par un bout sur
les ventres de leurs victimes avant de faire passer l�autre bout sous leurs
dos. Ils r�unissent la corde par ses deux extr�mit�s puis se reculent de
quelques pas.

&nbsp;

Les femmes dans la
foule ont compris bien avant les hommes ce qui �tait pr�vu et elles pouffent
ensemble pour cacher leur embarras, imaginant par avance les souffrances que
vivent les chr�tiennes tandis que les l�gionnaires ont commenc� de faire aller
et venir leur barbare instrument de torture. Sur un rythme lent afin que les
cordes trouvent leur assise dans l�ouverture naturelle, ils tirent
alternativement d�une main, puis de l�autre, la corde rugueuse en
s�encourageant mutuellement. Ils prennent plaisir � profaner les niches
d�amour, eux qui ne connaissent que les plaisirs ancillaires h�tivement
consomm�s. 

&nbsp;

Les l�gionnaires
ont maintenant trouv� un rythme un peu plus soutenu qui permet � la corde de
passer plus vigoureusement, usant simplement les muqueuses � vif. Mais
cependant, au bout de quelques instants, perlent les premi�res gouttes de sang
chass�es par l�infernal va et vient. Malgr� l�effroyable traction, des ventres
parviennent � onduler dans le fallacieux espoir de soustraire � la morsure des
�chardes les puits sacr�s. Mais, inexorablement, les cordes creusent un sillon
fatidique dans l�entrejambe f�minin. Les chairs superficielles sont brutalement
entam�es, les plus graves l�sions nappent d�un sinistre rouge � l�vres les
vulves ouvertes pour un baiser sanglant. Les capuchons des clitoris, refuges de
tant de secrets, disparaissent � leur tour tandis que les chr�tiennes hurlent
la douleur de la perte de leur f�minit�.

&nbsp;

C�est le signal
qu�attendaient les bourreaux pour exciter les buffles. Le souffle court, la
pl�be reprend ses esprits pour parier sur la premi�re paire de buffles qui
arrachera les membres de sa chr�tienne. Les esprits ne s��chauffent pas
longtemps, car la plus fr�le des chr�tiennes est rapidement d�membr�e. Son
torse g�t � peine sur le sol que ses s�urs l�accompagnent bien vite dans la
mort salvatrice.

�

Le maigre repas de
gruau et de pain rassis a �t� � peine effleur� par la poign�e de chr�tiennes
survivantes. Elles gisent prostr�es, blotties dans les bras l�une de l�autre.
Sulpicia s�applique � les r�conforter avec ses mots simples de fille de ferme.
Elle soul�ve la t�te des plus jeunes dans ses bras robustes, redresse une
tresse, arrange un pli et leur promet de rester pr�s d�elles jusqu�au bout.

Agathe semble
p�trifi�e dans un coin, les yeux ferm�s. Quand l�obscurit� a totalement envahi
l�immonde cachot, � peine �clair� par la lueur d�une maigre torche pos�e en
haut du mur qui fait face � la grille, elle se rel�ve souplement. Elle glisse
silencieusement par le c�t�, penche sa t�te � travers les barreaux, et enfile
tout doucement la cl� dans le p�ne. Un d�clic sonore r�sonne douloureusement
dans sa t�te. Elle retient son souffle quelques instants. Pas un bruit hormis de
lointains ronflements. Elle pousse tout doucement la lourde grille, sans
l��branler d�un pouce. Incr�dule, elle pousse encore. Rien. Elle regarde
d�sesp�r�ment partout avant de d�couvrir un second p�ne au-dessus de sa t�te.
Le c�ur oppress�, elle enfonce tr�s vite sa cl�. Elle force pour la faire
tourner. Rien n�y fait. Elle comprend tr�s vite le pi�ge que l�inf�me romain
lui a tendu. Elle croit l�entendre rire tout l� haut dans la loge de C�sar.
Elle se retourne et regarde longuement ses s�urs qui l�observent debout sans
pouvoir respirer. Elle ont lu le d�couragement sans bornes sur ses traits
fatigu�s, et certaines �touffent un petit sanglot par respect pour elle. Elle
tombe � genoux et pousse un hurlement de haine animale.� 

&nbsp;

Chapitre V �
Cinqui�me jour - une journ�e ordinaire

&nbsp;

Des vieillards qui
esp�rent retrouver un peu de leur vigueur sexuelle si lointaine se sont lev�
tr�s t�t ce matin. Les patriciennes ont couvert leurs t�tes de mitres �
l�orientale. Vierges ou d�prav�es, elles sont toujours venues en chaise �
porteurs. Apr�s les naumachies, spectacle de joutes nautiques donn� sur
l�eau qui a envahi les foss�s, tous contemplent la tellam, cette machine
de guerre � bascule, orgueil des ing�nieurs romains, amen�e par les centuries
pendant la nuit.

&nbsp;

Lorsque l�empereur
se l�ve pour imposer le silence aux bucinae, les musiciens reposent leur
instrument � vent, les histrions interrompent leur pantomime et tous saluent
C�sar avec respect.

&nbsp;

Avec une moue de sa
lippe fate, N�ron a harangu� la foule d�cha�n�e en louant les vertus guerri�res
de Rome, et expliqu� comment ses ennemies seraient bris�es sur les turris

&nbsp;

Calpurnia s��tonne
un court instant des cercles concentriques aux couleurs de l�arc-en ciel
dessin�s au milieu des turris. Lorsqu�elle r�alise, elle se penche en pouffant
sur le cou de sa jeune cousine&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;C�est trop
dr�le, regarde bien, ils vont faire un concours de tir&nbsp;�. Drusilla a
secou� son �paule sans r�pondre, elle n�aurait d�cid�ment pas du revenir, mais
elle ne savait pas trop quoi faire d�autre aujourd�hui. Elle se demande ce que
le petit romain qui est assis un peu plus bas sur sa droite peut bien penser.
Le jeune gar�on est fascin�, les yeux brillants, et sa m�re semble le
surveiller de tr�s pr�s.

&nbsp;

- exercice
militaire

&nbsp;

Six chr�tiennes
vont constituer les vivants projectiles des deux vieux centurions. Aid�s par
les esclaves, ils ont r�p�t� depuis l�aube leurs sinistres gammes. Ils doivent
maintenant effectuer de sordides r�glages, et ils contraignent sous le fouet
leurs pauvres victimes � passer l�une apr�s l�autre sur une tare � bestiaux.
Les poids sont m�ticuleusement enregistr�s sur un papyrus, tandis que les
chr�tiennes g�missent tels des animaux qui se sentent men�s � l�abattoir. L�une
des martyres s�enfuit brusquement sur ses pieds nus et agiles avant d��tre
reprise. Elle est promptement ligot�e et abondamment flagell�e jusqu�� ce
qu�elle s�effondre. Elle demande pardon en tentant de s�enfoncer dans le sable
pour d�rober ses chairs path�tiques aux coupures impitoyables. C�est un tas
sanguinolent que les esclaves fic�lent et roulent en boule dans de lourdes
cha�nes avant de le pousser � coups de pied jusqu�� la base de la gigantesque
catapulte � torsion. 

Elle est soulev�e
yeux ferm�s et d�pos�e dans la large cuiller en guise de boulet. Pendant que
les esclaves tournent les manivelles pour bander le terrible engin de guerre,
la jeune chr�tienne �merge de sa prostration. Elle pousse un hurlement atroce
en s�apercevant qu�elle est incapable du moindre mouvement, lov�e au fond de la
niche en bois. Brutalement, elle a entendu un �&nbsp;click&nbsp;�
impressionnant, auquel a succ�d� un choc terrible lorsque la cuiller a percut�
contre l�arr�t. Un court instant, elle vole dans l�air avec une extraordinaire
sensation de bien-�tre et de libert�. Elle croit monter au ciel pendant cet
instant d�apesanteur fugace, son c�ur s�est arr�t� avant d�exploser en m�me
temps que son corps s��crase sur la turris. Quelques clameurs marquent leur
r�pugnance amus�e tandis que la bouillie du corps martyris� s��coule lentement
sur la paroi de la turris. Le centurion a marqu� un huit, d�ment enregistr� sur
un grand panneau. La seconde chr�tienne est devenue folle et secoue la t�te de
droite � gauche sans pouvoir s�arr�ter en riant continuellement. Son rire
strident indispose l�autre centurion, qui la calotte pour la faire taire tandis
qu�elle est renvers�e � son tour dans la cuiller. Un long sifflement. Elle
n�est plus qu�un amas de chair qui se d�verse doucement sur le flanc de la
tour. Un cinq seulement, un mauvais tir, qui exc�de encore davantage le
centurion.

Son rival� a lest� le petit poids de son prochain
projectile avec des cha�nes suppl�mentaires. La chr�tienne toute menue
dispara�t sous les �normes anneaux, ce qui ne l�emp�che pas de protester
vigoureusement. Pour mieux se concentrer, le tireur se penche un court instant
sur elle, le couteau � la main. Des borborygmes se font bient�t entendre tandis
qu�une langue tranch�e semble l�cher le sable. Un sept r�compense la r�gularit�
du plus vieux des centurions. Un neuf remet les deux tireurs pratiquement �
�galit�. Un autre huit obtenu en assommant l�avant-derni�re chr�tienne oblige
le plus jeune des deux centurions � bien jauger la derni�re martyre, une grosse
fille que les esclaves ont ligot� avec le plus grand mal. Pour qu�elle puisse
rester maintenue sans bouger au fond de la cuiller, le centurion a besoin de
plus de cha�nes sans ajouter davantage de poids. La solution lumineuse se fait
tr�s vite jour dans son esprit. Tandis que les esclaves s�emparent de ses
�paisses chevilles et la soul�vent � bout de bras en ahanant, le tortionnaire
fait siffler son glaive et d�capite les deux gros t�tons encombrants. Sans
d�semparer, les esclaves livrent rapidement un paquet pantelant de douleur �
l�effarant engin. Les spectateurs se concentrent sur la course du projectile.
Avec un �coeurant bruit mat, une gel�e sanglante s�est dessin� autour du dix.
Des parieurs exultent et se tapent dans le ventre tandis que des sesterces
changent de main.�� 

&nbsp;

L�apr�s-midi sera
consacr� � la r�daction des venationes, ces �pitaphes que les romains
gravent sur des colonnes publiques en m�moire des anc�tres, et les chr�tiennes
ont gagn� un court r�pit.

&nbsp;

Chapitre VI -
Sixi�me jour � Derniers supplices

&nbsp;

La derni�re nuit
des condamn�es � mort a �t� path�tique. Les chr�tiennes se comptent une
dizaine, le tragique chiffre d�or des romains pour une journ�e de spectacle.
Sulpicia et Agathe ont consol� leurs s�urs toute la nuit, caressant les
visages, les encourageant � prier et � manger un peu pour reprendre des forces.
Rien n�y a fait, les jeunes femmes �plor�es sont � bout, min�es par l�angoisse
de l�attente, elles n�ont plus de forces pour se plaindre ou r�sister. 

Dans le petit matin
blafard, les cloches qui tintent pour l�ouverture du Colis�e r�sonnent comme le
glas de leur pauvre vie de p�cheresse. Dress�e dans le rai de lumi�re qui est
apparu � travers les barreaux de l�ar�ne, Agathe ressemble � un ange de lumi�re
qui leur donnerait le r�confort d�une absolution mis�ricordieuse. Elles ont
toutes oubli� qu�Agathe n�a re�u aucun sacrement, tant elles veulent �couter
ses paroles apaisantes.

Le grincement de la
grille rouill�e est un coup de poignard qui vrille leurs entrailles. Les quatre
chr�tiennes choisies par les gardes sont arrach�es des bras de leurs s�urs
pendant qu�une fois encore Agathe et Sulpicia ont �t� repouss�es � coup de
lances. 

Nues, elles sont
dirig�es au pied des passerelles qui m�nent au sommet des turris. Chacune est
contrainte de gravir son chemin de croix en portant les cha�nes de l�ancre d�un
navire. Elles ploient sous l��norme fardeau, stimul�es � coup de fouet qui
marbrent leurs fines chevilles. Ext�nu�es, elles ach�vent leur calvaire en
s�effondrant sur les plates-formes. Les esclaves ne leur laissent aucun r�pit
et encerclent leurs jambes avec les maillons �normes. Aucune ne peut maintenant
se redresser pour assister � la mont�e des centurions.

Tandis que les
esclaves redescendent pr�cipitamment, chaque centurion pr�sente � la foule un
grand panier d�osier, en tenant de l�autre main une torche.

Hagardes, �puis�es,
les jeunes chr�tiennes les voient saisir ensemble les anses et renverser les
paniers d�s que N�ron leur a fait signe.

Lorsque les cobras
royaux se sont �vad�, Agathe a compris toute la perfidie romaine. Les mains
libres, mais les jambes entrav�es, les jeunes femmes ne pourront �chapper au
pi�ge que les centurions leur pr�parent en repoussant les reptiles avec leurs
torches. Le pire cauchemar prend forme quand les serpents ondulent tr�s vite
devant elles.� Une dizaine de cobras
tourne maintenant autour des martyres, qui rampent d�sesp�r�ment le long des
bords de la tour. Elles sont trop terroris�es pour seulement se plaindre,
tirant de leur mains, avec la vigueur que donne une peur absolue, les �normes
cha�nes qui les paralysent. Les sifflements des t�tes mena�antes se sont
rapproch�, nul espoir, aucune gr�ce ne sont � envisager. L�une des chr�tiennes
choisit courageusement sa fin. Elle se laisse glisser au dessus du bord de la
turris dans un grand cri. Les autres se d�placent sans cesse jusqu�� ce que
leurs forces les trahissent. Les capuchons brun-vert des grands reptiles se
balancent au-dessus de leurs proies, les queues claquent furieusement contre le
plancher. Un sursaut convulsif, puis un autre, ponctu� de cris horribles, puis
le retrait des t�tes plates dont les crocs suintent encore, et qui semblent
observer l�effet de leurs attaques. L�une apr�s l�autre, elles sont piqu�es, et
chaque morsure scand�e par la foule injecte un peu plus de venin dans le c�ur
d�Agathe. C�est Sulpicia qui la console � son tour, tandis qu�elle tremble,
elle qui a tant r�confort� les autres.

Elle n�est pas
autoris�e � l�aider davantage. Les centurions se sont empar� d�elle, la tenant
au bout de leurs lances comme l�on pique du b�tail pour la faire avancer. Les
derni�res chr�tiennes, sauf Agathe, ont �t� pr�sent�es � la foule en liesse
pendant que Sulpicia �tait pr�par�e dans la chambre d�appel des gladiateurs. La
jeune g�ante a eu le privil�ge de choisir ses armes. Elle a pris un scutulum,
sorte de petit bouclier qui lui permettra de parer les coups de griffes, ainsi
qu�un trident. Enti�rement nue, elle a d�daign� la cotte de maille qui lui
�tait offerte afin de ne pas s�alourdir. Elle toise maintenant, yeux dans les
yeux � la m�me hauteur, le gladiateur qui lui fait face. Celui-ci a reconnu une
femme d�exception, et il lui donne en apart� de brefs conseils, d��gal � �gale.��� 

&nbsp;

Lorsqu�elle p�n�tre
dans l�ar�ne � son tour, les derni�res chr�tiennes, une m�re et ses trois
jeunes filles, sont juch�es au sommet de la turris qui fait face � N�ron. Elles
sont recroquevill�es ensemble, comme soud�es par une tragique d�ploration.
Elles ont lev� les bras au ciel pour implorer le pardon de leur Dieu et une
mort rapide. En �cho � leurs pri�res, un rugissement est mont� depuis la
fauverie. Alors que Sulpicia est encore d�sorient�e par l�immensit� de l�ar�ne,
elle a aussi entendu le sinistre avertissement. Elle court tout de suite pour
rejoindre le d�part de la passerelle. Juste � temps. Les lions de Galil�e, trois
grands m�les dont la large crini�re fauve claque comme une banni�re, se sont
d�plac� souplement devant elle. Ils l�observent paresseusement, presque avec
ennui, en ronronnant doucement. Ils se d�placent sournoisement sur ses flancs,
pour la tester. A chaque �lan plus net, ils rencontrent un trident point�
fermement sous leur museau. Ils s��nervent petit � petit, impatients de
rejoindre la nourriture qui leur est promise. Ils ne sont plus aliment�s depuis
trois jours. L�odeur du sang menstruel de la jeune chr�tienne, qui s�est de
nouveau r�pandu sur le sable, attise brutalement leur app�tit. Avec un
rugissement profond, le plus jeune a bondi sur Sulpicia. Sous les
applaudissements de la foule, elle a fait un pas de c�t� au dernier moment et
le fauve est pass� au-dessus de sa t�te, tandis qu�elle le gratifiait d�un coup
de trident vigoureux.

Le lion a pouss� un
horrible rugissement de rage en retombant au sol. Il est s�rieusement bless� et
l�che furieusement ses profondes blessures. Un vieux m�le a observ� avec toute
son exp�rience le premier sang qui a coul�. Tandis que Sulpicia se remet en
garde, il ex�cute un crochet pour incurver sa course au dernier instant. La
puissance de la jeune athl�te lui a permis de suivre la course jusqu�au bout et
de pr�senter encore une fois les pointes du harpon devant le mufle de la b�te.
Elle darde son arme comme un coup de fouet. Un cri �tonn� de la foule. Le fauve
secoue f�rocement sa hure, il a perdu un oeil. Pour la premi�re fois, la foule
semble du c�t� d�une chr�tienne, et N�ron ne manque pas, en fin politique, de
sentir ce subtil changement. Sulpicia est brutalement alert�e par les
avertissements de la foule, mais elle se retourne juste un peu trop tard. Des
griffes ont saisi sa jambe, et elle roule au sol � son tour. Le dernier fauve
h�site un peu, puis franchit la passerelle sous les cris d�angoisse de la
foule.

&nbsp;

Marcus Gaius a
saisi le bras de Clodia et de leur amie Fulvia&nbsp;:

&nbsp;

�&nbsp;C�est
elle&nbsp;! Je la reconnais&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;Qui
�a&nbsp;?&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;Elle et les
autres, les actrices. Mais enfin, souvenez-vous, la pi�ce de Plaute, dans
l�amphit��tre de la Via Appia&nbsp;!&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;Quelle
horreur, toutes ces jeunes actrices qui nous ont tant charm�Elles avaient m�me
fini compl�tement �puis�es, tant il faisait chaud&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;Oh, non, pas
elles&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;! J��tais m�me all� f�liciter celle qui jouait
Ath�na&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;Marcus, tu
dois aller demander � N�ron la gr�ce de celle-l�, au moins&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

Agathe �merge
lentement de son �tat second. Elle a pass� sa t�te au travers des barreaux pour
sentir une bise l�g�re rafra�chir ses joues fi�vreuses. Elle a vu comme dans un
r�ve Sulpicia franchir la maudite barri�re. Elle s�en remet � elle, d�sormais.
Puis, son corps a commenc� � vibrer doucement avec les premi�res feintes de son
amie. Quand elle tombe au sol, renvers�e par le coup de patte, Agathe secoue
les barreaux comme une d�mente. Sans m�me r�aliser ce qu�elle est en train de
faire, elle prend la cl� jet�e dans un coin et sort de la cellule.

Personne. Tous les
gladiateurs et les esclaves regardent le spectacle depuis une loge interm�diaire
un peu plus haut.

Elle vient de
surgir dans l�ar�ne sous les cris de surprise. Junon magnifique, nue, elle
s�est empar� de la longue �p�e des mirmillons et a rev�tu son noble visage d�un
cimier en forme de t�te de poisson.

&nbsp;

Sulpicia a ceintur�
dans une �treinte puissante le buste du fauve qui agonise. Elle tente de se
d�rober aux coups de griffe ralentis qui z�brent ses flancs et aux morsures
puantes qui lac�rent ses seins. Elle est s�v�rement bless�e maintenant et ses
cris de douleur se m�lent aux rugissements du fauve.

&nbsp;

Calpurnia pose la
main sur l��paule de Drusilla. En m�me temps qu�elle, des milliers de romains
ont retenu leur respiration. Allong� dans son triclinium, le lit � trois
places, N�ron lui-m�me a repouss� l�esclave cach�e par les monumentales
tentures tiss�es en fil d�or, qui manipule doucement sa verge. Captiv� par le
duel incertain, il s�est redress� et reste pench� au-dessus de la rambarde.

&nbsp;

Agathe a distrait
le vieux m�le avant qu�il ne se rue sur Sulpicia. C�est elle qui tourne autour
de lui et le presse pour franchir la passerelle. Le fauve secoue f�rocement sa
crini�re pour se d�barrasser de son �il qui pend sur son mufle. Affol� par la
douleur et la rage, � moiti� aveugl�, il charge sans discernement.

Sulpicia s�affaiblit
doucement. Une patte a trouv� son flanc. Elle est rest�e incrust�e dans ses
chairs qu�elle creuse par saccades. Dans un supr�me effort, sa main a trouv�
l�extr�mit� du trident derri�re sa t�te. Elle trouve la force de s�en saisir
pour poignarder inlassablement la crini�re d�go�tante de sang.

&nbsp;

Le dernier lion est
parvenu au sommet de la turris en flairant la piste de la jeune chr�tienne.
Excit� par les cris de la foule, il bondit imm�diatement sur la famille
prostr�e qui s��gaille en hurlant. Il s�est dirig� tout de suite sur la proie
qu�il recherchait, et son mufle a fil� vers le bas-ventre de la jeune
chr�tienne. Les puissantes m�choires se sont referm� sur les l�vres charnues de
la vulve, tandis que la martyre hurle en frappant le mufle assassin de ses
petits poings volontaires.

&nbsp;

Sulpicia est
parvenu � rejeter la d�pouille qui semble la v�tir d�une fourrure fra�chement
taill�e et se rel�ve en chancelant. 

Agathe a frapp� un
coup d�estoc qui a d�vi� la course fr�n�tique du vieux m�le. Le mufle affreusement
labour�, un croc cass�, il rugit en pulv�risant des myriades de gouttes de sang
dans l�azur du ciel. Puis il charge encore. Agathe doit �courter leur duel �
mort. Elle se pr�cipite � sa rencontre et bloque brutalement sa course. Un
genou � terre en effa�ant le buste, elle a enfonc� son arme dans le c�ur du
lion.

Sulpicia s�est
effondr�. Elle baigne dans son sang, bras en croix. Emport�e par l�impact, main
crisp�e sur le glaive massif, Agathe se rel�ve en extirpant la lourde �p�e de
bronze. Elle frappe de taille le corps pantelant, encore et encore. Puis elle
se ressaisit et court pr�s de son amie. Elle soul�ve sa t�te, mais Sulpicia
trouve la force de la repousser&nbsp;: �&nbsp;Les autres�.&nbsp;�, avant de
refermer les yeux � jamais. 

La foule est au
bord de l�hyst�rie quand Agathe franchit la passerelle. Ses pieds semblent
voler sur la passerelle et rebondir sur les rondins en ch�ne � chaque foul�e.
Elle tombe sur un d�sastre. Deux des s�urs gisent mourantes, la derni�re est
gri�vement bless�e, et le fauve se rel�ve du cadavre de la m�re pour l�achever.
Agathe a eu la lucidit� de passer devant le soleil flamboyant qui �blouit le
jeune m�le impatient et rassasi�. Il avance doucement en feulant longuement.
Agathe a recul� jusqu�au bord de la turris. Elle l�excite du plat de l��p�e, et
la patte du fauve joue avec la pointe comme un chat avec une pelote de laine.
Puis elle se fend brutalement en s��cartant sur le c�t�. Le jeune fauve a rugi
de col�re, le naseau fr�missant et sensible a �t� entaill�. Il bondit instantan�ment,
face au soleil. La proie s�est d�rob�, l�ombre flamboyante ouvre ses bras et il
bascule dans le vide dans un saut �perdu de terreur.

La foule est rest�e
muette de surprise. Puis monte le nom repris bient�t par des centaines, puis
des milliers de poitrines&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;AGATHE � AGATHE � �&nbsp; et bient�t scand� �&nbsp;A-GATHE,
A-GATHE, A-GATHE&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

Regulus a tr�s vite
rejoint N�ron dans sa loge, car il&nbsp;a senti le danger. Il ne peut tout
simplement pas admettre que la seule � qui il ait promis par forfanterie de
tuer N�ron pour conqu�rir son c�ur soit �pargn�e.��� 

N�ron secoue avec
d�pit ses bajoues molles. Partout les acclamations se l�vent pour r�clamer la
gr�ce de la stupide chr�tienne qui a g�ch� le d�roulement des jeux si parfaits
jusque l�. Il vient d��conduire s�chement Marcus Gaius � la porte de sa loge et
se tient h�sitant depuis un long moment. Regulus per�oit son embarras et lui
souffle quelques mots � l�oreille.

Soulag�, N�ron se
penche par dessus la tribune&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;Romains, je
viens d�apprendre que ces inf�mes chr�tiens, non contents d�avoir br�l� vos
maisons et vos temples, ont sacrifi� � leur ignoble Dieu des nouveaux-n�s, dans
la demeure du noble s�nateur Albus apr�s l�avoir tu�&nbsp;� Il s�interrompt,
conscient de son effet, avant de reprendre la voix bris�e par l��motion
�&nbsp;Je vous le demande solennellement, � Romains, quel sort pour ces
monstres&nbsp;?&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;A
MORT&nbsp;�, r�pond la foule unanime et boulevers�e.

Agathe a hurl� en
vain pour couvrir les mensonges du fossoyeur de ses soeurs. Sa vaine
protestation est emport�e par la mar�e grondante des impr�cations de la pl�be.

N�ron prend le
temps de d�visager celle qui a d�fi� un court instant la volont� du Dieu
vivant. Puis son pouce se retourne lentement pour d�signer le sol.

&nbsp;

Deux centurions
montent dans la turris. Ils sont arm�s d�un filet pour capturer la rebelle,
mais ils n�en auront pas besoin. Agathe est rest�e assise, mais Clodia s�est
lev�e de son si�ge � bout de nerfs. Marcus Gaius, �chaud� par l�agacement de
N�ron, court derri�re elle dans le couloir qui longe le vomitorium.

&nbsp;

Un �clat de rire
g�n�ral a salu� l�entr�e d�un jeune lion, retardataire �gar� qui dormait encore
quelques minutes auparavant. Il flaire les d�pouilles de sa race quelques
instants, puis se penche sur Sulpicia en secouant son cadavre � petits coups de
patte craintifs.

&nbsp;

Drusilla entend une
voix enfantine s��lever un peu plus bas � sa droite&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;Maman,
regarde le pauvre lion qui n�a pas sa chr�tienne&nbsp;�. Au lieu de s�esclaffer
comme tout le monde autour d�elle, Drusilla prend enfin sa d�cision. Elle soul�ve
le bras pass� autour de son cou par sa cousine et se d�gage du contact
r�pugnant. Elle sait que t�t ou tard, elle trouvera le chemin des catacombes �
son tour. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapitre VII -
Septi�me jour � le martyre de Sainte Agathe

&nbsp;

Clodia s��vente
nerveusement en attendant dans la chaise � porteurs. Elle vient de remarquer
une silhouette �lanc�e � la d�marche h�sitante de somnambule sur le majestueux
perron du Colosseum.

Son regard erre
longuement sur les carceres, les enceintes du monument, et se voile
quand montent les clameurs barbares. La jeune fille qui continue de s�approcher
pleure en silence. Clodia soul�ve le l�ger voilage pour ouvrir sa porte en
silence. Elle prend Drusilla dans ses bras. La fille du peuple et la
patricienne n��changeront plus un mot.

&nbsp;

Ce dernier matin,
dans les loges fr�quent�es par les courtisanes, fr�mit sous la brise naissante
une mer d�umbellae, larges ombrelles multicolores sto�quement tenues �
bout de bras par des esclaves trop heureux de ne pas �tre eux-m�mes dans
l�ar�ne.

C�est jour de f�te
puisque la r�volte des chr�tiens va �tre d�finitivement �radiqu�e avec le
supplice de celle d�sign�e par N�ron comme la derni�re reine de la secte,
petite fille putative de ce J�sus l�Iscariote.

Les quatre turris
ont br�l� toute la nuit, �clairant de flammes infernales les esclaves charg�s
de construire une immense plate-forme carr�e avec des ch�nes des Druzzes. Elle
est surmont�e d�une autre plus petite, mais circulaire et capable de pivoter
sur un axe soigneusement graiss�. A environ cinq m�tres du sol, bien visible de
partout, une grande croix de Saint Andr� a �t� dress�e.

Les centurions
affect�s au supplice d�Agathe se pr�parent dans l�ergastulum, la chambre
de punition des esclaves. Ils sont les trois derniers � n�avoir pris
directement part � aucun supplice. Marcellus Aurelius est le plus vieux. Il
regrette am�rement que les lions n�aient pas pris la vie d�Agathe, car tout
serait dit.

Il �tait des gardes
qui ont tu� les nouveaux- n�s des chr�tiens dans la villa d�Albus pour venger
le meurtre du s�nateur. Aujourd�hui que sa soif de vengeance est assouvie, il
est �branl� par le mensonge de N�ron et le courage des chr�tiennes.

L�encre de seiche
recouvre le grand panneau accroch� � une turris qui relate les crimes
d�Agathe.

Epitaphe honteuse,
les mensonges du tyran soul�vent pourtant des vagues d�indignation, et les
murmures deviennent des clameurs quand Agathe fait son entr�e dans l�ar�ne. Des
forcen�s tentent de franchir la spina, la piste qui les s�pare de
l�ar�ne, mais ils doivent reculer lorsque les pilums des centurions se font
mena�ants.

&nbsp;

Clodia s�est assise
aux c�t�s de son �poux. Elle lui chuchote quelque chose � l�oreille. Il la fait
r�p�ter, incr�dule, avant de se tourner vers Fulvia pour lui apprendre comment
Albus est effectivement mort. La conjuration des patriciens vient de d�buter �
cet instant pr�cis.

&nbsp;

Marcellus Aurelius
ne sera pas imm�diatement pr�pos� aux premiers supplices d�Agathe. Il tient
sans violence par le bras cette femme superbe qui avance sans fr�mir au centre
de l�ar�ne. Quelque chose passe en lui. Il ne sait pas encore quoi. Il voudrait
juste que tout finisse tr�s vite, un coup de glaive et une soir�e � s�enivrer
avec les putains pour oublier. 

L�autre centurion
s�appr�te � saisir fermement Agathe pour lui faire gravir les marches de
l�estrade, mais elle lui �chappe pour monter la premi�re et scander d�une voix
forte&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;Peuple de
Rome, mes fr�res, les chr�tiens sont innocents des crimes de Regulus. Je meurs
pour mon Dieu. Priez pour moi&nbsp;�.

N�ron a sursaut�.
Regulus a bl�mi. Ils savent tous les deux que la force d��me de la chr�tienne a
�mu une foule qui recommence � se souvenir du combat magnifique qu�elle a livr�
contre les lions. Ils n�ont pas besoin de se concerter pour savoir combien il
est important qu�elle abjure sa foi. Regulus descend rapidement � son tour dans
l�ar�ne. La moiteur de l�atmosph�re est exceptionnelle pour une fin de matin�e.

&nbsp;

Drusilla aussi est
revenue. Elle n�est pas � c�t� de Calpurnia. Elle cherche dans la foule des
visages pr�ts � pleurer comme elle. Il y a maintenant autant de visages
impassibles que de masques de haine ou de lubricit�.

&nbsp;

Les deux
l�gionnaires impassibles se sont empar� d�Agathe. Elle n�a pas voulu qu�ils la
touchent plus que n�cessaire et elle s�est elle-m�me d�v�tu. Elle contemple la
mar�e humaine stupide devant une telle beaut�, les bras ballants, sans
provocation. Les femmes sont � la fois jalouses devant ce corps parfait et
touch�es par tant de gr�ce virginale. Certaines b�tes humaines savourent
simplement le spectacle de formes qui ne seront jamais que lascives � leurs
yeux et inaccessibles � leur d�sir. Ils se consolent avec de grandes rasades de
vin et mordent dans des quartiers de viande comme si les seins d�Agathe
remplissaient leur bouche. Maintenant, les plus excit�s n'osent se soulager que
dans les puantes latrinae.

&nbsp;

Tandis que s�envole
dans la brise nerveuse la stola qu�Agathe a n�gligemment laiss�
retomber, Regulus franchit l�escalier d�un pas saccad�. Son visage est cach�
par l�un de ces masques de fureur, si familiers � Agathe et dont se parent les
histrions grecs. 

Il crache ses
ordres et Agathe est bient�t li�e aux branches r�ches de la croix, t�te en bas.

Le corps superbe
ondule quelques instants pour trouver sa place. Des hommes se sont pouss� du
coude en commentant les d�hanchements suggestifs, mais Marcellus Aurelius a
regard� ailleurs.

Comme Clodia, il
vient d�apprendre par certains centurions que Regulus a tu� Albus de ses
propres mains. Son univers est en train de se fissurer.

&nbsp;

Dans les loges
patriciennes circulent des �ufs de mur�ne marin�s dans de l�huile d�olive
�pic�e et une rumeur folle court dans le deambulatorium. Sur les bords
du Tibre, � quelques lieues des faubourgs, un grand nuage noir ratisse la
poussi�re et les feuilles.

&nbsp;

Regulus contemple
quelques instants le corps magnifique qu�il a poss�d� et qu�il va devoir
ruiner, car, il le sait, Agathe r�sistera tr�s longtemps.

Ses doigts
effleurent la taille fine et muscl�e de son amante. Toutes les femmes de
l�ar�ne le per�oivent sans le savoir, c�est comme si elles se sentaient aim�es
au m�me instant. Elles retiennent toutes leur souffle par haine, amour, respect
ou tendresse.

Il tend la main et
c�est Marcellus Aurelius qui est le plus pr�s des tenailles en bois. L�autre
centurion a commenc� de tisonner le foyer o� vont chauffer � blanc des pinces.
Sans �tat d��me, il a mis � fondre une barre de plomb dans une jatte en argile
d�un ocre profond.

Regulus se penche
un instant sur le beau visage aquilin qui commence � se congestionner l�g�rement.

�&nbsp;Tu peux
encore tout arr�ter&nbsp;: abjure maintenant et deviens mon esclave �
jamais&nbsp;�.

Agathe a p�li et
referm� les yeux sans r�pondre. A regrets, Regulus se recule lentement.

�&nbsp;Centurion,
fais ton office&nbsp;�.

&nbsp;

Drusilla a os�
poser les mains sur ses oreilles pour ne pas entendre les premiers hurlements
d�Agathe. Quand elle rouvre les yeux, pr�te � se laisser arr�ter, elle
s�aper�oit avec stupeur que personne n�a remarqu� son geste, tant la foule est
partag�e dans ses r�actions.

L�autre centurion
s�acquitte avec conscience de sa t�che. Il a d�abord caress� longuement les
longs mamelons r�tract�s, jouant avec les pointes des seins pour les �tirer,
soulevant les glandes pleines et fermes jusqu�au milieu du torse. Cette
pr�paration rituelle est incroyablement �rotique, car la peau luisante de sueur
glisse fr�quemment sous les doigts frustes du soldat. Pour �tre enfin efficace,
le bourreau finit par maintenir solidement de la main gauche une ample mamelle
dont il fait jaillir le bout de sein. Les femmes ont retenu leur respiration �
cet instant pr�cis, lorsque le mors en cuir de la tenaille s�empare du d�licat
bout de sein. Le centurion semble h�siter un instant, comme saisi par un doute.
Il se reprend tr�s vite et referme solidement la m�choire de son terrible engin.


Le hurlement
d�Agathe a �t� terrible. Le centurion a eu pour consigne de ne pas arracher le
t�tin, qui s�est r�tract�, tout m�ch�, mais des gouttes de sueur d�goulinent
sur le front de la jeune martyre. Elle g�mit encore lorsque son autre sein est pareillement
d�vast�. Ses hurlements continuels frappent la foule, car ils proviennent d�une
courageuse combattante, et beaucoup commencent � s�identifier � son supplice.
L�air est �touffant.

&nbsp;

Regulus a repouss�
le centurion. Il siffle entre ses dents&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;Ce n�est
rien pour l�instant, tu pourras encore nourrir tes enfants si tu veux vivre.
Allez, abjure �&nbsp;�.

Le temps semble
retenu dans l�ar�ne. Une luminosit� particuli�re �claire le Colis�e, comme si
le soleil jetait pr�matur�ment ses derniers feux de la journ�e. Deux minces
filets de sang sourdent des ar�oles �raill�es par les tenailles infernales.
Elles se r�pandent sur le visage admirable, tissant un masque de douleur
farouche. Agathe g�mit �&nbsp;Je t�ai aim�VA EN ENFER&nbsp;�.

Regulus veille �
satisfaire tout le public. Il stimule d�un geste r�gulier les esclaves pr�pos�s
� faire tourner lentement le man�ge. Leurs sandales profond�ment enfonc�es dans
le sable, ils sont arc-bout�s sur leur pouss�e, le torse fich� dans les grandes
barres qui font ressembler l�estrade circulaire au gouvernail d�un navire.

Dans la foule,
certains ont commenc� � scander �&nbsp;Abjure,
Agathe&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;!Abjure, Agathe&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;!&nbsp;�.

N�ron vient de se
faire vomir par un esclave, pour faire de la place � un excellent g�teau de
myrtilles au miel de Sicile. Il est m�content de la tournure des �v�nements,
mais la position de la chr�tienne lui inspire une id�e d�moniaque pour mieux la
bafouer. Il repousse l'analecta, l'esclave pr�pos� � ramasser les restes
des repas. Ses ordres martel�s � l�oreille d�un grand eunuque sont brefs et
pr�cis.

&nbsp;

Avant que Regulus
ne donne l�ordre de reprendre le supplice, les yeux lev�s vers l�horizon
mena�ant, un esclave de N�ron monte � grandes enjamb�es sur la plate-forme. Le
gigantesque mandingue secoue ses �paules pour laisser retomber sa grossi�re sisura
et se d�v�t devant la foule, r�v�lant des proportions exceptionnelles, m�me
pour un noir. Les hommes ricanent de jalousie, tant ils aimeraient se voir
munis d�un tel gourdin pour fouetter eux aussi la croupe d�Agathe. Mais le gros
sexe ballotte longuement d�une fesse � l�autre, liane d��b�ne qui ne sait que
flageller sans pouvoir p�n�trer. Le d�sarroi du grand n�gre est presque comique
maintenant. Il tente maladroitement d�introduire son gland, trop gros, trop
mou, dans le plus petit des orifices qui lui sont offerts. Sous les hu�es de la
foule, il finit par renoncer, le visage cramoisi. Le mot de miracle a commenc�
de se r�pandre dans certains gradins.

Les archers
attendent aux pieds de la plate-forme le g�ant noir. Leurs traits sont
rapidement d�coch�s. Tandis que l�immense cadavre est port� aux tigres, Regulus
s�est de nouveau approch� &nbsp;�Tu lui as jet� un sort, hein, maudite
chr�tienne&nbsp;? Eh bien, tu vas regretter ce sexe qui ne t�a pas
p�n�tr�&nbsp;�.

Marcus Aurelius
sent un poids �norme sur sa poitrine, qui s�ajoute � la pression atmosph�rique
tr�s basse. Il est las, fatigu� au del� de tout entendement. Mais il se l�ve
quand m�me pour se saisir de la corne de b�uf �vid�e.

Il vient de monter
sur la plate-forme et ses yeux ont capt� le regard intense de la jeune femme.
-ne fais pas �a- semble-t-elle dire avec ses immenses yeux verts dont il ne
peut plus se d�tacher, bien qu�ils soient invers�s.

Avec douceur, il
introduit lentement la pointe coup�e de la corne, attentif � ne pas blesser la
tendre ouverture avec les asp�rit�s des bords �br�ch�s de la pointe. Il n�a pas
encore pris sa d�cision avec sa t�te, mais son corps a commenc� de prot�ger la
jeune martyre.

D�un pas m�canique,
il redescend chercher le seau de plomb fondu qui bouillonne encore. 

Il remonte
lentement sur la plate-forme avant de s�immobiliser compl�tement. La foule
per�oit par instinct que quelque chose va se produire. Au loin, un coup de
tonnerre a sembl� donner le d�part du d�sastre. Tr�s vite, Marcus Aurelius
renverse la jatte et son contenu sur Regulus. Il redescend en courant les
marches en s�emparant au passage de son pilum et se pr�cipite vers la loge
imp�riale. De toute part sifflent des lances et des fl�ches. Le corps
transperc�, le centurion a lanc� son pilum dans un ultime et terrible effort.
La lourde lance fich�e dans la colonne dorique fr�mit un long moment au-dessus
de la t�te de N�ron. Allong� au sol, le roi du monde a fait sous lui.� 

Le regard hallucin�
du l�gionnaire a alert� Regulus juste � temps, et son sens du combat l�a fait
se rejeter en arri�re. Une fraction de seconde lui a suffi pour �chapper � la
pluie bouillante. Quelques gouttes finissent de consumer sa tunique, qu�il
rejette furieusement en arri�re. La foule commence de gronder, en �cho aux
coups de tonnerre rapproch�s, une sorte de murmure de r�probation assourdi,
d�o� ne fusent plus que de rares exclamations pour demander que reprenne le
supplice de la martyre.

N�ron s�est chang�
tr�s vite, il jette son peplum souill� au visage du grand eunuque. Celui-ci
sait d�j� qu�il sera mort ce soir pour avoir assist� � la d�ch�ance du tyran.

Regulus sent que
l��me profonde de la foule est en train de changer. Il faut acc�l�rer le
supplice, m�me si Agathe doit p�rir avant d�avoir reni� son Dieu. Un vent vif
semble envoyer en avant-garde quelques gouttes de pluie.

�

Il �te son casque
et se penche sur Agathe. Il contemple un court instant la grotesque
excroissance qui saille de la motte tant ch�rie. Sans plus d�h�sitation, il
donne un violent coup de poing.

�&nbsp;HAN&nbsp;�,
a fait Agathe, en poussant un long g�missement. La corne a presque disparu au
fond de son vagin, douloureusement bloqu�e par le col de sa matrice. Seul
d�passe le bord, troublant col blanc perch� au sommet d�une jungle exub�rante.
C�est une vulve d�os qui semble b�er pour l�ar�ne tout enti�re. 

Le dernier
centurion a tendu une louche fumante � Regulus. Les femmes croient sentir les
remugles d�l�t�res du plomb fondu, mais ce n�est pas dans le temple de Saturne
que ce pr�tre va faire offrande. Regulus soul�ve tr�s haut la louche, au vu de
tout le monde et surtout d�Agathe.

Le liquide en
fusion coule doucement. Les premi�res gouttes h�sitent sur les bords de la
corne, prennent le temps de fumer et de se refroidir, brodant un collier argent�
qui s��paissit tr�s vite. Le flux s�acc�l�re un peu. Un soubresaut et un long
r�le indiquent � la foule que les fragiles muqueuses viennent d��tre attaqu�es.
Un petit nuage de fum�e s��chappe au rythme des d�charges qui semblent frapper
le corps parfait. Ils ponctuent la souffrance qui bouleverse les formes
admirables pour le plaisir de la foule. 

Un craquement sourd
fend le c�ur des moins barbares. Les tendons des membres t�tanis�s de douleur
d�Agathe c�dent les uns apr�s les autres, car le feu a commenc� d�atteindre ses
entrailles.

Ses g�missements
touchent m�me Regulus. Les l�vres d�chir�es par les morsures murmurent&nbsp;:
�&nbsp;Tue-moi�.maintenant, tout de suite&nbsp;!&nbsp;!�.

�&nbsp;Abjure
d�abord, ne t�obstine pas�&nbsp;�.�� Le
visage d�figur� par la souffrance retombe. Regulus a besoin d�une diversion, il
doit retourner les sentiments de la foule. Ses doigts saisissent avec
pr�caution le bord de la corne, et il tire. Quand il rel�ve la t�te, il est
surpris de voir combien le nuage noir a mang� l�horizon.

Il s��carte
maintenant pour laisser officier le centurion, attentif � ne pas dissimuler la
vue � N�ron. 

Une pince rougie �
blanc luit dans l�ar�ne, car le soleil s�est compl�tement retir�. 

�&nbsp;ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz&nbsp;�.
�&nbsp;Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh&nbsp;�. 

�&nbsp;ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz&nbsp;�.
�&nbsp;Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz&nbsp;�.
�&nbsp;Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh&nbsp;�.

�&nbsp;ffffsssiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzz&nbsp;�.
�&nbsp;Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh&nbsp;�.

Dix, vingt fois,
l�horrible chuintement pr�c�de le cri d�agonie. La pince semble toujours
chercher quelques instants sa cible, mais ce n�est que pour mieux faire go�ter
les affres de l�attente � la chr�tienne. Ce sont les flancs des fiers t�tons
qui se couvrent d�abord de vilaines cloques au pus �carlate, qui recouvrent les
bleus laiss�s par les mors en bois. Puis ces cloques sont minutieusement
crev�es, et des pinces nouvellement port�es au rouge viennent saisir plus
profond�ment des lambeaux de chair de la jeune servante de Dieu. Malgr� les
violentes torsions de son buste pour leur �chapper, les baisers de feu ont
d�truit progressivement le tour des somptueuses mamelles. Ils les accompagnent
sans r�pit dans leurs soubresauts lascifs qui commencent � se ralentir. De plus
grosses tenailles attendent leur tour, et les femmes ont r�alis� d�s le d�but
leur tragique fonction.

Regulus tente de se
tailler un succ�s en deux temps. Il a repouss� le z�l� centurion. Sa main
plonge dans la fente outrag�e. Il exhibe maintenant � la foule silencieuse le
moulage du sexe profan�. La sombre sculpture semble la repr�sentation m�me du
viol et du mal. Une autre chape de plomb semble peser sur l�ar�ne. La foule a
baiss� la t�te sous un premier �clair. M�content de son effet rat�, Regulus
s�empare lui-m�me d�une �norme tenaille.

�&nbsp;YYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH&nbsp;�.
Il a saisi une longue pointe oblongue qui fume, et la presse en tournant son
instrument. Il tire un peu maintenant, puis de plus en plus fort. Il a manqu�
tomber en arri�re quand le bouton de sein et sa large ar�ole sont venus d�un
coup, noircis d�un sang calcin�. 

Regulus entend un
murmure d�agonie extatique&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;Quo vadis,
Domine&nbsp;?&nbsp;�

Le centurion a
ranim� Agathe avec des sels. C�est lui qui arrache l�autre bout de sein, il a
mordu plus profond�ment dans la glande et ahane un peu pour tordre et d�chirer
l�enveloppe des lobules. Regulus a tourn� la t�te pour capter les intentions de
cette pl�be dont il est issu, et son instinct lui dicte que quelque chose de
grave est en train de se passer. Des t�n�bres de fin du monde semblent s��tre
abattu sur l�ar�ne. Une pluie l�g�re a fait son apparition.

Regulus n�a pas un
regard pour le superbe corps d�vast�. Son bras se l�ve pour abr�ger la
boucherie et il plonge lui-m�me son �p�e dans le ventre ch�ri, depuis le sexe
mutil� jusqu�au sternum.��������� ������������������������������������������

Un haruspice se
h�te pour fouiller les entrailles avec sa culticula en bois afin de
pr�dire l�avenir que N�ron lui a command�. Il rel�ve bient�t un visage gris
d�inqui�tude et choisit le mensonge&nbsp;:

�&nbsp;C�sar, j�ai
vu ta longue vie, tu seras entour� de l�amour et du respect de ton peuple
entier&nbsp;�. N�ron s�est lev�. Il salue longuement la foule sans savoir que
ses jours sont compt�s � son tour. Sans savoir que la septi�me l�gion sous les
ordres du Consul Alba est � une journ�e de marche et qu�est proche le temps o�
il devra supplier un fid�le esclave de l�aider � enfoncer un glaive dans son
sein. Un d�luge chasse maintenant la foule. 

&nbsp;

�������������������������������������������������������
FIN

&nbsp;

������������������� �����������������������������������������������00035439

�����������������������������������������
Sceau officiel CopyrightDepot.com �mis
��������������������������������������������������������
le 02 04 04 � 15:12 (HE)

����������������������������������� �����������Consulter le
site CopyrightDepot.com







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lionrobe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





