BDSM Library - Black Family\'s Nasty Adventures




Black Family\'s Nasty Adventures
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A raunchy frame-story about the dirty antics of varous members of an incestous family. Think of a pornographic \"Arabian Nights,\" only with no literary merit.






Once there was a 14 year old black fuckslut named Ayesha. Ayesha was a
wanton whore who loved the big black cocks sported by the men in her
family. Her addiction to incestuous black fuckstick had started about a
year back, and she'd been fucked by her three older brothers and her
father almost nonstop since then.

One day, she came home from school to find her mother knealing naked in
the kitchen, sucking noisily on her 18 year old brother Bob's shiny
footlong cock. Her mother, whose name was Carol, was ramming two of her
long black fingers in and out of her soaked cunt, which she kept
completely shaved. Carol was sucking her son's huge cock with long
strokes, deep-throating the fat black meat over and over, cramming its
thickness deep into her throat. Bob had hold of her nipples and was
pulling and twisting them as Carols energetic cocksucking made her huge
42DD tits shake furiously.

Ayesha was turned on by this hot sight, and reached under her short
tight skirt to finger her dampening pussy. She never wore underwear to
school, loving to give boys beaver shots during class and watch the
bulges in their jeans grow. She kept her cunt shaved, and
"absentmindedly" spreading her legs so that a large group of boys could
see every detail of her wet open slit made her incredibly horny, and had
often gotten her into situations where she could satisfy her cocklust.
Now, her naked pussy meant that she could hike up her skirt and ram
three fingers into her soaking box, ramming them in and and and twisting
them to stretch her tight cunt. Her hard nipples were clearly visible
through her tight thin blouse; she went braless to show off her firm
38Ds and her usually-stiff nipples to the guys at school.

As she finger-fucked herself and watched her mother and brother absorbed
in a hot cocksucking session, her 17-year-old brother Dan came into the
room. He was naked, and his cock, the same size as his brother's,
quickly got hard at the sights in the kitchen. He walked behind Ayesha
and cupped her big jugs, announcing his presense to her. She removed the
fingers with which she was reaming her cunt and ground her hot snatch
against the fat plum-sized cockhead which was now pushing against her
cuntlips. She bent over, and let out a moan as her brother guided his
enormous prick past the entrance to her drenched tight fuckhole and,
with one long thrust, impaled her on a full foot of cock.

When she let out a groan as she was stuffed with meat, her mother Carol
and oldest brother Bob looked over. Carol pulled her mouth off of her
son's prong to greet her daughter, moving to give her a deep and sexy
kiss while Dan was providing her with the hard fucking she craved. She
got on her hands and knees in front of Ayesha and used one hand to pull
on her big swaying tits while continuing to tongue-fuck her daughter's
mouth. Bob moved behind his mother and proceeded to cram his rock-hard
fucktube up her tight dripping cunt. Both mother and daughter were soon
coming from the hard fucking they were receiving from their close family
members. Bob had been brought close to orgasm by his mother's hot
blowjob, and the spasms of her cunt as she came brought him to the edge,
and he was soon shooting a huge load of creamy incestuous cum deep into
her mother's cunt. As Bob stepped back to watch and wait for his
softening cock to revive, Carol slid under her brother-fucking daughter
in a 69 position, presenting her shaved and cum-soaked cunt to her
daughter's mouth. Ayesha eagerly started to tonguefuck her mother's
well-fucked twat, sucking Bob's sperm out and swabbing up Carol's
pussyjuice eagerly. At the same time, Carol was licking the conjoined
sex organs of her young daughter and her well-hung son. After a few
minutes of this, Dand removed his massive tube-steak from his sister's
stretched vagina and positioned his bulbous cockhead against her
puckered anus. Dan pushed against Ayesha's resisting sphincter while
Carol sucked on her clit. As Dan pushed every inch of his massive
man-meat into Ayesha's tight teen rectum, she moaned into her mother's
spread slice. Dan started pounding his sister's shit-chute at a
blistering pace, pulling his cock out so that only the tip remained,
clutched in the grip of her taut sphinter muscle, then ramming it back
in to the hilt so that eleven inches of fat black cock repeatedly
emptied and crammed the teen slut's rear hole. The fit was made even
tighter when Carol started fingering her daughter's slippery cunt,
pounding Ayesha's fuckhole with three long fingers. Ayesha was close to
coming from her brotherly buttfucking and her mother's ministrations on
her slut-hole when her brother pulled his fuck-shaft out of her ass. It
was gleaming with a thick coating of Ayesha's slimy butt juices. Without
hesitating, Dan plunged his cock into his mother's mouth. In the
position she was in, it was easy for him to force his cock into her
throat. He rammed his enormous shit-stained member all the way into his
mother's throat, not pausing until his balls were hanging in her eyes.
He fucked in and out of her throat, occasionally pulling out enough so
she could get a breath, then slamming the entire foot-long cock back
into her throat. Carol's lips and tongue did a good job of giving her
son's cock an involuntary but thorough oral cleaning.

Ayesha had been left with nothing to do, so Bob helped out by presenting
her with his half-hard staff. Ayesha kept busy swabbing her brother's
growing erection with her tongue and fingering her throat-fucked
mother's cunt. She was furiously fucking four fingers in and out of
Carol's snatch, and the noises her mother made while submitting to Dan's
rape of her throat with his dirty cock turned her on so much that she
tucked her thumb into her plam and forced her entire hand into Carol.
She roughly fisted her mother's cunt, pulling her balled fist all the
way out and then ramming it back in again until her fist and eight
inches of her forearm packed her mother's pussy. She did this over and
over, abusing Carol's cunt with her pistoning strokes. This gave Dan
ideas, and without missing a beat in his mother's brutal throat-fucking,
he pushed three, then four fingers into his sister's shaven snatch. He
then withdrew his fingers made a fist, which he ground against Ayesha's
cunt-opening. Bob had turned around and presented his asshole to his
sister for a rimjob, and the way her tight young cunt was forced to
stretch to admit Bob's big fist caused her to moan while licking and
tonguing Dan's anus. Dan told her that she needed a cock in her mouth to
shut her up, calling an end to the anal tonguebath. He turned around and
shoved his rock-hard cock into her mouth, taking hold of her ears and
using them as handles while he fucked Ayesha's mouth hard and fast.

Bob finally succeeded in getting his fist into his sister's resisting
cunt, and when it popped in so that her cunt-lips were hugging his
wrist, he immediately forced it deeper, stretching her young cunt to
accomodate the width of his forearm. He started fist-fucking his sister
with short hard strokes, planting his fist a bit deeper in her cunt each
time.

Every time Ayesha, with an arm filling her cunt and a fat black cock
stuffing her mouth, pulled her fist from her mother's pussy, making it
spread obscenely, and plunged it back in, she was rasping against
Carol's swollen clit. This action soon had Carol convulsing in orgasm.
Her twitching throat-muscles squeezed Bob's cock, making him fire his
big load straight down his mother's throat, filling her belly with his
seed. At same time, Dan started filling his sister's mouth, giving her a
big mouthful of sperm to swallow before pulling his cock out and jacking
it into her face, covering her with an enormous load of cum. Bob had his
arm nearly elbow-deep in Ayesha's cunt, and the pressure of his fat
bicep against her g-spot had the young girl coming as well. Soon the
family foursome disengaged, their lust temporarily sated. As they sat
around recovering, Carol told them a story about the fun she had had
that morning, entitled "Carol's Animal Adventures".

***

Carol had left while the kids were still getting ready for school, and
gone to visit her friend Emily. Emily was a petite blond white girl, a
freshman at a local college. They had bonded over their mutual love of
nasty sex. Emily was on her spring break, and Carol was visiting her at
her family's nearby farm, while her family was conveniently away.

When Carol arrived, she found Emily sitting at the kitchen table in a
flimsy bathrobe The robe was nearly transparent, and it clung to Emily's
hot body, showing every detail of her round firm tits topped by big red
nipples. The robe was short, and Emily's legs spread, giving Carol a
look at her sparsely haired cunt. It was swollen and red, and looked
recently fucked. Carol asked her who she was fucking around here, and
Emily told her that she had just been double-fucked by a pair of
strapping farm-hands. Emily scooted her ass forward and raised her legs
to show that her ass had just been fucked as well. The anal ring was
swollen and red, and fresh sperm oozed from it.

Carol had dressed in a loosely tied blouse and a very short, loose
skirt. When she was on the highway, she had opened her blouse, exposing
her huge black tits, and hiked up her skirt. She frigged and fingered
her pussy the whole time she drove on the freeway in her convertible,
giving a great show to all the truckers she passed. They had especially
enjoyed whenever she sucked the fingers with which she had just been
deeply probing her cunt or asshole. As a result, she was now incredibly
horny, and the sight of Emily's exposed and freshly-fucked holes was to
much for her. Hurriedly stripping off her skimpy outfit, Carol dove to
her knees and fastened her lips onto Emily's open asshole, tonguing and
licking the stretched opening. When she had sucked as much sperm as she
could from her friend's pink pucker, she jammed two fingers into Emily's
shit-hole and wiped her rectal wall with them, producing a blob of
brown-stained cum which she quickly sucked from her fingers. She
repeated this operation repeatedly, eating a stranger's cum and the
residue from the young white girl's bowels. She occasionally offered a
few fingerfulls to Emily, who eagerly licked the tainted cum-sludge from
her older friend's black fingers. When Carol had eaten every trace of
cum in the girl's ass, she repeated the thorough cleaning procedure on
her cunt. This ended in an orgasm for Emily as Carol licked and fingered
a stranger's cum from her pretty young cunt.

Emily suggested that they take a walk out in the sun, telling Carol that
she knew where the cum-guzzling black mother could get some hot sperm.
Carol thought That Emily meant she would get fucked by the strapping
farmhands. Emily stripped off her flimsy robe, and the two horny sluts
walked naked out of the house in search of a good fucking. As they were
walking across the yard, a big Great Dane that lived at the farm ran up
to them and poked his nose in Emily's sparsely haired crotch. Emily
gasped and giggled, and Carol was surprised to see her spread her legs
so that the dog could lick her open cunt with his rough tongue.

Emily got down on her hands and knees, and Carol joined her so she could
get a better view. She watched as the farm girl reached under the dog
and took hold of it's cock. It was huge for a dog, about ten inches long
with a red, veiny shaft. Emily pumped it for a few moments with her
hand, then lowered her head to it, swiping her tongue over the pointed
tip. Emily sucked on the tip for a moment, then licked up and down the
hot, slimy shaft before offering the dog's prick to Carol, who was
avidly watching.

Carol had never fucked around with animals before, but she was
incredibly turned on by watching the hot blond minister to the dogcock
that she didn't hesitate before taking the tip of the fat fuckstick into
her mouth. She was delighted by the salty precum that oozed over her
taste buds, and nursed on the head for several moments before she
started pumping several inches of hot throbbing dogmeat in and out of
her mouth, giving the animal a wet, sloppy blowjob. Meanwhile, Emily had
moved around behind the big-titted black slut and was rimming her
asshole with her quick pink tongue, laving the tender flesh of Carol's
anus, and simultaneously pumping two, then three, of her long slender
fingers in and out of Carol's hot box. Thus stimulated, Carol was soon
working the entire length the dog's cock in and out of her mouth,
repeatedly embedding the full ten inches of bestial meat deep in her
tight throat. The dog was making little whining noises and humping at
Carol's mouth, and suddenly she could feel its cock throbbing as it
started to shoot its scalding load deep into her throat. Carol pulled
the cock nearly out so that she could take the dog's salty semen in her
mouth and taste it's nasty sperm. As the dog was filling her mouth with
its seed, Emily switched the oral attentions from Carol's anus to her
clit, replacing her tongue with two fingers which she inserted deep into
the older woman's ass. The fingers and tongue working her cunt, her
packed asshole, and the dogcock spraying her tonsils with hot dogcum had
Carol twitching in her own orgasm. When her fuckholes had stopped
spasming around Emily's probing fingers, she let the still-twitching
dogcock fall from her mouth, turned around, and kissed Emily deeply,
pushing dogcum into the girl's mouth with her tongue and sharing the
dog's salty load.

Once the two sluts had finished gulping down all the nasty dogjizz,
Emily took hold of one of Carol's nipples and used it to roughly pull
her over to the stable. She pulled hard on Carol's nipple, distorting
her huge tit into cone while she twisted and pinched the nipple and
Carol stumbled after her. The horny housewife felt her cunt juice from
Emily's dominant behavior, and even more so when she saw the big horse
in one of the stalls. Emily shoved Carol to her knees on the dirty wood
floor below the big animal. Carol was getting really horny, knowing that
she was a slut who deserved this kind of rough, painful treatment.

The horse's cock was still in it's sheath, but Carol could see the huge
ballsack holding two softball-sized horse testicles. She immediately
started licking and slobbering all over the horse's huge leathery
nutsack, then forced one of the big balls into her mouth. It would have
been too big for a normal woman, but Carol had a wide mouth, just built
for nasty cock and ballsucking performances. Even so, her cheeks bulged
with animal ballmeat as she sucked and slobbered on one huge testicle,
then the other, making loud sucking and slurping noises. Long ropes of
drool were soon dangling from her chin.

The ballsucking had it's desired effect, and the horse's cock started
emerging from its sheath. It was a real monster, over two feet long,
with a rock-hard 4" diameter shaft and a spongy flared cockhead almost 6
inches wide. Carol wrinkled her nose at the oversized member's foul
smell, and, letting the horseball out of her mouth with an obscene
popping noise, she saw that the horsecock was covered with lumps and
streaks of a cheesy yellowish substance.

"I always wash off that nasty horsecock before I suck on it," said
Emily, "but you've proved already what a dirty animal-loving whore you
are, so I'm sure you'll enjoy cleaning up that cockslime with your tongue."

Emily's degrading comments got the big-titted black mother so hot she
would have been willing to do anything to prove what a tramp she was, so
she got to work licking up the foul clumps of horse-smegma from the big
beastpole. She collected a golf-ball sized lump of the cockfilth by
scraping the side of her tongue along the hard horsecock, and found that
the paste was so thick she had to chew it thoroughly before she could
swallow down the wad of disgusting filth. There was no was she could
quickly get it down, and she had to mash it around in her mouth for
almost a minute, giving her a really good taste of the vile stuff.

Emily watched in amusement as Carol worked the lump of smegma with her
tongue and teeth and choked down the bolus of cocksludge, and she
laughed at the way Carol eagerly went back for more. Carol was
completely out of control with lust, and Emily was enjoying watching her
humiliate and debase herself. The petite white teen kept up a stream of
degrading comments, mocking the older black woman for her nasty
behavior. By the time Carol was working her fifth mouthful of horse
smegma down her throat, her lips, teeth and tongue were completely
coated with the stuff, and she actually seemed to be enjoying her snack
of raunchy, fetid cockcheese.

"God, what a filthy nigger tramp you are," said Emily. "That horsecock
is clean enough, bitch. Start sucking on it, and get your ass in the air
so I can punish you for being such a sick slut."

Carol obediently hiked her round black ass up, causing her big asscheeks
to separate and provide an obscenely spread display of her holes. She
was so turned on that her sopping shaved cunt and asshole were both
spasming open and closed, hungry for something to clamp down on. Her
slutholes would be getting stuffed soon enough, but for now, Emily
entertained herself by giving the older woman a hard prolonged spanking,
smacking each jiggling buttglobe over and over.

While she was getting her ass beaten, Carol turned her attention to the
horse's huge, spongy cockhead. The flared tip looked enormous, and it
seemed to puff out even more as Carol started running her tongue around
the inside of the rim of the nasty-looking appendage. The red pisshole
was a half-inch across and protruded nearly an inch; when Carol saw that
it was drooling a thick, constant stream of gooey precum, she wrapped
her lips around it and started sucking at it like it was a straw in an
extra-thick milkshake. Emily heard her going "Mmmmmm...mmmm...mmmm..."
in between the loud spanking noised she was making as she abused Carol's
ass. The horny black bitch was loudly demonstrating how much she enjoyed
the gamy, musky fluid she was sucking straight out of the horse's balls
and swishing around in her mouth with her tongue, getting a good taste
of it before gulping it down.

After she'd guzzled nearly a half-pint of the horse's fucklube, Carol
pulled her mouth away from the juicy horsecock she was nursing on, and
twisted her head around to look at Emily.

"Emily," she gasped, " I know I deserve to be punished for being such a
perverted whore, but my ass-cheeks are really starting to ache!"

"You deserve a whole lot worse than this, ho," replied Emily. She didn't
stop spanking Carol's ass while she spoke, but then she paused for a
moment. Carol's eyes widened when she saw Emily reach over to the wall
of the stable and take down a rake that was hanging there. "I'll stop
beating your slut ass when you stuff that whole nasty cockhead in your
mouth." As she spoke, she wound up with the rake like she was a baseball
batter, then brought it down hard against Carol's ass. Carol yelped as
the sharp metal tines bit into her ass-cheeks. They were too flexible to
break the skin, but the thin, sharp-edged strips were extremely painful,
and Emily was already lifting the rake to take another swing.

When she brought the rake back down as hard as she could, it made a loud
thwacking noise as is impacted Carol's buttmeat. Carol frantically
started trying to wedge the smelly horsecock into her mouth. Even with
her oversized oral cocksocket of a mouth, she couldn't imagine how she
could take in the six-inch diameter flare of that cockhead. But once
Emily had struck her ass a dozen times with the rake while she tried to
lever her mouth open wide enough, she knew she'd have to find a way. To
make matters worse, after every few strokes, Emily would drag the tines
of the rake along Carol's ass and her spread-open holes, letting the
pointed tips irritate and abrade the tender membranes of her cunt and
anus. Despite the pain, Carol came close to orgasming every time she did
this; her cunt was a dripping mess, and a pool of her juices was forming
on the floor between her legs.

Finally, after 40 or 50 hard swats of the rake, by angling one edge of
the cockhead into her mouth and using it as a lever to stretch her lip
and cheek out on that side, Carol was able to cram the fist-sized organ
into her oral orifice. Her mouth-hole was stretched so wide that her
lips were white at the edges, and her oral cavity was completely packed.
Her cheeks bulged, puffed out to their limit; Emily could actually see
the shape of the cockhead through the taut skin.

As promised, Emily stopped brutalizing her tenderized ass with the rake,
but she wasn't done mistreating the black slut yet. She immediately
turned the rake around and started prodding at Carol's twitching asshole
with the fat two-inch wide wooden handle. Carol tried to protest as the
rough handle wormed its way into her colon, forcing her innards to
straighten out around its unyielding width and causing her extreme
discomfort, but her cock-stuffed mouth was able to produce only a few
muffled groans. Unfortunately for Carol, the vibrations against the
cockhead stimulated the horse, and it responded by taking a step
forward. The spongy cockhead, already occupying all available room in
her mouth, compressed against the entrance to her throat, exerting
tremendous pressure on the windpipe. Her muffled protests at Emily's
abuse of her asspipe were suddenly replace by loud choking and gagging
noises.

Emily just laughed at the guttural snorting noises coming from Carol's
throat. "You sound like a real cockpig, Carol," she said. "You really
want that horsecock down your throat, don't you?" Carol wanted no such
thing, but pinned between two uncomfortable penetrations, there wasn't
much she could do about it.

Things only got worse for her when Emily started swiveling the rake
handle, which was buried nearly a foot deep in Carol's rectum, around in
a wide circle, forcing her straightened-out length of asstube to rotate
with it and putting painful pressure on a new part of her protesting
sphincter at every angle.

What was more, the compressed cockhead was, millimeter by millimeter,
finding its way into her esophagus, and it was getting hard for even a
super-experienced cocksucker like Carol to breathe. She could feel the
constant stream of precum still being manufactured by the giant balls
and drooling out of the pisshole, now directly into her throat, where is
collected in a greasy pool before sliding towards her stomach. Carol's
head was swimming with lust at the idea of being throatfucked by a
horsecock that was fatter than her arm, with a head bigger than her
fist, when Emily, having cored out Carol's shitchute to her
satisfaction, let go of the rake.

The tool's rapid descent forced her rectum into yet another unnatural
angle, as the rake was falling to a position pointing straight backwards
from her, while her upturned ass had her asshole facing the ceiling;
when the rake came to rest, her innards were forced to take a hard turn
a foot inside her. When her intestines had reached that point of maximum
distortion, the rake came to a sudden stop, the butt-end impacting hard
against an already overstressed spot a foot deep in her ravaged
craptunnel. An explosion of pain originated in her shitbasin and rippled
through her body, and Carol tried to scream around the lump of horsemeat
infiltrating her throat.

Unfortunately, trying to scream just made things worse for poor Carol,
as it opened up her throat a tiny but vital bit more. The horse's
cockhead finally popped completely into her throat. Carol made a
gurgling noise as her gullet was distended by the fist-sized intruder.
Six inches of horsecock was now buried in her mouth and throat; Emily
could clearly see the bulge of the flared cockhead through Carol's
necktube. The well-trained horse stopped there, letting Carol's
constantly spasming throat involuntarily jerk off his engorged cockstalk.

Of course, Carol's windpipe was now completely blocked, and she started
trying to rock backwards to extract the obscene obstruction and get a
breath. Emily had other plans, though. She knew that, although most
women would have been traumitized by Carol's experience so far, Carol
was so slutty and perverted that the stream of abuse had raised her
horniness to a fever pitch.

Emily reached between Carol's legs, running her fingers over the black
woman's swollen, swampy cunt, and deftly found her big clit. She pinched
it between two fingers and gave it a sharp twist, sending Carol into an
enormous, immobilizing orgasm. The rake, still protruding from between
her huge asscheeks, bobbed up and down as her sphincter clamped down on
the rough wooden handle again and again. The inner meat of her spread
cunt protruded obscenely from her cockhatch with each spasm, making a
nasty slurping noise each time, while Emily continued to maul Carol's
clit, giving it hard tugs away from her body in time with Carol's spasms
of fuckpleasure. The thought of how whorish it was to have a intense
orgasm with a horsecock buried in her throat just made Carol come harder.

After nearly a minute of hard, wrenching convulsions, Carol's twitching
subsided. Emily knew she must be getting low on air, but Carol seemed
too exhausted to move on her own. To motivate her to back off of the
throat-clogging horsemeat, Emily tightened her grip on Carol's throbbing
clit and pulled it hard towards her, stretching the sensitive bud to a
length of nearly an inch.

Carol squealed and began trying to rock back towards Emily. It was slow
going; the flared cockhead six inches deep in her facehole had
compressed into a cone to penetrate her throat, and reversing direction
meant pulling the mushroom cap of he cock past the thickest part to
reverse the way the cone was pointing. As a result, Carol had to violate
her throat with its full diameter for a moment. Emily was amazed to see
a place in her throat suddenly expand with what looked like an
impossible swelling for a second, and Carol thought her throat might
burst from the pressure.

But it was worth it to alleviate the pain in her stretched-out clit.
Carol made slow progress backwards, dragging her huge black tits and
swollen, inch-long nipples along the rough wooden floor as she went.
Once the cockhead popped out of Carol's throat, forcing her cheeks to
once again hug the bloated head, Emily stopped pulling on Carol's clit
and took hold of the rake handle sticking out of her asshole. As soon as
Carol had snorted in some oxygen through her nose, Emily pushed the rake
forward, putting a steady, painful pressure on the tender tissues inside
Carol's rectum.

Carol whimpered and rocked forward again, willing to re-impale her
throat if it meant getting away from the pole that was causing a dull
throbbing deep in her bowels. Emily kept using the rake in her ass to
shove Carol forward as the cockhead popped back into her throat,
prodding Carol ahead until she had taken a little more cock down her
throat than before. Without pausing, she pulled the rake halfway out of
Carol's ass, and started yanking back on her clit again. This time, in
order to move backwards, Carol had to fuck her own asshole onto the
wooden pole. When she could breathe through her nose again, and had
taken as much of the rake handle as she could force herself to, Emily
once again used it to torture Carol's bowels and push her forward onto
the facefucking horsecock.

Once Emily was satisfied with the depth to which Carol had swallowed the
horse's beastcock, she repeated the whole cycle again. And again. And
again. Over and over, the horny black mother was forced to rock back and
forth, dragging her massive tits along the ground, in order to
alternately impale her throat and asshole. Emily was really working her
hard, too, forcing her to take the horsecock deeper and deeper down her
throat, and keeping her moving quickly; when Carol wasn't moving fast
enough, she'd shout "Faster, bitch!" and emphasize her order with an
extra-hard tug on Carol's clit or jab against her bowels.

After nearly ten minutes of this action, during which Carol had raped
her own cunt and ass about 50 times each and come twice from the rough
handling of her clit, Emily let her rest for a moment. If she hadn't
just gone through ten minutes of a vigorous clit-yanking, ass-prodding,
throat-fucking workout, Carol might not have thought that it was
possible to "rest" with ten inches of horsecock disappearing into her
face, producing a bulge just above her collarbone, but she was grateful
for the respite, even though she was actually loving the whole thing.

"I'm concerned that your ass is still gripping this rake pretty well,"
Emily told her, "and you might get hurt when the horse fucks your
asshole. So I'm going stretch out your anus some more." And with that,
she resumed pulling on Carol's clit.

It was news to Carol that she was going to get assfucked by the horse,
but she had more pressing concerns; when she started moving backwards,
she felt an obstruction against her asshole. While she was talking,
Emily had taken two garden trowels down from the wall, each with its own
two inch thick wooden handle, and was holding the three handles bundled
together. The rake was still about six inches deep in her asshole, and
the trowels were pressed against the rim of her anus.

Carol couldn't see any of this, of course, but she knew that Emily had
something back there that she was going to have to take up her ass if
she wanted to relieve the pain in her clit, not to mention get a breath.
She pressed her ass backwards, letting out a muffled moan at the
pressure on her asshole, and after a few seconds, the two trowel handles
popped suddenly past her sphincter. To move backwards enough to get the
cock out of her throat, she had to drag her over-stretched anus along
six more inches of the rough wooden handles. Her asshole, now deformed
into a triangle four inches on a side, protested with every inch, as did
her rectum as she forced it to wrap itself around the large irregular
penetration.

Once Carol had reached the point where she could breathe, the rake had
reached its maximum penetration of a foot while the two trowels only had
six inches of their fourteen inch handles stuck up her ass. Of course,
this wasn't enough for Emily, so she jammed first one, then the other,
into Carol's bowels as far as they'd go, then used the three handles
together to force Carol forward once again.

Once again, Carol was being forced to repeatedly impale her throat with
an enormous, dirty animal cock and then thrust her ass backwards onto a
stiff wooden assreamer. The only difference was that her anal
penetration was now not only painful and degrading; it was also huge and
misshapen. On each forward stroke, her asshole tried to turn inside out,
her rectum protruding from her anus by over an inch as her shitpipe
clung to the three handles. This new, ass-wrecking source of friction
slowed Carol down at first, but Emily's not-so-tender ministrations soon
had her throwing herself back and forth at her former rate, taking just
five seconds to impale each of her holes on a long, fat lump of cock or
wood.

Once Carol was up to speed, Emily started making her take more and more
of the horsecock down her throat, not letting up with her anal abuse on
the forward strokes until Carol had taken a full foot of the monstrous
slab of fuckmeat down her throat. Now every time Carol jammed her
throathole forward onto the cock, the flared cockhead could be clearly
seen as a grotesque lump sliding down her neck and disappearing behind
her breastbone. Even once it was out of sight, of course, her throat was
still bulging outward from the rigid four-inch diameter shaft that
violated her esophagus.

Next, Emily started pulling on Carol's sensitive clit for longer on each
backstroke, forcing her to take more and more of the bundled handles up
her ass. At a foot deep, they were already jammed against a sharp turn
in her bowels, and Carol really had to grind her ass back against them
to get them any deeper. But Emily didn't let up on her stretched clit
until another two inches of Carol's intestines were being straightened
out by the massive intrusion. She was now taking fourteen inches of wood
up her ass, and the blades of the trowels pressed against her asscheeks
at the moment of maximum penetration.

Emily forced Carol to keep up this brutal, hole-ruining routine for the
next fifteen minutes. During this time, Carol fucked her mouth and
asshole about 90 times each. Her throat and anus were burning from the
friction, her rectum and clit were aching from the constant abuse, and
her nipples were swollen and abraded from being dragged along the floor
so many times. Carol, dirty debasement-loving whore that she was, had
been orgasming almost continuously.

Emily was really entertained by watching the black fuckslut raping her
own holes in such a nasty and brutal way, but the horse, although
trained not to thrust while getting its cock sucked, was starting to
whinny and stomp. Emily could tell it was ready to fuck, so she yanked
the tools out Carol's ass, and used her clit to pull her completely off
the horsecock. Her mouth made an obscene popping sound as her lips were
once again stretched to the limit by the six-inch-diameter flare of the
cockhead, and her asshole stayed open a good three inches, her sphincter
muscles having been fucked into submission.

"You got your assjuice all over these handles, whore," commented Emily.
"Turn around and clean them off with your mouth."

Carol spun around and obediently plugged the soiled tools into her
facehole. They hadn't been very clean to begin with, and as she sucked
her bowelslime off of them, she was also swabbing up nameless, rank
filth, which she eagerly swallowed. She wondered if she might even be
getting a taste of horseshit, and the thought nearly made her come again.

She was so consumed with her nasty task that it took her a few moments
to become aware of the rest of the barn. Her eyes widened when she saw
two husky white teenagers standing there watching her. They were about
17 years old, buck naked, and had huge, rock-hard erections bobbing in
front of them. Even as she was tonguing her own filth off of the dirty
wooden rods, her mouth watered at the sight of their fat fuckpoles. She
realized that they must be the farmhands whose dickslime she'd sucked
out of Emily's holes earlier.

Seeing that she had an audience, Carol cranked her mouth wide open so
the teenage boys could get a good view of her slime-covered tongue
scraping the filth off of the handles.

"God, what a dirty slut," said one of the boys. "Be sure to get a
close-up of that nasty stuff in her mouth, Frank."

"I'm getting a real good shot of it, Gary," said the other. "Damn,
Emily, you said she was a disgusting skank, but I didn't know she'd be
this much of a fuckpig!"

Carol's eyes had been glued to their throbbing cocks, but now she saw
that one of them was holding a video camera. She wondered how long
they'd been recording her perverted performance. Now that she knew she
was being photographed, she wanted to increase her appearance as a
nasty, do-anything tramp, so she let some of the waste she was slurping
up dribble down her chin.

Once Emily had removed the now-clean rods from Carol's mouth, she made a
big show of gulping down the mouthful of sludge she'd collected, then
smiled at the boys. "Hi guys," she said with an air-headed giggle. "Have
you enjoyed watching me be a dirty whore? I hope you're not going to
show that video to anyone!"

"Don't worry," snickered Gary. "It's just for us, and all our friends,
and anybody who looks you up on the internet." Carol's cunt gushed at
the thought of total strangers and people she knew seeing her nasty
actions online.

"That's enough chitchat, lazy slut," said Emily. "It's time to let this
horse get a piece of that nasty ass of yours." She yanked Carol to her
feet and led her over to a corner of the barn where a wooden
construction had been set up. It looked like a set of stocks, except a
plywood platform jutted out from it, under Carol's upper body, that
would give the horse a place to support his front legs. It had two holes
cut in it that Carol guessed were to allow access to her big tits.

Emily bent Carol over the board and brought down the top piece, locking
Carol's head and arms in place. The titholes were slightly too small for
Carol's enormous hooters, but Emily just yanked down on her tender
nipples until her melons were wedged through the holes. The jagged,
roughly cut edges of the holes scraped the soft flesh of her jugs as
they were going through, and bit into the wide base of her tits once
they were firmly seated.

While Emily was leading the horse over, Frank got a close-up of Carol's
gaping asshole. The boards she was lying on slanted slightly downward,
so her ass was hiked up, offering the camera a clear view deep into
Carol's asspipe. Frank could see the red, irritated tissues of her inner
rectum pulsing and spasming.

"Your asshole looks hungry, Carol," he remarked. "Do you want it stuffed
with horsecock?"

Carol wiggled her big black ass eagerly. "Ooooh, yeah!" she said. "I
loved deepthroating that dirty horsecock, and I can't wait to have it
packing my ass!"

She didn't have to wait long, either. Emily had the horse in position,
and it immediately reared up, resting its front legs on the board on
either side of Carol. Emily took hold of the cock and moved it so that
the head was nudging Carol's anus. Even with her ass gaping open, the
cockhead looked enormous, and Emily wondered if it would fit.

Her question was answered when the horse gave a lunge forward and
immediately buried eight inches of its shaft up Carol's asshole.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Carol shrieked as her rectum was suddenly and
enormously expanded. She had been expecting a more difficult entrance,
with the cock pushing against her hole until the head popped in, and she
wasn't prepared for this sudden invasion of her bowels.

Nor was she prepared when the horse, without pulling back at all, thrust
forward again and packed another four inches of its huge cockstalk up
her anal tube. Again and again the horse thrust forward, encountering
more resistance as it went, but unrelentingly battering her assguts with
its powerful cock. "AAAH! AAAAH! AAAAH!" Carol cried out loudly in time
with its thrusts.

"Damn, look at that!" said Gary. "She must have a foot and a half of
cock up her ass!"

It was true. Emily had only been able to penetrate Carol's asshole to a
depth of fourteen inches, but the horse's strength had powered an
additional four inches of meat into her intestines. Her onlookers
couldn't believe how much meat she was taking. No wonder she was
screaming! Whole new places inside her ass were being rudely violated,
and she struggled against the stocks, but of course, she wasn't going
anywhere.

Now, with three-quarters of its cock in Carol's crapchute, the horse
started truly fucking her, pulling its cock almost all the way out, then
slamming it back in, over and over. The speed and force of its
fuckstrokes were amazing. Carol kept shrieking every time it launched
its meatpole into her; even if she had been able to get used to having
her asshole dilated to a four-inch diameter, the depth of her
buttfucking was sending a jolt through her body with ever thrust.

Emily was getting tired of listening to Emily's squawks. Fortunately,
she could think of something to do about it. "Frank, let me take the
camera," she said, "and you boys can give this noisy bitch something to
do with her mouth."

Frank and Gary were more than happy to oblige. They were really worked
up from having watched the ultra-hardcore show, and they were ready to
get their cocks sucked.

Carol's head was locked down at waist height, and her mouth was hanging
open, presenting an attractive target for their engorged teenage pricks.
Her yelps were soon replaced with gagging noises as Gary started jamming
his fat cock into her face. Holding her ears for leverage, he roughly
and repeatedly sank his cock deep into her gullet.

"Frank, you gotta get some of this," said Gary, pulling his cock out of
Carol's mouth. A thick string of drool connected them for a moment
before snapping and hanging from Carol's soiled chin. "This nigger cunt
has a great throat."

Gary stepped to one side, and Frank started poling Carol's throat with
his ten inch sausage. While riding her face, he reached under her and
groped her big jugs, using them for leverage to fuck deeper into her
facehole. Carol barely seemed to notice that she had a cock in her
mouth; all her attention was focused on the enormous cock raping her
bowels. As a result, she wasn't really sucking cock, and the boys had to
wedge their cocks right into her esophagus to get any friction. They
didn't seem to mind though.

The boys kept trading off, taking turns stuffing her throat with meat
while she got buttfucked. They were turned on by the way her huge tits
hung down like udders, and they played roughly with them while they
facefucked her, grabbing fistfuls of titmeat and twisting and pulling
her massive boobs as well as pulling, stretching and twisting her sore
nipples. After about ten minutes, Carol was starting to get used to the
massive penetration in her ass, and started actively sucking cock, as
well as making moaning noises.

Emily, who was getting some footage of Carol's stretched anus accepting
inch after inch of cockmeat, could see that Carol was now actually
humping her ass backwards like she was trying to take even more of the
outsized cock. After taping this for a moment, Emily moved around to the
front and filmed her trying to bob her head while making slurping noises
and groaning with pleasure.

"Hey, Carol," she said. "Are you enjoying getting fucked in the ass by a
horse?"

Frank, who was taking his turn reaming her face while mauling her
hooters, pulled out so that she could answer.

"Oooooooooooooh, yeah!" said Carol, looking directly into the camera
with a big, slutty smile. "I love the way the horse fucks me so deep and
hard!"

"You liked sucking it, too, right? Which do you like better?"

"I did love sucking horsecock, especially eating its cockcheese and
drinking all that precum, and I loved the way it stretched my throat
open. But I've never had my ass fucked so well before! I'm going to have
to take animals up my ass a lot from now on!"

"I like the way you're so eager to admit what a whore you are for the
camera, Carol. Since you like having your throat stretched, do you think
you can deep-throat both of these guy's cocks at the same time?"

Carol opened her mouth to answer, but she didn't get the chance, as both
boys eagerly jabbed their fat red cockheads into her mouth. Her lips
were spread into a wide oval as the two cocks tried to wedge themselves
inside her throat. The two excited teenagers both started facefucking
her hard and fast. Sometimes they planted their cocks down her throat
alternately, and sometimes together, making her neck bulge; the
irregular rhythm kept Carol gagging and choking, stimulating the stiff
members.

For the next 10 minutes Carol sucked off two big cocks at once while
getting her backside plowed by a foot and a half of horsedong. Finally,
the horse paused with its cock buried in her ass and started pumping its
load into her bowels. Huge spurts of hot horse-semen were injected
forcefully up her ass. Carol moaned at the sensation, and started
quaking in orgasm once again. Her spasming throat set the boys off, and
soon Carol was gulping down two salty loads of cum.

After Carol had gulped down a half-dozen spurts of cum-cocktail, Greg
and Frank pulled out and painted her face with the rest of their big
loads of balljuice. Carol was panting and squealing as her bowels
expanded to accommodate the huge load of horsecum that was still
accumulating while she got her face plastered with dickjuice.

Finally, once her face was dripping with sperm and the horse had filled
her ass with over a pint of ballslime, the beast's cock softened and
slipped from her ass, making an obscene slurping noise as it evacuated
her rectum. With her ass propped up by the inclined board, its massive
load stayed in her ass. The reservoir of slimy semen was clearly visible
through the gaping ring of her anus.

Handing the video camera to Gary, Emily retrieved a clear piece of
flexible plastic tubing, about an inch in diameter. "I'm sure you're
disappointed that you didn't get to drink horsecum straight from the
cock, but at least you can suck it out of your asshole," she told Carol
as she fed the tube deep into the black woman's ass and brought the
other end to her mouth. Frank adjusted a hinge on the board Carol was
lying on, lowering her upper body so that warm horsecum was siphoned
into the tube. Soon the sticky goo was flowing rapidly out of Carol's
shithole and into her eagerly sucking mouth. She was willingly gulping
down globs of bitter, musty horsejuice straight out her own ass.

While Gary filmed, Frank got behind her, and, aiming his cock at her
ass, started giving Carol a piss enema. The plastic tube wasn't touching
the sides of her gaping asshole, so he had plenty of room to piss up her
ass. The hot urine mixed with the cum in her ass, and soon Carol was
slurping up Frank's kidneysauce through the tube, mixed with thick
strings of horsecum. All that hot liquid had loosened up her bowels, and
the occasional chunk of fecal matter floated through the tube. Carol
didn't seem to mind, continuing to suck the vile concoction of piss,
horsecum, and her own assgunk down her throat while the Emily, Frank and
Gary watched and recorded her nasty deed. Finally, she had sucked
everything she could out of her ass. Carol's animal adventure was over.

***

"Wow Mom," said Ayesha when Carol had finished telling her children
about her morning. They had gotten very turned on listening to their
mother's explicit recounting of her dirty sexual exploits. "Sounds like
you had a fun day."

"I sure did!" replied Carol. "It's not every day that I get to act like
such a nasty tramp. I'm glad that Emily thought of all those degrading
things to do to me. It really got me off, being forced to humiliate
myself like that."

"I wonder if they put the video on the internet like they said," mused
Bob. He and Dan went to the computer, and soon Carol heard her own voice
coming from the speakers. Ayesha and Carol went over to look, and were
treated to a full-screen, hi-def recording of Carol sucking on a horse's
balls. Carol asked how they'd found the video, and Dan told her that
they'd just searched for her full name, and it had been the first
result. Carol blushed. She had a part-time job as secretary to a
construction company, and she did her best not to act like a whore at
work, so she worried that the men she worked with might find out how
slutty she was.

While they watched, Dan and Bob started stroking their hard cocks.
Ayesha and Carol, ever alert to opportunities to stuff their faces with
family meat, got on their knees in front of the boys and started sucking
their foot-long black cocks. As they watched Carol's nasty antics, they
took hold of the girl's hair and started jamming their faces up and down
their long cockshafts.

Bob grinned over at Dan. "Using Sis's face to jerk my cock off like this
reminds me of this morning," he said.

"Yeah," Dan laughed. "That was a good time. You girls should have been
there. Y'know that lady from the apartment across the way? The one who's
always showing off those huge tits? Well, here's what happened..."

And he told them the story, entitled "Gang-raping the Busty Neighbor."

(to be continued)







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Imp


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





