BDSM Library - Use Me




Use Me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:  An total exhibitionist shares her lifelong desires to display herself completely in public, to be thoroughly and willingly degraded and humiliated by a watching crowd, and ultimately to become her deepest fantasy, an animal used for sex







Exhibitionist

 
   jim
  2
  6
  2007-02-25T00:04:00Z
  2007-02-25T00:04:00Z
  1
  1514
  8630
   
  71
  20
  10124
  10.2625
 

 
  0
  0
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Exhibitionist



� For as
long as I can remember, I've wanted to be naked in front of people, to display
my body to an audience, to be seen nude.



�� It's
always be a recurring theme in my sexual fantasies, and has always been very
strong. I first had detailed fantasies from about the age of 13, when I began
puberty, and my body began to change. 

� To begin
with, I imagined that I was at school, changing after a P.E. class, and I would
be the one who would not attempt to hide myself from the other girls � my t-shirt
would come off, and I'd be facing the wall, and then I would intentionally
knock something so that I would have to turn to pick it up, so everyone would
see my chest. This made me feel very excited, so the fantasy would continue to
swimming class, and this time it was much better, because I could be completely
nude..

���� I
would come back into the changing rooms, and I'd wrap my towel around me before
taking off my costume underneath. My towel would only be wrapped loosely, so
just a little movement would send it to the floor. I'd go to the sink to wash
my hands, loosen my towel until it was just clinging on to my breasts, and on
the way back it
would fall to the floor, leaving me completely nude in front of all my
classmates. I would blush, and mutter something under my breath as my erect
nipples poked out provocatively, as if it was an accident, but I'd stand still
for a few moments, and turn around on the spot as if looking to where my locker
was, so I was seen by all, and then I would flick my hair to one side as I bent
down to pick my towel up. This was my favourite moment in the fantasy because I
could expose my pouting pussy lips (and my tight ring) to whoever was behind
me. The best thing was that whoever saw me from behind would know instantly
that I was doing it on purpose (and everybody else would guess) because my
pussy would be swollen and glistening with excitement.

�� After I
picked up the towel, I would turn back around to my viewer, and look them in
the eye, so they knew that I wanted them to see...





���� This
fantasy developed more and more, to the point where because I'd done it so
often, and each time had been more blatant, I began to get a reputation for
displaying my body. This went round the school, until everybody knew about it,
even the teachers. I absolutely loved it, because as I walked down the corridor
or had lunch in the dining hall, everyone knew I loved to be naked and that I
wanted them to see my body. Things came to a head one day after the school
swimming competition, when the older three years of the school were at our
school's pool. 

� I had
this reputation for being naked in front of my classmates and there were older
girls who took a big interest in me because of this. I wanted to show to as
many people as I could, so I welcomed and encouraged their attention, and on
this day a group of 5 or 6 sixth-formers decided to enjoy themelves with me.
After the last race had been swum, the changing room was packed, and by now it
was a foregone conclusion that I would walk up and down in front of them all,
completely nude, under the pretence of getting things from my locker.

�� The
thought of it made my throat dry, my heart accelerate, and my pussy throb, and
as it happened, I didn't get very far before this group decided to take matters
into their own hands...

���� I was
approached by two girls as I entered the changing room, and taken by each arm
into the centre of the floor. They held my arms, but not very tightly, because
I knew what what was going to happen next. A chair had been placed in the
middle of the floor, and I was instructed to stand on it. I didn't say a word,
but climbed up with no hesitation, and looked around at the crowd of girls. 

� One of
the older girls told me to strip, and I was nude in almost no time at all, my
costume thrown to the edge of the room, my wet hair dripping down my body. I
was experiencing such intense pleasure at my total display that my knees
buckled, and I moved my weight from foot to foot, moving my hips slightly. All
eyes were on me, and all of my body was on view � my nipples were standing out,
and my arousal was obvious because my pussy lips were swollen and hanging down,
and my clit poked forward, pulsating.

� I opened
my mouth just slightly, and gently curled my hair behind my ears, as I slowly
turned in a circle, form foot to foot, savouring the exquisite experience of
being on total display, of having my body examined intimately by an audience..
As I did so, each and every girl present could see the words I had written on
my lower stomach, just above my pubic hair. The words had made me feel excited
throughout the day and had built my anticipation for this moment. I had used a
black marker pen in front of a mirror in the bathroom at home, and had written
my most honest desire.. 'Use me'.



��� I
wanted to be examined more intimately, so I stepped down from the chair, and
the crowd parted silently as I climbed on to the bench just next to it. I
slowly put one knee on, then the other, and then put one hand down in front of
me and then the other, so I was on all fours. The group came forward to fill
the space, so that I was surrounded, and I gradually parted my knees one at a
time, so that my bum wiggled as I opened myself to the rear.. as I turned my
head to look round, I could see the faces close to my pussy, staring in
confusion and wonder, as they inspected me, and then looked me in the eye. I
responded by relaxing down onto my elbows, and giving a low sigh of pleasure.
There were girls all around me now, and I looked up at those in front of me,
revelling in the expressions of disgust and fascination, feeling the honesty
between me and the group, that they knew that I was just an object, just a body
that existed to be examined and inspected, that I had one purpose only, that I
should be used for sex only, that I was an animal put there for their
entertaiment..



�� My
knees were far apart now, and people were looking at my puckered ring as well.
I almost subconsciously began
to nuzzle against the nearest girl, and she and her friend began to stroke my
head, and then my face as I looked up at them. I had become their pet, their
dog without even realising it, but I ABSOLUTELY ADORED the way I was feeling at
that moment, and if I had been born with a tail, I would have wagged it
furiously ! Instead, I waved my bum from side to side, and began to
growl/purr/moan. 

�� Others
now began to touch me until I was covered in hands, exploring me all over,
probing all of me without compunction. Fingers slid in and out of my pussy,
palms rubbed my clitoris, and fingertips circled my anus. I was very wet by
now, but my breasts wanted attention, so I turned over onto my back, and
relaxed my legs to either side of the bench, spreading my pussy, and my arms
stretched out along the bench, on each side of my head.

���� I was
being touched all over my front now; my breasts were being rubbed, my nipples
were being squeezed and pulled and my stomach was being stroked, while others
poked and explored my vagina. I opened my mouth, but no words could come out,
only sounds. I sucked on the fingers that were put in my mouth, as my head and
face were caressed lovingly. I was in a different world now, one where I was an
animal, a pet for the group with no purpose other than sex, a curiousity than
provided interest for the others, a sexual amusement that desired nothing else
but to exist to be displayed, examined, touched, played with.

��� 

��� I was
in heaven, in complete sexual euphoria, on a different plane of existence where
there was only sex, nothing else. My moaning became louder and more insistent
as more fingers entered my pussy and I could feel with a mixture of curiosity
and thrill my ring being slowly but surely stretched wider..

���� At
this point, an older girl pushed her way through the crowd, lifting one leg up
and over me so she straddled my chest. As the fingering of me continued, she
slowly removed her towel from around her waist, and we locked eyes as she
inched into position just in front of my face. I knew what was coming, and
couldn't wait for the absolute debasement and humiliation of myself in front of
the whole school ! The two girls who had been stuffing their panties in my
mouth removed them, and I opened my mouth as wide as possible to accept all of
the liquid about to pour over me.

������ The
atmosphere was electric and the room went silent as the crowd witnessed my
complete and totally willing animalisation, as the piss ran over my cheeks, in
my eyes, through my hair, and most importantly into my open mouth. I gulped it
down greedily, and looked up into the girl's eyes and begged, implored her for
more. I pleaded with her and then the crowd to use me more, to do whatever they
wanted, to ruin me.

�� At
that, a group pulled me to my feet and the crowd parted as I was led to the
showers, the crowd in tow. I was instructed to kneel down on the tiles, and I
could see a line forming... it was going to be a pissing party ! I
instinctively clasped my hands together behind my back, and each girl in the
queue stepped forward, exposed her pussy and grabbed the back of my neck to
guide her hot stream into my eager mouth. I kept my eyes open and looked up at
each girl so we could share that moment of my complete and total wanton
submissive humiliation, swallowing as much as I could.



�������� 



������ I
felt as though my degradation could reach no lower level and my pleasure could
not be made greater, but I was wrong..! At that moment, the entire teaching
staff walked into the shower room to see where their pupils had got to, and
they all saw me on my knees, hands clasped behind my back, with my head tilted
back and my mouth open, urine dripping down onto my breasts, gladly drinking
the piss coming directly from an older girl's pussy as she held her lips open
so it came out in a steady stream, begging for more and as I gulped it down,
and with the whole school witnessing the spectacle........... I came and I came
and I came and I came and I came.............

��� 









���� 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nialla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





