BDSM Library - Visit to the Stable Factory




Visit to the Stable Factory
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tom and his father steve, is taking tom to the stable factory, to aquire his first very own slave, that will become his property for life, regardless of the price







Journeying down the motorway on a cold November night was Steve Watson
and his 15 year old son Tom

 
  Alex
   jim
  2
  13
  2007-03-01T13:58:00Z
  2007-03-01T13:58:00Z
  1
  1704
  9719
  80
  22
  11401
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Journeying
down the motorway on a cold November night was Steve Watson and his 15 year old
son Tom. They were driving in Steve�s Lexus saloon car at a moderate speed upon
arrival at there destination. Tom was slouched in the front seat, smoking a
cigarette whilst hanging his arm out the window, feeling the breeze as it
sprayed past him. The air was cold yet satisfying. Tom knew today he was in for
a real treat, he thought back to all the times he had fantasized about it, and
now he was finally going to get his wish.

&nbsp;

His Father
glanced over at him and gave a cheeky grin, Tom smiled back and they both sat
there in anticipation, especially Tom. Steve began to speak

&nbsp;

�Now
remember son, this is your first visit to the stable factory so I hope you know
what you�re going to expect. The people in there are most welcoming to
newcomers and I hope you are going to be able to stomach it. The specimens in
there are some what modified, if you catch my drift�

&nbsp;

Both Steve
and Tom chucked with each other. Steve new really that Tom was going to love
the factory, though had to make sure that he was ok with the proceedings and
events that were going to take place.

&nbsp;

�Dad you
need to chill right out, from everything you have told me I know this is going
to be a day I won�t be forgetting quickly�

&nbsp;

�Well I was
just making sure, I took Hal Johnson there once and he became a little
overwhelmed, the slaves were a little too much for him, so we had to leave
early�

&nbsp;

�Dad
believe me everything is going fine I have been anticipating this day for
years, I aint no Hal Johnson, please don�t compare me to him�

&nbsp;

The car
pulled into an off-road passage and the car proceeded down a narrow country
lane. Steve went slowly as there wasn�t much room for movement. He didn�t want
to scratch his brand new Lexus. They carried on for around Twenty minutes
swerving round the tight bends as they went. Eventually the car pulled into an
off road lay by. They were very secluded now no one was around for miles; well
it had to be like that for the Stable Factory. It had to be hidden unless the
owner wanted to succumb to 10 years in a federal prison. �

&nbsp;

They
stopped in a car park, other cars surrounded them mostly very elegant cars like
there�s. Corvettes, Mercedes, Cadillac�s and Ferraris surrounded them. This was
certainly a place for the wealthy, obvious to the on looking eye. 

&nbsp;

Tom opened
the door and looked ahead of him, in front of him stood a great tall stable,
much like a warehouse but decorated and varnished in the finest materials, it
looked more like a palace than a stable. Quite ironic Tom thought for one
second, though his intentions weren�t the structure and design of the Stable,
it was what lay inside that counted. The teen licked his lips and a devilish
grin painted his face. He began to tremble in excitement and a lather of thick
sweat covered his face. His dreams had come true he was finally going to
receive this gift from his father, Bliss was already setting in the slave was
his, forever. Just as the two were walking towards the stable, a stocky but well
built gentleman approached them. He was wearing a fine linen suit. Tom was
intrigued by what he saw around the gentleman�s neck, he embodied a fine gold
neck chain, obviously of the finest calibre. His hands were also noticeably
different he wore silver diamond rings, and the cufflinks on his suit were
strewn with all sorts of expensive looking jewellery. The man began to speak

&nbsp;

�Steve
Watson, is that really you�

&nbsp;

�Hello
Cordell, what a pleasant surprise�

&nbsp;

�Many years
have passed my good man, since our last meeting, I hope your keeping well. Oh
and who is this you have brought with you? Could it be none other than little
Tom all grown up now I must say�.

&nbsp;

The man
Chuckled a little, then patted Tom on the shoulder

&nbsp;

Tom
explained how he was over the moon to be here today, Cordell just turned to him
and chuckled some more.

&nbsp;

�I�m sure
your going to love this, my young boy, I have three slaves already back at my
house, just thought I�d venture here today to get another. Any way I must go
Steve, Tom maybe I�ll catch you later�.

&nbsp;

Cordell
scurried off; you could here him laughing where ever he went. He seemed to be
in a good mood, but who wouldn�t be at the Stable Factory.

&nbsp;

Steve
explained to Tom about Cordell. Apparently to Tom�s amazement Cordell was a
very wealthy Diamond merchant. He exploited the people and in return built up
his fortune. With that came money, with money came greed. By now Cordell had
his very own palace with a private section, were he kept his slaves.

&nbsp;

The two of
them walked over to the entrance of the Stable, a large well built man wearing
a tank top greeted them. He spoke with them momentarily and explained to Steve
the rules and regulations of the vicinity. Steve explained that he had been
here before and he issued the guard with his card pass. The guard pointed in
the direction of the Main hall, and Steve and Tom gleefully walked in.

&nbsp;

�So father
which slave do you believe is the best to acquire. I was thinking a male one,
but I suppose you know best. Can you point me in the right direction?�

&nbsp;

�Well son
remember it�s your decision, my first specimen was a female one, but times have
changed, people are more adventurous these days. You would probably be suited
best to a male one, or even a Trans-gender. Remember there is no pressure so
take your time�.

They walked
to the main hall, were customers and clients were inspecting all the specimens.
Tom was bemused to see the variation of people in here, old people, business
men, masters, mistresses and even people younger than him. The slaves were mostly
behind bars in cages, some were tied up by chains on the walls and others were
free to roam around, obviously they had been the ones which had already been
broken. Various people were calling out numbers and figures, the usual hustle
and bustle of the market place. Tom looked around staring at the specimens;
they all had a frightened looks on there faces, each one just a figure of
modern slavery. They knew there fate, and there was nothing they could do about
it. 

&nbsp;

Tom walked
over to one of the cages, he leered over and positioned his head on the bars
gazing in and looking intently on at the slaves. The girl he was looking at
must have only been around 14-15. She was naked except for a pair of very high
looking stilettos that she wore. Her neck had been encased in a steel collar,
and a chain had been looped through a hole positioned on the back. The chain
was strung up above here head, but it was pulled taut so her movement was
limitless, there fore preventing her from sitting down. She looked in agonising
pain, her body was in covered in a thick lather of perspiration, and her bosoms
and stomach were covered in a series of red welts and bruises. Tom thought that
obviously she had been beaten recently, but what did he care that�s what slaves
deserved. 

&nbsp;

He laughed
at her and gave a sly grin; she looked back in trepidation and fear. The
specimen seller noticed Tom eyeing up her property, and she asked him if he
would like to take a closer look. He accepted the invitation, and waited on the
seller to open the cage. She retrieved a card key and imputed the code on the
metal door. The door swung open, and Tom entered and approached the young
helpless teen. The seller began to speak.

&nbsp;

�You can
touch her and fondle, but no rough stuff, is that ok son?�

&nbsp;

Tom was a
little unsure and just came out with a murmur, he was very excited and it
wasn�t just his heart that was pumping.

&nbsp;

�Erm�.yes
miss��� 

&nbsp;

�Sullivan,
Rita Sullivan�s the name� she replied

&nbsp;

�Rita,
could you tell me a little about this slave?�

&nbsp;

�Certainly
young sir, She was a girl from the south of the country, we picked her up on a
late night run and she�s been with us ever since. If you�re interested in
purchase, she is still intact virginally, though we have trained her orally.
She knows the customer satisfaction comes first, so feel free to try her out� 

&nbsp;

�Thank you
Rita�

&nbsp;

Tom was
just inches away from the naked teen. He glanced up and down her body, and gave
her the once over. He was very impressed; she had shapely well rounded breasts,
and nice petite nipples, each one erect coming one inch away from her body. He
touched her breasts with his fingers and fondled her intimate flesh. She
obviously didn�t like it but there was nothing she could do, so she just stood
there and said nothing. Her face was expressionless; there was no indication of
how she felt, well to Tom anyway. Rita had trained her to act like this;
apparently it made the customers feel more secure.

&nbsp;

Tom grabbed
her hips with both hands and caressed her body going downwards, and moving his
hands inwards. He came to her hairless pussy, and rubbed his hand over the
sensitive area, a faint squeal of pleasure erupted from the teen. Tom continued
rubbing his hands over her inner pussy lips. Then pushing his index and fore
finger into her pussy, he began massaging her sensitive hole.

&nbsp;

Tom�s cock
was rock hard he needed a release and quickly, what a better person to release
his load on, than a poor defenceless slave. How he loved the control, the
domination. The girl began moaning in a state of pleasure, though Tom thought
she�d had enough, why should a worthless slave get pleasure he thought. He
pulled his fingers out and proceeded in undoing his jeans. The other slaves
looked on, knowing they were unable to help her, but Tom didn�t care. 

&nbsp;

He pulled
his trousers and boxers down, releasing his rock hard 8 inch cock. He admired
his cock for a second and thought how big it was for his age. He coughed and
positioned his cock going upwards so it was in the direction of the young
specimen�s face. Tom began to speak.

&nbsp;

�What�s
your name girl?�

&nbsp;

�My names,
Jennifer Sir� she replied

&nbsp;

�Well
Jennifer, get a load of this!�

&nbsp;

With that
Tom grabbed his cock and began masturbating. He pumped up and down on his huge organ;
he was on the verge of climax. Then a stream of thick gooey cum erupted from
his cock. Tom was so turned on that more than usual came out. His cum landed
all over the girls face, nose and even some in her eyes. He let out a groan of
pleasure as his load covered her face. He marvelled, at the demeaning way she
looked, he was very happy with himself, and sexually relieved. 

&nbsp;

Tom pulled
his trousers up and boxers over his now flaccid cock. The girl just looked on
in humiliation, and those around her. Tom walked over to Rita and began to
speak 

&nbsp;

�Thank you
Rita, that was most satisfying�

&nbsp;

�I�m glad
you liked her son, if your thinking about purchase let me know, she�s one of my
best� said Rita.

�Hmmm I am
interested, so I�ll keep a note of it, and see what else I come across tonight.
What price, would you be looking for Rita?�

&nbsp;

�I�m glad
you asked young Sir, she�s priced at fifteen thousand, though if that�s a
little to much for you, I am prepared to do monthly instalments�

&nbsp;

Tom waited
for the seller to open the cage, and walked off pleased with him self. He definitely
liked young Jennifer and thought to himself what an excellent acquisition she
would be a perfect fuck toy. He looked around and was already getting hard
again; there were just so many slaves to choose. He didn�t want to jump on the
first slave he saw, so he decided to shop around, he remembered what his father
said it�s your choice. He wanted to make sure he picked the perfect one���

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be
continued� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gorgeous


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





