BDSM Library - Spoilt brat, gets poor child




Spoilt brat, gets poor child
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Billy Broome, is expecting a fine treat form his father today, can you imagine what it could be, read on and become intrigued







It was the 15th of June, a special day for one young boy





 
  Alex
   jim
  2
  51
  2007-03-10T01:05:00Z
  2007-03-10T01:05:00Z
  1
  3738
  21311
  177
  49
  25000
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








It was the
15th of June, a special day for one young boy. Well a spoilt young
brat to be more specific. Billy Broome was residing in his master bedroom after
a hard day at school. Well hard for Billy as he has always been given all the
attention and needs by his father. They lived in a very elegant mansion,
surrounded by the cities wealthiest neighbours. His Father Tony was a
prosperous man; he started out life as a poor child, stricken with the mental
and physical abuse that his father rained down on him. After leaving home at
the age of 16, Tony was determined to achieve some thing in life. He pursued
the life of business, and steadily built up a moderately wealthy empire.
Restaurants, bars, clubs and shops were just some of the assets he possessed.
Though flashbacks of his father, were always lingering over his shoulder, and
in many ways he also had inherited some of his father�s traits. 

&nbsp;

Billy was
in his bedroom playing on his Xbox. He was slumped on his king-size bed wearing nothing but a pair of Armani boxer pants. The kid
had everything he could ever wish for, motorbikes, cars, jewellery, and
anything else I have ceased to mention. Billy was only fifteen years of age, so
working part time like other boys of that age was not an agenda. His father
issued him with a �2000 monthly allowance, which if not enough for the spoilt
kid he could always get more. Now with rich spoilt kids like Billy, came also a
nasty ruthless person. Having to do nothing in life meant
Billy was greedy, and often a very spiteful person. He would swear and order
servants of the house, be spiteful to other school pupils and generally be a
menace. In recent years just after his ascent into puberty he had begun
fantasising to the extreme, well he thought so anyway! Often he would think about
controlling and fucking young sluts, and just recently boys as well. This new
batch of curiosity, engaged Billy in the underground world of Internet porn.
From sadistic rape sites, were women of all ages would be brutally raped by
mammals, men and all other instruments that could be used to fuck a bitch. In
recent months he had asserted his attention on the humiliation of young boys.
He didn�t enjoy the degradation of boys older than himself, oh no! Billy wanted
a young fresh boy, ripe with buttocks so sensitive and fresh that they could be
mistaken for a baby�s bottom. He liked boys with just the beginnings of pubic
hair, ever so slightly sprouting on the groin. The look of an intact boy�s ass
hole was most satisfying; Billy yearned for the real deal and went about
devising a plan to acquire his very own slave boy. He could then fuck the boy�s
poor brains out, demoralise and humiliate him. 

&nbsp;

He sure did
like them young; thirteen was his desired age, just thinking about the
possibilities made him hard. He decided a wank was in order, so he slipped off
his boxer pants, releasing his hard throbbing cock. He looked down and grabbed
his long shaft, which was very big for his age. All the other boys in his
school were envious of Billy�s cock, just wishing it was their body enticing
the huge member. He turned on his DVD cassette player and with his remote
control decided which scene to watch. With all the money he possessed he was
able to import illegal pornographic material, there was 

�Justin the
fuck bag dweeb� and

�The horses
seduce the boy�.

Though
Billy went for one of his favourites it was a video, were a group of sixteen
year old football players and the coach, fuck the shit out of an innocent 13
year old boy. Through out the three hour ordeal, the boy always had a cock in
his available holes. Billy watched on and masturbated his huge member; almost
Cumming instantly as one boy was pissing into the unfortunate boys� mouth. He
finished watching the porno, and was eager to get is hands on the real deal, which
was expected to arrive at the house in around three hours. Now although Billy
was a nasty piece of work, he could also turn on his persuasive charm,
especially with his father, and turn the charm on he did.

&nbsp;

Billy
waited in his room; he switched off the television and resided back to his bed,
moving the covers over him so his nakedness would be concealed. He decided that
a little dinner was in order, so moving over to the telecom he pressed the
button.

&nbsp;

One of the
house servants was down stairs mopping the floor of dirt, whilst drinking a cup
of tea, when she heard the intercom come through. 

&nbsp;

�Hello Sir�

&nbsp;

�Is that
you Bella? Yes send up a large double cheese pepperoni pizza, with all the
trimmings. A large bottle of diet coke finished off with a helping of Ben and
Jerry�s. You know how I like it! Plenty of chocolate sauce and I specifically
want double chocolate flavour. Make sure you bring it up promptly� said Billy

&nbsp;

Bella was
about to respond when Billy turned off the intercom, what a selfish brat she thought.
She had been working with the family for years but really hated Billy; he was
such an inconsiderate boy. Though she had to meet his requests, or she�d be out
of pocket so she began making his dinner. 

&nbsp;

Mean while
Tony was just finishing the preparations of slave Tommy, Tony himself had his
own slaves but preferred to keep them away from Billy as he thought it was a
bad influence. Three weeks ago when Tommy has asked for the slave, Tony could
not refuse. If the boy didn�t get what he wanted hell broke out domestically in
the house hold. On numerous accessions Tommy had smashed the windows,
completely wrecked his fathers �120,000 Corvette, when he was younger because
he wanted some thing. He was never satisfied, and Tony could not contempt with
the pain and anguish of Tommy causing another domestic disturbance. 

&nbsp;

So Billy
got his wish, the day had come and the poor innocent boy was in the worst
predicament one would like to be in. Billy would be able to act out and fulfil
his dominant fantasies all at the expense of a thirteen year old boy. The boy
had been imported from America, first transported on a plane to
the south of France, and then moved in by a pick-up
truck. The truck was a decoy, originally tomatoes for a British wholesaler.
Forced right to the back in a small, compact trunk was Tommy Lichfield,
although I�m not sure that is going to be his name for much longer. 

&nbsp;

Now Tony
had friends up in high places, a click of a finger and he got what he wanted.
If you have the money, you can certainly buy assets in this world legal or not.
A young seller in America who was very acquainted with Tony
arranged for the boy to be shipped over. Being good friends, a little leeway in
terms of the price was given. 

&nbsp;

The
exchange of products had to be done discretely, so a pick up point was arranged
in London. To make the situation even more
secretive the driver was made oblivious to the arrangement. Tony was waiting at
the designated car park, he looked down at his watch and it read ten thirty,
the van should be arriving within the next five minutes, so he lit up a
cigarette to bide the time. His driver Alvin was parked up in the Bentley aside
waiting to return to the house behind the van.

Tony
finished the cigarette and dimped it out in a puddle; he looked up to see the
van approaching him.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile
back at the mansion Billy was feasting on a collection of delicious foods.
Bella tried to be as prompt as she could but a problem with the cooker stopped
her. Billy gave her a right ear full when she came up, swearing and shouting at
her as he would most days. She was determined to seek revenge one day!

&nbsp;

He lay down
on his bed, and touched his balls rubbing them slowly moving to his flaccid
shaft, which was now becoming semi-erect. The thought of his very own slave boy
just hours away excited Billy. The torment and sexual satisfaction he was going
to receive was fast becoming the most anticipated moment of his life. Forget
the fast cars, clothes and money that was available to him, some thing he could
use as a fuck toy and cock hole was going to far
exceed anything. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

So he
decided to get his room ready for the slave�s arrival.� For now Billy was going to �have to make do with his bedroom for
entertainment. Though in the forth coming weeks he had decided a dungeon needed
to be implemented in the house hold. There for to create a little more fun with
his new asset. The clock now read 11.30pm; Billy looked out of the window and
down the long path that connected the house to the road, but still no sign of
them. Now when a young teenage boy strives for some thing so badly, minutes can
seem like hours. So in affect Billy just sat at the French windows moaning and
groaning to him self, making assumptions to himself on why they were not here.
They did arrive around an hour later. Billy saw the van moving up the drive and
rushed to his feet, crashing his big boy stress feet down the stairs as he
went. He unlocked the great oak door, embodied with fine gold etchings and
waited on the porch step eager to receive his prize. He looked like a golden
retriever waiting to receive his food, tongue out of mouth, perspiration
covering his face and a striking glint in his eyes. His Father came to a stand
still in the van and opened the door, he looked tired and mentally drained, all
the effort he puts in for Billy, and it just goes unnoticed.�� 

&nbsp;

�Have you
got it� said Billy

&nbsp;

�Yes he�s
in the back of the van now, all ready and prepared for you son, I haven�t had a
look at the boy yet, as he is in a rather dissatisfying position�

&nbsp;

�You
haven�t had a look, what the fuck? For all we know he could be some old
withered gypsy and you couldn�t even make judgement on whether to look�

&nbsp;

�Billy you
know I�m not interested in this sort of thing, I especially got it for you, I
could not contempt with your willingness to go on at me, any way the seller I
bought him off is a dear friend, I�m certain that everything will be fine and
dandy�

&nbsp;

�Well it
better be father, or I�m not having him! You can take him back tonight if he
isn�t up to scratch!�

&nbsp;

�Now listen
here���!�

&nbsp;

Before Tony
could get one solemn word out of his mouth, brash full Billy barged past him,
pushing him slightly to one side, how ungrateful was this kid. He proceeded to
the back of the van and used the electronic card key to open the doors.

&nbsp;

�I�m going
in the house now son and I don�t want to be disturbed, I have had enough for
one day, and need some rest ok!� said Tony 

&nbsp;

Billy was
far to occupied to respond, his main intentions was the beautiful sexy thirteen
year old boy in the back of the van. Tony decided to retreat back to his house,
as there was no way he was going to get sense out of Billy. He was like a
kindergarten student waiting to receive some chocolate, or an obese man waiting
for some steak.

&nbsp;

The double
doors retracted, and Billy stepped up and moved to the back of the van. He had
to move some boxes of tomatoes and other food products first so he could view
the trunk. Once he had done this the trunk was there. It was a moderately
spacious trunk, though just big enough to accommodate a small person or small
boy in this instance. Wrapped round the trunk was a series of heavy iron
chains, much like the sorts pirates used in the sixteenth century. These were
kept in place by padlocks connecting at either end. 

&nbsp;

Billy stood
in front of the box and waited momentarily, he could hear the boy sobbing
quietly, ever so often a faint murmur of what Billy interpreted as desperation
escaped his mouth. He laughed to himself and began moving the trunk from the
back, speaking to the innocent boy as he did.

&nbsp;

�Hope
you�re going to like your new home boy, I�ve got a few treats for you inside,
and I�m sure my dog Pepper is going to enjoy moving up a scale in the family
hierarchy now you have arrived. There will be plenty to keep you occupied, with
your stay in the family, me for example day and night at my whim� said Billy
with a devilish tone

&nbsp;

He kicked
the side of the trunk hard; to make sure the boy fully comprehended the
situation. He carried on crying though blubbering into his hands, shaking with
fear.

&nbsp;

�Please,
please stop crying boy, I don�t want the servants to see you crying and I
certainly don�t, well not at the moment anyway. So please stop or I will get
angry.� Said Billy

&nbsp;

Billy
heaved the truck out of the back, the boy inside was very heavy, quite strange
thought Billy for such an innocent thirteen year old boy. Instead of
manoeuvring the trunk with care, Billy did so carelessly, once getting to the
doors he just flung the trunk out and dumped it on the floor. The poor child
inside yelped with fear, he was obviously very mortified, but who wouldn�t be.

Alvin the
chauffeur was ready to heave the box inside, he was a strongly built black man,
and his muscles were begging to rip open his suite.

&nbsp;

�Were do
you want, him Sir�

&nbsp;

�Take him
up to my room Alvin, though can you keep the trunk padlocked, I would like the
satisfaction of opening it my self�

&nbsp;

Alvin picked up the trunk and made his way to the foot of the house, his big
strong hands, making it look oh so effortless. Billy scurried behind after
shutting the van, with only one thing buzzing around in his mind, the boy. He
had not decided on a name for him yet, various names had circulated in his mind
like �Pussy slut� and �Prom princess� although he needed a name so humiliating
and degrading that the boy would forget his old name completely. This would
have to be done through hard training lessons, but for now fun was in order. 

&nbsp;

The rest of
the servants had retired to there quarters, so only Alvin, Billy and the boy
were around. With their being over thirty maids and servants, it was highly
likely that some of them would find a thirteen year old boy, as a slave a
little nauseating. Though in the contracts it specifically states that they
abide by all going�s on in the house whether it be illegal or not. For example
Tony Often dealt In the wealthy business of importing and exporting cocaine and
other class A drugs, the servants kept their mouths shut back then, so why
shouldn�t they now.� 

&nbsp;

Billy�s
bedroom was situated on the third floor; he had a very large room as one would
expect, on sweet bathroom, the interior being of the highest quality, a large
Jacuzzi a built in sauna and other exquisite needs. His room consisted of a
large king size bed decorated with oak furnishings. It also inhabited all the
modern-cons one would expect to find in a wealthy house. Finally the back of
the room was Billy�s stash were he kept all the necessary torture needs. Whips, canes, butt plugs, double ended dildo�s, gags, and his
favourite an automatic whipping machine.

&nbsp;

Alvin placed the box down and left, Billy was happy that he was now alone
with the slave, finally able to relieve some sexual tension, on the poor boy.
He set the chains to one side and proceeded in opening the lid. What he saw
inside was the most beautiful young boy he had ever seen. He was fully clothed
in a pair of tight shorts and a basic polo t shirt, but that would soon change.


&nbsp;

The boy was
mouth wateringly cute and I�m not speaking metaphorically. Billy actually
drooled over the boy�s face, droplets of saliva hitting his cute little nose.
His cheeks were rosy red and he had short blonde cropped hair. His eyes were a
crimson blue colour, which matched his pale, yet gorgeous skin tone. Much
reminiscent to a German Aryan boy, the types that go on to becoming fashion
Pr�s or cat walk models.

&nbsp;

He had a
slender physic, nicely shaped legs and an inviting torso. Although muscle
growth was yet to be apparent, that was how Billy liked his boys, young and
fresh. Billy outlined his groin area, directing his sight to the boy�s
genitalia. He could not tell now the size of the boy�s cock but he certainly
would.����� 

&nbsp;

�So boy
what�s your name?� said Billy

&nbsp;

�My names
Tommy Lichfield, I�m from America� uttered Tommy

&nbsp;

The boy
spoke in a typical American voice, much like an innocent girl, before she is
about to be raped by a gang of jocks.

&nbsp;

�Ok, lets
get one thing straight, I don�t care where you come from, and I definitely do
not like the name Tommy, I will be changing that to some thing more
appropriate, for a boy of your stature. Have you ever sucked a cock before or
had one in your arse, oh no I forgot it�s ass in America.�

&nbsp;

Billy
chuckled to himself, at his sarcastic attempt. The boy just looked up, as if
trying to break free and look for some compassion. Billy wasn�t going to give
him any for sure.

&nbsp;

�Just
remember boy I expect full cooperation with your stay here, or should I stay
lengthy stay. My fathers companion in America will have undoubtedly told you the
ins and outs of this wonderful estate that I live on, but just remember one
thing, you are here for a purpose. The purpose being to please me, you will
accept every order that I give you, and I hope that you will be assertive in
your practices. Do I make my self clear�����?

&nbsp;

The boy
didn�t speak, so Billy decided to leave the boy to dwell on his situation, and
the beginning of his new life. He closed shut the lid and reattached the chains
preventing the boy from escaping.

&nbsp;

�Now I know
this must be hard for you Tommy, but it�s life, and unfortunately for you your
going to be my cum receptor. I will leave you for a while to think about me and
how I hope you are going to treat me with the up most respect. Well I am your
master now aren�t I?�

&nbsp;

Billy went
off chuckling, setting up the preparations for tonight and more specifically
the rest of Tommy�s life. Tommy continued crying, crying like a little
worthless baby. 

&nbsp;

After three
hours of uncomfortable pain for the boy Billy returned. He moved the chains
away once again and lifted open the lid. This time he had decided the boy had
been given sufficient time to think about his new life, so he started pulling
him from the trunk. 

&nbsp;

The boy was
shaking, he was in blatant fear. His tiny slender legs had risen with goose
pimples though no hair was standing to attention as no growth was there. Tommy
caressed his legs, and the boy quivered as he rubbed his hands up and down
giving a nice but gentle feel, with his rough teenage hands. By now he had
picked up the boy, he held him by his hips and began swaying him from side to
side.

�Gheesh I
didn�t think little boys were so light, you�re like a little girl Tommy, you�re
lucky that�s how I like boys innocent and nimble�. 

&nbsp;

The bed was
clear and Billy had changed the bedding just prior to Tommy�s arrival.

He placed
the small boy down on the bed, but he curled up into a little ball, a
frightened look on his face. He was biting his fingernails and looked very
anxious, had he even had a cock in his mouth before Billy wondered?

&nbsp;

�Look boy
you, should be grateful I changed the bed sheets for you, none of my dried up
crusty cum for you to lie on. Well I�ve got you for that now haven�t I? Now
move from that curled up position and lie on the bed spread eagled like a good
boy for me?�

&nbsp;

Tommy
ceased too move, he was too tensed up and scared, so he just lay there
uncompromising to Billy�s orders. A fierce jab in the chest changed his mind
though; he gasped with air and decided to move unless he wanted to succumb to
another blow.

&nbsp;

�Yes right
out like that boy, face down spreading your arms and legs as far as they can
go. I want you to keep perfectly still, not moving an inch, do you understand?�

&nbsp;

�Yes sir�

&nbsp;

�Oh we have
a Mr respectable on our hands, who taught you to speak like that?�

� 

The boy
didn�t speak, he just felt pathetic calling another boy who was fifteen Sir.
Billy meanwhile proceeded in taking his clothes off. First of all he removed
his trousers and socks placing them accordingly on the bedside table, then came
his trousers. Finally he stood there half naked wearing only his boxer briefs. 

&nbsp;

The sight
of this young boy in front of him really got his blood racing. His ass,
although still covered by the shorts looked so delectable, the sensitive
buttocks could almost be seen through the material by Billy. Meanwhile Tommy
was quivering, Billy noted that his hands were shaking and a lather of sweat
was covering his body.

&nbsp;

�Listen
boy, what I am doing now is only just the beginning, the honeymoon period if
you may. I am preparing you for harder and more demeaning tasks; eventually I
will use you as my toilet and make you worship my piss, as it flows into your
mouth�

&nbsp;

The boy
stopped shaking when he heard this. He froze in a passage of time, and for a
slight millisecond focused his mind on one thing, having to drink piss. Though
he was too scared to protest, he was much smaller than Billy, just an
insignificant little boy unfortunately rocked by the cruel world of slavery.
Even if he tried to escape, the estate he was on spread over the land for
miles, it was inevitable that he would ever get away.

&nbsp;

Billy
though changed Tommy�s thought path. He moved closer in on the boy and started
pulling down his shorts. He felt the cool air hit his bare thighs as the shorts
were pulled down. Billy laughed when he saw that Tommy was wearing a small pair
of white underpants, surely one size to small. He pulled these down, showing
the boy�s perfectly rounded buttocks, so delicate and sexy. His ass was
completely bear, no hair and the skin tone was as sexy as the rest of his body.
Billy ran a finger down his slit, moving his hand up and down and over the
sensitive area. He looked down to his own cock which had now become a raging
hard on beneath the material. So he pulled down his boxers, releasing his cock,
it jutted up past his groin to stand in full attention. 

&nbsp;

�Now I�m just
going to give you a little taster of what you are going to receive in the
future. So just relax boy and everything will be fine.�

&nbsp;

Billy moved
in on top of the young boy, lowering himself down onto the boys back and then
actually lying completely over the defenceless boy. He positioned his cock
directly over he boy�s ass and began moving up and down in a slow but steady
rhythm. 

&nbsp;

Tommy could
feel the huge cock of his master moving up and over his slit; every now and
again Billy would bury his cock between the boy�s buttocks, becoming more
frequent as he became turned on. Tommy was whimpering quietly and slight
sniffles emanated from his mouth. Billy was enjoying every moment of it,
although he was being subtle in his domination, he wanted to break the boy
gently. 

&nbsp;

�I like
this boy, moving my cock between your pussy slit it feels good, perhaps
tomorrow I will actually fuck you, my large manly cock burying into your sweet
tight ass hole. Mmmm that makes me real horny, such a shame you don�t feel the
same way.�

&nbsp;

Billy then
retracted his cock from the boy�s pussy slit and sat up directly behind the
boy. He then spread the cheeks of the boy�s ass and licked his fingers. 

&nbsp;

�Now I�m
going to probe your ass boy, you ever had any thing in there before?�

&nbsp;

�No Sir,
please don�t do it I beg you?�

&nbsp;

�Ha-ha,
that is a really poor attempt at trying to persuade me, but my father has
invested good money in you, and I am not going to let that waste. I mean you�re
worrying about my fingers going in, how you are going to feel when my eight
inch cock is wedged up your ass, well it doesn�t take one to imagine�

&nbsp;

The boy
gulped and shut his eyes perhaps he could imagine being some where else. He
tried to imagine he was on a warm sunny beach, where the cool waters caressed
the sands. His thought path was rocked though when he felt two fingers probing
his tender sphincter. Billy moved in and out at first going slow then speeding
up as his ass hole became slicker with the saliva. Tommy decided he had to ride
out the humiliating pain, and lay their in submission whilst his as was getting
finger fucked. 

&nbsp;

�When my
cock is fucking you, it will feel so much better. I�m going to fuck you so hard
that you will be on the verge of bursting point boy. Billy pulled out his
fingers and moved round to the front of Tommy.

�Now lick
my fingers clean, I don�t want your dirty shit covering my hand� said Billy

&nbsp;

The boy
hesitated, having to eat his own shit, was in many respects worse than getting
finger fucked. Though Billy forced his fingers into the boy�s mouth and fucked
his face orally. 

&nbsp;

�Now lick
them properly I don�t want to see any shit left on my skin when I take my
fingers out. You�re lucky that I am giving you this practice because by cock is
a hole lot bigger. Just look at the size of it.�

&nbsp;

The boy
looked down at the engrossing object, it leaked pre cum and a distinctive smell
came from his balls. Tommy thought he would never be able to handle the sheer
size of it, ripping his innards to shreds.

&nbsp;

Billy moved
to his shaft, and began masturbating directly in front of the poor boy�s face.
After about one minute of masturbating Billy let a big stream of cum all over
his face, making sure his goo landed on his nose, eyes and forehead. The boy
just wept in humiliation and bowed his head in shame.

&nbsp;

�Yes you
worthless piece of shit, bow your head, because that�s what you are nothing
more than a slave a slave to me for ever. Or until I feel the time has come to
get rid of you.

&nbsp;

To be
continued������..��� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

���� 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gorgeous


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





