BDSM Library - Awake




Awake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sequel/continuation of \"My Awakening\", taking place in that stories near future.







Awake

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  2
  2007-03-20T23:06:00Z
  2007-03-20T23:06:00Z
  1
  3087
  17598
   
  146
  41
  20644
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Awake

&nbsp;

Part 1

&nbsp;

It had been over a
year since I began developing strange powers. I could give people suggestions
by simply thinking them. I could stop time. Most importantly, I could make
people believe and act and think in any way I could imagine, simply by telling
them something while time was frozen. I had determined a lot this past year. I
was the grand-son of a fallen angel, which is the source of my power. My sense
of morality completely deteriorated. I was some kind of sex demon. Not figuratively
or metaphorically speaking. In fact, I'm a sex demon. I can even hold off an
orgasm while in a near orgasmic state indefinitely, and my dick never wears
out.

I was waiting outside
a business office where the heads of a powerful computer company held meetings.
My two assistants were with me. One, a 19 year-old blond with a firm body and
nice C cup tits, was wearing a red dress. It was tight and low, not even making
their way to her arms, showing off her cleavage. The dress descended to two
inches below her ass. The other girl, another blond who was taller and
skinnier, was wearing a similar dress, but it was blue. Both of their hair was
done in some fancy style, held up with with beads and ribbons. They sat facing
forward on either side of me, as calm as I was, though not quite as loose.

I was in a very
fancy, silk business suit. I was wearing shades, even though I was inside. I
was sitting over from the receptionist, who glanced at me from the corner of
her eye frequently. I was in luck, today. She was a red head, probably in her
early twenties. She was wearing a woman's business suit, but without a jacket.
Her huge tits pressed against her thinly striped shirt, and she adjusted her
glasses whenever I caught her looking at me. I had already stopped time to give
her a few suggestions, one of which was to answer every question I asked her
truthfully and to act as though it was a perfectly acceptable, normal type
question, regardless how offensive or peculiar it was, and mostly to be
forthright with information pertinent to the question.

&quot;What is your
bra's cup size?&quot; I asked, nonchalantly.

She stopped typing
and moved her chair back to look at me, &quot;Double D's, and they're all
natural.&quot;, She continued looking to me to see if I had any other
questions.

&quot;Have you ever
been fucked in the ass?&quot;

&quot;yes, a couple
times. It's painful.&quot;

&quot;Then why did
you do it?&quot;

&quot;Because my
husband wanted to, and it was on special occasions.&quot;

&quot;You're
married?&quot;

&quot;Not any more. I
got a divorce two years ago. My hus...&quot; A beep sounded at her desk and she
whispered &quot;one moment&quot; while holding a finger up, then scooted into
her desk and picked up the phone. After saying very little, she hung up and
told us they were ready for me.

I stood up,
straightened my jacket, and my two assistants slid their nearest arm into mine.
We walked into the double doors and saw the stereotypical meeting office. There
was a large, rectangular table with eight seats. The one furthest from the
door, which was obviously the head of the table, held a large portly man with
gray and balding hair. He had lines of stress on his face, but he seemed in a
decent if neutral mood. The other five men around the table mirrored his
expression and sat patiently, though all of them glanced at the two women with
me.

&quot;Welcome to
Intellichip Inc., please, have a seat.&quot; said the man at the far end of the
table, waving at the end of the table nearest the door, a few steps from me,

&quot;I'm afraid I'm
going to have to ask your assistants to wait outside, they'd distract me too
much otherwiseï¿½, He said with a resolute face, though a slight grin found it's
way onto it.

&quot;Oh, don't worry
about them. I promise you, you'll be thankful you allowed them in.&quot; I said
calmly, sitting easily into the chair with the girls to either of my sides. As
I did that, the two women gripped the top of their dresses, and began pulling
them down. Simultaneously, they freed their bra less breasts with youthful
bounces. They were each looking down at the task at hand, still rolling their
dresses down along their torsos. The men all watched, moving slightly, not sure
how to react. The head of the office, though, turned his chair slightly and
watched thoughtfully. The dresses were pressed down past the girls' cleanly
shaved pussies, and they were bending over, pressing their tight clothes to the
floor.

As the interest of
the men peeked, the girls stepped out of their dresses and stood up. The
shorter girl walked elegantly up to the table at my side. She placed her hands
a couple feet onto the table, and slowly, elegantly, slid one of her knees up
onto it. With her weight on the table, she pulled her other leg up, and began
to slowly crawl down the length of the table, swinging her hips slowly, arching
her back slightly, licking her lips, and looking the head of the office in the
eyes. He simply sat in the same position, though his cheeks were a bit redder
than when we first entered.

The taller girl
started walking in a slight circle around the table, eying each of the men when
they looked. She walked mostly away from the mass of the table, though strafing
a bit to stay within five feet. Her head was turned a bit, elegantly seductive.
Her ass moved from side to side in a teasing manner. Near the bottom of her ass
crack, they noticed, was a transparent item that seemed stuck. They all
recognized it, after a few steps, as the base of an anal plug. As the shorter
girl passed each man, they noticed she had one in her ass as well. So far,
nobody said anything, merely made approving gestures and hums at one another.

The taller girl made
it out some distance from the table, equal to the table's center, and got up
against the wall, leaning against it sexily, arching her back and showing off
her ass and pussy. As she spanked her ass, the other girl made it to the head
of the office. She playfully twirled his tie in her fingers and made a slight
pouty face. She asked him softly, &quot;When was the last time a nineteen year
old girl sucked your dick?&quot;

&quot;Not in a long
time.&quot; He answered her in a gruff voice, leaning closer and grinning
stiffly. She slid one of her hands down towards his crotch, and played with him
a moment before unzipping his fly and pressing him by the chest softly back
into his chair. She freed his manhood, though I couldn't see, and put the hand
she did so with on the seat of his chair for support. She leaned slowly down,
making sure she could maintain balance, all the way down until she was sucking
his dick. This forced her ass to stick straight up into the air, showing off
her ass and pussy, since her legs were spread a bit apart. Her other hand
worked it's way up her leg, slowly to not lose her perch, until she began
slowly playing with her pussy.

The other girl, by
this time, had begun leaning on the wall with one arm, and masturbating slowly
with her other hand, from behind. Her arm came down off the wall, and she began
to fondle her tits. Her masturbating hand made it's way to the anal plug, which
it slid partially out. She softly fucked her own ass with the plug, moaning
quietly and licking her lips. As she opened her eyes after what looked like a
wave of pleasure, she looked at all the men looking art her and she said
nonchalantly, &quot;Why isn't anybody fucking my asshole, yet?&quot;, after
which she walked over to the table, as some of the men stood up. They looked
nervously at her, then me, then their boss, but their boss was busy watching
the girl suck his dick, feeling her exposed ass with one hand. I simply
motioned towards the girl who was walking towards them.

As she got to the
table, she embraced the man on this side of the table that stood, kissing him
passionately. One of her hands was still on the plug. She stuck her ass out
towards the man sitting to the side of that man, and held the plug towards him.
He shortly accepted it and she let it go, continuing to kiss the standing man.
The man began slowly fucking her ass with it, and she moved with it, enjoying
the attention. She had pulled the man she had been kissing's dick out, by then,
and was jerking it a bit.

She moved away from
him and began to lean over the table, but first whispered to him, &quot;You
first.&quot; She put one knee up on the standing man's chair and leaned over
the table, sticking her ass up, holding herself at waist level with one hand.
The man who was using the plug left it in and watched. The girl grabbed the
belt of one of the two men standing on the other side of the desk and unzipped
him, quickly grabbing his dick out of his pants and placing it in her mouth.
She worked it like a pro. The man she told was first pressed his dick against
her vagina, and almost entered her, but her ass lowered and one of her hands
shot back. She pulled the plug out of her ass and put it in her vagina. Then
she grabbed the man's dick and pressed it against her asshole. As soon as his
head slid in, she backed down all the way onto it, and began humping while she
sucked the man on the other side of the table. It didn't take long for both of
those men to get into it, and the rest of them gathered around, touching the
girl in various places.

The boss had, by
then, began playing with the shorter girl's anal plug a bit. She glanced up and
quickly asked, &quot;Would you like to fuck me in the ass, now&quot;, in a
cheery tone.

&quot;Not just yet,
deary. This blow job is too good to pass up.&quot;

&quot;Anything you
say.&quot; She said, just as cheerfully, going back to work as the man
inspected her plug and watched what was happening a few feet down the table.

By then, the other
girl had slowly pulled the sitting man's wrist up to her, so that he was across
the table at her side, he was not resisting to see what he was being pulled up
there for. Without missing a beat on the dick in her mouth, she pushed him as a
hint to get on his back, which he did. She grabbed the man's dick who was
fucking her ass, and held it in while she straddled the other man, who's dick
was being pulled out. She grabbed the anal plug from her vagina and set it to
the side, on the table. She quickly shoved his dick into her pussy, and the two
men began fucking each hole.

Just then, the door
opened half way and the secretary came in. I turned to greet her, and the rest
of the men hesitated in what they were doing, but they saw that she was totally
nude.

&quot;Master.&quot;
she greeted, nodding at me. She walked further down the table to the men not
fucking or getting sucked off, watching, not yet sure what's going on with her.
She grabbed the well lubed anal plug and reached it around her, to her asshole.
Without hesitating, she shoved it in. She flinched as she did, but then stepped
up to the nearest man and embraced him, kissing him and playing with his dick.
All of the men had their dicks out, then. She looked to the one man not getting
attention of some kind and pointed to a chair that was scooted away from the
table. He sat down in it, rubbing his dick. She let go of the man she was
embracing, though she still held onto his dick as she turned towards the chair
and the man in it. Her free hand, on the way, played with the anal plug, trying
to get her ass used to pressure. When she got to the chair, she pulled the plug
out and put it in her mouth. It was big, and she had a hard time holding it
there, but she did without complaint. She turned and sat her asshole slowly on
the man's dick, holding it to direct it. It took her a minute or so, but she sat
down all the way on his dick, and leaned back to lead the other man's dick to
her pussy, throwing her legs over the arms of the chair.

I looked over to the
shorter girl and saw her getting off the table as the boss pushed his chair out
a couple feet facing her on the side she got down on. She pulled the anal plug
out of her ass, and put it in her mouth. She turned her ass towards the man and
sat down on his dick. It got all the way in on one swoop. She leaned back
against him and began moving her hips up and down quickly and with force. Soon,
she slowed to a snail's pace, then sped back up a bit later. She was a pro at
avoiding letting a man cum when there was more fun to be had. The man played
with her tit's the whole time.

The taller assistant
seemed to groan with disappointment as the man who was fucking her ass came
onto her back. He sat in the chair he stood from, smiling, looking around the
room, nodding towards me. I nodded back and watched some more. The girl turned
around and began sucking the dick that was just in her pussy, pulling the dick
that she was sucking into her asshole. She was on her knees on the table, at an
angle from the man who's dick she was sucking. her knees were apart, her pussy
right above the table. She convinced the man fucking her ass to do so hard,
through physical encouragement, and then focused on the dick in her mouth.

The secretary was
moaning through the plug in pleasure, getting fucking in both holes. She was
roughly massaging, pinching, and pulling on her own tits. She grabbed the man's
hands who was fucking her pussy, and moved them to her tits. She lifted them
and brought them down hard. She nodded at the man and looked at him in a
begging manner. He slapped one of her tits. She seemed to appreciate it, so he
did it again. After a few moments, both men were taking turns and there was a
constant slapping noise.

The shorter assistant
shouted a muffled shout and began moving as quickly and powerfully as her body
would as the boss came into her ass. She slowed down and sat comfortably with
his dick as deep in her ass as she could get it. She took out the anal plug
from her mouth, setting it on the table, and talked with the boss quietly as he
softened in her ass.

The man in my taller
assistant's ass came onto her back, also drawing forth a depressed sound from
her. She immediately turned and sat her ass down onto the dick that was in her
mouth and pumped furiously. She was facing the man who was in her ass, and she
pulled on her nipples, pinching, twisting, and moaning in pleasure. The man
simply grabbed her ass and accepted the ride. He quickly came in her ass,
though, and she seemed to get a bit angry. She jumped up off the table, onto
the other side, and grabbed the man fucking the secretary's pussy. She turned
him and herself around, bent over, and pulled his dick into her waiting
asshole. The three men around the table talked about what was happening, but I
ignored any questions with a wave of my hand, watching what was still happening
with interest.

The secretary slowly
got up off the man in the chair and helped him up. She then sat on her knees in
the chair, backwards, and pulled the man back into her asshole. Her tits were
very red and looked like they'd bruise, but she still groped them roughly. Then
she got an idea. She looked behind her, at the man fucking her ass, and then
pointed his attention to the wheels of the chair, then towards the head of the
table. It took him a moment, but he wheeled the chair over to the head of the
table, next to the other chair with the boss and my shorter assistant. He began
fucking her ass more as the two in the chair turned to face her. The girl
giggled and whispered something in the boss' ear, careful so his dick didn't
slide out of her ass. The man began slapping her tits as my assistant watched,
gleefully giggling and softly humping the man's dick in her ass, trying to get
it hard again.

My other assistant
moaned in disappointment as yet another man came on her back. He thanked her,
but she began glancing around the room, looking for someone or some thing to
shove into her asshole. The man she was fucking sat on the floor, exhausted,
though he soon entered the conversation the others were having. The girl saw
the plug and rushed to the head of the table. She climbed onto the table and
turned towards me, sticking her ass up and at the people sitting or fucking or
whatever. She shoved the anal plug into her ass and began roughly fucking
herself with it.

The man fucking the
secretary's ass thrust a couple violent thrusts, then said something to her and
sat down at the table, joining in the conversation of the other men. She pulled
the plug from her mouth and put it into her asshole, fucking herself as hard as
she dared, which was much softer than the taller assistant, but still fairly quick.
The shorter assistant seemed to get excited and turned to the boss, whispering
something. She then turned her head towards the secretary and began pumping his
dick in and out of her ass. She started slowly, but eventually worked up to the
same speed she was at earlier. The boss whispered something to her, and she
nodded. He lifted his hand and slapped one of her tits, hard. He slapped the
other, then made a pattern of slapping her tits, instead of the secretary's.
She took it all not slowing down. The secretary needed a break, though. Her
tits were already bruising. Then he said something else to her, and she nodded
again. He opened a drawer on his end of the table and pulled something small
out of it.

The head of the
office ordered all of his lessors out of the office. They fixed their clothes
and complained a bit, quietly, but filed out the door. He waited until they had
all left to continue.

The boss held the
shorter assistant's nipple and pulled it out, then used his other hand to hold
something next to it. It was a safety pin. He whispered something to her again,
and again she nodded, though her smile was a bit smaller. She held her chest as
still as she could while still humping her ass on his dick, which she could
only do softly. He began shoving the pin through the base of her nipple. She
opened her mouth in shock and pain, but no sound came out, and her head moved
to the side, though she still humped. The boss said something to her again, and
she nodded, placing her head back where it was. He slid the pin the rest of the
way through, the girl's smile gone, and he fastened the pin.

He said something to
her, and she still nodded. He pulled out another pin, and placed it against her
other nipple. She continued humping as he slid it through, and fastened it. He
said something to her again and she began humping as she had been, slowly
seeming happy again. As she fucked his dick with her ass, he played with the
pins, twisting and pulling. She certainly seemed to notice the pain, but she
was focused on the dick in her ass. After several minutes, he came in her ass
again. As he did, he pulled the pins to either side quite powerfully. My
assistant kept her ass on his dick, and then buried it in as far as it would
go, but she also had an agony filled face. When he was done cumming, he let go
of the pins, and the girl relaxed on his lap. She shivered a bit and sniffled,
but then quickly smiled and wiped an eye. She turned to talk to the boss as she
was before.

The secretary pulled
out the plug in her ass and set it on the table in front of the boss, then
slowly walked out of the room, thanking me on her way out. My taller assistant
shoved her plug all the way into her ass and crawled down the table to me. She
got down and put her dress back on, though it stuck to her back. Then she
stood, patiently waiting, though obviously irritated about something. The
shorter assistant pulled her ass slowly off of the boss' dick, thenï¿½ turned towards him. As he said something to
her, pointing at her nipples, she quickly smiled brightly and nodded, thanking
him. While they talked, she grabbed the plug off of the table and put it back
into her ass. When he dismissed her, getting several more smiles and nods from
her, she walked over and slowly put her dress back on.

&quot;I think you'll
find the deposit in your account by Thursday morning.&quot; He said, nodding
towards me, then turning his attention to some papers on the table.

As we walked out the
doors, the secretary was standing by the door to the hallway, wearing only her
black underwear and bra. The other men were nowhere to be seen, but there was
some other man in the waiting room. He appeared to have just entered, and was
upset about something, but happy about the beautiful, half dressed woman, but I
just walked on by with my assistants. &quot;Ready?&quot; I asked as I passed
the secretary.

&quot;Yes,
master.&quot; She bowed at me, and followed me out of the room. All the way
home, I watched my taller assistant tell the secretary what would be expected
of her as my slave in the back seat, and I kept glancing at the bulges in the
front of my other assistant's dress, where her nipples would be. She seemed
very proud of them and liked when I looked, pushing her chest out to give me a
good view. She pulled the front of her dress down so I could see them better half
way home.

&nbsp;

End Part 1

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-26T21:51:00Z
  2007-06-26T21:51:00Z
  5
  2328
  13274
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  110
  31
  15571
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Awake

&nbsp;

Part
2

&nbsp;

I
had Susan do all the packing. She and Megan (&quot;The Brunette&quot;, who was
tan and had larger than DDD cup tits) would accompany me and my newest slave to
my cabin up north. My newest slave, of course, hadn't had time to go back to
her now ex-home. So far, she seemed introverted, doing as she was told without
really saying anything or socializing with the other slaves. Of course, I kept
her sense of decency intact, so that she could be wholly embarrassed, so that
might have had something to do with it.

I
have a general rule for all my slaves; they cannot wear clothes in my house
unless I tell them to. Susan, on the other hand, being my first and favorite
slave, was never allowed to wear anything, ever. In addition, she was the driver
on our trip to the cabin. She was thin and firm, with nice, wavy blond hair and
blue eyes, B cup tits. The new slave wore her black underwear and Megan had a
white dress that was cut low and barely covered her ass. Megan's tits were
almost as big as my new slave's, making her one of my favorites. I managed to
get free gas by having Susan pump and pay. She had never been permanently
altered mentally except in accepting her servitude to me, so she was very
embarrassed about it, but not as embarrassed as she would have been a year
earlier. She had grown accustomed, at least, to being naked all the time and
being in front of other people. Though, those other people were usually just my
other slaves. She was incredibly red in the face when she got back in the car,
but she drove as well as usual the rest of the trip.

Six
hours later, we had gotten to my cabin. We pulled up beside a red Geo. I like
for my property to be well maintained, and so I have a slave live here and take
care of the place for me. I made sure she had gotten electrolicized, like all
my slaves, before she drove up here to take care of the place. She was a
red-headed girl with a large C cup. She used to be goth, but I told her to stop
dressing that way and dying her hair. Of course, she is my sex slaves, and I'm
only here once a month for a weekend at most. For that reason, I have given her
standard instructions to get a job. She would do her job as well as was
necessary and then spend all her time here. She could use her earned money to
maintain the place, the car, and buy food. However, before every meal, she had
to use a dildo on her pussy for fifteen minutes. Before she went to sleep every
night, she had to dildo her pussy for one hour, followed by dildoing her ass
with the same dildo for another hour. Once done with that, before eating and
bed, she would have to spend fifteen minutes cleaning the dildo with her mouth
and practicing giving head. She was allowed to use the dildo before work if she
planned on eating while there. She was absolutely forbidden from having an
orgasm unless I told her to. She worked at a deli, I think.

Anyway,
we were getting out of the car, Susan grabbing all four bags of luggage to take
inside as I told her to. They were heavy for her, and she was having a hard time
not dropping anything. The front door opened immediately into the living room.
There was a kitchen to the right, without a wall separating the rooms, but a
counter was between them. ahead as you enter, past the kitchen (so a left turn
after walking into the kitchen) got you to a bathroom and the side door, plus
the laundry area. Where the counter touched the wall, on the living room's
side, a hallway ran to another bathroom. There were three bedrooms, two to the
left, one to the right. The one in the back and on the left was the master
bedroom (mine) and so my slave who lives here could only go in to clean it. The
other two rooms were smaller, had smaller beds, and were otherwise totally
unfurnished. The slave who lived here slept in the one to the right, and was
not allowed pillows or blankest or anything of the sort. The most famous room
was actually a closet. It contained many sex toys and things of the sort. In
addition, it had a shuttered door with two holes side by side at about chest
height. There was a sliding partition that lowered down over the holes, and
could be tightened into place. It's use was probably obvious.

As
we entered, Megan and the new slave, who I named on the drive up as
&quot;Trash&quot;, took off what little they had on. The redhead appeared at
the door to her room. Well, her head and a shoulder did. It's obvious her arms
were doing something. When she saw it was me she got a smile and ran to in
front of me, as Susan walked past me with the bags towards the master bedroom.
She got on her knees when she got to me, spreading her legs as far apart as she
could while balancing. Her hands were on her head, arms spread to the side. She
was &quot;in position&quot;. When a slave is in position, she cannot move
except to fulfill orders I give them, and cannot talk until they leave position
or I give them permission. She had a dildo in her pussy and she was humping it
a bit as she knelt, the floor keeping it in her. She was following her orders
to use the dildo, though, so it was alright. The commands did not conflict. She
was in much better shape than when I originally picked her up, too. Probably
all the masturbation/exercise I have her do.

&quot;Slave,
you will go back to bed as usual, and Megan,&quot; I looked at Megan,
&quot;will accompany you. Instead of you dildoing yourself, she will do it all
for you. Your hour in your pussy must restart. Megan, if you make her cum, you
must come to me for punishment afterwards.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot; Both girls said, bowing, and then they each walked to the
redhead's room. The redhead handed the dildo she was using to Megan on the way.
I was so glad that I could implant within their minds to be totally honest and
to actually try their best at what I tell them to do with my weird powers.

Trash
was completely shaved, though not electrolicized. I had her do it before we
left at about 4PM. It was dark out. I looked at her, and took her in my arms. I
kissed her. I moved a hand down to her crotch, and began to finger her. She
spread her legs to accept it. Susan had come from the bedroom and gotten in position
in front of us. She was good at it, having a lot of practice. Her legs were
spread to about 180 degrees. I figured I'd have my fun tomorrow. It was getting
late. I walked Trash into the first room on the left, and had her lay on it.
There were restraints attached to the beds here. I attached her by each wrist
and ankle, tightening her into a spread eagle. While I did that, I shouted out
to Susan to bring a &quot;machine&quot;. I heard her get into the closet and,
by the time I had finished tightening the restraints, she wheeled in a machine
at just under waste level. It was a small electrical motor with a long rod
sticking out of it. On the end of the rod was a seven inch long dildo. We
positioned it and put the dildo into Trash's cunt, and turned it on. the dildo
accelerated to a thrust per two seconds. I tested trash's movement and figured
out the dildo would not accidentally come out.

I
took Susan to my room. I had her give me a thirty minute blow job before we
went to sleep. There's a chain on each leg of the bed in that room, one foot
long and with a loop at the end. The loop was a lockable collar. I put Susan
into the one nearest the door, so that she was forced to sleep on the floor and
with only one foot of free movement at her neck. Before getting into bed for
the night, I leaned down close to Susan and said, &quot;Until we leave this
place for home, you're not to speak a single word. No questions, no
affirmations, not a peep. If you do, I'll give you the most horrible punishment
I can think of.&quot;

The
machine one room over provided good white noise.

**

In
the morning, I rolled over to the side of the bed and looked down at Susan. She
was sleeping on her belly alongside the bed with her head just past the leg. I
stepped onto her ass as I got out of bed, and asked if she had to go to the
bathroom. She nodded her head 'yes', so I stepped off of her, unlocked the
collar and told her to come back as soon as she was done. She was only gone for
a few minutes, and then she came back and I put her back on the chain. I put my
bath-robe on before leaving the room.

I
walked to the next room over and saw Trash writhing in extacy. Megan was
sitting in the room in a chair facing her, a bottle of lube on the dresser next
to her. Megan walked quickly over to me and got in position. I reached down and
pinched her nipple a bit, then asked, &quot;Have you been relubricating it
every fifteen minutes?&quot;

&quot;Master...
I...,&quot; Megan seemed ashamed, she was looking for the words, &quot;I fell
asleep once, Master. I'm terribly sorry. I was only asleep for two hours, and
the dildo was still very wet from Trash's juices, but I failed you. I'm
sorry.&quot;

&quot;As
well you should be!&quot; I stopped time, one of my supernatural powers that
allows me to implant whatever I want into people's heads, to a greater degree
than any hypnosis ever could, and continued talking to Megan, &quot;You hate
things in your ass. Getting fucked in the ass, while not your decision, is
probably the most horrible thing you've ever done. Yes, all pain, and
embarrassment you've ever felt, the worst of them and all of them combined,
aren't as bad as getting fucked in the ass, but you do it for your Master
because he's your Master and you need no other reasons. You suffer for your
Master because it's your duty. Getting fucked in the ass by anyone or anything
else, however... unthinkably horrible.&quot;

I
started time again, &quot;Now, turn off the machine and unstrap Trash.&quot;

Megan
did as I told her to, looking at me sorrowfully occasionally. Trash stood up
weakly, after a few tries. She walked over to me and got into position, Megan
stood next to the bed. Trash said, &quot;Master&quot;, quietly, and licked her
lips as she got into position.

&quot;Megan&quot;,
I said, &quot;Go to get 'Goth' and you and her go into the bathroom and clean
up, including both a douche and enema for both of you. Then come to me in
here.&quot;

Megan
did as I said. I watched her go into the other room and get Goth out of bed.
Goth was masturbating with the dildo, so she must have been getting ready to
eat, like usual for her. She set the dildo on the bed and they both went to the
bathroom. I turned to Trash, &quot;What are you?&quot;

&quot;Your
slave, Master.&quot;

&quot;What
do you do?&quot;

&quot;Serve
you, Master.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
but in what capacity?&quot;

Trash
paused, then said, &quot;Any capacity, Master.&quot;

&quot;What
do you want to be used for?&quot;

&quot;Master,
what I want is irrelevant.&quot;

I
slapped her hard across the face. Her smile disappeared, but she stayed in
position. The side of her face was red, &quot;I know it's irrelevant, but it's
your duty to answer any question I ask truthfully, even if the answer is
irrelevant! Understand, slave?!&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master!&quot;, she said, regaining some of her composer.

&quot;Now,
how do you want to serve me?&quot;

&quot;Normally,
I'd want to have sex with you, but my cunt hurts after the night, so... I guess
I want to serve you by non-sexual things, Master. Maybe clean or cook or
something.&quot;

&quot;Interesting
how you assume sex is a necessarily vaginal occurrence. Either way, go out the
back door and get in position on the patio, facing the lake.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot;, Trash got up and left the room. The patio was enclosed by oddly
placed trees all around it, though at certain angles the neighbors could see
and the water was clearly visible from the patio. There was about twenty feet
form the patio to the water, and then a fifty foot long dock with a pontoon at
the end. The patio had a wooden railing along it, except on the center facing
the water. There was a small path through the trees to the dock. Right before
the dock and to the right side was a fire-pit and picnic table. I supposed none
of that had changed since the last time I was here, anyhow.

Trash
still had her sense of decency, so what I had her doing would truly embarrass
her. Of course there was very little chance anyone would see her. It was early
morning and the cabins to either side were probably vacant. The only people on
the lake would have to be lucky to notice her form out on the lake. But it was
possible they did, and she knew it. More embarrassing than just being seen,
though, was the knowledge that she was not allowed to retreat from sight when
spotted. Indeed, she couldn't even move or speak. And she wouldn't, even if
someone fondled her or asked her questions, due to my power of suggestion. She
knew she wouldn't, too. As I contemplated this, Megan and Goth came into the
room. and got into position between the door and I, and to the side of one
another.

&quot;Megan,&quot;
I commanded,&quot; get onto the bed, face down, and spread 'em. Goth, strap her
on, very tight.&quot;

Megan
did as commanded, and I could see fear in her eyes as she looked at me, turning
her head from looking down to keep them on me. Goth began strapping her in and
Megan cried lightly, not making much sound. When Goth got all the straps on
Megan, I went to a drawer and pulled out a ball-gag. Goth had already began
tightening the straps as I placed the gag in Megan's mouth. I then got a
blindfold from that same drawer and put it on Megan. Following that was a pair
of earplug, which I placed in Megan's ears. Those, just to be safe, were
followed by ear-muffs. I watched Goth finish tightening the straps. Once done,
she got back into position at my feet, now on the opposite side of the bed.

&quot;Go
pack me four meals, and give me plenty of drinks.&quot;

Goth
got up and left the room, bowing first and saying, &quot;Yes, Master.&quot;

I
got to the foot of the bed inspected the machine. I made sure it was at the far
end of the back-stroke, then wheeled it so that the dildo was inches from where
Megan's leg's parted. I tested how far Megan could squirm, and indeed she was
stretched out as on a rack. I moved the machine so that the dildo was touching
her asshole. She began making whining noises and placed her head evenly on the
bed. I shoved the machine until the dildo was a few inches into her ass, then
set the brakes. I walked around the bed and up to her. I stroked her head, and
it seemed to comfort her a little. I stood away from her for minutes. She
wiggled a bit, perhaps trying to dislodge the dildo. It stayed in, though.
After a while, she broke down and sobbed. I walked over to the machine and
turned it on. As the dildo slid quickly into the depths of her asshole, she
tensed her entire body and tried to pull away. She wasn't going anywhere,
though. There was a scream on the backstroke, and then the dildo invaded her
without patience again. She screamed pitifully into her gag. I stroked her head
again, then left the room, shutting the door behind me.

There
was a large plastic bag with four brown paper-bags in it set on the counter,
and a cooler next to it. Goth was sitting on a stool. She jumped off and got
into position as I approached.

&quot;Do
you work today, slave?&quot;

&quot;No,
Master, I do not.&quot;

&quot;Good.
Carry the food and cooler onto the boat, then come back her and prepare
breakfast for you and Susan. Put Susan's in a dog-dish and tell her that I said
she cannot use her hands. After you've eaten yourself, go into the bedroom and
lubricate the dildo in Megan's ass every fifteen minutes, until I tell you to
stop. If she manages to get it out, put it back in, and further so that it
stays, and increase it's speed.&quot;

&quot;Yes,
Master.&quot;, she said as she got up and started. I went to the bathroom and
took a shower, then dressed into slacks and a button up shirt. I shaved my face
and combed my hair with some gel, then, on my way out, considered what exactly
I was going to do to absolutely embarrass Trash.

&nbsp;

End
Part 2







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Callidus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





