BDSM Library - School boy mentoring




School boy mentoring
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ben is bored of pussy, so he decides to participate in \"School councilling\" their he meets Jake an innocent little boy.







Ben Tramer attended North Castle field high school




 
  Alex
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  688
  2007-03-25T01:17:00Z
  2007-03-25T01:17:00Z
  11
  3883
  22139
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  184
  51
  25971
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Ben Tramer
attended North Castle field high school. The boy was
fifteen years of age and already was a high achiever both academically and
physically. He was one of your common all American Jock boys, a very confident
character and could certainly pick and choose the sexiest of girls at his whim.
Strongly built physic, blue eyes, blonde hair, the boy was a bombshell, and the
girls just loved him.

&nbsp;

Though it
wasn�t the girls which had caught his eyes in recent months, he had now turned
to more sinister routes, that being innocent little boys. He did not know
whether he was gay or straight, but that didn�t matter. The mere though of
thrusting his hard man cock into the tight ass of a young boy turned him on
something awful. He had to make sure he kept his depraved fantasies to himself
though; if one word got out that he was gay he would surely lose all the
credibility he had earned over the years. 

&nbsp;

He had
become disinterested in pussy recently; although he had fucked many girls he
had never had the privilege to fuck a boy. Watching a group of thirteen year
old students, run around in their tight gym shorts really got him going. Their
tight slender ass cheeks swaying as they ran in cross country. He especially
licked it when they were instructed by coach to do warm up stretches. Ben would
sit on a bench, pretending to do home work. His favourite position was when the
boys touched their ankles; this could only be implemented by them bending over.
This gave Ben the perfect view of ass, his cock begging to be released. Better
still he wished they were fully naked, so he could watch their small cocks
bouncing between their legs. 

&nbsp;

Being a
well respected member of his school year, Ben was constantly watched by girls
and other students alike he had to assert himself accordingly, constantly being
on guard. So going about seducing a boy was going to be a hard task, he was
bored of watching internet porn, and yearned for the real thing. Recently his
grades had been declining in school, often he would daze off in class fantasising
about a young boy rapping his sensitive lips around the head of his cock. He
was doing it today, like he did most days. 

&nbsp;

�Ben
Tramer, are you listening to me, or daydreaming about some obscene fantasy�
said Miss

&nbsp;

The whole
class started laughing; Miss quickly hushed them up though and began teaching
boring old religious studies again. Ben was a little embarrassed, though she
wasn�t far off, he was fantasising over a young boy. Rob Philips turned to Ben
and began speaking quietly. 

&nbsp;

�Bet you
were thinking about some young slut Ben, I�m talking a liking to that Cherie
Blackstock, you know the gorgeous little brunette with the big titties, and
word is she�s some dirty whore.�

&nbsp;

�Yeah she�s
ok, but I prefer���.�

&nbsp;

Ben hesitated,
with all the boys� he had been fantasising about recently; he had forgotten all
the girls that he used to like. Eventually he churned out a name, but Rob Frowned,
looking into Ben�s eyes. He wasn�t a stupid person just as much of an achiever
as Ben was, and he had a knack for finding out peoples secrets. 

&nbsp;

�Gheesh,
what were you thinking about, boys you like them now do you?�

&nbsp;

The two
boys laughed, Ben felt himself blushing to avoid humiliation he turned away,
resting his head on the desk. He didn�t want Rob Philips to realise he was Gay
then the whole school would know.� 

&nbsp;

Ben�s next
class was gym, as he was walking down the corridor he came across two girls who
he chatted to briefly. They talked about the usual mundane crap, their hair,
makeup and who they were fucking, all boring old news to Ben. He wanted fresh
boy meat to fuck some thing new in his life. 

&nbsp;

As he
passed through the yard and into the main changing rooms it was a poster on the
wall that caught his attention it read �senior counsellors needed�. It stated
that school counsellors were needed to help encourage younger pupils, either
for domestic issues or school related problems. They specifically wanted the
help of seniors, so that the younger pupils could speak to someone they could
relate to. There was to be a meeting held in the common room at four fifteen.
Ben weighed up the situation and a sudden impulse of energy swept through him,
finally he was going to get the chance to interact with a younger pupil, and in
a one to one basis. Better still they would be young and vulnerable, perfect
for him to seduce. He was getting turned on just thinking about this new
opportunity, so he decided to go and knock one out in the toilets, he didn�t
want to turn up to gym with an erection. 

&nbsp;

During gym
class the usual banter continued, guys talking about there cocks, how many
girls they�d fucked and so on. Ben kept quiet for a change though, passing the
time with ease ready for the scheduled meeting. After gym he said bye to his
buddies and proceeded to the common room, he disclosed this information from
his buddies as he didn�t want his supreme jock status to diminish. The thought
of a high school senior tutoring counselling lessons was a mock to the cool
kids. 

&nbsp;

He
approached the door and knocked, he was becoming very impatient, and all the
excitement of the forth coming events had gotten to him. Looking around the
room, the senior girls out numbered the boys to nearly three to one. They were
mainly science or math geeks, although they were smart, unfortunately they did
not have the looks. Ben was lucky he had both. Around fifteen chairs were
situated around the room, creating a semi circle, and two teachers were stood
at the front ready to make a speech. Ben sat down slouching with his arms
behind his head in an arrogant fashion. The head of year began to speak

&nbsp;

�Ah I�m
glad that you have all found the time, and most importantly the heart to attend
this meeting. Obviously you have read the notice situated on the spots board,
and I am glad to see such an array of fresh respectable faces. Now our school
strives for top achievers, and that can only be implemented through students
having a good sense of morale. You all know me very well; it�s just like the
Vietnam War, soldiers without morale found it much more difficult to survive.
Well it�s the same here at North
 Castle field high.�

&nbsp;

Mr
Legioni�s attempt at sarcastic wit failed miserably, he was expecting a little
chuckle from the students, no one laughed though and he looked rather
embarrassed, so he carried on. 

&nbsp;

�Now each
of you will be assigned to one of the younger pupils, each of them around the
same age. Although you are mentoring students I must assure you that any
information exchanged between you and they must be strictly confidential. Some
of these students are finding life here at school extremely tough whether it is
due to bullying, domestic issues or any other aspect of school life. So please
keep that in mind, you were all new students here once. Finally we would like
you to help and reassure the students as friendly as possible, feel free to
offer coffee and biscuits when mentoring. Remember a help is always at hand at North Castle�.


&nbsp;

Yeah, I�ll
feel free to offer my wet cock thought Ben, a nice variation from good old
biscuits. He was eager to find out which student he had been chosen to mentor,
and decided to ask at the end. Thankfully Mr Legioni had finished his daunting
speech and asked if any one had any questions, Ben gleefully raised his hand.

&nbsp;

�Ah yes,
Ben Tramer�

&nbsp;

�Oh yeah
Sir, when will we find out which students we will be mentoring, as I am really
looking forward to helping the younger generation. My brother has had a lot of
problems as well and he some what looks up to me for guidance�.

&nbsp;

Ben lied,
he hated his brother, and he hated him.

&nbsp;

�Ah I am
glad to see such an enthusiasm Ben; well I�ll read out the names now�

&nbsp;

Mr Legioni
picked up a pad from the desk, and began reading out the names. Ben hoped to
God that he would get a boy, or all his devious plans will have gone to waste. 

&nbsp;

�Megan
Forstale will be paired with, Jennifer Saunders. Anthony Rigbeth will be paired
with Timothy Lonsdale�. 

&nbsp;

Ben crossed
his fingers and waited for his name to be called out; already he had some
incentive that Mr Legioni was paring girls with girls and boys with boys. He
was encouraged and finally his name was read out.

&nbsp;

�Ben Tramer
will be paired with����..Jake Blunsten�

&nbsp;

Yes thought
Ben finally he would be able to shove his monstrous cock into the sensitive
orifice of an innocent boys mouth, make him suck his cock like he would a lollipop.
Be able to shoot his teenage load down the boy�s throat and over his face.
Ben�s thought pattern was rocked by Mr Legioni�s voice.

&nbsp;

�Please be
in school tomorrow as meetings have already been arranged, report to me in the
morning for designation points, thank you.�

&nbsp;

Please be
in school tomorrow, of course I�ll fucking be in school, wouldn�t miss this for
the world thought Ben. He rushed out of the class room walking in a bashful
manner. Ben was so happy; the thrill of seeing this boy was beyond belief. 

&nbsp;

He slept
soundly that night, masturbating first of course. He imagined he was fucking a
boy on his back, thrusting his cock in and out of the boys� anus, whilst he
bounced around and screamed. Ben woke up the next day like a five year old on
Christmas day, never had he anticipated a moment quite like this, not even when
meeting a girl who was a virgin. 

&nbsp;

After his
shower, he grabbed a pair of boxers, making sure he picked those which are
easily accessible for a naive boy�s mouth. Instead of using a belt he decided
to go all out nigger thug style, trousers barley covering his ass. He arrived
at school promptly, and reported to Mr Legioni at once. He was told to meet
Jake at three thirty in the school cafeteria, then after a little initiation
they would be able to go to a private room. Yes thought Ben a private room were
they would be secluded, alone, perfect for the real initiation proceedings. 

&nbsp;

The school
day went fast, the boring lessons were some what more interesting today, and
can you think why? One of the other seniors who was mentoring came over to Ben
during the day and spoke to him. She was a little older than Ben and was called
Francine, she began babbling on to Ben, saying what a nice feeling it was to
help these younger students and that it�s a real benefit to yourself. Ben
pretty much ignored her banter, and just answered everything she said by either
saying �yes� or �really�. Ben thought that she probably fancied him, but did he
fancy her not one bit, she was utterly repulsive. She was one of those
stereotypical science chicks that have no life apart from playing monopoly with
her parents on a Saturday night.

&nbsp;

Finally it
was three twenty five; Ben looked at his watch and decided to make his way to
the cafeteria. His cock was begging to be sucked, but he prevented himself from
having a wank, a little professionalism was in order, sucky sucky would come
later. The cafeteria was basically empty, school hours were over just a few
students were sat chatting together. It was in the corner that Jake was
sitting. All alone, probably feeling inept and alone, well he wasn�t doing
counselling for a laugh now was he? 

&nbsp;

Ben
swaggered over walking quickly, so he could get a first glimpse of the boys
face. It wasn�t until he sat down opposite the boy, that he realised his dreams
had come true. He had been blessed with the cutest most gorgeous boy possible.
He had creamy blonde hair, and crimson blue eyes. Each feature on his face was
perfectly formed. A small well rounded little nose, full but thin ruby red lips,
and a pattern of subtle freckles. He looked up at Ben, they each made eye
contact. Ben could see the scared glint in the boy�s eyes, he was obviously
very troubled, and his eyes sagged to the floor, painting a negative picture of
the boy. 

&nbsp;

�Hey I�m
Ben; you must be Jake, please to meet you�

&nbsp;

Ben raised
his arm out, ready to shake the boy�s hand. Jake moved forward as well and they
each connected, touching each others flesh. Ben felt the small sensitive hands
of the boy, his hands almost engulfing that of Jake�s. Ben immediately knew by
this very slight intimacy that the boy had a tight virgin ass. He raised his
hand and brushed Jake�s hair, making sure he got a good feel of him. 

&nbsp;

�Now I�m
here to help you Jake, what ever problems you have you can tell me, and in
confidence, that means this conversation won�t go any further than me and you.
I want to make you feel secure when you�re in my company and rest assured that
we are able to communicate well.�

&nbsp;

The boy
began to speak softly; he spoke like a little girl. His tender voice had barely
broken, beckoning Ben to believe he had just begun puberty. He sounded so
feeble and defenceless; bullying must be the reason why he is here. 

&nbsp;

�Can we go
and talk some where more private, I don�t like it in here with all these
people� he said

&nbsp;

There were
about ten people in the room, this kid was fucked up, and going to get fucked
thought Ben. 

&nbsp;

�Yeah
alright mate, we�ll go to one of the empty rooms on third floor ok�.

&nbsp;

�Ok then�

&nbsp;

They walked
out of the cafeteria, Ben placing a hand on the young boy�s shoulder, firmly
but not painfully gripping his shoulder blades. Ben pondered at the boy�s ass;
it looked oh so delectable, getting the chance to see the bare flesh would be
even better. They decided to get the lift up to the third floor as no one else
was around, making the journey more accessible. They both stood in silence in
the lift an eerie silence actually; Jake was too scared to speak. 

&nbsp;

The room
they entered was cold, but empty just as Mr Legioni had said. The two boys sat
down at a desk, Jake pulled up a chair and they sat directly opposite each
other. Whilst Jake was sat up right, Ben slouched a little so he could spread
his legs under the table. With one hand Ben began caressing his ever growing
cock, moving his hand delicately over his cock, but quietly as not to arouse
suspicion from Jake. Jake was oblivious though, and they sat there in silence
for a moment until Ben began speaking. 

&nbsp;

�So what�s
troubling you Jake?�

�Well�I�erm�it�s
just everything really. School mostly, and at home. Some of the bigger kids
pick on me, I�m not very big for my age and they put me down, make me feel
stupid. Home isn�t any easier, my Dad is always shouting with my mum�they take
no real interest in me; I have to cook my own dinner and sit in my room
alone�until the next day.� 

&nbsp;

Yes this
kid was insecure, and seemed very frail. Ben knew he could bribe the boy, make
him submit, and the best thing of all was he would keep quite. The boy looked
down into the desk; his eyes drooped down low, a sad look covering his face. He
looked so cute this way, the next best thing would be to see him cry, tears
pouring down his cute little nose and splashing off his dainty freckles.

&nbsp;

�Its ok
mate, I�ve seen boys like you in this position all the time. Felling vulnerable
like this is part of growing up. You see the bigger boys are not confident in
them selves, so they take their anger out on you. Tell me Jake, and be honest I
can see some thing else is worrying you, remember we are in total confidence.�

&nbsp;

The boy
sniffled slightly, Ben could see him getting upset, and his cock lurched even
more in his pants. Jake covered his face, and slumped over the desk turning his
head out of view. 

&nbsp;

�Hey�it�s
alright�look up Jake�I wont judge you� 

&nbsp;

The boy
raised his head, and it was what Ben was anticipating. Tears were descending
down his cheeks, the boy was blubbering softly, a look of fright in his eyes. 

&nbsp;

�It�s
just�they make me do things�rude things. At first they would call me names,
like whore and bitch�but then it got worse. There�s a group of around five
boys, but it�s only two of them that actually made�made�me�do�it.�

&nbsp;

�Made you
do what Jake?�

&nbsp;

Ben�s heart
stopped for a second, he wasn�t stupid, he knew for sure that already this boy
had been used and abused. Though who could blame the boy�s who did it, Jake was
a prime fuck target; he looked so innocent�a cock in his mouth would feel so
good. 

&nbsp;

The time
had come Ben thought, he couldn�t take the pain any more; it was time for the
fun and games to start. He edged away from the table on his chair, screeching
the chair legs, until he was in full view of the young boy. He stretched his
legs far apart, so the boy could see his bulging crotch in full view. 

&nbsp;

Jake was
puzzled momentarily, until he realised what was happening. He looked down to
the huge bulge enticing Ben�s trousers, and then it dawned on him.

&nbsp;

�Made you
do what Jake�come on; tell me, you�re with a big boy now.�

&nbsp;

A devilish
grin, lit up on Ben�s face, Jake stared back in horror, shock horror to be in
fact. He froze on the chair, the very reason he was here was because he had
been subjected to physical, sexual harassment, and here his mentor was rubbing
his hard throbbing cock beneath his trousers. 

&nbsp;

�No�please�no�it�s
all happening again, leave me alone, I thought you were here to help me?�

&nbsp;

The boy was
shaking, he was mortified beyond belief. He pounced to the door, as fast as he
could, but the door was locked preventing him form leaving. He turned round to
Ben, to see him holding up the big skeleton key. 

&nbsp;

�I thought
you�d try that one boy, that�s why I locked the door when we came in; remember
when I told you to find a chair. You see I�m here for one reason, and you too
are here for one reason, that is to service me�.

&nbsp;

The boy
began crying even more, but Ben wasn�t having any of it. 

&nbsp;

�Stop
fucking crying boy�and listen up. There�s two ways we can go about this
situation, did you really think me, the supreme jock of the year was here to
help you? I�m a manipulator, using people to my advantage is a forte of mine.
If there�s no prize at the end of the tunnel, then I don�t go there. As soon as
I saw you I knew I was in for a treat. You have just basically told me that
other boys have abused you, both mentally and sexually, so you�re in the shit
now. As I said, either you can service my needs now and I�ll keep my mouth shut
or, you leave this room and the whole fucking school finds out about your dirty
little secrets?�

&nbsp;

Jake
clenched his fists, like a little school kid, Ben could see the rage mixed with
emotions building up on the kid�s face, it was so comic.

&nbsp;

�No�I wont
do it, you can�t do this to me�I�ll tell the teachers.�

&nbsp;

�Yeah you
can do that, but remember the next day in school you will be the utter laughing
stock, eventually your parents will find out...how would you like that boy?�

&nbsp;

Jake had
second thoughts; that would be embarrassing the whole school knowing, he
decided to get this over and done with, he�d done it before, so he could do it
again. Little did he know that Ben was going to turn him into nothing more than
a cock thirsty slut boy?

&nbsp;

�Now why
don�t you come over, and lap up my cock doggy girl, I�m just begging for
release.� 

&nbsp;

By now Ben
had slipped off his trousers and boxers. His eight inch jock cock jutted up
from his groin, pre cum oozed from his opening. Jake stared on in terror; he
had never seen a cock this big before, not even on porn films. Now we know why
all the girls loved Ben Tramer. Jake hesitated, his boyish face blushing with
humiliation, thankfully only Ben was in his presence, unlike on previous
occasions. He edged closer to the menacing cock, he fell to his knees, ready to
submit.

&nbsp;

�Come on
boy I want to see some more enthusiasm, get your cunt lips round my cock and
start sucking it. Imagine that it�s a hot summer�s day; you�ve just purchased a
chocolate Popsicle from the pudding wagon�.

&nbsp;

Ben laughed
at his remark, eagerly waiting to plunge his cock into the orifice of the boy�s
sensitive mouth. He had waited for this day for so long, and now it was here,
nothing was going to get in the way.

&nbsp;

�Now grab
my legs and force them apart, rest each of your hands on my thighs at either
side. Start by licking my balls, then take them in your mouth and suck,
gradually moving up to the base of my cock.�

&nbsp;

Jake looked
at Ben�s giant sized nuts, they were at least four times the size of his, and
covered with an array of hair, a distinct smell emanated from his genitalia,
rather repulsive thought Jake. It was much to be expected from a hormone-raging
teenager.

&nbsp;

He clasped
his mouth round Ben�s balls, taking in the sensitive organs, his mouth quickly
filled up as they were so big. He swirled his tongue around as instructed, making
sure he did it delicately but effectively. Ben was in ecstasy, all his wildest
fantasies had come true, and he felt his balls pulsate with cum, ready to
unleash his load down the boy�s throat. He was going to have so much fun with
the boy over the next few months, this was just the beginning.

&nbsp;

�Mmm,
that�s good bitch, keep doing that, you�re going to become a professional cock
sucker over the next few months�.

&nbsp;

Jake froze
but carried on servicing the beast, the next few months? He thought after today
it would be all over, he was unfortunately wrong.

&nbsp;

The next
thing he knew, Ben had grabbed his head and pulled him away from his balls.
Next he positioned his head directly over his cock, with out warning he thrust
the boy�s mouth down onto his cock. Jake yelped but was unable to scream, as
his mouth was stuffed with an eight inch cock. Ben harshly grabbed both of the
boy�s ears and started face fucking him, moving the boy�s head in a fast
rhythm. 

&nbsp;

Ben looked
into the boy�s eyes, he looked like a fish. His eyes squinting, slight pathetic
gag noises erupting from his mouth. He looked so cute and defenceless in this
position. After about three minutes of heaven for Ben, he felt himself
beginning to climax.

&nbsp;

�Now listen
up boy, you better take my entire load like a proper little slut, do you
understand?�

&nbsp;

Jake
obviously couldn�t speak, but a firm nod reassured Ben. With in seconds, a
thick stream of cum erupted from Ben�s slit. Wads of it plummeting down the
boy�s throat, Jake swallowed all of the disgusting sticky solution, he had done
it before. After Ben had blown his load, he let his cock subside in the boy�s
mouth, pulling it out to flicker a few drips onto the boy�s face. 

&nbsp;

�Did you
enjoy that boy; my cock tastes good doesn�t it. I�d advise you to prepare for
next time, hence a bottle or some thing. My cock is going to bust your tight
ass, and then you�re going to lick me clean, hope you�ll like the taste of
shit.�

&nbsp;

Ben laughed
out load, so nastily, he was in complete control and he just loved it.

Jake fell
to the floor, sobbing quietly. Fourteen years old and he was being used like a
whore. He felt so degraded, punished why did people want to treat him in this
way? He had come for help, for a little guidance and he had come away with a
dollop of cum down his throat.

&nbsp;

�So I hope
this little session has helped you Jake, you�ll go to bed felling much happier
with yourself, and wake up tomorrow as right as reign�.

&nbsp;

Ben gripped
the boy�s neck viciously, pulling him up close. He prevented the boy from
looking away, they each made eye contact. He squeezed the boy�s cheeks,
releasing his tongue, an inch or so out of his mouth.

&nbsp;

�Awww�you
look so cute like this Jake? Wish I had a camera here so we could take a few
photos, how�s it feel to be daddy�s little boy?

&nbsp;

A few
slurred words escaped Jake�s mouth; he was unable to coordinate his speech
properly. Leaning over Ben licked the boy�s face, his wet sloppy tongue,
covering his left cheek.

&nbsp;

Jake was
shit scared now, in a way this was more perverse than having to suck cock, Ben
eventually stopped though. 

&nbsp;

�Let go of
me man, get the fuck off me you fucking freak�

&nbsp;

Jake could
not take it any more, he lashed out but his pathetic attempts came to no avail.
He tried bitch slapping Ben, but it was no use he quickly shunted the boy to
the floor kicking him vigorously in the chest. 

&nbsp;

�Who the
fuck do you think you are, you little shit? You�ve just landed yourself in it
now, and you�ll pay the price. I was going to bring you down gradually, but now
I�ve decided to throw you in at the deep end. Get over to the fucking wall,
hands by your side not moving an inch.�

&nbsp;

Ben was
fuming; never had some one undermined him quite like that, not even people his
own age. The little shit was in for a real beating now. Ben quickly unfastened
his belt, whipping it away from his trousers, thrashing it through the air.
Giving that typical whistle noise one gets when wielding a whip or item of that
sought. Jake quivered with fear, perspiration covering his body. He knew what
was coming from the noises he heard.

&nbsp;

The boy
lurched when he felt Ben on his hips; he felt fingers sliding under the hem,
and his cold coarse hands touching his sensitive legs. He ripped down the boy�s
trousers, until they fell down passed his knees and down to his ankles. Ben saw
his perfect ripe ass, seconds away from being exposed. He wore small cotton
panties, much like the type small children wear, cheap and white. Not like
Ben�s expensive Armani boxers. 

&nbsp;

�I�m going
to enjoy this boy, really enjoy it!� snapped Ben 

&nbsp;

He slipped
off his pants, exposing the sensitive flesh, so perfect in every respect. Ben
slid his hand underneath the boy�s legs, sliding a finger into the crevice of
his ass cheeks. Giving him a feel of what was to come in the future. Finally he
cupped the boy�s small balls, clenching them and digging his nails in. Jake
yelped with fear, though he didn�t move, when someone has hold of your balls,
the worst thing you can do is move. He moved to his cock, it was so small.

&nbsp;

�Your cock
must be about two inches Jake, wait until you see mine, I�m going to bust your
ass like a bull on heat.�

&nbsp;

Jake
gulped, and froze he knew what was coming next. Ben leered back and swung the
belt, he taunted the boy, pretending to whack his ass, after three times he
began raining down on his sensitive buttocks. Jake screamed as each whack
connected with his flesh, Ben was showing no mercy he carried on for at least
twenty strokes. Jake�s ass was going a deep shade of red, and most of all he
was humiliated and in extreme pain.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� ��

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Albert luberschnifter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





