BDSM Library - The Surprise




The Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female slave tells a story of being taken by her Mistress to an anonymous address where she is sexually used and humiliated by a trio of anonymous young men.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-03-25T01:12:00Z
  2007-03-25T01:12:00Z
  6
  2071
  11805
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  98
  27
  13849
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Mistress Emma
draped a large overcoat around my shoulders and began to button it. Beneath the
coat I was completely naked; my arms immobilized behind my back with leather
cuffs secured to lock my wrists and upper arms together. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Are you
excited about the surprise I have for you, Ingrid?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
I whispered, slightly breathless as she slipped her under the coat to finger my
pussy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Spread your
legs for me,&quot; she said. 

&nbsp;

My feet inched
apart and Emma's fingers pressed deeply into my moist pussy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,&quot;
Emma smiled. &quot;Do you have any idea what the surprise might be?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;No,&quot; I
replied. A rush of nervous excitement combined with the sensations of Emma's
fingers touching my clit made me shiver. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,&quot;
Emma repeated. 

&nbsp;

She pinched and
toyed with my clit for a moment and then finished buttoning my coat. Its satin
lining felt cool and sensuous against my nude body; a stark contrast of
sensations to that caused by the six inches of thick latex imitation cock butt
plug Emma had earlier inserted snugly in my ass. 

&nbsp;

&quot;There;
done,&quot; Emma said. She looked me up and down and, after making a small
adjustment the position of my steel slave collar, announced we were ready to
go. 

&nbsp;

Mistress Emma
told me to wait by the door while she locked a few windows and turned off the
lights. 

&nbsp;

The prospect of
going anywhere out in public caused my stomach to flutter. It was dark outside
though and I had on the coat but still, I was acutely conscious of my
nakedness, restraints and butt plug as we walked to Emma's car. 

&nbsp;

I had expected
Emma to open the front door for me but instead, she opened the back door of her
car and told me to sit. Once seated, she told me to face away from her so that
a blindfold could be secured over my eyes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Are you
nervous?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
I replied honestly. It almost felt like I was being kidnapped and this thought
made me tingle. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Lie
down,&quot; Emma said. 

&nbsp;

I felt her hands
gently pushing me over and let myself fall down across the back seat. Emma then
brought my cuffed ankles together and cinched them with a clip. The leather
cuffs buckled just above my knees were also similarly clipped together,
heightening my whole feeling of complete helplessness. The door was then closed
and a few moments later, we began driving somewhere. 

&nbsp;

I quickly gave up
trying to guess where we were going. Emma seemed to drive at a leisurely speed
for a few blocks after which the increased speed and noise of other traffic led
me to believe we were on the freeway. We drove for quite a while until at last,
it sounded like we entered the city. My mind continued to try and second-guess
our destination when we seemed to pass right through the city and onto another
freeway. 

&nbsp;

There was no
telling how long we drove for but eventually, it felt like we were off the
freeway and cruising a suburban block somewhere. Several minutes later, the car
slowed to almost a complete stop, turned and bounced a little as if entering a
driveway. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
here,&quot; Mistress Emma announced. 

&nbsp;

I heard her get
out of the car and walk away. The sound of her high heels firstly on concrete
and then appearing to climb a couple of stairs. I heard a doorbell and a moment
or two later, a door opening and the sounds of people whispering. I couldn't
make out what was said except that Emma was talking to a man. 

&nbsp;

The distinctive
sound of Emma's heels on the concrete as she approached the car again was
accompanied by the sound of other footsteps. Nothing was said when the back
door to the car was opened and a hand reached in to pull me up into a sitting
position. The same hands ushered my feet from the car and then began to
unbutton my coat. I could tell it wasn't Emma by both the size and firmness of
the hands when they'd had hold of my cuffed ankles and by the strong, sickly
sweet scent of a man's aftershave close to me. 

&nbsp;

Still nothing was
said when the coat was finally pushed back off my shoulders and I was helped
out of the backseat to stand nakedly beside the car. There was a vague
sensation of light through the blindfold and thus the realization that I could
be standing naked and bound fully illuminated for all the world to see. I
trembled at the thought. Hands embraced me from both sides and ultimately
lifted me so that my naked, bound body could be carried to the house. Both
pairs of hands were obviously belonged to men and I could hear Mistress Emma
following behind with a third man. My heart skipped a beat. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I see you
have her seat ready,&quot; Mistress Emma said once we were inside. 

&nbsp;

The man with her
laughed and said, &quot;Yes.&quot; 

&nbsp;

I was carried a
few steps into the room and then slowly lowered to a point where I could feel
the blunt tip of a dildo press into my moist pussy. Its thickness caused me to
gasp out loud as the two men seated me on it. It was impossible to guess what
the dildo was mounted on except that it was a low wooden pedestal of some kind
with a place to secure my cuffed ankles so that my feet didn't quite touch the
floor. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, here
she is, boys,&quot; Mistress Emma said. &quot;What do you think?&quot; 

&nbsp;

There was an
immediate chorus of approval from the three men followed by one of them who
asked Emma what she wanted to drink. She asked for a scotch and a moment later,
I heard ice cubes dropped into a glass and a drink poured. 

&nbsp;

It occurred to me
that my face was hot and flushed, undoubtedly from the feeling of humiliation
that first struck me when my coat was removed in the car but which I was only
now conscious of. I wriggled my fingers and toes and squirmed a little on the
two large dildos that filled my ass and pussy. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So, are you
all students?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

My heart
immediately leaped to my mouth at the thought the three men might actually be
students of mine. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
one replied. 

&nbsp;

As if to
reinforce my sudden dread, Emma then said, &quot;That's interesting. Buttslave
here is a teacher.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, we
know,&quot; another man said. 

&nbsp;

I could only
blindly turn my head in the directions of their voices as deep panic set in.
There was something vaguely familiar about their voices but I couldn't quite
place them. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So, what
are you all studying?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Josh and I
are both doing electrical engineering and Rod is doing I.T.,&quot; the man
said. 

&nbsp;

Neither name rang
any bells with me though I still couldn't stop feeling I knew their voices. 

&nbsp;

I could hear each
person in the room sipping their drinks and then Emma spoke again. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So, do you
want to show me how this thing works?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'd be
delighted to!&quot; the anonymous young man said. 

&nbsp;

I became instantly
anxious and turned my head this way and that to hear what was going on. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Here, use
this,&quot; Josh said. 

&nbsp;

Before I had a
chance to say anything, a ball gag was pressed into my mouth and secured in
place with a leather head strap. A moment later I heard the click of a switch
behind me and the sudden whir of a motor beneath me in the pedestal. The large
dildo began to move; slowly at first and then with increasing speed until it
was vigorously fucking me. It was impossible to concentrate on what was then
said except to say my distress at being unable to escape the fucking obviously
amused everybody. 

&nbsp;

The mechanical
fucking continued relentlessly for several minutes before Emma asked one of
them to release the restraints on my legs so they could be spread and
re-secured to points on either side of the pedestal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;See, I told
you she'd love this,&quot; Mistress Emma said. 

&nbsp;

I blushed even
more deeply as comments were made about my juices apparently visible on the
shaft of the dildo as it fucked me. The three young men all heartily agreed. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Who wants
to make her cum first?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

Again there was a
chorus of voices all wanting to be first so Emma invited Rod to step forward. 

&nbsp;

I felt his
presence between my spread legs even before he touched me. His hands pushed my
knees widely apart and his head pressed between my thighs. The pleasure of his
tongue against my clit was immediate and intense. He lashed my swollen clit as
vigorously as the mechanical cock fucked me. It only took a minute or two
before I was forced to surrender completely to the perverse pleasure -- my
moans of ecstasy loud even through the gag. 

&nbsp;

Over the next ten
to fifteen minutes, each of the other two young men took their turn and forced
me to orgasm until at last, I felt thoroughly exhausted and seemingly in a
state of perpetual and tingly arousal. 

&nbsp;

Emma said
something to somebody and the fucking machine slowly came to a stop. Hands
released my ankles and I was helped to my feet and held until I could stand without
support. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We can't
let the slave have all the fun, can we boys?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No!&quot;
the three young men said in unison. 

&nbsp;

I was ushered
across the room and made to kneel on a low, padded bench. Two of the young men
shackled my ankles to the bench while the third bent me over and locked my head
in wooden stocks. With my ass upturned and plugged as it was, I felt
particularly vulnerable and humiliated. This feeling intensified when Emma
slowly removed the large, cock-shaped plug and then stood behind me with her
hands resting on my hips. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Josh, you
can go first this time,&quot; Mistress Emma said. 

&nbsp;

He thanked her
and then moved to stand in front of my trapped head. I felt some relief when
the gag was removed from my mouth but this quickly disappeared when it was
replaced by a large, solid cock. As Josh slowly fucked my mouth, I felt Emma's
hands spread my ass cheeks and then a large strap-on dildo press firmly into
the crater of my anus. I moaned loudly as she forced inch after inch into my
ass and even more loudly when she started to fuck my ass with it. 

&nbsp;

Once Emma settled
into a regular fucking rhythm, I felt her release the clip holding my wrists
together. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's not
leave anybody out of the fun,&quot; Mistress Emma laughed and with that, my
hands were guided to masturbate the other two young men who stood either side
behind me. 

&nbsp;

Josh continued to
fuck my mouth energetically until at last, his cock exploded and filled my
mouth with his hot, thick jism. After swallowing it all, his place was taken by
Rod and then by the anonymous young man -- each cumming quickly and with Emma
continuing to fuck my ass hard with her strap-on. 

&nbsp;

When Emma finally
withdrew from my ass, she promised it would get plenty more fucking before the
night was out but first, they were all going to have another drink and renew
their strength. The blindfold was removed but I still couldn't see much because
the bench stocks had me facing a corner of the room.������ 

&nbsp;

There was
something strangely familiar about the wallpaper in the room that again had me
wondering about the identities of the three young men. I stared long and hard
at it until I could see patterns within the patterns of the wallpaper. 

&nbsp;

A half hour or so
elapsed before I heard movement toward me and the conversation turn its
attention on my vulnerable ass. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Are you
ready to have your ass fucked again?&quot; Mistress Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

I hesitated a
moment and then replied, in a stuttering uncertain voice, &quot;Yes.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,&quot;
Mistress Emma said. 

&nbsp;

I felt a sudden
coldness trickling into the crack of my ass and then Emma's finger pressing the
lube into my sore anus. She gently finger fucked my ass until her finger moved
easily in and out and then invited Rod to have the first turn fucking my ass. 

&nbsp;

His cock was the
smallest of the three I had sucked and he fucked my ass gently for several
minutes before he ultimately ejaculated. Josh then took his turn and while his
cock felt longer than Rod's, it wasn't particularly thick. He also seemed to
take his time and be gentle with my ass however, the anonymous young man was an
entirely different story. 

&nbsp;

His cock was as
large as Emma's strap-on and equally as hard. He drove it hard into my ass
repeatedly and spanked my cheeks hard until they burned as much as the friction
of his cock. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Wiggle that
ass for me!&quot; he grunted. 

&nbsp;

I reluctantly
obeyed and soon was grinding my ass back to meet his hard, pounding strokes.
His balls slapped against my pussy and I felt his weight come down on my back.
I tried to look back and see his face but the wooden beam of the stocks
prevented me. After several minutes I began to wonder whether he was going to
cum at all, and this worried me mostly because his hands and fingers on my
breasts and nipples aroused me to the point where I felt on the verge of my own
orgasm. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You like
being fucked in the ass, slave?&quot; Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,&quot;
I whimpered. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Say
it!&quot; Mistress Emma said. &quot;Say, I love being fucked in the ass!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I love
being fucked in the ass, Mistress!&quot; I whimpered more loudly. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't tell
me! Tell him!&quot;� 

&nbsp;

I had no idea who
I was talking to but I obeyed and said, &quot;I love your cock in my ass. It's
so big and hard...&quot; 

&nbsp;

On saying this he
began to fuck my ass harder and faster. I could hear his enthusiasm expressed
in unintelligible grunts and so continued to encourage him with praise of his
cock. After another minute or so of whimpering about how much I enjoyed his
cock in my ass, he buried himself deep in my ass and went suddenly still. He
moaned loudly, announced the fact he'd just cum and then slowly withdrew his
cock from my tortured anus. 

&nbsp;

I was left locked
in the stocks for a minute or two before finally, and much to my relief, I was
released. Emma raised the head stock and invited me to join her and the three
young men over in the lounge. When I turned around the first thing I saw
through the window was the neighboring house. My shock surprise was confirmed
when I quickly turned and looked at the three young men who sat naked and
grinning at me from the lounge chairs: they were MY neighbors! 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kinkabella


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





