BDSM Library - Fantasie du jour - Office Display




Fantasie du jour - Office Display
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Office managers often have 'executive toys' on their desks. This one has his sex slave on display in a specially designed cabinet. She is repeatedly ravished throughout the day, allowed out only to service her Master, hlis clients and other office staff.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  7
  2007-03-29T23:17:00Z
  2007-03-29T23:17:00Z
  4
  1585
  9038
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  75
  21
  10602
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The glass and
steel cabinet you had built to display me in your office looks like a large
fish tank. Each morning at exactly 8.50am sharp, you open the glass panel at
the front and help me climb inside. I kneel on all fours, completely nude and
astride the metal tubing that is set between the leather-padded mats on the
floor of the cabinet. My forearms resting on the mats forces my butt
provocatively in the air; a padded T-bar riser supports my hips and holds me in
that position. For added measure, there are leather cuffs for my wrists and
ankles that are used to lock them to the metal tubing.

&nbsp;

It always takes a
moment to adjust to the silence inside the cabinet after you close the front
panel. The soundproof enclosure muffles the sounds of business and life going
on in the outside world. All I can hear are the sounds of my breathing (light
and shallow), and the steady, highly audible sound of a clock ticking.
Accompanying each rhythmic tick is the sensation of something dripping into the
crack of my butt. It�s just the tiniest, lightest touch, but each drop
accumulates until a greasy sensation begins to form between my cheeks.

&nbsp;

The cabinet is
mounted on a bench behind your desk and from my position, I can quietly watch
you go about your daily business. Occasionally, you swivel around in your chair
if you�re speaking on the phone, and you�ll smile at me. I can see your lips
moving but am never sure whether you�re talking to somebody about me or not.
All the while, there is the incessant ticking of the clock, and the drips that
eventually overflow my ass crevice to seep down along the slit of my pussy, and
eventually down the insides of my thighs. 

&nbsp;

I can usually
tell when the time is nearing 9am. Your first appointments for the day will
usually arrive a few minutes before. Even though they appear to be engaged in
conversation with you, their eyes frequently gaze up at me; their faces beaming
with broad grins. Then, the whirring begins.

&nbsp;

The sound is very
loud and masks the ticking sound that has held my attention for the previous
ten minutes. It�s a sound I have grown to both love and hate � the sound of a
large mechanical dildo stirring to life behind me. When the whirring sound goes
silent, there will be exactly five ticks of the clock before it starts up again
and the dildo begins forcing itself into my immobilized ass. I brace myself for
the first touch of its tip and the slow, inevitable push that follows as it
breeches the resistance of my anal sphincter muscles.

&nbsp;

Even though no
chimes are playing, I sense the dildo�s rhythm grinding in and out of my ass to
silent chimes playing in my thoughts. Being an hourly chime, the dildo plays
the longest tune � several minutes in all until at last, it is joined by a
vibrator pressed deeply into my pussy so its tickler can assault my clit for
nine (or whatever the hour is) intense strikes. It never fails to make me
orgasm. My whole body is left tingling for minutes after the dildo and vibrator
are mechanically withdrawn.

&nbsp;

The slow dripping
sensations of oily lubricant resume, as does the ticking of the clock. My
senses remain in a heightened state from now on. On each of the following
quarter hours, the dildo will again emerge and fuck my ass � not slowly and
deliberately as happens on the hourly chime, but rapidly and with a force that
would knock me over if it wasn�t for the T-bar support under my hips. It only
last a minute (slightly longer at the half hour mark) but by the end of it, I
am exhausted and gasping to draw breath. Sometimes, it hurts so much I scream,
but you rarely notice unless the sight of my ass being roughly ravished overly
excites one of your clients to draw your attention. I usually try not to cry,
but occasionally the anguish is too much to hold back.

&nbsp;

You usually time
your morning tea break to coincide with the eleven o�clock chimes. Several
minutes beforehand, you rise from your desk and remove your trousers and
underwear. There is a step at the end of the cabinet and a window that opens,
through which you offer me your cock. I suck you sensuously and try not to
flinch when I hear the whirring begin. A moment later, the fucking of my pussy
and ass begins. You often rock your hips in time with the grinding sound of the
motors thrusting the cocks into my holes, but will hold back your ejaculation
into my mouth to coincide with the eleven intense vibrations that you know make
me orgasm.

&nbsp;

An hour later,
you may again climb the step and feed me your cum, although many is the time
you will instead invite your favored clients to fuck my mouth. After the chimes
have finished pounding my pussy and ass, and I have swallowed mouthfuls of
jism, you release me from the cabinet. It�s always deeply humiliating for me to
walk nude from your office, down to the company cafeteria � my ass and inner
thighs glistening with oily residue from the lubricant; my whole body still
numb from the orgasms I have had to endure all morning.

&nbsp;

You have a chef
who always knows how you like to have me served up for lunch. He�s ready with a
stainless steel trolley, and I am bound on my back with my ankles tied back
over my head near my wrists. I watch helplessly as he places various bowls and
plates around me � a selection of fruits usually, accompanied by hot strawberry
sauce and whipped cream. The chef will always decorate my anus with a dollop of
cream and either a cherry or strawberry to top it off. As a final touch, he
will stuff my mouth with a whole plum before an kitchen assistant wheels me
back to your office.

&nbsp;

It always
embarrasses me when you play with your food. The sensations of your tongue
chasing the cheery around in the cream in my ass hole tickle and, any guests
sharing lunch with you must surely think I actually enjoy being humiliated like
that. The rest of the meal is spent refilling my anal crater with cream or hot
strawberry sauce and then dipping cut fruit that you eat.

&nbsp;

Lunchtimes,
though it embarrasses me to admit, usually result in my favorite orgasms of the
day. Once you�ve eaten your fill of fruit you�ll lick my entire ass and pussy
clean, with extra attention paid to my defenseless clit. Strictly speaking, I�m
not allowed to orgasm during lunch, and you punish me with hard spanks to my
ass, or will whip my pussy and ass with a stingy flogger, if I do let myself
get carried away with my own pleasure.

&nbsp;

On an ordinary
day, lunch may last an hour, after which you will return me to the glass
display cabinet before the 1pm chime strikes. However, if you run past this
time it usually means you�ve especially enjoyed your lunch. On these days you
untie me and have me return the trolley to the kitchen, along with the
instruction I am to give the Chef and his assistants whatever �tip� they
desire.

&nbsp;

When I first
started with you, there was only Chef and one assistant. These days, there can
be anything up to four assistants eager to receive your tip. Chef is a lot like
you in that he enjoys fucking my ass. Depending on how much time you have given
me (usually not much), I will stand bent over with my hands on my knees while
he fucks my ass. I then remain that way while his assistants take turns.
However, most times I have to pay the tip there isn�t this much time. In these
cases, Chef will have the senior assistant lie naked on a coffee table in their
staff room while I must sit on his cock. Chef then mounts my ass, and the other
assistants in order of seniority will position themselves, for me to suck one
and masturbate the other two.

&nbsp;

You often delight
in asking me how many tips I had to pay and whether or not I made the payment
in one large sum (taking all five men at once). Sometimes, you�ll even wait
beyond the 2pm chime just so you can hear me confess all the details of how the
Chef and kitchen staff used me. It�s bad enough when you are alone for this,
but having to tell all these details when you have clients in the room is extra
humiliating. You make me blush even more when you make me bend over in front of
them and hold my butt cheeks spread to show where the cocks fucked me and
deposited their cum. They�ll usually want to finger my holes as well, which you
happily encourage them to do. If the clients are particularly important to you
(and occasionally when they aren�t) you�ll even let them fuck me again, or have
me sit on their cocks and fuck them while you watch.

&nbsp;

The last couple
of hours of the working day are spent back in the glass display cabinet � my
ass ravished solidly ever quarter hour and my pussy on the hour, every hour.
After the five o�clock chimes have rung in my exhausted body, you let me out
and allow me a minute or two to recover my breath. You undress while I do this
and then sit in your chair to wait for me. It is my job to masturbate lubricant
onto your cock � a task I secretly relish. I can usually tell the mood you�re
in by what you have me do next.

&nbsp;

If you�re in a
happy, relaxed mood, you�ll invite me to sit on your cock � usually facing you,
straddling your thighs so you can look into my eyes while you sensuously fuck
my pussy. However, on other days when you�re voracious sexual appetite still
hasn�t been filled, you�ll tell me to stand between you and your desk with my
back to you.

&nbsp;

You tie my ankles
and then spread them widely to tether them to the legs of your desk. Then,
you�ll move around the desk and spread me out so I'm bending over it � my
wrists tied to the front legs of your desk. On days when you�re especially
aroused you�ll even gag me. You then move behind again and feed your hard cock
into my ass. There is no preliminary loosening up or gentleness. You simply
thrust into me and fuck me hard, and mercilessly. It�s a fucking that can last
up to half an hour or more while your balls regenerate cum to replace all the
jism you�ve lost through the day. The longer this takes, the more energetic you
become and you slap my butt cheeks repeatedly, until I can feel them glowing
and burning with the imprints of your hands.

&nbsp;

By the time you
ultimately finish, my ass hole burns with such intensity it feels like there�s
literally a fire burning there. But you�re not an entirely cruel boss. On days
that end with a severe ass fucking like this, you never let me go until after
you have gently soothed and massaged my tortured anus with a special medicated
cr�me you keep for the purpose in your desk draw. It has a slightly numbing
effect and feels silky and cool. I revel in the sensations of it being applied
and will sometimes even orgasm with no other stimulation than your finger in my
ass�

&nbsp;

anonymouse







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anonymouse-w


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





