BDSM Library - Hotel room




Hotel room
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman realises her fantasy by visiting a Master in his hotel room








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-03-29T22:53:00Z
  2007-03-29T22:53:00Z
  4
  1700
  9696
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  80
  22
  11374
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






You walk into the
hotel lobby, past reception and into the lift. You're already nervous and when
the lift doors close you get a shiver of nerves and excitement as you begin to
realise what you are doing. As the lift climbs up to the 10th floor you think about
your situation- you agreed to meet me after an online chat, you don't know much
about me at all but you liked how I made you feel. You like the idea of being
helpless, of letting someone have control over you in every way. The stories I
told you online made you feel excited, and the idea that it could happen for
real thrilled you so much that you decided it had to happen.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

The lift doors open
and you look at the sign and follow it down the corridor to room 1012. Nerves
start to take hold and you stand outside the door for a minute trying to decide
whether to knock. You know that you have agreed that once you go inside the room
that you will not have any say in what happens, that you will have to obey or
face consequences. You don't know the consequences- you have told me how far
you want to go but you have no idea if I will stick to the rules.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

You finally see your
hand reaching up and knocking, almost on its own. The knocking stirs up new
nerves, but they don't have time to take hold before I open the door and invite
you inside. Taking a deep breath you step through the door�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

To your surprise I
tell you to sit down and pour you a drink. I sit opposite and for a few minutes
we talk about your day, how nervous you are, and what a nice room it is. You
feel yourself starting to relax as it seems that you didn't have a reason to be
nervous- I seem like a nice guy and you feel more confident in my company.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I stand up, and offer
you another drink. You accept, but instead of pouring I walk behind your chair
and tell you to stand up.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;If you want
that drink you'll have to do something for me,&quot; you hear me say.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

Suddenly all the
nerves are back, you want to run from the room but you know the door is locked.
You have no choice but to listen to what I want you to do, and you wonder what
it could be.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

You stand up, and
face forward, with me behind your chair. &quot;Take off your top&quot; I say
and you look down, take a deep breath and undo your buttons. Your hands are
shaking but now there is a different feeling- you are beginning to warm up. You
know that I could tell you to do anything and you would have to do it, and the
thought makes you feel good- dirty and slutty but good.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

You finish undoing
your buttons and slip off your top, and I tell you to undo your bra. You reach
behind you and unhook it, and let it fall to the ground. I tell you to go to
the middle of the room, and I sit down in your chair. You take a deep breath and
turn around, and I look at your breasts, asking you to lift each and then let
it drop.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
nice,&quot; I say, and you feel cold and warm at the same time. &quot;Take off
your shoes, socks and jeans.&quot;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

You undo your shoes,
and take them off with your socks. Then you unbutton your jeans, and push them
down, stepping out of them. You are wearing a black g-string, as I had asked
you to do, and it hardly covers anything- you feel like you are already naked.
You can almost feel my eyes crawling over your body, and you start thinking
that this must be what a whore or a stripper would feel like. Standing in front
of a man she hardly knows, letting him see her whole body like an object. You
are very excited and start to feel a tingle between your legs.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I tell you to turn
around, and bend over, holding onto your legs. You do so, and you hear me get
out of the chair and stand behind you. Without warning you feel a sharp pain
and hear a 'whack' as I spank you- once, again, and a third time. You feel me
reach between your legs and touch your pussy, and when you realise that I know
you are enjoying the experience you feel embarrassed.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;Take them
off&quot; you hear me say, and you reach down and pull off your g-string. I
asked you to shave before you came, and you hear me give a &quot;mmm&quot; of
approval as I see your naked pussy. You didn't realise you could ever go this
far, and you feel a little surprised at yourself- letting me see you like this,
almost asking me to take advantage of you.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I tell you to stand
up and turn around, hands behind your back. It is now for the first time that I
see you entirely naked. You feel small, vulnerable and slightly scared, and yet
at the same time you begin to give in to the pleasure you are feeling. I am
treating you as an object, lower than a stripper. You are worse than a whore as
you don't expect any money. This is the feeling you had been thinking about
when you were persuaded to put an ad online- you are now in the moment,
standing without any clothes on in front of a man who could do anything to you.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;I have decided
to call you 'slut',&quot; I say. &quot;That's what you are- what kind of a girl
would let a guy do this to her? You want to be tied up and fucked, and taken
control of, and you even advertised on the internet. That makes you a slut, and
a bad, bad girl. That's how I'm going to treat you.&quot;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

You wonder what this
means but you don't have time to think before I tell you to get me a drink. You
walk to the bench and pour me a red wine, and as you walk back and hand it to
me you see that I am looking at your body the whole time. &quot;Turn on the
TV,&quot; I say- &quot;I'm going to fuck with you when I'm ready.&quot; You
turn it on with the remote and find the sport channel, and I tell you to kneel
down. You kneel with your head down and hands behind your back, in front of the
chair where I have sat down. You prepare yourself for the fact that I am going
to tell you to go down on me. It won't be so bad, you tell yourself- I look
like a clean guy, and this was what you knew you were letting yourself in for.
You will have to pleasure me in whichever way I want and you are enjoying the
fact that you have given up all the control over your body.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

However, I do not
tell you to suck me. You wait, and wait for a little while longer. Suddenly it
dawns on you that I am not just treating you like a sex object, but like an
object. I will use you when I want, and I will keep you waiting when I want. Just
realising this makes you feel even lower than before. You realise I don't care
about how hot or horny you feel, but I will take you as and when I feel like
it. It is now that you start to realise what the role of a sub is. To please
your Master, in whatever way he wants, whenever he wants you to, no matter how
you feel.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

As you kneel, waiting
on me, you wonder how I am going to use you. Will I tie you down and fuck you?
Will I make you deep throat me? Will I get pleasure from hurting you? There are
so many ways I could give you pain� Will I do something you hadn't even thought
of�?

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

After a long time I
turn off the TV. You wake up from your thoughts and realise that it is now that
your session really begins. You watch as I walk over to a bag on the floor and
put it on the bed. Reaching inside, I pull out things that up till now you had
only seen in your imagination or on the internet- clamps, a long blue dildo, a
bright orange butt plug, handcuffs, rope� Your mind starts to race as you
wonder exactly how I intend to use all of them on you.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I tell you to get up,
and to stand facing the mirror on the wall in the middle of the hotel room,
with your hands behind your head. Seeing yourself naked in the mirror you
realise how vulnerable you are, and the fact that I still have all my clothes
on makes the feeling even stronger. You watch as I cuff your wrists behind your
head, and put a leather collar around your neck. I attach the chain between the
cuffs to a clasp on the collar, and you know that you can't move your hands to
protect yourself if you wanted to. Your body is completely open to me- and when
I reach around your head to put the ball gag into your mouth, you know that if
you screamed nobody could hear you. You are therefore trapped and at my mercy
completely. A sudden chill runs through your body when you realise this, and
you wonder whether it was a bad idea after all to trust me. It's too late to go
back now, and so you have no choice but to watch as I begin to use your body.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I stand behind you
and you watch my hands as they cup your breasts, and a sharp pain jabs you as I
squeeze your nipples hard. They are standing up and you see the smile on my
face as I enjoy the look on your face. I pinch again, watching the look in your
eyes, and then once more- this time much harder and without stopping. Your face
screws up and your hands struggle to reach down, but they are fixed behind your
head. Your knees bend and you start to sink to the floor, but I order you to
stand up.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;You're weak-
you should be able to stand more pain than that. I thought you were a good slut
but I guess you need a bit of work.&quot; I let go of your nipples and walk
back to the bed, returning with a pair of butterfly clamps on a chain. I
explain that these clamps are designed to pinch harder, the harder the chain is
pulled. When I put them on your nipples you find yourself thinking that they
pinch pretty hard to start with!

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

I order you to lean
forward and put your face on the waist-high shelf in front of the mirror. The
chain dangles from your nipples, and you rest your hands on the back of your
head. You can only listen and wonder as you hear me walk to the bed, and you hear
a slimy squelching sound as I walk back.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

Suddenly you feel
something cold and wet pushing at your butt- you realise that I brought back
the butt plug and the sound you heard was me covering it with lube. I push the
plug gently at your butt and you wonder exactly how wide the plug is- your butt
is pretty tight as you are nervous and slightly uncomfortable. Slowly you feel
me pushing it bit by bit inside you, and you start to worry as you feel your
butt stretching wider and wider. It is not painful, but you know that if it got
much wider it would start to hurt, but there is nothing you could do to stop
me. You try to protest, but can't make more than muffled sounds through the
gag- and when I hear them I stop pushing and just let the plug sit where it is.
Slowly your butt begins to relax, and when I feel it I push again. More and
more of the plug enters your body and you start to feel like an object once
more- I am using whatever part of you I feel like in whatever way I want. You
know that if it starts to hurt I won't stop- I know what I want and I will keep
going until I get it.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

Finally the plug
narrows again, and I let go- it is now lodged inside your butt, and I stand
back and look at you. You make a very tempting picture- a young woman,
helplessly tied, bending down with her pussy in front of me. The butt plug in
your ass makes you look very slutty and I imagine what it would feel like to
fuck you right now. You are probably at least slightly wet, and I would enjoy
forcing my way into you, listening to your voice whimpering as I pushed deep
inside your body. I could even make you watch in the mirror as I turned you
into more of a slut- I would pull out the butt plug and take you that way,
making you look into my face in the mirror as I did. However- I have more
self-control than that, and I am enjoying pushing your boundaries. I will take
you when I am ready. In the meantime you are absolutely helpless to stop me.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Papa Vegas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





