BDSM Library - Disobedience




Disobedience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife learns to surrrender absolutely to her loving, but strict husband and his very demanding sexual needs.







Disobedience

 
   jim
   jim
  2
  3
  2113-01-01T04:00:00Z
  2007-04-02T22:04:00Z
  2007-04-02T22:04:00Z
  1
  5136
  29281
   
  244
  68
  34349
  10.2625
 

 
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Disobedience

&nbsp;

My name is
Margaret. I am 24 years old, I live in the south of England and I am married to
a wonderful man. I was brought up in a conservative family and I was a virgin
when I got married. I did not really think that I was unworldly, but my
knowledge of sex in marriage did not prepare me for the reality. I knew that
couples enjoyed doing other things than straightforward intercourse. For
example I had heard of oral sex. I thought that meant that I might be expected
to kiss my husband's penis and I expected to to be alright with that.

&nbsp;

Before we married,
my husband and I discussed what sort of relationship we would have. He is ten
years older than me, a very successful businessman and a large, strong,
authoritative man. I expected a husband to be like my father has always been.
The head of his household who is loving, caring and decisive. That is exactly
what I got and before the ceremony I had agreed that ours would be a
disciplined marriage. My husband explained that I would be punished if I failed
to follow his rules and to keep the relationship clear in my mind I would
receive a 'maintenance' spanking of 20 strokes of his hand on my bare bottom
each week. The severity of any punishments would be dependent on the nature of
my failing or disobedience, but there were to be clear rules. The instrument of
punishment would be the hand, a leather flogger, his belt or a light cane.
Punishment would most often be applied to my bottom, but in more serious
circumstances, other permissible areas would be the breasts, thighs and vagina.
Although I had been punished by my father on my bottom, I was rather taken
aback by this and must have shown so by blushing, because at this point my
husband explained that an adult woman should expect things to be different in
the intimacies of marriage than the punishment of a daughter by her father. Of
course this is right and when he went on to explain that the punishments would
never in any circumstances draw blood or leave permanent marks I was reassured.
I was happy to agree to these rules for marriage and even excited at the
prospect.

&nbsp;

On our honeymoon
my husband was gentle with me. Our love making was passionate and exciting. He
gave me tremendous pleasure and introduced me to the extreme joy of multiple
orgasms produced by his hands, tongue and penis. Once I was able to accommodate
his large member inside me without discomfort, he told me that it was time to
begin our journey of development of our lovemaking into the complete surrender
of a wife to the pleasure of her husband. Exactly 7 days after our marriage the
first Saturday had arrived for my maintenance. After a delightful lunch in our
hotel we returned to our room where he told me to take of my clothes and take a
shower. Dried and glowing with expectation and nervousness I returned to the
bedroom where my naked husband gestured to me to take my position over his
knees. He kissed me gently on the neck and the next thing I knew was a terrible
stinging pain in my left buttock. I screamed and kicked out my feet in reflex
action. I heard a harsh &quot;keep still and quiet&quot; before a second stroke
hit me equally hard on my right buttock.

&nbsp;

I bit my lip and
held myself rigid until on the sixth stroke I could contain it no longer and I
cried out as my tears dropped from my face. As the next stroke came down I put
my hand in the way and stopped it from fully completing its blow.

&nbsp;

He stopped and in
a calm voice he told me to get off his knee and kneel before him. I did as
instructed and my husband said. &quot;For interfering in your maintenance you
will receive two punishment strokes with my belt on your bottom. You punishment
is lenient as this is your first spanking, but future transgressions will be
dealt with more severely.&quot;

&nbsp;

He told me to
place myself in a kneeling position with my bottom in the air and my forehead
on the floor in the position that my father had told him I knew. With my tears
blurring my vision, I did as I was told while he took his belt from the
trousers on the bed. The two lashes on my sore bottom hurt beyond description.

&nbsp;

During my
childhood my father had spanked me with his hand and even caned me when I had
been especially naughty, but I now realised that my womanly duties would be
much harder to bear.

&nbsp;

I was then made to
get back onto my husband's knee and receive the remaining four strokes of his
hand. This I did without further sound or movement.

&nbsp;

At the end of the
maintenance my husband kissed me passionately and held me in a loving embrace.
He told me that he loved me dearly and he believed that our marriage would be
wonderful. Feelings of love swept over me in wave after wave as the fierce
stinging in my bottom turned to heat and glow. I could feel that he was very
aroused. He told me to kneel again and as I did so his hugely erect member
seemed to fill the whole of my tearful vision. He told me to clasp my hands
behind me and open my mouth. Taking a handful of my hair he positioned my head
and drew my open mouth onto his penis until it filled my mouth fully.

&nbsp;

My husband gently
explained to me that on this first occasion I should suck and lick his penis
until he removed it. I was to use my mouth to stimulate him as much as I could.
I must minister to his member as if I were worshipping it with all the devotion
that I could raise. My aim was to be to love the presence of it in my mouth as
much as I loved to kiss his mouth. I must desire to meet every possible want of
the penis with my mouth as I desired to have it work my vagina to orgasm. He
said that in the future he would ejaculate into my mouth and that my throat
would receive it in the same way as my vagina, but on this first occasion I
could just suck and lick.

&nbsp;

My mouth was
stretched and my jaw ached as I worked feverishly to carry out these orders.
All the time my mind was racing with the thoughts of what was to come. Could
this really be possible? How could this huge thing get into my throat, and how
could I possibly have it spurt into my mouth? Were these things normal and
could I cope with them?

&nbsp;

While I worked my
mouth as best I could my husband started to move my head back a forth a little
from the hold he had on my hair. Soon he was groaning. He pulled my head away,
threw me face down onto the bed and entered my vagina from behind. We both
climaxed violently and the coolness of his belly against by scorching bottom was
pure heaven.

&nbsp;

He started on a
daily programme of oral training as soon as we returned home from the
honeymoon. Each day after dinner in the evening, I removed all my clothes and
knelt before him in his chair. I was instructed to undo his clothing and take
his soft penis into my mouth. I then kissed, licked and sucked it until it
became erect. At this stage my husband took my head and told me to clasp my
hands behind my back. He moved my mouth up and down on him, telling me to
continue using my tongue and sucking. He explained that he was going to push
into my throat and when I felt the head of his penis there I must make a
swallowing action to allow it to enter easily. He told me that I would gag at
first, but with repeated effort I would be able to receive him fully. He tried
two or three times on that first occasion, but my throat reacted violently each
time causing me to cough and choke and bringing tears to my eyes.

&nbsp;

After about thirty
minutes of this training, in which there were long periods of me being allowed
to suck gently without my throat being tested, he said that he was ready to
ejaculate. Not knowing at all what to expect I froze until my husband said
&quot;you may as well get used to the taste right away&quot; and I knew that he
was going to do it in my mouth. Even so, it was a great shock a few seconds
later to feel his penis pulsating and for my mouth to be flooded with semen as
he held my head firmly in place. I coughed and some of it splashed out from
around my lips and onto his clothing.

&nbsp;

My husband lifted
my head away. After telling me to look up with my mouth open so that he could
see, he commanded me to swallow. I did so although I found it very difficult
that first time. My mouth seemed full of stickiness and it would not go down
easily.

&nbsp;

I was punished for
soiling my husband's clothing, but he was not excessive due to my inexperience.
After this lesson my husband provided me with a bendable rubber penis which I
was to practice putting into my throat until I could do it without being sick.
I practised each day while he was at work and with him in the evenings. Over
the coming weeks I slowly managed to take him fully into my throat and to
swallow his semen fully whether he chose to do it in my mouth or throat. The
objective, as explained to me, was to make my mouth as readily usable for
intercourse as my vagina and I am proud to say that we have achieved that
objective. My husband now ejaculates into my mouth or throat at least once
every day and he sometimes chooses for our intercourse to be entirely into my
mouth, when he thrusts with just as much vigour as he might at the other end.
However, this did not come easily or quickly and my failings during training
resulted in a considerable number of punishments. During this period my chastisement
was extended beyond my bottom. On three occasions my sensitive inner thighs
were beaten with the flogger or belt and once the flogger was used on my
breasts.

&nbsp;

My breast flogging
was not really as painful as some of my other punishments, but I was frightened
before it happened and rather worried whether it might cause any injury to me.
I should not have had that worry because my husband assured me before our
marriage that I would never be caused permanent injury and I know that he is
knowledgeable and would never break his word. I must have more trust. The day
following the breast flogging I had very clear stripes across them which were
slightly raised. I wore a low topped tee shirt throughout the day as I did my
work around the house. Seeing the stripes each time I passed a mirror gave me a
little thrill. That day I really felt that I was owned by my husband and it
made me feel safe and warm. When my husband came home from work I met him at
the door as usual and kissed him. He then kissed the exposed part of each of my
breasts before saying &quot;if you wish to display yourself, do so properly.
Remove your clothing now and remain naked until your marks are gone.&quot; I
had to stay nude for three days. It is fortunate that my work is to keep the
house and I had nearly enough shopping to get away without having to go out.
Our house is quite well shielded from the outside world but even so I jumped
each time the post came and kept well away from the windows. I ran out of some
fresh vegetables which earned me a punishment. I had hoped that it might go
unnoticed, but my husband is very particular and regular about his food
requirements and that was hopeless really.

&nbsp;

Six months into
our marriage I had come to really treasure the feel of my husband's penis in my
mouth. I would lie in his lap for hours sometimes gently sucking and licking
him. Occasionally he would ejaculate as a result of my efforts and I would
swallow his semen. It was no longer difficult because I salivate in
anticipation as soon as I feel his erection enlarging that little bit more and
his penis beginning to pulse. The depth of my communion with my husband is very
profound as I swallow his ejaculate. Not only does he feed me by earning our
living, he does it directly from his own body. He is my provider in every way
and I adore it. When he first told me to worship his penis I did not know what
he meant or how to do it. Now I understand his wisdom. I worship it every day
and it comforts me and provides for me. I spend every moment trying to make my
oral massage more pleasurable and more satisfying for my husband. I yearn to
give him the pleasure of orgasm as often and as gratifyingly as any woman ever
could. He must never desire another mouth more than mine.

&nbsp;

This last emotion
was reinforced for me one evening when we entertained a couple at our house.
The man was a friend of my husband from his club. They have known each other
since university. He is married to a woman who was also at university with both
of them. She is very beautiful with grace and poise although being the same age
as my husband she is, of course, older than me. My husband has not been married
before, but I know that he has had women friends before me and will have had
sexual experience. We have never discussed such things, and before this woman
was in my house I had never given it much thought other than to be pleased that
my husband was so skilled and authoritative in our love making.

&nbsp;

As we had dinner
and relaxed over drinks I became aware of the intimacy between my husband and
these three people. It was very likely that she would have been his sexual
partner at some time. Was it straightforward intercourse, or has his penis been
in her mouth? Had he done things with her that he had not done with me? Did she
please him as much as I did; or better! By the time we went to bed I was
feeling insecure and I have to admit that I was disliking her. I threw myself
into our lovemaking, begging my husband to take me however he pleased. With
inhibitions lowered by alcohol he responded powerfully and I am embarrassed as
I think that the slaps and squeals must have been heard in our guest bedroom.

&nbsp;

I think that my
husband sensed my ill ease because a few hours after our guests had left the
next day he said that it was time for him to introduce me to a new form of
intercourse for our lovemaking. Alternatively, her presence had caused him to
remember something that he had done with her. If that was the case I would have
to make sure that I did it well and that I gave him more pleasure from it than
she could have done. What else could there be though? I would not have to wait
too long to find out. I was instructed to bathe immediately after dinner and go
to the bedroom.

&nbsp;

My husband came
into the bedroom and undressed. He told me to kneel and I sucked him to erection
as he told me what was to happen. He said that he was going to penetrate my
bottom. My mind was filled with turmoil as much as my mouth was filled with
him. Of course I knew that homosexual men did something of the kind, but it had
never occurred to me that women did it. He was very large. How could it
possibly go in? Surely it would hurt a great deal. I was in no position to ask
and any way I would not dare to question.

&nbsp;

My husband drew my
head away from him and told me to turn to the bed and kneel over the edge of it
with my legs apart and my face on the bed. He began to rub something cold on my
bottom hole and then slipped in a finger. It went in easily and as he moved it
backwards and forwards it created a funny sensitive feeling. He put in a second
finger and continued the rhythmic movement until he suddenly withdrew them and
I felt the head of his penis pressed to me. He told me to relax and clasped my
shoulders as he pushed against the sphincter muscle of my bottom. With a rush I
opened and a few inches of him entered. I thought I would split and it was very
painful. I cried out and he smacked my bottom. He started to move himself in
and out of me and spanked me with both hands as he did so. After a little while
the discomfort of the penetration decreased and my warmed up bottom lost some
of its tension. He stopped spanking and rubbed my clitoris. Then he put his
fingers inside my vagina to feel the movement of his penis. As he massaged my
clitoris and vagina I relaxed more and more until I felt orgasm coming.
Gradually I was overwhelmed and spasmed ecstatically. I felt him come deeper
into me as I convulsed with a huge and wonderful orgasm. As my muscles clamped
onto his fingers and penis deep inside me, he came to his orgasm too. I don't
know whether I took him to his full length on that first occasion, but I felt
incredibly stretched and I had diarrhoea a few hours later.

&nbsp;

He took me in the
bottom about once a week after that and I came to be able to receive him easily
after a period of time. Once I had become accustomed to this form or
intercourse he didn't need to use the lubricant any more. either I would
moisten him well with saliva or he would use my vagina before entering my
bottom so he became slippery with my juices. He explained to me that he would
never go into my vagina after my bottom because that could cause infection. As
with our other lovemaking, what was difficult and uncomfortable at first is now
easy and pleasurable. If my husband takes me anally while we are face to face
and kissing, the movement of his body against my clitoris can bring me to
orgasm without my vagina having ever been entered.

&nbsp;

Not long after my
introduction to anal intercourse was the happiest time of my life when I became
pregnant. By this time I was completely accustomed to my maintenance spankings
which served to remind me of my role and my promises, but were not the painful
experience they had been in the early days of our marriage. My husband
explained that the routine would continue throughout the pregnancy, but as I
became large he stopped taking me over his knee and allowed me to be spanked
bending over and resting my hands on the bed. This worked very well. I took
great care to avoid punishments as far as possible although a few were
inevitable. Some were done quite safely on my bottom and I did have the belt
and cane on my inner thighs. This was horribly painful, but presented no risk
at all to me or the baby. We have a private doctor and the midwife was also
arranged through this family practice used by my parents as well as us. This
meant that I did not have to see a lot of different people during my pregnancy
and we could rely on their discretion. Nevertheless, I did have marks sometimes
when I was examined and although there was no mention of it I certainly felt
self conscious.

&nbsp;

In the late stages
of my pregnancy, my husband stopped taking me vaginally, but I continued to
take him in the mouth each day and he would have my bottom whenever he chose.

&nbsp;

Close to the
correct time I started to get contractions and I telephoned my husband, my
mother and the doctor. It was arranged for my mother to take me into hospital
where I was given a private room. My husband arrived in the late afternoon as
soon as he was able to get away from his work. I was comfortable and we told
him that I was not expected to deliver for some time, but I would be staying in
hospital now until it happened. He asked my mother to leave us a lone for a few
minutes and after ensuring that I was comfortable he had me take him in my
mouth. I sucked him until he was hard and then he thrust into my throat. He
ejaculated within a few minutes, much more quickly than he usually is, and I
had a contraction just as he shot his semen into my throat. After calling in my
mother, he then left us alone with instructions for the hospital to call him
before the birth.

&nbsp;

My beautiful son
David was born in the early hours of the next morning in the presence of my
husband. It was a straight forward birth without complication and I was able to
leave hospital in time for my next maintenance session. We never missed a day
of my husband using my mouth. That gave me great comfort. I would have been
concerned for him if I had not been available for his needs.

&nbsp;

After I had
settled into motherhood and I was still nursing David, my husband drank from my
breast one evening and after he had done that he said to me:

&nbsp;

&quot;Your
maintenance is no longer adequate to keep our marriage in the condition that it
requires. Our son is the most precious thing in our lives, but you are not
putting as much care and attention into our home and meeting my requirements as
you did before he was born. You must learn to keep up your wifely duties
whatever new responsibilities and loves enter your life. There will not be any
increase in your spanking because that was agreed before we married and
anything more severe is reserved for punishment. However, your surrender, and
commitment to serve me in every way required, will be reinforced by you serving
as my urinal. Just as I have drunk from you, you will drink from me. In your
case it will be once each week on completion of your maintenance spanking.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No, I
can't&quot;, I screamed without a moment's thought. This was my first act of
disobedience in our marriage and I knew instantly that I would have to be
punished as I had never been before. But my fears were real and I had to
explain that milk was a natural food, but urine is a waste product and surely I
would become ill if I drank it.

&nbsp;

My husband
explained patiently that I should recall that he had undertaken never to cause
me permanent injury and he would not make me sick either. Urine is certainly
waste, but coming from a healthy person it would do absolutely no harm. He said
nothing more and told me to go and remove my clothing. I was belted and caned
on the bottom and thighs and given a breast flogging. Breast punishment is
delivered with me kneeling, facing a full length bedroom mirror. My hands are
clasped behind me and my shoulders thrust back. In this way I can watch every
stroke of the flogger coming and see the marks rise up on my breasts. On this
occasion, as the tears rolled down my face, milk oozed from my nipples. When I
fed David, his usually warm face felt cool against my burning breasts, but that
was later. After the punishment I was instructed to stay where I was. I knelt
there for about half an hour seeing my breasts change in colour and shape as
the bruising settled. The initial thin, red lines spreading and going purple.
Drops of milk fell to the carpet and made me worry about staining.

&nbsp;

At the end of this
time my husband came and handed me a bunch of papers. He told me that I was to
read those later and he took me to the computer where he showed me a video. It
was an attractive American lady of about 40 who knelt before her husband,
opened his trousers and took out his penis. She said &quot;piss in my mouth
please&quot; and he did. Five times he filled her open mouth with urine and she
swallowed it. She never spilled a drop. When he was finished she sucked him
clean and rearranged his clothing before saying thank you. My husband told me
that what I had seen had been done with an open mouth for the sake of it being
obvious what was happening on video. In our case, I would be required to close
my lips round his penis in the same way as I did when I sucked him. I would
then be able to swallow continuously rather than him having to stop after each
mouthful to allow me to swallow.

&nbsp;

I was sent away to
read the documents which were accounts of people who drank their own urine for
health reasons and others who drank urine from their partner as part of their
relationship. There were also some medical tracts from specialist websites
confirming that there were not any health risks in swallowing urine. There was
even an account of an Arab Prince who only ever urinated into the mouth of a
female servant. A girl was kept close by him wherever he went so that he would
never be inconvenienced (dear me what an appropriate word!).

&nbsp;

After my
punishment and receiving all this information I was deeply ashamed that I had
disobeyed my husband. I still felt some repugnance at the thought of having
urine in my mouth and stomach, but I had been terribly wrong to imagine that he
would do this to me if it would do any harm. I went to the toilet and pee'd
into my mouthwash glass. As I put it to my mouth I got the faint odour of fresh
urine. I poured a little into my mouth and was oddly surprised my its tepid
warmth. As I swallowed it there was very little taste other than slight
saltiness. I finished the glass and washed it before going immediately to my
husband in his study. I apologised for my disobedience and thanked him, not
only for my punishment, but for indulging me by giving me so much information
to set my mind at rest. Although it was not maintenance day I asked him if I
could be his toilet right away. Having been such a poor wife I did not want him
to have to wait before putting me into my proper place. He agreed and told me
to go and kneel beside the toilet and wait for him. As this was my first time I
may spill some or be unable to take it all and we did not want any mess on the
floor did we.

&nbsp;

I had to wait a
long time before he was ready. Soon after his soft penis was in my mouth, the
urine started to flow. There was no smell of course, as there had been when I
drank my own from a glass, but the salty, warm taste was much the same. To
begin with, the flow was not very fast and I swallowed as it came, but it
turned into what seemed like a torrent and I could not handle it. I coughed so
his penis shot out of my mouth and I splattered urine all over his clothes. I
was horrified as he turned and carried on into the toilet bowl. &quot;Please
don't waste it&quot; I cried. &quot;Just stop for a moment. I will try harder.
I will be a good toilet for you. Please let me take all you have. I want to be
your urinal all the time not just at maintenance. I want you to have the same
choices as any Arab Prince.&quot;

&nbsp;

He ignored my
desperate wailings, knowing that these were the stupid rantings of a wife who
had failed to live up to her promise. He went to change his clothes and when I
collected the wet ones for laundry I asked him if I could have my punishment
for spoiling them. He wisely pointed out that I was already very sore from my
punishment for disobedience and I had to stay in a fit state to look after our
son and do my work.

&nbsp;

It was a Tuesday
and my husband said that from Wednesday to Friday evening I would receive
urinal training and I would have a belting for messing up his clothes and
ranting stupidly. The number of strokes of the belt and where they were placed
would depend on my progress with the urinal training. by Saturday I was expected
to be able to perform my urinal duties to his full satisfaction at my
maintenance.

&nbsp;

It was a very
short training period, but I worked hard at it and by the time of my
maintenance I received the full contents of his bladder without mishap. Apart
from being his urinal in the training evenings, I fitted a piece of hose to the
bathroom basin and practised swallowing from it with the tap on at gradually
increasing flows. Now that I have been doing this duty for a long time I can
take whatever my husband has to give me however much he may have had to drink
or how long it has been since he relieved himself. As with my other marital
duties, I am very proud of my urinal service and how effectively I complete it.
This has brought me incredibly close to my husband and deepened my
understanding of service more than I could ever have imagined before I got
married. In a very real sense he is not only with me in spirit all the time,
but he is actually physically inside me for every moment of my life. His sperm
is in my stomach every day and his urine hydrates me every week. His love is
with me and inside me for all of my life.

&nbsp;

My urinal duty is
confined to maintenance except on one occasion not so long ago. We were at
Dover when we had a couple of hours to wait before a ferry to France. My
husband said that we would go for a walk on the famous white cliffs. They are
very beautiful and we walked along them looking out over the chalk cliff face
to the English Channel when I felt the need to relieve myself. I told my
husband that we would have to find a caf� or something where I could use the
toilet. He simply told me to take off my knickers and give them to him. When I
had done that he told me to tuck my skirt into my belt. This was awful because
we were completely in the open. There was not anybody nearby, but there were
people on the cliffs. Lots of them were bird watchers with binoculars and
telescopes. Of course I did as I was told, but my face was blushing fiercely.
When I had done it he told me to squat down and he put his penis in my mouth.
He urinated into me as I did the same onto the grass and he gazed around as if
he were simply admiring our dramatic surroundings. I will never know if we were
observed, but I had a terrible thrill from the possibility and I am sure that
my husband must have enjoyed the thought as well. He let me put my skirt back
in place when we were finished but he didn't give my knickers back. We spent
the whole of the trip to France walking or sitting on the top deck of the ferry
during a very windy crossing.

&nbsp;

We do not use
artificial contraception and we do not intend to have another child for at
least a further year, but our natural contraception is perfect so we can plan
our family to meet our wishes. It is quite simply that my husband never ejaculates
into my vagina unless we are planning that I should become pregnant. I swallow
his semen most often, but he goes to completion when he is taking me anally.

&nbsp;

Recently this
caused a problem when I went to sleep after our lovemaking and his semen leaked
out from my bottom, staining the bed sheets. I was properly punished for my
laziness in not preventing this. Since then my husband has said that it is no
longer acceptable for him to leave his semen in my bottom. Apart from the
leakage which occurred, he now thinks that I should digest all of his ejaculate
rather than any of it being wasted in my bowel or on a tissue (or even the
sheets!). As with my toilet duties, he took me to his computer and showed me a
video to illustrate what would be required.

&nbsp;

The video, rather
crudely entitled &quot;ass2mouth&quot;, showed a very young woman who was
probably barely out of her teens, being penetrated in the mouth and bottom
simultaneously by two older men. Every few minutes the men exchanged positions
until it ended with both men ejaculating into her mouth. My husband explained
that bacteria contained in the bowel and rectum could cause infection if
transferred to the vagina, but the digestive system was equipped to deal with
this and no harm would occur from moving the penis directly from the anus to
the mouth. He told me that the film makers liked to use a young woman, not only
because she was pretty, but because it accentuates the presentation of
submission that the men are about thirty years older than her and that there are
two men using her at the same time. Most dramatically of all, for the woman to
be required to accept the penises directly from her bottom to her mouth gives
additional pleasure to the men (and, of course, the viewers of the video) to
have a woman accept something that would be instinctively distasteful. Although
the video was just a commercial product for which the woman was being paid, the
nature of the power relationship and pleasure aspects could apply to us. He
considered that it was time for me to accept this further duty to reinforce my
surrender, to fulfil my pre-marriage promise to agree to my husband deciding
how and when to have sex, and to increase his pleasure in our lovemaking.

&nbsp;

All of this
sounded rational and reasonable enough. After all, if a young woman can do this
for money with two unattractive strangers, I could obviously do it for my
loving husband. And anyway, every new element that he had introduced in the
past had become a positive and valuable part of our relationship that I could
honestly say I enjoyed however doubtful I had been at the beginning. I am not a
naturally rebellious person and I know the worth of our strong marriage in
which I am safe, protected and loved.

&nbsp;

It was a couple of
days from the announcement of the new arrangements that my husband started
making love to me vaginally and then moved into my bottom. We were still face
to face and he was kissing me with more passion than happens every time. As my
excitement rose, I remembered the video and realised that he was not going to
complete his orgasm in my bottom. The reality of what was to happen flooded my
mind. I lost all enjoyment instantly and my husband must have noticed that I
was not responding as I should. Suddenly he withdrew from me with a 'plop' and
commanded &quot;mouth&quot; as he turned onto his back. I moved my head down
towards him and he took my hair as he likes to. But then, as the head of his
penis approached my lips I smelt, or imagined, a different odour than normal. I
panicked, wriggled back and said &quot;NO! I can't&quot;. He let go of my hair
and I ran to the bathroom in tears. I was very frightened. I had left my
husband needing relief and I had directly refused him. He had no warning that
he would be rejected. What would this do to our marriage? How would I be
punished? How would he relieve his tensions? What would happen next?

&nbsp;

The new rule had
been set and I was bound by my promise to comply. My husband would not go back,
but I did not know how I could obey against the reaction of my body. I crept
out of the bathroom and returned to our bedroom. My husband was taking a shower
in the en suite and I knelt outside it to await him.

&nbsp;

When my husband
came out he sent me to bed in the spare bedroom with orders to present myself
naked at 6 am. the following morning. I didn't sleep of course. As I knelt
before him he said that I was going to receive ten strokes of the cane on my
bottom right away. After that I was to write this account of our marriage which
he would publish on the Internet. When the writing is complete I will receive a
breast belting of at least ten strokes and a vaginal whipping with the flogger
of a minimum of ten strokes. The breast and vagina punishment will increase by
two strokes per day until the writing is complete.

&nbsp;

My writing duty is
now done and it has taken me three days in between my normal work. I still have
the pattern of a farm gate on each of my buttocks and I will receive eight
strokes of the belt on each of my breasts tonight. Before that I have to go to
the salon and have all of my pubic hair waxed off in preparation for my vagina
whipping. That will be carried out one hour after the breast punishment.

&nbsp;

There is no doubt
at all that my husband will be aroused after he has punished me. I think I can
expect to have intercourse in my hot and swollen vagina, but what else I
wonder? My husband has told me that readers will judge, and he will take
account of any feedback he receives when he considers whether he is taking the
right way in overcoming my disobedience and moulding the future development of
my surrender.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AlphaBeatHer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





