BDSM Library - Jenniass




Jenniass
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Why leave all the self-abuse, dumb ideas to guys? This is supposed to be a continuing story, any suggestions are welcome







Jenni was a strange girl

 
  Christian
   jim
  2
  2
  2007-04-05T01:14:00Z
  2007-04-05T01:14:00Z
  1
  1017
  5797
   
  48
  13
  6801
  10.2625
 

 
  21
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Jenni
knew in her mind that she was a strange girl. Whenever she was watching the TV
show Jackass it made her cunt cream. Not so much because she was in love with
one of the guys or she liked to see what they did to each other. It was more
the thought of what she might do if she had been on that show. Her roommate
Kate listened to her �What I would do�-stories every week and grew increasingly
tired of it, not knowing that Jenni would fingerfuck herself the moment she got
the chance to. One evening after they watched the show together Kate was so
annoyed by Jenni�s ramblings that she just couldn�t hold back anymore.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
You know, if you think that�s so great, why don�t you just fuckin� do it
and stop talking.

&nbsp;

Jenni
looked at her for a moment dumbfounded and then bit her lip.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Would you help me?

&nbsp;

Now
it was Kate who was stunned. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Help you?

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Yeah, you know, tape it, do the things I can�t do myself.

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Are you serious?

&nbsp;

Had
Kate pushed her hand down Jenni�s panties and felt her moist groin she would
have known. 

&nbsp;

Kate
shook her head.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
You�re a sick fuck.

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Come on, you said it.

&nbsp;

Somewhere
in Jenni�s head the fantasy of her own personal Jenniass-show had come to life
and over the course of the next few days she tried to persuade Kate to help
her. Kate herself became more and more annoyed until finally she agreed, more
to shut her up than anything else. And Kate felt a lack of sympathy because of
Jenni�s constant pleading that made it easier for her not to care about Jenni.
So when Friday came around the �Jenniass-show� had its first episode.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode
one:

&nbsp;

Jenni
was smiling to the camera that Kate had put up to film her ordeal. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi, I�m Jenni and this is the champagne-enema. 

&nbsp;

The
camera pulled back and showed Jenni, her panties down, bowing over the bathtub
with her ass high in the air. Kate opened a bottle of champagne, put her thumb
on the opening and viciously shook the bottle. Then she stepped up to Jenni and
in one swift movement she rammed the bottle neck into Jenni�s asshole. Jenni
yelped as her asshole was penetrated roughly by the bottle and struggled as she
felt the champagne enter her bowels. Her asscheeks clenched together as she
tried to cope with the pain of the rough penetration. Jenni tried to hold the
bottle that still sprayed its contents into her bowels. While she tried to do
that she lost control over her bladder and pissed on the bathroom floor. Kate
moaned in disgust. Jenni turned towards her and the camera and apologized. Then
she bent down, the� bottle still up her
ass, and licked her piss off the bathroom floor. Once she had sucked up most of
it she smiled at the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
I love champagne.

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
God, you are a disgusting slut.

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Wait.

&nbsp;

Jenni
already felt the alcohol in her bowels taking effect. She pulled the bottle
from her ass and clenched her cheeks to keep it in. Sitting on the toilet she
brought the bottle to her lips, licked the neck of the bottle that was up her
ass and drank what little champagne was left. Kate was seriously disgusted.

&nbsp;

Last
she squatted over the toilet and emptied her bowels, then knelt in front of the
toilet and began lapping up the champagne. Kate left without a word, yet the
camera kept rolling as Jenni drank champagne from the toilet bowl while
fingerfucking herself.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Kate
found Jenni �the next morning lying
beside the toilet two fingers still up her cunt. And two hours worth of
footage. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode
two:

&nbsp;

Jenni
smiled to the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi, I�m Jenni and this is the rip off.

&nbsp;

The
camera pulled back to reveal Jenni sitting on a chair, topless, her ample
breasts showing erect nipples. Slowly she began putting clothes pins on her
tits, one by one. All the clothes pins were connected by a thread. Tears
dwelled in her eyes and she had to bite her lips time and again as she turned
her tits into porcupines. Solemnly she put the last two on her nipples then
smiled to the camera again. As a finishing touch she produces handcuffs and
cuffed her hands to the chair. Then she nodded towards Kate who sighed and left
the camera on while she approached Jenni. Kate grabbed the threads, pulled them
tight and looked at Jenni who had a hard time focusing while her tits were
aching and her pussy creaming. Kate waited for the nod but since Jenni seemed
too consumed with herself, Kate just went ahead.

&nbsp;

In
one quick motion she pulled the threads and hence the clothes pins off Jenni�s
tits. Jenni yelped and bucked in her chair and Kate could have guessed she just
had an orgasm even if she hadn�t seen the moist spot on Jenni�s jeans. Before
Jenni could recover Kate left the room, leaving Jenni tied to the chair and the
camera rolling.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Kate
had better things to do anyway. Ever since that crazy bitch made her take part
in her own little one-woman-show she decided to set up a little homepage
showing her perverted roommate�s ordeals to the world.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode
three:

&nbsp;

Kate
sat on the couch pointing the camera down to a naked Jenni who was kneeling in
front of her, her knees apart. As usual Jenni smiled to the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi, I�m Jenni and this is the shoe-shine girl. 

&nbsp;

Jenni
started licking on Kate�s knee-high black boots while she ground her cunt on a
shoe brush that lay on the ground the bristles upside down. Jenni licked her
boots in long strokes slowly working her way down to the soles of Kate�s boots.
Kate on her part used the morning for a walk in the park and a visit to the
dogs� park making sure her boots were properly soiled for the occasion. Once
Jenni reached the soles of the boots and tastes the dog shit she let out a slow
moan and pounded her cunt even harder on the brush. As a violent orgasm ripped
through her she pressed her cunt on the brush with all the force left in her
and suckled on Kate�s high heel. Finally the orgasm subsided and Jenni managed
to smile at the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Mmmm, yummy.

&nbsp;

With
that both Jenni and Kate got up and Kate followed Jenni to the corridor where a
small shoe shine machine was. The machine consisted of three rotating bristles,
one soft, one medium, one hard. Jenni knelt in front of it and smiled at the
camera once more.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
As I said, I�m the shoe-shine girl.

&nbsp;

While
Kate held the camera Jenni lowered her cunt on the rotating bristles, the soft
ones first. She her an orgasm almost on contact but managed to keep her cunt on
the bristles for the whole minute until the bristles stopped automatically.
Next she tried the medium bristles. She struggled and Kate�s camera eye caught
her breast heaving but she made it through the minute. Her cunt looked red and
raw by now. On the final set Jenni only made contact with the bristles for a
second before she doubled up and held her groin moaning in pain. Kate captured
all on tape but couldn�t help laughing at Jenni.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Still
to come:

&nbsp;

The
wheel of misfortune 

All
natural personal hygiene

Frost
bite

The
mummy














Jenni was a strange girl

 
  Christian
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-09T20:08:00Z
  2007-06-09T20:08:00Z
  3
  969
  5525
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  46
  12
  6482
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  21
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Jenniass pt 2

&nbsp;

Back by popular demand (even a real jenni among them J
). Thanks for your feedback. Any suggestions as to Jenni�s dumb, mindless
self-inflicted pain and humiliation are welcome.

&nbsp;

Two words for those crying for �character development� and �motivation�:
Look elsewhere. Personally I recommend Kafka and Joyce.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode four:

&nbsp;

Jenni smiled to the camera. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi there folks, I�m back. I�m Jenni and this is the
all natural personal hygiene.

&nbsp;

Kate pulled back the camera to reveal a naked Jenni wearing rubber
gloves. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
First up it�s the all natural peeling.

&nbsp;

Jenni reached just outside the camera focus and grabbed a bunch of
nettles. With a broad smile she started to rub the nettles over her body. She
couldn�t help but buck as the nettles touched her tits and groaned as she began
to grind them on her tits. Kate silently shook her head but she had to admit it
began to turn her on more every time.

&nbsp;

Jenni�s groans grew louder as she began to rub her cunt and ass with the
nettles. But she continued until her hands cramped and she had to drop the
nettles and sank to her knees. She stroked her body slowly, then looked up at
the camera again and smiled. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Wow that was pretty intense. But we�re not finished
yet.

&nbsp;

Kate followed Jenni to the bathroom where a
enema bag was already dangling from the shower stall. Kate had seen Jenni fill
it with her own piss and a fair amount of hot pepper sauce.� Jenni positioned herself in front of the
camera again, tried to keep her hands still and not stroke her irritated body
the whole time.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Any girl should be clean both inside and out.

&nbsp;

Jenni knelt down in the bathtub. She winked at the camera put the nozzle
in her mouth to get it coated with saliva and then showed it up her tiny ass.
She grunted heavily as her own mixture flooded her bowels. She looked up to the
camera again, her face showing great discomfort, yet she managed to smile
again. As the last drops of her enema filled her intestines she pulled the
nozzle with an audible �plop� and clenched her ass tight to keep the vile
mixture in as her bowels began to cramp. Tears dwelled in her eyes as she
smiled to the camera once again and reached for her douche. Kate knew it was
filled with pepper sauce and ginger juice. She wondered if Jenni could really
pull this off. 

&nbsp;

Jenni�s hands trembled as she put the douche to her cunt. For a moment
it was silent then Jenni started to howl reached for her cunt while at the same
time losing control over her sphincter. A fountain of a piss-shit mixture
sprayed from her while she shrieked holding her cunt. The contents of her
bowels quickly spread inside the bathtub and made Jenni first lose her balance
and the slip on her feces. She fell over in the bathtub and rolled around in
her own filth uttering but animal-like sounds. Kate recorded about five minutes
of that spectacle before Jenni finally calmed down. She pulled herself up by
the edge of the bathtub and smiled to the camera. Her face and her whole body
were covered with the piss-shit-mixture. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Wow, that was pretty intense.

&nbsp;

She smiled again and just before Kate turned the camera off Jenni stuck
out her tongue, licked a little of the vile mix off her arm and made a
�yummy�-noise to the camera.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode five:

&nbsp;

Jenni was standing outside wearing a thick winter coat next to a metal
pole and freezing obviously. She smiled at the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi, I�m Jenni and this is the real frost bite.

&nbsp;

Kate pulled the camera back a little to show Jenni driving her in her
pants and masturbating feverishly. All the time Jenni didn�t look away from the
camera. Finally she pulled down her pants showing her hot cunt to the camera
that was now coated with her own juices. She then shuffled towards the pole
with her pants around her ankles and lowered her cunt on the pole. Immediately
her cunt froze to the pole and Jenni gasped.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Fuck those sissies freezing their tongues.

&nbsp;

It took her a while to regain her composure and look at the camera
again. She smiled.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
That really is fucking cold and still it feels like
I�m on fire.

&nbsp;

Kate moved the camera to a nice close up of Jenni�s cunt as Jenni lifted
her hips a little to show that her cunt lips and even her clit were thoroughly
frozen to the pole. 

&nbsp;

After a while Jenni pulled out a thermos flask filled with her own hot
piss and started to pour it over her cunt and the pole in order to thaw her
cunt again. But it was no good.� Jenni
put her hands on her cunt to warm it up more and tried to pull herself off the
pole but had to stop soon, because although it was painful it didn�t help one
bit. Kate laughed.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
I guess we�ll just have to leave you until spring
comes.

&nbsp;

Jenni managed to smile weakly. For minutes Jenni tried everything to
warm up her cunt enough to pull her off. Finally she had to ask Kate to bring
more hot water. Kate put up the camera so it would still record her ordeal
while she was away and then strolled off leisurely to get some hot water.
Jenni�s eyes followed her as Kate left slowly. Once gone
Jenni tried to warm her cunt. 

&nbsp;

After some time a bunch of teenage boys came around and saw Jenni
standing there. They walked up to her, closely inspecting her predicament and
made vile remarks about what a crazy slut Jenni was. Finally one asked if she
needed any help. Meekly Jenni said yes and all the teenage boys pulled out
their dicks pointed at her cunt and started to piss on her. Half way through
that heavy shower of piss Jenni was able to pull herself
off the pole and fell over on her back, holding her cunt to warm it up. The
guys continued to piss on her, now that her cunt was
covered her face became their new target. At last all the boys� bladders were
drained and they zipped up again. 

&nbsp;

Jenni looked up at the bunch standing above her.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Thank you so much

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
You�re welcome, bitch.

&nbsp;

They left waving at the camera and making vile remarks about Jenni who
just laid there trying to regain her composure.

&nbsp;

Kate came back with another thermos flask of her piss ten minutes later.
When she saw Jenni lying on the ground she was angry she had to go, when Jenni
had found a way to free herself. She unscrewed the
flask and poured the contents over her. �Then she turned to leave.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Get your sorry ass back in before you get sick,
physically sick that is.

&nbsp;

Jenni got up, went up to the camera, her face covered in piss and
managed to smile one more. She blew a kiss to the camera just before she turned
it off.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Still to come:

Doggy bag

The wheel of misfortune 

The mummy

Sperm bank

&nbsp;














Jenni was a strange girl

 
  Christian
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-28T13:41:00Z
  2007-06-28T13:41:00Z
  2
  473
  2698
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  22
  6
  3165
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  21
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Jenniass pt 3

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode six:

&nbsp;

Jenni stood naked in front of the camera and smiled. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi there folks. I�m Jenni and this is the return of
the mummy.

&nbsp;

Kate put the camera on the tripod. �Jenni was standing in front of a long, low
bench. As Kate approached her, she lied down on the bench, arms to her side.
Kate picked up the first roll of duct tape and started to tie Jennis legs to
the bench tightly. Occasionally Jenni urged Kate on to tie her even more
tightly. As she approached Jenni�s cunt she paused. Jenni turned to the camera.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Now just being the mummy would be a bore after some
time so I thought of something to keep me occupied.

&nbsp;

She winked at the camera as she put alligator clips on her cunt lips
connected to a short chain.� Kate
continued wrapping her but left a tiny stop so that the chain stuck out of the
tape. As she approached her nipples Jenni�s arm were already tightly tied to
the side of her body. Kate left her nipples uncovered as she went on. Before
wrapping Jenni�s head she put one used stocking over her head so that her hair
wouldn�t stick to the tape. Jenni kept her mouth open as Kate finished her job.
By then Jenni�s body was nothing but a immobile human
form, covered under shiny black duct tape. Only her pink nipples and the chain
connected to the alligator clamps were prominent. Kate attached another chained
clamp on each nipples and connected those chains to the one attached to her
cunt lips. She made sure there was no slack and re-adjusted the camera before
she left to go out. It was Saturday night after all.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The evening dragged on for Jenni, completely immobile, blind and deaf,
feeling the strain on her nipples and cunt lips. Still her cunt was drenched
thinking about her current ordeal hoping that the camera would give a nice shot
at her bound form. It was really about time to put those clips on the net and
share them with the world.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Kate came back late at night considerably drunk and well fucked. She
staggered back into Jenni�s room and looked down on the softly moaning figure
covered in duct tape in utter disgust. She checked back to see if the camera
was off and then pulled on the chains making Jenni yelp. Kate pulled down her
panties, squatted over Jenni�s mouth and pressed her cunt down on her. Acting
on instinct and depravity Jenni started licking and sucking the
cum out of Kate�s cunt and soon enough Kate grabbed the chain again and
yanked hard as she felt an orgasm approaching. She almost ripped the clamps off
Jenni�s nipples as she came and hardly raised her hips long enough to let Jenni
breathe. After she relaxed a little she felt angry because that perverted
lezbo-bitch Jenni made her cum so some punishment was in order. She squatted
down again, sealed Jenni�s mouth with her cunt and started pissing right down
her throat. She gulped down every drop fast so she wouldn�t be smothered and
when Kate finally lifted her hips again Jenni breathed in deep.

&nbsp;

Just as Kate turned to leave she heard Jenni whisper a soft �Thank you�.
Kate left shaking her head, leaving Jenni as the mummy until she was sober
again.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Still to come:

Diving for apples 

Doggy bag

The wheel of misfortune 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Jenni was a strange girl

 
  Christian
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-07-20T01:21:00Z
  2007-07-20T01:21:00Z
  2
  658
  3755
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  31
  8
  4405
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  21
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Jenniass pt 4

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Episode seven:

&nbsp;

Jenni knelt naked in front of the camera and smiled. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi there folks. I�m Jenni and this is diving for
apples.

&nbsp;

Kate sighed as she put the camera on the tripod. �Two big stinking buckets was standing in front
of Jenni. Jenni had her hands already cuffed behind her as she turned to the
camera to explain.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
We got this bucket thanks to the boys of the
Phi-kappa-kappa-fraternity. Last Saturday they had a nice party and I asked
them to use the bucket as a urinal. Also we asked them to save all the used
condoms from that party. 

&nbsp;

Kate held a big bowl of sloppy used condoms up to the camera before
dumping them into the bucket. Jenni continued.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Now, I know what you�re thinking: It ain�t that difficult to dive for those, they all swim at
the surface. The guys were very helpful though. With the help of sewermouth, their very own blow-job queen and owned slave
to the fraternity, they held a little draining contest the other day. She had
to suck everyone and spit their cum into a condom. They managed to fill ten
condoms that way and they are heavy enough to sink. Thanks guys and best wishes
to sewermouth, hope your ass heals up quickly.

&nbsp;

Jenni winked at the camera before shuffling to the other bucket.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This one comes courtesy of the Pi-gamma-gamma-girls.
It�s also a days worth of piss. Naturally putting in used condoms again would
have been boring, so we filled this one with their used tampons. 

&nbsp;

The tampons were already swimming in the bucket since Kate refused to
put them. Slowly they were soaking up more piss. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Now there�s not really any way of submerging the
tampons without attaching weights to them, so we thought of something else.

&nbsp;

Kate held another bowl in front of the camera filled with curly hair
before she dumped it in the bucket.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Those are the body hairs of their new pledges going
through hell week. Some yummy hair from their pits and all the hair from their cunts and asses. Sorry girls, next year this will become
part of your hell week, so this year you�ll have to settle for the good old
gluing your lips to your fellow pledge�s cunt for a
24-hour 69er.

&nbsp;

Jenni positioned herself in front of the frat-bucket again and smiled to
the camera, licking her lips.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Mmmmm, yummy, here
we go.

&nbsp;

She put her head in the bucket and started chasing the used condoms
around in the bucket, swallowing mouthfuls of stale piss, before she held her
head up again showing the first one to the camera between her teeth. She sucked
it in her mouth and tried to suck all the cum from the condom before chewing on
the rubber a little bit and spiting it out.

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
One down, only 99 to go. 

&nbsp;

Jenni took a deep breath as if diving down deep and got going again. 

&nbsp;

Although it wasn�t hard to catch the condoms it took almost an hour
until there were none left floating in the bucket. Kate had to change the tape
on the camera before continuing. Jenni smiled again. 

&nbsp;

-&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Now for the real treats.

&nbsp;

Jenni�s head submerged in the bucket completely and after half a minute
she emerged again breathing heavily with a big cum-filled condom in her mouth
that looked like a very old sausage. She put the condom down on the floor and
carefully ground the rubber between her teeth until it ripped open and the
content flowed on the floor. Jenni wasted no time and started slurping and
licking up the two-day-old cum and saliva mix. After she finally emptied the
last of the condoms Jenni felt full and couldn�t help burping. A cloud of piss
and cum stench rose and Kate had to fight the urge to throw up. Looking back
she wondered why she didn�t. Jenni would have probably have licked it up
anyway. 

&nbsp;

Jenni shuffled to the second bucket and smiled again before she took a
plunge in and held her head up again showing soiled tampon before she put it in
her mouth to chew on it and drain all the fluids from it. Again Kate�s stomach
started to turn as she filmed Jenni�s perverted self-degradation. One by one
she slurped the tampons from the bucket, her face coated with piss and the hair
that floated in it. 

&nbsp;

The second tape barely lasted until Jenni spat out the last chewed
tampon. Finally she submerged her head fully in the bucket and started to
gargle the first verse of �walking on sunshine�. Jenni pulled her head from the
bucket and smiled at the camera with piss stinging in her eyes just as the tape
ended.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Still to come:

Glory days

Doggy bag

The wheel of misfortune 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;













Jenniass pt 5


Episode eight:

Jenni was standing outside a gas station in front of the camera and smiled. 


Hi there folks. I&#8217;m Jenni and this is the blow up job.


Kate didn&#8217;t care as to what Jenni came up with. As long as the tapes sold well on the internet, Kate didn&#8217;t care and sure as hell Jenni didn&#8217;t mind. Jenni lifted her short skirt to reveal her naked holes, the end of a black tube hanging both from her asshole and her cunt. She turned to the camera to explain.


I&#8217;m wearing two blow-up dildos in my cunt and asshole, deflated by now. You might think: what&#8217;s the big deal? Well instead of using the pump they were equipped with I will use something different. And that&#8217;s why we are here.


As she walked across the gas station several people stood in the background, her live audience for tonight&#8217;s performance. She walked up to the air station that drivers use to pump up their tires.

Jenni picked up the handle of the air pump, held it like a gun and smiled.


Now, that&#8217;s a high performance pump. None of your sissy bulbs.


With that she waved over two guys from the audience who had been instructed earlier. Jenni bent over to give the camera a good shot at her holes. The guys connected one air pump each to the valves of the inflatable dildos and waited for Jenni&#8217;s sign. She took a deep breath and screamed.


okay, go.


It took mere seconds for the dildos to inflate to a size that made Jenni howl and growl with pain, so the guys stopped. Jenni needed a moment to regain her composure, then she turned around to the guys. 


Why did you stop? I can take more�.


The guys looked at the ends of the dildos that were already that big that any other women would gladly take a fist up her holes instead. They just shrugged and on the count of three started again.

It was only seconds again until Jenni was shrieking and screaming from the top of her lungs for the boys to stop. She had tears in her eyes as she looked at the camera again, still she was able to smile.


Wow, now that&#8217;s the way to stuff a cunt.


She tried to wriggle her hips but the rock hard dildos inside her were like two baseball bats. 


Okay, I got all pumped up, but now there&#8217;s no way to pull them out. And if someone would try to open the release valve it might come loose and hurt somebody. So there&#8217;s only one way of getting those out again.


She nodded at the guys who approached her each holding a large pin. Without her seeing they counted to three and hit both dildos with the needles. Both almost exploded with a huge bang and Jenni collapsed on the floor hold both of her holes, writhing in pain as the air came out of her in two gigantic, noisy farts. The audience laughed and applauded. It took Jenni almost five minutes until she was able to get on her knees, look at the camera and smile again.


Wow, they weren&#8217;t kidding about the tire damage.



Episode nine:

Jenni was standing in a basement her hands above her head cuffed to a beam on the ceiling, looked at the camera and smiled. 


Hi there folks. I&#8217;m Jenni and this is the sewer mouth.


Kate put the camera on the tripod and walked up to her as Jenni explained. 


We&#8217;re here in the wonderful basement of the local McD&#8217;s. Right above me there&#8217;s the sewer pipe that connects the pipes coming from the toilet to the sewage system. That is for now, it connects. 


Kate put a ring gag in Jenni&#8217;s mouth and Jenni flicked her tongue for the camera. Kate then went on and disconnected the previously loosened pipe. Jenni stretched to reach the open pipe with her ring gagged mouth. 

She barely made it as the sound of something running down the pipe was heard. Jennis cheeks got big as a wave of piss and toilet water flowed in her mouth. She tried to swallow as much as she could but at some point just coughed. There was some toilet paper still hanging from her mouth. She didn&#8217;t even have time to regain her composure as a second load came down. This time it was almost a shot of clean water but then a turd hit Jenni&#8217;s face like a projectile. Her face was covered with shit as Jenni laughed at the surprise only to be caught by the next load. 

She tried to gargle mouthfuls of sewage, tried to swallow as much shit as she could. Even a tampon made its way in her mouth which she found hard to swallow.

It took two hours until Jenni was covered in shit and piss, still standing cuffed in now almost knee deep shit sea. She swallowed a lot of what came down, but there was no way she actually could replace the sewer system. Being tied like this made end the task harder than she thought. Kate didn&#8217;t want to jump into the sewage sea to uncuff her and she had no chance to release herself. She motioned to Kate to take the camera and leave. Kate did gladly, the smell made her sick to her stomach. She left the door open so Jenni would be found, once the employees would realize the smell. 

They did, but not after another hour. By that time Jenni was almost incoherent. The guys of course called the police and an ambulance first. Being released from the basement was quite a spectacle. The police led Jenni to the ambulance and told her to rest for a moment before going to the hospital. As soon as they turned their backs on her Jenni ran off. Shitdrenched as she was she managed to escape and by the time she reached home the shit already dried on her body. All the time she didn&#8217;t even bother to take off the ringgag. 



Thanks for all the great feedback, seems like �Jenniass� does have some fans. I&#8217;m still looking for the real �Jenni� though. If you want to take her place, contact me.



Still to come:
Glory days
Doggy bag
The wheel of misfortune 











Jenniass pt 6


Episode ten:

Jenni was standing naked on a plain park field in front of the camera and smiled. 


Hi there folks. I&#8217;m Jenni and today I&#8217;m the doggie bag.


Kate held the camera in her hands as Jenni went on her knees. She turned to the camera to explain.


Don&#8217;t you just hate it when you walk across a nice patch of grass such as this and suddenly step into a big pile of dog shit? Well for this little green acre� I&#8217;ll take care of it.


Jenni crawled across the grass and stopped in front of a first turd. She looked up and faced the camera again.


See that? Now that is one big turd. Just imagine if anyone would have stepped in that. You could throw away your shoes after that. But it&#8217;s so easy to keep the grass clean. Here, I&#8217;ll show you.


She bent down, put out her tongue and slowly licked across the turd.


See! A piece of cake, only tastier.


Jenni bent down again and took a big bite out of the turd, chewed and swallowed. She rubbed her belly to illustrate just how much she enjoyed her treat. Kate felt her breakfast rise in her throat as she watched behind the camera. Yet she kept going. The tape would be pure gold. Jenni didn&#8217;t waste any time and finished the turd only to smile in the camera again.


Yummy�. But now it&#8217;s like with peanuts. You can never have just one. 


She crawled across the grass shaking her ass as if she had a tail and approached the next turd. This one she slurped right in, groaning like she just ate the perfect chocolate mousse.

Kate followed her around the field while Jenni downed every turd she could possibly find. Just as she started to feel bloated and thought about ending the shoot a dog strolled across the grass towards her. He stopped in front of her and sniffed her face. Jenni held still, not knowing if the dog would bite her.

After a moment the dog walked around her and sniffed her now drenched cunt. Jenni yelped a bit when she felt the dog&#8217;s cold wet nose on her cunt but soon started moaning once the dog started lapping her cunt juices with his tongue.

It took a while and Kate got a good shot of the dog&#8217;s dick slowly growing while Jenni groaned like a bitch in heat. Suddenly the dog humped Jenni. She spread her legs a little further and reached back to help the dog guide his dick into her cunt. 

After some commotion the dog finally managed to shove his dick into Jenni&#8217;s cunt and started pumping away. Jenni was lost in her own world of depravity and lust and let the dog fuck her any way he wanted. After she came two times while the dog pumped his dick into her she could feel his dick knot inside her. Her eyes went wide just before she came again.

It took the dog another ten minutes to cum and yet another mind crushing orgasm rolled over her as Jenni felt her cunt being flooded with dog cum. 

As soon as the dog&#8217;s dick shriveled up enough he broke free with a loud plop, quickly licked his dick and then stormed off. In the distance Jenni could see the dog&#8217;s owner who seemingly had been waiting for the dog to have his fun. He waved from the distance and walked away.

Jenni sat down on her ass, held her hands up to her cunt and lapped&nbsp; the dog cum that flowed from her cunt from her hands.

Finally she looked up at the camera again.


I guess, you can call me a bitch officially now.


She winked at the camera before Kate turned it off.



Episode eleven:

Jenni was sitting butt naked on the edge of the bat tub in front of the camera and smiled. 


Hi there folks. I&#8217;m Jenni and today I&#8217;m doing my stretching exercises.


Kate put the camera on the tripod as Jenni went on. 


I thought after all the recent �shit��.


She giggled at her own pun.


� I thought it was time for some sports entertainment.


She held up a plain empty bucket.


Now, with the help of this my cunt will soon become the Arnold Schwarzenegger of cunts. First up, I&#8217;m gonna use these.


She held up a bundle of clothes pins each threaded with a strong twine and a metal hook at the other end. Jenni started to put clothes pin after clothes pin on her cunt lips. Once finished she spread her legs to present her cunt to the camera.


Almost ready. Looks good already.


Next she put the hooks on the handle of the bucket and let it dangle between her knees as she rose to stand with her legs spread. The bucket slowly swayed between her legs and Jenni heard a single drop of cunt juice hit the bottom of the bucket.


Now not that exciting so far� but that was only the warm-up. Now for the real training. 


Jenni picked up the shower head and put it in the bucket. She slowly turned the faucet and a trickle of cold water started to fill the bucket. With every drop the bucket grew heavier and the clothes pins bit into her lips as the bucket pulled them down more, stretching them. Jenni started to groan as the water level started to rise. 

Kate got a nice close up of Jenni&#8217;s cunt lips as the weight of the bucket stretched them more and more.

At last Jenni turned off the water. The bucket was almost full to the brim. It took her will power now to smile at the camera.


Now for the real training�. A girl has to stay in shape, right?


She slowly squatted and lowered the bucket on the floor only to raise it again. Jenni soon breathed heavily and didn&#8217;t even notice the sound of droplets of cunt juice hitting the water in the bucket. 

Jenni managed to complete thirty squats before one of the clothes pins slid off her cunt lip. Losing the balance one by one the clothes pins slipped off her cunt lips leaving an angry red mark where the clothes pin rubbed her raw sliding off. It only took seconds before all the clothes pins were practically ripped from her cunt lips and the bucket hit the floor. 

She collapsed as soon as the bucket hit the floor. Jenni held her raw cunt tight and it took her a while to regain composure. Finally she looked up at the camera again with tears in her eyes, yet smiling.


Wow, that was hard. At best you should repeat that three times a day. But for now I guess I need a break before I do the next round� say ten minutes.






Still to come:
The wheel of misfortune 











Jenniass pt 7


Episode twelve:

Jenni was sitting naked on her couch in front of the camera and smiled. 


Hi there folks. I&#8217;m Jenni and this is my wheel of misfortune.


Kate put the camera on the tripod as Jenni turned to the camera to explain.


Don&#8217;t you worry, even if there&#8217;s no actual wheel around. This is more metaphorical.


Jenni grabbed the remote control and turned on the television. The pre-game report to a NBA game was on.


See that? Today I&#8217;ll let the Mavs and the Celtics decide on what to do�. Here are the rules: for every point the Mavs score I get one hit with the cane across my ass.


She bent down and shook her ass to illustrate.


For every point the Celtics score I get one on across my calves. Also for every three-point shoot I get a clothes pin on my tits, for every free-throw point one hit with the cat o&#8217;nine tails between my legs. For every minute that Dirk Nowitzki sits on the bench I keep a huge chunk of ginger up my ass, and for every minute Kevin Garnett sits on the bench I get a different chunk up my cunt.


Jenni held up both chunks dripping with juice.


Also for every foul I&#8217;ll get one kick between my legs. Should they go into extra time every rule will be doubled. Let&#8217;s see how strenuous basketball really is.


She winked at the camera. 


An hour later Jenni was a mess. Kate chuckled at the thought that she should have picked another game to complete that task. Due to early injuries Jenni had to keep the ginger chunks in both of her holes for the rest of the game. And since both teams played hard with a lot of anger involved and Jenni didn&#8217;t rule out technical fouls Kate got to kick her a lot. Plus both teams were in really good shape. At half time the score was 56:56. Jenni straightened herself out and forced herself to smile at the camera. Her cunt and ass burned seriously and she already had 14 clothes pins on her tits. Not to mention her sore ass and calves. And it was only half time.

The game continued and four seconds into the third quarter there was another foul and another vicious kick between her legs. Kate seemed to enjoy kicking her, Jenni thought and through the pain she pondered on using that later. The next hit with the cat brought her back to the game though.

As the game continued she received more kicks, more hits and more clothes pins. With four seconds on the clock remaining the Mavs were in the lead by three points and Jenni was looking forward to the end of the game. It was then when a Celtic player desperately threw the ball across the field and equaled the scores. The crowd was going crazy and so was Jenni: extra time. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Memento


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





