BDSM Library - The Rose Garden




The Rose Garden
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   Dad punishes me for not keeping up with my chores.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-05-08T01:33:00Z
  2007-05-08T01:33:00Z
  2
  968
  5518
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  45
  12
  6474
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






�to dad:

&nbsp;

THE ROSE GARDEN

&nbsp;

the roses in the
backyard have become terribly overgrown, so much so that they are now just one
big mass of thorns and blooms. all fall, dad kept telling me to prune them but
even with gardening gloves on the thorns poked and pricked me and i hated it so
i never did it and they just grew and grew. it is spring now and he is mad.

&nbsp;

he made me take off
all my clothes and sit naked in the middle of the patch. after climbing through
into the middle, i am scraped and bloody. i look like a wild cat attacked me. i
have bright red petals in my tangled hair and sticking to the bloody scratches
on my arms and legs. they match the blood perfectly. he says the roses hate me
for neglecting them and they are exacting their revenge. i yelped and whimpered
on my way in to the middle of the patch and then when dad told me to sit, i
sat. &quot;shutup&quot; he said and i tried my best but the pain was so bad i
still let out a little cry or two...quietly. &quot;someone needs to prune these
roses and april, you are too incompetent a little slut to do it, i can see that
now.&quot; i nod in painful agreement. &quot;yes dad.&quot; &quot;so who should
i have tend to my garden, since i am a busy man?&quot; i shrugged. with it
being just me and him living here i had no idea who it would be. then he called
out towards the garage &quot;jose! juan! julio! jorge! let's get to work on
these roses!&quot; from out of the garage came 4 mexican men in dirty work
clothes, carrying garden tools and laughing and nodding to each other in
spanish. &quot;si senor! let us begin!&quot;

&nbsp;

they can't see me, i
thought thankfully. but what happens when their cutters chop down the branches
close to me - then they will see me! they might cut me! they might chop off my
hair or an arm not knowing i am here! should i say something? no, dad told me
to shut up. i brought my knees up to my chin and put my head down. trembling,
not knowing which would be worse, the fact that they would see me naked and
helpless and bleeding or that they might hurt me.

&nbsp;

my dad started
directing them. &quot;you go here, you, over there...that's right...they need
to be chopped way back...chop em back real good.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;ok men, i am
going inside to get a beer. cervezas anyone?&quot; there were &quot;si's&quot;
all around and my dad went inside. i was mortified. by closing my eyes i knew i
wasn't hiding but it was all i could do. the chopping began and leaves and
blooms were landing on me left and right. they were talking and laughing as
they worked. i scrunched down lower.

&nbsp;

the beers arrived and
they stopped to admire their work and down a few before i heard and felt the
chopping begin again. my dad was standing back watching, drinking his beer,
nodding in approval at their work.

&nbsp;

suddenly, i heard one
of the men just above me. he chopped a few branches close to my ear which made
me wince in fear for my head and hair and then he bent down and whispered a
beery smelling &quot;ah senorita mas bonita! amigos!&quot; and he waved the
other men over. he didn't seem surprised to see a scared bloody nude girl in
the rose bushes� none of them did. They circled around me and began to touch my
face my hair my body my lips...brown leathery calloused hands and fingernails
caked black with dirt were poking, prodding and molesting me everywhere�.I let
out a cry and looked over at dad for help. It was useless�he was on his cell
phone as usual� but I could see he was seeing what was happening and ignoring
my cry. then I was pushed back roughly into the bushes and made to spread my
legs which seemed to please them as they made nasty clucking mexican sounds and
whistles. i was being pinched and rubbed and assaulted and I began to cry. 1
finger 2 fingers 3 fingers slipped inside my cunt and they slid in easily � omg
i was wet. i was too scared to notice before, but now i could feel the heat and
the ease with which his hand, almost a whole fist now was ramming into me. this
was the worst that could ever happen i thought to myself and to prove it they
were beside themselves with lust and amazement. a zipper was opened and a huge
brown cock was pulled out and the man masturbated himself and came all over my
tits, belly and twat. more mexican laughter followed. then i was picked up by
my hair and an arm and made to flip over and kneel face down with my ass in the
air. i thought i was about to be raped doggie style � and i couldn�t move - my
hair was now caught on a million thorns and my head was held still by them � i
was tangled and trapped. but the next cock was inserted into my ass, not my
pussy! into my butthole and i screamed in pain. dad must be going to stop this
now! deeper and deeper it went until i felt the spurt of cum fill me up. He
withdrew with a sloppy shitty noise and i realized shit and cum now covered my
butt. omg I was dying and i knew there were still 2 more men. 2 more men, 2
more holes � my mouth and my cunt.

&nbsp;

i was flipped back
over and i felt my hair rip out of my head and imagined it dangling limp on the
thorns. i was made to kneel in front of another open zipper and another brown
dirty hard on. my head was forced onto it and it choked me as it went down my
throat. i gagged and felt i would puke. wet tears mixed with my wet spit and
his pre-cum and made a sloppy wet mess that filled my mouth and when his cum
burst into me I felt i was drowning. he pulled his cock out and they let me
cough and spit for just a minute before i was laid flat � pulled by my arms and
legs like I was on some sort of torturous stretching device�and then the last
mexican thank god the last mexican inserted his cock into my shining slippery
pussy and rammed me so hard and deep I saw stars. fingers were in my mouth and
fingers were pinching my nipples and fingers were pulling my hair when he
finally came hugely inside of me. then the bushes were still � they tramped
off.

&nbsp;

�men!� my dad called
�these tools were never used!� he held up a shovel and a rake I barely saw
through my dirty cummy eyes. they laughed and grabbed the tools and began to
shovel and rake dirt and rocks and rose cuttings on top of me. when I was
completely covered with dirt my dad said �good men!� and called them over to
receive handfuls of twenties. after they got paid for their �gardening� my dad
made his way through the bushes and held out a hand to me. i took it and he
helped me up. i felt like I was rising from a grave. see how important it is to
me Little One to do what i ask? yes dad, i said and knew i would get a spanking
in the house for fucking mexicans.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wet April


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





