BDSM Library - How it all began




How it all began
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story about a single mother and her 14 years old son being abused by the mature landlord mistress and her young daughter. The mother is forced to give her son to the cruel landlord lady. The mother is forced to play with her son and to watch him being humiliated. CBT femdom F+/f F+/m blackmail lesbian eunuch castration.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-05-12T00:43:00Z
  2007-05-12T00:43:00Z
  5
  1905
  10863
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  90
  25
  12743
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






How it all began

----------------------

&nbsp;

Disclaimer:

All events and
characters are fictional.ï¿½ Copyright
2007.All rights reserved.

Comments
appreciated at amante1000 [AT] hotmail.com

&nbsp;

Please remember
English is not my spoken language, so any comments, spell corrections and
grammar, are most welcome.

&nbsp;

This story is for
adults only.

&nbsp;

---------------------

&nbsp;

Synopsis:

A story about a
single mother and her 14 years old son being abused by the mature landlord
mistress and her young daughter. The mother is forced to give her son to the
cruel landlord lady. The mother is forced to play with her son and to watch him
being humiliated. CBT femdom F+/f F+/m blackmail lesbian eunuch castration.

&nbsp;

Chapter 1

--------------

As long as I
remembe, it had always been a difficult life for me and my mother. She was 35
and I was 10 when we moved to the current apartment where we lived in and she
worked as a waitress in the local bar saving every penny to be able to raise a
child alone and to pay the bills. My mother worked very hard to support both of
us after my father have left us totally broke. Although her age have started to
be what people tend to call mature, she was still pretty good looking, she had
a large firm breasts, a bit large hips but since she was quite tall she was yet
hot, and every night when she dressed going to work i could see her measuring
her clothes in front of the mirror sucking her belly in and arching her back
letting her long brown hair fall over her shoulders, than she would look at me and
wink through the mirror, saying &quot;you know i have to do it, Hun&quot;,
&quot;the tips are much bigger when they can see your cleavage&quot; putting
her red lipstick on.

&nbsp;

Now I know, a few
years after that things where not going pretty well to her and that's the bills
where going up and stacking and our debts where growing until checks started to
return. I remember one day returning from school, i could see the landlord
Mercedes car parking outside the building; it was a few months after we got
into the apartment. I was 10 years old; I had brown short hair, slim body,
small and tender for my age, usually I had problems at school while other
pupils used to mock me around and my mother was quite desperate talking with
the new teacher, but still every now and then i was coming back home with a
bruise or something like that done by one of the other boys or even girls in my
school.

&nbsp;

As i entered to
our home I could see the landlord woman and my mother sitting in the living
room on the sofas. The landlord woman, I already knew her name was Marta, was
dressed in a black skirt with high heels sandals and a black shirt, she was
holding a cigarette in one hand, and was inhaling it with her red lips, while
watching me with her cruel eyes. I think she was around her early 50, she had
large breasts and strong hands. I could see a bit of an evil smile on her while
I got in. I never liked her and usually when she was coming to collect the rent
I was trying to stay in my room and not to go out until she left in order to
avoid contact with her evil eyes and her cruel laugh each time she was looking
at me. That's what I was trying to do now, to just say high and run to my room,
but I could see Marta nodding to my mother with her head and then my mother
that was sitting with her back to me, turn around and faced me.

&nbsp;

I noticed
something was wrong, but back than I couldn't state exactly what was out of
order in this rendezvous. I noticed my mother was not drinking anything; she
was sitting with her back raised up straight, not leaning with back on the
sofa, her legs where widely separated and open. Although she was dressed I
could see her nipples through the white fabric standing straight and her white
cotton pants sticking to her body and to her pelvis drawing the line of her
vagina on the fabric.

&nbsp;

She said,
&quot;Hi Hun&quot;, trying to smile, but I could see lines of tears in her
makeup even though she tried to clean it. &quot;Tommy, you already know
Marta&quot;. &quot;Hi&quot; I mumbled. &quot;Come over here boy&quot; I heard
Marta saying, and as I walked to stand in front of her in the middle of the
room I could feel her gaze inspecting me from head to toe and she was smiling.
I felt very embarrassed and vulnerable standing just like that trying not to
upset my mother in front of this scary lady, the owner of our house.

&nbsp;

Marta was smoking
and still quite, just looking at me, I could feel the tense in the room, she
was waiting for my mother. My mother opened her mouth but she chocked, after a
moment, she started to speak but I could feel she did not want to say it
&quot;Honey, Tommy, you know Marta our landlord, she is also a Doctor&quot;,
but I knew she was not, &quot;and I want her to check you up, just to make sure
you are all right&quot;, I could hear my mother voice crack as she was talking,
and when I looked at her I could see how much she was sorry in her eyes, but I
also noticed something strange, her crotch area was wet and there was a pool of
wetness on the sofa, I don't know if I just noticed it now and it was there
before or maybe it happened just now.

&nbsp;

Marta was now
smiling aroadly, she learned forward and exhaled the smoke toward me,
&quot;Tell him to take off his pants, Suzy&quot; she said to my mother. I was
shocked; i looked at my mother in horror, but with eyes full of tears she nods
with her head. I didn't know what to do; it was so humiliated, taking off my
pants in front of my mother, in front of this strange lady in the middle of the
room. &quot;Come on boy, we don't have all day&quot;, Marta blurted,
&quot;Don't make me take you to my 'clinic' &quot;, she said giggling. I had no
other option; I let my backpack to fall on the living room floor and I opened
my jeans buttons and i pulled them down to my feet. I was standing there with
my shirt and my blue underwear, with my jeans around my snickers. 

&nbsp;

Marta took
another blow from the cigarette and signed me with her hand to take off my
underwear. All I wanted is that this nightmare will end, I will do anything she
wants, just to make it over with. And I took off my panties down to my feet. I
could see Marta smiling. &quot;That's a good job. Your mother will be proud of
you&quot;, &quot;Tell him you are proud of him Suzy, like a good mother&quot;.
But my mother was too sad to be able to talk, I was amazed to see my mother,
she was still sitting in this up straight position, not moving just looking at
me, trying to say &quot;I am sorry&quot; with her eyes.

&nbsp;

Marta signed me
to come forward to her &quot;Let me check you, boy&quot;, and I walked like a
duck with my pants around my ankles. I think she liked it be cause she started
to laugh her evil laugh. When I was standing in front of her she leaned forward
and since she was sitting her face was just above my member. She was just
looking at it, and I hoped that at this point she would just look at it and
that's it, at this point the matter will be closed and I will be able to
excused back to my room. Again she exhaled the smoke, but now she did it
directly to my penis. And she continued looking at my penis, inspecting it,
watching it quiver under her smoke. Of course I had no hair on my penis or on
my balls, I was too young and anyway I was not developing very fast.

&nbsp;

Slowly she
reached with her hand from below, she had a large hand with long finger nails
and many rings, and slowly caressed my tiny balls with her finger nails, then
going up with her finger making a circle around the base of my penis and than
going up all over my member to the shaft, stroking it slowly with her hand. She
started moving her hand very tenderly along the length of my penis back and
forth. I could feel her fingers gliding over my member. I could feel my mother
looking at me, I don't know what happened or why, maybe it was the tender
touch, maybe it was the situation, but it was the first time a woman ever touch
me there, and even though I was on display I could feel my penis starts to grow
hard. Although I was only 10 years old, I was already playing with my self, and
I knew what does that's means. 

&nbsp;

Marta had made a
small giggle and cried &quot;look at your little pervert Suzy ...&quot; and she
laughed while she started moving with her hand faster over my penis, back and
forth, stroking it.

&nbsp;

I could see tears
in my mother eyes, but there was nothing I could do, I felt my breath become
fast, I could feel my body shiver as I stood there with my rigid member in the
hands of this old lady and I was about to come. Suddenly just when the pre-cum
drops appeared, she stopped and withdraw her hand, she leant backwards and
watched me. I was in shock. My whole body was shivering from the ruined orgasm;
I almost fell down trying to keep my balance as Marta was laughing hysterically
looking at me. My boner was sticking up straight in front of her, my body is
like a leaf in the wind, and she was laughing. I needed to cum so much, but
there was nothing I could do about it. I could feel the shame climbing on my
back and tears have started running from my eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh poor
Tommy&quot; Marta laughed, &quot;what should we do with our poor Tommy, he is
in such a need..&quot;, Of course i could not answer, I could not talk, I was
in shock and I needed to cum. &quot;Do you want me to take care of this
erection, Tommy?&quot; She asked with a cruel voice. I could see my mother eyes
widen as she looked at me, but all i could do is to nod yes with my head, I
needed a relief badly. Marta smiled &quot;Such a pervert boy you have there
Suzy&quot; she laughed and with no preparation she made a circle with her thumb
and middle finger and flicked my balls sack very hard. Before my brain could
react for the cruel pain she did it again, and again, my head got filled with
blood and suddenly I could not see anything, I could only hear her cruel laugh
as I fell to the carpet covering my balls with my hand crying in pain. I could
hear my mother crying &quot;Tommy&quot; and I felt her hand on my shoulder. I
heard Marta steps, and I could feel her standing next to us. &quot;That's might
give you a few days of grace, Suzy, but next week, when I come I expect to get
my money!&quot; and by this I could hear the front door opens and she probably
left the apartment.

&nbsp;

&quot;Honey,
Tommy, let mother see, are you all right, Tommy&quot;, I could hear my mother.
I opened my eyes, I was lying on the carpet on my back covering my genitals
with my hands, my mother was leaning above me, crying and talking to me,
&quot;Are you OK, Tommy, let mommy help you, let mommy see&quot;. Marta was
right in many things, I was a bit of a pervert, I liked playing with my self, and
even in this situation I could see my mother cleavage and her perky nipples
through the white fabric, but Marta was wrong thinking that hitting my balls
will make my erection go down, I don't know why but instead, I was even more
eager to cum, I was still crying from the pain but I was still shivering from
the denial of my orgasm and when my mother moved my hands to check me, I could
hear her gasp as she saw my penis still standing. &quot;Oh Tommy are you ok,
does that's hurt&quot;, without asking she had started moving my penis around
and touching my balls gently, checking my condition. I gasped, and she looked
at me, &quot;are you ok, my poor Tommy&quot;. &quot;Yes mommy&quot; I said,
&quot;I will be fine&quot; and I tried to get up, but she didn't let me, &quot;Honey,
I want to make sure you are fine, let me check you, I know a few things about
boys penises&quot; she said with a smile.

&nbsp;

I could feel she
was in real concern, but I could also hear her heavy breathing and I could feel
her soft warm hands on my penis, &quot;Let me check you Tommy, I just want to
make sure you are ok&quot;, I looked at her face, she was focused on my penis
as her hands played with it back in forth, stroking me up and down on my now
very erect member. Her lips started to part, and her hands started to move
faster over my penis, I could see a strange sparkle in her eyes as she moved
faster and faster, I felt in heaven, the semen that piled in my balls was
aching to go out as I arrived to the climax by the hands of my own mother.
&quot;ohhh&quot; I sighed, &quot;Oh mommy&quot;, I could her my mother gasp again,
and I could see my semen dripping all over her hand. &quot;Oh Tommy, are you
relived now, do you feel better now Hun?&quot; and she hugged me. I felt her
breasts pushing to my chest and she started to cry. We both were alarmed when
we heard the laugh from the entrance, we looked to see Marta standing there
with an evil grin on her face, &quot;I forgot my cigarette pack, and look what
I finds when I come back, a loving mother and son..&quot; she laughed. &quot;I
will see you next week Suzy&quot; she said and left the apartment. My mother
started crying again, with no voice, just tears running down her cheeks.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

To be continued ï¿½
(if I will get enough feedbacks ï¿½)

&nbsp;

Please send me
your remarks:

amante1000 [AT]
hotmail.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  amante


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





