BDSM Library - Schoolgirl Sisters




Schoolgirl Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two teenage twin sisters are sent by their father to a very strict boarding school, the Convent of the Perpetual Succour, to receive the discipline that he thought his young daughters deserved. The delightful sisters, Debbee and Melanie, soon undergo some very demanding training in this special school for young wayward girls.








 
  pall
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  7
  2007-05-12T23:48:00Z
  2007-05-12T23:48:00Z
  25
  6599
  37618
  The HENLEY College
  313
  88
  44129
  12.00
 




 
  
  
  1
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






�Schoolgirl Sisters

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Part
1

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The
two naked female bodies swung gently in chains hanging from the ceiling of the
darkened chamber. The slim bodies were of two teenage sisters who were bound
tightly together, hanging by cuffs around their wrists to the ceiling above.
Both girls were crying �please help me� but their cries were the sole sounds
heard in the half-lit chamber. No one was going to
help them in their ordeal. The two girls faced each other, their beautiful
young bodies crushed together and their sweet faces wet with tears.� Their lovely naked bodies bore the marks of a
recent heavy whipping. Their slim thighs and perfectly-rounded bottoms were
covered in dark red welts, marking their nubile young flesh. They would hang
there all night, bound tightly together with only each other for company. The
morning would bring no relief but only fresh trials and ordeals for the sweet
teenage sisters.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

*������� *������� *������� *������� *

&nbsp;

�I
want you to use strict discipline on my daughters.� the man said as he sat in
front of the Mother Superior�s desk in her study at the Convent of the
Perpetual Succour. His twin daughters, Melanie and Debbee,
stood next to him, their heads bowed, not daring to say anything and holding
hands in fear and trepidation. �I�m afraid I�m all alone with my daughters as
my wife is no longer with us. I�ve taken charge of their discipline so far but
now I feel they need a stronger hand. I�ve heard that your convent practises
firm discipline and this is what both my girls need.�

&nbsp;

�You�re
quite right and I think we will enjoy training your two daughters, or should I
say educating,� replied the Mother Superior who sat behind her desk in her long
black robes, looking very stern and forbidding. An ominous-looking bamboo cane
lay conveniently on her desk. 

&nbsp;

�How
old are your girls, sir? They look delightful beauties if I may say so,� she
asked with her eyes fixed on the luscious bodies of the two trembling girls. 

�They�re just 13. They�re twins as you can see and they take after their mother
in looks. They�re beautiful but also wilful and in need of firm control.�

&nbsp;

The
two young sisters were real stunners with their fabulous blonde hair, tied in a
pony tail, sweet angelic faces, blue eyes, long legs and the most amazing
upright breasts. They had already turned many hot-blooded male eyes. For their
interview at their new school their father had insisted they wore a very short
skirt which barely covered their perfect little bottoms and tight white blouses
which would have fitted a 10 year old. When the sisters had barely reached
puberty their breasts measured already a good 32B; now at the still tender age
of 13, they measured an ample 34DD and were still developing. As the girls
stood passively in the Head�s study their large upright breasts were heaving as
they strained at the tight thin fabric of their blouses. They had been told by
their father to undo most of the top buttons as this would make a good
impression at their new school. They didn�t dare disobey their strict
disciplinarian father. The girls were still innocent of sex and didn�t realise
the effect their luscious bodies were having on their father. The sisters were
holding hands for comfort as they stood there submissively, not daring to look
at the stern black-robed woman in front of them.

&nbsp;

�Your
lovely daughters look older, if I may compliment them, and I can see they are
very well-developed for their age. They�ll fit very well into our first
reception class, where all the girls are either 13 or 14, although I don�t
think any of the other girls have such well-developed figures as your lovely
girls,� she said eyeing up the sisters� ample breasts which were heaving up and
down as both girls shook in trepidation. She thought that were very young to
have such prominent female assets. They need to be taught a lesson, she thought
to herself, and there are lots of fun we can have with gorgeous tits like
these! She was eager to get her hands on the girls� perfect bodies and abuse
them roughly. She touched the cane on her desk, fingering it with growing
anticipation.

&nbsp;

�I
would like to stress that there�s nothing you can�t do to my daughters. You
have complete free rein with them,� the man continued. �They�re both no
strangers to my discipline and I assure you they can take it without complaint.
They both know what a strong hand across their bottoms feels like so you should
have no trouble from them. They will do as they�re told! I�ve heard the convent
has much harder methods to train wayward young girls. That�s what I definitely
want. The harder the better is my motto and very strict discipline is what I
want for my daughters.�

&nbsp;

�We
can certainly oblige in this school and here we know how to discipline girls
very firmly. I like to practice firm discipline myself and we have a lot of
equipment here for that very purpose,� she said licking her lips as she tapped
her cane hard across the palm of her hand. �I can also call on lots of help if
I need it. Although we are a girls� school we have a very experienced older
man, Father John Thomas, who assists me with the girls� discipline and he is
helped by another male assistant, Father Benedick. I
can assure you that both of them stand no nonsense from our girls. We have
found that men are particularly good at disciplining teenage girls and all the
women staff are happy to use them. They bring distinct
advantages when we discipline our school girls. They enjoy their work and they
are very strict with their methods. So just leave everything to us for the next
few years.�

&nbsp;

�Good
that�s what I like to hear. I can leave my daughters in your very capable
hands. It is difficult being a single parent bringing up lovely girls like my
daughters and it�s not the same since my wife left us.�

&nbsp;

The
man was now a single parent and this what his two
girls had come to accept. They assumed that their mother had gone missing
either by accident or deliberately and felt the loss of their mother
dreadfully. The truth was the man had a good idea where his wife was but he had
to keep it to himself. He had recklessly gambled a lot of money and owed a huge
amount of money, over 20,000, to a syndicate of some rather nasty people. He
was offered a deal: his debts would be wiped out if he �hired� his pretty young
wife out to the group who said they wanted an attractive female to entertain
some men. He had earlier showed a member of the syndicate a photo of his wife
in a brief bikini and the men liked what they saw. They were very happy to
accept such a beautiful wife as payment for the debt. His wife was a
long-legged blonde model in her early 30s and although he loved her very much
he had no alternative but to comply with their demands as he had no other way
to raise the money. He agreed to tell the group when she would be home alone so
someone could call at his house to �collect� her. This was the deal so his wife
would never suspect he had agreed to it. He was also told that his wife should
not know of the deal. It was to be kept a secret. There was a pre-arranged time
and he had deliberately taken his daughters out for the night to a show so that
his lovely young wife was all alone. He had also given the group a key to get
in the house. 

&nbsp;

Four
men arrived at his house early in the evening and let themselves quietly in.
They found his wife conveniently in the lounge dressed in a tiny bikini as she
had been sunbathing outside that day. She tried to scream but she was no match
for the men and they overpowered her, binding her in a tight hogtie and gagging
her. They enjoyed handling her semi-naked body and she had such a stunning
figure the men had to restrain themselves from raping her there and then. They
wrapped her in a rug and quickly carried her to an unmarked waiting van. No one
saw a thing. In order that her disappearance should look innocent the men
filled a couple of suitcases with her underwear and clothes to make it seem as
if she had gone away suddenly. There were no signs of violence and when he and
his daughters got home they all accepted that she would be back in a couple of
days.�� 

&nbsp;

A
few days later he received a video in the post. He played the video and was
shocked to see his lovely young wife in a dungeon, stripped naked and bound in
many different ways. It was a bondage video made for commercial purposes and he
watched his wife endure various stringent bondage positions from hogties to
being hung upside down. She was gagged and forced to wear all kinds of leather
harnesses and bondage devices. She was visibly crying and in a lot of distress.
He was fascinated as well as horrified as he watched it. The next week another
video arrived and this time it was much worse. The video again featured his
naked wife, now bound to an x-cross in a dungeon. A large group of Arab-looking
men, all talking a foreign language, stood around her abusing her. He guessed
now that she had been taken far away to another country and he was then shocked
to watch her being brutally whipped for over an hour by all the men. The
following week yet another video came and this one was even worse. He watched
in shock as his wife was brutally tortured for hour after hour. She suffered brandings
and piercings as well as other horrible tortures; various electro devices were
used on the sensitive parts of her body which sent her into paroxysms of
screaming. He even turned the sound down as she screamed so much. He hid the
videos so that his daughters wouldn�t see them but he did look at them several
more times, horrified but also turned on to see his wife cruelly abused and
punished. He had never seen her since but wonders where she is and what kind of
tortures she�s suffering now.

&nbsp;

He
looked after his growing daughters on his own and he was a strict
disciplinarian. He insisted on going with his daughters on their shopping trips
and would have even gone into the changing room with them had he been allowed.
As he always paid the bills, they had to buy what he liked:� very short micro-skirts, tight jeans and
skinny tops with spaghetti straps. He particularly liked choosing their
underwear. He insisted they wear push-up tiny bras and thong panties, making
them model for him in the lounge at home when they got back from the shopping
trips. If they protested in the slightest or tried to cover their embarrassment
as they stood before him in their skimpy underwear he would immediately spank
them both. 

&nbsp;

He
was a strict master as well as father and enjoyed his total power over them. He
loved their punishment sessions and he would pull one of his daughters over his
knee while the other one had to watch. He would make her kneel close by, her
hands behind her back, waiting for her turn to be punished.� When he spanked them he would pull their
skirts up or pull down their jeans so they were just wearing their tiny thongs.
If they protested at all when he revealed their nakedness he would double the
number of spanking blows.� He found
excuses to spank them every evening for any minor infringement and always sent
them off to bed with red swollen bottoms. 

&nbsp;

With
his wife gone he relished taking over the discipline of his young daughters and
he really enjoyed his daily evening spanking sessions. But every time he had
one of them bent over his lap and he was slapping the tender unblemished flesh
of her bottom and the tops of her thighs he would get a massive hard-on. He
knew it wouldn�t take much to throw his lovely daughter on the floor and rape
her. As his submissive daughter knelt before him he was seriously tempted to
pull her forward, yanking out his hard cock and stuffing it into her innocent
mouth. Fearing he would eventually rape both girls he decided reluctantly to
enrol them in the strictest boarding school he could find and he took them to
the Convent of the Perpetual Succour.

&nbsp;

*������� *������� *������� *������� *

&nbsp;

�So
Reverend Mother, I repeat that I want my two daughters subjected to the
toughest discipline. I have to spank them every day but I am sure you have
harder punishments if they are disobedient.�

&nbsp;

�Yes
we are experienced in teaching teenage girls the real meaning of hard
discipline. Before you go we�ll show you our Correction Centre and I�m sure
you�ll like it. It has all the equipment to teach naughty young sluts a lesson
they won�t forget, if you don�t mind me calling your lovely daughters sluts!
They do look like little sluts, wearing such revealing clothes at their young
tender age!� she answered. �I must tell you that we do insist on having your
daughters all the time here so we have the complete freedom to teach them to
behave properly day and night. Parents give complete control of their daughters
over to us. Girls are never allowed out of the school the whole time they�re
with us. This is a convent boarding school and there are no holidays ever!
Girls stay here day and night until they�re 18 years old.�

�I�m very pleased with that and I am happy for you to do whatever you want with
my daughters for the next five years. And I mean that. You can do exactly what
you want with them. They are no limits as far as I�m concerned,� said the
father of the two girls as he sat in the head�s study looking contentedly at
his two frightened daughters. �Once they reach 18, I expect they will be well
trained to embark on their careers and I am sure you can take care of that for
me as well.�

�Of course we can. We make suitable arrangements for all our girls once they
reach the end of their time with us. They are many places all across the world
which will be very happy to take our well-trained young girls. And after five
years with us all the time, your daughters will be very well-trained, I can
assure you. Shall I get them settled in now?� she said as she rang a bell on
her large desk. �Then you can visit the Correction Centre before you leave.�

&nbsp;

Two
women dressed in black nun�s habits, complete with black hooded cowls, entered.
They weren�t as old as the Headmistress but looked very stern and forbidding.
They immediately frightened the two sisters even more as they not only looked
very threatening dressed all in black but they also had leather riding crops
hanging from their belts.

&nbsp;

�Let
me introduce you to Sister Isabella and Sister Angelica.�

&nbsp;

They
joined the Mother Superior behind her desk and eyed up the two young teenage
beauties with great pleasure. The presence in the study of the three female
figures in long black outfits sent shivers down the girls� spines. They
squeezed each other�s hand even more firmly, desperate for any comfort they
could get.

&nbsp;

�Now
girls, let�s see your real charms,� said the Head as she stood up to inspect
the two sisters. �You�re both wearing some very sexy outfits to show off your
charms so let�s see them. Remove your blouses and skirts so we can see your
lovely young bodies much better.�

&nbsp;

�NNNNN�No,
please, we can�t�can�t do that,� said one of the
girls, Melanie, as they clasped each other closely, shaking in their
humiliation. �Please, we�re too shy. Daddy, please don�t make us take off our
clothes here!�

&nbsp;

�Don�t
you dare be disobedient to me!� said the Head as she slapped the protesting
twin girl very hard across her face. It was such a hard slap that the girl
nearly fell backwards and there was left the red imprint of her hand on the
girl�s cheek. Melanie cried with the hurt and shame and fearing more punishment,
both sisters began quickly unbuttoning their blouses.

&nbsp;

�As
you can see, we don�t stand any nonsense from our girls,� the headmistress said
to the father who was sitting in his chair and looking very pleased with what
he was seeing unfold before his eyes. �I hope as their father you don�t mind
seeing their charms more fully revealed.��


&nbsp;

�Not
at all, I�m looking forward to it. Do carry on, I beg you. I insist on seeing
them in their underwear at home and I must say my daughters are turning into
right little tarts, I can tell you. They need to be taught a lesson for being
such sexy little girls. Whatever discipline you inflict on them, I know they
will deserve it. I must assure you that you can do exactly what you like with
them. Nothing is too severe and I mean nothing!�

&nbsp;

The
sisters were sobbing quietly as they nervously unbuttoned their tight blouses
and removed them. They then unzipped their tiny mini-skirts and let them fall
around their ankles, stepping out of them. They had to hand over their clothes
to the two nuns who immediately threw them into a waste bin.

&nbsp;

�Now
put your hands behind your backs!� ordered the Head. 

&nbsp;

Both
teenagers blushed as they stood there in their skimpy underwear, holding their
hands behind their backs. They were wearing a matching underwear set of bra and
panties, chosen for them by their father. They had push-up bras in a pretty
white and pink floral pattern with bows and laces in the middle of the cups.
Their ample 34DD breasts were bursting out of the tiny demi-cups
and with their hands behind their backs their bodies were thrust provocatively
forward. Their other item of underwear consisted of matching tiny thong panties
with a pretty lace waistband. It was very feminine underwear and showed off the
twins� stunning bodies. The sisters were both wearing identical high heeled
sandals with 3� heels which their father had also insisted on. 

&nbsp;

�Very
nice indeed,� said the Headmistress as she surveyed the sisters� well-developed
young bodies. �You two little sluts are going to be real stunners and I can see
we need to keep a close eye on you two. We can turn you into something very
special which is definitely going to appeal to men.�� 

&nbsp;

She
inspected both girls closely. She picked up her slim cane from her desk and
rested it on their heaving breasts, taunting both girls with her total
dominance. She tapped her swishy cane on their well-formed nipples which were
visibly protruding through their thin push up demi-bras.
The sisters shook in fear as the Mother Superior played with them and they
winced in pain as she gently tapped their hard nipples with her cane. Their
innocent eyes filled up with tears.

&nbsp;

�Please,
don�t hurt us, please, I beg you,� cried the twin called Debbee.
�Daddy, I want to go home, please take us with you. Don�t leave us here!� 

&nbsp;

�Stop
whining, you little tart! You�re here to stay and there�s nothing you can do
about it!� barked the headmistress in a cold cruel voice. �Open your legs, you
little sluts� she ordered next and both girls were quick to obey at her harsh
command. They kept looking at their father, pleading with him with their eyes,
hoping he might intervene and take them home.�


&nbsp;

The
headmistress carried on with her inspection and moved around the lovely twins,
who stood there with their legs apart and their hands behind their backs. She
put her cane between their legs and pulled it backwards and forwards, rubbing
it on their skimpy thong panties. The twins writhed gently at the intimate
assault on their most precious area, but were too frightened to protest. Their
father became more and more aroused as he sat there while his daughters cried
softly as the cane was rubbed hard against their virgin pussies barely covered
by their thin panties.

&nbsp;

�Now
get on your knees, sluts, right in front of your father! Show him how obedient
you are!� she barked and the girls dropped to their knees, not daring to
protest against the dominant black-clad woman. �And keep your hands behind your
backs, always!�

&nbsp;

The
man was delighted as he had both his teenage daughters clad in the skimpiest
underwear, kneeling at his feet. It was like an old man�s perfect dream and he
licked his lips in lust.

&nbsp;

�Now,
sluts, your father is about to leave you with us, permanently,� said the
headmistress as she stood behind the two humiliated girls. �I want you to show
your appreciation of him and give him something to remember you by. I�m sure
your father will oblige by getting out his manhood which I guess is pretty
large by now! You�d better get your mouths and lips ready. Get working, you little
cock-suckers, and if you�ve never done it before you�d better quickly learn!�

&nbsp;

The
two teenagers were still virgins and had never had a male cock anywhere near
their mouths. In fact, they had never even seen one in the flesh. Now, as they
knelt in front of their father he stood up and pulled his trousers down. He
couldn�t believe he had his two luscious teenage daughters kneeling in their
scanty underwear in front of him all ready to start sucking his cock. It was
any man�s best wet dream. He slipped his tight black briefs down, revealing his
huge hard cock. His massive, throbbing cock was thrust in front of their
frightened young faces. Both girls gasped and their eyes widened in terror at
the sight of their father�s huge cock just inches from their faces. 

&nbsp;

�Put
your tongues out and start licking, you little sluts!� came the command from
the cruel headmistress as she pushed their faces right down onto the waiting
cock. The two girls looked at each other, terrified before they nervously
pushed out their tongues and began licking their father�s throbbing red cock.
They sobbed together in humiliation. They weren�t sure what to do but as they
looked at each other through their tear-filled eyes they licked up and down the
cock�s massive length, covering it with their saliva.

&nbsp;

�That�s
it, sluts, make your daddy�s cock nice and wet! Now,
you go first, bitch, get it into your mouth!� the headmistress ordered. Debbee was the first sister to have to open her mouth wide.
She seemed as if she was going to choke on it but slowly took the massive cock
into her mouth through her outstretched lips. She didn�t know what she had to
do but just opened her mouth as wide as she could, which was immediately filled
to bursting with her father�s huge cock.

&nbsp;

�Work
your mouth up and down, slut!� a further command came from the headmistress,
who was standing behind the girls and supervising their first experience of
cock-sucking. Soon, Debbee�s head was bobbing up and
down, her eyes streaming with tears and wide open in humiliation; her lovely
long blonde hair was in disarray. Her father was groaning in pleasure as she
took his massive organ deep into her mouth right to the back of her throat.
After many minutes of working her mouth up and down his throbbing cock she was
pulled off by the headmistress and her sister Melanie had to take her turn to
go down on her father. She had watched her twin at close range and she was now
very tearful at what she had to do. She shook her head but when the woman
viciously pulled her head down by the hair she submissively opened her mouth
and took her father�s cock as deep in her mouth as she could without gagging.

&nbsp;

�Get
your slut�s mouth open, and show your daddy what a good little cock-sucking
tart you are!� said the woman as she shoved the girl�s head right down on the
huge cock. Melanie worked hard, moving her mouth up and down his throbbing
organ as her father groaned in his rising excitement.

&nbsp;

�Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
That�s so good you slut, keep sucking my cock! Make it so wet, you bitch! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!� the father moaned as he tried to hold
the rising tide of his orgasm and prolong his supreme pleasure. 

&nbsp;

�When
he comes, don�t swallow his cum, slut!� barked the headmistress. �Make sure you
keep it in your mouth. I want you to share his delicious cum with your slut
sister!�

&nbsp;

With
a roar the father finally came, half pulling his cock out of his daughter�s
mouth so that some of his cum sprayed onto her face and the rest in her open
mouth. 

&nbsp;

�Now,
you slut, get your mouth open and start licking up your father�s cum like a
good little girl!� the woman addressed Debbee who was
kneeling dutifully next to her sister, whose face was now covered in her
father�s sticky cum. �Let�s see some deep French kissing from both of you
girls! You can show your daddy what real little sluts you are!�

&nbsp;

Debbee obediently
opened her mouth as her sister leant over her upturned face. Melanie spread her
lips, letting the large quantity of cum in her mouth, run between her sister�s
waiting lips. Both girls kissed each other, their mouths open as the thick cum
filled them. Their full red lips were coated with the masses of cum and it
swirled around their mouths, as their lips entwined. Debbee
obediently licked the sticky cum off her sister�s face, transferring it back
into her sister�s mouth on her lips. For several minutes the scene in the
office was one of great excitement and intense humiliation for the two teenage
sisters. Through fear, the twins were leaning how to be good cock-suckers and
cum-sluts. The Mother Superior, her two Assistants and the girls� father all
gathered close around the kneeling scantily-clad twin sisters, enjoying every
moment of their degradation.

&nbsp;

�Hands
behind your back, sluts and don�t stop kissing each other until I tell you!�
the headmistress barked and she loomed over the two young girls, visibly turned
on by the lesbian intimacy of her new recruits. She made them deep kiss each
other for over 10 minutes until their lips were sore and they had swallowed
every last drop of the sticky cum. The father stood there watching his two
daughters, revelling in the sight of their young nubile bodies and their
intimate girl-on-girl kissing. His cock had subsided by now but was still red
and glistening with sweat and cum.

&nbsp;

�Now
lick your daddy�s cock clean, you little sluts! Do it together!� said the woman
as she pulled the girls� faces apart from their intimate kissing. She grabbed
hold of their blonde hair and pushed their faces back down onto their father�s
cock. The sisters obediently stuck out their tongues and began licking every
inch of it together. They licked every inch of their father�s still-throbbing
cock making it all wet again with saliva from their tongues.

&nbsp;

�Mmmmmmmmmmm. I
liked that! That was rather special,� said the father as he tucked his now limp
cock back into his briefs and zipped himself up. �I should have done that
before. That was very good. They�ve learnt how to be cock-suckers pretty quick.
God, I didn�t know my daughters were such sluts. I�m actually quite shocked
that my daughters are really sexy little tarts!�

&nbsp;

�They�re
certainly quick learners and I can see they�ve given you a real treat,� she
replied. �I can also predict that it won�t be long before they go down on each
other here and I�m sure many of our older girls will want to be serviced by
some good cunt-licking from your two little beauties!�

&nbsp;

�It�s
a pity I won�t be here to see that! Anyway, I think after that tarty behaviour both my girls deserve a good spanking. I
wouldn�t mind punishing them one more time before I leave them with you, if I
may.�

�Oh, I think we can do more than a good spanking,� replied the Mother Superior,
licking her lips. �Both these sluts deserve a harder punishment for being such
good cock-suckers and cum-sluts. I think we should give them the normal punishment
I dish out to any of my naughty girls in this school. This will be for them
just a taste of the kind of discipline they will get here. Although I am very
happy to spank a naughty girl I normally use special gloves lined with spikes
or leather paddles, again with some additional spikes. For punishments in my
office I must say I prefer to use the cane, if that�s all right by you. It�s a
traditional instrument in schools. As their first test, I�d like to see how
your lovely daughters like the cane on their pretty bottoms,� she said, picking
up the cane from her desk and tapping it across her palm. �I think both of them
deserve a good caning right here and now. And I�d like you to join me. Girls,
get up and bend over my desk. It�s time you two received your first proper
punishment. Get nice and close to each other so we can cane you both at the
same time.�

The two sisters were sobbing and clasping each other close for comfort. They
didn�t dare look at the stern headmistress but looked imploringly at their father,
their eyes wide and full of tears.

&nbsp;

�Please
don�t hurt us. Please daddy, don�t do this to us. We�ll be good!� they cried as
they knelt before their father, pleading with him desperately.

&nbsp;

��Bend
over the desk, you sluts!� barked the headmistress �And take your punishment!�
The other two black-clad women in the room pulled the young sisters roughly by
the arms, dragged them sobbing to their feet and pushed them over the large
desk. Their lovely pert bottoms were thrust into the air as they bent over.

&nbsp;

�Put
one hand over the other side of my desk and stick your pretty little bottoms in
the air! And put your other arm around each other�s waist. I want to see you
two sluts nice and close so we can cane you together!� barked the headmistress
as she gloated over the two teenagers bent invitingly over her desk, all ready
for their punishment. She fiddled with their tiny thong panties and made sure
the skimpy vee of lace was pulled tight into their
crotches to give maximum exposure of their perfect, round bottoms. The twins
were quite tall for their age at 5� 5� and their long legs and slim thighs were
stunning in all their nakedness. Their flesh was unblemished and glistened with
young ripeness. Their luscious young bodies looked delightful as both girls huddled
up to each other with their bodies closely touching. They were perched on top
of their thin heels and their calves soon began to hurt as they were bent over
the desk.

&nbsp;

�Now
here�s a cane for you. I always keep a good supply in my office, �said the Mother
Superior, handing a cane to the delighted and excited father. �Let me just get
more comfortable before I punish these little sluts!�

&nbsp;

She
pulled up her long, floor-length black habit and slid it over her head. The
father was shocked and pleasantly surprised when he saw what the headmistress
was wearing underneath her nun�s habit. She was clad in a black leather basque, black stockings with suspenders and knee high black
leather boots with pencil-thin mistress heels. She was the epitome of a true domme and she clearly enjoyed this role, as she picked up
her cane from the desk.

&nbsp;

�Well
I never!� gasped the father as he admired the new dominant figure before him.
�What a pleasant transformation! From nun to dominant mistress in a few
seconds! I can see that my daughters are going to be in very good hands in this
school. I�m only sorry I can�t stay here and watch you when you discipline
them, which I hope you�ll do regularly. I can see you enjoy your work and you
certainly look the part, if I may say so.�

&nbsp;

�I�m
glad you like my other side and I can assure you that in this convent school we
specialise in harsh discipline. We�re all into domination and every kind of
fetish. Sister Isabella and Sister Angelica here look very fetching in leather
cat-suits and boots. And they look pretty stunning in skin-tight PVC and latex
as well! I believe that when we discipline our girls it is important for us to
look like really dominant mistresses. I can assure you that every class
mistress in the school is an experienced domme with
the outfit to match! We want to show our girls how submissive they are. We must
invite you to intend some of our main punishment sessions in our Correction
Centre.

&nbsp;

�I�d
like that very much as I can see you are good at your work,� the man continued
as he keenly fingered the cane in his hand, itching to try it out across his
daughters� bottoms.

&nbsp;

�So
are you ready to enjoy yourself? How about if we each give both of your
daughters a dozen strokes of the cane? This�ll be a good introduction to their
school life. We can take it in turns and let�s take our time. I like making
girls wait for their punishment as it prolongs the agony nicely.� 

&nbsp;

�I
can�t wait to teach my two young tarts a lesson they won�t forget in a hurry!�
said the father as he swished his cane in the air just above their upturned
bottoms. The sisters trembled in fear and anticipation as they heard the
dreaded swish of the cane. They each put an arm round the other and snuggled up
close which is exactly want the Mother Superior wanted. She wanted their lovely
round bottoms to be as close as possible so she could cane both of them at the
same time.

&nbsp;

�Well,
you two are perfect young beauties and what lovely pert bottoms you both have,�
she said as she ran her hands over both their bottoms closely touching. �Shall
I start?�



�Be
my guest. I want to see your technique.�

&nbsp;

The
headmistress raised her hand high and brought her cane down across the girls�
bottoms with great force.

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!�
the twins screamed in unison as the cane immediately left dark red weals across both their throbbing globes.

&nbsp;

�God
you�ve got a heavy hand!� said the father appreciating the violence with which
she delivered her first stroke. �I can see you know what you�re doing!�

&nbsp;

�A
caning is only effective if it leaves permanent marks on nice tender flesh. Now
it�s your turn, sir!�

&nbsp;

He
raised his hand and brought his cane down across both their throbbing globes as
hard as he could. As the girls were close up to each other, one stroke
immediately brought deep red weals right across both
their bottoms. 

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!�
the young girls screamed together. He couldn�t believe the thrill he got as the
cane landed and he saw the deep welts crossing their flesh. This was so much
better than a spanking, he thought! He had always liked seeing his daughters
with nice, red and swollen bottoms but this was even better. He really wished
he�d caned them before!

�

Swish!
The headmistress continued her heavy assault on their young tender globes,
followed then by the father.

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!� screamed both girls. �NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!�

&nbsp;

Swish!
Swish! The cane continued to land with a regular rhythm, from first one side
then after a pause from the other. 

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!�
the twins� cries filled the office as the headmistress continued to beat her
cane right across both their upturned bottoms. 

&nbsp;

�They
are young and can take their first punishment so don�t be afraid to give them
the full treatment! Now it�s your turn, sir.�

&nbsp;

The
father raised his hand right up in the air and when it landed with great force,
more long weals appeared right across their quivering
bottoms.��� 

&nbsp;

�PLEEEEEEEEEEEASE,
NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!� Debbee pleaded and raised her
outside leg as she tried to turn to one side to avoid the next stroke of the
cane. That was a mistake!

&nbsp;

�Stay still, you stupid little slut!
That�ll mean an extra six strokes for moving!� barked the headmistress. �And I
mean six strokes for each of you on top of what we were already going to give
you!�

&nbsp;

�Nooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!� Debbee cried in helpless protest but kept her leg and
bottom in position for the next blow.

&nbsp;

The
caning went on mercilessly until they had given the sisters a dozen hard
strokes between them. The girls were crying a great deal, their tears running
down their faces and were obviously in considerable pain. The headmistress and
father stopped for a moment to admire their handiwork. 

&nbsp;

�As
you can see, your daughters are nicely marked already and we�ve only just started
on their punishment. Are you pleased, sir? We�ve worked a nice pattern on their
pretty bottoms. Doesn�t the cane leave such perfect red marks? Now let�s change
sides and give them the rest of their punishment. Of course, we mustn�t forget
the extra 6 strokes from each of us. Let�s work our way down the top of their
thighs now. I particularly like the area of their flesh where their bottoms and
thighs meet. It�s so soft and inviting.�

&nbsp;

�Yes
I agree with you. I�d like to see them well-marked all the way down their
thighs,� replied the father as he measured his next stroke by laying the cane
across the top of their thighs. �When I�ve spanked them I particularly liked
this soft area of flesh here, just between their bottom and their thighs. I
must admit I�ve been pretty turned on touching them here as their young flesh
is so soft. It was all I could to stop myself fingering their little virgin
cunts through their panties, I can tell you. Anyway, spanking them was such a
great thrill and I looked forward to it every evening. I could always work up
quite a sweat beating them just there but I agree that the cane is a perfect
instrument of punishment.� 

&nbsp;

The
father continued to bring his cane down with force across the tops of their
thighs and deep red lines and raised welts immediately appeared. 

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!�
the girls screamed as the cane lashed across their tender, naked flesh.

&nbsp;

Father
and headmistress took it in turns to give the twins a slow and merciless
beating. The girls screamed after every stroke but desperately tried to keep as
still as possible to avoid even more punishment. They embraced each other very
closely which made it easier to aim the canes to land across both their thighs
at the same time. After another dozen strokes the tops of the girls� thighs
were well-striped with lines of red weals and both
girls were crying pitifully for mercy.

&nbsp;

�OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Please don�t hurt me any more!� the girl called Melanie cried while her sister Debbee joined her in her pleas, �AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!�
she cried. �Please Daddy, don�t beat us any more,
please�

&nbsp;

�Are
you two going to be good girls from now on then?�

&nbsp;

�YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
Please no more, Daddy!!!� they cried in unison, cuddling up as close as they
could to each other for comfort.

�I hope, sir, you�re not going to be soft on your daughters. We said they
deserved another dozen strokes as an extra punishment to teach them not to move
and I never change my mind or show any mercy to my girls. I�d like to give the
young bitches their full punishment of the extra strokes, if I may.�

&nbsp;

�Of
course, and I will be pleased to join you. I can assure you that I am never
soft on them and I want them severely disciplined, day and night in your
school,� the father replied fingering his cane with eager anticipation. �So,
what are we waiting for? Let�s give them another half a dozen strokes each. I
really want to teach them a lesson they won�t forget.�

&nbsp;

With
slow deliberation both of them continued to beat the two sobbing sisters,
taking it in turns, from both sides. The canes landed on flesh already marked
and the weals deepened in colour. 

&nbsp;

�Take
that, you bitches! God, I bet that hurts!!� shouted the headmistress as she
clearly enjoyed herself, thrashing the cane across the tops of well-marked
thighs.

&nbsp;

�AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!�
the girls screamed in unison and their voices became more and more desperate
and hoarse. �Please, no more, Daddy!!!!! Please, have mercy. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!�

&nbsp;

�You
can scream and beg as much as you like, you silly little bitches!� said the
mistress as she wielded her cane again. �We�re all used to hearing girls scream
in this convent. We enjoy hearing the screams and it scares the other girls
when they hear them. Anyway, if we get tired hearing you scream we can always
gag you both!�

&nbsp;

The
beating went on until both sobbing girls had received another dozen extra
strokes, all of them hard and well-aimed. Somehow the twins managed to remain
fairly still as the canes landed, embracing each other as tightly as they
could. Their young bodies were stretched over the large desk with their
delicious round globes raised up invitingly in the air.

&nbsp;

�Nice
work, sir,� said the headmistress as she stood back to admire her work and
inspected the well-whipped bottoms of her two new charges. She ran her fingers
over the lines of the many deep red weals back and
forth, causing both girls to sob in pain as she mauled their abused flesh.
Their lovely young bottoms were delightfully marked as well as the tops of
their tender thighs. She was pleased with her work.

&nbsp;

�That
was a lot of fun and I�m only sorry I can�t help you out on future occasions,�
said the father. �I could get to like dishing out some heavy punishment and
domination. Now I�ll be all alone at home, I think I�ll have to get myself a
live-in slave girl to practise on.�

At that moment the man thought of his wife and wondered where she was now. He
knew she was in some dungeon thousands of miles away and although he knew he�d
never see her again he would have loved to have her back as a well-trained
slave. He also wondered whether he�d see any more videos of her being tortured.
He hoped he would and he thought, now that his daughters weren�t at home, he
could watch again the other videos he�d been sent, without them knowing. �I�m
sure you�ll manage to punish my daughters very well whenever they deserve it. I
think this will teach them a good lesson and I expect my girls to receive lots
more discipline just like this in your school.�

&nbsp;

�Of
course they will, I promise you. Now, get up, you little sluts and make your
farewells to your father,� the headmistress ordered.

�

Still
with their arms round each other the sisters straightened up. They stood there
shaking with humiliation and pain from their punishment. They looked really
delicious in their skimpy white and pink floral underwear: their tiny panties
complemented their very slim bodies and their demi-cup
bras barely restrained their 34DD breasts. Their young bodies looked truly
stunning as they stood there clinging to each other. Their faces were covered
in streaming tears and their delicate mascara had run down their innocent
faces. They looked imploringly at their father.

&nbsp;

�Please,
Daddy, don�t leave us here,� begged Debbee. �We�ll do
whatever you want at home. You can spank us as much as you like and we�ll serve
you in any way you desire, but please don�t leave us in this awful school!�

&nbsp;

�Hands
behind your backs, and don�t you dare question what is best for you! You two
are here to stay for a very long time so you�d better get used to it!� barked
the headmistress.

&nbsp;

The
twins immediately obeyed and clasped their hands behind their backs which
thrust out their heaving breasts even more. Their long blonde hair hung in damp
strands because of all the tears and the sweat from their abused bodies. 

&nbsp;

�Now
kneel and kiss your father�s shoes� she ordered. �And you�d better also thank
him for allowing you to come to this school!�

The twins dropped to their knees and bent forward together. They put out their
tongues and began licking their father�s shiny black shoes. After they had
licked his shoes for a few minutes they looked up at him through their
tear-filled eyes.

&nbsp;

�Thank,
thank you, Daddy for letting us come to this�.school. We hope we�ll be good
obedient pupils�� they chimed together as they knelt at his feet. 

&nbsp;

�It�s
now time your lovely daughters were taken off to their dormitory and introduced
to the other girls in Class 1,� said the headmistress. �Then we�ll fit them
with their new school uniform which will look just as attractive as what
they�re wearing now. By the way, before you go, would you like to see round our
Correction Centre? I can assure you, it�s well-equipped and you can see for
yourself what we do in there to discipline our girls.�

&nbsp;

�I
would like that very much and as I�ve said before, I hope you will deal with my
daughters very strictly. I don�t want to know what happens to them although you
might like to invite me to watch a session sometime in your Correction Centre
if it involves my daughters. 

&nbsp;

�Of
course, we will. We often like an audience of men like yourself
who appreciate a well-disciplined young girl. Girls, now say good bye to your
father.�

�Goooood� Good bbbbbye,
Daddy, please come and see us�soon� stammered Debbee
through her tears.

&nbsp;

�We�ll
be ggggggood girls, Daddy�� chimed in Melanie.

&nbsp;

The
two assistants clad in their long black robes pulled the two sobbing girls to
their feet and they took each of the sobbing twins roughly by the arm and led
them off to begin their strict training in Class 1 of the Convent of Perpetual
Succour.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

End
of Part One

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

This
story will be continued as the twins are initiated into the rules and life of
the convent and meet their classmates and class mistresses. It won�t be long
though before the girls infringe the rules and receive their next punishment.
Any ideas of what exciting misadventures could befall our lovely twins in the
next parts would be gratefully received by the author.�� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter de Sade


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





