BDSM Library - Brian's Sleep Walking Adventure




Brian's Sleep Walking Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sleep walking college football star is dumped in the all night laundramat of his rival's town, nude.







Brian's Sleep Walking Adventure By SirBosk1








 
  Douglas Stoxen
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  9
  2006-02-02T04:51:00Z
  2007-05-15T23:40:00Z
  2007-05-15T23:40:00Z
  43
  12480
  71139
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  592
  166
  83453
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  0 pt
  0 pt
  0
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  0 pt
  0 pt
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Brian's Sleep Walking Adventure By SirBosk1

ï¿½ 2005 SirBosk1

&nbsp;

This story is based on what may be an
urban myth from my college days. A fraternity brother told me about the
incident after my own adventure, described in my story &quot;Pledge Class
Payback&quot; so I believe it to be true. When I asked about it, no one could
remember the actual names or years or the fraternity. However, it fed my
imagination and inspired me to write this story. It is based on a &quot;true
incident&quot; with a lot of embellishments. All persons, names, places,
events, and descriptions, are purely fictional. Any resemblance to actual
persons, names, places, events, or descriptions, is totally unintentional and a
pure coincidence. That is, except for the &quot;urban myth&quot; about a sleep
walking football frat brother and his abandonment in another town. It starts a
bit slow so please be patient..

&nbsp;

This story contains scenes of
kidnapping, non consensual exhibitionism, bondage, spanking, water sports,
CFNM, forced homosexual acts and other erotic themes between adults of college
age or older. If such subjects are offensive, uninteresting or if you are a
minor (i.e., child) please leave now. This work is copyright by the author and
commercial use is prohibited without permission. Personal/private copies are permitted
only if complete including the copyright notice. The author would appreciate
your votes, and comments -- pro and con, including constructive criticism, and
suggestions for future stories. 

&nbsp;

Part 1

&nbsp;

Chapter 1, The
God

&nbsp;

Brian Erickson
grew up on a large farm near a small college town in northern Indiana. His people were simple folks that
believed in virgin brides and virgin grooms. They also believed that excelling
at sports was praising God's gifts. 

&nbsp;

Brian worked hard
around the farm and was blessed by his Nordic heritage. He was tall and very
firm, 6 foot 3 inches, 200 pounds and had almost perfect muscle definition. He
was blond with startling violet eyes like Elizabeth Taylor. 

&nbsp;

Thor had come to
earth and lived in northern Indiana!

&nbsp;

Pushed by his stern
father to excel at sports, he did pretty well in basketball and track but
really excelled at football, at least after he started taking steroids to bulk
up. His hard work around the farm, weight training and the steroids built a
magnificent wide receiver. 

&nbsp;

Brian's family
was very proud. He was a hero on the local high school football team. He was
handsome and most of the girls in school and some of the boys lusted for him as
he moved gracefully and purposely through the halls. In High School, he was a
god, the envy of all the boys and the focus in the erotic dreams for most of
his female school mates and a lot of the women around the small rural town. 

&nbsp;

However, Brian
was very unhappy. 

&nbsp;

He didn't like
the hard boring work on the farm or the isolation. 

&nbsp;

He didn't like
his stern strict parents who locked him and his sisters in their bedrooms at
night to &quot;keep them from being tempted by the evil world.&quot; 

&nbsp;

But most of all
he was scared to death of dating. 

&nbsp;

How could that
be? 

&nbsp;

He was a local
celebrity, helping his team whip their local rivals for the northern Indiana football
championship. He had caught 15 passes for 250 yards in that game, humiliating
the defense. 

&nbsp;

Did his strict
upbringing make him avoid women? 

&nbsp;

Did his parents
forbid him to date? 

&nbsp;

No, that wasn't
it. 

&nbsp;

So, what was this
hero's problem. 

&nbsp;

He had a dick and
balls the size of an under developed 14 year old! Brian was paying the price
for his steroid use! He was afraid one of the lusty farm girls would jump his
bones and reveal his secret. 

&nbsp;

In High School it
wasn't a problem for him. The coach and student body knew he wasn't a rocket
scientist. He had to study to keep his grades up to play sports. He wasn't
dumb, but he was a slightly below average student. He had hard work to do at
home, helping on the farm like most of the students. His parents were known to
be very protective and his physical isolation on the 3000 acre farm made it
easy for him to convince his friends he just didn't have time for girls. 

&nbsp;

After the big
game and the great press, Brian got noticed by a scout from one of the larger
universities in Indiana
who was visiting his friend, the coach of the high school. Brian had become a
hot prospect for the Big Ten school! 

&nbsp;

The scout
approached Brian and made him an offer he couldn't refuse. 

&nbsp;

Due to Brian's
clean record and spotless reputation, Brian would get a full scholarship
including room and board. He was guaranteed membership in the college's jock
fraternity and a starting position on one of the best college football teams in
the country. 

&nbsp;

His parents were
reluctant to allow him to accept the offer, even though the University was only
50 miles away. However, Brian was wildly enthusiastic about the opportunity. It
got him a free ticket away from the farm and his loving but over strict
parents. He would be free and all he would have to do is what he was already
doing.

&nbsp;

Finally, the
scout and Brian's coach persuaded his parents to allow Brian to accept. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 2, Frat House Pervert 

&nbsp;

College started
great for Brian. 

&nbsp;

His classes were
hard but the work load and practice schedule were manageable. 

&nbsp;

There was a lot
of publicity in the college town's papers about this hot prospect and the
paper's sports photographer loved this beautiful young man's look. Just about
everyone knew who he was and were very happy he was joining their winning team.
The professors cut him a break in class and the Coach was very happy with the
rookie. 

&nbsp;

Brian moved into
the fraternity as soon as he got to the school and he was taking a light school
schedule to allow him to focus on his reason for being there. 

&nbsp;

However,
something was going very wrong for Brian. 

&nbsp;

Every morning,
Brian found himself on the couch in the living room of the fraternity in a
ball, nude! 

&nbsp;

At first, his
brothers were thrilled he was a member of their fraternity since he
dramatically improved their recruiting for new pledges and increased their
status on campus, but this was unacceptable. 

&nbsp;

Having someone
lying nude in the living room every morning was getting to be a big problem. 

&nbsp;

Girl friends of
Brian's brothers were freaking out from the free show when they stopped by
before morning classes. 

&nbsp;

Delivery men were
complaining. The postal person had filed a complaint with the government about
the lewd behavior. 

&nbsp;

The coach was getting
angry calls and the university administration was getting worried. 

&nbsp;

Brian tried
everything he could think of to stop it. He stopped sleeping nude like he did
at home and started sleeping in pajamas. 

&nbsp;

Still it kept
happening. 

&nbsp;

He stopped
undressing at all but still woke up nude in the living room. 

&nbsp;

He locked his
door, thinking someone was sneaking in and somehow stripping and moving him. 

&nbsp;

Still he ended up
on the couch, nude. 

&nbsp;

His brothers were
getting surly. They were getting tired of this &quot;pervert.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Finally, one
Saturday night late after a wild party at the house, two of his brothers came
back a little drunk after dropping off their dates and were sitting in the
living room. They were bragging about how well they did that night. Both were
strong good looking men, members of the baseball team, and both had beautiful
but new girl friends. They were both lying. Neither of them had gotten anywhere
with their dates. They were irritated and horny. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly, Brian
walked in, fully dressed and stood in front of them. His eyes were open but he
didn't respond to them. He started taking his clothes off, staring straight
ahead. They yelled at him, telling him to stop but he kept on going until he
was nude. 

&nbsp;

Then he did
something that completely blew their minds. He tried to curl up on the couch
they were sitting on! There he was with his tiny dick and balls, trying to
snuggle with them! 

&nbsp;

That did it!
These guys freaked out. Hearing all the yelling, several of the other brothers
came down from their rooms to see what was going on. There, on the couch was
Brian. Nude again but this time he had not yet curled into a ball. His
microscopic cock and balls were exposed to all of them. 

&nbsp;

Finally, one of
the house leaders came down and asked what was going on. After seeing Brian's
minuscule package, he started laughing, starting them all laughing. He sent
everyone to bed and told them they would straighten it all out in the morning.
Everyone left the living room headed for their rooms, leaving the nude Brian again
on the couch, this time with an old navy blanket over him. 

&nbsp;

The two men, Matt
and Mark, didn't want to let it go. This faggot freak had made a pass at them
and was making the house sound like a bunch of perverts. The frat's reputation
was going to hell fast. Their new girl friends teased them all night about the
perverts in their fraternity. 

&nbsp;

They quietly left
their rooms and went to the living room. There they stood Brian up and wrapped
him in the Navy blanket. They guided Brian out to Matt's truck and the three of
them drove away. Brian was sleeping soundly between them nude but for the
blanket, a big smile on his face, snuggled between the two strong pissed off
men. 

&nbsp;

Matt and Mark had
a great idea, at least it sounded like it at the time. They were going to take
Brian to his home town and leave him on the steps of the court house, just like
he liked it, nude. That would show him! He'd get thrown out of school and they
would be rid of the pervert!

&nbsp;

Well, Mark and
Matt were not from Indiana
and were not real sure where Brian's town was but they had a good idea about
the general direction. Finally after an hour of driving they were thoroughly
lost and had given up on their plan. They pulled into a small town and there on
the out skirts of town was an all night laundry. The lights were on and no one
was in there so they decided it was close enough. 

&nbsp;

They again
bundled Brian up in the blanket and guided him into the laundry to a table for
folding up clothes and Brian curled up, smiling like he was safe at home. Matt
pulled the blanket from Brian's hands and they left him there, nude and asleep.


&nbsp;

Chapter 3, The
Assault

&nbsp;

Suddenly Brian
felt a sharp pain in his ass!

&nbsp;

It was daylight,
he was naked and not in his bed at the fraternity! 

&nbsp;

He sprung up and
was confronted by a big boned 40ish woman holding a broom like a sword, poking
it at him, yelling.

&nbsp;

&quot;You pervert
son of a bitch, get the hell out of here or I will call the police.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Brian didn't know
what was going on but he knew he had to get out of there. If he got arrested
for being a pervert, his parents and minister would be devastated. He would be
disgraced and he would get tossed out of school, maybe even put in jail!

&nbsp;

He sprang up,
exposing his small package to the imposing woman, and ran out. 

&nbsp;

Mary Slovinsky,
the owner and operator of the laundry sat down with a thump on a chair. She was
shaking from the confrontation, adrenaline pumping from the initial fear and
excitement of seeing the big nude man. She started to calm down, replaying the
incident in her mind and she started to laugh, remembering his tiny pecker and
balls. He couldn't rape anyone with that equipment! Her mind began to work
again. 

&nbsp;

Mary was a hard
working woman, spending long hours at her regular job plus all her spare time
running the laundry her husband had left her. 

&nbsp;

She had a young
son going to the local junior college and had a lot of bills to pay. He had a
shot at a football scholarship as a defensive end but lost it in the big game
the previous year due to a humiliating loss to the other school. He had been
made to look like a fool by the other team, particularly by one of their wide
receivers. 

&nbsp;

Then she
remembered where she had seen that pervert son of a bitch before. That was him!

&nbsp;

She sprang up and
called her son, telling him that that bastard from the other school had been
sleeping naked in her laundry when she came in to clean up and was running
around the neighborhood still naked. Luke, her son, told her he would be right
over with some of his buddies from the team to catch the bastard and show him
what happens to perverts in their town. 

&nbsp;

Then she called
her brother, Joseph Frankovich, a decorated member of the county police, and
told him what had happened. Joe had felt really bad when Luke had lost his
scholarship chances and he was really pissed off that the guy mostly
responsible for screwing up Luke's chances had perved his sweet hard working
sister. 

&nbsp;

He told his
partner what was going on and called his Sergeant to tell him he needed a
personal day due to a family crisis. 

&nbsp;

Then he jumped
into his squad car and headed for his sister's town, siren and lights. 

&nbsp;

Part 2

&nbsp;

Chapter 4, The
Hunt

&nbsp;

Brian was running
down an alley behind the laundry and the other stores in the strip mall when he
finally stopped to look around to see if he was being followed. 

&nbsp;

He had no idea
where he was and he was totally naked. 

&nbsp;

What the hell was
going on? Where was he? What was he doing there naked and who had taken him
there?

&nbsp;

He relaxed a bit,
no one was following. 

&nbsp;

He needed
clothes. The chill of the morning was shrinking his already tiny pecker and he
needed to find out where he was and get back to the school without getting
arrested. 

&nbsp;

Looking around he
figured out he was behind a strip mall that butted up against a mature blue
collar neighborhood with small white frame houses, mostly built just after WW
II.

&nbsp;

There was a
combination of small dumpsters and garbage cans lining the alley. Maybe ï¿½

&nbsp;

He started
scrounging in the cans. First finding one blue flip flop that just fit and then
finding a translucent plastic shower curtain with pale blue fish on it.
Remembering a movie he had seen recently, he pulled the curtain out and using a
piece of broken glass, he cut the curtain into a poncho. 

&nbsp;

Taking a short
length of twine from a stack of discarded news papers, he tied the curtain
around his waist, cinching it closed to at least block the wind and cover his
nudity. It didn't cover everything, ending just below his athletic ass and
crotch but it made him technically, &quot;decent.&quot;

&nbsp;

Slightly limping
with only one flip flop he worked he way down the street. His strong muscular
legs were completely exposed but he was proud he had solved his clothing
problem. He began looking for something better now that he was no longer
&quot;nude.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Finally he had
covered the whole block without finding something better to wear. He had found
some discarded stale donuts behind a diner and was no longer hungry. 

&nbsp;

Fed and clothed,
he felt pretty good. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly, he
heard men yelling and a horn beeping repeatedly. He spun around to see what was
going on.

&nbsp;

Behind him was a
beat up red pick up truck. There were at least two men in the cab and more in
the back. It had just turned into the alley. 

&nbsp;

It was headed his
way, the driver pounding on the horn. The men in the back were yelling and
shaking their fists. 

&nbsp;

He started
running. His flip flop flew off his foot. 

&nbsp;

A good 440 runner
and sprinter, he had speed but with no shoes and no knowledge of where he was,
he was handicapped. 

&nbsp;

Being the cocky
god like creature he thought he was, he was not afraid. He had always won. The
truck couldn't drive through the yards and no one could catch him on foot. 

&nbsp;

He crossed the
street and started running cross country through yards, thinking they couldn't
catch him in the grass. 

&nbsp;

He easily hurdled
hedges and low fences loping along like a buck deer through the meadow. 

&nbsp;

Neighbors,
hearing all the noise, looked out to see what the commotion was all about. 

&nbsp;

They saw a tall
powerfully built nearly naked young man streak through the back of their yard. 

&nbsp;

The shower
curtain was streaming behind him, fully exposing his pumping ass. 

&nbsp;

Many laughed,
while others yelled at him, calling him a pervert. 

&nbsp;

A few of the
younger men joined the chase. 

&nbsp;

The men standing
in the back of the truck spotted him again and directed the driver on a
parallel path, easily keeping pace with him. 

&nbsp;

Their prey was in
sight. They knew who they were chasing and why. This was great sport! 

&nbsp;

After 3 blocks,
finally running all out, he was tiring quickly and stopped. 

&nbsp;

His side was
stitching and the scratches along his lower legs and thighs were beginning to
burn. 

&nbsp;

He was sweating
despite the cool temperature. 

&nbsp;

He didn't realize
it but his improvised poncho was sticking to him, making it almost invisible. 

&nbsp;

He was virtually
nude again! 

&nbsp;

Seeing their
chance, the men in the back of the truck had the driver stop. 

&nbsp;

They jumped out
of the truck bed and gave chase on foot. 

&nbsp;

Catching his
second wind, Brian, knowing he was very fast, figured he could out run anyone. 

&nbsp;

What he didn't realize
was that his pursuers were most of the defensive backfield of the opposite team
in the Big Game. 

&nbsp;

These guys had
speed almost equal to his and they were fresh while he was winded. 

&nbsp;

Within a half a
block they had tackled him and had him pinned down on his belly, two of them
sitting on him. These were big powerful pissed off men. He wasn't going
anywhere. 

&nbsp;

To make matters
worse, the twine had broken and the curtain no longer covered him. What did
cover him was transparent. 

&nbsp;

His perfect
muscular ass was exposed. He was breathing heavily, covered in dew from the wet
grass and barefoot. 

&nbsp;

Luke walked up
and grabbed him by the hair, yanking his head back. 

&nbsp;

Spitting in his
face he yelled, &quot;well, pervert, we've got you now. You're going to be
sorry you asshole. I've been looking forward to this since my Mom called me.
Brian isn't it?&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian's heart
sank. This guy knew who he was! He was caught! He was screwed! 

&nbsp;

Little did Brian
know how prophetic that thought was. 

&nbsp;

Part 3

&nbsp;

Chapter 5, The
Punishment

&nbsp;

One of his
buddies had picked up the twine during the chase and gave it to Luke. 

&nbsp;

Even though Brian
struggled, with the help of his buddies, Luke easily tied Brian's hands crossed
behind his back. 

&nbsp;

Pulling out his
clasp knife, Luke cut a long thin strip from the curtain and used it to
temporarily tie Brian's ankles together. 

&nbsp;

Catching their
breath, the hunting group rested while Luke flipped his cell phone and called
his Mom. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Mom, we got
the bastard over on Maple Street
and have him tied up. We'll be over to your place in a couple of minutes.
Before we leave we want to warm him up first.&quot;

&nbsp;

Mary said,
&quot;Great, son, the laundry is filling up with the Sunday morning woman's
group like usual and I have been filling them in. They've been calling all of
their friends to come over. A lot of the neighbors heard all the noise and
they're on their way too. Your Uncle is coming and told me to tell you not to
hurt him too bad or you'll be in trouble too.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Great, Mom,
we'll be over in a bit.&quot;

&nbsp;

Hanging up his
phone, Luke told his buddies about the audience that was building and told them
he wanted to do a little preliminary punishment before they left for his Mom's.


&nbsp;

With his hand's
and feet tied, held down by two linebackers, Brian was helpless. He was also
getting very worried. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
Brian, I don't think you know who we are, do you?&quot; growled Luke. 

&nbsp;

Brian didn't know
and pleaded that he didn't intentionally streak Luke's Mom, that someone had
stripped and dumped him there. 

&nbsp;

&quot;We all know
you're full of shit Brian. You're a pervert and probably do this all of the
time. You don't have your buddies to protect you this time. You just got caught
this time and by the defense of the North Central football team. We're not
going to let you go until you get what's coming to you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian, gasped,
really frightened now. These guys hated him! He started struggling again but
gave up almost immediately when he realized there was no way he could break
free. 

&nbsp;

Luke began
pulling out his belt. Understanding immediately, several of the other men did
the same. 

&nbsp;

Luke's buddy,
John said, &quot;well, it was your Mom so you give the first licks. Leave some
for us!&quot;

&nbsp;

Doubling his
belt, with the buckle in his hand, Luke swung the belt over his head and
brought it down hard on Brian's ass, right across the plumpest part. Instantly
a white stripe appeared that quickly turned very red and swelled into a welt. 

&nbsp;

His buddies
cheered and John said, &quot;that was a good one, stopping there?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Not
hardly,&quot; Luke said and continued to flail away at Brian's reddening ass
and thighs. 

&nbsp;

Finally, getting
winded, Luke stopped. &quot;Ok guys, your turn.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Luke stepped
back, rethreading his belt into his pants. 

&nbsp;

Brian was trying
to escape the blows that were rapidly turning his ass and thighs redder and
redder, changing from bright pink to blood red in no time. He could do nothing
to avoid the blows. 

&nbsp;

Brian's enemies
were big strong pissed off men and were not holding back. They were paying
Brian back for their humiliation the previous year and for perving Luke's Mom.
They were on a mission. 

&nbsp;

Brian had never
felt such pain. Even on the football field, where he had taken a lot of hard
hits. 

&nbsp;

He begged them to
stop but all they did was laugh at him. 

&nbsp;

He started
crying, promising them anything if they would please stop. 

&nbsp;

But they wouldn't
stop. 

&nbsp;

They enjoyed his
cries for mercy, his pleading, his screams. He was getting what he deserved. 

&nbsp;

Finally, Luke
called a halt to the fun, reaching down with his knife, he cut the rest of the
curtain from Brian's shoulder and back. 

&nbsp;

Brian was nude
again, covered only by mud, some odd leaves and twigs. His body was wet from
sweat and dew, glistening in the morning sun. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Turn the
bastard over. Its time to get him up and over to my Mom's. She has a surprise
waiting for him.&quot;

&nbsp;

Despite the
beating and the humiliation from the whipping, Brian feared this more. 

&nbsp;

Luke cut the
plastic strip holding his ankles and they stood him on his feet, holding him
firmly by his strong arms and wrists. 

&nbsp;

Brian tried to
bend over to hide his tiny package but Luke kicked him square in his sore ass,
straightening him. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly John
noticed Brian's tiny prick and nuts and yelled, &quot;no wonder he was running
so fast, his dick is smaller than my kid brother's!&quot;

&nbsp;

Kicking his legs
apart, John cried, &quot;look at that tiny thing. It's like a clit. Brian's a
big girl.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Not believing it,
they all had a look and started roaring with laughter. 

&nbsp;

Brian blushed
from head to toe. His secret had been exposed to his worst enemies. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, since
he's a big girl, maybe he sucks cock like a girl,&quot; said John. 

&nbsp;

Thinking it over,
Luke said, &quot;Not now, I promised my Mom we would warm him up and bring him
over to the laundry. He's warm enough for now. Bring him over to the
truck.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian breathed a
sigh of relief until it dawned on him that Luke had said, &quot;not now.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Chapter 6, The
Showers

&nbsp;

Dragging the nude
wide receiver to the truck, John said, &quot;We can't take this filthy bastard
to your Mom's laundry. He'll get the clothes dirty and he's not riding in my
clean truck. I just washed it!&quot;

&nbsp;

Luke, thinking
the same thing as they dragged Brian along, had an idea. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Retie his
hands in front of him,&quot; Luke said. &quot;Take him to the back of the
truck.&quot;

&nbsp;

Luke pointed to a
coil of rope in the back of John's truck said, &quot;Tie his hands with the rope
and attach the rest to the bumper hitch. Make sure the rope is only 6 feet
long. I have an idea.&quot;

&nbsp;

Liking any thing
that would humiliate their enemy more, the rest of them hastened to comply. 

&nbsp;

With Brian retied
behind the truck, Luke told the rest to climb in back. &quot;John, pull away
slowly and head for my Mom's.&quot;

&nbsp;

Slowly the truck
moved away, forcing Brian to jog behind them, his magnificent ass flexing and
spreading as he tried not to fall. 

&nbsp;

Luke, unzipped
his fly, pulled out his dick and started pissing on Brian, hitting him first on
the top of his blond head, then lower, hitting him in the face. 

&nbsp;

As Luke's stream
weakened, it continued to lower, finally hitting Brian in the belly just above
his blond pubic hair, running down his tiny cock and balls, rolling down his
thighs and calves to his bare feet. 

&nbsp;

Laughing at the
show, the rest lined up, betting who could hit him in the face, his eyes and
mouth, their piss continued to stream down his body. 

&nbsp;

Because of the
effort to keep up, and winded from the chase and beating, Brian was gulping
down air, trying to feed his starving lungs. With his mouth open, trying to
breath, he was swallowing some of the piss, sometimes choking on it as it tried
to enter his lungs with his breath. It shot out of his nose as he coughed,
making it even harder to breath. 

&nbsp;

Normally a jog of
half a mile like this one would have been easy for Brian. But, he had been
coughing and trying not to breath through his mouth to avoid swallowing piss.
He was tiring fast and had already stumbled a couple of times, almost going
down.

&nbsp;

As they slowly
moved through the streets, Luke's neighbors and other town's people started
coming out of their houses to witness the spectacle. Luke yelled at them,
&quot;We caught the bastard that perved my Mom. It's that wide receiver from
Western!&quot;

&nbsp;

The whole town
had been humiliated by the defeat the previous year and they cheered as Brian
was being drenched, paraded through town. The pervert deserved it! 

&nbsp;

By the time they
reached Luke's Mom's place, Brian was soaked and breathless. However, he was
clean but for a thin yellow sheen, some mud and dust on his feet and ankles.
His mouth tasted horrible and he was naked with his tiny dick and balls even
more shriveled, chilled by the rush of air as he ran and the fall temperatures.
Every ragged breath smelled like piss. 

&nbsp;

Exhausted, he
fell to his knees as they stopped behind the Laundromat. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 7, The Bath

&nbsp;

John parked in
the small lot behind Luke's Mom's place. The lot wasn't very big, just large
enough for a couple of cars and his truck. 

&nbsp;

Next door was the
town pet store where Jude's Dad made a good living as the town Vet and only pet
supply outlet for miles. 

&nbsp;

Luke got out of
the truck cab, came around the back and untied Brian. &quot;Get up asshole, we
need to hose you down before you go in. 

&nbsp;

Brian struggled
to his feet, his hands tied in front of him. He stood with his head bowed down,
wavering slightly on his big size 13 feet. 

&nbsp;

Jude,
understanding immediately, grabbed the long black hose at the back of his Dad's
store and started spraying down Brian with cold tap water, sluicing off the
piss and mud. The water poured off of Brian and into the pea gravel, running
slowly to the curbside storm drain. 

&nbsp;

While Jude was
hosing Brian, Luke went over to the dog run and reached inside for a large old
dog collar that was hanging from a long rusty chain made of twisted machine
links. He couldn't get the chain loose and it was too strong to break but the
collar unclipped easily. 

&nbsp;

When Jude was
satisfied, Luke put the collar on Brian, cut another 6 foot length of rope from
line in the truck and tied it to the collar as a leash. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Before we
go inside asshole, do you have to piss or shit? I don't want you messing up my
Mom's place?&quot; said Luke. 

&nbsp;

Brian said,
&quot;I need to pee.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, go
ahead faggot, piss. Just don't get any on yourself, we don't have time to hose
your off again,&quot; Said Luke. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What, here
in the open?&quot; Cried Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Quick
fucking around, shit head, of course here!&quot; said Luke. 

&nbsp;

Embarrassed,
Brian took his tiny pecker between two fingers and stated pissing towards the
storm drain as Jude ran the hose to help it along. The stream was thin but
strong and seemed to never end. 

&nbsp;

Luke yanked on
the leash, &quot;Are you going to take forever or are you holding back so you
can play with yourself, faggot?&quot; laughed Luke. 

&nbsp;

When his head and
shoulders were pulled to the side, Brian's aim faltered and he pissed on the
rope still hanging from his tied wrists, spraying his crotch, thighs and Luke!

&nbsp;

Enraged that
Brian had pissed on him, Luke yanked on Brian's leash again while punching him
hard in the gut. Luke's granite fist sank into Brian's slack stomach,
seemingly, all of the way to Brian's spine. 

&nbsp;

His breath
violently forced out of him, this time, Brian went down to the gravel on his
hands and knees, still pissing on himself. 

&nbsp;

As Brian gasped
to regain his breath, Luke put his boot on Brian's flank and shoved him over on
his back, feet and tied hands flailing away like an inverted turtle. 

&nbsp;

While Luke held
the rope leash and stood on the rope tied to Brian's wrists, Jude hosed him
down again. This time Jude dialed the nozzle to the tightest stream to apply
the most force possible. He trained the harsh stream on Brian's face and chest,
down to his belly and held a steady blast on Brian's nuts. 

&nbsp;

Brian started to
curl himself up to protect his wounded nuts but two of the other men each
quickly grabbed an ankle and spread him wide, pulling his legs and ankles as
far as they could, almost into a perfect cheerleader splits. 

&nbsp;

Still breathless,
Brian couldn't even scream his agony. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Bring his
legs up here so Jude can get at the faggot's ass too,&quot; ordered Luke. 

&nbsp;

Laughing and
holding Brian's knees locked, Pete and Jed started walking Brian's legs up his
body, separating at Luke so Brian was bent in half with his ass wide spread and
open, exposing his tight virgin asshole to everyone. 

&nbsp;

Jude moved the
stream up and down, first on Brian's nuts and then on Brian's asshole, then
back again, trying to force water into him while punishing his nuts. 

&nbsp;

Jude was
succeeding. Clear water was first streaming into Brian and then shooting out,
no longer clean. Brian was humiliated and crying from the pain in his nuts and
belly. 

&nbsp;

Roaring with
laughter, the men kept their positions until the water ran clear and Luke tired
of the cruel game. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
enough Jude, rinse him off. We're running late,&quot; said Luke. 

&nbsp;

After Jude
changed the nozzle to a spray and finished, Pete and Jed released Brian's
ankles. 

&nbsp;

His legs sprang
forward, releasing the painful tension to his hamstrings and his feet slammed
into the ground. 

&nbsp;

Luke moved off
the rope holding his hands but held onto the leash. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Come along
pervert, my Mom's friends are waiting for you,&quot; said Luke. 

&nbsp;

Brian, fearing
more abuse, struggled to his feet again, straining at the leash to avoid
another blow to his already spasming gut. 

&nbsp;

Still unsteady on
his feet, dripping water and held by a leash, he was forced to follow Luke as
he opened the back door of the Laundromat. 

&nbsp;

He made a cute
picture, his rosy wet magnificent ass shining in the morning sun. 

&nbsp;

Part 4

&nbsp;

Chapter 8, The
Party

&nbsp;

As Luke, Brian
and the others entered the Laundromat, they were greeted by squeals of laughter
and excitement. 

&nbsp;

Inside, there
were 20 or 30 local women and a few middle aged men. 

&nbsp;

The men were
laughing and booing while the women began to heckle the big handsome jock. 

&nbsp;

He was pulled in
by Luke, the owner's son and Brian's enemy. 

&nbsp;

Brian had his
head down and he was wet and nude, having just been washed and flushed by Brian
and his buddies. 

&nbsp;

Brian's hands
were tied together at the wrists, cupped around his genitals to hide his shame.


&nbsp;

Less than 45
minutes earlier, Brian had been discovered by Luke's Mom. He was curled in a
ball sleeping nude on one of the folding tables. 

&nbsp;

He had surprised
the drowsy woman who grabbed the first weapon in reach to defend herself from
this pervert. Frightened, she had jabbed Brian in ass with the tip of a broom
then held him off while she screamed at him to get out. 

&nbsp;

Brian had awoken,
himself surprised at his state and location, then fled. 

&nbsp;

When Mary had
recovered. After recognizing the pervert, she had called her woman's group to
tell them what had happened. She told them that her son was bringing the
pervert back to the store and they all hurried over for the show. 

&nbsp;

Luke took the
rope attached to Brian's wrists and tossed it over one of the pipes overhead. 

&nbsp;

He hauled up on
it and stretched him tightly. 

&nbsp;

Then he tied the
loose end off to another pipe, securing Brian perfectly. 

&nbsp;

Brian's hands
were now pulled away from his tiny package, exposing him. 

&nbsp;

Seeing his
microscopic dick and balls, all the woman laughed. 

&nbsp;

Brian started
blushing again and started to cry. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Look at the
little girl,&quot; one of the women screamed. &quot;He's balling.&quot;

&nbsp;

Luke took the
famous broom from his Mom, disconnected the rope leash from Brian's collar and
cut it in two. 

&nbsp;

With the help of
his team mates, he tied each end of the broom to Brian's legs, spreading them
about 4 feet. 

&nbsp;

With the short
length of rope holding his wrists, that lifted him off the floor, suspending
him. 

&nbsp;

Now, he was
hanging like a piï¿½ata. 

&nbsp;

There he hung,
naked and exposed, his wet dick and balls hanging out in front of dozens of
clothed women. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
ladies, he's all yours,&quot; said Luke, grinning. 

&nbsp;

Stunned by the
opportunity to do what they wanted to the hunk with the tiny package, the room
was silent as the church they had just left. 

&nbsp;

Finally, a young
woman about 25 walked up to him, reached around and grabbed his left ass cheek.
She pulled gently and started him to twirl around slowly. 

&nbsp;

As he spun
around, his red welted magnificent ass came into view. 

&nbsp;

Several of the
women gasped, not from the welts but from the perfect shape of the wide
receiver's beautiful butt. 

&nbsp;

One woman sighed,
&quot;What a waste of a great ass.&quot;

&nbsp;

Emboldened, the
young woman started to stroke Brian's inner thighs and butt, teasing the big
jock. 

&nbsp;

The woman was
also blond like Brian and very pretty. 

&nbsp;

Despite his
humiliation or perhaps because of it, his tiny dick started to stiffen.

&nbsp;

It finally got as
large and hard as it was going to get, three inches long and half an inch in
diameter. It was pulsing and bright red. 

&nbsp;

Giving up on the
athlete since she had him as hard as possible, the young woman stepped back to
be replaced by a harsh looking older woman who slapped his hard dick with her
lace gloved hand. 

&nbsp;

She reached over
to a table and pulled over a basket of spring loaded clothes pins. 

&nbsp;

Pinching bits of
his tiny ball sack, she attached ten of them to his balls, yanking and
stretching his scrotum to add as many as possible. 

&nbsp;

Next she took
another handful and started lining his dick from his balls to the tip. 

&nbsp;

Brian, was
pleading and crying in pain, begging her to stop. 

&nbsp;

The remaining
women stood silently, amazed at how many clothes pins that could be attached to
so tiny a package. 

&nbsp;

Finishing his
cock and balls, the harsh woman smiled and stepped back, calmly saying,
&quot;next.&quot;

&nbsp;

A couple of high
school cheerleaders, seniors, stepped up. They stood one in front and the other
in back and began tickling the big man. 

&nbsp;

He was laughing
and crying, tormented by the combination of tickling and the pain in his balls.
He was trying to pull his legs up to protect himself from the tickling but Luke
and one of the other football players held each end of the broom, preventing
Brian from curling and spinning while the two young women had their fun. 

&nbsp;

Finally after a
few minutes and with tears streaming down his face, the two women stopped and
made room for the next tormenter. 

&nbsp;

A tall middle
aged woman with black hair, reached into her sewing basket and pulled our a
long three quarter inch wide pink ribbon and cut it in two. She took one piece,
reached up and tied a big bow in Brian's collar D ring. She took the other
piece and tied another bow around his cock and balls, framing it. 

&nbsp;

Next a very heavy
older woman reached over to a hook on the wall and took down an old fashioned
fly swatter. She started smacking his ass and flanks as hard as she could,
brightening his already rosy butt. While she beat Brian, she cursed him for the
pervert he was. &quot;Your Mother should be ashamed at what a pervert you
are.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian still had a
very hard but red dick and balls, still covered in clothes pins. Despite the
punishment and exposure, he was still aroused. Realizing that the woman was
right, he cried harder, his shoulders shaking and his belly trembling. Tears
were still streaming down his face and snot started running from his nose. 

&nbsp;

Not to be left
out, a pretty Italian looking man, like a young Tony Curtis, stepped up and
asked Luke to release him so he could spin Brian around. After turning Brian so
everyone could see his perfect ass again, the man spread his meaty ass cheeks,
exposing Brian's pink asshole to everyone. The man asked one of the women to pour
some liquid laundry detergent on his finger. Then &quot;Tony&quot; used his
slippery dripping finger to stroke Brian's ass crack and clenched asshole,
pushing harder and harder on Brian's button. After a couple of minutes of
massaging Brian's rosebud, Brian's butthole was weakening. He could not hold it
closed much longer. 

&nbsp;

His dick was
bouncing up and down, impossibly harder than before, precum starting to ooze
out. 

&nbsp;

A woman in her
40's hollered, &quot;Mary, you were safe, this big sissy is a homo. He loves
having his ass played with.&quot;

&nbsp;

The crowd laughed
at this observation. These were smart but unsophisticated people. They didn't
know that most of Brian's reaction was physiological and not because he was
gay. He didn't want to be gay, he was straight. He got hard ons, even though
they were small ones and invisible, when he watched the varsity cheer leaders
practice with football team. But the inexperienced and sheltered Brian was not
so sure now.

&nbsp;

Brian begged him
to stop but the man persisted. Brian knew he was getting more excited and was
getting ready to cum. If the finger went in, he would shoot cum everywhere,
further disgracing himself and proving to everyone including himself that he
was a homosexual. 

&nbsp;

Just as Brian's
asshole started to give and the tip of the man's finger started to enter him,
&quot;Tony&quot; stopped. 

&nbsp;

The crowd and the
man heard a siren. It was getting louder and louder. Fearing they would get
into trouble, they all ran for the exits, trying to get away before the police
arrived. 

&nbsp;

Mary had called her
brother from the county sheriff's office earlier. She knew she was ok but let
everyone leave without explaining. It was time for the party to end. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 9, The
Cops to the Rescue?

&nbsp;

Finally it was
just Brian, Luke and Luke's Mom. 

&nbsp;

Luke's teammates tried
to stay but Luke told them it would be ok and they drifted out, promising to
get together later and make sure all was well. 

&nbsp;

Officer
Frankovich, Mary's brother, pulled up in his squad car and turned off his
siren, leaving his emergency lights running. 

&nbsp;

Joe ran to the
door and slowed down as he entered, seeing Brian strung up and helpless. 

&nbsp;

Brian was no
danger to anyone that way. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks for
coming Joe. We got the bastard as you can see'&quot; Mary said. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I see that
Mary, but I think it best I take him from here,&quot; said Joe. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Luke, help
me get him down.&quot;

&nbsp;

Together, both
holding him up to slacken the rope and Mary cutting it with Luke's knife, they
took Brian down from the ceiling. 

&nbsp;

Mary asked if she
could remove the clothes pins, knowing it would hurt more coming off then going
on when the blood rushed back to refresh the deadened nerves. 

&nbsp;

Joe said fine and
she took her time, smiling as Brian howled while she removed them slowly, one
at a time. 

&nbsp;

Finally, all of
the clothes pins were removed as was the broom. 

&nbsp;

Joe cuffed one
wrist. Luke cut the bindings and Joe pulled Brian's other wrist behind him,
cuffing his wrists behind him. 

&nbsp;

Joe told Brian he
was under arrest for disturbing the peace, vagrancy, indecent exposure,
aggravated assault, resisting arrest and attempted rape. He read him his
rights.

&nbsp;

Saying good-bye
to his sister and nephew, Joe left the Laundromat and placed Brian into the
back of his squad car. 

&nbsp;

When Joe pulled
away, Mary went into the storeroom and ejected the video tape from the
surveillance camera and put it with another one. She had copy's of both of the
events, the original attempted &quot;assault&quot; and the subsequent party. 

&nbsp;

Joe would get the
first one for evidence. 

&nbsp;

The other one was
for Luke's High School Home Coming party, two weeks from now. 

&nbsp;

Joe drove at a
moderate speed with Brian sobbing in the back seat. Neither spoke as they moved
along. 

&nbsp;

After several
minutes, Brian's sobs stopped and he sat there, silent and in shock. 

&nbsp;

Twenty minutes
later, Joe pulled up to the county lockup and took the nude handcuffed Brian
out of the back seat and across the parking lot to the front of the police
station.

&nbsp;

Since it was mid
morning just after church services, the streets were crowded with formally
dressed men, women and children, walking along the street. Seeing the nude man,
the mother's covered their children's eyes so they wouldn't see the pervert
being taken into the station. 

&nbsp;

A couple of local
high school boys were running along side of the officer and Brian, laughing and
taking digital pictures of the big doofus with the tiny dick and pink ribbons.
Luke had called ahead to alert them. 

&nbsp;

The men were
hollering at Joe to get the pervert inside off the street and into a cell. 

&nbsp;

Joe called back
that he had caught the rapist that attacked a women in the next town and he
would get him off the street right away. 

&nbsp;

Congratulating
the officer, the men and women went about their business. 

&nbsp;

Quietly, Joe told
Brian, &quot;You don't have to worry about any of the good citizens of this
town you pervert. Soon you'll have clothes and a nice warm cell to keep those
irate citizens from hurting you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian thanked the
officer for saving him earlier and for getting him clothing since right now,
his only clothing was a collar and two pink ribbons that no one bothered to
remove earlier. 

&nbsp;

Smiling, Joe,
took Brian into the lockup to process him. Yeah, soon Brian would have some
clothes and some very close friends. This was the lockup for sexual predators
and perverts as well as some of the county's more dangerous career criminals
and it was very over crowded. Brian would be in the large general holding cell
until at least Monday and he wouldn't be lonely. 

&nbsp;

Joe took Brian
through the booking process, prints and photos, then to the jailer for in
processing and holding for Monday arraignment. 

&nbsp;

Part 5 

&nbsp;

Chapter 10,
Brian's New Friend

&nbsp;

Joe left the lock
up and got in his patrol car. As he was pulling out of the parking lot, his
cell phone vibrated. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hello, Joe
Frankovich.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Joe, this
is Mary. I forgot to give you the tape.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
tape?&quot; asked Joe. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The motion
activated video surveillance system Luke Sr put in the Laundromat recorded what
happened when that pervert came in. It turns out that two other men were with
him at the time. He was wrapped in a blanket and they took it with them when
they left. They seem to have brought him in and left him. He looks a little
strange on the video, like he was dazed or drugged or something.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll pick
the tape up on Monday and review it before court. If what you're saying is
correct, we have some other men involved that we need to arrest as well. It's
possible that Erickson was telling the truth and he didn't know how he got
there. Either that or it was some elaborate conspiracy. Either way, the
prosecutor will want to review the tape before arraignment as well. Thanks for
alerting me. Is everything else OK? Are you and Luke OK?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Everything
is fine. Give me a call when you plan to come for the tape. I'll keep it with
me to keep it safe. Have a nice rest of the weekend.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;See you
tomorrow.&quot; Joe said. 

&nbsp;

*****************

&nbsp;

While Joe and
Mary where talking, Brian was waiting for the processing sergeant. He was
facing the wall opposite from the door, trying to hide his naked crotch. 

&nbsp;

The sergeant was
as tall as Brian but no where near as fit. He had to be close to 300 pounds
like an interior lineman. In addition, his coloring was almost exactly opposite
that of Brian. While Brian was light skinned, blond and with violet eyes, the
sergeant was olive skinned, black haired and with dark brown eyes. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well
pervert, it's time to get you settled. Hold still so I can take those cuffs
off.&quot;

&nbsp;

When the cuffs
were removed, Brian rubbed his wrists to remove the creases in his skin. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Place your
feet in the footprints painted on the floor and put your hands behind your
neck.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian, not
wanting to cause any more trouble, complied with the sergeant's orders. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't get
jumpy now boy, I am going to search you for contraband and weapons.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;OK officer.
I'm ready,&quot; said Brian. 

&nbsp;

First, the
sergeant ran his rough hands under Brian's arms, combing the hair for needles,
blades and drugs. 

&nbsp;

Second, he
unbuckled Brian's collar and removed it, throwing it into a small card board
box on the table behind him. 

&nbsp;

Next, he ran his
hand through his short blond hair. 

&nbsp;

He had Brian
stretch his arms out to his side and spread his fingers, searching between them
and in his palms. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Turn
around,&quot; said the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

Brian complied. 

&nbsp;

For the first
time, the sergeant looked down at Brian's genitals and nearly froze in shock. 

&nbsp;

Brian's tiny cock
and balls were an ugly mass of raw meat. His balls were very red and irritated,
covered with small bruises from the clothes pins but his cock was worse. It had
several raw scrapes and scratches caused by the pins when his cock engorged
with blood earlier while the man massaged his virgin asshole. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Shit boy,
what happened to your cock and balls? You better quit wacking off for a while
and let it heal or it will stay that way. Well, doesn't matter now. The ribbon
is cute but it is not permitted in the jail. Remove it and hand it over.&quot; 

&nbsp;

The sergeant took
the pink ribbon and threw it in the box with the collar and other ribbon. 

&nbsp;

Laughing, the
sergeant ordered, &quot;OK, Lift your cock up so I can check under it. Now your
balls, such as they are.&quot;

&nbsp;

Blushing, Brian
complied again. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Bend over
and spread your cheeks.&quot;

&nbsp;

Never having been
through a search and nervous, Brian bent over and spread the cheeks of his
face. 

&nbsp;

Losing patience
with Brian, the sergeant slapped Brian hard on the ass. &quot;Real funny smart
ass, your other cheeks.&quot;

&nbsp;

Blushing, Brian
reached back and pulled his tender welted butt cheeks open, exposing his tight
pink asshole. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok,
pervert, stand up and open your mouth. If you bite me asshole, you will wish for
death after I finish with you.&quot;

&nbsp;

The Sergeant put
on a pair of latex gloves and using one finger, he poked around in Brian's
mouth looking for hidden drugs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Lift your
tongue up, left, right. OK, close your mouth.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, smart
ass. Lean over and put your hands on the edge of the table in front of you and
stay there until I tell you can let go.&quot;

&nbsp;

Spreading some
lubricant on his index finger and middle finger, the sergeant slowly inserted
his index finger in Brian's asshole, twirling it slowly, searching it for
contraband. Not finding any, he started to insert his other finger just for
fun. Brian was very tight and started to whimper in pain as the sergeant
relentlessly inserted the second finger. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, jerk
off, you're pretty tight and very clean. I think you're going to be very
popular around here. Our clients love pretty boys with tight butts.&quot;

&nbsp;

Shaking in shame,
Brian tried to stand up, the sergeant's fingers still in his ass. 

&nbsp;

The sergeant
pushed Brian back down with is other hand and began to slowly saw his finger's
in and out of his ass. 

&nbsp;

After a while,
the pain was almost gone. Shit thought Brian, it was starting to feel good. 

&nbsp;

Brian's tiny dick
started to stiffen and his ass started to wiggle involuntarily, seeking the
best angle for the first sexual contact he had ever had. 

&nbsp;

Sensing that
Brian was beginning to enjoy the humiliating inspection, the sergeant pulled
his fingers out and told Brian to stand. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, we're
through with the inspection and since you're so clean, a shower won't be necessary.
It's time to find you something to wear instead of those cute ribbons. We have
a lot of extra clients right now due to the hurricanes in the south. We're
housing a lot of other perverts that had to be moved to safer ground. If it
were me, I would have left them behind to drown but they didn't ask my opinion.
We don't have a lot of clothes right now but we'll find you something. Then
we'll put you in a holding cell with some people you're sure to get along
with.&quot;

&nbsp;

The sergeant
rooted around in some baskets behind him and pulled out what looked like a
small orange clump of rags. The sergeant shook them out and was holding what
was left of a one piece orange coverall with the word PRISONER stenciled across
the front and back. The legs of the coverall were cut off at the crotch and the
sleeves had been removed as well, leaving a sort of baby doll nighty effect. 

&nbsp;

But since they
would cover the naked jock a lot better than he was now, Brian eagerly took the
clothes from the sergeant and slipped them on without even asking for
underwear. They were a little small and the zipper wouldn't go much up past his
navel. Still they were a lot better than nothing. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Stand up
straight shit head, let's see how they look.&quot;

&nbsp;

The coveralls
were the right size, well, maybe one size too small but Brian was not built
like a normal man. The waist had plenty of room and the crotch was a little
snug but not that bad. It fit pretty well across his athletic ass, maybe a
little snug. The problem was, with all the weight training, Brian's chest was
over developed. He had the equivalent of a B size cup from his muscular pecs
and his broad shoulders and chest made it impossible for the zipper to close.
Brian's miniscule package made no impression on the cloth. It was as if he had no
cock or balls. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Jumping
jacks, now!&quot; ordered the sergeant, smiling. 

&nbsp;

Used to
calisthenics and not wanting to piss the big man off, Brian quickly complied. 

&nbsp;

After walking
around the exercising jock a couple of times, the sergeant called a halt. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, feet
at shoulder width, bend over, touch your toes and hold until released.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian had done
this exercise thousands of times and swiftly responded, thinking nothing of it.
As his fingers were about to touch his toes, the one piece outfit rode up and
Brian got a self imposed wedgy. Flinching, Brian started to rise. The sergeant
had anticipated the move and held his big hand on Brian's back, forcing him
back down, holding him. Wincing, Brian kept the painful position.

&nbsp;

The sergeant
walked around the big jock, inspecting the uniform again. Everything fit well
enough except for the bottom. Brian's butt cheeks were almost fully exposed
since the crotch of the coveralls had pulled tightly into his ass crack.
Brian's flanks were exposed like he was wearing French cut woman's panties. His
rosy red ass was in full view.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
they're not the best clothes and not up to our usual standard but they fit good
enough for now and if you make bail tomorrow, you will go home in regular
clothes. So, these are temporary. Since you're a vagrant, officer Fankovich
called the public defender's office after he dropped you off. Your attorney
will be here later today or tomorrow morning before you see the Judge. I
understand this one has more than a couple of Brian cells and you'll get good
representation. You were lucky to be arrested by Joe. He's a good guy. You'll
get fair treatment here. Behave and just pray you don't get Judge Joshua. He's
a real prick.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;We'll get
you a pair of shoes and socks and move you to your cell for the night. What
size shoe do you wear?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Size 13
double E,&quot; replied Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, I
have a 14 in boondocks and some good thick white socks. That should do it for
now. We normally don't have to supply shoes to our arraignment prisoners,&quot;
said the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

Brian sat on the
bench and pulled the long socks over his feet and up his legs. Then he put the
heavy ankle high shoes on. They fit a little big but would be ok. 

&nbsp;

Brian stood up
and the sergeant checked him out. The boots were like those used for utility in
the navy, ankle high and black. The bright white socks came up to just below
Brian's knees. The faded orange jump suit was no longer pulled into his ass but
the lower part of his red cheeks were still visible as was the top of his belly
and the middle of his hairy chest. His pecs pushed the top out like he had tits
and with Brian's package so small, the crotch fit smoothly like a girl's. The
magnificently built jock was a wet dream, buff and nearly naked, his muscular
smooth legs and round firm ass almost making the straight sergeant drool. His
outfit was an invitation for abuse, just as the sergeant intended. His buddy
Joe and his nephew would be pleased. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, you're
ready to meet your roommates for the night. Move ahead through that door.&quot;
barked the grinning sergeant. The sergeant had lost $500 on last year's game
and his wife reminded him of it almost daily. Maybe he could recover his loses
and get enough to buy her something nice to finally shut her up. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank you
officer,&quot; replied the apprehensive Brian. 

&nbsp;

Part 6

&nbsp;

Chapter 11, Brian
Meets His Roommates

&nbsp;

(Author's note:
My thanks to SlvGina for his technical advice and help with this chapter. It
was invaluable.)

&nbsp;

Carrying a
stained pillow and blanket in front of him, Brian and the sergeant walked down
the hallway in the small cell block. There had been two heavy metal doors at
the entrance, one to the women's cells and the other to the larger male
facility. 

&nbsp;

Starring down the
narrow hallway, Brian saw bars on either side, no real walls. On the right were
what looked like two large cells followed by 8 or 10 smaller ones. The other
side had nothing but smaller cells. Each of them had a stainless steel sink and
toilet, the toilet without a seat. The toilets were in the middle of the larger
cells but against the walls in the smaller ones. 

&nbsp;

All of the cell
walls were lined with yelling, laughing men. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Fresh
meat.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey new
fish, share my cell, I've got something for you to suck on.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Cute
outfit, girl. Did you make that yourself just for me or do you always walk
around looking like a cocksucker.&quot;

&nbsp;

The sergeant
didn't interfere with the fun, preferring the men to intimidate Brian further. 

&nbsp;

Finally, the
sergeant stopped in front of a cell filled with five white men. &quot;This is
the pervert cell. I can put you in with them or I have another cell with
regular criminals. Since this is your first time, I'll be nice and let you
chose.&quot; Brian didn't know what the sergeant knew. The &quot;pervert&quot;
cell was full of child molesters and he would be perfectly safe with them. 

&nbsp;

Brian foolishly
chose wrong. &quot;I'll take the other one officer, thanks for being so nice to
me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Laughing, the
sergeant pulled the big jock down the hall to the other cell. Inside were five
very black members of a male prostitute ring that had been arrested in Louisiana and relocated
due to the hurricane. They were in jail awaiting trial for prostitution,
assault, involuntary imprisonment, rape, and racketeering. They had been inside
for nearly four months with nothing to do but play with some rapists that were
rarely thrown into their cell as punishment. 

&nbsp;

Jamal, the
leader, winked to the sergeant. &quot;You'll get yours for this sergeant.&quot;
He said it as a threat. The sergeant knew there would be a nice present for him
when their lawyer came in next time. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Everyone
against the back of the cell. Hands on the wall, feet back 3 feet and lean in.
You know the drill,&quot; said the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

The gang
cheerfully complied, knowing that a beautiful new toy had been delivered to
them. 

&nbsp;

After they were
in position, the sergeant unlocked the cell and pushed the reluctant and
frightened Brian in. Slamming the cell door, the sergeant locked it and stepped
back. &quot;OK, you can let go of the wall now. You all play nice now.&quot;

&nbsp;

The sergeant
walked down the hall, chuckling as he got back to the heavy door. He buzzed the
jailer to let him out. Looking back, he could see four of the big black men
moving slowly and carefully towards Brian, big smiles on their faces. 

&nbsp;

Brian, fearfully
backed up against the corner bars of the cell, finally unable to retreat
farther and froze like a mouse in front of a snake. Suddenly, a man in the
adjacent cell, reached out and pinched Brian's ass, hard. 

&nbsp;

Closing the cell
block door, the sergeant reached up to a bank of switches and flipped one of
them, activating the surveillance cameras for that cell. He went back to his
office and inserted three fresh high quality commercial video tapes into the
recorders.

&nbsp;

Involuntarily,
Brian jumped away, right into the arms of one of the approaching men. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's so
cute, can't wait to play I see.&quot; One of them said. 

&nbsp;

The man grabbed
onto Brian's upper arm and wrist, twisting them behind him, turning Brian
around. He, pushed Brian up against the cell bars within reach of the
neighboring cell. The pinching neighbor reached out, slid one scared hand into
Brian's jump suit and pinched his right nipple as hard as he could. 

&nbsp;

Yelling, Brian
pushed away, his terrific ass pushing against the large thickening cock of his
captor. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Sweet ass
boy. I am going to love this. I haven't had me any pussy in months.&quot; Said
the gang member. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks for
the assist, Jimmy, you'll get a taste of him later for that,&quot; said Jamal.

&nbsp;

As Brian
continued to struggle, Jamal observed. Jamal was about 5 foot 11 inches and 185
pounds, athletically built and in good shape like someone that played sports
not too long ago. He was 24 years old and good looking. He had piercing
intelligent brown eyes that missed nothing. 

&nbsp;

Before him was
one of his men, playing with a very fit muscle boy. His man was giving Brian
just enough freedom so he could move around and rub his man's crotch with the
boy's perfectly shaped and by now, completely exposed and very red ass. 

&nbsp;

The other men in
his posse were standing back, their arms crossed, grinning and enjoying the
show. All of his men were taller than Brian, heavily muscled and built like
tree trunks. Solid muscle and bone, used to getting their own way and not
afraid of anyone except Jamal. They were also very ugly, most of them sporting
scars from battles for Jamal. 

&nbsp;

Seeing enough for
now, Jamal ordered a halt to the horsing around. &quot;That's enough, strip him
but don't rip the uniform, he'll need that in the morning. I don't want to get
our friend the sergeant in trouble. 

&nbsp;

All of them
joined in and together had no trouble removing Brian's boots, socks and
coverall, stripping off his clothing and his self respect. They weren't even
breathing hard. 

&nbsp;

Brian, however,
was winded and lying on his left side, partially curled up and pressed into the
cold concrete floor, nude again. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Bring him
over here Henry. Hold him over the shitter. The rest of you, I want that red
ass a lot redder. Take turns,&quot; Said Jamal. 

&nbsp;

While Henry held
Brian down over the top of the stainless steel commode, Nat started spanking Brian's
already welted ass, hand prints immediately appearing so vivid you could almost
see the finger prints. After 20, he switched with Frank who started at the top
of Brian's thighs and moved down to the middle of one leg and back up the
other. After 20, he too switched with Harris who spread his spanking across
both areas. 

&nbsp;

Brian's ass,
already welted and still sore from the strapping he got earlier was again
balling like a baby, begging them to stop. 

&nbsp;

The spanking
continued, the men, switching as before at 20 until Jamal heard what he wanted
to hear, Brian begging them to stop and promising to do anything if they did.
Jamal ordered a halt in the spanking after he heard it several times, sure now
that Brian was at least partially broken. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What's your
name pussy boy?&quot; asked Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Brian,&quot;
he croaked. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
Brian, I'm afraid you fell into the shit. You're naked and pretty and with five
horny men who are completely ruthless. We're all up for a number of serious
crimes and the government has us dead to rights. There is no way we're going to
get out of a lot of hard time so we have nothing to lose. So, I advise you to
cooperate and have fun or you will be beaten and raped and might not survive.
If you cooperate and do what we say and do it well, I guarantee you'll live and
might even enjoy it some. You know what they say, when rape is inevitable,
relax and enjoy it. Well, it's inevitable. Will you do what we say or should we
start beating you almost to death and fuck you anyway?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll do
what you say, just don't hurt me anymore,&quot; sobbed Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good, on
your knees with them spread wide and with your legs sticking out of the bars in
the front of the cell, back of your head against the bars.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Henry, you
caught him first, so you can have him first. Mouth only for now,&quot; ordered
Jamal. 

&nbsp;

With Brian
trapped in the bars, he couldn't go anywhere but was in a perfect position to
suck some cock. 

&nbsp;

Henry swiftly
shucked off his coveralls and boxers, leaving his boots on. He stroked his
stiffening dick, a good sized one, seven inches long and a couple of inches
across. He stood in front of the naked pussy boy. Slowly and deliberately he
painted Brian's lips with his precum. Then his cheeks and eyes, placing a glob
on the end of the young blondes nose. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Get your
mouth wet and stick out your tongue, boy.&quot; Ordered Henry. 

&nbsp;

Brian,
reluctantly stuck out his tongue, obviously trying to avoid touching his wet
lips. 

&nbsp;

Henry slapped him
lightly but enough to redden Brian's cheek. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Are you
trying to piss me off boy? Lick up that sweet cum.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian scrunched
up his face and licked. Finding it sort of sweet and sort of salty but not that
bad, he started licking more thoroughly, getting all there was. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
boy,&quot; said Henry. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, lick
my dick from the balls to the tip and use the wide part of your tongue. Get it
all and don't stop licking until I tell you,&quot; ordered Henry. 

&nbsp;

Brian started
licking, not finding it that bad. He closed his eyes and began licking
enthusiastically, afraid of further punishment. After a couple of minutes,
Henry's dick was soaking wet and it was obvious Henry was enjoying it. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, boy,
that's enough of that, start doing the same thing to my balls.&quot; Henry
shifted slightly, spreading his legs some to give Brian better access. 

&nbsp;

Brian started
licking again but this time the taste was a lot stronger, musky and bitter.
Still, not wanting any more pain, he hastened to comply. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
getting good at that pussy boy, but time for the main attraction. Make an O
with your lips, covering your teeth. Lick your lips and get ready for some Louisiana black snake.
If I feel any teeth, I'll knock them out and you'll be gumming our dicks and
your food from then on.&quot;

&nbsp;

Fitting his two
inch diameter dick head in the O formed by Brian's lips, Henry slowly but
relentlessly slid four inches of his thick cock into Brian's mouth. He started
slowly sawing his cock in and out. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Suck on it
you idiot, I'm not going to do all the work. Lick the bottom of my dick head
with your tongue on the in stroke and suck hard on the out stroke,&quot;
growled the excited Henry. 

&nbsp;

Brian was
learning, he swiftly followed instructions and Henry's dick started leaking
even more precum, filling Brian's mouth with fluid from his dick and saliva.
Having trouble swallowing with the thick black dick in his mouth, it was
drooling down Brian's chin, dripping to the floor in strings. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, now put
your right hand on my dick and stroke it while I pump your face,&quot;
instructed Henry. &quot;Use both hands, one on my dick and the other, pull my
balls down gently, massage them.&quot;

&nbsp;

The combination
of having the big white muscle boy at his knees slavishly sucking his dick and
Brian's increasing skill, brought Henry closer and closer. As he approached his
orgasm, his dick was going deeper and deeper. With Henry so tall and Brian
kneeling in a low position, Henry was able to force his thick cock almost
directly down Brian's throat, almost avoiding his gag reflex. First Henry held
onto the bars over Brian's head with both hands and drove in fast and pulled
back fast, almost gagging Brian, a couple of short strokes and then a long one.
Lubricated by all the spit and precum it was sliding easily into Brian's
throat, but not for long enough to cause Brian's gag reflex to take hold. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm going
to cum in your mouth bitch. Don't swallow it but hold it in your mouth. I want
to see it when I'm through.&quot; Henry released the bars and held Brian's
blond head in his huge black hands, immobilizing it. Then with a long loud
groan, his body shaking with tension, Henry reluctantly pulled his dick almost
out of Brian's hot wet mouth. He left just the large purple head just inside
Brian's ovaled sucking lips. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm cuming
you cocksucker,&quot; Henry roared. After five strong pumps of cum and several
weaker ones, Henry pulled all the way out with a pop and ordered Brian to tilt
his head back and open his mouth wide. There in his mouth was a huge quantity
of hot white cum, at least a couple of shot glasses worth. 

&nbsp;

To humiliate
Brian more, Henry asked the rest of them to take a look and see how much he had
pumped into the white boy, proud of his huge wad. After he was satisfied that
they had all seen it, Henry gave Brian another order. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok boy,
swish it around in your mouth to make sure you remember the taste.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian did as
ordered, his eyes clamped tightly shut like he would never open them again.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, put
your hands under your chin, allow my sweet cum to drool out of your mouth but
be sure to catch ever drop.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Very happy to get
the thick gooey cum out of his mouth, Brian eagerly complied, catching the huge
amount in his cupped hands as ordered. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Great boy,
you're doing well. Now, lick it up again and this time swallow all of that good
juice.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Gagging, Brian
forced himself to follow orders again, retching a couple of times as the thick
cum caught in his throat like he was trying to drink half a dozen small raw
eggs. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't you
have anything to say to Henry, boy?&quot; asked Jamal softly. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh, uh,
thank you Sir for letting me suck your big magnificent cock and swallow your
delicious cum?&quot; sobbed Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
attitude boy, I can see you're going to work out fine.&quot; Said Jamal.
&quot;Now that Henry has taken his mouth, time for his ass. You an ass virgin
boy?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I never had
sex of any kind, Sir,&quot; replied Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hear that
Henry, you're his first. He will remember you forever. Ok boy, crawl over
here.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jamal directed
Brian to drape his upper body across the end of an old army cot, put in the
cell to handle the overcrowding. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Put your
arms up on the cot as far up as you can. Grab the sides and don't let go or
we'll whip your ass good. Spread your legs as wide as possible.&quot; Ordered
Jamal. 

&nbsp;

Reaching over to
a beat up table next to the sink, Jamal got a bar of hand soap, rubbed up a
lather and started smearing it on Brian's butt crack. Every once in a while he
would stick a soapy finger in Brian's ass to lubricate him inside and out.
Jamal repeated this several times until Brian's ass was slick. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Henry,
since you're already done for now, straddle the cot and hold his wrists so he
stays put.&quot;

&nbsp;

With his already
lubricated fingers, Jamal pushed in his index finger and then his middle
finger. There was a lot of resistance with the middle finger and it went in
slowly but it was obvious to Jamal it wasn't the first time. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
tight boy but this is not the first time you've had something up that hot hole,
is it? Asked Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No Sir, the
sergeant had his fingers up there earlier checking for drugs,&quot; gasped
Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, he
didn't stretch you too bad so I'll forgive you for lying to me.&quot; Jamal
pulled his middle finger out and put his other index finger in along side the
other one. Jamal began pulling outwards with both hands, stretching the hell
out of Brian's tender hole. Brian whimpered at the burning pain but wisely
didn't protest. Jamal inserted the middle finger of one hand along with the
others and continued to stretch. Now, Brian was really hurting and couldn't
help himself. He began begging Jamal to stop. He was being ripped apart. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You'll be
thanking me and kissing these fingers later after Nat gets his monster in
there, even more when Frank busts your butt.&quot; Jamal pulled all of his
fingers out to soap them again. 

&nbsp;

Thinking his
ordeal was over, Brian sighed in relief. &quot;Thank you, Sir.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We're not
done yet fool, we're just starting.&quot; Jamal started where he left off last
time, inserting three fingers then four, pulling outwards and rotating his
hands together, first clockwise the counter clockwise and back to ream Brian's
tight virgin ass. The whole time Brian was puffing like a steam locomotive on a
steep grade, trying not to yell and piss off the ruthless man.

&nbsp;

After he was
satisfied that Brian was ready and would survive the fucking of his two largest
lieutenants, he stepped back and turned Brian's hot soapy ass over to Nat. 

&nbsp;

&quot;OK, Nat,
your turn. When you fuck that hot ass, don't tear him up too much, everyone
wants a shot and it's only 1 PM. Brian isn't due for his hearing until late
morning tomorrow. It's going to be long day and night so be sure there is
something left when you're done. Cum in his ass, the others can use it for
lube.&quot;

&nbsp;

Nat positioned
himself between Brian's wide spread legs and plunged his huge 9 inch dick into
the hot wet hole of the virgin white boy. He didn't stop the plunge until he
was balls deep. Brian, couldn't hold back and screamed in pain. The other
prisoners yelled insults at the poor former virgin, happy it wasn't them. 

&nbsp;

Jamal smiled and
his cock began to stiffen for the first time in ages. 

&nbsp;

Brian's day as a
pussy boy had begun at last. 

&nbsp;

The five men
would fuck him and force him to suck their cocks and the cocks of Jimmy and the
happy men in the adjoining cells until well into the night. At meal times they
threw a blanket over him to hide his increasingly filthy condition, telling the
knowing sergeant Brian had an upset stomach and wasn't hungry. 

&nbsp;

Finally around 4
AM, they tired of their sport, leaving Brian, sprawled on the cot, a river of
cum leaking out of his ass, running out of his nose and down his chin. His hair
was sticking together from cum and spit like it had been moussed. 

&nbsp;

At the end they
had put him on his back with his head hanging over the end of the cot while
they repeatedly fucked his mouth. He couldn't swallow it all. He couldn't even
close his mouth so it all just ran across his face, into his eyes and nose, and
onto his hair. 

&nbsp;

After his hair
could hold no more, the combination of cum and spit had formed a wedge shaped
curtain running from his forehead across to the crown and down to the floor
like a frozen waterfall. He looked like a male version of a cover for a
&quot;Gag Factor&quot; DVD. 

&nbsp;

He was exhausted.
Smiling, he passed out, happy they were finally done with his sore filthy body.
He had survived! 

&nbsp;

Around 6 AM, the
sergeant came into the cell block to wake everyone up. When he saw Brian's cum
covered state, he grinned widely and started counting the money he would get
for the surveillance tapes. There were web sites that would pay a fortune for
even a small piece of that day and night homosexual orgy. 

&nbsp;

He had watched
the beginning and end. The great thing was that it was obvious that Brian was
not being forced, he had cooperated with every order, ever command, just like
he was a lifelong cock sucker and butt fucker, a boy toy. Even better was the
smile on his face at the end. He looked like a well fucked pussy boy, happy in
his work. 

&nbsp;

Part 7

&nbsp;

Chapter 12, The Degenerate

&nbsp;

The sergeant
allowed Brian to sleep while he saw to the block's morning routine, taking
groups out for their morning shower and breakfast including the five smiling
gang members. Finally, once the rest of the block had been taken care of, the
sergeant had Jamal wake Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok
sunshine, I let you sleep in since you obviously had a busy night. Time to get
ready,&quot; said the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

Brian groggily
struggled up on his knees and then to his wobbly feet. He reached up and tried
to clear the dry cum and spit from his eyes. Finally, he was able to see well
enough to follow the beckoning sergeant. 

&nbsp;

The sergeant took
him by one arm to the washroom to shower and clean up. 

&nbsp;

***********

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, in
another part of the jail, officer Frankovich had returned from his sister's
house with copies of both video tapes. While there, his sister and nephew
agreed that Brian, the homo, couldn't have raped her and the assault was really
nothing, part of the hunt. They agreed with Joe that they didn't want Brian to
go to prison. Aside, Luke told Joe that he thought that Brian was an arrogant
asshole that must have had something to do with flaunting his body and still
deserved humiliation for punishment and to take him down a peg or two. Joe
agreed and told Luke he would take care of it and give Luke an opportunity to
get involved but this time with official sanction.

&nbsp;

Officer
Frankovich went to the jail offices looking for his buddy the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

Brian was back in
his cell and dressed again in his cut off jump suit and in the pervert cell,
&quot;because he had proven that was where he belonged after last night.&quot;
The sergeant just didn't want to have to deal with cleaning him up again before
the court appearance. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Sergeant,
how did it go last night with the pervert I brought in?&quot; said Frankovich. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well Joe,
best way to answer that is for you to see the surveillance tape,&quot; replied
the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

The sergeant put
one of the tapes, the only official one, into the player for Joe and put it in
fast play, starting from when Brian was in position to suck cock. After about
10 minutes, Frankovich said he had seen enough and it confirmed his sister and
nephew's opinion about Brian's orientation. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Sergeant, I
need that tape to take to the Prosecutor,&quot; said Joe. 

&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

Taking the tape
to the Prosecutor and explaining the complaining witnesses statements, he
recommended that the rape and assault charges be dropped. 

&nbsp;

Just then the
court appointed attorney, Phil Jones Esq. appeared and joined the conversation.


&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

A few minutes
later, Brian was taken to a conference room in cuffs to meet his attorney.
Jones introduced himself and told Brian, &quot;I have good news for you but
some hard choices as well.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;The complaining
witnesses, Mrs. and Mr. Slovinsky have dropped the attempted rape and assault
charges because they think you're gay. That's great news because those are two
of the worst charges. All you have to do is tell the Judge that you are in fact
gay and there won't be a problem there. I saw part of the surveillance tape
from your night in holding last night so that shouldn't be a problem for you,
right?&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian was
devastated, they had video of him doing all kinds of perverted stuff? What if
it got out, he would be destroyed? He would have to quit school and move. What
if he couldn't move and had to go to prison as a homosexual pervert? He would
never survive. He had barely made it one day, what would he do if he had to do
it for years? 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll tell
him I'm a homo if it will keep me out of jail and prevent that tape from
getting out,&quot; sobbed Brian. &quot;I can't spend more time in jail. I'll
die.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok, leave
everything to me. You don't have any problem with a long probation and some
community service, do you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,&quot;
brightened Brian. &quot;That would be great if you could arrange that.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok, I can
probably make that happen. You have to stop acting like a slut while I arrange
that. You can do that, can't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes Sir,
they forced me to do all that last night. I'm not a homo. I'm not a
pervert.&quot; Brian said strongly.

&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

Court had
convened and Judge Joshua, The Prick, was presiding. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The
Prosecutor tells me he does not want to press the attempted rape charge or
assault charge, essentially because you're gay. Is that the case boy? Are
you?&quot; asked the Judge. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
Sir,&quot; replied Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok, case
dismissed on those charges. Now to the other charges. Your attorney stipulates
you were in fact without funds when caught and your streak of the town caused
quite a ruckus, so I am going to find you guilty on the misdemeanor's of
Vagrancy and Disturbing the Peace and they each have a penalty of a year in
jail, instead of prison, and a thousand dollar fine.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;All that
remains is the Indecent Exposure charge. That's a felony with the penalty of up
five years in prison and a fine of up to ten thousand dollars as well as
registration on the sex offender's data base for the rest of your life. That
will surely cause you lots of trouble forever. I am assured that you will lose
your scholarship and your chances of getting a good job are zero after
that.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This is
your first offense and Officer Frankovich tells me there is some question of
how you ended up naked and running around town. He also told me you cooperated
and acted politely when you were taken into custody. As a result, I am inclined
to some mercy here.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;So, in
accordance with a plea bargain arranged by your attorney and the Prosecutor, I
am ruling you guilty of Vagrancy and Disturbing the Peace, sentence you to one
year in county jail for each charge, order the time to be served concurrently,
and a thousand dollar fine, penalties suspended while on probation for 5 years.
In addition, if you prove to be a decent citizen, meaning no further arrests
and I don't get any complaints from your probation officer, I will put the
charge of Indecent Exposure on hold and dismiss that charge at the end of your
probation. In addition, I sentence you to community service every Sunday during
college football season as defined by your University and the remaining
Saturdays and Sundays for the next twelve calendar months except during
football season if you're still on the University team next year, beginning the
first of this month. If you flunk out of college or fail to remain on the team,
your community service will be converted to a minimum five year salaried
position as if you worked for 40 hours at minimum wage with the cost of your
room and board coming out of your salary.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you
agree to those conditions?&quot; asked Judge Joshua. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, Sir,
thank you very much. I can do that, Sir. I promise you won't be
disappointed.&quot; Smiled the happy and relieved Brian Erickson. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Wise
choice, boy. Your community service conditions are as follows. During the
football season, you will spend every Sunday at the North Central
 High School to help out
at such times and in such conditions as directed by the Athletic Director, my
brother William Joshua or his designee. When the season is not in effect, the
same conditions apply on both Saturday and Sunday. Mr. Joshua will also serve
as your probation officer and will be giving me regular reports on your
progress. If I hear a single complaint from him, you will immediately start
serving your one year sentence in the same jail you spent the night, pay the
thousand dollar fine and will be held for trial on the indecent exposure
charge. Do you understand that boy?&quot; ordered Judge Joshua. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Sir.&quot; Said Brian, a lot less happy since he would be under the thumb of
the rival team's head coach. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You will be
immediately taken to North
 Central High
  School and will spend the remainder of the day on
community service and will be returned to your residence by your probation
officer or his designee before 8 PM tonight.&quot; Ordered Judge Joshua.
&quot;Court is dismissed.&quot; And he banged his gavel. 

&nbsp;

His attorney told
Brian he had cleared Brian to leave with his jail clothes since they were
considered damaged anyway. He took him out of the court house and to a waiting
van, were Coach Joshua waited, grinning. 

&nbsp;

I'll check on you
in a month or so Brian,&quot; said the attorney and he left. 

&nbsp;

Coach Joshua told
Brian, &quot;I can't wait to get you back to the school, you son of a bitch.
You're mine.&quot;

&nbsp;

Oh shit, thought
Brian, what have I got myself into?

&nbsp;

&quot;Get into
that van and strip out of that rag. I have a uniform for you. I think you'll
recognize it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Brian reluctantly
got into the van and stripped, remembering what the judge said about complaints
and remembering last night's homosexual orgy. 

&nbsp;

Nude again, Brian
sat on the cold vinyl seats, sticking to them and worried about what was next. 

&nbsp;

The coach pointed
to a small box between the seats and told him his uniform was in it. 

&nbsp;

Brian opened the
box and there inside were the collar and soiled pink ribbons he had taken off
the previous day! 

&nbsp;

&quot;You know
how they fit faggot, put them on.&quot; Ordered his probation officer. 

&nbsp;

When his uniform
was on, the coach told Brian, &quot;Lean over and pull out my dick, homo.
You're going to suck my cock all the way back. Make sure I enjoy it and make
sure I don't cum before we get there or your ass will be redder than it was
yesterday. I was in a fraternity too boy and I kept my paddle.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Most of the
team this year is returning Juniors and they're waiting at the gym. I
understand you're a pro at sucking cock and taking it up the ass. Well, they
can't wait to try you out and my cousin, sergeant Joshua, gave me a copy of
your surveillance tape from last night and the one of the party at the
Laundromat. That will show the team what a wimp their rivals had as a wide
receiver and give them some idea how to treat you. Also, in two weeks, we're
having homecoming and the rest of last year's team will be here.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;By the way,
I have designated four alternates for probation officer.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Throwing the jail
coveralls out the window, the coach said, &quot;I hear your frat brothers are
used to seeing you naked. You won't be needing these. Two of your fraternity
brothers, Matt and Mark, I think they are, were on the surveillance tape from
the Laundromat and Joe has had a talk with them. Since they were in on your
indecent exposure plan, they along with you would be guilty of criminal
conspiracy which would result in up to ten years in prison and a heavy fine.
Since they would rather not deal with that, they have agreed to assist me as
designated probation officers while in the frat house and around campus. You'll
be happy to learn they will be taking you back to the frat in your uniform.
They will also warn me if you try to quit school or run away, making you an
instant fugitive for a sex crime and should you run, theyï¿½ve agreed to turn
Stateï¿½s Evidence and testify you blackmailed them into a conspiracy to commit a
sex crime, adding two more crimes to your trial. Youï¿½ll be in prison for a very
long time.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Bruno from
your team is an alum from North Central and has agreed to assist as your third
designated probation officer while you're at practice and at away games.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;To assist
me with your community service at the high school, on loan to the Junior
College and for any 'community outreach' programs, as I like to call them, Luke
Slovinsky, will be your fourth designated probation officer.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Since Matt,
Mark, Bruno and Luke will be serving their duties unpaid, to compensate them a
little, I have invited them to the gym event tonight. They will be seeing
excerpts from the Laundromat party and the surveillance tape of your cell last
night along with the team. I'll show them after highlights of the whipping we
took last year, courtesy of you and your team.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh, by the
way, my business partner, Jamal, gave me a lot more tricks to teach you and
will be advising me on your movie career in gay BDSM porn. Out takes from the
two surveillance tapes will be combined into your first movie release.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;At the end
of a year, you'll be the best damned pussy boy, Indiana ever saw!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Now, get
started sucking my cock, it's a very boring drive back to the High
School,&quot; laughed Coach Joshua heartily. 

&nbsp;

Copywrite 12-2-2005 TX
6-295-601

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The sequel to
this story, Brianï¿½s Revenge is coming soon. 

&nbsp;

In the mean time,
since you got this far, you must have enjoyed the story. Authors that
contribute to this site are unpaid. Their only compensation for your
entertainment is your votes and comments. Please support the authors on this
site by voting for their stories. I know I would appreciated it. If you thought
that Brian was badly treated in this story, donï¿½t forget to read the sequel,
Brianï¿½s Revenge, coming soon. 














Part 8, Brianï¿½s Revenge





 
  Douglas B Stoxen
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  25
  2007-05-20T14:15:00Z
  2007-05-20T14:15:00Z
  16
  4865
  27732
  CitiGroup
  231
  65
  32532
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Brianï¿½s Sleep Walking Adventure

&nbsp;

Parts 1-7 were
originally posted to a newsgroup. Many of the group members thought I had
treated Brian badly while others disagreed, thinking he got what he deserved
for cheating with steroids. To give the story a ï¿½happierï¿½ ending, I added this
sequel, part 8, to the story. I hope you enjoy it. 

&nbsp;

My thanks to
SlvGina for her help in developing the character of Brianï¿½s Uncle and my thanks
to the nice Louisiana family I met at a bar in
North New Jersey who helped with the character
of Jamal. 

&nbsp;

Part 8, Brianï¿½s Revenge

&nbsp;

Chapter 13 

&nbsp;

This story contains scenes
of spanking, forced homosexuality and oral sex as well as other erotic themes
involving adult men of college age or older. If such subjects are offensive,
uninteresting or if you are a minor (i.e., child) please leave now. All
persons, names, places, events, and descriptions, are purely fictional. Any
resemblance to actual persons, names, places, events, or descriptions, is
totally unintentional and a pure coincidence This work is copyright by the
author and commercial use is prohibited without permission. Personal/private
copies are permitted only if complete including the copyright notice. The
author would appreciate your comments -- pro and con, including constructive
criticism, and suggestions. 

&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

It was Monday
night at the Gym and three young college men sat in the Coach's office,
silently while another paced, agitated. The other three were still and somber
while the fourth was excited and smiling. 

&nbsp;

Matt was thinking,
I'm screwed, I am going to be a pimp and prostitute's bouncer because I was a
drunken bastard and screwed up one of my Fraternity brothers. He's in a lot of
trouble and it's my fault. If I don't go along, I'll be a prostitute as well,
and might get beaten to death and raped too. 

&nbsp;

Mark was
thinking, I've got to leave town or something, I have screwed up now. I will
lose my scholarship and get arrested and jailed, just like Brian. We're sure to
get caught by the police. Even if the authorities don't find out, the brothers
will and they will beat the crap out of me and the asshole who talked me into
screwing with Brian that night. My life over. 

&nbsp;

Bruno was
apprehensive. He was deep in the closet. He had a crush on Brian after he saw
what a great athlete he was, how hard he worked, how beautiful he was and how
nice he was to everyone. At first he was mad at the man who had humiliated his
former team and so obviously used drugs to help him do it. Now the man he loved
most in the world was in trouble and his asshole former Coach had asked him to
help fuck him up some more. He had to take the job to try to save Brian, even
though Brian would never know why. Bruno had no money and didn't know anyone.
What could he do, how could he help Brian get free? All he knew was he had to
try. 

&nbsp;

Luke, completely
unaware of what had happened at the Jail and what the coach was up to, was just
happy his Uncle Joe had arranged for him to punish Brian and humiliate him for
the next year and tonight, in front of his old team and a couple of Brian's
buddies. That would fix that cheating bastard!

&nbsp;

Luke's cell phone
rang. The excited Luke listened and flipped his phone closed. &quot;That was
the coach. They're on their way. I thought that pervert was a homo, he's naked
and he's going to suck the coach's cock all the way!&quot; 

&nbsp;

Bruno's heart
almost stopped, his massive fists clenched! 

&nbsp;

Matt and Mark
cringed, Brian wasn't a homo. Everyone knew he was a straight virgin!

&nbsp;

Luke grinned like
he had just won 20 million in the lottery. 

&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, Brian
was naked except for his dog collar decorated with a big pink ribbon and
another pink ribbon tied tightly around his package. 

&nbsp;

He was sucking
the long thin cock sticking out of the coach's smelly crotch. 

&nbsp;

The coach was
taking him to the Gym for further humiliation. 

&nbsp;

The beginning of
a life of sin and degradation had begun. 

&nbsp;

Brian's ass was
raw from the rape in the jail, his lips were chapped and his neck was sore from
all the throat fucking he had endured the night before. Yet, Brian was feeling
a thrill of excitement, adrenaline was pumping through his veins. 

&nbsp;

He shouldn't be
excited by this &quot;fate worse than death&quot; but his pencil dick was as
hard as a rock, throbbing and leaking from the visions of depravity the coach
had painted for him in the court parking lot. 

&nbsp;

Brian was sucking
the coach's cock like the pro the coach was going to make him. 

&nbsp;

The gang from the
night before had trained him well and he was feeling a sort of victory about
the moans and groans he was causing in the coach.

&nbsp;

Brian was
kneeling in front of the passenger front seat, his head in the coach's lap,
stroking the coach's cock with one hand while he balanced himself with his
other hand. 

&nbsp;

While he sucked
and licked the coach's cock, the coach would periodically reach over and slap
Brian's ass firmly to encourage him. 

&nbsp;

They had been
riding along for nearly 20 minutes. 

&nbsp;

The relatively
light but continuing spanking was making the endorphin's build and Brian was
starting to float. 

&nbsp;

The endorphins
were making the pain in his ass fade. 

&nbsp;

The combination
of the endorphins and the strong manly smell of the coach were making Brian
feel really good! 

&nbsp;

Brian mind
started to drift, his lips and tongue in automatic. 

&nbsp;

He knew he had to
get out of this situation. If he didn't, the perfect life he envisioned when he
got his scholarship would be over. Any sort of worthwhile life would be over. 

&nbsp;

His parents would
disown him if they knew what had happened, even though it was not his fault he
had been kidnapped and later framed. 

&nbsp;

His Minister, a
hard liner, would expel him from the church for being a sodomite. 

&nbsp;

With no powerful
friends and no money, what could he do? Where could he go? 

&nbsp;

Then, after a
particularly hard strike from the coach, he snapped out of his endorphin haze.
It was like he had been struck by lightening. 

&nbsp;

His Uncle Knute!

&nbsp;

Chapter 14

&nbsp;

Knute's family
rarely spoke of him, even then in unflattering terms. Brian's Mother had
disowned her brother. Brian's religious Father called him the spawn of the
devil. 

&nbsp;

Brian didn't feel
that way. He was proud of his Uncle, even though he could barely remember him.
The last time he had spoken to him was during a brief visit in 1992, just after
the first Gulf War. Every birthday there was a card, a short note of affection
and a hundred bucks!

&nbsp;

His Uncle had
been 30 in 1991. Unlike Brian, Knute was brilliant but without formal
schooling. With his hard work and using his brilliant mind, he had rapidly
risen to the rank master sergeant. 

&nbsp;

During the first
Gulf War, Knute was assigned to covert operations. His small team of tough
young Green Berets had been dropped deep behind the lines in Iraq to coordinate NBC and Scud
missile air strikes. 

&nbsp;

Knute had a
facility for languages like many Green Beret and that was what got him noticed and
recruited by that elite force. He could speak Arabic, French, Hebrew and
several other languages used in the middle east. He had learned French in High
School and the Army had found to their pleasure, that he could rapidly learn
new languages. 

&nbsp;

Knute used his
intelligence and gift to get the best out of himself and his teams. 

&nbsp;

He looked nothing
like Brian except he was almost as tall. He was 6 foot 2 inches tall with black
hair, coal black eyes, and weighed about 175 pounds. Knute was hard as steel but
slender. Except for his pale skin, he looked like he was a native of the Middle East. 

&nbsp;

Knute's team was
very successful finding targets and they even captured some important
prisoners. One was a highly placed member of the Iraqi Secret Police.

&nbsp;

The man was no
fan of Saddam but like most still decent successful men in Iraq, he did what was necessary to
survive. He was an expert interrogator and skilled at getting information from
the men who were trying to defeat Saddam from inside and out but he did it without
the brutal techniques of his less patient and sadistic colleagues. He knew the
techniques from his training but also knew that they were less reliable than
sensory and sleep depravation, withholding protein, close contact nudity with
other male prisoners as well as other more subtle tools. 

&nbsp;

During the short
time that Abdul was a prisoner of Knute's team, he developed a healthy respect
and admiration for the hard brave American. Expecting torture and death,
instead, he was treated professionally and fairly. After being turned over to
US Army intelligence and largely due to Knute's behavior, he defected, finally
free of the mad regime of the Dictator. After the war, the Dictator had lashed
out, torturing and killing many of his subordinates, blaming them for his
failure. Knute had saved his life and Abdul knew it.

&nbsp;

As a result of
the huge success of Knute's patrol and his obvious value as a covert operator,
he was noticed by the CIA and recruited to work the Middle
 East. He left the Army and lead a successful but completely secret
life as a covert agent, repeatedly promoted and given more and more power to
get the job done. A very valuable man in their human intelligence poor service,
he had the full confidence of the higher ups. 

&nbsp;

********

&nbsp;

Brian had his
head buried in the coach's musky crotch, his nose frequently tickled by the
coach's wiry black pubic hair as he periodically plunged down the full length
of the coach's long thin cock. 

&nbsp;

Over the 25
minute trip, the coach had Brian keep him on the edge. 

&nbsp;

Finally the coach
was approaching the school and he ordered Brian to make him cum.

&nbsp;

Fearing more
punishment or return to jail and the gang, Brian did as ordered, sucking,
licking and stroking for all he was worth. 

&nbsp;

The coach's balls
tightened, the precum flowed and his ass raised up to momentarily trap Brian's
head against the wheel, almost causing the van to crash. 

&nbsp;

The coach
strained to force his ass back down to get control of the van, then, jet after
jet of hot thick cum shot out of the coach's cock, at first striking Brian in
the back of his throat. Over the long trip, the coach had built a massive load.


&nbsp;

At first, Brian
couldn't swallow fast enough, initially choking, coughing on the first stream,
the thick white cum spilling out of his nose and lips, into the coach's hairy
crotch. 

&nbsp;

Finally, Brian
got control and caught up, greedily swirling his tongue around the head of the
coach's cock, polishing the head and gathering cum like a starving cat, licking
up the best cream. 

&nbsp;

Brian was
beginning to like the taste of cum!

&nbsp;

Slowing, to avoid
an accident, the coach's van slowly approached the Gym parking lot and pulled
into his reserved space, a small shed next to the Gym used to store outdoor
maintenance equipment. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 15

&nbsp;

The coach turned
off the ignition and totally relaxed. That was one of the best orgasms he had
ever had. He had a gold mine in Brian. This was going better than he hoped. 

&nbsp;

Still suckling on
the coach's cock, Brian too was coming down, embarrassed and humiliated that he
had enjoyed sucking another man's cock. 

&nbsp;

Finally
recovered, the coach grabbed Brian by an ear and firmly pulled him off of his
shrinking and now tender cock. 

&nbsp;

He opened the
driver's side door and slid out facing the interior of the car with his fly
still open. He reached down to zip up and found his fingers got wet from the
cum spilled in his crotch. Angry that Brian had been sloppy and his pants might
get wet and stained, he ordered the snorting Brian out of the Van. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Get out
here cocksucker, on your knees and clean up this mess,&quot; he said, dropping
his pants and shorts. 

&nbsp;

Brian quickly
slid over, jumped out and kneeled on the cold pavement. He looked around trying
to figure out how he could do as ordered. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Lick up the
cum running down my leg and on my balls. Suck the cum out of my pubic hair and
lick my cock off. Don't spend all day doing it!&quot; Ordered the irate coach. 

&nbsp;

They made quite a
picture, the big coach standing in his reserved space, shed door still open,
his pants around his ankles while a big naked jock licked his cock and balls. 

&nbsp;

Brian couldn't
believe what the coach was forcing him to do. What if someone came along or
drove by?

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
enough cocksucker,&quot; said the coach. 

&nbsp;

The coach turned
around, bent over slightly with his legs spread. &quot;Get your slutty tongue
on my ass and clean the cum off my asshole. I can feel it running down.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Disgusted and
retching from the strong smell, but afraid to refuse, he started to lick the
coach's ass crack. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Deeper ass licker.
Get in there and tongue my asshole,&quot; ordered the coach. 

&nbsp;

Brian wiped the
flat of his still cum covered tongue, up and down the coach's hairy ass,
running it over his sticky asshole on each long swipe. It tasted bitter and
smelled worse. Still he did it over and over until there was no taste or smell
at all. 

&nbsp;

Despite the
pleasure Brian's tongue was giving him, the coach looked at his watch and
decided it was time to go in. Brian could finish up later and learn to suck his
hot asshole when he took care of the rest of the team and the probation
officers. 

&nbsp;

Coach pulled up
his shorts and pants. While he buttoned up and tightened his belt, he pointed
to a threadbare pair of oil stained work coveralls that hung on a hook next to
the exit door. &quot;Put those on pervert. We can't have you wandering the
halls in your uniform.&quot; 

&nbsp;

The coach knew
that the four probation officers were waiting in his office and the team would
be back at school in time for the 6 PM party. This should be fun. 

&nbsp;

**********

&nbsp;

The coach, with
the frightened Brian close behind, entered the coach's office. 

&nbsp;

Instead of the
four probation officers, only Bruno remained. 

&nbsp;

While Brian and
the coach were on their way back, everything had changed. 

&nbsp;

When Luke
announced that Brian was a homo and was sucking the coach's cock, Bruno had flipped
out. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What the
hell are you talking about,&quot; hollered Bruno. &quot;Brian's a straight
virgin.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Looking at the
two fraternity men, Bruno hollered, &quot;What the hell happened Saturday
night.&quot;

&nbsp;

Matt and Mark,
big men but still intimidated by the massive enraged Bruno, stumbled and
stammered out how Brian had sleep walked into the Living Room and stripped,
tried to curl on the couch they already sat on and freaked them out. They
explained they were drunk and how they had taken the sleep walking Brian to
North Central and left him in Luke's Laundromat, nude. They pleaded that they
had really screwed up and admitted they were stupid assholes to try to calm the
irate monster. They choked out that now the coach, with the help of Luke's
Uncle Joe, were blackmailing them to help the coach turn out Brian as a male
prostitute and gay porn star. They explained that tonight's activities were
going to be secretly filmed like the video of the jail rape and sold along with
more films planned for the University football team. They wanted to help Brian
but were afraid of the coach and his brother the Judge. The coach had
threatened they would be arrested for conspiracy to commit a sex crime and
taken to jail to be raped like Brian.

&nbsp;

Stunned, Luke
couldn't believe it. He had interrupted their story over and over, not
believing what he and his Uncle were involved in. They just wanted to humiliate
Brian a little, not enslave him. Not only was it real wrong, if it came out, it
would ruin his whole family. 

&nbsp;

Finally, Bruno
calmed down enough that Matt and Mark were no longer afraid of getting beaten
to death by the massive football player. Brian raped, videos of it, more
planned of the high school and University football team, prostitution? Jesus
Christ, Brian was in a whole lot of trouble and now, so were they all. 

&nbsp;

Bruno told Matt
and Mark to go back to the University. Somehow, he would see to it that Brian
got back to the house. He told Luke to go home, but not call his Uncle and tell
him what was going on in case he was in on it. Protesting his Uncle's
innocence, he finally agreed when Bruno convinced him that Luke's Uncle was
better off not getting further involved for now. 

&nbsp;

Everyone left
except Bruno. He sat down heavily, his head down, eyes covered with his massive
hand, tears streaming out. He tried to think. 

&nbsp;

After a about 15
minutes of not thinking of any long term solution, he called the team captains
and told them the team meeting was off and would be rescheduled. He needed time
to think of a solution. He would tell the coach that Brian had to be back right
away to explain what had happened to the University coach or he would be
suspended from the team for skipping Sunday and Monday practice with no
explanation. Bruno figured the coach wanted Brian on the team so he could get
the video of them gang banging him. 

&nbsp;

Ten minutes
later, the coach came in and Bruno explained he had cancelled the team meeting
for the coach and sent the rest home because Brian couldn't attend. He
explained that the coach could have another meeting next Sunday, a better time
since the school would be empty and it would give the coach more time to set
things up. He added, it would give Bruno more time to smooth things over with
the University coach. He agreed to drive over the frat boys and Brian whenever
the coach wanted them back on Sunday. 

&nbsp;

Disappointed but
seeing the sense of it, he turned Brian over to Bruno and starting making
calls, dismissing them both. 

&nbsp;

Bruno grabbed the
confused but relieved Brian by the upper arm and marched him out of the coach's
office to his truck. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 16

&nbsp;

&quot;Brian,
you're in a whole lot of trouble. I just literally saved your ass back
there.&quot; Said Bruno, softly. 

&nbsp;

Brian started
sniffing, trying not to cry. &quot;I can't believe my life has been destroyed
in three days. I didn't do anything to deserve this. What am I going to do
Bruno?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
asshole, you took steroids and cheated Luke out of his scholarship. God's
punishing you for your selfishness and for being a lazy jerk off.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I know I
screwed up in High School but I haven't taken steroids in a couple of years. I
have been working hard since, trying to make it without them,&quot; blurted out
Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I know, I
have been watching you. I really like you but I don't know how to help you. Do
you have any money, know anyone that can help us out of this mess you've made?
Coach is a more powerful man than I imagined with the county Judge his brother,
hooked up with big time criminals and with the officers of the jail and county
cops against you, I don't know what to do?&quot; Said Bruno. &quot;We can't let
the coach film you having sex with minors on the high school team or with the
men on the University football team. He'll blackmail us all for the rest of our
lives.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;My Uncle
Knute might be able to help. He works for the government in Virginia and told me if I were ever in
trouble to call him. I have his number back at the house.&quot; Offered Brian. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, it is
better than nothing. What does he do?&quot; asked Bruno, hopefully. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't
know but he was a decorated Green Beret in the first Gulf War. Maybe he knows
someone that can help.&quot; Said Brian. 

&nbsp;

They rode back
silently the rest of the way, both trying to figure out what to do, each hoping
the other would think of a solution and somehow Brian's Uncle could help. 

&nbsp;

When they got to
the Fraternity, Brian snuck in and packed a bag, got his address book and class
books and returned to Bruno's truck. Brian would stay with Bruno while they
figured out what to do. 

&nbsp;

Bruno helped
Brian up to his apartment and told him to get out of the overalls. He didn't
want them to stain his furniture. Bruno didn't know what Brian was wearing or
not wearing underneath. While Brian was undressing, Bruno went into the
bathroom and took a shower, returning with a towel wrapped around him to tell
Brian it was his turn. 

&nbsp;

There in front of
him was a nude Brian, clothed only in his collar and ribbons. Stunned, Bruno
froze in place. Before him was the fulfillment of all of his fantasies. Brian
was dressed like a birthday present, just for him. He couldn't help it, his eight
inch long and almost two inch in diameter cut cock was stirring and growing.
Almost instantly, it was at full mast. 

&nbsp;

Brian couldn't
miss the large cock tenting the thin towel. Knowing his salvation rested with
his friend the huge football player, he instinctively knelt down with his hands
behind his back, head down. 

&nbsp;

Bruno asked,
&quot;Do you know what you're about to do? Are you doing it because you have to
or want to?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I've liked
you since I got here Bruno and you're helping me when you don't have to. I
thought I was straight but that gang and the coach showed me that I like to
suck cock and get fucked. Let me pay you back for all you're doing. I want to
please you.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Brian, I
love you and if you're sure, then we're going to make the best of it while we
figure out how to unravel what you've gotten yourself into.&quot; He reached
down and released the towel, walking forward, his cock bobbing as he advanced
on the beautiful submissive kneeling Brian, his lover at last.

&nbsp;

With the massive
Bruno inches in front of him, Brian reached up and cupped Bruno's hard hairy
ass. 

&nbsp;

He gently pulled
Bruno towards him, licking his lips to moisten them. 

&nbsp;

He opened his
mouth wide and engulfed Bruno, proud of the skills he had recently learned and
happy he could use them for once on someone he liked and not get forced and
degraded for a change. 

&nbsp;

He gently licked
around his large cock head, swiping up he precum that was already flowing from
the iron cock sliding into his hot wet mouth. 

&nbsp;

With the tip of
his tongue, he licked under Bruno's cock head, making the big football quiver
and involuntarily shove more of his large cock into Brian's hot mouth. 

&nbsp;

Smiling inside
with the power he had over his protector and friend, he pulled on Bruno's ass
and swallowed him whole.

&nbsp;

He started to
slowly bob up and down on Bruno's fat saliva soaked cock, sucking hard on it
and swirling his tongue around the crown as it withdrew.

&nbsp;

Brian moved his
right hand down to pull gently on Bruno's hot large balls, making Bruno groan. 

&nbsp;

Encouraged, Brian
pulled off of Bruno's steely cock, making Bruno moan in protest. Brian took his
finger, ran it over Bruno's leaking cock, put it in his mouth and sucked the
precum off with an intentional pop. 

&nbsp;

He stuck his
index finger back in his mouth, pulled it out wet again and popped Bruno's cock
back in his mouth. 

&nbsp;

Brian slowly
inserted his wet finger into Bruno's loose hot ass and like Jamal taught him,
massaged Bruno's hard full prostate, making Bruno jerk back and forth out of
control. 

&nbsp;

They stayed that
way, Brian sucking, massaging Bruno's balls and prostate until Bruno couldn't
hold back any longer. 

&nbsp;

Bruno's ass
cheeks squeezed together tightly, driving his cock deep into Brian's throat
once again but this time he held Brian's head tightly against his thick thatch
of pubic hair, smothering the happy Brian and pumping him full of cum. 

&nbsp;

Finally Bruno
relaxed, empty and done in. He pulled his wet softening cock out of Brian's
mouth, walked a few feet and plopped onto the couch. 

&nbsp;

Smiling and proud
of the job he had done, Brian crawled on his hands and knees, bumping the top
of his head gently against Bruno's knee, turning and resting his head on it,
his cheek against the inside of Bruno's hairy thigh. 

&nbsp;

Bruno reached
down and gently scratched Brian's blond head, like a faithful dog. They stayed
that way for several minutes, savoring the moment. 

&nbsp;

Bruno ruffled
Brian's head, telling him it was time for bed. Even though it was early Monday,
they had both had a traumatic couple of days and needed to rest to face tomorrow.


&nbsp;

Bruno walked into
the bedroom, Brian crawling behind, too tired to stand. Bruno climbed into
Bruno's small bed first and lie on his back, beckoning the unsure Brian. Brian
crawled in slowly and lie on his stomach, snuggled in with his head resting on
Bruno's massive chest. Bruno kissed his forehead and pulled him close with his
strong right arm. They fell asleep immediately, a smile of satisfaction and
safety finally on Brian's face. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 17

&nbsp;

The next morning,
Brian called his Uncle Knute and poured out the sordid details of his dilemma.
His Uncle listened carefully, asking a lot of questions about Jamal and the
threats presented by Luke's Uncle, the jail sergeant and the coach. Brian told
his Uncle that Luke didn't think his Uncle was involved but Brian wasn't sure
and didn't fully trust his old enemy. 

&nbsp;

Knute told Brian
to go along as much as he had to and he would get right back to him. He needed
to research Jamal and see if he was someone that was involved in another case
he was working with. 

&nbsp;

During the
hurricane, Knute, along with many in the agency, had volunteered to help rescue
the stranded citizens of New Orleans.
He had saved a woman from drowning when her car had been swept away when a
levee had broken. She had raved about her nephew Jamal who had been moved up to
Indiana just
before the storm hit. Jamal was a &quot;good boy&quot; that had chosen the
wrong path but he had promised to send money to help her. He had checked on
Jamal then and thought he could help him with a terrorist he was trying to
turn. Maybe now?

&nbsp;

That had been
quite a while ago and he had lost track of the women. It was time to check up
on her and see what was going on. 

&nbsp;

It didn't take
him long to find out that she was indigent and in bad health. Like many, she
had fallen through the cracks. Knute made sure she had medical attention and
made arrangements to have her moved into safer quarters. He made a couple of
calls to some of the operatives under his command to give them some important
orders and then another to Jamal's attorney. Within three hours of speaking to
Brian, he had arranged for an emergency flight on one of the agency's jets. He
was on his way to Indiana.


&nbsp;

Knute arrived at
the small jail late Tuesday afternoon and arranged to see Jamal. He met Jamal's
lawyer and they went to a conference room in the jail. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I just
spoke to your Aunt. She raised you, didn't she,&quot; asked Knute. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't
know what business that is of yours,&quot; snarled the apprehensive Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I think she
told you she was rescued by a big tall white man during the hurricane?&quot;
Said Knute.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,&quot;
said Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;She told me
you were arranging to get her money when she lost her home and car. When I
looked in on her situation today, she was real sick and homeless, living in a
shelter. Is that how you take care of the only person in the world who gives a
shit about you?&quot; Barked Knute. 

&nbsp;

Jamal was
stunned. Joshua, the coach and the sergeant, told him they were sending regular
payments to his Aunt for his help getting the porno and prostitution business
going. &quot;Those son of a bitches,&quot; growled Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Also, this
weekend, I understand the coach's cousin had you rape an innocent young college
boy? Why was that?&quot; asked Knute. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Innocent,
that guy was a rapist. The jailer threw him in with us for some street justice.'
Replied the indignant Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The
sergeant lied to you too. The young man is a friend of mine and he was framed
but that's a personal matter. Raping him might get you some more time
though.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;I just
spoke to the Prosecutor from Louisiana
on your case. I am an operative for the CIA, high up in the CIA. You're already
under investigation for your contact with a known terrorist and some gun
running operations. I believe he's also a client of your male prostitution
ring? I need something on this asshole to turn him and I have the Prosecutor's
authority to have you and your posse released into my custody if you agree to
help me with the terrorist. I also have thatï¿½
private matter I need your help with as well. I am pretty sure you will
like what I have in mind. 

&nbsp;

I don't give a
damn about your prostitution activity or the drugs either. People own their own
bodies and can do what they want with them as far as I'm concerned. My
investigation revealed you deal with consenting adults only. I'm not a moralist.
Your business is none of my business except as it relates to that terrorist.
You can go back to your old haunts under my protection, business as usual. The
charges against you will go away like they were never there and stay that way
as long as you help me.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;What do you
say?&quot; asked Knute. 

&nbsp;

The attorney
nodded. He had talked to the Prosecutor too. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You have a
deal. How do we start?&quot; smiled Jamal. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Your
release papers will be here tomorrow morning and one of my staff will meet you
outside of the jail with money andï¿½ a
nice new car in your name so you can get back to Louisiana at your leisure. Now to the
private matter,&quot; growled Knute. 

&nbsp;

Jamal knew the
look in Knute's eye well. He was glad that he was not the object of this hard
man's hatred. 

&nbsp;

Chapter 18

&nbsp;

The coach and the
sergeant were waiting in aï¿½ deserted
outdoor movie theater. They had been working all day on Brian's debut next
week. Officer Joe Frankovich had called for a meeting with them to go over the
plans Luke and he had made for the event. They needed some privacy. 

&nbsp;

A large black SUV
with heavily tinted windows pulled up in front of their car and another behind.


&nbsp;

The back driver's
side door opened and Jamal stepped out, followed by his four big men. 

&nbsp;

They all had semi
automatic handguns trained on the coach and his partner, the sergeant. 

&nbsp;

&quot;So you
pocketed the money you were sending my Aunt. She almost died because of
that.&quot; The gangster said menacingly. 

&nbsp;

The coach and
sergeant paled. They knew that Jamal was a ruthless sadist. &quot;How did you
get out?&quot; stammered the coach. 

&nbsp;

&quot;It seems
that your new punk, Brian, has a powerful Uncle who took an interest in your
activities and has decided to intervene.&quot; Smiled Jamal. &quot;We're
waiting for a friend of his.&quot;

&nbsp;

Just then a
Mercedes pulled up and four Middle Eastern men got out, smiling. One of them
about 45 said, &quot;Hello Mister's Joshua. I'm a friend of Brian. My name is
Abdul. We're here to take you on a little trip.&quot;

&nbsp;

While Jamal's men
held the two at gunpoint, Abdul's men stripped the two and cuffed them. When
they tried to struggle, they were bitch slapped and kicked in the balls,
immobilizing them. 

&nbsp;

Their curled up
bodies were thrown into the Mercedes and two of Abdul's men drove off with
them. 

&nbsp;

Abdul said,
&quot;Here's $70,000 we found at the coach's house and another $1,000 at the
sergeant's. They won't be needing it now. Knute said to give it to your Aunt
for a new house. We also found all the copies showing the jail rape along with
some other videos that won't interest you. That incident never happened. I can
assure you that your revenge will be complete for their betrayal and my
benefactor and friend will help you as agreed. I appreciate your assistance
with the scum that are ruining my homeland. If you need to reach me for
information concerning the Joshua's, contact me through Knute.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Jamal said,
&quot;I would like to help you with those two.&quot; A gleam in his eye.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm sorry
that can't be arranged. They're going for a long flight to eastern Europe where
they will be persuaded to confess and later help us with the terrorist. I'll
send you some videos of the beginning of their lessons. My friend will be using
them to lure your old client into a compromising situation. Theyï¿½ll be trained
and then they'll be sold to an Sudanese brothel that specializes in S&amp;M, a
favorite of Moslem extremists. They should be popular. In three months, their
families won't recognize them.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Abdul was looking
forward to reviving the training he had received from Saddam's secret police
academy. Payback would be hell for the two degenerates and Abdul would see to
that personally. 

&nbsp;

The next day,
after hearing testimony from Matt, Mark and Luke, Brian's convictions were
reversed and the records expunged by Judge Joshua. Later, after seeing his
relatives confess on tape, the Judge announced his retirement and started to
make plans to move out of the region.

&nbsp;

The day after the
hearing, Knute met with Brian and his lover for lunch where Uncle Knute gave
them the good news. 

&nbsp;

Life would never
be the same for Brian. 

&nbsp;

In fact, his life
had just started.

&nbsp;

The End

&nbsp;

I
would appreciate your comments -- pro and con, including constructive
criticism, and suggestions. My address is SirBosk1@aol.com
Please vote for the story. If you got this far, you must have liked it. Since
access to the stories is free and the authors receive no payment for their
efforts, a vote is not much to ask to compensate the author for the amusement
you received. If youï¿½re unable to vote, please email me and comment on this
story or with suggestions for future stories. 

&nbsp;

Copy write 12-2-2005 TX
6-295-601

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sirbosk1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





