BDSM Library - Picnic




Picnic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Little occurs at a picnic, but a man in a fantasy setting finds and elven woman picnicking and gets the drop on her. He's not very nice at all.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  10
  2007-05-30T00:28:00Z
  2007-05-30T00:28:00Z
  3
  2101
  11978
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  99
  28
  14051
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Picnic

&nbsp;

She
was tied between two trees, a rope around each ankle. Her legs were spread wide
since each rope was tied to the opposite tree. Her legs were at probably a 120
degree angle. Her arms were tied wrist to elbow behind her back. Another rope
was tied around both forearms and tightly attached to a very thick, overhanging
branch about one foot wide and seven feet up. Her long, golden hair hung freely
and thickly over her face and shoulders. It was likely two feet long, and would
probably come near her firm behind if she weren't in her current predicament.
The points of her ears were clearly visible, extending six or so inches past
where they penetrated her hair. With legs spread and her torso forced forward,
her form came to three, possibly three and a half, feet. She hadn't hair
anywhere except her head. I was positive, by then, she was an elf. Of course I
was positive before then due to the ears, but us explorers must be certain.

She
was easily subdued. Though lithe and dexterous, she was no match for a well armed
and incredibly trained adventurer. I simply waited for her to finish eating her
picnic and ambushed her from nearby bushes. She pranced past me obliviously as
I leaped forward and knocked her out. She had time only for a gasp. Her
clothes, like those of most elves, Were made out of some light, foreign
material and inlaid with beautiful floral and bestial designs. I took those off
of her carefully. They'd sell for quite a bit back were I come from. She
weighed a mere seventy or eighty pounds, but she had a fully developed chest.
Though she was as tall as a human girl just entering puberty, she had the
proportions of a girl in her very late teens, and very firm. I searched her
quickly for weapons, since elves tend to be well prepared peoples. She had a light
dagger strapped to each thigh, and a mouth dart behind her ear. The elves would
never be the kind to use poison, but I removed them with all the care in the
world. You cannot be too careful.

After
that, I walked for half a day, checking to see if I was being followed. A lone
male elf showed up, but fortunately for me he didn't seem to have a bow. He
attacked me viciously, as I imagined the girl's lover might. Or whatever an elf
would call their mate. He hesitated since I was carrying what he had come to
defend, which gave me time to set her down and draw my own weapon. He was
easily defeated. Elves, so I hear, are trained since a very young age with
their weapons. I'm simply better and stronger, having lived through several
small wars.

By
nightfall I had my camp set up. I tied her first, then laid out my bedroll and
started a fire. Then I began paying attention to the elf again. I pulled all
her hair back into a ponytail, and then tied rope to it, folding it, and tying
the rope tightly around it. I let her hair rest like that for a while, as I
gagged her. She began coming to as I did that, so I was thankful I got back to
her when I did. To aid in her consciousness, I tugged the rope in her hair up
to the branch above her, and tied it tightly, forcing her to hold her head
parallel the ground. When I looked back her blue, almond eyes were wide and
watery. She tried to say something through her rope gag, but it was barely even
audible, let alone intelligible. I grasped her neck in both hands and began
choking her. She wrestled with her bonds, but I'm good with the rope and had
her unconscious while I used my skill. Her struggle was futile. After I counted
to thirty, I removed my hands and slapped her hard four times. She was crying
by the time I was done, and a small drip of blood came from her nose.
Fortunately for her, the rope gag I fashioned would allow her to breath through
her mouth if she didn't bite down. I crouched to look her in the eye.

&quot;Listen,
elf,&quot;, The word left a bitter taste in my mouth, &quot;I'm going to
beat you and rape you. When I'm done, I'm going to sell you into slavery. Men
like me love elves like you.&quot;

I
spit in her face as she continued to cry. She looked past me, as though
searching for something behind me. I laughed in her face and grabbed my trophy
from underneath her, where I placed it for this moment. I lifted her lover's
head up to hers, facing her. I held it there until she started sobbing and then
flung it to the side. I laughed as I literally stole a kiss from her. It wasn't
a great kiss, what with the gag and her trying to avoid it, and all, but she
knew she was helpless. I moved my hand to her crotch and played with her pussy.
She tried to move away, but she had very little room, and much effort resulted
in pain as her limbs got pulled even further from their normal positions. She
stiffened when I shoved my middle and ring finger into her. She made a noise
like a grunt, too. I fingered her roughly, and she grunted a lot of the time. I
stole some kisses while doing it, so I could be sure she was truly miserable.

I
got bored of that and slapped her a couple times with the hand not fingering
her. Then I punched her gut a few times, but not so hard she might throw up.
She worried about regaining her ability to breath, though. I could see it in
her eyes. I walked back to the fire and grabbed my leather paddle. I noticed
the blood on my fingers as I grabbed it. Well, what did I expect would happen
if I were that rough?

Her
pussy had blood smeared on it's lips, but it wasn't bad at all. Just an
outline, really. I decided my first swat would be right there. *SWAP!*, and the
girl stiffened and made an almost squeal through her gag. I waited a minute and
looked at her crotch. There was a paddle shaped welt surrounding her cunt just
off center. I stepped my right leg over her left, to face her side and have a
good angle for her ass. I swatted that once, drawing forth the same reaction,
though not with the same fervor. I swatted her ass repeatedly and quickly for a
few minutes. Her squeals and resistance grew greater with the number of swats,
up to a point where they alternated due to her strength and remaining breath.
When my arm got tired I stepped over the other leg to get her ass where the one
position may have missed it. When I was done I took a good look at my work. Her
ass, and parts very near, had many welts, some bleeding a bit, with bruises
already forming all over. I got behind her and swatted her cunt from behind
three times. Her squeal was louder than the first time, and grew each time.

I
got very near her from behind and reached around to finger her again, as I
grabbed her tits with the hand holding the paddle. The pain caused her to push
her backside into me, so I began kissing her neck and the bottom of her ears.
She tried to claw me, but merely chipped her nails on my leather chest piece.
Soon, I was biting. I walked in front her, and she relaxed as well as she could
after I removed my fingers. I began beating the front of her with the paddle. I
swatted pretty much everything that was not her arms or legs, which I still got
a bit of by chance. Yes, that included her face, though I made sure not to swat
that hard enough to leave a mark permanently. I had gotten used to her squeals
and jumps by the time I had a nice spread of red and purple.

After
I was satisfied with that, I grabbed out my sewing kit. I didn't have an
impressive one, but I did have a large number of needles, and I kept tacks,
nails, and pins in there as well. When I set the case down on the ground in
front of her and knelt down, I noticed her screwed up look. I liked it. She was
crying fairly hard, and the snot/blood from her nose and mouth mixed with
saliva and dripped from her chin. Sexy. She didn't look at me pleadingly, she
looked at me with nothing but fear. I grabbed out a sewing needle and, with my
other hand, her right nipple. I pulled on it and stuck the needle through it's
base. The standard squeal issued form her mouth. I did the same thing to her
other and tied some thread to each nipple, just behind the needle. Then I
pierced each of her ears with a needle, right in the center of the extending
point, forcing a squeal out of her each time. I pulled her ears down and she
moaned (apparently, doing so is painful for elves. I don't know how painful,
but they're ears are actually quite resilient, too, being full of cartilage),
and I tied the thread from the nipple on the same side around the ear and
needle in it, then tied. The ears rebounded a bit, and pulled the nipples up a
few inches.

I
walked around her a few times. I chuckled when I saw her hands trying to grasp
around for a way to release something, but simply flailing lightly at her
elbows and mid-back. She was trying to control her breath, to reduce the
altering resistance on her ears and nipples. I found a nice stick several yards
behind her. It was about a foot and a half long and had a rounded point. I
walked several more yards into the woods and stripped off the bark. I had
cleared the area immediately around her of debris, so I didn't step on anything
and give myself away when I slowly sneaked up on her after feinting into the
woods. I leaned down behind her so that she couldn't see me or my shadow in her
periphery, though I probably didn't have to worry about it anyway, and reached
my hand with the stick forward. I moved it between her legs and jabbed it
upwards. I had gotten a few inches in, but no more, as she tensed all her
muscles and jumped up onto her toes (which she didn't stay on but for one or
two seconds). Her screech was loud and throaty. Her hands were trying
desperately to get free, alternating from trying to loose the ropes holding
them and simply reaching down. I shoved in and pulled slightly back, shoved in,
pulled slightly back, and repeated the process, listening to her horribly
choked screams. The progress lessened as more was shoved into her, but I
eventually got six inches in and was satisfied.

I
let go of the stick and walked over to the fire. I had some food, but not much.
When I returned, the stick didn't seem to have come out at all. She was done
crying, too, apparently. I leaned down in front of her and grabbed the hilt of
the stick and pulled it different directions. She turned her pelvis to match my
movements. I pulled her forward so she was sticking her crotch out at me. I
held the stick between my knees and got a needle from my sewing kit. I softly
pulled apart her pussy lips and then pushed her labia to the side and in, to
reveal her clit. I pierced it sideways, and she squealed as normal.

I
got up half way to look her in the eyes. &quot;Foreplay's done.&quot;

I
walked around behind her and unbuckled my belt. Soon, my pants were down to my
ankles and I was half kneeling. I grabbed her chin with my left hand and
reached around to grab the stick from the front with my other. I rubbed the
saliva/snot/blood onto my dick and pulled the stick so that she was sticking
her ass back at me. I pressed my head against her asshole, but couldn't get it
in. I stuck a finger up her ass and she whimpered as I fingered her.
&quot;Relax, whore.&quot; I told her. I fingered her ass for about a minute,
getting rougher the while. I removed my finger and shoved my dick against her
ring. There was resistance, but it gave after a few seconds. I sighed and she
whimpered. I could feel her begin to pull away, but the stick stopped any
serious effort. I pressed my forefinger and thumb against her clit, holding it
by finding the bulge where the needle was, and held her there. Just in case she
tried to get rid of the stick along with my dick.

I
shoved in, but her ass was very tight and offered plenty of resistance. I
humped a little and got half way there, then met more severe resistance. I
pulled back a bit on the stick and her clit, to angle her ass better, and I
shoved in. I bypassed the resistance after about ten seconds, but didn't get my
whole dick in. There was still almost two inches outside her ass. I began
humping slowly, enjoying the tightness, her whimpering with every thrust. I
pulled back softly, and pressed in with more force. I got close to cumming
several times, but stopped and held her until the pressure subsided. By then,
her hands stopped trying. They simply held her elbows, waiting for it to pass.
I humped for probably half an hour, slowly, patiently, trying to get all the
way in. Finally, after all that time, I was all the way in. I was getting
pretty tired, and stopped for several minutes. Then I started playing with her
boobs with my free hand. I fondled her nipples, to bother them plus her ears. I
was hard again, so I fucked her ass violently. She screamed the whole time,
though it was very muffled under the gag.

It
was less than a minute before I came deep into her bowels. I pressed into her
for about a minute, as the waves of pleasure passed. I fell to my knees, my
dick popping out, followed by a small, short lived rivulet of semen. Most of it
seemed to be stuck in her, though, since it was only a dozen or so drips worth.
I got up several minutes later, shaky legged. I walked to the fire and grabbed
some more rope. I tied the rope to the stick and pulled it up to tie it to the
tree, so that she was sticking her ass out and the stick was angled back. I
then looped some thread around the needle on her clit as well as the clit
itself. I pulled my bedroll closer to her, then walked behind her to check on
the roped holding her hands. they were still just as secure as ever, but I
added a few anyhow. I also added several tacks and cuts to the tip of each of
her fingers and thumbs to dissuade attempts. I walked back around her and
grabbed my alcohol. I washed her off real well to avoid infection, paying
special attention to her pussy. In fact I decided to pull out the stick, so
that her pussy would not be ruined. I cleaned it out and it eventually stopped
bleeding, as I cleaned the rest of her and applied bandages to the open wounds.
I tied my boot laces close and securely, then tied the laces to the thread
hanging from her clit. The toes touched the ground if she bent right, and her
clit stretched out.

I
left her like that as I went to sleep.

**����������� **�������� **�������� **�������� **�������� **�������� **�������� **







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Callidus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





