BDSM Library - Master's Return




Master's Return
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cum Girl is caught masterbating by Master & is punished for her inappropriate behaviour








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-05-20T13:42:00Z
  2007-05-20T13:42:00Z
  7
  3295
  18785
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  156
  44
  22036
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Cum
Girl was idle. Her children had left for the night &amp; Master was away on
'business'. Though what business it was that had left her here alone for three
days with so few instructions to complete she did not know. What was worse,
this imposed inactivity, this lack of Master instructed sexual release, was
having an affect on her body.

All
day her nipples, usually so placid, had been stiff &amp; erect rubbing
themselves against the thin cotton halter she'd worn, sending sharp pulses of
pleasure through her body as she'd worked, as she'd cooked tea &amp; now as she
tried to relax. And where had those pleasure pulses travelled. To her pussy
which had spent the day getting wetter &amp; wetter as she tried her best to
complete her daily responsibilities. Even now she could feel her clitoris
throbbing insistently &amp; the steady trickle of cum juices seeping out of her
onto the upholstery.

Cum
Girl sighed. She'd tried to entertain herself this evening. She'd watched tv
but found herself assessing the size of all the male leads 'assets' &amp;
wondering what it would be like to have Nurse Evans from Holby City wrap her
long legs around her head whilst Cum Girl licked her swollen clit. She'd picked
up the paper, tried to do the Suduko but found herself doodling pictures of
herself bound in increasingly more complicated positions, her pussy, arse &amp;
mouth stuffed full of preposterously large phallus's. She'd tried to read but
the words had merged, come alive &amp; whispered forbidden temptations into her
mind.

She
threw down her book &amp; looked at her watch. 9.15 too early for bed. A bath
then. Perhaps a long soak would relax her, take away her sexual tension. If
only he'd text, send her some instruction, give her something to do to occupy
her mind &amp; her body, but her phone sat silent beside her just as it had for
most of the evening.

Upstairs,
bath running, steam rising around her, she undid the ties of her halter
allowing it to fall down exposing her breasts. Her nipples looked swollen &amp;
angry. Taking two fingers she gently squeezed the left one &amp; nearly
collapsed on the floor as waves of pleasure exploded through her body. This was
bad. Why was she so aroused now with Master away &amp; no form of release
allowed. Distracted by her thoughts she barely noticed as her hands swept
across her chest found her right nipple &amp; gave it a hard tweak. Caught by
suprise, her legs gave way and she had to grab hold of the side of the bath to
stop herself from falling to her knees. Panting, she looked accusingly at her
breasts. How dare they treat her like this? How dare they be so inconsiderate
of Master's instructions. Getting a grip of herself she quickly undressed &amp;
started to busy herself with the bath.

Cum Girl loved her bath steaming hot &amp; full of bubbles. She loved to lie
there feeling the bubbles gently caress her skin as she daydreamed. This
evening, her missing Master on her mind her thoughts drifted to the last time
she'd seen him 4 long days ago. He'd been disappointed with her that night. Her
attitude had been poor &amp; she had been inattentive to his needs throughout
the evening. She'd been distracted by the thought of his impending business
trip &amp; whilst wanting to make the most of the evening her mind had already
started to worry about the week ahead.

&quot;Cum
Girl&quot;, he was almost shouting at her. No doubt she'd missed something he'd
said.

&quot;Yes
Master&quot;, her voice quivered sensing the displeasure in his tone.

&quot;I
said 'Inspection' Cum Girl&quot;.

&quot;Yes
Master&quot;. She quickly stood, spread her legs to shoulder width, clasped her
hands behind her neck, head high, faced forward, back straight, elbows wide.

He
looked her over disdainfully &amp; left the room. She maintained her position
listening as she could hear him go upstairs into the bedroom. &quot;Not the
crop&quot;, she thought, &quot;please Master not the crop. I know I've not been
at my best this evening but surely I've not done anything necessitating
punishment&quot;. She heard the bedroom door open &amp; close, heard him
descend the stairs, heard him enter the room, heard items being placed on the
table. How much she wanted to run to him, to have him hold her in his arms, to
tell him how sorry she was for being inattentive, but to break from position
without Master's permission was not permitted and such actions would result in
punishment. So she stood, as still as possible keeping her eyes forward,
maintaining her position.

He'd
left the room again. She could hear him in the kitchen, hear the clink of a
glass being removed from a shelf, hear the opening &amp; closing of the fridge,
&amp; then he was back with her. Walking across the room in front of her,
heading to the garden, a glass in one hand, cigarettes in the other, then he was
gone. 

5
minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes. Time trickled past &amp; Master still hadn't
returned. Cum Girl had never been very good at maintaining positions &amp;
she'd now been stood at Inspection for nearly 20 minutes. Her legs felt
cramped, her arms ached &amp; her head felt heavy. She felt glad that she
hadn't been wearing heels as that would have put extra pressure on her calves.
Then immediately wished that she'd been wearing her highest most uncomfortable
shoes, the black ones with the diamante ankle strap, so that she could show
Master what a good Cum Girl she was and how she could meet his expectations.
Thinking this she raised her chin, trained her eyes on a spot on the wall
opposite, took a firm grasp of her left wrist with her right hand behind her
head &amp; settled herself to await her Master's pleasure.

She'd
not had to wait long. He'd returned shortly afterwards. His words: &quot;Do I
have your attention now Cum Girl?&quot; were said with a hint of laughter in
his voice &amp; she knew that he wasn't angry with her, understood her
distraction, loved &amp; cared for her, &amp; would hold her to him for the
rest of the evening. They'd gone straight to bed. Master had collared her,
restrained her, held her too his chest, felt the breath enter &amp; leave her
as he'd entered her, caressed her, pulled her body down onto his engorged cock
&amp; she'd breathed &amp; sighed, pleaded with &amp; thanked her Master as he
came deep within her throbbing pussy. 

Bubbles
popped, a droplet of water fell from the tap into the cooling bath, the water
eddied gently as Cum Girl's eyes slowly opened. As her mind returned from the
past. As the daydream, complete, reached it's sweaty wonderous conclusion. Eyes
wide, she tried to find a focus, staring upwards, her mind gradually returned
to the here &amp; now to the gentle eddy of the water, to her legs spread wide
across the sides of the bath, to her right hand clamped hard between her legs
&amp; to her left hand stroking her gloriously smooth pubis. How she loved her
pubis, the smoothness, the sheer nakedness of it, shouting out from beneath her
skirts &quot;Here I am. Come touch me! Come play with me! Look at me! Admire my
gorgeous form, my beautiful shape, my wonderous colour, my wetness, my
aroma&quot;. Truly she wondered how for all those years she'd allowed it to be
hidden between that shapeless mass of hair &amp; as she stroked it now she
could feel the gentle rise &amp; fall of the pubic mound, feel the fingers of
her other hand deep inside her, feel the moisture between her labia, feel her
clitoris a tiny rock hard diamond peeking out beneath the soft sensitive flesh
of her hood, feel .... No! No! She couldn't do this. Musn't do this! Was
forbidden to this! Master would be angry if he caught her like this. She would
be punished if Master caught her like this.

If
Master caught her like this!!! 

No,
she wouldn't do this. She was a good Cum Girl. She was obedient &amp;
respectful to Master's wishes &amp; instructions. Master had said she was not
to masterbate &amp; she would not disappoint him. She wouldn't allow her carnal
desires to rule her life. Master wished her to save herself for him &amp; him
alone &amp; she would honour that instruction. Yet still the fingers of her
right hand stroked their steady rhythm in &amp; out of her pussy, still the
fingers of her left hand thrumed backwards &amp; forwards across her engorged
clit, still the pulses of pleasure moved through her making her stomach tense,
her breasts shudder, her breathing deeper. The gentle eddy of water was no more
as her fingers responding to her body started to move faster, pummel deeper,
caress more insistently. Cum Girl threw her head back, took one last look at
the ceiling &amp; shut her eyes to loose herself in a world of pleasure of her
own making.

Maybe
the water cooled too quickly, maybe the bubbles didn't last long enough, maybe
it was the hard edge of the bath against her neck, maybe it was the too bright
bathroom light that burnt against her eyelids, maybe it was the way the water
washed away her pussy juices. Whatever it was something was wrong &amp; despite
her arousal the harder she tried the more her hoped for orgasm deserted her.
Angry, frustrated, she pulled her fingers from her, opened her eyes, stared
about accusingly looking for the culprit, splashed her clenched hand into the
water &amp; sat up. Plug pulled, water whirlpooling down the plughole, she stood
up, stepped out of the bath into the slightly chilly air &amp; wrapped the
warm, thick towel around her rapidly cooling body. A terse pull on the
lighcord. A slam of the door &amp; she headed to her bedroom.

As
much as Cum Girl enjoyed bathing, she enjoyed her after body care so much more.
Bathing to her had always been about cleanliness rather than relaxation &amp;
although she had come to appreciate it's more sensual aspects in recent years
it still wasn't the same as stroking your body witha big fluffy towel. Gently,
oh &amp; sometimes not so gently, running it across her body. Taking it in her
hands &amp; rubbing it into those secret damp places, into those folds of the
skin where moisture seemed to collect &amp; always seemed so difficult; even
with the softest, warmest fluffiest towels; to remove. Beneath her breasts,
under her arms, behind her knee and the back of her thighs, the nape of her
neck, the tiny folds where her arse cheeks met her thighs, the inside of her
elbow and of course the point where her thighs met her torso, the folds of
flesh between her legs which never seemed to dry no matter how thoroughly she
rubbed them with her towel. 

And
with towelling complete there would be the moisturising to follow, the squirt
of lotion from bottle to palm, the joining of palms, spreading and circulating
the lotion across them before they were released to caress her wanton body;
always in same sequence arms, shoulders, feet, ankles, calves, stomach, neck,
breasts, thighs, arse, pussy, hands stroking gently interspersed with deeper,
firmer, more insistant massage of finger tips into oh so gently yielding flesh.
So despite her disappointment in the bathroom, Cum Girl flounced her body down
onto her bed. She took a deep breath and commenced her post bath routine.

15
minutes later, the moisturiser massaged into her body she stood before her
mirror &amp; viewed her shimmering body. Her moisturiser contained glitter
&amp; she admired the way the light reflected of her as she turned this way
then that. Then standing face on to the mirror she parted her legs to shoulder
width, straightened herself till she was as tall as her 5ft 1&quot; height
allowed &amp; clasped her hands behind her neck, elbows out, adopting the
inspection position. Thus positioned she looked on herself as her Master would
view her. Looked over her petite frame, the thin but well proportioned legs
&amp; arms, firm yet with no sign of unattractive muscle, her flat stomach
&amp; well defined waist, the hint of ribs lining her torso (perhaps they
protruded too much? Should she have more flesh there? Maybe she would ask
Master when she saw him next), her small firm breasts, (so many times she'd
wished them bigger, so many times she'd wished for a cleavage, she'd spent
years in padded bras &amp; then when she became Master's Cum Girl &amp; she was
instructed to rid herself of her bras, to leave her breasts free, available for
inspection at all times, that her breasts were just as Master desired &amp;
that she should be proud of them). Pulling herself even more upright Cum Girl
swelled with pride at the thought. Master loved her breasts &amp; yes they were
beautiful. A small droplet of moisture escaped her swollen labia &amp; trickled
slowly down her thigh. Cum Girl sighed.

She
stood, feeling the droplet slide slowly down her inside thigh, trying 2
maintain concentration, trying to maintain her position, staring herself in the
face attempting to ignore the steady progress of moisture that testified to her
arousal. Her stillness, her concentration, just made her increasingly aware of
the descent of her pussy juices. She could feel wetness mid thigh now &amp;
then, to make matters worse, felt another droplet start to descend the other
thigh. She slowly lowered her eyes passing back over her chest, breasts,
stomach til she was staring at her beautiful naked pubis. It too sparkled in
the light. It looked so smooth, so soft, so inviting, so needing of gentle
fingers to caress it. &amp; it was just a gateway, for by lowering her eyes oh
so slightly Cum Girl could see the wet pink folds of her vagina. It wasn't just
wet, it was soaked. Little droplets hung from her labia, her vagina was liquid,
there were juices seeping out of her &amp; dribbling thickly down her thighs,
but worst of all was that hanging between her legs almost to her knees was a
long thin strand of pussy juice following gravities pull towards the floor
&amp; as she stood there watching it fell to the floor where Cum Girl was
ashamed to notice there was a growing stain on the carpet.

Without
thinking, she unclasped her hands, quickly moving her right hand between her
legs to prevent any more mess. Her cum juice pooled in her hand. She brought
her hand up to stop the flow. Stuffing her palm into the soaking flower of
flesh. A shudder rippled through her. &quot;Oh Master, please come home. Please
Master, your Cum Girl is in need&quot;. She switched hands. Her right hand
already soaked &amp; tried to stem the flow with her left. Unthinkingly she
raised her right hand to her mouth &amp; started to lick it clean. The aroma of
her arousal filled her nostrils, so pleasant, so inviting &amp; the taste of
her was on her tongue sweet &amp; sticky, slightly salty yet so fresh. She was
loosing control licking her palm in a frenzid, frentic motion, trying
desperately to fill her mouth with the taste of her, then shoving her soaking
sticky fingers into her wide gapping mouth; all of them, all at once, sucking
hard, just as she did with Master's cock when she needed his cum to fill her.
&amp; her left hand? That was likewise rammed as far as it would go into a
soaking warm wet inviting hole. Four fingers buried as far as they would go,
thrusting hard into her as she tried desperately to fill her cum soaked pussy.

She
fell backwards, falling half on, half off the bed. Back arched. Eyes shut. Lost
in her own desire. One hand stuffed into her mouth. The other frenetically
fucking her pussy. Her body glowing with sweat. All control gone. All decorum
gone. A Cum Slut lost in the well of her own desire.

&amp;
that is how he found her. That is how her Master, returning from 3 days away,
found his Cum Girl.

&quot;Cum
Girl&quot;

Her
eyes flickered open but refused to focus. Her hand deep inside the soft walls
of her pussy continued there rhythmic thrusts, her pelvis rising &amp; falling
to meet each one.

&quot;Cum
Girl&quot;

Now
she saw him, stood above her. Her right hand fell from her mouth. She was
panting, almost hyperventilating.

&quot;What
are you doing Cum Girl?&quot;

&quot;Nothing
Master&quot;, the words escaped her syllable by syllable as she tried to suck
in air.

She
felt it before she saw it. The sting of flesh against flesh. The hard slap of
his hand across her face. Her cheek instantly reddened &amp; started to throb.
She tried to focus on his face. Understand from his eyes what she had done, why
he was punishing her. Their eyes meet, his hard unyielding, unhappy. Slowly he
turned his eyes away from hers &amp; let them travel down her body, over her
sweat soaked body to her pussy &amp; the hand still buried within it &amp; Cum
Girl's eyes followed his till she saw the hand, her own hand, fucking her
pussy, fucking Master's pussy.

&quot;What
are you doing Cum Girl?&quot; The question was repeated &amp; now she knew the
answer.

&quot;Masterbating,
Master.&quot; &amp; now her cheeks truly burned for what sort of Cum Girl was
she to let her Master return &amp; find her like this. She was nothing but a
cheap slut who couldn't control herself for 3 days.

&quot;Have
you been given permission to masterbate, Cum Girl?&quot; His voice was like
gravel.

&quot;No
Master&quot;, her voice, like her body was shaking.

&quot;Leashing&quot;

She
responded immediately. Fell to her knees before her Master, legs spread wide,
hands clasped behind her in the small of her back, head upright and turned to
look over her left shoulder. Her breathing was heavy, her stomach clenching
violently.

Master
collared her. Master leashed her. Master strapped her wrists.

&quot;Obedience&quot;

She
fell onto her hands &amp; knees. Crawled to him. Lowered her head onto his
feet. Kissed his shoes.

&quot;I'm
glad to see that you've managed to remember some of your instructions, Cum
Girl&quot;. There was no laughter in his voice tonight.

&quot;Yes,
Master. Thank you, Master&quot;. Her voice felt small, far away, unworthy.

&quot;She-Sleen&quot;

She
raised her head off his feet. Straightened her arms &amp; back. Continued to
look at the floor.

&quot;Mouth&quot;

She
knew what was coming now. How much she dreaded this part. It filled her stomach
with terror &amp; set her pussy on fire. She opened her mouth slowly,
half-heartedly completing the instruction.

&quot;Wider,
Cum Girl&quot;. His voice cracked across her like a whip &amp; now she rushed
to obey. Opened her mouth as wide as possible to the point where her muscles
hurt instantly.

He
inserted the ball-gag. Securing it hard behind her head. Catching her hair in
the buckle, making her flinch.

&amp;
now his hand was in her hair, pulling her upwards, she could feel the tug of
the leash on her collar pulling her.� She
was thrown on the bed, picked up &amp; placed on all fours, legs spread wide,
arse raised high, head pulled down into the pillow, secured by her leash to the
footboard,� her arms spread wide &amp;
secured likewise. She knew what he required. Would have placed herself in the
position if he'd uttered the instruction, but tonight he seemed determined to
manipulate her himself.

&quot;Punishment&quot;
that was the word for this position. Arms forward or spread. Head down. Arse
raised. Legs shoulder width apart. &amp; only one thing happened in that
position.

He
pulled her head up by her hair, rubbed the crop first down one cheek then the
other. Pushed her head back down again, positioned himself. She felt the crop
rub back &amp; forth across her buttocks, he grabbed her hair again, pulled her
head upwards ...

&quot;Open
your eyes&quot;

She
obeyed instantly. Knew what she would see. Herself bound, gagged, a dirty
little Cum Slut who had embarrassed &amp; humiliated herself, who had forgotten
who she was, forgotten that she was Master's Cum Girl, had lost all sense of
herself &amp; how Master's Cum Girl was expected to behave. &amp; towering
above her, her Master, her patient long suffering Master, who still loved her,
cherished her, nurtured her despite all her failings.

&amp;
the the crop fell.

Sometimes
Master was brief. Sometimes Master was gentle. Sometimes Punishment was but
a� reminder of some improvement that Cum
Girl needed to make. Not tonight. Tonight Cum Girl was truly being punished.
The crop fell hard &amp; fast. Cutting into flesh. Welts appearing instantly
across Cum Girl's small buttocks. Pain shot through her, her body finched with
each stroke but she maintained her position.

Her
Master had always stopped at 12 strokes before but not this time. On they went,
13, 14, 15. Tears started to trickle down her face. 16, 17. Each stroke was
agony. Her arse pulsating in pain. 18. He stopped. &amp; then she felt him. His
hard cock pushing at her anus, entering her, thrusting deep into her, his
thighs slapping against her raw punished arse, fucking her hard, fast furious,
fucking her thoughtlessly, frenzidly, fucking her so that she no longer knew
whether this was sex, whether this was love, whether this was punishment. But
Cum Girl no longer cared. Her Master was back. Back in her house. Back in her
bed. Back inside her body. Back to order her life. &amp; as he came deep inside
her, as he thrust one final gloriously deep time along the length of her anal
canal, as his cock shuddered &amp; his cum shot forth to fill her, her own
orgasm exploded through her.

They
collapsed together. Lay entwined together. His breath heavy on her cheek. Her's
laboured beneath her gag.

Eventually
he pulled himself out of her. Opened the draw of the cabinet next to her bed.
Took out her bikini bottoms, an extremely large &amp; unpleasant pair of briefs
she had bought many years ago, but which Master had allowed her to keep when
she had pleaded that there may be occassions when she would need to wear
underwear. He pulled them up her legs to cover her soaked pussy, her cum filled
anus, her welted buttocks.

&quot;Cum
Girl, I left you for three days &amp; during that time you could not control
yourself. You have deliberately &amp; knowingly breached my instruction about
masterbation. I left a Cum Girl &amp; return to find a Cum Slut. You have
disappointed your Master &amp; should be embarrassed &amp; ashamed of how your
Master found you tonight. You will wear this disgusting garment for the next 3
days as a mark of your disobedience &amp; Master's displeasure with you. You
will not remove them either day or night except for bathing &amp; to use the
toilet. You will not touch that which is contained within that garment under
any circumstances. Is that clear, Cum Girl?&quot;

&quot;Yes
Master&quot; I mumbled from beneath my gag.

&amp;
so I sit here now, 3 days later in my disgusting panties, sticky &amp; filthy
from my Master's cum &amp; the constant dripping of my humiliation, finishing
my tale &amp; waiting for my Master to arrive, to remove them, to wash me, to
shave my pubis, to hold me in his arms, to make love to me, so that I know once
more that I'm not some cheap Cum Slut, so I know once more that I am Master's
Cum Girl.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cum Girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





