BDSM Library - Raped into Submission




Raped into Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young man is taken prisoner by an innocent-looking woman who turns him into her sex slave.








 
  October_Raven
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  5
  2007-05-20T15:45:00Z
  2007-05-20T15:45:00Z
  4
  2078
  11845
  Keiser College
  98
  27
  13896
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






I
was walking home from work like every other day. I cut through alleys a lot,
because it's much faster than walking the streets and I knew this city well. I
knew it so well that I kept a knife with me at all times just to be on the safe
side. So when I hear a trash can being knocked over, I turned around, pulling
out the blade. I didn't hear a cat's meow, so I called out at once. &quot;Who's
there?&quot;.

&nbsp;

Then
she came. 5'2''-ish, red-headed petit young woman, no older than 19... well,
not entirely petit, she had a very good pair of breasts just barely covered by
a red halter top. She was also wearing a skirt with fishnet stockings. She
wasn't wearing heels; however, she was wearing tennis shoes and carried a
handbag with her. She looked at me sheepishly.


&quot;Sorry... I thought you were a mugger or something...could you put that
knife away please?&quot;

&nbsp;

Her
voice was silky and erotic, and also hard to refuse. I put the blade back in my
pocket and walked to her slowly.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
know, you shouldn't be out here on your own, this is a dangerous city.&quot;
With the streetlight behind us I could see there were goosebumps on her fair
skin. &quot;Are you cold? Here, you can wear my shirt.&quot; I took it off and
handed it to her. She blushed at the sight of my bare body, but took my top and
slipped it on. Even though it was way too big for her you could still see her
plump breasts.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thanks,&quot;
she said, smiling at me and looking at my feet. &quot;You can walk me home if
you want. I live on 42nd street&quot;. Even if it wasn't on my way I still
would have helped her out. I walked her to her place and we exchanged our names
on the way. She lived in one of those two-story flats that shares walls with
other buildings. She stepped to the door, still wearing my shirt. &quot;You got
to be cold yourself. I got some decaf coffee if you want some.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
was a stranger, but I figured it would be rude to refuse her. And while I
wasn't athletic myself I still had to be at least a little stronger than her.
She had the place very neat and well kept, and led me to a small dining room. 

&nbsp;

She
called to me from the kitchen.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey,
my couch folds out to a bed. If you want you can stay the night,&quot; she
asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
appreciate it, but I should get home. I got a library book to pick up.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
okay... well maybe we can go out on Saturday?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
paused. I wasn't working Saturday... but I already had a girlfriend, although
she was visiting family in Albany. If I had any vacation days left I would have
went with her. Still, I loved her, and didn't want to cheat on her even if it
meant not being with anyone for another week or so.

&nbsp;

&quot;Sorry,
I'm working then,&quot; I said with the most sincerity I could muster.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
a shame,&quot; she answered. A half-minute later she brought the coffee cups
too us. I sipped it, enjoying the warmth and the taste. &quot;Mmm. You got the
sugar just ri...right... on...&quot; That's when I blacked out.

&nbsp;

I
woke up with my vision blurry, and I couldn't move my arms or legs. I felt satin
caressing my back, and I could tell there was a light above me. I tried to get
up but my wrists refused to move.

&nbsp;

&quot;Finally
you woke up. I was worried I made you overdose,&quot; said the voice that I
recognized as my hostess'. I saw a figure climb on top of me, the weight of her
body over my crotch. My vision cleared and I saw she was now wearing very a
tight black leather top barely covering her breasts.

&nbsp;

&quot;Um...
I should really I get home... and I kind of have a girlfriï¿½&quot;

&nbsp;

She
put her hand over my mouth. &quot;This is your home now. You're my slave from
this moment forward. I usually just hand meat like you to the black market...
but you... you look good enough to eat.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
screamed, and she stuffed a gag in my mouth forcibly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tsk,
tsk. Nobody would have heard you anyways, I've soundproofed this room. You'll
notice you're naked now... I burned your clothes, took the money out of your
wallet then burned your wallet too. You won't need them anymore... ever. Of
course I didn't just drug you with a sleeping pill... what's the point of a
nice little pet like you if you won't get hard? Your Viagra should be kicking
in...ooh, there it goes...&quot;

&nbsp;

I
muffled a scream of protest, and she picked up a small flogger and whacked my
face with it.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
you don't want me now, I'll make sure you're willing to pleasure me for the
rest of your pathetic life.&quot; She then raised her body up, spread her legs
a little more, and then held on to my hard cock as she slowly forced it inside
of her, then starting riding it with gusto. I tried to struggle but my hands
and feet had only an inch of movement at best. Apparently my hips were still
moving, as she moaned as I struggled, pinching my nipples as I moaned in pain.
She continued to ride my cock, whipping my body with the flogger, until she
suddenly stopped mounting me.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
going to take your gag out so you can taste your mistress' come for the first
of many, many times. If you scream again I'll squeeze your balls until they
burst. Understand?&quot; I nodded as she took the gag off, and then knelt above
me her wet vagina smothering my face. &quot;Lick me, slave.&quot; she ordered,
but I didn't obey. She whipped my balls with the flogger and I had to bite my
lip to avoid screaming. She then stood on the bed, looking down at me.
&quot;Fine, I'll do it myself. But you're going to pay for it, slave.&quot; She
placed her fingers into her moist pussy and fucked herself until she came, then
knelt down on my bare chest. She then took her fingers and smeared her come all
over my face. She placed her fingers back inside of her and forced them in my
mouth. &quot;If you don't lick them you'll be tasting your own vomit. And if
you throw up I swear you'll regret it for every second of your pathetic
life.&quot; I sucked her fingers clean then she teased my cock slowly. &quot;Do
you like that slave? Do you want me to let you come?&quot; I nodded my head.
&quot;Well that's too bad. Because one of the drugs I put in your coffee is one
of my own invention. It numbs your pleasure centers and keeps you from
experiencing any enjoyment while I fuck your pathetic body. As long as you make
me drug you to keep your cock hard, you'll never get to come no matter how hard
I fuck you.&quot; She grinned at me. &quot;Now, I need to prepare you for your
punishment for not licking my cunt clean. But first, I have to put you in the
proper position. I can't trust you to let me do that... so...&quot; she started
backhanding my face hard until I blacked out from the punishment.

&nbsp;

I
woke up facing a brick wall. I felt pressure on my wrists judging from the fact
that they were straight up in the air and not moving that she bound me by them.
She also bound my legs, but she did so with a spreader bar. I couldn't see, but
I could hear her walking behind me.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now...
first, a reminder of your place.&quot; I felt a painful sting as a whip's lash
raked across my back. It wasn't like the flogger, which was blunter and less
painful. This was agonizing, and I moaned in pain into the ball gag that was
crammed back in my mouth. She continued to whip my back. I felt the welts rise
up on my body, when she suddenly stopped when my skin was finally broken.
&quot;Looks like you're bleeding, slave.&quot; She said, then licked the wound
she made. &quot;That means I'm halfway through whipping your pathetic
body.&quot; She kept going, this time striking my ass with the bullwhip. My
pleas for her to stop were muffled by the gag in my mouth, and every strike
just seemed harder and with more malice than the one before it. Finally, she
stopped... but then I felt every wound on my body light up at once. My cries
were barely muffled by the gag as she laughed at my agony. &quot;What's wrong,
slave? You don't like me pouring salt on your wounds? Well I just love the way
you squirm when I do it...it made my pussy wet....mmm&quot; I could hear her
moaning as she pleasured herself, and then after she climaxed she walked to me.
She pulled the gag out of my mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please....
please let me go...&quot; I begged, but she shut me up by cramming her
come-soaked fingers in my mouth. As she did so her other hand crept to my cock.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mmm...
you don't look like you want to leave, slave. I think you enjoy the taste of my
cunt juice. Look how nice and hard your little cock has gone...&quot; She
teased the head with her fingers, then grabbed onto my balls tightly.
&quot;That must mean I'm close to breaking you. Already your mind is
surrendering to me, letting you enjoy your new life as my slave.&quot; She
pulled her fingers out of my mouth then put the gag back on me. &quot;I've
already taken everything from you. Don't think anyone's going to look for you.
After three days, police will give up in looking for you. And not another soul
saw you walk into my apartment. Nobody knows you're here... and your tears
prove it to me.&quot; She was right, I was crying at this point. &quot;I don't
need your money, so I didn't risk taking your credit cards... after all, that's
the only way anyone can try and find me. The state will take all your assets.
Your life before entering my room is now no more. Outside of this room you're
less than a memory... but no, I haven't taken everything, have I slave? No, you
still have two things... no, not your body. That's mine and the chains you're
in are the proof of it. The first is your soul, which I'll get from you very
soon... the second I'm going to take right now... the second thing you still
have, slave... is your anal cherry.&quot; I heard her putting something on...
what I couldn't see, even if I wanted to look back at what she had planned at
me, I was trapped, a fly caught in a spider's web. Then I felt something poking
at my ass and realized at once she was wearing a strapon cock. She wrapped her
arms around my chest, pulling at my nipples, then thrust the dildo into my ass.
I screamed as loud as I could, and tried to beg her to stop, but even if she
understood me, it was obvious she wasn't going to let me go. I felt her cock
ripping my ass, and she made it even worse by taunting me. &quot;Mmm, your hole
is so fucking tight, slave... but we're going to make it nice and wide like a
little whore's should be. Because guess what, slave? I like to share my toys
with my friends. Oh we're going to have so much fun as we fuck your ass and
make you lick our cunts... you're already getting loose...&quot; she took my
gag out and I kept on screaming, knowing nobody would hear me but her. My cries
of agony seemed to make her horny once more and before I knew it she came
again. But she didn't stop fucking me for what seemed like an eternity

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
exhausted... but you still need to learn your lesson... so I'm just going to
have to try out my new invention....&quot;

&nbsp;

She
walked out of the room, then came back, her steps accompanied by squeaking
wheels. She then stuck something, another dildo I was sure, halfway up my
asshole.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
a fucking machine. Something you're going to become yourself when I'm finished
breaking you. It's going to fuck your ass all day and night. You've already
been fucked in the ass for an hour... let's see how you'll feel in twenty-four
hours time. Meanwhile, I'm going to pleasure myself to your sweet cries of
agony... then I'm going shopping. Have a good time, slave...&quot;

&nbsp;

She
then turned the fucking machine on and I felt my ass being pounded mercilessly.
I tried to struggle but it was no use, I couldn't get the machine to stop.
After I heard her come again she pushed the machine even closer to me, then I
heard a click as it thrusted faster and harder. Eventually I realized there was
nothing I could do but take it in the ass like the meat puppet I've become.

&nbsp;

I
lost track of time, and I was so sleepy, but the pain in my asshole kept me
awake for so long. Eventually even that wasn't enough to keep my eyes open as I
fell asleep with the fucking machine still violating my bleeding ass.

&nbsp;

When
I woke up, I was bound in a kneeling position, unable to move. Not only were my
legs bound together but my hands and ankles were tied up and there was a collar
around my neck, I tried moving my head down and got maybe an inch before I was
stopped. I was all but immobile. Then she came, and without even saying
anything whipped my face with her flogger for a full minute. Then she stopped.
&quot;Not even begging me to stop. That's a very good sign that my fucking
machine did its job. Now... we had a little problem with you and licking my
cunt didn't we? Let's see if you've learned to do as you are told. But
first...&quot; she pulled out a pair of alligator clamps and put them on my
nipples. I groaned from the pain as they cut into my flesh. &quot;Now, lick
me.&quot; She grabbed the chain around my throat for support as she wrapped her
sexy thighs around my head. I didn't even hesitate to pleasure her with my
tongue, caressing her cunt and sucking on her tender clit. It wasn't long until
her juices flowed into my mouth and I eagerly lapped it up.

&nbsp;

She
had finally broken me. She unbound me, and I did not even attempt to escape. I
simply kissed her perfect toes in utter obedience. Then, she let me wank myself
off in front of her, and forced me to eat my own come afterwards.

&nbsp;

The
rest of my life felt like a dream. I couldn't think for myself, I was only
doing everything my mistress commanded. I only came on command, and soon
enough, I stopped coming altogether, as I no longer needed to be rewarded with
release. To be the slave of the goddess who kept me hostage was all I needed.
She sold my body to her friends, and let them fuck and torture me to their
heart's desire. I had become a total slut, and loved every moment of it. Not
for the pleasure of being fucked by such lovely, gorgeous woman. I loved it because
my mistress loved it.

&nbsp;

My
only regret after I was finally broken was that I could not serve my mistress
forever. Eventually I would die, or she would die. And I hated that fact. But
she told me I would get to be her personal bitch in the afterlife, and after
telling me I should be happy about that, I smiled and became happy.

&nbsp;

I
was nothing more than her puppet.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lonely Puppet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





