BDSM Library - Sharing Elizabeth




Sharing Elizabeth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: While Mistress is away for the night, she shares her latest slut with her sadistic friend.  Part 1 of 1.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-05-26T23:53:00Z
  2007-05-26T23:53:00Z
  7
  2593
  14784
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  123
  34
  17343
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Samantha Jones
gasped as Elizabeth wiggled her tongue deep into her ass, enjoying the slut's
degradation almost as much as she was enjoying the rim job.&nbsp; She had
arrived only a thirty minutes ago, meeting young Elizabeth for the first time.

�

It was a standard
suburban house, in a standard suburban neighborhood, quiet at one in the
morning.&nbsp; When she had knocked, she had been greeted at the door by
Elizabeth; had she not been shown pictures of her before, she would have been
shocked.&nbsp; Elizabeth was a gorgeous girl of sixteen, with long, dark brown
hair, big, innocent brown eyes, full, pouty lips, and a great figure on a
petite frame.&nbsp; Elizabeth had been wearing the schoolgirl outfit her
mistress had chosen for her:&nbsp; Mary Janes over knee-high white socks, a
short, pleated plaid skirt, a tight, white fitted shirt accenting her figure,
and a tie to complete the look.&nbsp;

�

It had been a
lucky day when Jenny had chosen her as her trainer at the gym.&nbsp; It quickly
became apparent to each of them that they enjoyed the same thing:&nbsp; young,
submissive, female flesh.&nbsp; It had become kind of a game, sharing their
conquests, seeing how far each of them could push the little cum-sluts.&nbsp;
Elizabeth was just the latest in a long line of Jenny's toys, but, for all
that, a particularly young and beautiful one, and, according to Jenny, an true
masochist.

�

The first thing
she had done when the door had opened was to step into the house, grabbing
Elizabeth by the back of the neck, closing the door behind her while she
pressed her lips against her girl's.&nbsp; It had been a hard, bruising kiss,
her tongue probing the girl's mouth, teeth clashing against teeth, as her hands
explored the smooth, silky skin of the teen.&nbsp; Her hands ran across the
firm flesh of Elizabeth's ass and thighs, pressing it, feeling the quiver of
excitement and trepidation flowing through the submissive teen as their kiss
intensified.&nbsp; It had been a kiss of domination, setting the scene, as she
liked to say.

�

She had led the
girl to the kitchen table and sat her down, sitting down across from her.&nbsp;
Samantha always found this part exciting, building the anticipation, seeing the
fear and submissiveness in the eyes of one of Jenny's sluts.

�

&quot;You know
why I'm here.&quot;

�

&quot;Yes,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Why?&quot;

�

&quot;So that I
may demonstrate my obedience to my Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;And how are
you going to do that, slut?&quot;

�

&quot;By letting
you use me in any way you wish, Mistress.&quot;

�

Samantha had
smiled, a predatory smile.&nbsp; &quot;Did you know that Jenny requested that I
do certain things to you?&quot;

�

&quot;No,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Do you wish
to hear what they are?&quot;

�

&quot;...&quot;

�

&quot;Well?&quot;

�

&quot;As you so
wish, Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Very good
answer, slave.&nbsp; I do wish.&nbsp; Let's see, she said she wanted you to
suffer; that you would enjoy that.&nbsp; That I was to bind you in an
'extremely uncomfortable' position.&nbsp; Her words.&nbsp; She also said that I
was to use you as my toilet.&nbsp; Do you like drinking girl-piss, slave?&quot;

�

Samantha loved
the way Elizabeth's eyes had widened when she said that.

�

&quot;I don't
know, Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Really?&nbsp;
Well, I sure hope you like it.&nbsp; Jenny plans to start using you as her
toilet.&nbsp; You'll be drinking piss every night from now on if I know
her.&nbsp; What she really wanted me to do, though, was to whip your slutty
little pussy.&nbsp; You ever had your pussy whipped, slut?&quot;

�

&quot;Yes,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Did you
like it?&quot;

�

&quot;No,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;That's not
what Jenny told me.&nbsp; She said that the last time she whipped your precious
little cunt you came so hard that you almost passed out.&nbsp; Is that true,
slut?&quot;

�

&quot;...&quot;

�

&quot;I asked, is
that true?&quot;

�

&quot;Yes,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;So you lied
to me when you said you didn't like getting your pussy whipped.&quot;

�

&quot;No,
Mistress.&nbsp; It hurt so bad.&quot;

�

&quot;You like
being hurt, though, don't you?&quot;

�

&quot;Yes,
Mistress.&quot;

�

&quot;Say it.&quot;

�

&quot;I like
being hurt.&quot;

�

&quot;And?&quot;

�

&quot;...&nbsp; I
like it when my Mistress hurts my slutty body;&nbsp; I like it when she whips
my slutty pussy.&quot;

�

She had taken
Elizabeth to Jenny's play room, the garage, and had had her kneel, knees
spread, hands behind her head, as she unwrapped her.&nbsp; It had been great
fun, walking slowly around the kneeling girl, unbuttoning a button to reveal
more of the teens smooth, creamy flesh; running a hand up the inside of her
thigh, feeling the faint trembling of her muscles; sliding her fingers between
the teens full, pouty lips, feeling the moist cavern of her mouth suckle them
even as her other hand pressed spread across the slut's ass, her finger finding
the rosebud of her asshole, making her hips jerk slightly as she pressed into
that steaming hole.&nbsp; Her breasts were delectable, full and round and just
slightly larger than Samantha's hand, topped with small pink nipples hard with
lust.

�

Samantha had
mocked the slut's obviously growing excitement as she slid off the girl's
shirt, a hand reaching down to play with the moistening flesh of the girl's
cunt, another hand squeezing one of those perfect breasts until the slut moaned
in masochistic pleasure.&nbsp; She had left the girl her skirt, socks and
shoes, loving the way they set off her pale flesh.

�

Now she was
sitting on Elizabeth's face, slowly grinding her ass against the young girls
lips.&nbsp; The view wasn't bad either; Samantha had bound the slut into a
pancake.&nbsp; Elizabeth was on her back, her arms bound behind her, giving her
back a beautiful arch.&nbsp; Her ankles had been pulled towards her head,
bending her in half, then pulled apart until they each formed about a 45 degree
angle with her body.&nbsp; Straps around her thighs, knees, calves, stomach,
and chest ensured that she was completely immobilized and flat against the
mat.&nbsp; The bondage had two additional advantages:&nbsp; it was extremely
uncomfortable, even for a slut as young and flexible as Elizabeth; and it
spread her cunt and ass wide open for abuse.

�

Samantha tapped
on the thick, ridged dildo extruding from Elizabeth's ass, smiling again at the
small jerking movements of the slut's hips.&nbsp; Elizabeth's cunt was swollen
and red, her clit swollen and throbbing, tormented by the vibrator that
Samantha had been teasing it with for the last fifteen minutes, fifteen minutes
where she was alternately rimming the dyke's ass and sucking at her
cunt-flesh.&nbsp; Samantha had wanted to take is slow, wanted to enjoy this
tender morsel of masochistic flesh given to her use.&nbsp; She had bound her, plugged
her ass, had her use her mouth and tongue as her Mistress had taught her, and
had slowly tormented her sex.&nbsp; Samantha loved the way the girl's cunt
juices oozed up from the pit of her cunt, the way her lips swelled and spread
open, the way her clit hardened and throbbed beneath the vibrator's touch.

�

Now she reached
to the side and picked up a small metal alligator clamp, shifting her own hips
so that the girl's mouth started working her pussy, her tongue darting into the
inner folds of her flesh, her mouth sucking and massaging her cunt.&nbsp;
Quickly Samantha trapped the girl's clit in the clamp, crushing it.&nbsp;
Samantha placed her hands on the back of the slut's thighs and leaned into her,
feeling the girl's quivering agony, closing her eyes in bliss as the scream
from the girl exploded against her cunt, bringing her so close to orgasm.&nbsp;
She held back though, letting her peak subside as the girl beneath her stopped
shaking and screaming, her body adjusting to, accepting the pain.

�

Samantha slid
down a bit more, bringing her clit in reach of Elizabeth's tongue, and moaned
as the little slave-slut took up her duties through her tears of pain.&nbsp;
Her mistress had taught her well, and Samantha was brought close to orgasm
almost immediately.&nbsp; She brought the vibrator against the clip, the sound
of the vibrator against the hard metal rough to her ears; Elizabeth's body
bucked at the contact, as if electrocuted, and quivered in its bonds, Samantha
watching as the girl's cunthole spasmed again and again, cunt-juice flowing out
of it, running down her ass, the ass dildo jerking back and forth as the slut
orgasmed.&nbsp; Samantha growled in lust and shoved the vibrator into the
slut's cunt, slamming the clit-tickler against the alligator clip, Elizabeth
moaning with overloaded sensation.

�

Samantha turned
quickly and straddled the girl's head, grabbing the slut's hair and smashing
her cunt against Elizabeth's mouth.&nbsp; She ground her clit and cunt over the
moaning, quaking girl's lips, one huge orgasm after another rocking her body,
her back arching, her head thrown back as she screamed in pleasure.

�

Elizabeth looked
dazedly at the ceiling of the garage, sore and spent from her orgasm.&nbsp; Her
Mistress was gone until the morning, and had given her to Mistress Samantha to use,
for, as she said, &quot;Sluts should be used every day.&quot;&nbsp; Her body
ached from the bondage she was in, and she trembled in anticipation of what was
to come; Mistress has gagged her with a large ball gag, making her jaw
ache.&nbsp; She knew what the ball gag meant--it meant that she was going to be
screaming very soon.

�

She looked up as
she heard Mistress Samantha walk up to her, her hands covered in latex gloves,
holding a small jar.

�

&quot;You're
going to love this, you little pain-slut,&quot; she said, kneeling by Elizabeth's
spread cunt.

�

Elizabeth
watched, her neck straining, as, her hips twitching, as Mistress rubbed her
cunt, spreading her lips wide with one hand.&nbsp; She quickly poured the
contents of the jar over Elizabeth's cunt, rubbing it into her clit, shoving
her fingers deep into her pussy and ass, soaking her swollen sex with the oily
substance.&nbsp; The burning started almost immediately, and the screaming
quickly followed.&nbsp; Her whole groin felt like it was on fire; it was
unbearable.&nbsp; Her young bound body strained insanely against her bonds, her
head thrown back as she screamed and sobbed in agony.&nbsp; Nothing but pain
filled her mind, her struggles bruising her flesh against her bonds, her flesh
feeling like it was being torn away.&nbsp; She screamed and screamed and
screamed, the sound muffled by the gag stretching her jaws, her eyes seeing
nothing as the torment seemed to go on forever.

�

Then another pain
flashed through her like a shot, and a sound like the backfire of a car pulled
her head up to see her Mistress standing over her, her firm buttocks visible as
she faced Elizabeth's burning cunt.&nbsp; Then she saw the cane come down from
between her Mistress's legs and splat directly into her spread pussy,
cunt-slime spraying out from the blow as the agony took her breath away,
stopping her screams and her sobs.&nbsp; Again and again the cane struck her
cunt, smashing into her clit and cunt-meat, sending the juices splattering
across the garage, sending the burning agony into the background to be replaced
with the more immediate, more brutal torture.

�

Elizabeth gurgled
into her gag, her mind overwhelmed; something deep in the pit of her stomach
seemed to uncurl, sucking the agony being delivered to her sex, magnifying the
burning, magnifying the caning, making her want it.&nbsp; She screamed, but
this time for more, and she felt her body exploding as the cane came down
again, her orgasm ripping her apart, her cunt fountaining pussy juice as her
body vibrated in its bonds.

�

Samantha gripped
the cane, lust buzzing through her body as she watched Jenny's slave-girl cum,
her own pleasure at beating such a tender morsel of flesh seemingly dwarfed by
the slut's quivering body.&nbsp; To respond to torture like that; Elizabeth was
special, a beautiful, lustful, sexy, masochist.&nbsp; Samantha suppressed a
quiver as her mind raced:&nbsp; she wanted to destroy this bitch, wanted to
whip her until she was bloody, pierce her tits and cunt and nose like she was
an animal, to press hot cigarettes against that perfect flesh, to scar her,
hurt her, turn her into a mewling sex-beast.&nbsp;

�

A growl came from
her as she strode over to the workbench and pulled a strap-on out of her bag
and quickly put it on.&nbsp; 12 inches long with metal studs, she called it the
punisher, and she wanted to punish.&nbsp; She practically fell on top of the
still spasming girl, slamming the dildo into the sluts steaming cunt, driving
it hard against her womb.&nbsp; Elizabeth, her mind lost in a fog of ecstasy
and agony grunted as the strap-on hit home.&nbsp; Samantha quickly tore the gag
out of Elizabeth's mouth, kissing her brutally, her hands tangled in the slut's
hair, clawing at her head as she fucked the young girl.

�

Five inches of
the strap-on remained outside of the girl's stretched, quivering
fuck-box.&nbsp; Samantha pulled her hips back and slammed them down, intent on
hurting.&nbsp; Elizabeth grunted and screamed into Samantha's mouth, her breath
being stolen by the lesbian.&nbsp; Again and again Samantha brought the
strap-on down into the bound girl, the girl grunting in masochistic agony with
each blow to her womb.&nbsp; Samantha was in frenzy; she wanted to devour this
slut whole.&nbsp; She trembled when she felt the cunt's womb give way, and the
punisher slid all the way into the girl's body.&nbsp; She relished the agonized
moan from her slave and the way her body started shaking.

�

She gyrated on
top of the girl, grinding their clits together, impaling her with 12 thick
inches of fake cock, their breasts sliding across each others, their bodies
slick with sweat, her mouth locked on the girl's, possessing her, owning her,
cumming hard and feeling the slut cum with her, their bodies locked together in
quivering ecstasy.&nbsp;

�

Samantha lay
there for long minutes, coming down from her cum, before rising up off the
girl, pulling the huge strap-on out.&nbsp; She stood over Elizabeth, the sweat
cooling on her body, her breathing still heavy, and watched as Elizabeth's cunt
slowly closed.&nbsp; Elizabeth looked gorgeous:&nbsp; bound, sweaty, her
thighs, ass, cunt and stomach slick with her cum, her eyes closed, her hair
wild, her lips swollen, her chest rising and falling with her labored
breathing.&nbsp;

�

Elizabeth opened
her eyes when she felt Samantha's hands in her hair again, pulling her head
up.&nbsp; She saw the woman kneeling astride her, Samantha's cunt inches from
her mouth.

�

&quot;Open your
mouth, cunt.&nbsp; I'm going to take a piss, and you are going to swallow every
drop.&nbsp; If one drop spills, I'm going to shove my fist so far up your ass
it'll come out your mouth.&quot;

�

Elizabeth groaned
as she opened her mouth, her face coloring in humiliation as the first splash
of Mistress Samantha's piss hit her tongue.&nbsp; She almost gagged as the
acrid taste and smell of piss filled her senses, but suppressed the urge and
began swallowing.&nbsp; It seemed to go on forever; she couldn't keep up.&nbsp;
It dribbled down her chin and across her neck.

&nbsp;

When she was
done, Samantha leaned back and started unstrapping her toilet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Clean
yourself up, slut,&quot; she commanded, leaving the girl writhing on the ground
as freedom from her bondage sent a spasm of cramps through her young body.

&nbsp;

Forty minutes
later, sore and exhausted, but clean, Elizabeth found herself kneeling on all
fours, her knees spread, her calves strapped down to the floor, and her mouth
impaled on a large dildo attached to the wall, with straps around her head
keeping the end of the fake phallus pressed against the back of her throat and
her nose pressed against the wall.&nbsp; Strong clamps drove an aching pain
into her nipples, stretching them painfully via a cord through an eyebolt on
the floor.&nbsp; The other end of the cord was attached to another clamp
sending agony through her clit.&nbsp; Samantha had shortened the cord so that
her clit and breasts were pulled obscenely from her body.

&nbsp;

For the last
twenty minutes, Samantha had been fucking her in the ass, impaling her young,
tortured body with another huge strap-on, this one double-sided.&nbsp; The
sight of Elizabeth bound, tortured, on all fours, her mouth impaled, her
breasts stretched, her clit tortured, her beautiful, gorgeous, sexy ass spread
and raised, had rekindled Samantha's lust.&nbsp; Her power over such a sexy
young slut, the pain and humiliation she could visit upon her, was an
aphrodisiac.&nbsp; Fucking the slut in the ass was such a feeling of domination
that she had already cum twice, and was working on a third, sweat making her
body shine.

&nbsp;

Every thrust of
Mistress Samantha made Elizabeth moan through the dildo stretching her lips,
pain from her jiggling breasts spiking pain into her clamped clit with every
jerk of her body.&nbsp; She was sore, spent; even so, her position, her
domination, the pain, the dildo driving into her ass, all mixed together in her
exhausted mind and body to send shivers of sexual release through her
body.&nbsp; For the last ten minutes, she felt like she had been in a state of
constant low-level orgasm, pleasure riding on top of the beating her sexy young
body was taking, her muscles shaking in her bondage, her thighs slick with her
own cum.

&nbsp;

An hour later
Samantha relaxed on the couch inside, her legs spread as Elizabeth, her arms
bound behind her in a reverse-prayer, her nether holes plugged with two huge
vibrators, kneeled on the floor lapped expertly at her pussy.&nbsp;&nbsp; She
was pretty much spent, but it was going to be about four hours before Jenny got
home to her slave, and she wanted to leave something special for her
friend.&nbsp; Maybe she could mount Elizabeth on the horse, and use the
electrified dildo.&nbsp; Four hours of that would certainly leave Elizabeth in
a state.&nbsp; She smiled at the thought and came again. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Wiley Hunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





