BDSM Library - A Day at Snuff High




A Day at Snuff High
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: At the big Snuff High Homecoming pep rally, 5 lovely young students give it all up in the name of school spirit. Inspired by Dolcett, reminiscent of Splyf.







I actually wrote this story when I was in High School myself, and had it
put up on the old Black Spectre story site

 
  Matthew Charles Carneal
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-05-26T23:59:00Z
  2007-05-26T23:59:00Z
  8
  3881
  22125
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  184
  51
  25955
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






I actually wrote this story when I was in High School
myself, and had it put up on the old Black Spectre story site. I recently found
it on Ziggyred's story archive. I'm posting it here with some revisions and
corrections. Hope everyone enjoys! If anyone has any of my other stories from
Black Spectre I would love to be able to look at and work on them again.
Thanks!

&nbsp;

A Day At Snuff High

By Ravenous

&nbsp;

�� The students had
gathered in the gym, and a general sense of excitement prevailed. This was the
homecoming pep rally at Snuff High, and according to tradition, several of the
sweetest young things on campus would be snuffed to help get everyone revved up
for the game. This kind of tradition also served another purpose for Snuff
High: by selling videos of the everyday activities that went on at the school,
they had become one of the best funded, most elite high schools in the world.
In addition to this, they never had to pay for food from the outside, as they
had an endless supply of their own &quot;cattle&quot;. This supply was
maintained by offering free schooling from many of the greatest professors in
the world to appealing female students, who were often convinced to take their
chances by the large number of eligible candidates and the rule that if a girl
made it two years she was exempt from lottery selection for non-consensual
snuffing. The lottery was not the only way girls ended up snuffed, however:
many girls who had every intention of surviving when they arrived became so
filled with school spirit and came to regard the prospect of public execution
as so erotic that they willingly offered themselves up, and non-consensual
snuffing was always a potential penalty for those girls who violated academic
or behavioral regulations. In addition to income from the videos sold on the
international market, there was the exorbitant tuition paid by powerful
families who wanted the best education for their sons and personal access to
school events for themselves. These huge amounts of money always allowed for
some excellent, high budget spectacles every year and this homecoming
celebration was one of the most anticipated of them all.

&nbsp;

� The event kicked of
as the lights suddenly went down and the crowd began to cheer wildly. When the
lights came back up, a stage with a gallows on it had appeared as though by
magic, causing the cheers to become even wilder as the students got ready to
witness the end of a few of their female peers. The roar from the gym stirred
the butterflies in the stomach of a 16 year-old girl named Nikki, who was
standing nude in the locker room, proudly taking a last look at the gorgeous,
nubile body which she had so carefully waxed clean the night before. Nikki was
naturally a little afraid of what was about to happen, but she was still a very
willing victim. She felt full of energy, purified by the internal cleansing
given to the girls that prevented any unfortunate bodily functions from marring
her performance or her meat. Nikki's heart was pounding in her ears as she
stepped through the door to the gym and flashed a smile at the crowd, which
erupted into applause.

&nbsp;

� Steve, the
quarterback of the football team, who was wearing only a black executioner's
mask and a pair of jeans met her at the door, silently
putting a hand around her waist and leading her across the gym floor. He
brought her up to the gallows' steps and stood her on the trapdoor, facing the
crowd. He was wearing a microphone under his hood, and when he finally spoke
his voice boomed from the speakers above the gym. &quot;Are you ready Nikki?&quot;
He asked. She nodded yes, and he addressed the assembled students. &quot;Are
you ready to watch Nikki here swing?&quot; he demanded. The crowd roared their
answer, and Nikki dutifully put her hands behind her back to be handcuffed. The
cold metallic click of the cuffs as they closed around her hands sent shivers
down her spine. At this time the thick hemp noose was lowered from above, and
Nikki tried to steady herself, breathing fast as it was slipped around her
neck. Steve's voice came again from the speakers: &quot;Now Nikki, this is a
very slow noose, and it's short enough that your neck will remain intact when
you fall. That should make a good show for the rest of us. Now you don't have
to do a thing, just hang on as long as you can and show us all how strong a
Snuff High girl is, alright?&quot;

&nbsp;

� Nikki nodded and
braced herself, steeling herself against the pain that was to follow. She took
a deep breath and looked to Steve, who yanked a lever, dropping the floor out
from under her. She fell about two feet, and was jerked to a stop as the rope
pulled tight. Nikki felt her air cut off, and the incredible pain of all of her
weight against the rope, tearing into the soft skin of her neck. She couldn't
breathe, and the noose was digging into her so hard! Nikki felt herself begin
to panic now - this is what they told her it would be like, but she hadn't
really been ready for it. She was still willing, but there was something else
rising within her now, too. She still wanted to hang on as long as possible for
the spectators, but instinct was also pointlessly driving her to live as long
as she could. Although intellectually she knew that it was no use she began to
struggle. The students were cheering as Nikki jerked on the end of the rope, and especially as she twisted her narrow shoulders and
kicked her legs, bouncing her pert breasts and exposing her exquisitely smooth
pussy. After about two minutes, she began to move less, so Steve picked up a
cattle prod and gave her a good solid jolt, sending new waves of pain through
her tortured body, and tearing her away from the black comfort of
unconsciousness. The way her entire body went taut when the electricity hit her
was amazing, revealing the youthful muscles under her soft, girlish skin. She
lasted another ten minutes, with periodic shocks before she began to convulse
and at last her eyes rolled back. When Nikki was finally still, she was cut
down and there was a palpable sense of anticipation in the crowd as her
delectable body was taken to the school kitchens, where expert chefs would prepare
it to roast on the sidelines of that night's Homecoming game.

&nbsp;

� The next offering
for the day was Samantha, a slim blonde girl of 14. She waited in the locker
room, strapped spread eagle to a gurney, breathing quickly and shallowly.
Samantha was definitely NOT a willing participant in the day's festivities. Her
family had gone against her wishes by enrolling her at this school, where the
academic rigor had proved too much and she had been caught cheating as she
desperately attempted to avoid automatic selection for her low grades. How time
had seemed to freeze when she felt a presence over her as she frantically
worked on that math exam, her pretty blue eyes wandering up and meeting with
the knowing, leering glare of her professor. Those blue eyes were filled with
even greater fear as she looked down on her freshly smoothed body. She had gone
through the standard waxing and shaving that the other girls had, but it had
seemed a torture to her as the painfully hot wax was poured her lily white skin
and cruelly ripped away. In the last few hours she had also endured the
humiliation of the having catheters and enemas which the other girls had given themselves forced upon her. All this meant one thing:
Samantha had been turned into a snuff toy, not even really a person any more.
Her small, orange sized breasts were shaking with every uneven breath, and she
knew that she had a matter of minutes left to live. Soon enough the door to the
lockers opened and a student wheeled her out in front of the assembled crowd.
She could feel their eyes on her body, and she could do nothing to cover
herself as she lay there, naked, smooth and spread eagle.

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

� Samantha was wheeled
up on stage, and Steve carefully removed her wrist restraints and immediately
slapped a pair of handcuffs on her wrists behind her back. He then released the
ankle restraints and pulled her to her feet. She was pulling against him and
crying now, but he was strong enough to place her forcefully on the
once-again-closed trap door next to him. &quot;Samantha, is there anything you
would like to say to your classmates here before we do this?&quot; He asked
her. He produced a microphone and put it in front of her. In a voice that was
choked with sobs she spoke; &quot;Please, you can stop this... I don't have to
die... please, oh god don't let this happen...&quot; she trailed off into
unconstrained weeping as the crowd erupted into jeers and laughter. &quot;Well
Sam, looks like this is the end of the line for you.&quot; said Steve casually.
She wailed in despair as the heavy noose was placed around her neck and
tightened. Steve pulled the lever again. This time, however, the trap door did
not open - instead the noose was ratcheted up just slightly. This left Samantha
standing on her tiptoes trying to breathe, which she was still able to do a
little. Steve worked the lever back and forth until she was just barely off the
gallows. She began to writhe in terror and pain, her slender young legs
flailing left and right. Her feet were so close to the gallows stage but she
was still hanging! The students were loving the sight
of this slim blonde angel in her death throes, hanging with her back
exquisitely arched, her bald pussy in plain view, her tiny tits bouncing. As
she flailed, her long, exquisite toes would even brush against the wooden planks,
but no matter what she did, she couldn't support herself enough to breathe.

&nbsp;

� Just as her vision
started to go dark, Samantha fell to the gallows stage and hazily realized the
rope had been cut. She lay on the ground heaving with choking gasps, too far
gone even to worry about why she wasn't dead. She found out, however, when
Steve grabbed her hair and pulled her face up from the planks of the gallows.
Before her, she saw a guillotine rising mechanically out of the gallows stage
and felt herself being pushed toward it. She struggled
weakly as Steve placed her head in the device and locked it down around her
neck, her shoulders twisting away, her hands still cuffed behind her back. She
could just barely see the sinister blade hanging above her neck, and she could
see the thick rope holding it up tied beside her. &quot;Well Sam, ready to
roll?&quot; asked Steve, laughing along with the audience at his little joke.
Samantha was crying hard, her tears falling on the planks of the stage below
her sweet, agonized face. Steve spoke to someone behind the stage, and he was
handed a sword. Samantha watched him wind up and take a swing at the rope,
closing her eyes hard, waiting for the blade. She opened her eyes to see that
the rope had been mostly split but was still hanging on by a thread. Being
barely more than a child, Samantha was able to appreciate this horrific parody
of a classic cartoon gag that would be the end her life as the rope slowly
frayed down to the last strand. At last, with rattling rush the blade fell and
neatly severed her head. The crowd went nuts as Steve picked up the head and
threw it to them. He kicked Sam's body back behind the stage for collection by
the kitchen staff as the guillotine sunk back to where it had come from.

&nbsp;

�Back in the locker
room, three girls now sat naked on the benches waiting to be called in for the
big finish of the pep rally. Each shivered slightly from the cool air on their
bare skin and the nervous jitters heightened by the large doses of speed each
had been given to keep them from losing consciousness during their torturous
ordeals, ensuring extra long, extra painful deaths for each. Though two had
been chosen by lottery, all three were cooperative, willing participants, and
for their cooperation they had been allowed the choice of going out memorably
in the finale of this grand event. They were as follows:

&nbsp;

�Melissa - A tiny 15
year-old freshman with medium-length brown hair. She was short and slim, with
A-Cup breasts that were actually of a decent size in relation with her body.
She had long, thin legs that were more like those of a young girl, without the
sensual fullness of a woman's. She had the delicate hands of a girl in her
early teens, which were folded modestly over her smooth virgin cunt.

&nbsp;

�Carrie - another 15
year-old freshman with longer brown hair. Carrie was much taller and had larger
C-cup breasts, but otherwise possessed much the same skinny figure and legs
that Melissa had. Her wavy brown hair fell down to her shoulders around her
cute little heart-shaped face. She drummed her fingers nervously on the bench,
occasionally stopping to hug herself as she listened to the cheers of the
audience when the girls who went before them met their fate.

&nbsp;

�Silver - A 17
year-old junior and the only girl in the finale who had volunteered herself.
She was cute goth girl, her hair died jet black, and
she had several pentagrams and other Satanic symbols tattooed on her arms. She
had done all of her body art herself, as it was cheaper and she didn't need
permission. Volunteering herself for this spectacle after having made it long
enough to be ineligible for snuffing against her will was the perfect act of
rebellion against the family who had sent her here with hopes that she would be
a great achiever some day. She had beautiful curves, round, ample breasts and
lily-white skin, which was accented by the incredible smoothness achieved by
the waxing. She sat apart from Melissa and Carrie, reclined against a wall,
casually masturbating, moaning softly as she slipped her fingers with their
black-painted nails slowly in and out of her pussy.

&nbsp;

�Then, the moment was
upon them. The door burst open, filling the room with the cheers of the
students outside. One of the coordinators was standing at the door, waving them
out. &quot;Come on ladies, show time!&quot; he yelled over the crowd. They
followed his motion out into the gym to the wild applause of the students. They
walked single-file up the stairs and onto the stage area, each giving little
nervous waves to the crowd.

&nbsp;

�At this point Steve
spoke into the microphone, &quot;We're gonna start this off with Melissa. Come
on over here.&quot; She obediently walked over to him. He looked her over and
slapped her ass, causing her to giggle and smile at him. &quot;We have a really
special one ready for you.&quot; He said. &quot;Let's get started.&quot; Steve
walked Melissa over to an upright wooden table of sorts. It was rectangular, at
about a 45-degree angle, and it was covered with a tight skin of leather.
Melissa leaned against it while her wrists and ankles were bound together with
strong metal wire. Next, a spreader bar was placed between her little knees and
clamped down around her legs. The crowd made it clear that they loved the
wide-open view of her incredibly smooth, virgin pussy. Next, Steve grabbed a
long steel stake with a sharp point at one end. He slid the vicious looking
spike up through the wire that already held Melissa's ankles, making the fit
tight enough for a trickle of blood to make its way down her perfect feet. The
lance went under the spreader bar, and came to rest at the entrance to
Melissa's unprotected cunt. Steve� then carefully pushed it in, ignoring
her increasing moans of pain as he went through her hymen, and soon the sharp
end was resting against her cervix.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Now here's the
surprise part.&quot; Said Steve as a panel on the stage moved away and a huge
cauldron full of boiling water was raised to stage level. &quot;We're going to
impale Melissa here, and then finish snuffing her with the cauldron. Everyone up for that?&quot; The crowd roared their approval.
&quot;How about you Melissa?&quot; She had her eyes
tightly shut, and was biting her lip so hard that blood was trickling off her
chin and on to her little tits, but she managed to nod slightly to give her
approval. With that, Steve jammed the pole inside her, causing her to give up
the moans immediately, progressing to full-on screams of pain. The strong
athlete lifted her up above the stage, her tiny, perfect body writhing on this
lance that was now being forced into her torso by her weight. She continued to
do so as blood poured down her thin legs, over her feet and on to Steve's arms.
He let her go on this way for nearly a minute, until he sensed her fading and
moved on to the next phase. He swung the impaled girl's twisting form over the
bubbling cauldron and then swiftly dropped her in. The scream
when her body hit the water was priceless, and it was a glorious sight to watch
her twisting, writhing and splashing as she died painfully in the boiling
water. In the end she succumbed and slipped under the rolling surface of
the water.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Alright you
guys! How about that Melissa?&quot; yelled Steve. The
audience yelled their approval of the beautiful creature's death. &quot;Well,
Silver's up next. You guys ready?&quot; The reply was a resounding yes.
&quot;How about you, Silver?&quot; The goth girl
nodded excitedly. She couldn't wait to see what they had dreamed up for her
demise. &quot;Well, we know that you're into some of the darker stuff, and that
you have an interest in magic and that sort of thing, so we thought we'd go
with the traditional method for disposing of a witch.&quot; Her eyes lit up.
&quot;Oh shit, are you serious? Damn, that's gonna hurt more than I expected.
It should be wild!&quot; She said. At that point, the entire stage split apart
to reveal a heavy wooden stake set in the center of a pile of wood and straw.
Steve escorted silver down to the gym floor and over to the stake. He walked
her up the pile of tinder and he produced some more of the wire he had used to
tie Melissa, now using it to tie Silver's hands up above her head and hang her
by her wrists� from
a ring placed high on the stake. He then pulled her legs back around the stake
and tied her ankles behind it, the cold metal digging in viciously to the pale
girl's skin. This left her suspended in an extremely uncomfortable, very
exposed position. She was breathing heavily at this point, trying not to let
the pain get to her, and bracing herself for the far more intense pain to come.
Her breasts were bouncing with each heavy breath, and she was tightly shutting
her eyes every few seconds, but her pussy was also soaking wet, clearly
indicating that she was in some way looking forward to what would come next.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Now we're not
as patient as the folks were in the old days,&quot; said Steve. &quot;so we are gonna use this gas to get things going faster. He
walked over to the stage and began uncoiling a hose from a hidden spool,
pulling it over to the stake. Once he was there, gas started pouring out of it,
and he liberally soaked the wood and straw. &quot;Now, to kick this off, your Snuff High Executioners!&quot; Yelled
Steve. At that, the football team surged in from outside the gym with
full uniforms on, to the applause of the students. They marched in a line, each
carrying a burning torch, and they formed a ring around the place of Silver's
imminent death. &quot;Ready, set..&quot; yelled Steve
as Silver's spectacular body became tense. He waited what seemed like forever
to the bound girl before yelling &quot;GO!,&quot; at
which point each team member threw their torch onto the pile. The wood flared
up quickly, and the fire raced toward Silver. She was immediately surrounded in
flames, coughing on the gas fumes and smoke. The heat was intense, and as the
flames rose higher, her pain began in earnest. She watched her pale skin begin
to burn and crack, and she screamed louder and louder as the pain grew. She
could smell the sick-sweet stench of her own burning flesh, and somehow the
pain still continued to increase. She was thrashing futilely on the stake,
hoping that death would take her soon, and� as the flames swelled around her she
got her wish. Several team members had grabbed fire extinguishers, as
rehearsed, and they advanced on the burning pile spraying white foam in a
display that seemed to parody what every male in the audience had been on the
verge of doing since the pep rally began. Soon the blaze had been put out,
revealing Silver's charred and tortured figure still lashed to the stake. The
audience cheered wildly as the stage slid back together in front of the grim
tableau.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Now last, but
certainly not least comes Carrie.&quot; Said Steve.
&quot;Carrie, you've been given the honor of being chosen as the trophy for
this tournament. Whichever team wins tonight will take home your head, hands
and feet in a case. This should be flattering, as we always choose our favorite
girl for this - it motivates the team. That doesn't mean, though, that you get
to go easy. We want a great expression on your face under that glass, so if
you'll follow me over here, we'll get started.&quot; Carrie walked past the
cauldron to the wooden table where Melissa had been skewered and leaned against
it. Steve used leather straps that were attached to the table to bind her in a
spread eagle position, leaving her totally helpless and exposed to the eyes of
the vast student body. Finally, Steve produced a wide leather strap that went across
her midriff and was pulled tight with buckles on either side of the table. In
the center of the strap was a large metal ring, which left a round patch of
skin exposed right above Carrie's navel. He then produced what looked like a
giant nail, but instead of one spike under the head, there were two.
&quot;There is just enough space between these spikes to accommodate your
spine&quot; explained Steve. &quot;I'm going to pound this through you, which
will pin you to the board. You would die not long after that, but I'm going to
collect the trophies from you before that can happen. The rest of you will
still be nailed to the table, and will be ready for display at the fund-raising
auction before the game.&quot; He then produced a mallet and placed the nail in
the center of the metal ring over her belly. He raised the mallet as if to
strike, but paused before bringing it down long enough to enjoy the look on
Carrie's adorable face and the little fearful whimper that she made as she
bravely braced for the pain. He waited about two seconds, and then brought the
mallet down hard. One hit was enough to drive it halfway through her, and she
let out an immensely satisfying scream. He hit it once more to drive it all the
way through her, and three more times to pound it well into the board, as
Carrie screamed and squirmed (to the minimal extent that she could while
strapped down so securely) all the while. When he had finished pounding the
spike through her, her screaming subsided a bit, and was interspersed with her
fast, ragged and pained breathing.

&nbsp;

�&quot;Time to take
those trophies now, C&quot; said Steve, collecting a circular saw from the side
of the stage. &quot;Hold tight, it might help with the pain.&quot; He suggested
as he took her right hand in his. She met his eyes and squeezed tightly as he
used his other hand to activate the saw and he brought it to her wrist. He made
a motion, and for a moment Carrie's shrieks mixed with the shriek of her bone
being cleanly sawed through. After a moment Steve was left, splattered with
blood, holding Carrie's limp, severed hand in his. After being passed another
torch by a fellow member of the football team, Steve and the crowd enjoyed
Carrie's screams again as he cauterized the wound with a quick touch of the
flame. He placed the hand on a small mat beside the table, then ran his hand
playfully from her shoulder down over her breast, across her belly, over her
thigh and down her smooth leg so that he was holding her foot in his hand. He
leaned over and kissed it lightly before reactivating the saw and placing the
blade across the girl's delicate ankle, producing the same whine of bone and
the same satisfying scream from Carrie. He was left with her foot sitting there
on his palm, and he smiled to himself as he set it on the mat as well and
cauterized her bleeding leg. He approached the left foot the same way, and soon
it was in place beside the other. He repeated the process with her left hand,
and soon she was left on display with stumps at the end of each of her limbs.
She sat there, with her hands and feet on a mat beside her, her body nailed to
a table, completely helpless. Instead of activating the circular saw again,
Steve set it down. Carrie somehow gathered the strength to speak to him:
&quot;Come on, hurry up. It hurts so bad, please just finish!&quot; &quot;I'm
coming&quot; he told her. &quot;Don't worry.&quot; He grinned sadistically as
he picked up a hacksaw from the ground and walked over to her. &quot;This will
be fun.&quot; He said. &quot;Oh, fuck no! Come on, just use the other one and
let this be over!&quot; begged Carrie. Steve ignored her and began to very
slowly drag the serrated edge back and forth over her throat. Her tears flowed
freely as the skin just barely split on her delicate teenaged throat, Steve
moving the saw torturously slowly. He got a little deeper and the blood began
to flow more freely. In a raspy voice she begged him to finish her. He answered
by severing her jugular vein, and at last allowing her to bleed out in front of
the audience. They cheered her as she faded away, and Steve used the saw to
remove her head, placing it on the mat with the other trophies. He then
retrieved a small trophy case and put them together in it. &quot;I think she
looks great. How about you guys?&quot; he asked as he held it aloft. The crowd
clearly agreed that Carrie made a great trophy. 

&nbsp;

� As the pep rally drew
to a close, Melissa's tender, lightly boiled body was extracted from cauldron
and placed on a steel table. Each member of the football team stepped up in
turn to take a bite off of her with their bare hands and teeth as the students
cheered, filling them with incredible energy. Afterward, the students lined up
as a school chef expertly carved the very rare flesh off the gently cooked
teen, each eagerly accepting a small piece to chew on as they awaited the
pregame festivities. They were confident that their team would win again this
year, and that Carrie's beautiful trophies would stay right where they belonged
- in the hallowed halls of Snuff High.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ravenous


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





