BDSM Library - Teenage prison life




Teenage prison life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Billy has just commitied a serious crime, and has been sent to a young offenders prison. Perfect bait for some of the older more ruthless boys.







Fifteen year old, Billy Broome was starting his first day at �Feltham
institutional prison


 
  Alex
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  153
  2007-05-31T23:02:00Z
  2007-05-31T23:02:00Z
  4
  1259
  7180
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  59
  16
  8423
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Fifteen
year old, Billy Broome was starting his first day at �Feltham institutional
prison.�

The Judge
at the high court had been stern and harsh, condemning young Billy to five
years of gruelling torment in the young offender�s prison.

&nbsp;

Billy was a
timid child, nothing more than an innocent little boy, tormented by the lack of
acceptance; and bullying which he was subjected too.

&nbsp;

His built
up anguish, had driven him to fight back against the harrowing school bullies.
Through out his life he had suffered; his feeble body and mental state were
declining. He even attempted suicide, landing himself in hospital for three
days. Some weeks later, an unfortunate incident occurred in school, which
determined Billy�s fate.

&nbsp;

A rather
brutish boy of fifteen; Nathan Rump, was tormenting Billy in the classroom. Now
Nathan Rump was a typical teenage boy. He flexed the muscles, fucked the
bitches and bossed the school. The two boys had been undergoing conflict for
some years now, so Billy had become accustom to the bullying, although this
time was an exception.

&nbsp;

The class
were huddled round the front desk, in the classroom, whilst a demonstration of
�chemical reactions� was being taught. Billy was trying to concentrate; as well
as being feeble he was desperately falling behind in his studies, so the lesson
was his primary focus.

&nbsp;

Nathan
Rump, being the bully he was, stood directly behind Billy. Pinching and pulling
at the poor boy, trying to distract him at every possible instance. Nathan
pursued in tormenting the boy, and he decided to go the extra length. Pulling
out a packet of pins from his pocket, he retrieved one and cruelly inserted one
into Billy�s ass.

&nbsp;

The pain of
the pin, shot right through Billy. Shock with an element of humiliation mixed
within his tender body. He knew who it was, and acting on impulse, he reached
to the table and grabbed a long, metal Bunsen burner.

&nbsp;

Swinging
back, he throttled Nathan with all his might. Raining down on Nathan�s head,
oblivious to the damage he was doing to the boy�s scull.� It was only after twenty seconds that the
students managed to retrieve the Bunsen burner from Billy, and to avoid any
more damage to Nathan�s scull, and brain. But it was too late!

&nbsp;

Nathan was
beyond help, blood trickled from his left ear, one of the early signs of
premature death. Billy stood there in shock, not realising the severity of the
situation. Three hours later Nathan died in hospital, doctors unable to
replenish the blood which he had lost during the ordeal. Various CT scans
revealed severe brain damage. The school was in mourning, Nathan�s parents were
distraught, and Billy was going to prison!

&nbsp;

As Judge
Ray Walkens, read out the prison terms, Billy wept like a little girl, on her
first day of school. Billy�s family did not appear at the tribunal, they were
too ashamed. Only Nathan�s family and friends were there, each of them shouting
obscenely at Billy as he stood in the dock.

One of the
prison guards grabbed Billy by the shoulders, and only then did it dawn on him
that he was going to prison. Were all the stories true he thought?

&nbsp;

As he was
being led away to the police security van, various relatives of Nathan spat at
Billy. His face covered in the slimy, green mucous.

&nbsp;

As they
approached the van, one of the prison guards began talking to Billy

&nbsp;

�You will
have an excellent stay at Feltham boy; the place needs more boys like yourself.
There are some very troubled, mentally sick boys in there, I�m sure you�ll get
on just fine�.

&nbsp;

Billy
gulped, and began shaking, with fear. The two guards laughed as they led him
into the van and handcuffed him.

&nbsp;

Upon
arriving at the prison, Billy noticed how much security was in place. Ten foot
high walls, encased with thick barbed wire circled the vicinity.

&nbsp;

As the van
came to a standstill, Billy�s heart sank. Various other inmates were also being
introduced to there first day in prison. The doors of the van swung open, and
upon exciting the vehicle a hoard of angry, merciless teenagers were standing
behind a fence. Initiation day, was a happy time for some of the inmates, well
the ones who could use there physical ability to abuse the boys.

&nbsp;

Of course
only a few of the new inmates would be targeted for bullying, some of them were
hardened criminals, except for Billy and a few others.

&nbsp;

Top dog,
Tommy Driscal, beat his fists into the fence, as the bait walked off the bus.
Each boy was shackled, at the ankles and wrists. Tommy caught a glimpse of a
young fair haired boy, his name was Jack Saunders, and was serving a six month
sentence for anti social behaviour. He was stocky boy, moderately built, but
nothing compared to some of the boys in Feltham.

&nbsp;

Tommy began
shouting, directing his words at Jack.

&nbsp;

�Yeah, take
a look at that ass; you�re mine boy, your pussy boy ass is mine now�

&nbsp;

Jack kept
his head down, not daring for one second to lift it and make eye contact with
Tommy. Billy walked too, but luckily did not suffer any abuse, although he was
the cutest boy of them all, he was partly covered and went unnoticed. The boys
were led into a set of large iron doors. Now they would be strip searched, and
issued with clothing. Many boys� would try and smuggle in drugs and
paraphernalia, and the prison took a strict stance on these issues. So it was
mandatory that they were searched regardless of age.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The boys
were told to line up, hands by side looking straight forward. Then the guards
released there shackles; and each boy stood in silence, not daring to move.
Various guards wielded batons, tapping them lightly across the palm of their
hands. This was a stern sign that the guards at Feltham were not to be messed
with. A large, well built man approached the boys; he wore tight army shorts,
and a black tank top. An obvious bulge could be seen beneath his pants, but
this was the least of the boy�s worries for now. He began speaking.

&nbsp;

�Hello and
welcome to Feltham institutional prison, you are all here for various reasons,
and let me assure you we are here to fully rehabilitate you. Throughout your
stay you will follow strict rules and regulations. Here at Feltham we strive
for top achievers and a basic regime of schooling, sports and a basic healthy
diet will be your life for the remainder of your stay. We will go through other
proceedings later, but for now you will be issued with your uniform, and which
cell block you will be assigned too. So with out further a do I would like to
get this over with as quickly as possible, any boy wishing not to comply will
be severely punished. Do I make myself clear?�

&nbsp;

�Yes Sir.�
Each boy said.

&nbsp;

Billy was
scared out of his wits, and so were a few of the others.

&nbsp;

�Now strip�
screamed the prison guard.

&nbsp;

Each boy
peered at each other nervously; hands shaking, sweat mounting up on there
faces. The prison guards looked furious; a deep shade of red was appearing on Mr. Riding�s face.

&nbsp;

�Now I
won�t instruct you again, strip you useless fucks.� Screamed Riding

&nbsp;

Within
seconds each boy had removed there clothing, each boy placing there items on
the floor. Teenage cocks of all sizes bobbed and swayed in the cold room, the
prison guards getting a good eyeful as well, Billy was terribly embarrassed.
His small cock and balls were shrivelling up due to the cold, he wished he
could cover his privates, but had been instructed not to.

&nbsp;

�Now you
will all assume a squat position on the ground, asses high face to the floor.�

&nbsp;

What was
this Billy thought, the realization of prison life was just setting in. He and
the others assumed the position as instructed.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Within ten
second, ten fresh, naked teenage asses were squatting on the floor. Each guard
felt a lurch in is pants, such an excellent sight to see. A rather stocky guard
approached Billy from behind, as did the other guards with the rest of the
boys. 

&nbsp;

�Now this
is a routine check boys, that must be carried out due to state laws, once we
have finished you will be issued with clothing and assigned to your cell.�

&nbsp;

The guard
behind Billy began speaking.

&nbsp;

�Now after
the count of three boy I want you to cough as many times as you can, in case
you are hiding anything up your ass.�

&nbsp;

Billy
gulped, but when the guard grabbed hold of his balls and cock, he really got
scared. Then within seconds the room was filled by the humiliating noises of
boys coughing and wheezing. The guard let go of Billy�s balls, there was no
indication that he was hiding any thing.

&nbsp;

Chapter
2

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  gorgeous


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





