BDSM Library - Educated at the Mall




Educated at the Mall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: the girl is taught who is in charge at all times.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-06-02T20:35:00Z
  2007-06-02T20:35:00Z
  2
  1729
  9860
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  82
  23
  11566
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






I panic as i hear the
knock on my door at 10am sharp, knowing it was Him and that He would displeased
that I was not ready as directed. I open the door, my hair still wet, noting
His look of displeasure. &quot;sub, You have 10 mins to finish getting ready or
we will spend the day here and it will not be something You enjoy&quot; I dash
off, watching the clock as I dry my hair and finish dressing, making sure I don
the outfit You had picked out the day before. A short denim skirt paired with a
button up white cotten shirt. I inspect my appearance in the mirror...no
make-up per Your instructions, paired with the clothes , making me look like a
school girl. Hurrying back into the living room in the final seconds...You
stand and inspect me. &quot;Bend&quot; You tell me. I bend, shivering as You
lift my skirt, checking to see that I wore no underwear as directed. A sharp
slap to each ass cheek making me gasp. &quot;Good girl&quot; You praise me as
You pull me into standing position. Your hands slide under my shirt..smiling as
You find just bare flesh, Your fingers tweaking my nipples into erectness. A
soft moan escapes my lips..and You remove Your hands. &quot;Let's go, sub, we
have lots to accomplish today&quot;

I sit quietly in the
passenger side of the car, a little apprenhesive about todays outing, knowing
You will not let my morning lateness go unpunished. You glance over at me,
noticing how far up my skirt has ridden. &quot;show yourself to me, sub&quot; I
obey immediately, turning in the seat..knees up, legs wide..showing You my
clean-shaven pussy. &quot;very nice, girl&quot; &quot;Now open Your lips..show
me that clit&quot; I reach and part my pussy lips...shivering slightly as the
air brushes my clit. I see You signal and turn into a rest stop. Parking, You
remove the keys and tell me to lay back against the door...hips arched toward
You. You move closer...keys in Your hand...seperating one key from the
bunch..You slide it softly down my slit, making me moan. &quot;Do not move, sub&quot;
You warn me..as You slide it into my already wet pussy. &quot;Look at what a
nasty girl you are&quot; as You remove the key , soaked with my juices. I blush
and You tell me to hold my lips further apart. I do and my clit is prominently
displayed. &quot;Watch&quot; You say as You rub the tip of the key directly
across the top of my clit. A loud moan escapes my lips, as You then circle my
clit gently, making it swell and harden more. &quot; I know my lil nasty girl
would like nothing better than to cum, right, girl?&quot; You ask me as You
continue to tease and taunt my clit with the key. &quot;Oh yes Sir&quot; i gasp
out. Abruptly You remove the key and tell me disobedient subs do not get that
pleasure. I clench my teeth from crying out in disappointment. You do not even
allow me the pleasure of cleaning my juices from the key as You look at me and
lick it Yourself. Anger flashes thru my eyes and I quickly lower my eyes but
You tell me You saw that. You start the car and we pull back out into traffic,
You leaving me exposed for truckers to see.

Pulling into the
mall, You tell me to sit up and straighten myself. I quickly do so and then sit
docilely, not wanting to get myself into any more trouble than i already am.
You hold my hand as we walk into the mall, and into the nearest womens clothing
store. There are only a handful of people in the store so we are able to browse
in comfort. You pull a black leather mini with a matching black halter top off
the rack. &quot;try this on&quot; as You lead me to the dressing rooms in the
back of the store. The lone sales woman smiles as we pass the counter, then
focusing her attention on another customer. The dressing cubicles are quite
large with full length mirrors. You come in with me as I go to try the clothes
on You have picked out. You sit in the chair..watching as I strip. Standing,
You remove the garments from the wire hanger, then tell me to lay across the
chair. &quot;but&quot; i start to argue but shush as i see the look in Your
eyes. The wood seat is cold on my belly as I position myself across it. I groan
as I see You lift the metal coat hanger. &quot;swish&quot; You hit full across
both ass cheeks, i bite my lips so as to not scream, the pain intense, i glance
back, seeing it welt up. &quot;I dont ever want to see anger in your eyes,
sub&quot; &quot;SWISH&quot; You cut into the underside of my cheeks. Thru clenched
teeth I tell You &quot; im sorry, Sir..this girl will take better care of her
emotions&quot; &quot;SWISH SWISH SWISH, three more times...5 welts cover my
ass. Dropping the hanger..You run Your hands over my tortured ass
cheeks..easing the pain slightly. I sense You squatting down next to
me..gasping as i feel Your tongue tracing the welts softly. My ass pushes
upward, causing the cheeks to pull apart slightly. You continue to sooth the
welts with Your tongue as one hands slides under and cups my pussy. Sliding thru
my slick slit, Your fingers capture my clit, You squeeze lightly making me
moan. &quot;you took Your punishment like a good girl&quot; You tell me as Your
fingers start to vibrate on my clit&quot; &quot;oh gawd Sir&quot; i groan as
Your tongue slides into my ass.The pleasure is intense as You continue to
tongue-fuck my ass and finger my clit. You bring me to the edge then abruptly
remove Your tongue and fingers. &quot;I have not forgotten Your tardiness this
morning, sub&quot; I almost cry in frustration as You pull me up. &quot;Bend
over, grab Your ankles&quot; I obey as i hear Your zipper , then the hot
hardness of Your cock sliding thru the juices of my wet slit. Then i feel the
head of Your cock at the entrance of my tight ass&quot; You grab my hips and
pull me back, slowly burying Your cock to the hilt. &quot;I do love Your tight
ass, girl&quot; i hear You softly say as You begin to fuck it,long deep
strokes. Your hands controlling the rhythm, slow then fast...making me
moan...Your fingers dig into my hips as You begin to fuck my ass hard and
deep..faster and faster, til i feel it swell...then Your hot cum splashing deep
into my bowels. Mins pass..Your cock spasms...til finally You pull it out.
Wiping Your cock with a hankerchief, then tucking it back in Your pants, You
instruct me to try onthe outfit. Careful not to let my frustration show, I
slide on the leather skirt..winching as it rubs against my welted ass. Then the
halter. I stand before You as You inspect the outfit, turning me around and
around. &quot;nice, sub&quot; Your hands pinch my nipples thru the leather.
&quot;It needs some accesories tho&quot; You say as You leave the
cubicle..coming back a short while after, hand full with things. You slide a
chunky beaded necklace over my head then stand back to check out the effect.
&quot;not bad&quot; You mutter...as You slide a thin silver belt thru the belt
loops of the skirt. &quot;even better&quot; You decide as You step back and
admire the overall effect. You slide 4&quot; high heel shoes on my feet,making
my ass arch out pertly. &quot;very nice, girl&quot; You take my hand and lead me
out of the cubicle..&quot;walk back and forth for me&quot; I walk..wobbling
slightly on the heels but quickly getting the hang of it. I smile impishly as I
wiggle my ass at You as i strut back and forth. You laugh at my antics, pleased
rather than annoyed.

You pay for the items
and have me wear them out of the store. Eyes stare as we walk the length of the
mall, my body in its skimpy outfit on display. You smile and continue to lead
me into a small dimly lit bar,choosing a booth in the back. The waitress takes
out orders for drinks , returning with them as well as Your request for a glass
with just ice cubes in it. &quot;legs apart&quot; You tell me. The skirt rides
high as i obey. &quot;Reach down with one hand and hold Your slit open for
Me&quot; My slit is slick as I part it for You..watching as You chose a large
ice cube..Your hand disappearing under the table...jerking as i feel You apply
the cube to my clit, rubbing it over and over it. You watch my face...stopping
as You can tell im at the edge. Pushing the rapidly melting cube into my pussy,
You remove Your hand and sip Your drink. I squirm on the seat, You smile at my
discomfort. Mins pass..and You grab another cube..and do the same
thing...running it over and around my clit til You have me on the edge...then
sliding it into my pussy. You do this over and over..til the cubes are gone and
my body is on fire, aching for release. &quot;You wish to cum, dont You lil
one&quot; You ask me...as You slide Your hand between my legs..thrusting three
fingers deep into my pussy, Your thumb just above my clit. &quot;oh please
Sir..im sorry for being late..please make me cum&quot;...You finger fuck me ,
Your thumb never touching my clit. My hips rock onto Your fingers. Abruptly You
withdraw Your fingers...slide out of the booth..pulling me with You. I hastily
adjust my skirt as You lead me thru the almost vacant bar and into the
restroom. You slide the chunky necklace up and over my head. I look at You in
confusion as You tell me to turn, place my hands on the wall, bending slightly.
I obey..and look back...You bunch the leather skirt up on my ass...fingers
tracing the still visible welts as Your other hands drags the necklace thru my
sopping pussy. You rub the hard round beads across my clit making me arch my
back and groan. Pulling them away, shiney with my juices, You unclasp the
necklace so that its one long strand. Understanding dawns as You part my
asscheeks and i pull away, &quot;oh no Sir, not that&quot;. Your eyes are hard
as You stand..quickly unbuckle my silver belt and sliding it off. &quot; WHACK
WhACK WhACK hard across my already bruised ass, so quickly that i dont have a
chance to pull away. &quot;You will NEVER tell me no, girl, is that
understood&quot; as You apply three more blazing whacks with the belt. Tears
slide my face as i say &quot; i understand, i am sorry Sir&quot; You continue
to apply the metal belt to my ass, til i lose track of the number of times. I
look, and see my ass a blazing red, swollen.... i accept my punishment altho i
struggle not to move. Lost in a haze of pain, i begin to realize that im
actually pushing my as back to meet the belt...the pain still intense but now
my pussy is reacting. You toss the belt down...and i groan loudly as You again
part my ass cheeks...and i glance back...seeing the necklace in Your hand...You
push one large bead into my tight hole..then another..and another..til i am
filled to the brim. I blush as it looks like an obscene tail, the remaining
necklace that wouldnt fit. You smooth my skirt down over my ass, then lead me
back out into the bar and slide back into your booth. I moan as my sore ass
hits the seat as well as from the beads. We sip out drinks and You watch me.
&quot;are You going to be a good girl from now on,sub&quot;? &quot; Oh yes
Sir!&quot; You smile and Your hand slides under the table parting my legs..Your
fingers immediately finding and stroking my clit. Your other hand slides under
my ass, feeling the hot heat from Your spanking..Your fingers grab the
necklace. &quot;Eyes on me, sub&quot; as You see me half-close them. I look at
You , my eyes showing the deep desire running thru my body. Your fingers
rubbing, circling, stroking my clit into a swollen nub. My thighs tremble as I
part my legs wide for You. &quot;are You ready to cum, nasty girl?&quot; You
ask me...i can only nod as my body tenses. 'CUM&quot; You order as Your fingers
pinch my clit...just as i start to cum You YANK the necklace out of my ass
causing me to arch my body and bite my lip as a huge orgasm rips thru my body.
Long mins pass, spasming...my pussy wetting the seat. Finally my body relaxes
as You let go of my clit. &quot;good girl&quot; You smile.

Driving home Im
especially quiet..my body drained. &quot;sub&quot;...You say....&quot;Yes
Sir?&quot;....dont get too relaxed...i am not done with you yet. Your smile is
almost evil as we pull into the driveway........







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mainesubbie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





