BDSM Library - Sex Slave Sisters




Sex Slave Sisters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three not so ugly but bullying sisters are finally brought to book by a vengeful relative and trained to lead a life of submission and slavery







Sex Slave Sisters

 
  john
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  372
  2007-06-01T00:13:00Z
  2007-06-01T00:13:00Z
  8
  2454
  13994
  mastaclean
  116
  32
  16416
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






���������������������������� ������Sex Slave Sisters

������������������������ 

�������������� �����A work of total fiction by Taskmaster

�������������������������������������������
Part One

������������������������������
Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

For
me she had always had that special indefinable something about her, even now
after four years she looked so damm good. 

Sure
the only reason she was speaking to me was because I am the father of her
sister�s two boys and when to her credit, no one else in that family was doing
so after a messy ending, certainly not the other two sisters who hated me with
a vengeance.

�But I didn�t give a flying fuck about that
except for my recurring fantasy of giving the younger blonde one a good fucking
whilst the older bitch was naked and strung up to the bondage cross I still
kept in my attic room, waiting for me to finish with her sister before once
again giving her good fucking good whipping.

As
it happens the �younger blonde one� is now about forty but still a real good looking
whilst her older sister is in her later fifties, but by Christ they wear well
that family, even their fifty something brother looks to be no more that thirty
something.

&nbsp;

But
this one, Marianne, the middle of the surviving three, really was something else,
she would have to be at least fifty years old herself but jeez she must have
the body of a thirty year old and was here now only because she had drawn the
short straw, the other two having refused to have anything to do with me even
now, when as joint executors the two boys future had to be discussed between
the four of us as the were both now reaching the age when they would inherit the
legacy left by their Mother, my ex wife, the wife who had left me two years
before she died in a Car accident with her new boyfriend, leaving the boys to
live with and be bossed around by the sisters before along with myself and the
sisters a collecting a legacy to be shared out at a later date.

&nbsp;

Now
Marianne sat in the large sitting room in my old house, the house I had shared
with her sister for so many years. Sure she hadn�t wanted to come here but I
specialised in making like difficult for those three bitches so in the end
Marianne had capitulated and acquiesced to my demand, reasoning I guess that
she would be well away from here long before lunch time.

Demurely
Marianne sat there, Black Mid length skirt pulled well over her knees and Red
blouse buttoned up the throat it looked as butter would melt in the bitches
mouth but bollocks, I knew better than that, oh yes, and if Marianne had even
the slightest idea of just how much I knew then the last place she would have
been today would have been right there, in that big leather sofa.

You
see the bitch has a husband who had long ago, during a late night drinking
session with me had, after one to many, spilt the beans to me about their love
life. Well we were brothers in law, still are legally I guess, and after I had
told him about the difficulties with my own wife he had been only to happy to
tell about Marianne�s insatiable appetite for Bondage and rough sex games
before, to my surprise and pleasure he had taken from his wallet a Polaroid
snap of Marianne bound and gagged whilst lying on her huge bed, her eyes almost
pleading with the man I had been told she called her �Master� in eager
anticipation of pleasures to come.

&nbsp;

Well
so proud had Tony, her husband, been of his good fortune he had even told me to
keep the photo, �just a bit of fun, a secret between us� had been his words and
certainty, unknown to Marianne, every time I have seen her since that day my
dick has sprung to attention not just at the very though of that photo, but of
the wonderful fantasy I had that one day the bitch would crawl across this very
carpet to my, bound and naked, those same pleading eyes looking up to mine as
her new Master. And that day had now come!

Of
course Marianne was completely oblivious to my thoughts and our discussion was
frank and businesslike.

�Our meeting, after we had co signed some
documents finally wrapped up, or so Marianne assumed as she rose, with words
spoken I think with more confidence than she actually felt.

�After
today Geoffrey the family want nothing more to do with you, my sisters son�s
are now of age and you a no longer a member of the family and so we have no
reason to see or hear from you ever again�

&nbsp;

This
I had fully expected, after all I had always been the outsider, the piece of
rough my ex wife had lumbered the family with. What though, Marianne did not
expect, was for me as I rose to ostensibly show her the door, to reach out with
both hands and grab hold her Red blouse by the collar and rip it apart, sending
little black buttons flying across the room in all directions, hauling the thin
blouse out from her Skirt before pushing the garment back over Marianne�s
shoulders and on down her arms to effectively trap her limbs inside the long
sleeves.

&nbsp;

From
there I took a step back, Marianne, too stunned yet to react, suddenly looked
down upon her ruined blouse and then up again to see me looking straight at her
wonderful pair of still firm tits barely concealed by the silky black half cup
bra encasing them.

As
the enormity of what I had just done to her suddenly occurred to Marianne the
initial surprise her eyes had registered turned first to shock and then anger,
but to me the anger was tinged also with fear.

&nbsp;

�Oh
my God�! Blurted my sister in law before, with negligible effect, attempting to
struggle her trapped arms free from the confining sleeves of her blouse.

&nbsp;

But
I was far from finished with Marianne and before she even realised what I had
in mind I had turned the bitch away from me, ripped away the zipper of her
black skirt, pulled the whole garment down away from her hips and Ass and
pushed the whole thing down around her ankles. If Marianne were surprised then
I was even more so, for I now looked upon a gorgeous white ass, dissected only
by the thin elastic strap of a tiny red thong and garter straps holding seamed
black stockings up around the middle of her shapely thighs.

&nbsp;

�Jeez�
I exclaimed in pleasure, turning the bitch back toward me �Why did I wait so
long for you Marianne?�

Now
though she looked at me in genuine horror, her fear was obvious but she still
let me have it with both barrels as she struggled to free her arms whilst
stepping backward away from me.

&nbsp;

�Oh
my God you bastard, what are you doing! What the hell have you done to me?� 

screamed
Marianne before I cut her off with a vicious backhanded slap hand upon her left
cheek sending me semi naked sister in sprawling back upon the large couch from
which she had earlier risen allowing me now to feast my eyes upon the front of
her body, especially at the small triangle of red material barely concealing
her pubic mound as Marianne tried frantically�
to rise from the sofa but, with arms still trapped behind her, managing
only to sit upright upon the sofa before I had walked behind the sofa and
pulled the red ball gag into her mouth before quickly fastening the black
leather straps behind her still beautiful�
head.

&nbsp;

Then
I grabbed Marianne�s long luxurious dark blonde hair, twisting and pulling as
she moaned painfully into the ball gag, forcing her to twist and turn her head
and then body until she was actually kneeling up on the sofa and facing me.

�Still I pulled her hair though, forcing my
sister in law�s body up and over the back edge of the sofa until her head was
pointing downward over the back of the sofa and her still struggling arms lay upon
her horizontal back making it easy for me to slip each leather wrist cuff into
place before clipping them together, making it impossible now for Marianne to
free her arms whilst I ripped away the remnants of her Red blouse.

Finally
from the back of the sofa I took a thick leather dog collar and attached steel
chain lead I had left there earlier then fastened the collar around Marianne�s
neck. 

&nbsp;

�Okay
Marianne, listen and listen well, �I�ve always had a soft spot for you and
always knew I�d fuck you eventually � 

I
began after hauling the astonished and fearful bound and gagged long haired
beauty back onto her feet by her new steel chain lead and wondering for a
moment if the bitch might even be a little wet between her legs, but there was
plenty of time for that and, shaking her head Marianne�s eyes were widening in
incredulity as I continued.

&nbsp;

Well,
that�s gonna happen bitch, but you have to beg me for it Marianne, and I�m
going to teach you how to beg me for it, to beg your new Master to fuck you
because like I said, I have a soft spot for you and we are gonna get on just
fine as long as you know your place, but as for your two sisters, well they got
it coming big time Marianne and we are going to get those bitches over here,
then you can watch as I string them up together and whip the shit out of them!�

&nbsp;

Marianne
was by then shaking her head and mumbling protests into the ball gag but she
could do that as much as she wanted for all I cared for even now I�m still a
pretty strong guy and it proved easy to pull the semi naked bitch toward me
before flipping her bound body over my shoulder in a classic fireman�s lift before
walking upstairs with my shocked and fearful new Sex Slave.

&nbsp;

A
short while later, Up in the attic room I had last used some time ago I had
strung up the almost naked Marianne by her cuffed wrists to a pulley and winch
affair set into a ceiling beam before using the winch to lift this mature
beauty up until, with her toes barely touching the floor and taught arms
squashed against each side of her face as she stood facing the huge mirror a
few feet away.

&nbsp;

Then
I stood, my face inches from the fearful trembling Marianne�s, the fingers of
my left hand casually delving into one bra cup, finding and gently squeezing
her large nipple causing he to close her eyes, perhaps in embarrassment, maybe
in pleasure.

Whatever
the reason, I then asked Marianne.

&nbsp;

�Okay
bitch, are you ready to call your sisters over here? I�ll get the phone and
tell you what to say, do it now and you can save yourself a lot of pain�

As
I had hoped and expected, Marianne managed to shake her head in angry denial.
Just as I wanted her to for now the fun could begin.

&nbsp;

�You
ever been whipped baby, whipped with one of these�

&nbsp;

Marianne�s
eyes flew open and saw the leather �cat o nine tail�s I was holding before her.

One
thing I had learnt from Marianne�s husband was that although she was a very submissive
woman who loved to be spanked she was no masochist and had always shied away
from the whip during their �games�.

So
I knew the fright in Marianne�s wide fearful eyes was authentic whilst she
shook her head as best she could as I told her a whipping was what she would
get, that she was my bitch now and had to be taught total obedience, that only
the whip would do that����to begin with.

&nbsp;

I
decided to give the bitch a round twelve to begin with, six on each side, front
and back and it was with her back I started, the first just below those curvy
ass cheeks sent Marianne into a spasm on pained anguish clearly visible to me
through the mirror she faced. The next I gave to the Ass cheeks themselves, the
nine combined 18 inch long strands on leather spreading across every inch of my
bitches buttocks causing them to wobble around whilst Marianne cried and moaned
into the Ball gag.

Then
it was her back, just around the area of her Bra strap this time making
Marianne pull hard at her wrists in a useless attempt to free her self.

The
next three Marianne was to take on the front of her body, telling her this sent
her into spasms of anguish, her shaking head and pleading eyes telling me all I
wanted to know as I peeled away her half Cup bra, revealing still firm and
shapely Breasts and a glance at the Bra label told me they were a nice 34b with
nipples of a size only usually seen on a mature woman.

&nbsp;

Marianne�s
terror was completed by my turning the winch handle until her feet no longer
touched the floor, now as she hung solely from her wrist cuffs I told Marianne
to place her hands around the bar holding the pulley, obediently she did so,
slightly alleviating the pressure on her arms just as I landed the �Cat� upon
those glorious Breasts.!

For
a moment Marianne thrashed around in her suffering then fell still and silent
her eyes closed, then they opened again, her expression manic, her eyes
pleading with me, her spit drooling from the ball gag as I landed the next blow
just below her Breasts taking the wind out of her.

Now
it was time to discover if Marianne had learnt anything yet.

&nbsp;

�Spread
your legs bitch, spread them wide and then push your feet toward me� I ordered
Marianne.

For
a moment though she just hung there in despair.

�Do
it bitch, do it now or I start all over again!�

This
was enough to tip Marianne over the edge of compliance and slowly she began
parting her legs.

�Wider�
I kept telling her until finally I was satisfied she was in the desired
position.

�Keep
them there bitch, keep them there or you get a whole lot more of this� I told
Marianne whilst holding the Cat between�
legs now forming an upside down �V�. The meaning of this was obvious to
her whilst I held the cats �tails between her legs. 

First
though I decided to place a single finger inside the tiny thong, then, looking
into Marianne�s horrified eyes that closed as I pushed the digit inside her.

�Jeez�
the bitch was wet, more than wet. A Hot, wet and throbbing Cunt was welcoming
my finger, coating it with its copious hot juices. 

�Look
at me bitch� I told her. After pushing back her head Marianne eventually
complied, her horrified eyes unable to hide her obvious feverish desire and at
that moment I knew she was now mine.

&nbsp;

Almost
immediately after I withdrew my finger from her throbbing Cunt I landed the
�Cat� fair square between her legs sending Marianne into a frenzy of pained
ecstasy. 

&nbsp;

�Now
we start over again with the next six, after that Marianne I loosen the gag and
give you a choice, you either call me master and ask me to fuck you after you
have spoken to your sisters on the phone�����or we start this all over
again��..and again and again until you learn to obey me�

Before
she could react in any way I had landed the cat between Marianne�s legs again.
Quickly she closed her legs in horror.

�Spread
them bitch! I shouted,

Too
slow, unwilling to do so. So I landed a hard one right on Marianne�s nipples
causing the bitch to thrash her suspended body around in excruciating agony.

�But the blow had taught her a lesson and
Marianne was quickly spreading and lifting her legs once more.

�I
tell you to spread them, you spread them, you understand me bitch?

Marianne�s
head was quickly nodding furiously, indeed she did understand so I gave her
another between the legs causing her to thrash around again before I gave her
the next three upon her back, buttocks and lower thighs again.

�Then I stood before her again and telling her
not to take her eyes from mine I this time inserted three fingers into her hot
wet and throbbing cavernous Cunt. 

Obediently
Marianne maintained eye contact with me so I then told her to grip my fingers
with her Cunt muscles whilst still looking at me and I soon felt my fingers
gripped by her Cunt muscles and Marianne�s feverish eyes locked into mine with
unmistakable desire so much so I was sure the bitch was about to orgasm there
and then, but it was too early to allow that so to her obvious despair I
withdrew my three fingers from Marianne�s Cunt.

&nbsp;

�You
have that choice now Marianne, I�m not going to tell you twice, shake your head
and we start all over again, are you ready to call me Master now?�

&nbsp;

I�ll
admit I was a little unsure of just what my sister in law was about to do or
say, would she shake or nod her head? Either way I would enjoy the results but
when, with eyes still locked into mine, Marianne nodded at me I knew the first
part of a plan hatched not just by myself but with other very interested
parties had worked perfectly, sister number one and my personal favourite was
about to change the lives of three sisters forever.! 

&nbsp;

�������������������������������������� End of
Part One

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������������������������� Hopefully I shall
actually finish this one

����������������������������� As I actually
know the ending!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������������������������������
Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

������� ��������������������������

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Into the hands free phone kit I had placed around her head Marianne,
speaking in the halting nervous voice a woman in obvious

 
  john
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  340
  2007-06-09T21:07:00Z
  2007-06-09T21:07:00Z
  7
  1842
  10504
  mastaclean
  87
  24
  12322
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






������������������������������ Sex
Slave Sisters

&nbsp;

�����������������������������
Part Two

������ A work of Complete
Fiction for Adults who understand it as such�� 

&nbsp;

��������������������������
By Taskmaster11���������� �����������������������

&nbsp;

������ �����������������������Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I
had placed the hands free phone around her head and Marianne, speaking in the
halting nervous voice of a woman in obvious trouble, recited the words from the
sheet of paper I had placed before her.

&nbsp;

�I���.I
need you to come her quickly Janice, something terrible has happened� recited
Marianne nervously whilst I, with the fingers of one hand pulling a nipple away
from one Breast, held a pair of opened dressmaking shears over it to ensure the
bitch told Janice only what was written on the paper in fear of me cutting off
her nipple.

&nbsp;

�What
is it for Christ sake?� demanded Marianne�s younger sister Janice.

�I���I,
oh God, Geoff tried it on with me Janice, I�..I picked up an ornament and hit
him with it���I ��.think�oh god Janice he�s not moving!��

&nbsp;

�SHIT,
shit! replied the younger blonde sister whilst I listened via the second
earpiece before Janice fell silent for a moment as if to collect her thoughts.

�Is
he breathing� asked Janice shortly

I��.Yes,
I think so� replied Marianne.

�

�Well,
your had better stay there Sis, I�ll get hold of Debbie and we will come over
there straight away, but for gods sake don�t do anything, just wait for us, you
got that Marianne? 

&nbsp;

Marianne
breathed a heavy sigh and mumbled that she did indeed understand before Janice,
totally unaware of course of the real reason for her sisters heavy sigh, told
her she must be strong and that they would be here in around half an hour
before hanging up.

&nbsp;

In
truth I had wanted both Sisters to arrive separately as together they would be
more of a handful, but I knew I would overcome that easily enough and thoughts
of totally humiliating these women by subduing them together would more than
make up for the effort involved and besides, 

I
had already laid a well prepared trap for them; my house was well out of town
and stood on its own which made things even easier for me.

&nbsp;

By
now it was gone lunchtime and whilst I re gagged and �placed a tearful Marianne into a new Bondage
situation I reflected on the wonderful fucking I had given her a short while
ago�����������������������������������..

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��You ready to tell me something Marianne?� I
had asked the Marianne after Slipping the Ball Gag from between her lips...

&nbsp;

The
despair on her beautiful face was obvious enough of course, after all, the pain
and humiliation was bad enough, but, despite the undoubted desire Marianne was
feeling, she was just about to ask the Brother in Law her whole family wanted
nothing more to do with to fuck her, also in fear of more painful and
humiliating punishment Marianne was also about to betray her two sisters. But I
really believe that was the hardest part of the deal.

&nbsp;

�Well�.
I had demanded of my Sister in Law, the �Cat� held before tearful eyes.

&nbsp;

�P��Please���.M�..Master���
Marianne had sobbed, before, in a barely audible whisper asking me to fuck her.

&nbsp;

And
so, taking my beautiful sister in law from the back, fuck her I did. Slowly and
deliberately I pushed my body against hers, my chin on her shoulder and my lips
to her cheek.

�Whilst ensuring Marianne felt my rock hard
cock against her buttocks, I ripped her tiny thong to shreds And, as she had
gasped in what could only be anguish at her helplessness and inability to
prevent me from doing whatever I wished with her, I easily penetrated the
captive beauty as my fingers found and parted her Cunt lips before my cock,
hard and throbbing, slid effortlessly into her hot wet cavern.

&nbsp;

I
unhurriedly slid my Cock in and out of her warm moist love hole, and to my
delight, very soon Marianne�s distress and anguish turned to desire and I felt
her Virginal muscles tightening around me. 

And
those gasps were now of sheer pleasure for despite all I had done to her that
morning my Sister in Law had ultimately capitulated to her base desires. 

&nbsp;

Marianne
was a submissive all right; more that that though, as she trembled and moaned
within the painful confines of her Bondage it was obvious her need to be
sexually and mentally dominated far outweighed any feelings of guilt and
betrayal my Sister in Law may have held.

So,
alternately caressing and pinching her two rock hard nipples whilst slowly
increasing my tempo inside her, I again told Marianne of my plans, of my plans
for her and my plans for her two sisters and, although shaking her head in
apparent horrified rejection, Marianne was quickly licking and sucking the two
fingers I pushed between her lips.

�Mine,
you are mine now bitch, mine to use as I wish, mine to give to who ever I wish,
you understand me� Marianne?�

To
my delight, whilst both of us neared or orgasms, my new Sex Slave nodded her
head whilst continuing her feverish sucking upon my fingers in joyous ecstasy,
unaware of course just whom I intended giving her to�����������������������������������.

&nbsp;

It
turned out to be forty minutes later when I heard the crunching of tyres in the
gravel drive outside my home announcing the arrival, I assumed, of Marianne�s Sisters
Janice and Debbie. A quick glance out of the window confirmed this and I waited
for the sisters to accept the invitation I had left a few minutes ago, that of
an open front door.

&nbsp;

�Here
they are then Marianne� I said whilst taking up a position opposite her now
totally naked body,� spread-eagled in the
classic �X� position upon a wooden bondage cross secured to the wall.

For
her part the gagged Marianne was tearful and trembling but by now resigned to
what was about to happen.

&nbsp;

Through
the open door I heard the female voices calling out for their sister.

Marianne...Sis...where
are you?����both sisters were calling whilst searching the ground floor before
Shortly I heard them climbing the stairs whilst continuing their anxious
calling out for their Sister until, obviously very worried now, I could hear
the sisters whispering to� each other
whilst climbing the last flight of stairs, leading them the trap I had set
them.

&nbsp;

It
was Janice, always the more forceful of the sisters who first very slowly
entered the room, with Debbie close behind as if seeking the protection of her
younger sister.

&nbsp;

�Oh
my god...Marianne!, exclaimed the horrified�
Janice, catching sight of her gagged and naked sister, leather cuffed
wrists and ankles securing her to the Bondage Cross.

�But Janice then made the mistake of continuing
to walk into the room and with Debbie close behind it was not long before I was
able to step out and close the door that had a Yale lock on the inside, thereby
effectively trapping the two horror-struck women inside the room with me having
the only key!

&nbsp;

Both
women then swivelled around to see me standing by the door and

After
overcoming her initial shock at seeing her sister naked and trussed up and then
seeing me, Janice soon got into her normal mode of address with me.

�Geoff,
you bastard! What the hell have you done to Marianne, by God; I�ll cut your
balls of if you�ve done anything to my sister!� Shouted Janice As I was walking
across the room toward Marianne with the dressmaking sheers in my hand.

&nbsp;

Even
I had to admire the domineering bitches� bravado but I was the one who was
going to do the dominating right then, so pulling upon a thick wad of
Marianne�s pubic hair I snipped it off right up to the skin of my horrified
captive.

�Shut
the fuck up and listen� I shouted to Janice and the terrified Debbie who looked
about to faint.

�The
next thing I cut off will be each this bitch�s nipples unless you two do
exactly as I tell you�

�With that and to the shock of her sisters I
once again pulled out Marianne�s nipple, enclosing it in the jaws of the
sheers.

&nbsp;

�For
fucks sake! You stupid bastard! You�ll maim her for life, now let her go!� shouted
Janice at me threateningly but seemingly rooted to the spot she made no move
toward me and my eyes went toward Debbie cowering in fear behind her sister.

�Right
Debbie, you�ve got ten seconds before your Sister losses this nipple, pick up
those handcuffs down there and put them on Janice�s wrists,� I told her,
pointing at the two sets of steel handcuffs, connected together, on a table
beside her.

Debbie
though, paralysed in fear and indecision, only looked toward Janice for
instruction

�Do
it or by God or the next thing you eat will be this fucking nipple� I shouted closing
the sheers down upon Marianne�s nipple.

&nbsp;

� Marianne�s terrified tearful eyes pleaded
with her sister to do my bidding and shortly Debbie did indeed pick up the
handcuffs.

But
the furious Janice wanted none of it and it was only after I had slipped the
gag from between her lips and Marianne, as I had instructed, pleased with her
sister.

�Please
Janice, for God sake does as he says or he really will cut off my nipple!� did
she relent and allow Denise to place the handcuffs over her wrists whilst all
the while glowering at me.

&nbsp;

�Now
put the other set on Debbie� I told her and despite her obvious revulsion
Janice complied with my demand and clicked the cold steel handcuffs her
sister�s wrists.

&nbsp;

�I
don�t know what the fuck all this is about you madman, but let my sisters go,
if you have a problem take it out on me����if you are man enough�!

The
way she had treated me over the last couple of years had left me in no doubt as
to her loathing of me but still I had to admire Janice�s domineering bravado.

&nbsp;

�But that then again that�s why I had wanted
her here in the first place, I wanted to break the bitch, make her squirm, make
her beg and force her do all those things my evil mind had dreamed up over the
last couple of years, in short make her my own personal plaything.

Debbie
would fearfully do as I told her, and Marianne? Well Marianne had seemed to
have accepted I now �owned� her and would soon be forced to accept others as
her Masters� also.

But
What was really beautiful was that both Janice and Debbie were single women,
both having ditched husbands and no one was expecting them home and as for
Marianne�s husband John, well with what I knew, I could take care of him and
besides he may even prove useful to me.

&nbsp;

So
dropping the scissors I made my way across to the two sisters. Debbie�s face
was fearful and Janice�s enraged as I quickly tightened the handcuffs around
their wrists. 

The
cuffs were joined by a short steel chain and both women looked on, first in
surprise and then dismay as I pulled down on the very same shackle that had
earlier secured Marianne.

�Then I hoisted the women�s arms together high
above their heads, causing the sisters, who were of the same height �to press still fully clothed bodies tight
against each other, just as I had planned.

&nbsp;

Using
another Ball Gag, I cut short Janice�s constant cursing of me and then turning
to her openly sobbing elder Sister I pointed across to her sister Marianne,
naked and shackled to the Bondage Cross

&nbsp;

�You
want me to put you on that thing, just like your sister is now or are you going
to keep your fucking mouth shut?� I asked Debbie who, looking her drooling
sister, then replied in the affirmative, furiously nodding her head to escape
the awful prospect of having to endure the ball gag tightly clamped between her
lips, thereby unwittingly isolating her Sister and so I furthered the point by
lightly caressing Debbie�s cheeks whilst telling the glowering Janice.

�See,
you learn to behave as well as Debbie and I might even be good to you as well�

&nbsp;

Then
I stood back and surveyed the scenario before me, three sisters, one naked, the
other two, although for now still dresses but nonetheless under my complete
control, I had done it! I felt great and Now that I had all three sisters just
where I wanted them I could move on to the next stage of my plans for them.

�But first though Marianne had at least earned
a short rest from the Bondage Cross, besides, it was time she fully understood
exactly what her new role in life was to be���������������������...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�������������������������������������� End of
Part Two

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������� Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��������������������������������� All comment
Welcome

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�














Sex Slave Sisters

 
  john
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  466
  2007-06-22T00:10:00Z
  2007-06-22T00:10:00Z
  7
  1936
  11037
  mastaclean
  91
  25
  12948
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

��� ���������������Sex Slave Sisters: Part Three

&nbsp;

���������������� A
story of pure fantasy for Adults Only

����������������������� Bearing no relationship
to the living

���������������������������������������� Or the
dead

&nbsp;

������������������������������� �����By Taskmaster11

&nbsp;

�����������������������������
Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��� 

Having released
the naked Marianne from the Bondage Cross under the fearful and watchful gaze
of her sisters, I clipped the leather wrist cuffs together behind her back, replaced
the Gag and then to her surprise, making her step into the heels she had worn
when arriving at my place. 

Not stopping
there I secured a thick black padded leather collar around Marianne�s neck
before finally clipping a steel chain lead to the collar.

&nbsp;

�With obvious curses from the gagged Janice and
sobs from Debbie I told them I would be back for them soon before tugging on
the lead and pulling a bemused Marianne out of the door and then down the
stairs.

&nbsp;

If she had
already had enough surprises for one day the sight greeting Marianne after I
had I led her down the stairs and into my own Bedroom probably topped the lot
as she stood just inside the doorway.

&nbsp;

�Stunned and shocked at the sight facing her,
the bound and naked Marianne tried to move away, to hide herself, hide her nakedness,
hide her humiliation, but with me now standing behind her with my hands firmly
upon her shoulders Marianne could only face my two sons, her nephews, in
mounting mortified shame.

&nbsp;

Whenever I had
the chance to see Lee and Rod together they had always 

Bemoaned the
life their Aunts had forced upon them. 

So much so that
it had been easy for me to hatch a plan where we would all gain revenge upon
the Aunts, after all, I had reasoned with the boys, If these bitches could decide
when they were ready to receive their legacy then surely the boys were entitled
to decide their Aunts future also!.

At eighteen and
nineteen respectively both boys were sexually active and more than happy to go
along with my idea of introducing them to the delights of domination, but I
wasn�t surprised to hear them tell me how good Marianne at least had been to
them and didn�t really want to hurt her, well not too much anyway.

So, without
telling them too much of what I already knew about their favourite Aunt I
managed to persuade the boys that Marianne could also be their favourite �Toy�
that they could play with her without the need to hurt her too much after I trained
her in obedience toward them, so both boys went for this idea big time.

&nbsp;

So far that morning
both of my boys had been watching the events in the attic room through the TV
monitor I had set up in my room, viewing it all via the Video Camera up in the
attic.

So they had
already watched me taking their Aunt after observing her earlier punishment and
looking down at the seated boys right then, It was easy to see they both had
pretty bulging crotches bought about by their first close up look at their
Bound and gagged naked Aunt, statuesque in her high heels, Marianne, I noted,
seemed to looking just where I had, such was the now scarlet colour of her face
as she stood their in my grip, shaking her head and mumbling into the gag.

&nbsp;

Reasoning my
boys would be at least a little nervous I stood beside Marianne, telling her. 

�You are going
to be a good girl for my boys, just like we agreed, you got that Marianne?�

Shaking her head
and mumbling into her Gag the boy�s naked aunt turned her pleading eyes toward
mine.

&nbsp;

�I guess you�d
rather go back upstairs then for another whipping and maybe have these on your
tits for a while�

Before she
realised what I was doing I had snapped the clover clamp onto her nipple and
Marianne screamed into her gag, so then I asked her again.

�Now, you gonna be
a good girl for Lee and Rod� and this time Marianne was soon nodding furiously.

�So telling Marianne to spread her legs and I
would then remove the nipple clamp, I told the boys to take their time and play
with their Aunt all they wished, after all things were different now, she was
their Toy.

&nbsp;

After an initial
hesitation Marianne had parted her legs far enough to give us all a view of her
recently shortened thatch of dark blonde Cunt hair, so, with one arm around her
shoulders to keep her still, I placed two fingers of my free hand between her
Cunt lips and finding the button there I began slowly hand frigging her whilst
slowly and to her huge relief removing the Clover Nipple clamp

&nbsp;

�This is what
your Aunt really likes� I told the boys as they watched their Aunt shuddering
to my probing fingers.

�Look at those
nipples boys, look at how big they�ve grown� I continued whilst still draping
my arm over Marianne�s shoulder so my fingers could reach down and toy with her
nipples.

�And it was true, Marianne �certainly was getting off on the humiliation, for
despite this latest and most horrifying of embarrassing situations my sister in
law was again responding to degradation and domination, a fact not lost upon
Lee who then told his Aunt she must not look at the floor as she but at him and
Rod.

&nbsp;

Perhaps that
fresh humiliation drove her over the edge and as she did so I could feel
Marianne�s rush of juices and quickening of breath, but she would not be
allowed to come yet and her sense of disappointment was very obvious when I
withdrew my fingers.

�At that moment Rod, always the quieter of my
two boys, rose from his seat and stepped across the room and standing in front
of his Aunt, weighed her firm Breasts in the palm of his hands whilst, shocked
to the core that her nephew had not only seen had naked body but was now
actually caressing her Breasts, Marianne, trembled and protested into her Gag.

�But, when Rod�s thumbs began toying with her
nipples, Marianne�s protests vanished as her craving for sexual fulfilment once
again won out.

Look at me
Auntie!� demanded Rod and as after a moment or two she did just that, continued
�Jeez, you really are beautiful Aunt Marianne� whilst constantly caressing her
Breasts and Nipples.

&nbsp;

��Rod was
slipping one hand down toward Marianne�s shorn thatch when suddenly, like two
huge saucers, her eyes flew wide open as if a bolt of lightening had hit her. 

�Marianne emitted a long low moaning sound as
two or three of my boy�s fingers entered her to begin a long slow sawing motion
in and out of his Aunts already soaking love box.

&nbsp;

�Very soon Marianne was unable to prevent
herself form accepting the inevitable and was back where I had left her, on the
very edge of orgasm.

�I had to admire the maturity Rod was
displaying, for at the very moment his Aunt was about to cum he withdrew his
fingers, once again denying a frustrated Marianne who incredibly, was proving
to have an insatiable appetitive for submissive humiliation, the boys Aunt was turning
out to be all and more than her husband had claimed after I had plied him with
enough booze during our infrequent drinking sessions.

&nbsp;

Looking down at
the TV monitor I watched �Marianne�s
sisters continuing the futile struggle to free themselves and thought it about
time I made my back upstairs but then I was of aware Rod�s elder brother Lee
rising from his seat to make his way across the room to stand behind his Aunt
Marianne.

&nbsp;

Lee had become a
pretty hard young man over the last couple of years, but This I had put down to
the treatment his Aunts had dished out to him and although Rod had confided to
me a soft spot, indeed, a bit of a crush on his Aunt Marianne, Lee held no such
views and I looked on in interest as, firstly obviously fiddling with his
Zipper, Lee�s hands then encircled Marianne�s Breasts, his young fingers
gripping and pulling his Aunts nipples until she threw back her head in surprised
anguish, pain and I think, no little desire and with both of the boys now
involved with the taming of their Aunt Marianne, I realised what I had first
taken to be anxiety on the part of my boys must have been nervous anticipation.

&nbsp;

�This is what
the bitch likes Rod, aint that true Auntie?� demanded Lee of his Aunt, leaving
Marianne in an impossible situation, agree and she was lost, deny Lee and face
the probability of more pain.

&nbsp;

So when Lee told
Marianne, �I aint gonna ask you again Auntie� Marianne took the easy option and
nodded her head in agreement, whereupon Lee removed his hands from his Aunts
Breasts, unclipped Marianne�s wrist cuffs and then moving her wrists in front
of her, �clipped them together once more,
this achieved without protests or rebellion from Marianne.

Indeed she made
no protest either when Lee ordered his aunt to place her hands upon her head,
just like they did in the Bondage Magazines I had shown the boys.

&nbsp;

� I had to admit Marianne looked great with her
Rounded Breasts pulled high and tight by her raised arms and Rod, temporarily
left out of the action whistled in obvious appreciation. 

&nbsp;

�She still wet
Bro?� asked Lee of his brother Rod who quickly got the message and his fingers
delved again into his unresisting Aunts love box.

�She sure is
Lee, Auntie Marianne�s Cunt is sopping wet!� replied Rod shortly, and, such was
her demeanour, her harsh short gasps of breath and the glazed look in her eyes,
it seemed to me Marianne was more than enjoying the humiliations� her two young relations were heaping upon
her.

�Great, now play
with her tits again Bro� replied Lee and, If Rod, needing no further prompting
to again weigh and play with his Aunts Breasts, wondered as I did, what Lee had
in mind, the answer came immediately when, after grabbing her by the hips. his
Aunts eyes almost flew out of their sockets as Lee, just as I had, took
Marianne from behind, only he was pushing her forward a little, gradually
bending her over to make his entrance easier.

�In this position Marianne�s tits became delightful
pendulums in Rod�s roving squeezing hands whilst amazingly his naked Aunt
obediently kept her hands upon her head.

&nbsp;

This was astonishing,
what I thought would be the boys toying a little with their Aunt had quickly
turned into something else and Lee was even smiling at me as he began slowly
pumping �the stunned� but compliant Marianne back and forth.

&nbsp;

Maybe the lads had
planned this while I was fucking my sister in law upstairs who knows?, but bent
over by Lee as she now was and with him pummelling Marianne�s Cunt her only
means of support was Rod holding and kneading her pendulous tits while
simultaneously very gradually easing all three of them backward until Rod had lowered
himself to a seating position upon a chest of drawers.

&nbsp;

�There, to my admiration Rod pulled the ball
gag away from Marianne�s lips then pulled her head down onto a very erect very
large cock he produced from within his pants.

&nbsp;

I wished I could
see her eyes, but bent over as she was Marianne�s expression was hidden from me.

&nbsp;

�But the fact she kept her leather cuffed hands
clamped upon the back of her head in obedient compliance to Lee spoke volumes
about the boys Aunt, and that Marianne was in sexual ecstasy became beyond
doubt as her head began bobbing up and down over my boys cock as Lee continued
to pump his own cock in long rhythmical strokes in and out of his Aunts Cunt.

�Indeed by now it was not only Lee doing all
the work, for there was no doubt that his Auntie was pushing herself back upon
Lee�s cock with each forward stroke he made.

�Such was the frenzy of this sexual activity it
occurred to me that perhaps Marianne, her body heaving, her head bobbing up and
down, was at that moment playing out for real her ultimate sexual fantasy and
seemingly as indifferent to the morality of the situation as me, an attitude
that would prove to be very useful to me in future 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

All of which
became too much for me for my own cock was now rock hard in my pants and there
was no way I would join this scenario so my eyes turned again toward the TV
Monitor and the two sisters, still struggling to free themselves completely
unaware of the action in the room below them.

So I decided now
was the time to leave my boys to their new Toy and made my way back upstairs.

&nbsp;

�That Marianne�s sisters would share her fate
was beyond doubt, but I knew there was no way either Debbie or Janice would
prove to be as�� accommodating as
Marianne, but instant compliance was the last thing I wanted. 

Before they
accepted the inevitable I wanted to have a lot of fun with the sisters, to
ensure that understood my motives behind their kidnap, to ensure they realised
they were going to pay big time for the last two years of hell they had
subjected upon the Boys and me.

�Then I would play one off against the other,
to fool one of them into thinking that betrayal of the other would save them
from the fate I had in mind for both of them. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������������� End of Part
Three

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

���������������������������� Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

�������������������������� Comment &amp;
feedback welcome

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Neither sister was aware of me quietly entering the Attic room once
again

 
  john
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  874
  2007-08-09T01:18:00Z
  2007-08-09T01:18:00Z
  7
  2072
  11813
  mastaclean
  98
  27
  13858
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   0
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






��������������������� ��Sex Slave
Sisters: Part four

&nbsp;

���������������������������� By Taskmaster11

&nbsp;

�

������������������� ���Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

��������������� A Story of Complete fiction for
Adults Only

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Neither sister
was aware of me quietly entering the Attic room once again,� both of them still strung up just as I
had left them. 

Only Debbie was
still continuing her futile attempts to escape the handcuffs, Janice now stood
gagged and silent after obviously deciding any further attempts to free herself
would be futile.

&nbsp;

But Debbie
appeared to be on the edge of panic.

�Oh God Jan, we
got to get out of this, where has he taken Mari?, what�s he doing to her, oh
God Jan, what if he comes back here and���oh my lord, does something to us?!� 

But the fierce
eyed Janice could only grunt and mutter unintelligible sounds into her gag,
either berating her sister or trying to calm her down.

&nbsp;

So the women
were both surprised and dismayed when I announced my presence after taking a
look at the monitor I had set up in the Attic out of sight of the two suspended
sisters, showing my boys in the Bedroom continuing their enjoyable activities
with their aunt Marianne.

&nbsp;

�Hey Debbie, I
thought you told me you were going to be a good girl if I didn�t Gag you� I
said to the elder of the two sisters whilst cupping her chin in my palm.

Debbie�s fearful
eyes tried to meet my own.

�Oh God���I�m
sorry Geoff�� she sobbed.

Sorry isn�t� good enough Debbie, I said you�d get the same
as your sis if you misbehaved, so now I have to strip and whip you before I
fuck you, just like I just fucked your sister!�

&nbsp;

Unable to
believe her ears my words which drove Debbie over the edge and made her plead
for mercy.

�Please, god no�surely
to God you didn�t��.didn�t do that!�please��..don�t do that to me, for the love
of god Geoff don�t hurt me, don�t hurt me Geoff, I can�t take pain, I�ll die!�

With my free
hand I began stroking Janice�s breasts through her T shirt and If looks could
kill I would have been dead there and then from Janice�s glare as she shook her
body in a futile attempt to free herself of my hand.

&nbsp;

�Okay then
Debbie, seeing as how you cant take the pain I guess I�ll have to take it out
on �your sister here then� I said whilst
sliding my hand up under Janice�s T shirt and Bra to begin pinching a nipple.

&nbsp;

�It�s your fault
Jan here is in trouble Debbie; I just hope she forgives you after I give her a
real good whipping� I continued, pinching Janice�s nipples in turn until she
grimaced with pain whilst I unbuttoned and unzipped her Jeans.

�Angrily shaking of her head, sidestepping and
shuffling as far as her position would allow, a clearly apprehensive but steely
eyed Janice was Unable to move away when, from behind her I pulled down on her
Jeans until they lay in a pool around her ankles with only a small red thong
remaining to give her a small amount of modesty.

Again from
behind I cut away her T shirt with the shears, leaving it in rags on the floor
leaving Janice dressed only in a Red bra and matching thong.

&nbsp;

�Like I said,
Janice, this is your sister�s fault; she got you into this, now I have to whip
the skin off your back!� 

Realising her fear
had got her younger sister in trouble and watching me snipping away at Janice�s
Bra and thong, Debbie �was distraught and
began pleading with me to spare her by then completely naked and, I realised,
very well built sister with tits to die for.

&nbsp;

�Oh god, Please,
Geoff, please don�t hurt Jan, she�s always been my baby sister� pleaded Debbie.
�I�ll do anything just don�t hurt her.�

&nbsp;

�Okay then Deb�s
let make it your call, if you want me to spare Janice from the whip� I replied
whilst unable to prevent myself from stroking and weighing her younger sister�s
glorious tits

�To begin with
let�s say I take you down and you �strip
off� every last piece of clothing then
give me a head job in front of little sis here�

&nbsp;

Just as I had
thought they would, Debbie�s eye�s widened in horror, this was not at all what
she had meant by �doing anything� for me.

�I had heard enough about the fifty- something Debbie
to know she was pretty reticent in the areas of oral and anal sex, my ex having
long ago confided in me that her sister had always been repulsed by the very
idea of such activities, so I would soon discover just how far she was willing
to go to save her younger sister.

And Just as I
expected, Debbie soon became apoplectic.

&nbsp;

�Oh my Lord, you
were my sister�s husband for God sake, the father of my nephews, you surely
don�t expect me to do THAT, it�s the most disgusting thing I ever heard, for
Christ�s sake Geoff , this is crazy, lets us go now, we can talk about this.
Mmmmmmmmm�

&nbsp;

That�s as far as
Debbie got with that outburst when I rammed the ball gag between her lips and
quickly fastened the leather straps behind her head.

�Ggggnnngggn�
moaned Debbie into the tight ball gag, and as Spools of spittle formed around
the perimeters of the Red Rubber Ball so I began stripping her also.

�Unlike Janice, Debbie wore a loose fitting
summer dress and with the shears quickly making a mess of the spaghetti straps
she was soon doing a manic dance of desperation in a hopeless attempt to
prevent me from removing the dress after ripping open the long rear zipper.

�Again with the aid if the sheers Debbie�s
plain white bra and pants soon went the way of her dress leaving the eldest
sister as naked as Janice, revealing a huge forest of thick black pubic hair
and it had to be said, once again, a pretty good pair of tits for a women her
age.

&nbsp;

Both my sisters
in law looked terrific gagged, naked and strung up as they were, the openly
sobbing terrified Debbie contrasting the sullen and almost indifferent attitude
Janice now adopted, seemingly �viewing
her elder sister�s panic stricken demeanour with distain.

�Then holding her head high, Janice, with an
almost superior look upon her face, was looking into my eyes with pure loathing,
almost if she were telling me to do my worst I thought, perhaps even challenging
me to break her if I could.

&nbsp;

�That was an offer I was not going to refuse
but first I made my way back to the monitor showing the events in my room.

&nbsp;

�Maybe it had been ten or fifteen minutes since
I last looked but Marianne was still sandwiched between her nephews, only now I
could see there had been a role reversal for Marianne was now knelt upright on
the carpet, her knees either side of Rods horizontal body whilst impaled upon
his cock as Lee stood dominantly over his Aunt, one hand holding Marianne�s
chin with the other feeding her mouth with his cock,

�For a moment I wondered if the boys had spent
their loads inside their Aunt and then changed positions to start again.
Whatever, Marianne, with Rod�s hands squeezing her tits whilst sucking upon the
her nipples was pumping up and down upon his cock in obvious sexual frenzy
whilst feeding upon Lee�s cock , her mouth willingly taking my boys whole cock
as far a the back of her throat 

&nbsp;

So there was no
doubt my sister in law was comprehensively enjoying this sexual passion, the
restraints had been removed. Her glazed eyes and wondrous, wanton expression
said it all; Marianne was in her very own sexual wonderland, riding up and down
upon her nephews cock in euphoric delight whilst her feverish tongue milked
Lee�s cock like the cat that got the cream, a sight that made my own cock
harder than ever with thoughts of the delights awaiting me as I once again
turned toward Janice�������.

&nbsp;

Fifteen minutes
later, after making use of many of the various winches and ropes dotted around
my attic room, the youngest of the three sisters hung naked and upside down in
a classic X position, her cuffed ankles secured to a spreader bar, similarly
clad wrists clipped to metal rings set into the floor and� �If
Janice really had been challenging me, well, after I had finished applying a
good twenty four strokes of a leather leash all over her naked defenceless body,
her tits, Ass, back and even between her outstretched legs, Janine was now screeching
aloud and realising she had made a big big mistake.

&nbsp;

Squatting down
beside Janice�s head and grabbing her hair, I pulled her head up until her face
was inches from to my eyes and hung upside down as she was, Janice�s large
breasts were flopping over invitingly, so taking and squeezing one large nipple
I told the frightened and hurting�
Blonde.

&nbsp;

�Well, big sis
there had her chance but she blew it Jan� for a moment I chuckled at my own
joke then continued,

�She could have
saved you from this punishment and so far I�ve only just started on you, but
I�m gonna give you a choice now, after another ten, you give me a good blow job
strung up as you are and then I�ll let you help me with big sis there, after
all, you know its her fault your in this situation�.

&nbsp;

Not really
caring whether or not she did and taking plenty of time, I gave Janice the next
ten strokes of the leather strap, all of them either between the legs or across
her Breasts, pausing between each stroke, giving it all plenty of time to sink
in and all the while reminding the sobbing pleading Janice of just who was
responsible for her plight whilst the naked Debbie herself, obviously mystified
as to why as was saying this, looked more and more alarmed by my words.

&nbsp;

But even another
ten strokes wasn�t enough for when I asked her again Janice once again shook
her head in angry defiance and her glazed eyes told me I hadn�t yet tamed her
and challenged me to do my worst.

&nbsp;

By I didn�t need
the full ten strokes to finally break Janice because her own body did that for
me.

�Concentrating each now softer blow solely upon
her outstretched Cunt and then rubbing her Cunt lips with my fingers between
each stroke I was, after just four strokes and my subsequent rubbing of her
Cunt lips, amazed to find her body suddenly become absolutely rigid.

�From behind her gag Janice was soon groaning
and moaning in the midst of her huge orgasm as suddenly whilst I was rubbing
her Cunt lips Janice�s juices began erupting from between her Cunt lips like a
water fountain!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Minutes later
with my cock in her mouth I was keeling beside Janice who after clearly having
taken all she could and seemingly enjoyed it, was giving me a terrific blow Job.


For security�s
sake I was holding the shears over her exposed thatch of pubic hair and telling
Janice they would go straight into her Cunt should she even think about biting
my cock but in fact, given her situation, Janice made a pretty good job of it,
after all, the sooner it was over the sooner she would be taken down from
there, let down to assist me in my next task, that of taking on an increasingly
apprehensive looking Debbie who all the while had been at �staring in horrified fascination at the tableau
played out before her, her wide terrified eyes seemingly unable to tear
themselves away from the sight of her �baby� sister, after taking such a
beating seemingly intent on fulfilling and even satisfying my evil demands. 

&nbsp;

�Such were her already undoubted and obviously
well practised skills combined with my own excitement it was only a few minutes
before I was shooting a considerable was of hot sperm into Janice�s mouth and
on down her throat before eventually pulling out to shoot the last few drops
over her chin and looking into her strangely glazed over eyes, demanding she
then clean every inch of my cock with her tongue, a task my youngest sister in
law carried out with, I thought, almost meticulous care, more perhaps than many
another would, given her situation, so much so that Debbie now looked
crestfallen and bewildered, maybe perhaps thinking the unthinkable, that her younger
sister may even be �enjoying� her ordeal. 

&nbsp;

So I made the
decision that it would not be me but Janice who was to punish her older sister,
willingly or otherwise, telling her so after I had released her from her upside
down bondage whilst, taking her to one side and away from her Naked sister and
with her wrists cuffed behind, I stood the unsteady and naked Blonde upright,
holding her steady as she wobbled around to the blood rushing back to her
extremities.� 

Then I whispered
in her ear.

&nbsp;

�Your gonna do
to your sister just what I did to you, your gonna string the bitch upside down
just like I tell you Janice, then you whip her like I whipped you or you go
straight back up there yourself, you got that?� 

&nbsp;

I had thought
maybe Janice would tell me to go to hell, maybe spit at me, call me every name
under the sun but what I didn�t expect was for her to look me steadily in the
eyes, nod her head and then say.

&nbsp;

�Only after I�ve
seen Marianne is okay and unhurt� 

An answer I
couldn�t argue with but of course neither Janice nor Debbie new the boys, their
nephews, were in the house, let alone currently in the act of giving their Aunt
a double fucking at that very moment!

&nbsp;

�The TV monitor, unseen by Janice facing the
other way, was just a few feet away and a quick glance showed Marianne and my
boys in yet another sexual position but this time, to my astonishment Lee was now
in the act of actually sodomising his Aunt, his body draped over her back, his
hard cock quite obviously buried in Marianne�s Anus with Marianne herself �still speared upon the prostrate Rod, her arms
either side of his head whilst she kissed him forcefully upon his mouth whilst,
arching his body up and down, Rod forcefully pumped into his aunt as his climax
grew.

&nbsp;

So what I do
now?� I asked myself, show Janice she
screen or wait until the boys had finished with their Aunt .����� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������������������������������������������ End
of Part Four

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

������������������������������������
Taskmaster11@hotmail.com

������������������������������������ Your
comments are welcome

&nbsp;

������������������������������������������� To
Be Continued

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  taskmaster11


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





