BDSM Library - Choices.




Choices.
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I had been stalking one and ended up with five.     I knew two of them would have to die soon.   And three of them would wish they had died soon.   And I wanted Taylor (and her kid) to live forever. 








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  6
  2007-06-09T20:51:00Z
  2007-06-09T20:51:00Z
  41
  14779
  84246
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  702
  197
  98828
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  0
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






����������� Choices.

����������� Part
One.

����������� The
Nipple Cull.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Page 1.

&nbsp;

����������� I'd
called a meeting.

����������� Their
attendance was compulsory.

����������� They
were eating me out of house and home and I just knew my cock would get plumb
worn out if I was to bang them all as much as I knew I wanted to. I'd never
really intended to capture five of them at one time but now it was a done deal
and the real problem was I didn't know which two of the five I liked the least.
I figured I could handle three fairly easily so I planned to execute two of
them to reduce my contingent of fuck cunts. But, all in all, it was not going
to be any easy matter deciding which to murder since they all were so
beautiful. I'd grabbed them at the closing of a modelling and fashion
convention in Toronto, Canada so it wasn't too surprising they were all great
looking. Still knowing they were going to die so early, really added to the
tension and the delight.

����������� So
that's why I'd called the meeting, firstly to see if there would be any
volunteers, which I highly suspected was unlikely, or failing that to work out
some method of selection for the elimination process, like a murder lottery or
loser's contest.

����������� They
were all still dressed in the clothing I'd captured them in but Taylor's was a
bit mussed up.

����������� They
could tell something was up and looked extra worried and concerned except for
Miranda who was the youngest at twenty-three. She looked somewhat upbeat and
even cheery. Maybe it had all been a terrible mistake and I was going to let
them go. She must have been thinking something to herself along those lines as
she was humming and looked trusting and expectant of good news, almost eager to
hear what I had to say. Eventually, my words would sear her brain and my hot
irons, her cunt.

����������� And
so I began.

����������� 'You
special ladies are all looking fine to-day. I'm sorry for the inconvenience and
the delay. I had to do some business and I realize you've been here three days
now and there's been no explanation, but we'll get into that shortly. I hope
the food's been OK and I know you'll all want a bath soon.'

����������� Ashley
was forty-two and the oldest and most assertive and she challenged me
immediately, almost spitting it out. 'You have no right to hold us here. You
have to let us go. I don't know who you think we are, but you have to let us
go. This is so not right and I demand, we demand, we all demand you
release us now.'

����������� I
could have bitch slapped her right then but I knew I'd get to it and when I
did, she'd really know what hit her - like brass knuckles in her crotch.� I knew I'd slug-fest her and really looked
forward to it.

&nbsp;

Page 2.

&nbsp;

����������� With
my prick growing hard, I slowly surveyed the bunch, taking in my abundance of
riches, and focused on Miranda.

����������� 'What
about you, Miranda? You don't seem so demanding and assertive. Do you agree
with Ashley?'

����������� 'I,
yes. I want you to too, but I think you're going to anyway. I think you want to
so I don't think I, we have to demand that you do. Am I right? I'm right,
aren't I?'

����������� 'I
don't know, sweetie. (And she was so fucking sweet and I knew she'd taste it
too.)� But there do have to be some
changes. There's going to be some big changes.' I answered.

����������� Chris
was forty and a real power bitch and just as pissed as Ashley and let right
into me, eyes blazing and jaw raised right up in arrogance. 'Ashley's right. We
demand that you release us. You've stepped way over the line, but you haven't
hurt us or anything, so letting us go is the only thing that can set it right.
Set us free to set it right.'

����������� (Little
did they know what had already happened to Taylor.)

����������� Marie
concurred. She seemed a little more submissive and was a stunning beauty and
was twenty-four, but only four months older than Miranda. 'We're not
playthings, toys. You can't collect us. We're human beings and deserve respect
and consideration and not to be frightened or terrified or even� made to be uncertain. So please, do the right
thing and let us go. Let us all go.'

����������� They
nodded and murmured in agreement, they were of one mind, except for Taylor.

����������� Right
off, from the start, she was my favorite. She was, in fact, the reason I ended
up grabbing the bunch, her and her hotel room-mates. She was thirty-three, five
foot seven and about a hundred and thirty pounds. She was fucking exquisite and
I'd hurt her cunt pretty good when I isolated her from the others and I raped
her and I think she knew from how eager I was to bust her that things were not
really as they seemed. I'd bitten into her clit before I penetrated� and unloaded inside her and warned her if she
told the others at all, in any way, any of what happened, I'd kill them and
make her watch. She'd begged me and begged me to use a condom so I shoved one
in her ass as I cunt raped her. I was mean and she knew to expect more. From as
far as I could tell, she hadn't said a word and the others were blissfully unaware
of what I was really after. I don't know how she'd avoided alerting them about
what I'd done to her, but she had and she knew.�
She knew there was a shit load more shit to pay and her fears were well
founded and tied her tongue.

&nbsp;

Page 3.

&nbsp;

����������� I
walked, sort of strode, up to her and put my hands on her shoulders. I massaged
and pinched her at the same time, clawing my fingers into her blades. I was
hurting her but the others couldn't tell.

����������� 'So
Taylor, you're not saying too much. In fact, you're not saying anything at all.
Why is that? Why aren't you joining in?' I smirked in her face.

����������� I
looked her right in the eyes, squeezing and gripping her shoulders even harder.
I could see the recognition and smell her fear and simmering anger. I thought
about how her cunt had tasted and felt, and she thought about how her cunt
still hurt something awful.

����������� 'Speak
when you're spoken to.' I ordered her.

����������� 'I,
please. Just... I'm afraid. They don't. I'm afraid, they don't know...'

����������� 'Know
what? What don't they know?' I moved my hands down towards her tits. Her white
silk blouse had one button torn off and her�
bra was ripped at the side. It was sheer and elastic and reveled every
contour. She was heaving and struggling for breath and to keep from blurting
out her terrible secret. Her chin quivered and tears welled in her eyes.

����������� 'Answer
me. Fucking answer me.'

����������� The
others could tell something was going on between us, something extra, but
weren't at all sure what it was.

����������� 'I..
I can't. I don't know. Ashley's right. They all are. You should let us go.'

����������� 'No
seconds?' I suggested to her.

����������� She
looked fearful and almost resigned as a tear escaped.� 

����������� 'I
think we need to talk in private. What do you think?'

����������� 'No.
No, please. I don't want to. No. I agree with them. They know what's right.
They do know. That's what I meant. So I don't have to add any more. That's why
I was quiet.'

����������� 'You
wouldn't lie to me? Would you?' I said as I gave her a knowing wink.

����������� 'Please
no. You know.' She sort of begged.

����������� 'That
I do, so we're going to have a little talk, just the two of us. In private.'

����������� She
shuddered and then sort of wailed.

����������� 'Oh
no. Please no. Please. I don't want to ...'

����������� The
others easily picked up on her deepening distress and fear and joined in with a
chorus of 'leave her alone' and 'stop picking on her', but my mind was made up.
I so wanted to fuck her again harder I was afraid I might kill her too soon.

&nbsp;

Page 4.

&nbsp;

����������� I
untied Taylor's neck rope from the steel wall ring securing her and attached my
portable metal neck tether to her and pulled her away from the wall by her hair
at the back.

����������� She
resisted.

����������� I
growled into her ear, but it was still a whisper, 'I'll fucking kill them right
in front of you if you resist. If you don't co-operate, one of them is dead,
right now. You got it?'

����������� She
nodded slightly and stopped straining. I brushed my hand down across the front
of her blouse, brushing her tit like it was an accident. I felt her recoil and
jiggle slightly like Jello. Her tits weren't large but were perfectly formed
and pointed towards her chin.

����������� She
knew what I was after again and strained so I gripped her hair more tightly as
I marched her towards the door.

����������� I
could smell the coming fuck in her.

����������� And
she knew too she'd be getting it again.

����������� To
the loud protests of all the others, I propelled her down the hall to another
room at the end and shoved her inside and closed the door. I went back and went
to close the door where the others were. They were all secured by rope neck
lines so couldn't run free. 

����������� Chris
barked at me. 'Don't you hurt her. Don't you touch her. You hear?'

����������� Marie
and Ashley concurred, 'Leave her alone and bring her back in here. Bring her
back in here now.'

����������� Miranda
was just crying now, her optimism faded.

����������� 'Not
to worry ladies. I'll bring her back.' They just didn't know they wouldn't be
at all happy to see her again or the mission she'd have to complete.

����������� I
closed the door and could hear them yelling after me as I strode down the
hallway to my target and my prize .

����������� I
knew I had to watch it or I might get carried away and kill her and I knew I
was going to bite her clit even harder and this time her nipples too. But I had
to watch it, if I bit them off, de-nippled her, how would she explain that and
how could I then maintain the pretense of them not facing horrible dangers?
Half the fun was their ignorance of my full intentions and keeping it that way
for as long as possible. I suppose it was a dilemma but what a fantastic one. I
was the king and I made all the rules. Fuck their notions of rules, mine were
the only ones that counted now in their miserable new lives.

&nbsp;

Page 5.

&nbsp;

����������� I
stood outside the door where Taylor was and listened. All was too quiet. I put
my ear to the door and still couldn't hear anything. She didn't think I knew
but I knew what she was up to. To confirm it, I ever so quietly moved away from
the door and went to the video monitoring system I'd installed and lo and
behold there she was standing at the ready to the side of the door which would
put her behind it when I entered. She fully intended to try to overpower me
from behind and I just loved it. I just fucking loved her false hopes and
plans. Stupid cunt, she was all set to give me the right to really go after her
crotch. She was giving me the excuse I didn't even need, like unjust
justification.

����������� I
watched her on the monitor for about ten minutes and she barely moved her
position although she took a few practice swipes and grabs and kicks. She was
ever so tense and serious. It was all great sport to watch, like she was shadow
boxing or wrestling and as she kicked her long leg high, I knew I'd smash her
shins.

����������� I
figured I had a few good options. I could go in armed with my Taser set on
maximum stun. I could take along a steel pipe or a knife or I could go back in
unarmed to give her a fighting chance.

����������� And
that's what I felt like doing. I didn't want to immobilize her. I wanted to
fight with her, to wrestle with her and claw at her and to bash her silly. A
good old-fashioned punch-up, but I'd be doing most of the punching up her cunt.
Still, I had to be careful. I had no real idea how strong she might� become if her adrenalin kicked in and I
couldn't have her getting away or, Heaven forbid, knocking me out. That could
make for a predicament, if she ever got the better of me and told the other
four how meanly I'd already raped and bitten her. Fuck, five mad cunts after my
balls all set for revenge. Fuck, I needed to be careful and extra crafty.

����������� I
knew how to be extra ingenious.

����������� Unknown
to Taylor, unknown to any of them, there was a light switch in the hallway
beside each doorway that electrified the door knob to that room with one
hundred and ten volts.� I had set this up
for the bathroom and two of the bedrooms, the one where the four of them still
were and the one Taylor was in now. I also had a hidden two-way switch inside
each room so I could turn off the current if need be.

&nbsp;

Page 6.

&nbsp;

����������� For
Taylor, I was satisfied that was precaution enough and headed back up to mess
with her and to ram fuck her.

����������� I
went to the door and tapped lightly.

����������� 'Taylor.
Taylor. You still in there? You waiting for me? You waiting for it?'

����������� (Of
course, she was. I'd locked the door from the outside and she couldn't unlock
it from the inside.)

����������� I
unlocked it.

����������� I
was almost giddy and my cock was throbbing.

����������� 'Taylor,
speak up. Time for another visit.' I really wanted her to know what was coming.
I wanted her to fight.

����������� She
still remained mute, all coiled and ready to spring from behind the door when I
opened it. I turned the knob and opened the door about an inch. I took hold of
it above the knob and flicked the switch to electrify the handle. You might
say, it was hot and live.

����������� I
opened the door about another foot and could see part of her through the crack
at the hinges. She was so set to pounce. I opened it about another foot and
then pulled it back towards me and slammed it open and back right against her
behind it. She screamed out and I rushed into the room and slammed the door
shut behind me. She was holding her head and looked dazed and stunned. She
wasn't standing fully erect but was sort of hunched over, but was still
reaching for the knob and was just inches from taking hold, so I went for her
fast and grabbed her by the hair and yanked her to the other side of the room
where there was a steel framed bed modified for rape and torture. She tried to
twist away but I punched her about the kidneys and she dropped to the floor
crying and gasping.

����������� 'Stop
it. Stop it, please.'

����������� 'What
were you going to do? Stupid fucking cunt, what were you going to try to do?'

����������� I
took hold of her head and glared into her face and shoved her hard onto the
bed. She rolled onto it and off the other side onto the floor. Now of all
things, she surprised me. She got up fast, almost flew up like she was
super-charged and looked ready to fight back.

����������� She
was furious and enraged.

����������� She
seemed ready to defend herself.

����������� Now
we could have some real fun. 

����������� She
was getting into my role.

&nbsp;

Page 7.���������� 

&nbsp;

����������� I
taunted her. 'You'd better make the big play now. Make your big play or I'll
fuck you a hundred times worse than before. I'll bite your fucking clit off
this time and your nipples too for good measure. So go for it girl. You go for
it. But make it good'

����������� She
looked uncertain and less determined.

����������� 'Your
nipples. Your fucking nipples. I'll bite them off. You hear me, so bring it
on.'

����������� 'You..
You're a bastard. You already hurt me. Why are you trying to hurt me again?
Why? - I'm not your enemy.' She added as an afterthought, hoping that it made
it� I wasn't her enemy either.

����������� 'Trying?
Oh, I'll be doing a whole lot more than trying, so you better take your all
time best shot.'

����������� 'I.
please. I.. I..' She was weakening.

����������� 'Come
on. Fucking come on. You want a piece of me. You want to get back at me for
raping you and biting into your clitoris? (I emphasized the word as I
said it, stretching it out.)� Come on and
get it. Come on and get me. You stupid, weak, useless, conniving bitch cunt.'

����������� For
whatever reason, I just couldn't goad her. Her resolve had melted and she
started to tremble and sob. Then she wept. She cried deep and convulsed and her
chest jiggled just right.

����������� Why
don't cunts understand that during sexual assaults, when they cry hard and
their tits jiggle, it just makes it all the worse for them and all the better
for their attacker? Don't they understand seeing two tits shaking out of fear
and loathing is a major turn on? Like an invitation?

����������� Two
(usually erect) little nipples trying to jiggle out of harms way?

����������� Hah,
fucking unlikely, hah.

����������� I
moved in towards her to move in on her. I wanted her to fight. I wanted her to
surprise me with her ferocity.

����������� Well
she fucking did that all right. She surprised me.

����������� She
started to strip.

����������� In
no time flat she was trembling there in just her ripped bra and her panties. I
was amazed and bemused. She didn't go any further but just stood there like it
was an invitation. If I wanted her I could have her and I didn't have to
over-power her to get it. (So where's the fun in that? I thought to myself.
Maybe I could make it fun. See how far she was willing to go to satisfy
unreasonable demands.)

����������� 'What's
this about? I didn't tell you to undress, did I?'

����������� 'No.
No. I know what you're after and you said you'd hurt me worse, so I'm
co-operating. Here look.' And she undid her bra and let it drop to the floor.

����������� 'Well
I suppose that's my cue then too.'� I
stripped naked and just stood there bold as brass balls just staring at her. My
cock was on the rise.

&nbsp;

Page 8.

&nbsp;

����������� God,
she was fucking beautiful. Tits about 34B, upright and perky with the hardest,
slightly oval nipples possible and her panties were pulled well up into her
slit which was where I'd be shortly. I could see both her mounds, the right a
little more than the left�� . 

����������� 'Fuck
you.' I said meanly. 'You think you can just offer it to me? That's what you
think?'

����������� 'You.
That's what you want.'

����������� 'To
have sex with you?' I said as a question.

����������� 'Yes?
Yes?' She wasn't sure.

����������� 'To
fuck you?'

����������� 'Yes.
That's what you want. To have sex. You've even taken your clothes off.'

����������� 'Look,
you stupid cunt. I don't want to have sex with you. I don't even want to fuck
you. I want to rape you.'

����������� She
glared at me as she sorted out the implications. She mulled it over inside her
head for a couple of minutes and I could see her rage building. It wasn't
enough I wanted to penetrate her, I had to be sure she knew it was rape.

����������� She
was ready to explode.

����������� I
needed to trigger her.

����������� 'Put
your bra back on. I don't want to see your stupid, puny tits. You call those
tits? They're like a girls. Why do you even wear a bra? You don't need one.
Does it make you feel like a woman? Like you're a real woman? A cunt with no
tits who wears a bra, what a pathetic joke. And your ass is too big.' I added
as a lie. (It wasn't. It was just perfect. But that seems to be something women
are conscious of.)

����������� She
glared at me and thought I meant it, about her tits being too small and she
should be ashamed of them. The thing was, they were exactly my all time ideal
but she didn't know that from what I said. How I ridiculed and insulted her.
She bent down to retrieve her bra from the floor and fast like a little mouse
slid under the bed.

����������� 'What?
What's this? You think you can hide under there?'

����������� I
absolutely loved it. She was trying to protect herself.

����������� I
got down on my hands and knees and went to reach for her and she swung and
kicked at me wildly. I managed to snare her wrist and she went to bite my hand
so I let go. I came back at her from around the other side of the bed and she
turned to repel me and kicked just as ferociously. I tried to crawl under to
subdue her but she kept kicking at my head and even grazed my jaw. I moved back
to get away from her kicks and as I was about to get upright she kicked out too
far and I� managed to lock onto her
ankle.

&nbsp;

Page 9. 

&nbsp;

����������� I
pulled with all my might and she slid partway out from under, to just above her
knees. Her other leg was flailing wildly. I yanked up on her leg and managed to
crunch her kneecap against the underside of the steel bed-frame rail. She
fucking hollered and she was good at it. I did it again, only harder and almost
busted her cap. She wrenched to the side and I pulled harder until she was half
way out. Her ass was partially facing up and I punched her full bore into her
cheek as hard as I could. I punched her again really hard at the top of her
leg, at the back, in the big muscle. She screeched and tried to pull herself
back under the bed. Her loose leg was momentarily lying still on the floor and
I stamped on her ankle. I think I broke a couple of the twenty-six small bones
in her foot. She shrieked. I grabbed the injured ankle and pulled her almost completely
out. Her arms were stretched tight above her head as she held on not to get
pulled all the way out. Her tits were nicely elongated. She was on her back now
so everything was a clear target.

����������� I
could smack her cunt or her tits. I snared her other ankle and just held onto
her like that. Like a tug-of-war or a tug-of-whore. She wriggled and I knew she
couldn't hold on much longer. She kept thrusting her pussy into the air, into
my face as she tried to win. I was so ready to clit bite her again.

����������� She
went still and looked me meekly in the eyes, pleading, for awhile, without
saying a word.

����������� And
then she started with the sincere begging.

����������� 'Please.
Oh, please. Don't hurt me anymore. Please. Please. I'm sorry. Please..'

����������� 'What
are you sorry for?' I asked her.

����������� 'Please,
I'm sorry I fought with you. I shouldn't have.'

����������� 'Sorry
you fought? Geeze, that's just what I wanted you to do. I want you to fight
some more. Fight some more before I,�
before I take you again.'

����������� 'Oh,
no. Please. I can't. You hurt my knee and my ankle and I cut my hands on the
bed underneath. It was sharp and hurt bad as I held on. I can't fight anymore.
I just can't'

����������� 'You're
all out of piss and vinegar, are you?'

����������� 'Please
just stop.'

����������� 'Well
we'll see. Now I'm going to let go and you do what you have to. Do what you
want to.'

&nbsp;

Page 10.�������� ����������� 

&nbsp;

����������� I
released her ankles and stepped back. She didn't try to retreat back under the
bed. Slowly she emerged the rest of the way and started to stand herself up.
Her ankle hurt like stink but she managed to stand full up facing me, but
favoring her other leg. She was very unsteady and jiggled nicely. I thought she
would fall down again if I even just blew on her. Not into her but on her.

����������� 'So
what now?' I said.

����������� She
started to piss right there in front of me. She peed herself and it ran down
her leg and her panties were soaked. Her light blue silk briefs were messed
again. I'd used them to wipe off my prick when I came in her before and she'd
hated putting them back on. She thought it was degrading and didn't respect my
sperm.

����������� I'd
teach her to revere it and to dine on it.

����������� 'You
stupid cunt. Why'd you do that? You think I want to do you all soiled like
that? You're supposed to use the toilet, you dumb cunt bitch.'

����������� 'I'm
sorry. I couldn't help it. I'm so afraid.'

����������� 'Well
maybe you can help this.' Like a lightning bolt I full frontal cunt kicked her
right into her soiled twat. She never saw it coming so couldn't even cower. I
caught her smack in the lips. She shrieked and crumpled to the floor out cold.
I got her up onto the bed and pulled her panties off and� I tied her arms and legs full spread eagled
and plenty tight. I shut off the power switch to the door knob and went to the
bathroom to get a wet cloth and towel to wash her crotch clean and down her
leg. I returned and climbed up on her and washed all down her leg and right up
into her split were I'd made a bit of blood. I fingered her clit nub and
pinched her and twisted on it. I nipple pinched her good� but didn't want to do her until she was
conscious. I slid my thumb in and out of her instead and got my teeth onto her
but didn't bite down enough to make more blood. After about ten minutes of
messing around with her, I face smacked her back and forth about ten times and
she started to revive. I straddled her shoulders so the first thing she saw was
my cock about three inches from her face and her mouth.

����������� She
came fully to.

����������� 'Open
up. Open up.' I said.

����������� She
jerked her head to the side.

����������� 'Open
your fucking mouth or I'll bite into one of your nipples.'

����������� She
did and I slid my cock between her perfect white teeth.

����������� 'Tongue
me. Suck me. You stupid slut cunt. Suck me off.'

����������� She
did her best but wasn't very good at it. I'm not sure she'd ever had a cock in
her sweet mouth before. I pulled myself from her mouth and gripped onto her
head by her hair on both sides and pulled really hard. Her face winced and then
her heart.

����������� I
shoved a pillow over her face and held it there for about half a minute. I
could hear her muffled terror and could feel her features right through it. Her
mouth was wide open. I pulled it away and she gasped to get the fresh air she
needed. 

&nbsp;

Page 11.

����������� 

&nbsp;

����������� 'Now
listed to me you useless cunt fuck bitch. You suck me off until I blow into
your mouth or your nipple's done for. You fucking understand?'

����������� She
looked at me terrified but cognizant.

����������� 'Now
do it better. A whole lot better.' I pressed my knee hard into her spread
crotch where she was partially ruptured and she screamed out. I went down to
see closer for a visit. I pried her open and her clit still had a little blood
oozing around it. I must have split open some blood vessels when I booted her.
I slid my tongue in and licked it off and pulled her out between my teeth. I
almost bit into her but controlled myself for a bit longer. I got back up to
her face and shoved my cock half way down her throat, like she was a sword
swallower. She gagged and I had to pull back quite a bit to keep from choking
her.

����������� 'Now
go to work and make it good.'

����������� She
did her best. She really tried but just couldn't get me to ejaculate. She
couldn't get any rhythm going and didn't know how to use her teeth on my knob.
She tried for about ten minutes and then enough was enough. I yanked my cock
out.

����������� 'You
know what this means, don't you?'

����������� 'No.
No. I tried. Please. No. I tried the best I could. Let me try again. Oh
please.'

����������� She
begged with the best of them.

����������� 'What
does it mean?' I repeated myself.

����������� 'No.
No. No. Oh please, no.'

����������� 'I'll
tell you what, I'll be fair.'

����������� 'Fair?
How could you be fair to me?'

����������� 'I'll
let you pick the one.'

����������� She
looked at me in disbelief and horror. I squeezed her labia and slowly thumb
fucked her, digging up against her swollen clit and scraping her cervix. I was
a vix man right to the core. And she was surely a vixen, a cervixen.

����������� 'You
pick the one and I'll be fair. I'll let you keep the other one.'

����������� 'God.
Oh, God no. What are you doing? Why are you doing this to me? I didn't do
anything to you. The others, we didn't do anything to you. Why? oh why?'

����������� 'The
others? What about the others?' I asked.

&nbsp;

Page 12.

&nbsp;

����������� 'They..
I.. I don't know.'

����������� It
was time to play really dirty.

����������� 'Would
you prefer I bit one of their nipples off rather than yours?'

����������� 'No.
I didn't mean that.'

����������� 'But
would you? If I agreed to do that would you agree too?'

����������� 'Oh
please, Oh please. Just stop. Don't'

����������� 'Then
pick one of yours if you want to keep one.'

����������� 'God.
God help me. I can't. God help me. I can't.'

����������� 'You
won't. You mean you won't.' I said.

����������� 'No.
No I just cant.'

����������� 'Very
well then, two of them off it is.'

����������� I
took hard hold of her right breast and squeezed her out to make her nipple
protrude. I pinched her to harden her and started my mouth, my teeth for the
task at hand.

����������� 'No.
No. Please. The right one then. Do it to the right one. I choose it, please.'

����������� 'Too
fucking late, bitch. You had your chance to choose and now it's too late.'

����������� I
had my lips to her meat and my tongue circled her bud. I moved my teeth onto
her at the base and bit in hard and pulled her out between my teeth. I did this
several times and then picked a spot about two thirds along, so I'd just bite
the tip off where most of her nerve endings were. I was going in for the blood
and could taste her salty sweet and wet warm. 

����������� She
hollered, ' God, God. Help me. God forgive me. Do one of the others instead. Do
one of them. But stop. Please, God, stop.'

����������� I
didn't bite any further. I'd broken through the skin but the tip of her nipple
was still attached. I let off and pulled back and looked her in the eyes.

&nbsp;

Page 13.

&nbsp;

����������� 'Really?
That's what you'd prefer. I do one of the others instead?'

����������� 'God
help me. God forgive me, but yes. It hurts too much already and you said you
were going to do both now, so if that's what it takes to stop you, God forgive
me but yes.'

����������� 'Fair
enough. I'm a little surprised, even a little disappointed. You should be
ashamed. Aren't you ashamed?'

����������� She
looked ashamed and guilty but didn't answer.

����������� 'I
gave you my word, so that'll be OK. That's what we'll do.'

����������� 'We'll?
We'll do?' She questioned.

����������� I
pulled out on her bitten nipple. I could slide my fingernail into the cuts on
both sides. She shrieked as I pulled and twisted on her injury. I guessed about
a sixteenth of an inch of flesh is what held the tip still on her. I let off
and kissed her and ran my hand down to her slit and pulled at her. I massaged
and squeezed her and she got good and wet.

����������� 'Please,
you said. You said.'

����������� 'While
you're tied like that, I'm going to fuck you. You can be damned sure about
that.'

����������� 'No.
Please. You said.'

����������� 'I'm
going to fuck you and I'm going to fuck you now so shut the fuck up.'

����������� I
pried her open with both thumbs and stretched her really wide. It hurt lots
since she'd been bashed there. I pinched onto her clit and shoved my thumb so
to scratch her cervix. It was the first I was really starting to torture her
and for me it was just child's play, foreplay.

����������� My
prick was so ready that when I penetrated her, I came in about six thrusts. I
couldn't hold the load back and I pulled out and smeared it into her lips and
mouth.

&nbsp;

Page 14.

&nbsp;

����������� 'That
was too fast. Way fucking too fast, so we'll have to do it again, but for now,
it's your choice to make.'

����������� 'What?
What choice? You just raped me. What choice?'

����������� 'Just
for clarification, you think that was rape? You think I just raped you? I
barely banged you let alone raped you. Now make your choice.'

����������� 'I
don't understand.'

����������� 'You
said you wanted one of the others to lose a nipple rather than you so you get
to chose.'

����������� 'What?
No. That's not... What?'

����������� 'You
get to pick the one who loses a nipple. She loses her nipple because of you.'

����������� 'No.
No. No. No. I won't. I can't. I won't do that.'

����������� 'You
won't?'

����������� 'You
didn't say. You didn't say that.'

����������� 'But
I'm saying it now, so that's what you have to do.'

����������� 'I
won't. Never. Never. I just can't.'

����������� 'Very
well then. Have it your way. I'll finish your right one. It's almost all the
way off anyway and then I'll do the left one.'

����������� 'Please.
Oh God, you're a monster.'

����������� 'I'll
do the left one but lengthwise and then, and then..'

����������� 'Oh
God, I can't be hearing this. This isn't right.'

����������� 'And
then I'm going to de-clit you. I'm going to bite your clitoris clean through
and off. I won't let you bleed to death though. I'll get a blow torch with a
soldering tip and cauterize you so you don't die. I want to fuck you lots more
times even with your clit gone.'

����������� 'You're
a horrible monster. You're not human.'

����������� 'Yeah,
you got that right, alright,� but I'll
tell you, your cunt burned like that with your clit missing, you can't begin to
imagine the pain, the fucking searing pain you're going to feel for weeks even
months. And just imagine the sting when you piss. Just imagine the pain when we
fuck.'

&nbsp;

Page 15.

&nbsp;

����������� She
was basically blubbering now and her brain could barely process what she was
hearing.

����������� 'So
that's it then. Let's get started, or one last chance, do you want to chose one
of the others?'

����������� 'I
can't. No matter how much you hurt me or even torture me, I can't do that. That
would make me as evil as you, and I'm not evil.'

����������� 'But
I am?'

����������� 'Yes,
of course, to do this to an innocent woman, to hurt me like you have and plan
to, you have to be evil.'

����������� 'I
suppose. Since evil is as evil does, lets get to it then. We're all set then.
OK?'

����������� I
gave her a gentle kiss on her cunt lips and then on her mouth lips and stroked
her tear stained cheeks. She really was sweet and defeated. So vulnerable and
awaiting her sexual destruction but praying it wouldn't really happen. Maybe I
could fool her some more.

����������� 'Wait
a minute,' I said, I have another idea, and this then all falls to you. It'll
be on your shoulders and becomes your fault.'

����������� &quot;No.
I don't know. No. What do you mean now?'

����������� 'After
I'm done with you, I'm going to do each of the others the same. Just the same
as you and it'll be all your fault.'

����������� 'What?
No. No way. What? Why?'

����������� 'You
heard me.'

����������� 'No.
What? How?'

����������� 'You
pick. You chose one or they all get it and they weren't going to get it, so it
becomes your responsibility. It becomes your doing.'

����������� 'That's
not true. That's not fair. You're twisting everything around.'

����������� 'I'm
sure as Hell twisting this.' I said as I pinched in on her labia.

����������� She
begged and screamed.

����������� 'So
what'll it be?'

&nbsp;

Page 16.

&nbsp;

����������� 'Let
me think. Just stop please and let me think about it.'

����������� 'OK,
that's fine. I'll just sit over here and watch you thinking.' ���������� 

����������� (As
if her brain lived in her tits.)

����������� She
had no idea the evil surprise she was facing.

����������� I
could see her talking to herself, reasoning it through, like rational thought
should apply, trying to justify how and whom she would chose. Her face was a
picture of pain and dilemma and finally she said, 'I've worked it out. I think
I have, so I'll do what you say then.'

����������� 'That's
great. That's a smart girl, like pragmatic but a bit like a heroine too.'

����������� 'OK
then. God give me strength. God forgive me, but I chose..'

����������� 'Hold
it.' I said, 'I want to write something down.'

����������� I
scribbled on a piece of paper with a pencil.

����������� 'Continue.'
I said.

����������� 'God
forgive me but I chose Chris. She's the oldest and I think the strongest, so I
chose her.'

����������� I
showed her the piece of paper with Chris's name I'd just written on it. 

����������� 'What
does that mean?' She said.

����������� 'It
means you're totally predictable and I know you as well as you know yourself.'

����������� 'You
don't, not really, but I've done what you ask so please just go and get on with
it.'

����������� 'Go?
Go from here, without you? No. No. You don't get to chose from here. You have
to do it face to face. You have to look your victim in the eyes. Feel her
healthy breast. Chose the nipple by kissing it.'

����������� 'No,
but I can't. No please.'

����������� 'No,
but you have to.'

����������� 'Please,
Please I can't.'

����������� 'Shit,
mother of shit, how can we keep going around in the same circles like this?
That's the only way it can be.'

����������� 'Let
me think some more. Please, I didn't expect this.'

����������� 'Very
well, I'm in no hurry.'

����������� She
went through the same� mental struggles
and then agreed.

����������� 'Very
well. I'll do it. I'll chose her face to face so let me lose so I can get it
over and done with.'

&nbsp;

Page 17.

&nbsp;

����������� I
just looked at her, gazed at her all rubbery like, so ready to spring her nasty
surprise.

����������� 'Let
me lose so I can get it done.'

����������� 'Let
you lose?'

����������� 'Yes.'

����������� 'Now?'
I said.

����������� 'Yes,
or whenever you want me to do it.'

����������� 'I
want you to do it now, but not before...'

����������� 'Before?
What? What? Before?'

����������� Here
it came, in spades.

����������� 'Not
before I do you.'

����������� 'What?
No. No. That's not what you said. You said I had to chose one of them and you
wouldn't hurt me anymore. That's what you said.'

����������� 'Yeah,� but that was then and this is now. You still
get done and then you chose one of them. Chris or whomever or they all get
done.'

����������� I
fiddled with her cunt while she tried to process this new development, the
change in the rules.

����������� 'Oh
God. Oh God. How can you do this. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I should have agreed
sooner but I didn't know. I didn't know.'

����������� 'Know
what?' I teased her.

����������� 'The
consequences of not choosing. How could I know?'

����������� 'Well,
you know now, so are we agreed?'

����������� I
was digging into her cunt now with my nails and my prick was about ready for
another go.

����������� 'I'll� tell you what, I'll give you a bit more time
to think about it. Right now I want to turn you over.'

����������� 'What.
What? No. Why?'

����������� 'I
want to tie you facing down.'

����������� 'Oh
God. No more pain. No more. Why?'

����������� 'Why
do you think? So I can ass fuck you. I'm so ready to shove it into you again
but want a little variety, to do the sphincter splits.'

����������� She
thrashed on the bed wildly straining at her bindings so I bunched her tits up
with two hands, held her like that with one hand and elbow smashed her getting
both jugs at once.

&nbsp;

Page 18.

&nbsp;

����������� Her
head lurched forward and I gut punched her and then cunt punched her but not as
hard as the kick. She moaned as she passed out. I flipped her over and tied her
face down. Her cheeks were spread good and wide and I shoved a pillow under her
pelvis. I waited about ten minutes for her to revive and then really stimulated
her cunt juices with my fingers and thumbs, I smeared it all about� her sphincter.

����������� I
kissed her to the side of the head, at her temple and then twisted her head
sideways and gave her a good mouth kiss. She felt my knob at her pucker and
then felt the tearing push in. I really took my time up her ass. She was a
virgin. She'd never been bum fucked before. My buggery bat was her first. When
I though I was about to cum, I'd stop and just laid there along her, dominating
her and squeezing her flattened tits. I pulled her left one out to the side and
got my mouth onto her and thrust extra deep into her rectum and strained to
hold it there. She was perfectly skewered from behind up her behind. 

����������� It
was time. 

����������� I
got my front teeth along her nipple sideways and bit right into her.� She screeched out cold again.� I worked my teeth back and forth until I'd
bitten right through and had the severed half of her nipple in my mouth. I was
tempted to chew it and swallow it but didn't. I wanted to keep it to show to
her. I took it out of my mouth and laid it on the corner of the bed and
finished butt fucking her. I gave her such a load it was almost like an enema,
but she didn't crap herself. She just pissed herself again but only a dribble.

����������� I
pulled out of her and got up and took a closer look at the little piece of her
nipple I'd bitten off. I'd gotten her lengthwise right through the center of
the end down to her areola, like a wedge, and it was surprisingly undistorted.
It looked like a regular nipple only it was just half and it was off of her. I
flipped her over again and re-tied her facing up. I tied her legs extra tight
and wide apart since I knew she'd really struggle when I went for her clit.

����������� She
came to in about fifteen minutes. 'Oh God. Oh God. It hurts. It hurts so much.
You did it. Oh God, why did you do it to me?'

&nbsp;

Page 19.

&nbsp;

����������� I
pulled her head up my the hair and put a pillow under so she could have a
better look.

����������� 'Oh.
Oh. Oh my mercy, how could you disfigure me like that? How could you?'

����������� 'Just
as I said. And this.'

����������� I
went back to her other nipple and finished the job. The one-third tip of the
end came off clean and I took it from my mouth and laid it between her now
equally mutilated breasts, in the valley of the shadow of what her tits use d
to be.

����������� She
must have been becoming anesthetized because she didn't pass out. She wailed
and whined but stayed conscious for the removal this time. God was her
beautiful chest a sight. I laid down beside her to stroke her valley and had
the two nipple fragments laying there also. I rubbed her belly and her crotch
but kept coming back to her tits. I picked up both nipple fragments.

����������� 'I'll� tell you what.' I said, ' You chose one.'

����������� 'What?'
She could barely comprehend anything anymore. Certainly not what I had to say
to her.

����������� 'I
think we should each have a snack. You get one and I get one.'

����������� Her
brain was befuddled.

����������� 'No.
No. You can't be serious. That's canibalism.'

����������� 'Well
it's hardly that, but no, no, yes yes, you can.'

����������� 'No.
Please. No.'

����������� 'You
chose one. Or else.'

����������� 'Or
else? Or else what?' She said defiantly. 'What are you going to do to me now
that's worse than this?'

����������� 'It's
really very simple. Or else, when I bite your clit off, I won't cauterize you
and you'll bleed to death. It'll take half an hour and is a really painful way
to go as your blood pressure drops and all, but you'll bleed to death out your
cunt and I'll be fucking you while you're doing it.'

����������� She
really must have wanted to live. 

����������� She
said,� 'The tip, the piece off my right
breast.'

����������� 'Excellent
choice. The smaller piece. Now when I put it in your mouth, no swallowing. you
have to chew it first and then I want to see it before you swallow it.
Understand?'

&nbsp;

Page 20.

&nbsp;

����������� She
barely nodded.

����������� I
put the prize into her mouth and I took the other and put it into my mouth and
we chewed together. The fucking bitch was chewing on a piece of her own nipple.
How fucking rich and sweet was that? Almost as sweet as the fact I was doing
the same thing at the same time, like a duet. My God, it tasted great and
crunched like a peanut until it was becoming mush. She was doing the same
thing. Making mush of her nipple piece. I took my piece out and it just looked
like a little piece of blubber, like a goop of snot, but fuck, and holy fuck,
it was a piece of one of her sex organs.

����������� 'Now
let me see yours.'

����������� She
pushed it forward until it was resting on her teeth. I picked it out and it
was� a match for mine only a bit smaller
gob.

����������� 'Very
well. Very, very well.'

����������� I
popped it back into her mouth.

����������� 'Now
chew some more and I'll tell you when to swallow.'

����������� After
about two minutes, we swallowed together.

����������� Now
the nipple part was finished and the real prize awaited.

����������� I
kissed her all around her vagina, all the outer parts and lots of the inside
stuff too. I stroked her gently and caressed her like I loved her, like I was
seeking to arouse her like during lovemaking. Or even like I felt sorry for her
and had pity for her nub, might actually take pity on it.

����������� She
begged, 'You've done my nipples. You've tortured me like I never imagined
possible so you don't have to do this now, do you?'

����������� I
kissed her some more, my lips to her cunt lips.

����������� I
pulled out on her pubic hairs with my teeth and even pulled a few right out one
at a time. She had a few right to the inside of her majora, where the shiny
pink began and really squealed when I plucked those ones.

����������� I
rolled over on top of her to do another cunt fuck while she was still whole. I
was slow and steady and deep, really deep and I pinched hard on her half
nipples. Her screams were from the heart of her sex. I gave her the last load
she'd ever have in her complete cunt. I pulled out of her and got up and left
the room.

����������� I
was a mess, in a wonderful way, all smeared with her blood and her stink and
decided to let the others have a glimpse of what was in store for them and of
what had been going on. Through the two closed steel doors they wouldn't have
heard much.

����������� I
was naked as I strode into their room and the four of them reacted in horror in
unison. They screamed and wailed about what went on, about what had I done to
Taylor, to their friend. I left the room to retrieve the propane torch with the
soldering iron tip to cauterize Taylor when I did the prime bite.

&nbsp;

Page 21.

&nbsp;

����������� I
was back into Taylor's room and she freaked. She exploded outside of herself.
It was fascinating to behold and it was as if she hadn't really believed I'd do
her vagina until she saw the torch.

����������� I
lit it and put it on a table beside her head. The flame was like a roar in her
brain and in her fear center. Her cunt was convulsing at the mere thought and
her sweet inner thighs jiggled and trembled. 

����������� I
approached her crotch.

����������� She
tried the hardest she ever had to break free and thrashed up and side to side.
Even though I'd secured her extra wide, she still could jerk even though she
was almost dislocating her hip joints and her arms were almost out of their
sockets.

����������� 'Hold
still or I'll cunt punch you and I'll keep on punching you until you do. So
hold fucking still. This is really going to hurt. More than you can fucking
imagine. Oh, you'll pass out. I'm sure of it, but wait until you come to. Fuck,
oh fuck,� have mercy on you, just wait
until then'

����������� She
wouldn't or couldn't listen anymore and kept on with the thrashing.

����������� My
fist connected with her like a hammer.

����������� I
had to wait twenty minutes for her to come to.

����������� The
torch tip was almost red hot by now.

����������� I
wanted it white hot.

����������� She
moaned into consciousness and I said, 'Do I have to keep smashing you? Maybe
rupture you beyond repair? Break some of your crotch bones?'

����������� She
moaned repeatedly, ' Oh God. No.'

����������� 'Or
will you hold still?'

����������� She
was more catatonic than comprehending, so held still like in a stupor.

����������� I
got my face into her labia and pushed her around.

����������� My
tongue probed her but her clit wouldn't engorge. I don't know how she managed
to control such an involuntary response. I suppose it was a clit life or death
struggle. After a few minutes of failing to arrouse her, I got up and went to
the kitchen. I returned with a tray of ice cubes, I started pushing them into
her cunt. I got five in and as they melted, the one against her nub started to
harden her. Her clit got bigger and bigger and finally was fully erect and so
too now was my pecker. I could give one very last cunt fuck while it was still
whole, while it still had its integrity and I proceeded to spend the next ten
minutes in ecstasy dong just that, both of us knowing what was to come when I'd
come. 

����������� She
was spunked again.

&nbsp;

Page 22.

&nbsp;

����������� Her
clit was hard between my front teeth and I began to bite down and slice. I
didn't get her right at the base but a little way along her. I wanted to leave
a bit. It was like biting into a grape or a raspberry. I worked my teeth into
her and she was spurting blood all over the place including into my face and
eyes. I stayed with it and sawed right through with my incisors. I had her nub
piece in my mouth now, separated. I laid it carefully onto the bed. She'd
shrieked like a banshee and was fully passed out. Her spurting blood had
created a problem. I could count her heartbeats with the way the blood shot out
of her wound in little jets but her blood in my eyes blurred my vision enough I
couldn't see to cauterize her. I had to run to the bathroom to wash my face and
by the time I got back the bed was soaked in blood and I figure she'd lost
about a pint or two. I had to work fast. I got the torch and sizzled the tip
all around what was left of her clitoris and it burned and crackled and steamed
and smoked and the blood flow slowed and then stopped. It took about five
minutes and was the best experience I'd ever done in my entire life. I got a
wet cloth and washed� her clean to view
my handy-work. What a totally spectacular sight. Like a regular cunt with an
extra deep red spot and not all that swollen. Since the torch was still going
and was white hot by now, I could see the crease, the line where her minora
labia met her majora. I drew the glowing tip right along the creases on both
sides and then did the same where her outer labia met her crotch. Her pubic
hairs sizzled and shriveled.

����������� I
cauterized both her nipple wounds and drew a hot-cross X across the lilly white
flesh of both her breasts. The skin just puckered and shriveled up as I branded
her.� 

����������� I
was pretty well done for then.

����������� I'd
have to let her heal for a bit before we moved on to her making the selection.
Which one of her friends would get the nipple snip?

����������� I
needed a rest and a real snack but she needed a rest worse.

����������� Besides,
now she'd have to betray one of her friends and face to face, would she still
chose Chris?

����������� And
besides, right then how could she even�
have walked?

����������� And
I wanted her to face them like a real person, not just a tortured victim. I
wanted her to display her courage and humanity along with her wounds, before
she did the unthinkable and made her choice.

����������� I
wanted.

����������� I
wanted.

����������� How
could she ever give what I wanted?

����������� I
wanted her tits in a hot pot cooking along with her labia and cervix.

����������� How
could she give up what I wanted?

����������� That's
how I wanted them all.

&nbsp;

����������� ����������� ------------------------------------------------------------------------

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Choices.

Part Two.

Taylor's Big Goof.

&nbsp;

Page 23.

&nbsp;

����������� Just
as I'd hoped for and expected, Taylor was beside herself when she came to. I'd
let her have her unconscious time and didn't try to revive her. I figured it
was sort of a blessing in disguise since once she was awake and aware, she
would have precious little peace ever again.�
I mean her fucking clit was gone and bits of her nipples also and not
too many women could live peacefully with those deformities, so pretending to
be a kind person, for the moment, I let her stay out of it until she stirred on
her own. Besides the waiting for her to come to was beyond suspenseful and
truly exquisite. What I knew that she didn't, now that's what really counted
and upped the excitement ante.� She was
in for a horrible, horrid ride, on the rails straight into Hell.

����������� She
was still tied face up on the bed, but I'd let off on her restraints so she
wasn't stretched nearly so tightly as when I'd done the biting things. Each arm
and leg had about two feet of slack. I'd laid down beside her with all my
clothes still off and stroked her sweet face and fingered her damaged nipples
and even sucked on them. They felt funny in my mouth but not in a bad way. They
felt different, like peculiar, but special nice. I even rubbed her savaged cunt
and played with its parts. Her vix was still easy to poke. I didn't fuck her
(at least not right away) sort of out of respect for how much pain she was
about to enter into once she awakened. I mean, her cunt would become her own
worst enemy and there would be nothing she could do about it except to scream
and holler and pass out again, and maybe beg and plead to die.� There's be no other way for her to get away
from it. I knew she'd go almost insane or maybe go fully nuts from the
unrelenting searing location between her legs. I couldn't wait to watch her go
mad and sticking my cock into her mess wouldn't help much either.

����������� She
was starting to revive and I knew she'd be so much better off if she never
did.� Of course, how could she know that
until she came to and then it would be too late. She was to the point of
gaining consciousness and I stroked her face and held her head at the back and
pulled her lips towards me. I gave her the sweetest, gentle kiss like to awaken
sleeping fucked beauty.

����������� 'God
give you strength, sweet lady, you're going to need it more than you could ever
imagine.' I whispered in her ear. I nibbled on her lobe. She was moving that
last bit into awareness and at any moment it would hit her.

&nbsp;

Page 24.

&nbsp;

����������� Well,
it wasn't a ton of bricks, not at all. It was a whole fucking truck load, like
twenty skids. She was flattened. She turned groggily to see who was beside her
on the bed, slowly recognized it was me (and I assumed realized it wasn't her
lover) and then she recognized the pain in her genitals. Well, Mother of Holy
Shits and Commotions, she screamed out like a gathering of lost tortured souls,
and twisted way up and basically tried to get away from her cunt. Then, again
and again, up and down. Finally she crashed down the hardest and rested, like
she was spent. It was more fantastic than I could have visualized. I held on to
her now, pretty well full hugging her like in a tight embrace and I could feel
the muscles inside her really exploding. She was going into convulsions and
spasms in her upper torso and, of course, all about her groin. Then she exploded
anew with extra vigor.� She was flopping
back and forth, up and down and side to side and all at once and her head now
thrashed violently from side to side, her beautiful� features distorted beyond recognition and her
mouth so wide open, screaming, I could have put my pecker and balls into it. I
could have counted each one of her perfect pearl teeth, even the ones furthest
back in her jaw, which she almost dislocated. She gave a new definition to the
image of agony. Eventually her screaming became choked off and hoarse. It was
the weirdest sound for a human being to make, sort of like unearthly or
ungodly. Then it morphed into a high pitched squeal like an over heating
bearing in need of oil and then she reverted to the lowest moan and growl,
right from her gut and over and over again went, 

����������� 'No.
No. No, oh no. God. God. My God. No. No. Oh no. Never. No. No.' ��� Not very original but pretty honest and
cuntfelt.

����������� I
let her continue on like that for a couple of minutes and then held on to her
more tightly to sooth her and settle her down, to calm her immediate despair. I
was hugging her, feeling her body convulsing all along me like she was giving
me a massage and predictably my pecker was full up from all her screaming and
all her hyper movements and gyrations. It was all on her part, so she was
responsible for my erection which meant she'd have to deal with it. I'd force
her to accomodate it.

����������� She
couldn't� believe I was thinking to fuck
her, not when she was so utterly distraught and damaged and unable to accept a
prick. Neither could I, believe it I mean, since I intended to wait and watch
her adjust for at least another few hours. No need to rush my next
satisfaction.

&nbsp;

Page 25.

&nbsp;

����������� But
my cock was now only inches from her injury and she could sense it was headed
in for some more . She started to pound on my back and shoulders. Her fists
were clenched so hard that they hit like hammers in quick succession, like a
jack hammer. I loved it even though it actually hurt and I knew I'd be bruised.
I jerked up, when I'd had enough, and pinned her wrists to the bed. She was
still trying to thrash me off and her hips managed to buck pretty good, sort of
like a maniac but sexy and inviting. There was one way to settle her down, to
stop her, for sure and she never thought I could be so mean and utterly
uncaring, so indifferent to her humanity and her desperate plight.

����������� What
kind of bastard, what kind of monster knees a woman in the cunt when she's just
had a clitorectomy? I suppose the kind who would section her nipples and force
her to chew and swallow the severed piece while he did the exact same thing at
the exact same time.� A� truly superb bastard, a sterling shit.

����������� Anyhow,
I kneed her good and she just jerked way up as far as her restraints would
allow, stayed fully arched for about five seconds and then flopped down like a
dead sweaty, clammy fish, out cold again. She'd been like a fucking bucking
bronco and now she was just a fucking limp lump waiting.

����������� I
stared at her.

����������� Assessing
her.

����������� I
took plenty of time.

����������� She
was picture perfect and I took lots of them with my digital camera.

����������� And
now I didn't feel sorry for her anymore. Not at all, not fucking at all and, of
course, that could never be good. How dare she pound me with her hammer fists.
How dare she even raise her hand to me let alone hit me just because I wanted
to give her new cunt a try out and a little lovin'. Oh yeah, a little TLC. My
cock was so hard it hurt and I had fully intended to do her the first time
after, when she was fully awake and aware, so she'd know it was coming because
I'd tell her so, well in advance. But what difference if I fucked her out cold
first? She wouldn't even feel it or know it, so�
when I did her conscious, it would still seem like the first time to
her. It all made perfect sense to me and my member sort of wandered into her
hole and next thing I knew I found myself thrusting her. She didn't feel all
that much different. Her lining walls were the same, tight and slightly ridged,
her cervix still got knob pummeled. Mainly it was just unlikely she'd ever
orgasm again with her G spot gone. It made no difference to my plunging or
pleasures and I left her well spunked after about twenty minutes of ramming and
I collapsed on top of her quite relieved and self satisfied. This was one primo
fuck, damaged or not.

&nbsp;

Page 26.

&nbsp;

����������� It
was so pleasing to realize I'd have to wait, probably another hour to recharge
myself, to do her again, when she was aware and screaming. It would give me an
extra hour to tease and torment her and mess with her and to focus on her
damaged nipples. I'd made a mess of her and loved just messing with her, like
jiggering her jiggy and I always thought it a bit ironic, I'd love nothing
better than to be messing with Deborah Messing's cunt. Messing with Messing,
now wouldn't that be rich and one prime fuck scene. TV's Will &amp; Grace? Me
and me amazingly fucking Grace repeatedly, now that would be a serious series.

����������� I
shouldn't ignore her nipples just because they were diminished, even though I
figured one clit was worth more than two of them, but then of course, I had all
three and needed to start thinking about how to bugger her sphincter, that
would be bugger as in fuck and then ruin. I figured it would be impractical to
try to remove it. But then again, I'd never been one to let the seemingly
impossible deter me.

����������� Just
look at how I'd captured them.

����������� They
would never have thought it possible I could grab and kidnap all five of them.
At first, neither did I, but Taylor and Ashley, who appeared to be� chaperones to the younger girls, were
tripping around town in a limousine. I'd seem them several times after I'd
fixated on Taylor and was stalking her. The convention center, where the
seminars were being held, was vast and the limo would let them out in an
underground portion with distant access to elevators. Another area of the
subterranean part of the center was closed off for repairs to the cement
ceiling. It was all so fucking simple. The limo driver would wait with his car
and when ever my targets returned, off they went. I simply parked my enclosed
transport van in the closed off portion of the garage and quietly came up
behind the driver and Tasered him the full jolt. No one was around and I
stuffed him in the trunk bound and gagged but not before I put on his uniform.
When he stabilized, I told him I'd shoot him dead if he made any noise and if
he didn't he wouldn't be hurt and did he really want his kids to be without a
father.� I waited patiently and after
about an hour I could hear all the giggling and laughter. Along came Taylor and
Ashley and three more, the other three. I was momentarily nonplussed, almost
rattled, but what the fuck, in for two, in for five.

&nbsp;

Page 27.

&nbsp;

����������� When
they got to the car, right off they wanted to know where the other driver was.
I said he'd called dispatch complaining of chest pains and that they sent me
along to replace him while another employee took him to the hospital. It had
turned out to be a false alarm and he would be just fine. It all sounded so
plausible and they never questioned it. They piled into the back chattering and
joking and I couldn't believe how attractive the other three were too. They
were lightly dressed and I saw lots of curves and did they ever smell great.
I'd struck the cunt Jill pot. From there, I drove two levels below to the
closed off section where my van was waiting and with the heavily tinted windows
closed, they didn't know where we were headed. It only took about two minutes
and I pulled right up beside it. One of them tapped on the partition between us
but I didn't respond. Instead, I got out, opened the rear door and pointed a
big black handgun right at Taylor's head. They protested but complied and the
rest is history. I used a fake Salvation Army logo removable magnetic sign on
each side of the van and the plates were stolen. I was also pretty well
disguised.

����������� The
thing is, they were so fucking easy to trick and they would never have thought
it possible. Safety in numbers and all that false shit, that false sense of
security shit. They were powerful women, and girls who aspired to be also.

����������� Well,
as an aside, the Toronto cops were really taking the heat for 'not doing more'.
How could this have happened in such a safe Canadian city, one with a world
wide reputation for being civilized?

����������� The
newspapers headlines roared.

����������� 'Five
models disappear.' and the byline, 'Limo driver found bound and gagged in his
underwear in trunk.'

����������� I
enjoyed reading the media accounts and seeing their pictures, knowing� it was me who had them. 

����������� 'Five
Toronto area women, (read that five cunts and ten tits) two aspiring models and
their chaperones and a fashion consultant, mysteriously disappeared from the
Metro Trade Convention Center. The driver of their rented limo was found bound
and gagged in the trunk minus his uniform. He stated he was tasered from behind
but was able to give detectives a description of the culprit. (He had keen
powers of observation and gave an excellent description of my disguise.) A GMC
Salvation Army panel van was recorded leaving a short while after the missing
women had joined up to attend another event. Police are being quiet about
motive or suspects but another source indicated the families are waiting
anxiously for ransom demands. Police would not confirm or deny this motive.
Anyone with any knowledge ....'

&nbsp;

Page 28.

&nbsp;

����������� �I never once had the urge to taunt the police
like is often shown on TV crime shows or in the movies. I was a cunt teaser and
not a cop teaser and my sole goal was to escape detection so I could freely
hone my craft and exact my pleasures from my victims of which there really was
an endless supply. Only an egotistical fool challenges the police and is just
asking to be detected and isn't that what detectives do best? I never, to the
best of my ability, knowingly left any clue and would deliberately plant false
ones to impede the resulting investigations. (I liked picking up a cigarette
butt from the street, using a napkin, and planting it (lots of DNA) or wearing
shoes two sizes too big.)

����������� So,
all in all, when it came to the impossible or impractical, like digging out
Taylor's sphincter, it was not to say there wasn't a way. Should you see fit to
read my earlier account titled, 'The Firecrackers', there was always the option
of blowing it up.

����������� Taylor
was stirring again and started to burble like a baby, but it had nothing to do
with contentment. It was more like an involuntary response as her body and
psyche entered into uncharted waters. It was like liquid. Perhaps the sound was
more like a gurgle, like she was drowning on her own blood, which she wasn't.
She was more drowning in her own fears and she was about to make things so much
worse for herself. She was about to really goof.

����������� When
she came full to again, after about twenty minutes, she did a much different
dance. I wanted to see what her instinctive actions would be, so I let her arms
loose and left her tied to the bed just by her ankles. I sat in a chair about
five feet away just watching her, studying her and waiting for her to re-act
anew. The thing was, I could gaze at her tits and know if I wanted I could tit
fuck her or cut them off whenever I wanted to, if I wanted to. There was
nothing I couldn't do to her that caught my perverted fancy. Talk about power.
Talk about sexual power and ecstasy, the elixir of licking her dry and then
wet.

����������� Taylor
was awake.

����������� She
sure put on a better show.

����������� She
cried out and sat bolt straight upright. She cupped her breasts under the
bottom, at the fullest part and then pushed them, sort of gathering them, into
herself like she was trying to protect them, after the fact, or at least make
amends to them for allowing me to injure her so badly. She hugged herself and
rocked back and forth and it all was like I wasn't even there. She'd retreated
into her own world to try to escape her new realities and her new configurations
and she was almost trance like and little girl like, that is until she got up
the nerve to take a look into her own cunt.

&nbsp;

Page 29.

&nbsp;

����������� She� gingerly touched her labia and started to
spread herself. She winced and whimpered, like a dog with a sore paw, wanting
in at the door. She managed to open herself despite the pain and leaned over
forward to look in and see. She rocked back and forth, more manic now, not
really wanting to look and trying to work up the courage to assess the damage
and so uncertain of how she'd appear now.

����������� 'Do
you want a mirror?' I offered.

����������� It
was as if she'd just noticed me watching (intently) and let go of her cunt lips
and just glared at me.

����������� 'If
you're trying to see your operation, a mirror would help best.'

����������� (And
the thing was, she was still in the operating room.)

����������� She
would have no part of my generosity.

����������� 'Never
mind. I'll look later. I'll look in privarte.' she declared.

����������� 'You
think you'll look at your privates in private?' I both joked and retorted. I
mocked her.

����������� 'Leave
me alone. You've done enough already.'

����������� 'Well
that may or may not be so, but I think you should take a peak. I mean look at
your tits, with the crosses burned across them, like hot cross buns. Never mind
what I did to your nips. What do you think of them?'

����������� 'Just
stop being so miserable. I said you've done enough.'

����������� 'And
I said, examine yourself or I'll do it for you.'

����������� She
fast got my drift.

����������� Even
more gingerly, she inserted her index finger into herself, going to where she
normally would when she jerked off. She made contact with her wound and started
to howl. It was right from her soul, right from her spirit and the center of
her sexual being and it seemed as if she didn't really believe I'd excised it
until she felt it gone and the neat little wound in its place.

����������� Well,
that was all too fucking rich and led to some spectacular results. Disbelief
didn't become her, but full realization, horrid recognition, surely did. She
would have got an Oscar.

����������� 'I'm
going to kill you. I'm going to kill you for what you've done to me. So you
better kill me now instead because I'm going to kill you when I get the chance.
You horrid, despicable degenerate.'

����������� I
loved it. God she was good and you might say, she really meant it, no matter
how impractical it was to assume she'd ever get the chance. Still she was
sincere so I more than loved it, I relished it and she got me all hot just
watching and hearing her performance. Now we had something special going and
could build a real rapport. I might even get to really fight with her like a
life and death struggle, a bitch slug fest. I wanted to turn it up a notch, to
see how far she'd go (with her fantasy about getting even).

&nbsp;

Page 30.

&nbsp;

����������� 'I
just fucked you while you were unconscious. Can you tell?'

����������� She
re-exploded. 'You. You. You vile, despicable, inhuman bastard.'

����������� 'I
didn't intend to but you asked for it, just like you're asking for it now
again.' I informed her.

����������� She
was so full of hate adrenalin and righteous indignation and so in denial that
she wasn't paying attention to her own safety anymore.

����������� 'You
think you can do it again to me? You think I'll let you? Well come and try and
I swear you'll end up dead. You're a coward and a misfit, and I know what
you're all about.'

����������� 'This
should be interesting.' I mocked her.

����������� I
was a little bit embarrassed but plenty excited, 'And I'm sure I'm going to
hear it. I'm sure you're going to tell me. So go ahead, give it to me, your
insights. And your opinions too. I want to hear your opinions of me.'

����������� I
sat there still naked cupping my genitals, facing her, amused and smirking. I
played with my knob, pretending to jerk-off.

����������� 'You're
impotent.' She spat it out.

����������� 'Well
how do you figure that? I've done you lots and just told you, you got it half
an hour ago.'

����������� 'You're
stupid too. You're spiritually and emotionally impotent. You're a Mama's boy
and think dominating me, dominating women makes you a man but you'll never be a
man. You may have a penis but you're a eunuch. You'll never be a man because
you're barely a human being. You're a sub-species, like a troll or a goblin,
like a mutant. That's why you have me because you're such a coward and a goof
and a wuss. You're a sexless nerd, a sexual cripple.'

����������� She
was starting to hurt my feelings and she wasn't finished yet.

����������� 'You
can't have a real relationship with a woman so you think this makes up for your
inadequacies, which is what your penis is, totally inadequate. You're puny and
your manhood's a joke.'

����������� She
was going too far but then went too far in an unexpected direction. ����� She opened the fucking door.

����������� She
continued spitting out her wisdom and invective. 'I'm surprised you had the
nerve to confront us, to challenge adult women. I'm surprised you don't go for
little girls or even little boys. That would be more your speed and level and I
bet your hand gets sore, worn out from masturbating, like what you're doing now
which is disgusting.'

����������� (I
half wasn't, but it must have looked pretty real and I waved my purple knob
right at her ego and sensibilities.)

����������� 'Well
now, I do say, I feel insulted.'

����������� I
paused to reflect.

&nbsp;

Page 31.

&nbsp;

����������� 'Little
girls? You have a daughter? A little girl?'

����������� She
looked shocked, utterly dismayed, like, What had she done?'

����������� 'That
look says it all, so I take it you do and I bet she looks good like you do
and...'

����������� 'You
bastard, shut up. Just shut up you degenerate.'

����������� (I
guess she got that extra right. I could smell another pussy that was part of
her.)

����������� 'Tell
me about her or do you have more than one?'

����������� 'Shut
up. Shut up. Shut up.'

����������� 'What
are her nipples like?'

����������� 'Shut
up. Shut up. Shut up.'

����������� 'Has
she had her period yet? Did it run down her leg the first time? Had you told
her what to expect?'

����������� 'God.
God almighty, shut up. You're vile.'

����������� 'No,
you shut up. You shut the fuck up. I'll tell you what, why don't I look through
your purse and see what I find? Any pictures of her there?'

����������� 'Stop
it. I insist. Just stop. You're dealing with me and I'm dealing with you. Let's
keep it that way, between adults.'

����������� 'You
call that dealing? Insulting me like that and calling me all manner of names.
Goof. Goof. I think you made the goof.'

����������� 'I'm...'

����������� 'Sorry?
You're going to tell me you're sorry now and didn't mean it?'

����������� 'I'm.
I'm...'

����������� 'Get
fucking real. You're an idiot, a mutilated idiot. Only an idiot lets herself
get sexually mutilated, (God I loved those words together.) and I'm going to
get your purse.'

����������� I
left the room and could hear her wailing quietly, 'Oh Lord. Oh God. What have I
done. What have I done. Oh God. Oh my God, where are you?'

����������� I
returned with her purse and pulled back the chair about seven feet from� 

the bed and dumped its contents on the
floor. There was all the usual stuff. I'd already collected all their cell
phones and smashed them but there was one surprise. She had two packages of
condoms. I thought the guy was supposed to have them, and two packages would
mean he was pretty optimistic, but I guess she was a liberated woman, so the
old norms didn't apply to her anymore. She had lipsticks and compacts and
tampons and lots of other bits and as expected her wallet too.

����������� 'What's
this about? How come you have these? Two Packs. You fuck a lot? Taylor
Fuck-a-lot? Is that your real name?'

&nbsp;

Page 32.

&nbsp;

����������� 'No
stop it. Never mind. It's none of your business.'

����������� 'Be
that as it may, I'm making it my business. I'm sure you thought your cunt
wasn't my business either but I've had my nose in it so I'm sticking it in this
business too, so fucking tell me. Why do you have twenty rubbers?'

����������� 'Fuck
off. Go to Hell. Fuck off and go to Hell. I'm not going to answer you.'

����������� 'Whatever.
We'll get back to it later when you're more agreeable.'

����������� 'No
we won't. I'll never change or be more willing.'

����������� 'Whatever.
Believe whatever you want.' I dismissed her. 'So what have we here?'

����������� I
picked up her wallet and dug inside and almost immediately found the kid's
picture. She looked about thirteen, maybe fourteen tops and fuck, was she cute
and the spitting image of her mom and the best of all possible things, there
was a picture of her striking a model's pose in a bathing suit. She was hamming
it up but that's not how my cock saw it.

����������� 'Shit
Mom. This is a prize. Fucking look at her. Look at her fucking legs, they go on
forever and her chest. Isn't that sweet. She's just starting out, just
beginning to bud. Nice little budlets. Is she a virgin?'

����������� Shut
up. Shut up. You're dealing with me, so just shut up about her.'

����������� 'But
you're whetting my appetite, maybe even my dick's appetite.'

����������� 'No.
No. Stop it, no.'

����������� 'Is
she a fucking virgin.?'

����������� 'Go
to Hell.'

����������� 'I
figure she's fourteen tops, so I'm sure you think she's one, but fuck, looking
like that, all coy and seductive, all the older boys must be sniffing around.
Do you think any have stuck their sniffers in her?'

����������� 'You're
disgusting. You're vile and I hate you worse than I ever thought possible,
worse than because of what you've done to me, to my body. I just hate you and I
will kill you.'

����������� I
continued looking through her wallet.

����������� 'Shit
again, what's this? Your driver's license. Taylor Anne Scott, born, June 30,
1974, what, that makes you, ah, thirty-three, right? 1935 West Eighth St.
Hamilton, Ont. Isn't that a hoot? Isn't that convenient? That's only about an
hour west of� Toronto. Shit, that's only
about three hours from here. Is that where the little cunt is?'

����������� 'No.
No. No.'

����������� I
could see her thinking fast, on her toes, so to say.

�����������
She needed to divert me.

&nbsp;

Page 33.

&nbsp;

����������� 'No,
she lives with her father and we're separated. He lives in another province.
(In Canada, I guess their provinces are like our states, so they should call
them states, as far as I was concerned, but what did it really matter? The cunt
was where she was and I figured her bitch mother was lying.)

����������� 'I
don't believe you. I think you're lying. You're lying to me, aren't you? That's
true, isn't it?'

����������� 'What?
What?' She acted confused.

����������� 'That's
true that you're lying to me.'

����������� 'No.
No. I'm not. She's with her father.'

����������� 'That's
unusual, isn't it? I mean usually it's the mother who has custody. Are you
saying he has custody? And why did you separate?'

����������� I
wanted to work her further into her deception, to trip her up.

����������� She
paused, 'Yes. I.. He has, he's her legal guardian now.'

����������� 'How
come? You a bad mother? Was that it? Why did you separate?' I repeated more
insistent.

����������� 'No.
Not. Never, I'm not one, I never have been one.'

����������� 'Well
what then. Your career come first, a kid just getting in the way now?'

����������� 'No,
it just was best she be with him, 

����������� 'I
was only nineteen when I had her and we weren't married..'

����������� 'Oh,
a bastard then? A bastard child.' I interjected.

����������� 'Stop
it. No. No she's not.'

����������� 'But
you weren't married so..'

����������� 'No,
yes, and we never should have made it legal. I was just too young and he, so
was he.'

����������� 'So
why is the little bastard with him now?'

����������� 'I
told you she's not. Don't call her that. He's matured now and we're still
friends and he makes a lot more than me.'

����������� 'So
the little bastard's better off with the former big bastard, is that it then?'

����������� 'I
keep telling you she's not and he wasn't.�
She's the sweetest child.'

����������� (I'd
bet she was and had every intention, now, of finding out for myself and I'd
made up my mind to play a little side game with her, to bait her into even
worse results. I wanted to see if I could get her to call me a 'bastard' and if
she did, she'd be the one who had to bite the kid's clit through.)

����������� 'The
sweetest child? How do they say in the old-fashioned way, born out of wedlock?
So she's a fucking little bitch bastard cunt. Do you think he diddles her cunt?
Do you think your ex sticks it in her?'� 

����������� 'Oh
God. Oh God stop it. You're the only bastard here. You're a fucking bastard.'

&nbsp;

Page 34.

&nbsp;

����������� Bingo.
Fucking bit clit bingo and it didn't even take much goading.

����������� 'Gotcha.'
I replied triumphant.

����������� 'Gotcha?
What? Why?' She didn't have a clue, so was really confused.

����������� 'Oh,
you'll see. You'll see and you'll taste.'

����������� 'Stop
it. You're not making any sense. You're nuts.'

����������� 'You
know Taylor, I thought I liked you, but I don't like you at all. You're a stuck
up snot bitch, at least you were before I messed with you. Do you think you'll
still be one with you sex stuff all buggered up?'

����������� 'God,
oh God, you're horrible. You're disgusting and you're wrong, wrong about me. I
never was stuck up. I've always been friendly and helpful so you couldn't be
more wrong about me. I even trained for a nurse, once, but couldn't finish. I
wanted to help people more. You're just terribly wrong, judging, no misjudging
me like that.'

����������� 'That
was a nice little speech. Do you really think I give a fuck about anything to
do with you other than how you fuck and how you bleed? You think I do? And now
the little bastard bitch cunt, how do you think she'll fuck?'� 

����������� She
could tell I was talking like I'd already made up my mind, which of course, I
had.� She needed to trick me or at least
make a diversion.

����������� 'Bill,
Bill please. You said that was your name. It is Bill, isn't it?' She was so
sincere and entreating.

����������� 'Sure,
sure, it's Bill to you. What is it Taylor? Let's hear it. Them. Let's hear
them, your concerns.' I pretended to be willing to listen to her reasons and
reasoning.

����������� 'Oh
please, please just listen, who ever you are. I'll do anything, do any
conceivable thing you ask of me, anything you want, just leave my daughter out
of it.

����������� 'Anything?
And everything?'

����������� 'Yes
everything too.'

����������� 'That
could be dangerous, dangerous to your health. You sure?'

����������� 'Yes.
Yes. Just promise to leave her alone. Don't involve her in any of this.'

����������� Fuck,
this was just too rich and I had to toy with her even better, let her think her
kid could escape my vile tortures.

����������� 'You're
sure? Really sure?'

����������� 'Yes.
Yes. Yes.'

����������� 'There
is one thing that comes to mind but first we have to get one thing settled.'

����������� 'No.
What's that?'

����������� 'Where
the little cunt lives. You said she's with her father. In another province?
Like far away?'

&nbsp;

Page 35.

&nbsp;

����������� 'Yes.'

����������� 'Not
at this address, your driver's license address?'

����������� 'Yes,
I said that already.'

����������� 'Well,
I'll tell you what Taylor Anne Scott, I still think you're lying. You don't
sound very convincing to me. You don't even look convincing even though you're
trying to sound so reasonable and sincere. Are you a sincere liar? Uh? An
accomplished liar?'

����������� She
blushed like from guilt and was trying too hard not to gulp.

����������� 'I'm
going to give you the chance to change your story and tell me the truth, but
only one chance. Fair enough?'

����������� 'Please,
no. It's true. It's all true.'

����������� 'She
lives here, doesn't she?' I pushed her license into her face.

����������� 'I
already told you.'

����������� 'A
lie.' I finished her sentence for her.

����������� 'No.
No. It's not.'

����������� 'OK,
it's time to cut the bullshit. Here's the deal. If I go looking for her and I
find her where you say she isn't, I'm going to bring her back here and I'm not
only going to rape her, I'll do the same things to her I've just done to you.
You want that?'

����������� 'No.
Oh no. No. Please just stop it.'

����������� 'Now
this is your last fucking chance to come clean. Oh, I'll still grab her and
bring her here and fuck the living day lights out of her, right in front of
you, I'll even fuck her in the ass, but I won't mutilate her, so the choice is
yours. But if I go there and I find here there, she'll wish she'd never come
out of your cunt and you'll wish she never had and all because you're a fucking
liar. You are, aren't you, a bold-faced cunt liar?'

����������� She
couldn't absorb that she had to give me information that would allow me to grab
her kid and fuck her, but she could comprehend that I would horribly torture
her baby if she kept up the lie.

����������� 'So
Taylor, come clean.'

����������� She
struggle fiercely with her dilemma, like�
Meryl Streep in 'Sophie's Choice' (1982) only now it was 'Taylor's
Choice' and finally she whispered, 'She lives with me. Oh please, don't do
anything to her. Don't go looking for her. Yes, she lives with me.'

����������� 'And
your husband, he lives there too.'

����������� 'Yes,
we've never been apart.'

����������� 'Fucking,
stupid, stupid cunt. The very last thing you want to do is lie to me.'

&nbsp;

Page 36.

&nbsp;

����������� 'I...
I..'

����������� 'Fucking,
fucking cunt, I ought to kill you right now. Fucking bitch cunt hole.' I loved
calling her dirty, degrading, flattering names and only pretended to be really
pissed when I couldn't have been more elated. As a bonus, I was going to get me
some daughter cunt.

����������� 'I'm
sorry. I'm sorry, I was just trying to protect my child. Any mother would.'

����������� 'I
suppose, but you're not any mother anymore. You're my fucking sex slave and you
need to be taught a lesson, to be taught obedience, like a really harsh lesson
about accepting your plight and telling the truth, in fact, I think you need a
whole class of lessons and the kid needs to watch and have them too.'

����������� 'Oh
God. Oh God, She hasn't done anything to you. You don't even know her. I said
I'll do anything. I will. I said. Just leave her out of it. You said, before,
there was one thing. One thing. What is it? I'll do it. Just tell me.' She was
almost hysterical with her begging.

����������� 'Oh
yeah, that, I almost forgot.' I lied.

����������� �I was so fucking excited, now,� I could have shot my spunk five feet into the
air and hit her in the eye. I was giddy inside and really ready to play dirty.
I was away and back fast with my black, hand-held stun gun. I made the test
electrodes crackle and arc several times and her eyes grew huge and round in
terror like saucers.

����������� 'Oh
God, don't. Please don't. I.. I..'

����������� I
came nearer to her trembling body and made it speak just inches from her
distorted face.

����������� 'Stop
it. Stop it. No don't.'

����������� I
took hold of her hand and pushed the gun into it, for her to hold onto it.'

����������� 'What?
What the? What are you doing?'

����������� 'You
see how it works. You just press on the trigger.'

����������� (I
didn't show her the adjustment for from weak to almost lethal.)

����������� 'No.
No. Why?'

����������� 'You
said you'd do anything to keep me from buggering your kid.'

����������� 'Yes.
But..'

����������� 'So
do it. Do it.'

����������� 'Do
what?'

����������� 'Zap
yourself.'

����������� Well
now she was freaked.

����������� 'I
can't. No. I can't. Nobody can.'

&nbsp;

Page 37.

&nbsp;

����������� She
glared at me, really intense and then sucked in her breath, sucked it up, so to
say, and gave her left forearm a good jolt. Almost immediately she jerked about
but not too wildly. She did scream out but more from psyching herself up and
anticipation than the actual pain. I could see she was a bit surprised that it
wasn't worse. After about ten minutes, she was fully recovered and we just looked
at each other like in a stand off. She wasn't Mexican so it was a cunt and dick
standoff.

����������� Finally
I broke the electric silence, 'Give me it back.'

����������� She
was more than willing and eagerly thrust it out to me. I took it, turned my
back and adjusted the setting to maximum, over seven hundred and fifty thousand
(750,000) magnificent volts, the mother of electrical loads. (There are some
stronger ones available now, but at the time mine was the most powerful� money could buy. --� Google &quot;Blast Knuckles&quot; for more
info.) I handed it back to her. She tentatively took it.

����������� 'Again.
Go again. Do your arm again.'

����������� She
looked unsuspecting and really didn't hesitate and did herself the blast.

����������� Well
fuck and shit and holy gyrations. It was ten times the power with twenty times
the results. She was so quickly paralyzed she couldn't let go and kept jerking
violently with the flashing thing still glued, no it was more like welded, to
her forearm. After about five seconds I swear here ears were smoking and she
passed out cold but was still vibrating. She pissed and shit herself at the
same time so it was all mixed together like a stew. I'd have to deal with that
also, but for now I just watched her spasm and contort� until all the twitching stopped which took
about fifteen minutes which the entire time she'd swum in her own shit mess so
I'd have to get her off the bed to clean up her and her filth. I held my nose.
The bitch stunk something awful. Even I couldn't fuck her like that. She was
semi-conscious so I undid her restraints and pulled her onto the floor by her
hair. She clumped down and just lay there moaning a bit. I set the stun gun to
the side and pulled all the sheets and stuff off the bed. I always had one of
those rubber under sheets, like for the kids who piss themselves at night in
their sleep, so the mattress wouldn't get wrecked. I had to wash her pretty
well all over so was out to the bathroom for a pail of hot water, wash cloths
and several towels.

When I got back she was more lucid but was
sobbing and the stun gun wasn't where I'd left it. Like she thought I wouldn't
notice (right away). I'd had the smarts to turn the setting down to minimum.
Still she was following my script perfectly. The bitch was just so predictable.
They all were and are. 

&nbsp;

Page 38.

&nbsp;

����������� As
I approached her, she made her big play. She shot her arm up like lightning and
zapped me a glancing shot to my neck at my shoulder. It affected me but not as
much as I let on and lickity split, she was up and away to the doorway.� I'd re-set the door knob electrifying switch
and she grabbed hold and got the full one ten volts plus the big amperage.
Since I knew what she was in for, since I'd orchestrated it, I followed right
along after her to shove her away from being electrocuted. She screeched and
vibrated as her hand gripped the knob and I kicked her in the ass so she went
sprawling but she had caught enough juice to almost light up her hazel eyes,
like make them glow. I went and stood over her all knowing and all powerful and
even more all satisfied.

����������� 'Stupid
cunt. You stupid, stupid cunt. That's going to cost you a shit kicking. Right
on. You'll pay for that. And you've smeared your shit all over my clean floor.
Now there's the pail and water and the cloths, clean your fucking mess up.'

����������� She
was sort of on all fours, like a dog, and her head was rotating like she was
drunk. I put my foot to her ass and shoved her forward flat onto her face. She
slid along in her own crap. After a couple more times, she was to the water
pail and proceeded to try her best to clean up. When she figured she was done,
she looked up at me for my approval. I got right down beside her and gut
punched her good. I could hear the wind sucked out of her. I turned her
slightly to the side and kidney hammered her. She banshee howled.

����������� 'You
hold fucking still while I wash the last bit of your shit off you too or I'll
start kicking you and I won't stop.'

����������� Her
fear was pitiful but sweet.

����������� I
finished the clean up and shoved her along the floor with my foot until she was
at the end of the bed.

����������� 'Climb
up onto the bed. Get your fucking ass onto it. Up over the bottom.'

����������� She
really struggled and managed to get halfway on with the raised steel bed stead
under her groin. Her sweet ass was full into the air facing me and my full
erect pecker was facing it. It was just too much to resist. I snapped up the
stun gun and shoved the electrodes to her and jolted her sphincter� and she farted like a woopee cushion. Her
legs went round and round in circles but in the opposite directions. She
fucking crapped again and then flopped limp just vibrating hanging over the
raised end of the bed. I had enough clean water and towels left to scrub her
again and when finished my pecker headed to visit her. 

I shoved really slowly but firmly and got
in right up to the hilt. I did her draped over the bed stead and took my sweet
time. She passed out half way through so I made it last even longer, about half
an hour. Pulling all the way out and lancing my way back in like target
practice with a mad plunger.

&nbsp;

Page 39.

&nbsp;

����������� �I pulled her up by the throat and we flopped
together down onto the floor with my bolt still in her. I finished her, spunked
her good with a final thrust that did some tearing. I stayed in her collapsed
for a few minutes and then drew out slowly and got her back up on the bed and
re-tied her face up but just by the ankles. Indeed, we were a long way from
being done with the stun gun.

����������� I
was hungry and almost exhausted by now, so needed a break. Plus, I wanted to
check on the others just to be sure all was in order. I didn't bother dressing
and looked quite the sight as I made my grand entrance and all was just fine
and they were suitably outraged at my appearance and what they assumed had been
happening to Taylor. Ashley,as usual, was the most vociferous. 'You listen to
me. You God damned well listen to me, I know, we all know you're abusing our
friend. Just look at you. You look like a freak. We want you to stop. She
didn't do anything to you.'

����������� I
wasn't in the mood to listen to her shrill commands and expecting her outrage,
came prepared. 

����������� 'Recognize
this?' I said holding the stun gun from her purse right in front of her nose. I
made it spark and arc.

����������� She
recoiled back. 'Yes, of course, it's mine from my purse.'

����������� 'And
what's it for? Why do you have it?'

����������� 'To,
to protect me. To protect us from..'

����������� 'Yeah,
from what? Guys like me?'

����������� 'From
being attacked. It's a deterent.'

����������� I
made it zap again but just in front of her crotch. She recoiled harder.

����������� 'It
isn't doing a very good job then, is it?'

����������� 'No,
not right now but it's supposed to protect us, to protect women.'

����������� 'To
protect their cunts?'

����������� 'You're
a jerk.'

����������� 'From
being attacked?' I continued.

����������� 'Stop
being stupid and disgusting.'

����������� 'You
know what I think? I think it's for attacking cunts, like this.'

����������� With
that I shoved the contacts right into her labia mounds, through her clothes,
and gave her the juice. She wasn't amused and being less than pleased really
opened her mouth with a further barrage of insults so I kneed her where I'd
just zapped her.� Now she puddled on the
floor and was having real spasms. She hollered. They all hollered and I laughed
out loud, like a maniac, yelling as I left, ' Fucking, fucking fried cunts.
You're all fried cunts.'

����������� They
really lamented in unison.

����������� 'Taylor,
baby, here I come again.' I sort of sang.

&nbsp;

Page 40.

&nbsp;

����������� When
I got back to her, she looked beaten and defeated. Her asshole was plenty sore
as it was the first time she'd been bum fucked and I'd done it really hard. The
thing was, did she still have the resolve to try to deflect me from her kid? I
reasoned it wouldn't take much conjecture to assume she did and that her
daughter's now superceded her own welfare and safety. So I started in on her
again, but I wanted to know something that had been bugging me first.

����������� 'If
you're still with your old man, why do you have all the condoms?'

����������� She
looked at me blankly.

����������� 'What,
you sleeping around? Doing lots of it? Or you some kind of hooker, like a high
class call girl?'

����������� 'Stop
being stupid.' She answered.

����������� 'No
tell me then, why do you have two packs in your purse? At least they were in
your purse until I dumped them out.'

����������� 'I
just got them. They're for me and my husband. I don't want to get pregnant
again and I could right now.'

����������� 'Oh
fuck. Oh fuck. I could make a kid with you right now?'

����������� 'Stop
it. Stop it. No.'

����������� 'Well,
you know I just might, and keep you so I can slit your belly open when you get
big. What so you think of that?'

����������� 'You're
impossible. You're..'

����������� 'Or
I could always guzzle and slurp from your tits.'

����������� 'You're
insane. I don't want your kid. You're insane.'

����������� 'We'll
see. I'll think about it. So what about your little bastard bitch cunt kid, you
still willing to do anything and everything to protect her?'

����������� She
wouldn't answer.

����������� 'Come
on, come on, you dumb bitch, make with the answers. Are you?'

����������� She
started spitting the words out at me again. Each one hit my delight center. 'Of
course, you despicable monster. You can hurt me and fuck me as much as you want
but I'll defend her and protect her to my dying breath?'

����������� (Well
that could easily be arranged, I knew.)

����������� 'You
know, I believe you. I think you're really sincere and trying to be brave so, I
suppose I should reward your wishes.'

����������� 'Oh
please do. Just let her be. That's what I want most.'

����������� 'OK,
I can go along with that, but only if you continue with the zapping.'

����������� 'Uh?
What? No. No more.'

����������� 'Yeah,
the stun gun, you're not done yet. Continue on and don't fight me too much, a
little's Ok, and I can grant your wish.'

����������� 'Oh
please. Please. You've already made me do the unthinkable and my rectum really
hurts. Did you do it to me there?'

����������� 'What
do you think, sweetcakes?'

����������� 'Please,
please did you?'

����������� 'Lets
just say, you should have seen your ass jiggle, your buttocks. Fuck
seven-hundred and fifty-thousand sweet volts, the full charge and then I bugger
fucked you. You were tight and really great, was it your first time?'

����������� 'Oh
God. Oh God. How can you treat me so badly and like it. You're so horrid.'

����������� 'Not
like it. No. No. I fucking love it and will when I do it again and again. So
just call me Horrid Hal or is that Beastly Bill. Whatever, here's the deal.'

����������� I
handed her the gun again.

����������� 'It's
set on max, still. Fry one of your injured nipples for me.'

����������� 'You're
insane. You're worse than insane and you enjoy being a madman. You just told me
so you're worse than insane. There are no sufficient words. How can I? How can
I do that to myself when it already hurts so much? Besides, it might give me a
heart attack.'

&nbsp;

Page 41.

&nbsp;

����������� 'Do
the right one, it's a little further from�
your heart.'

����������� 'It
still might. It still could.'

����������� 'Then
that's that, isn't it? It's the choice you've got to make.'

����������� 'This
is so terrible and treacherous. It's so terrible and inhuman.'

����������� 'Absolutely.
I agree. So get to it anyway. No, I stand corrected, because it's so horrible,
get to it or your kid's fucking toast.'

����������� We
just sat there again about five feet apart just looking at each other for quite
a few minutes, again like in sort of a stale mate which, of course, it wasn't
at all. She would have to comply and it didn't matter to me how long she drew
it out since the anticipation was so exquisite. I was more perched there all
enthused and expectant. Several times she pressed the electrodes to her half
bud but couldn't bring herself to activate the trigger. She just couldn't do
it.

����������� Finally
I needed to goad her some more. ' Well, I don't know. I don't think your
daughter really mans all that much to you. You don't seem willing to...'

����������� That's
as far as I got.

����������� She
fried her damaged nipple like she'd taken a torch to it (again). She did all
the jerks and gyrations and convulsions and screamed even louder than anything
before. I just knew the others had to have heard. She flopped around for
another five minutes and then exhausted, just went limp. She'd fallen back and
twisted onto her side and really did look dead, but thankfully wasn't. After
twenty minutes she was awake and rubbing and looking at the fresh burn marks
about her areola.

����������� 'Taylor,
congrats. I do say now, I'm beginning to believe you. I think the kid's cunt
really does matter to you.'

����������� 'I
hate you. I hate you. I truly despise you. Of course, she's the mist important
thing, person in my life. She's my baby. My baby girl.'

����������� 'Yes,
I think that could be true so we're almost there and the kid's safe.'

����������� 'You
can't, you just can't expect me to do anymore. I've been brave. I've shown you
the depth of my courage and my commitment to her. I can't. You can't. I can
only be so strong.'

����������� 'Look,
you've done really well, better than I ever thought, so I owe it to you to
honor my agreement with you. One last little effort and the kid's out of harm's
way. I guarantee ot.'

����������� 'One
more, and that's it?' she replied hopefully.

����������� 'You,
you have my word.'

����������� 'OK.
I'll try. I'll try again.'

����������� With
that she went to her other nipples, even though it was closer to her heart, and
before I could instruct her otherwise, she flashed the arc right through her
flesh and she managed to absorb the jolt better than the first nip so that in
about ten minutes she was all set to relax about the kid.

&nbsp;

Page 42.

&nbsp;

����������� 'You
hear me now? You can understand me now?' I sort of yelled into her ear. She
nodded her noggin.

����������� 'You
were too fast. Too fucking fast. I didn't want you to do your other nipple. It
might have electrocuted you. That's not what I wanted.'

����������� 'But
you said. You said do your nipples. Nipples. Plural. And I did. You got what
you want and I did what you want...'

����������� 'I
just told you, you were too fast.'

����������� 'Oh
God. No. What now? Will it never end with you? Is there no fucking end?' She
didn't swear a lot, but I loved it when she did. It showed her anger lever was
rising quite nicely.

����������� 'When
you do what I wanted, want, it's over. Not before but O told you, then you have
my word.'

����������� 'OK.
Ok. What? What then? Then?'

����������� 'Now
what. Where?'

����������� 'Where?
Where?' 

����������� I
gave her a smirky look. A really dirty, as in filthy sweet look.

����������� 'Come
on. You know where.'

����������� She
just started slowly shaking her head back and forth, side to side ad then
faster. She knew. She knew she would eventually have to and that was just it.
She hadn't escaped a single of my demands up until now. She began crying and
wailing and thrashing her head from side to side, pretty well violently and
then let out with the loudest, longest screamed 'nooooo' and shoved the stunner
right into her twat and let her rip. It light up from the arcing. Until then, I
had never seen a more delightful sight. She was lighted and I was delighted.
She just didn't care at all, no matter how severe or devastating the pain. She
kept the thing engaged, shoved way inside her, for maybe seven seconds and then
as she tried to draw it out, arcing and sparking all the while, it caught the
edge of what was left of her clit. With a blood curdling, hairs standing on
end, scream, she passed out. Now I could hear the others screaming also. It was
as if her scream, their screams, some how made them more dangerous, and she was
attacking me rather than herself. Overall it was just so edifying and
fulfilling to have brought her to that point. I certainly had to give it to
her, give her credit, she really loved her kid and so would I, even more.

����������� I
went out to the toilet for a crap and took my time. When I returned in about
fifteen minutes, she was still unconscious. I waited for another ten minutes
and then bitch slapped her face, cheek and cheek to bring her too. 

����������� She
immediately glared at me and� I sat there
for about ten minutes more just watching her squirm and reflect.

&nbsp;

Page 43.

&nbsp;

����������� She
was terrified and agitated and fiddling and kept glancing at me hopeful, like
her eyes could charm me to relent. Like, surely now, I had done enough already.

����������� I
let her keep at it

����������� Then
I re-started, ' You were telling me how you were going to kill me. How you were
so sure you would. Well now I want you to tell me how you'll kill me if I mess
with your kid too.'

����������� She
sort of cowered and tried to draw away.

����������� 'Give
me the details. Come on, mouthpiece,�
tell me.'

����������� She
resisted.

����������� 'What's
the matter, cat got your tongue? Cat got your clit? Cat gonna get your kid's
clit?'

����������� 'Listen,
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have lied to you like that, I'm sorry.'

����������� 'Yeah,
but you meant it. Every fucking word was true wasn't it?'

����������� 'Please.
I, please..'

����������� 'Or
are you saying you were lying, might have been lying then too? That you didn't
really want to kill me?'

����������� She
paused and wasn't sure if she smelled a trap or a way out. I could see her
trying to figure out the odds.

����������� 'Maybe
I need to make myself clearer to you. You don't want to fucking lie to me
anymore and I'll really prove it.'

����������� I
got up and walked up to her with a small pair of jewelers pliers I'd retrieved.
I held them in front of her face, before her wide eyes, and presses them to her
throat. I held them there. I started to draw them downward to her valley and on
downward towards her crotch. I arrived at the top of her slit.

����������� 'No.
No. God no, you wouldn't.' She begged.

����������� I
stopped and worked my way back up to her tit and one of her injured nipples. I
pressed the points into her disfigured bud and then got the jaws opened on what
remained. I crushed into what was left of the end. It still spurted and there
were lots of nerve endings so she freaked. She gave me the most pitiful look
before she went lights out again, which wasn't such a bad thing, this time. She
needed a rest, a refrain from her anguish. Of course, that's all that it was, a
very temporary escape.

����������� I
waited half an hour for her to come to.

����������� That
was it. That had really cut it. She changed again. Now she intended to apply
reason and to appeal to my compassion. ����������� 

����������� How
could she appeal to what I didn't have?

����������� But
now, to save her daughter, she was prepared to act my slave.

����������� But
she didn't have all the goods I wanted.

����������� Now
I wanted her kid's pussy (and nipples) too.

&nbsp;

����������� But
all in good time, all in sweet time.

����������� For
now, I had four other terrified cunts to deal with.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Book of Evils


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





