BDSM Library - Alternate Time




Alternate Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Certain women are offered the choice of doing three months imprisonment in a special facility producing disgusting porn movies, or entering the national prison system, doing the full sentence, where their life and health are in serious danger.  None refuse the special offer, since they realize what the alternative means.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-17T23:11:00Z
  2007-06-17T23:11:00Z
  3
  1142
  6512
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  54
  15
  7639
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






I am the warden
of a special prison complex in central South America, and my prisoners are of a
unique category owing to the nature of their crimes. The prisoners here are all
attractive females...and have been given the option of serving three months here
doing filthy porn videos...or serving ten years in the government prisons...an
unpleasant alternative at best. 

&nbsp;

The government
prisons are overcrowded...and mismanaged, and corrupt...and women who serve
time there are unavoidably damaged physically and mentally for life...if they
are fortunate enough to survive the ordeal at all. 

&nbsp;

The women who
come here have committed less serious crimes, but crimes that are particularly
distasteful against innocent members of the population...the weak and the elderly,
and the vulnerable. They are offered a full pardon after three months if they
agree to sign themselves over to usage in the porn industry during that time. 

&nbsp;

The videos made
here are considered to be the filthiest in the world...but the women know they
will not be harmed physically, and will be well taken care of in all respects,
as pertains to medical care and nutritional needs, housing etc.. 

&nbsp;

Needless to say
these videos are also the most in demand on the world market...and huge sums of
money are involved from these sales. 

&nbsp;

Customers who buy
these videos are also given the alternative to design their own stories within
certain perameters. 

&nbsp;

******************


&nbsp;

No form of the
more terrible kinds of videos are made here...ones involving torture or serious
harm to anyone...this is strictly prohibited...and the production of these
videos is closely monitored by the trained staff to insure that nothing of this
nature happens here. Any violators are punished accordingly. 

&nbsp;

The videos are
merely sexual lust and filth of all sorts including beastiality...the kinds of
fantasies that many have in the back of their minds...but are afraid to
verbalize. Many of these women are prostitutes, at the outset...and so most of
these activities would not be foreign to them. 

&nbsp;

Some of the
pretty women are professionals, however, who have done shameful harm to the
helpless and elderly...and have chosen this course to avoid something much more
severe in the form of punishment. 

&nbsp;

Just about all of
the women offered this alternative accept it. 

&nbsp;

I run the prison
according to strict standards...which allow the women to return to society
after they have performed as directed in the hot video productions, and the
only real harm done them is to their pride...which they put in jeopardy by
their unsavory and distasteful crimes in the first place. 

&nbsp;

If they refuse to
do what they are instructed to do during production sessions...they are
returned to the regular prison system, and sent to one of the national
facilities. This never happens, however, and the women always give in to common
sense and resign themselves to enjoy their video chores, and the pleasure that
is available to them if they want to enjoy it. 

&nbsp;

Of course the
women know that they will have to suck cock and be the object of
gangbangs...among other things...but three months of this...(under the
influence of aphrodisiacs) will turn out to be a blessing in disguise compared
to what their fate would have been otherwise. 

&nbsp;

They are also
given the alternative of certain drugs that essentually remove their sense of
disgust, so that they are basically oblivious to what they are required to do,
and are not subject to the challenges to their basic moral imperatives...and
many of the women choose this...and are taken off the drugs before leaving the
prison unharmed. 

&nbsp;

Others choose to
just do it without all that, and possibly enjoy their own kind of release from
their sexual tensions. 

&nbsp;

After
interviewing the newest prisoners who have arrived during the past twenty four
hours...I give them over to my capable staff for disposition, and assignment to
the many video production studios in the prison. 

&nbsp;

After selecting a
few of the more attractive and arrogant of the new inductees...my staff has
invited me to a session which is being held in one of the large male employee
toilets. The bathroom has twenty toilet stalls, and special restraint fixtures
are installed in the room to facilitate usage of the female prisoners during
production. 

&nbsp;

_____________________


&nbsp;

I arrive and take
my seat in the spectators section...a comfortable grouping of enclosed cubicles
in a carpeted area near the center of the action enclosed by metal railings. I
and others of my staff often view the sessions, and there are also military or
political figures who visit the prison to enjoy hot sexual release or perhaps
participate if so desired. All of the video production areas have these
cubicles so that the sessions might be enjoyed anyplace in the prison. 

&nbsp;

Today there are
ten viewers...including myself...and each of them undoubtedly in great
agitation for the coming filth. There are ten cubicles with one way glass
panels on the doors,...so that the viewer may sit comfortably in the small
room, with the door closed, to look out at the action a few feet away...and
masterbate, if so desired, to the ongoing action. ____________________________

Two other dogs
have just finished drinking from the toilet bowls and they come over sniffing
her rear. Soon the two animals are lapping out her sopping vagina and anus,
swallowing cream that has accumulated. One of the dogs slides it's tongue up
her open asshole, while the other laps deep inside her cunt, cleaning out the
smelly inner juice. 

&nbsp;

Soon the two dogs
at the rear finish their meal, and come around to the front and begin to lap at
the woman's face, as the other animal goes back behind her again and begins to
eat more accumulated drainage. 

&nbsp;

The two dogs
begin licking her face rapidly, and their tongues find her mouth and force it
open delving deeply inside. The long swampy dog tongues lap inside her open
oral cavity,tasting of toilet water, cunt juice and feces, and she holds her
mouth open for them...apparently unable to close it. Her eyes bulge out and she
gags as she swallows more cum and dog saliva. 

&nbsp;

Then the animals
jump up on her shoulders in front, and their long, hard peckers soon find her
open mouth. The dogs have been well trained, and she merely kneels there
unresisting, as they each service her oral cavity while she looks blankly at
the cubicles. They each squirt thick loads of dog wad down her throat, and
despite her gagging, she swallows it all. 

&nbsp;

She is in a
frenzy now, ...unable to fully comprehend what she is doing. 

&nbsp;

When the whole
spectacle is over the woman kneels there in a trance of shame, dog cum and
saliva dribbling from her lips to a large puddle on the floor. 

&nbsp;

The inhabitants
of the cubicles have done what they're going to do by now, and the doors open
and the smiling men leave the room. Female prisoners emerge first, from four of
the cubicles, semen dripping from their faces, and scamper away, followed by
the satisfied visitors. 

&nbsp;

The woman is
taken by male nurses to the showers where she can clean herself, and then back
to her cell. 

&nbsp;

The next day this
female prisoner must watch the whole disgusting video while she is sucking
several cocks, and swallowing cum. 

&nbsp;

The woman is
given a few days off after that...and allowed time to rest and recouperate. 

&nbsp;

There are many
more prisoners in the facility to be used in the videos, and the production
supervisors work day and night to think up the most disgusting ideas possible,
after all, there is a great deal of money involed...and there are virtually no
limits to the imagination. 

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aceith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





