BDSM Library - Boston Fetish Fair




Boston Fetish Fair
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: the girl and her friend have no idea what they are in for when they agree to meet Him at the fetish fair.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-19T23:20:00Z
  2007-06-19T23:20:00Z
  2
  1693
  9653
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  80
  22
  11324
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Boston bus
station is mobbed with people attending the fetish fair. I pace restlessly,
glancing at Chris sitting sitting quietly, as we wait for You to arrive. We
people-watch, amazed and amused at the variety of clothes we see. Engrossed in
watching an apparent Dom lead his pet on a leash, I am not aware of your
presence until I feel a sharp slap on my ass. Red-faced I smile and hug You.
Chris stands and waits for You to greet her. Hugs done with, You gesture for
Chris to sit back down....a look silencing her question. You take my hand and
lead me into the womens restroom, ignoring the startled looks of he women in
there. Luckily, during fetish fair weekend, things normally not allowed are
overlooked. You wait until the large handicap stall is free then pull me into
it. &quot;Bend and grab your ankles&quot; you order. I obey, too startled to
argue. &quot;Goog girl&quot; You praise me as You see I followed Your
instructions for no underwear, as You bunch my skirt up above my waist. I hear
You unzip Your gym bag, flinching slightly as I You smear KY onto my tight
asshole, Your finger sliding easily in .I move slightly and You spank my left
cheek &quot;Be still&quot; I feel You probing my hole, then feel the insertion
of a small butt plug. I moan softly..very aware of the public place we are in.
Unconcerned, You begin to spank me, my face turning beet red as the sound of
Your hand hitting my ass echoes in the restroom. I hear laughter on the other
side of the door. You lean and softly tell me that we will get one of the
punishments due me out of the way right now. You pull me upright, then have me
face the wall, hands placed high..leaning with my ass arched outward, my legs
spread wide. I glance back and bite my lip as i see You pull &quot;the
bitch&quot; out of Your bag. &quot;But&quot; i start to protest...SWISH..pain
blossoms thru my ass, like a zillion bee stings, my grit my teeth as I see Your
arm pull back. SWISH SWISH SWISH SWISH. four more times and my eyes are bright
with unshed tears. Your hand runs soothinngly across my inflamed asscheeks.
Pulling my skirt down, cautioning me to hold the buttplug in, You repack Your
bag and exit the stall. All eyes are on us as I look straight ahead, face
flaming red, every step shifting the plug. Chris jumps up as we rejoin her, her
eyes on me, knowing something has happened. I keep my eyes downcast until You
grab my chin, lifting it up, You kiss me long and slow then tell me that I am
Your good lil sub. Pushing me into the chair Chris vacated, I groan softly as
my sore ass, as well as the butt plug send waves of painful pleasure thruout my
body. I watch as You lead Chris into the same restroom, she glances back at me,
her eyes wide. I shrug and smile. Mins pass, and I watch the crowd, very much
aware of the butt plug in my ass and what it symbolizes. Finally I see You
striding across the floor, Chris hurrying to keep up. I see she has been crying
but that she is also smiling, and I know You have filled her ass too. Smiling
broadly, You gesture for us to follow You. Off to the hotel!

Due to the congestion
from the fetish fair, it took us over an hour to get to our hotel. The elevator
arrives and you position Chris at the front and instruct her not to turn
around. Your hand slides under my skirt, nudging my legs apart, Your fingers slide
into my pussy &quot;aaah My pet is sopping wet&quot; Your slick fingers quickly
find my hard clit, stroking it lightly but rapidly You whisper in My ear &quot;
I want You to cum before this elevator reaches our floor&quot; I bite my lip to
stifle a groan as You use Your other hand to fuck my ass with the buttplug,
Your fingers teasing and taunting my clit. My knees buckle slightly as my
orgasm rips thru me. Slamming Your fingers into my spasming pussy, tis all I
can to to stay on my feet. You withdraw Your fingers....holding them up,
letting me see them glistening with my juices, sliding them into my mouth, I
lick and suck greedily, then thank You. Your smile tells me I did well. The
door slides opens and we follow You to our room. Two rooms actually, with a
connecting door, which You tell us will always remain open as will the bathroom
doors. You instruct me to unpack everyone's things, remove the buttplug, then
go shower. You pick up your gym bag and motion for Chris to follow you into the
other bedroom. I quickly unpack then go to shower. The shower looks ok but my
eyes go to the huge hot tub, I turn the water on and it fills quickly as I
strip....moaning slightly as I pull out the the butt plug. Turning the jets on
high, i sink into the water, purring as the hot water massages my body. I hear
noises coming from the bedroom You and Chris, the smack of a belt maybe,
chris's muffled cries, as if she has a gag in her mouth. I can only imagine
what You are doing to her..perhaps taking her cherry ass. I tone the noises
out...and close my eyes and just relax in the hot tub. An hour or more passes,
and I must have dozed off because the next think i hear is You clearing Your
throat. I look up to see You standing over me. I smile and greet You, Hi Sir.
You sit on the edge of the tub and casually ask me how Im enjoying it. Oh tis
wonderful I tell You. IN the same casual tone You ask me &quot;is this the
shower I told you to take?&quot; My smile fades as I realize Im in trouble. I
decide silence is best so I remain quiet and look at You. You flip the switch
and the water drains from the tub, leaving me totally exposed to You. Get out
and go to the room and get my duffel bag , You tell me. I scramble out, sliding
on a robe...i trot off to the room..I grab Your bag...hesistating only a moment
to look at chris blindfolded, tied face down on the bed, on her knees...her ass
a brilliant red, her asshole gaping.I see the end of a vibrator, still buzzing,
sticking out of her pussy. Her moans show me she is still cumming from the vib.
I realize I have dawdled too long and I rush back to the bathroom. Your eyes
are hard as You take the bag from me. Come here, you softly tell me. I obey and
stand in front of You. You slide the robe off me.Your hands going to my
tits....squeezing them roughly, then twistng and tugging my
nipples...increasing the pressure as You watch me. I am not pleased with you,
you tell me as you reach into your bag and bring out a wicked looking pair of
nipples clamps.SNAP on my right nipple, SNAP onto my left nipple, I whimper but
keep my arms down, hands clenched. My nipples stick out obscenely from the
clamps. You then pull out a very small wirey whip. You swish it in the air,
letting me hear the noise it makes. i shiver slightly, watching as You strike
downward onto my captive nipple. Pain explodes and i step back. You immediately
grab me and slip handcuffs on my wrists, twisting my arms behind me, backing me
into the corner, effectively trappin me as well as makin my tits stick out
more. You slide a ball gag over my mouth, adjusting it so that I can only
scream against the hard rubber. You pick up the tiny whip again....10 on each,
is ONE of your punishments , You tell me. The pain is extreme and You keep me
pinned to the wall as You whip 20 times, i look and see my nipples bright red.
I scream loudly into thegag as You remove the clamps, the blood surging back
into my already sore nipples. You lean,...licking each nipple softly, i moan
and squirm. You remove the ball gag and roughly shove Your cock into my wet
warm mouth. Suck it well, my slut&quot; You tell me. I run my tongue up and
down the hardened shaft, circling the head, Your hands entwine in my hair ,
guiding my movements. You begin to fuck my mouth, sliding it deep into my
throat, then pulling all the way out, faster..harder, You hear me gag and Your
hands tighten in my hair forcing me to take it all. Fucking my mouth harder,
you spurt deep into my mouth &quot;swallow it all &quot; I lick and swallow,
getting every last drop. You pull out Your still hard cock..and lead me into
the bedroom. You unlock the cuffs , tossing them to the floor, then You step
into the other room to check on Chris, I hear Your hand connect with her ass
and her wails. You come back, grab a large dildo and go back into Chris. Her
loud moans tell me You are shoving it into her ass. I hear You tell her she had
better hold both toys in or &quot;the bitch&quot; would punish her.

You stand quietly in
the doorway for a moment, just looking at me. I stand quietly, eyes downcast.
&quot;lay on the bed, legs as wide as they will go. You tell me.....I obey
quickly. You shove a pillow under my ass, makin my shaven pussy jut up more as
well as expose my asshole to You. You grab lengths of soft cord from your bag,
swiftly tying me spread-eagled. You sit on the bed, one hand sliding down to my
bald pussy, teasing the lips open, then rubbin my clit softly til i moan and
arch my ass upwards. Into Your bag again...lifting out a tinyclip....i groan
loudly as you slid it onto my clit. Oh nooooo i beg, as I see You pick up the
tiny whip again. This is for the times you didnt obey and call me Sir.......you
tell me. FLICK!! it catches the tip of my clit and i strain against my bonds,
tears flow as You hit my clit.again...and again..and again. Finally You toss
the whip aside and release the clamp. Immediately You capture my clit in your
mouth as i scream from the sudden bloodrush. Softly sucking, til i realize tis
all pleasure now, i moan,,,and push upwards, begging for more. &quot;you will
not cum without permission, jules&quot; I shudder and struggle to hold back as
you continue to suck and lick my clit. Your fingers slide into my wet
pussy...one, two, three then four fingers fucking me...as i writhe on the bed.
Stoppin, you climb on the bed....scooching up til Your cock is brushing against
my asshole, your legs on either side of me.Your fingers smearing pussy juice
all over your cock...as you pull me down onto your cock, my arms pulled tight
in the bonds. Your fingers go back into my pussy, twisting, stretching me. Im
gonna to fist fuck your pussy as i fuck your ass, subbie&quot; i groan louder
as you begin to curl your fingers inside me, your cock twitching in my ass. i
feel you slowly push till your thumb goes into my pussy. i arch my back, loudly
moaning as you begin to fuck my ass and fist fuck my pussy. I get caught up in
the pain and pleasure...more so when you use your other hand to rub my swollen
clit. My ass wraps so tightly around your cock, your fist making the tightness
almost too painful on your cock. you push in and out with your fist, rubbin
into my g spot, i moan loudly and beg you to let me cum .&quot;No&quot; you
say, as you thrust your cock hard into my ass, I want you to feel my hot cum
deep in your bowels first. Faster you thrust into my hot tight ass, twisting
and turning your fist in me, your fingers capturing my clit between them , you
rub it back and forth. my body goes stiff with my trying not to cum. Your cock
gets even harder you slide it all the way im and i feel it swell...as you
cum....your spasming cock making me scream . NOW, you give me permsission, you
feel my pussy spasm widely around your hand, your fingers pinching my clit. i
almost pass out at the intensity of my orgasm. long mins pass as my body
continues to spasm. You ease your hand out and pull out your cock. Untying the
ropes, you hold me in my eyes, as i slowly come down. This is only a start, i
have lots more plans for you and chris, you whisper in my ear. ...........







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  mainesubbie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





