BDSM Library - Stephanie my slut slave 




Stephanie my slut slave 
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A commissioned work musch stronger bdsm than my normal stories, see what you think








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-19T23:06:00Z
  2007-06-19T23:06:00Z
  5
  2041
  11639
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  96
  27
  13653
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Stephanie my slut
slave 01.

&nbsp;

Stephanie was 21
years old and an experienced submissive, she came to me through a mutual
contact and wanted to spend time as my slave. I was told that her main passion
was for being used and abused, in fact she admitted the worse she was used the
better she loved it.

&nbsp;

She was 5� 5�
tall weight 130 lbs and had large breasts for her frame size with prominent
nipples; her hazel Brown hair was shoulder length. The day she came to my house
she was wearing a short red miniskirt with a low cut plain red top no bra on
her 36 A breasts and as it turned out no knickers above the self supporting red
fish net stockings.

&nbsp;

I took her in
doors and had her carry her bag up to the spare room. I informed her she was
now mine as I had paid the guy �75 for her ownership. She was going to be my
bitch and do exactly as I told her. She stood silently nodding appropriately. I
had he strip and discovered that she had allowed her pubic hair to begin
growing again.

&nbsp;

I informed her,
this was totally unacceptable and would be removed this instant. She started to
move past me and I grabbed her and snarled �Did I say you could leave my
presence!�

&nbsp;

�No, master.� She
cried.

&nbsp;

�Lay on that bed
with your legs wide open!� I instructed her. I returned moments later with a
bowl of hot water a wash cloth and the wax hair remover. I dropped the face
cloth in to the water and gingerly managed to retrieve it, it was too hot to
wring out so I dropped it on to her pubic area, I saw her mouth form the words
�fuck� but heard nothing.

&nbsp;

I waited a few
minutes then lifted the cloth; her pubic area was pink but not too red. I the
put the pot of wax into the hot water and waited for it to melt. I informed
Stephanie, that she was going to wax her self and I wanted to see some effort
when she pulled the wax from her body.

&nbsp;

She applied the
wax and waited. I meanwhile began measuring her breast, how big and round each
one was, how far the nipple stuck out, then how far I could pull her nipples. I
even check the slap ability of then with a swift slap to the right side of her
breast leaving my hand print in the process. Not one word of complaint came
from Stephanie�s lips. 

&nbsp;

After 15 minutes
I told her to remove the now harden wax, she took hold at the lower end and on
the count of three yanked the wax away from her body. The hairs came away but
it did leave her cunt area looking decidedly red and sore.

&nbsp;

I then made her
dress in a pleated skirt and the same low cut top as she had arrived in and
announced I was going to have her marked as my property. She actually begged me
not to do this. I slapped her face and told her she would do what ever I told
her to do. Again she begged not to be marked in this way. I slapped her face
again and said �what makes you think your something special, your worthless
piece of furniture to me, I mark my tables as being mine and I will mark you as
my property�. 

&nbsp;

Silently she
stood and nodded. I took her arm and led her out to my car. I opened the boot
and made her climb inside, slamming the lid I climb in the driving seat and
drove away. I drove around for a while, I could hear her sobbing in the boot,
and I eventually pulled up at a tattoo studio that belonged to a friend of
mine. I retrieved her from the boot and marched her inside the studio. 

&nbsp;

I whispered to
the tattooist what I required. He smiled and nodded in her direction. I then
ordered her to strip off completely. She looked around for a changing room and
saw that there was not one, I demanded �Well I am Waiting�

&nbsp;

Slowly she lifted
her top and was looking for somewhere to place it when I snapped �Drop it on
the floor where you and it belong� she looked down and dropped the top, she
removed the skirt and dropped that standing there naked with her back to the
street windows where anyone could have passed and saw her.

&nbsp;

I pointed to the
chair and told her to get in it; she quickly stepped forward and took her place
in the chair. The Tattooist then took hold of her Right breast and stenciled
the outline of the word I had requested before filling it in with bright red
ink, It read �MY NIPPLE� he repeated the process on her left breast only this
time it read �ANYONE�S NIPPLE� this time the wording had to wrap around the
nipple area. A couple of times I heard a sob from her as the pain from the
tattoo became a little too much to bear.

&nbsp;

I laughed at her
and said �Wait till he starts tattooing your cunt, my dear that is a lot of
work to be done there� She began to beg me not to do this. I silenced her by
saying that if she continued I would have her arse tattooed as well. Soon the
handy work was completed. And I had her stand and show me the new her. Her
Right breast bore the tattoo around her nipple of my nipple, her left bore the
wording of anyone�s nipple and on the pubic bone area of her cunt was
emblazoned �COCKS GO HERE AFTER ORAL�

&nbsp;

I picked up her
top and skirt and said �come on� I walked out of the shop and threw her clothes
in the back of the car before opening the boot. She quickly slipped out of the
shop and as quick as she could, she climbed in the boot. I closed the lid down
with out fastening it. I returned to the shop and paid for the tattoos. I
climbed in the car and drove off, the boot flew open as I stopped at the
traffic lights and I am sure the driver behind me must have seen her as she
reached up and slammed the boot shut.

&nbsp;

I drove home and
left her in the boot for around twenty minutes. Before allowing her to climb
out and then I walked her slowly in to my house. I took her immediately in to
the kitchen and said �you showed me up in the tattoo studio. You have caused me
to lose face with my friend and colleague. How do you think you should be
punished for that?� I asked.

&nbsp;

She stood there
staring at the floor. I then informed her as she stood trembling, that I
thought her silence an admission of her bad behaviour and acceptance of her
forthcoming punishment. I informed Stephanie that she was going to be pierced
through both nipples and her clit base plus she was to have her cunt lips
pierced in such a way that I would be able to lock her pussy shut. 

&nbsp;

She would still
be able to pee but nothing would be able to penetrate her pussy or further more
if something was locked in could not come out without the lock being removed.

&nbsp;

She asked for
permission to speak, which was granted. �Master, please I beg of you not to
pierce my nipples and pussy. A friend of mine had it done and suffered pain for
months afterwards. She had local freezing of the area and it soon wore off and
was extremely painful!�

&nbsp;

�That�s possible,
but you should not worry as you won�t be given the freeze spray, for showing me
up today you shall under go the procedure without it!� I retaliated.

&nbsp;

Stephanie began
crying and constantly pleading with me not to have her pierced. I told her to
stop sniveling and face the facts that it was my wish to have my goods pierced
as I chose and the punishment for showing me up was to have it done without
pain relief.

&nbsp;

A quick phone
call to someone who did this had him at my front door an hour later. I made
Stephanie lie flat in the house across the coffee table, before letting the guy
in. I showed him into the living room and explained what I wanted; he explained
that it would be extremely painful for her without the relief. I allowed her to
have some relief but not enough to take all the pain away.

&nbsp;

The guy began by
piercing her clit base, Stephanie screamed as the needle passed through. I
immediately placed a gag in her mouth and tied it off. The ring was inserted
through the hole and locked off. Next the guy pierced Stephanie�s right nipple
and quickly popped the ring through.� He
repeated this on her left nipple. Stephanie was still trying to scream but the
gag kept the noise right down.

&nbsp;

Finally he
pierced her pussy lips twice on the left and twice on the right, he then
attached the single ring through both holes on the right pussy lip and another
ring was similarly placed in the left side. I stepped forward and padlocked the
rings together, making sure to fiddle with the clit ring, moving into a
position where it would rub against her clit hood.

&nbsp;

I paid the guy
the �240 for the piercing and he passed comment on the tattoos. I informed him
she had only just had the work done that day. I ordered Stephanie to open her
legs wide.�� Reluctantly she did so
careful to try not to move the pussy rings. I asked the guy what he thought of
my little slave slut, he admitted she looked real cute especially with the
tattoos and now nipple rings. I pointed out the wording across her pubic area.
He read it aloud �Cocks go here after oral� I asked him if he wanted to follow
the instructions. Eagerly he nodded and I said �fine I am going to make a cup
of tea, you my little slut are going to suck this guy off and don�t even think
about swallowing the cum, I want to see it still in your mouth when your done.�

&nbsp;

I left the room
and put the kettle on, but sneaked back to watch the action in the living room.
The guy soon had his prick out and buried down Stephanie�s throat, although she
was obviously in pain she concentrated on the blow job and soon had the guy
blowing his wad into her mouth. I returned to the kitchen and made the cup of
tea, slowly returning to the living room where the guy was properly dressed and
soon made his excuses and left.

&nbsp;

I placed my cup
of tea down on a side table and demanded to see inside Slut�s mouth. Stephanie
opened her mouth to show her tongue covered in white sperm. I told her to
swallow it all and as she did so I flicked her nipple ring she jumped from the
pain.

&nbsp;

She asked if she
may be allowed to go to the toilet, but I advised her it was not a good idea
just now as her urine being slight acidic would sting her freshly pierced pussy
lips. I made her wait for 70 minutes while all the time talking about running
water and occasionally slapping her arse. 

&nbsp;

I then escorted
her to the toilet, had her stand over the bowl and then open her legs I watched
her until she finished. I gave her some toilet tissue and told her to wipe
herself properly, 

&nbsp;

She could barely
cope with touching her pussy lips let alone wiping tissue across them. I then
unlocked the padlock and made her slip a large black vibrator up her pussy,
before turning it on high and relocking the padlock. I then sent Stephanie my
bedroom where I threw a blanket on the floor beside the bed and told her that
was her bed; I gave her a second sheet to cover herself with. 

&nbsp;

I went back down
stairs and sat considering the situation for an hour or two. When I returned
upstairs Stephanie was trying to sleep through the pain and vibrations, she
soon woke as I tried to slip my finger into her pussy. The padlock and rings
worked excellently preventing any penetration at all; Stephanie found my
attentions a little painful as I constantly nudged the clit ring.

&nbsp;

She forgot
herself and said �Stop it�s so painful!� immediately she apologized saying
�Sorry Master, I really forgot myself, I beg you not to punish me further!�

&nbsp;

I snapped �Get
yourself downstairs in the kitchen, I immediately set of before her and as she
entered the kitchen I was warming a six inch nail in a pair of pliers on the
gas ring. When it was almost red hot I removed it. I then got Stephanie to lean
forward so her nipple rings were away from her body and placed the nail on her
left nipple ring away from her breast. I knew this way the heat would transfer
towards her nipple. When I saw Stephanie wince I removed the nail and reheated
it repeat the process on her right nipple.

&nbsp;

I spared her the
same treatment on her pussy rings and clit ring. How ever I did spank her with
twenty slaps and returned her to bed. I retired to bed around 11.30 pm but woke
around 2.00am with a raging hard on.

&nbsp;

I walked around
the bed to where Stephanie was sleeping and pulled on her right nipple ring.
Instantly she woke up with a start and moan �that fucking hurt!� she snapped.
Then becoming more awake and more frightened of my anger she apologized saying
she did not mean to scream out like that but I caught her unawares. 

&nbsp;

I smiled and said
�Don�t worry you will have plenty of time to repent, after I have fucked your
arse. Now up on your hands and knees! Bitch!� 

&nbsp;

She slowly got
onto her hands and knees as I knelt behind her and without lubricant I forced
my seven inches deep inside her anal canal. I could still feel the vibrations
of the dildo up her cunt as I fucked her hard and as additional punishment I
frequently played with her nipple rings. Gently pulling or twisting them.
Stephanie had to bite her lip to stop from letting herself down again. For
thirty minutes I screwed into her anal ring before pulling out and managing to
shoot my load over her face and tits.

&nbsp;

I then made her
stand and follow me to the kitchen. Having placed a ball gag in her mouth and
tied it tight, I took the 6 inch nail and the pliers and heated it till it
glowed bright red and then placed this for just an instant against her arse
cheek groove. I repeated this three times more each about 10 cm below the
previous one. I warned her that in future she will be branded this way every
time she undergoes punishment until she reaches the area by her pussy lips. At
which point I would sell her on as unusable. There was a strong smell of seared
flesh hanging around her and the four stripes began to slightly blister.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

She eventually
returned to bed, and when I removed her ball gag she apologized and promised to
try much harder as she would not like to go through the punishment too often. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-06-19T23:07:00Z
  2007-06-19T23:07:00Z
  3
  1307
  7452
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  62
  17
  8742
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Stephanie my slut
slave 02.

&nbsp;

Two days later,
Stephanie was again slip shod in her approach to her master and he decided that
this time she was going to be really humiliated. So he arranged to meet her in
the centre of town and lead her through a succession of back streets till they
reached a pet shop.

&nbsp;

The took his
little cum slut inside the shop and he whispered that she should go select a
leather dog collar and leash from near the counter. She should unbutton the top
five buttons of her blouse. When she had selected the one she wanted she should
pay for it and then ask the guy behind the counter to put it around her neck
making sure to flash her tits in his direction as she asked. He would obviously
be able to see the writing around her nipple if not read it all.

&nbsp;

Then she was to
select a large rubber bone, (The sort a dog uses as a toy) and purchase that,
at the very first opportunity she was to slot into the conversation that this
bone was not for her dog, but her pussy and flick the front of her skirt up
using the bone to flash her naked cunt. Then she was to skip out the shop
flashing her arse as she got to the door.

&nbsp;

Slut Stephanie
did as she was told and as she left the shop she flicked the rear of her skirt
high in the air showing her naked buttocks to the shop keeper. I followed her
out side and informed her that was only the first part of her punishment. I
took the leash and attached it to her collar and led her along the street and
through a side passage to a tattoo studio, where I knew they did piercing as
well. 

&nbsp;

I fastened her
leash around a chair leg inside the studio, this meant she had to rest on the
floor and could not even manage to sit on one of the chairs. I then went to
talk to the guy who did the piercing. This meant that slut Stephanie had to sit
crossed legged on the floor and could not help flashing her naked cunt lips to
anyone looking in her direction. The guy followed me from the back of the
studio he stopped and stared at Stephanie. For where we stood we could see her
cunt lips and after a word from me she meekly lifted her skirt up to show not
only the pierced cunt lips but also the wording tattooed above her cunt. The
guy read the words aloud �cock goes here after oral�, he then turned to me and
said that�s a wicked thought guy, I must admit it is rather cute.

&nbsp;

I then unfastened
her leash and led her trough to the back where I told her to strip off
completely. She remembered my displeasure the last time in a tattoo studio, so
she quickly stripped off dropping her clothes by her feet. When her breasts
became exposed the guy with me could not help but giggle. Stephanie shot him a
nasty look, until I reminded her that sluts always face the floor unless told
otherwise. I asked him �What he found so funny?�

&nbsp;

�Well it�s not really
funny just that it is really unusual to see my nipple and anyone�s nipple!� he
responded.

&nbsp;

�I had that done,
because I do not want to share my nipple with anyone who may smoke� I joked.

&nbsp;

�Is it a genuine
offer?� he asked.

&nbsp;

�Normally yes but
as she is here for punishment, it would defeat matters to allow her the
pleasure of having her nipple sucked!� I stressed. 

&nbsp;

The guy then
asked what could he do for me, I told him I wanted her mouth lips pierced but
in such a way that the top ring would overlap the bottom and allow gold padlock
to prevent her opening her mouth more than just enough to breath through. 

&nbsp;

He looked at me
and asked �Well if that is the case, why is she now stood naked before us?�

&nbsp;

�The humiliation
is part of her punishment as is the fact that each of you (The tattooist, and
the guy who does the piercing) would be invited to spank her hard across her
cheeks! Six spanks each should be enough� I volunteered.

&nbsp;

Both men then
looked at each other and smiled. The Tattooist asked if he could photograph the
tattoo works if he managed to avoid showing her face as he knew some other sub
women would be interested in having similar designs. I agreed on one condition
that he take the first picture full length for my personal collection.

&nbsp;

The guy asked her
how much she weighed and how much she wanted for pain relief. I answered for
her, saying just the bare minimum after all this is a punishment. She looked at
me with pleading in her eyes as she almost mouthed the words please mercy.

&nbsp;

I smiled at her
whilst shaking my head.

&nbsp;

�With the minimum freeze spray applied to her
bottom lip, I watched as she was pierced there twice. This was then repeated on
her upper lip. When the two clips shut rings were applied and overlapped. The
guy provided a gold coloured padlock and snapped the two rings into it. I asked
Stephanie to explain why she is my worthless slut. She began to try to talk
normally but the movement of the lips caused pulling on the rings and clearly
dissuaded her from commenting.

&nbsp;

She managed with
some discomfort to announce, I am a sleazy slut. I then turned to her and
announced it was time to have her arse spanked. She immediately assumed the
position of bending over and gripping her ankles. The Tattooist then swung his
arm high and wide in preparation of the first slap. I stopped him and explained
the way I wanted her spanked, You should spank across both cheeks at once. When
the hand made contact with her flesh stop and hold it there, feel the heat
spread from her arse cheeks, slide your finger down the crease of her arse, as
her cunt is out of bounds, I wanted them to use that finger to probe her anal
ring. Allow this pressure for about 30 seconds before sliding your finger away,
followed by withdrawing the hand ready for the next strike.

&nbsp;

Both guys
listened intently, to my instructions and both of them nodded their approval.
The realized that the delay between slaps and the pleasure of having her anal
ring teased drew a bigger comparison against the actual slaps that made up her
spanking.

&nbsp;

Whilst the
Tattooist again prepared to deliver his first spank, the guy who does the
piercing slipped off and locked the studio door. Slut Stephanie took all twelve
spanks with out shedding a single tear, and by the twelfth stroke her anal ring
was accepting most of the finger pushing against it. Relieved that her
punishment was over she was about to straighten up and I noticed her looking
for her clothes when I snapped �Wait, bitch! Who told you you�re free to
dress?� She froze and looked to the floor. 

&nbsp;

I whispered to
the guy who does the piercing and he smiled and nodded before going over to the
tattooist. The Tattooist looked back at me, I suppose for confirmation, I
simply nodded. 

&nbsp;

Both guys then
produced a condom and shed their trousers, exposing their cocks to my slut.
They stroked their cocks until rock hard and then slipped on the condoms. Next
they took turns in fucking her anal ring, whilst I held her nipple rings,
knowing that her rocking movement would cause the rings to pull against her
nipple. As each guy came into the condom, he slipped it off and tied it up.
When they both had done this I unlocked her lip rings and popped both inside
her mouth before re locking the rings closed.

&nbsp;

I told her to
dress and be quick about it. Because of the fun they had enjoyed with slut
Stephanie the two rings and the gold coloured padlock with fitting should have
cost me �100 but they sold me it all complete for �20.

&nbsp;

I informed my
slut to thank the guys for valuing her shit hole to be worth �80, this she
found almost impossible to do, what with the soreness of her lips and the added
problem of the two condoms rolling around inside her mouth. She mumbled her
thanks as best she could and we slipped out the shop and walked slowly back to the
car and drove home.

&nbsp;

Once back at
home, I led Stephanie into the shower room and removed the padlock on her mouth
and then made her take out the condoms. These I burst allowing the contents to
shower over her face and some even ended up ion her mouth. I made her kneel
down and removed my penis from with my trousers and immediately allowed a
trickle of urine become a torrent as it was then aimed over her face and hair,
her blouse and skirt ended up soaked. Once the flowed had ceased, I placed the
tip of my cock in her mouth and made her lick the cock head clean.

&nbsp;

Then I instructed
her to remove her urine soaked clothes and I ordered her to suck the urine from
the clothing and watched as she swallowed the fluid. I told her that in future
every time she was to go out in public with me, she would have her lips locked
shut.

&nbsp;

That night as we
lay in bed, Stephanie reminisced about the spanking and fucking the two guys
gave her and whether it was true or just flattering me she admitted the part
she liked the best was when I used her as my own personal urinal.� 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  5
  1959
  11168
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  93
  26
  13101
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Stephanie my slut
slave 03.

&nbsp;

It was about
three months later, when I received a call from John at the tattoo studio, A
woman had been in, seen the tattoo picture of Stephanie and was deciding
whether to have it done to herself, but had strangely asked if it was possible
to see the tattoo in the flesh. John had initially said I doubt the couple
would be willing for that to happen but to keep the client happy, he promised
he would phone and ask.

&nbsp;

�Is the woman
there in the studio now� I asked.

&nbsp;

�Yes, she seems
impatient to see your slut!� John replied.

&nbsp;

�Put her on the
phone, John please� I asked.

&nbsp;

A female voice
said �Hello�.

&nbsp;

�Hello to you
too, what is this that you want to see my slave�s tattoo�s� I enquired. �We do
not do live modeling!� I added.

&nbsp;

�Oh, Sorry
master� she suddenly said, when she realized that she was speaking to the
slave�s master and not the slave. �I wonder if I may be able to meet with you
to discuss this problem I have!� she continued. 

&nbsp;

�Be outside the
studio at 7.00pm tonight.� I Said. �I will expect you to adhere to my strict
dress code, you may wear a full length coat, nothing underneath this, fail to
do this and you will not get to see my slut�s tattoo up close and in the flesh�
I warned.

&nbsp;

�Yes master, your
slut will obey!� she replied.

&nbsp;

I stood there
stunned, with the phone still in my hand, what was the world coming to that
women were falling over themselves to put themselves into the roles of sluts
with complete strangers. Well we would see tonight, I thought.

&nbsp;

I called
Stephanie to come and prepare for tonight�s fun. She was instructed to wear a
button down the front dress and nothing else. Her pussy rings would be locked
up tight concealing a pair of Ben Wah balls which would react as she walked.
Her mouth would be locked up just before we reached the studio and she would
travel as normal in the boot of my car.

&nbsp;

At 6.30 pm I
parked the car in full view of the front of the Studio, I had taken the liberty
of calling John back and getting him to point out the woman by touching both
her shoulders at 7.oopm. Right on schedule, the woman appeared and looking
decidedly uneasy walked across the front of the studio a couple of times before
going in to see if I was there. John immediately came out and placed both hands
on her shoulders, before going back into his shop.

&nbsp;

I climbed out of
my car and walked slowly round to the back, opened the boot and allowed
Stephanie to climb out, I immediately fastened the gold coloured padlock
through her two lip rings and then instructed her to undo three out of every
four buttons, starting at the top. This meant that as she walked the dress
flashed bits of flesh normally concealed below.

&nbsp;

We walked slowly
over the road towards the woman. She looked in my direction and then hurried
inside the studio; I entered just seconds behind her. I walked up to her and
introduced myself as Master Ray. She immediately gazed down to the floor and
said �I am Serena, master but you can call me what ever you like!�

&nbsp;

�Open your coat
and show me that you have obeyed my wishes� I demanded.

&nbsp;

She opened the
coat and proved to me she was stark naked beneath. Her shaven pussy already
looked extremely wet, her 38D breasts tipped with rock hard nipples. I told her
to remove the coat fully while I called Stephanie to come to me. I ordered
Stephanie to remove her dress and instructed Serena she had five minutes to
look at the tattoos but she was not allowed to touch Stephanie in any way. 

&nbsp;

After 5 minutes,
I instructed Stephanie to cover up, I spoke to Serena asking if she had made
her mind up, again she shocked me by saying �Master what would you do with this
body!� holding wide open her coat. 

&nbsp;

John chipped in.
�I know what I would do with it!� he announced.

&nbsp;

I ignored his
comment and replied �Surely you should be asking your master this question and
not me!� 

&nbsp;

�But I want you
to become my master, Anyone who can create such a beautiful work of art as you
have with your living slut statue, would be the ideal master for me� she
panted. Stephanie shook her head in disagreement and obvious jealousy.

&nbsp;

�Very well, if
your going to be my sex slut there are some strong ground rules!� I advised. I
turned to Stephanie and unlocked her mouth padlock, placing a finger over my
lips to indicate she should be quiet. 

&nbsp;

I turned back to
Serena and said �Slut Stephanie, inform Slut Serena of my particular rules and
the consequences of disobeying them�

&nbsp;

�My Benevolent
Lord and Master, demands total obedience, in mind, body and soul!� she began.
�He issues an order and expects no hesitation in having his wishes carried out,
failure will result in branding like this!� she turned and raised her dress hem
line to show the four straight brand scars in the crack of her anal cheeks.

&nbsp;

�My Benevolent
Lord and Master, uses you as his property and as such you will be marked as his
property by these tattoo�s and pierced parts� she continued as she unbuttoned
her dress and again flashed her nipple rings, pussy rings and she had to
explain about her clit ring.

&nbsp;

I stepped forward
and whispered in Stephanie�s ear, immediately she began jogging on the spot and
her breathing started to become shallow and quick. Stop I commanded and she
instantly stopped jogging. I reached into her groin area and unlocked the pussy
padlock.

&nbsp;

�Remove the item�
I commanded and Stephanie immediately pulled her cunt lips apart and squeezing
her cunt muscles she expelled the Ben Wah balls into my hand. I showed them to
Serena and then popped them into Stephanie�s mouth. Where she sucked her own
juices from them, before I then fastened her mouth padlock trapping the wires
of the balls on the outside of the lock so she would not accidentally swallow
the 2 in circular objects.

&nbsp;

�If you�re happy
to continue and become my number two slut, then we must proceed to let John
mark you as my property� I informed Serena. Slightly trembling she nodded and
stepped forward.

&nbsp;

�Stop, who told
you to move!� I snapped. �Remove your coat and then go sit in the tattooist
chair� I commanded.

&nbsp;

�Yes, Benevolent
Master� she responded. I thought this bitch is a quick learner or a smarmy
bitch!

&nbsp;

John was informed
of the wording I wanted on Serena�s 38D breasts, I insisted on the ink being
set as bright red. I toyed for a while about her cunt message. John was about
to apply the freeze spray pain relief when I stopped him and said �My Bitch can
do without any freezing as she is only being tattooed�

&nbsp;

He nodded and set
to work, I finally decided upon the message to go above her cunt, and whispered
the details to John. After an hour of the buzz of the electronic needles the
designs were complete. I instructed Serena to stand up and face me. Yes it was
perfect, even if I say so myself. Around her left nipple it read �PINCH HERE�
whilst her right nipple read �TWIST NIPPLE HARD� and finally above her cunt it
read �MY MASTER�S CUM SLUT�.

&nbsp;

Serena began to
move towards her coat when I again stopped her and told her that was the second
mistake she had made and now she would have to be punished. I informed her that
her punishment would take place tonight at my home, but first there was the
small matter of her bits being pierced. 

&nbsp;

John apologized
saying the guy who does that was not here today, but would be tomorrow morning
at 9.00 am. I told Serena to pay for her tattoo�s and don�t forget the blowjob
tip for John being so patient with my cum slut. As tomorrow was Sunday this was
not a problem and so I picked up Serena�s coat and demanded Stephanie�s dress.

&nbsp;

I watched as she
sucked on John�s cock and as she accepted his load into her mouth I warned her
against swallowing it. Instead she was to transfer as much as possible to
Stephanie�s mouth with out me unlocking her mouth. I then allowed her to
swallow the rest and ordered them both to follow me.

&nbsp;

I walked out the
studio and across the road, throwing their clothes in the back and I made
Stephanie climb in the boot whilst Serena waited nervously looking around. I
would have sworn blind that Stephanie took almost twice as long getting in the
boot as was necessary. Obviously she knew that the longer she took the more
Serena was going to be on display. 

&nbsp;

I then had Serena
climb in the boot, but with her head towards the feet of Stephanie. I warned
them no talking or both would suffer extra when we got home.

&nbsp;

I decided to take
a drive before going home and went for a short drive through Epping Forest
which at the best of times is a bumpy old ride but for the two naked females in
the boot so tightly packed together it must have been far worse. I pulled into
a parking area and stopped the car, waited ten minutes before getting out and
then opening the boot. 

&nbsp;

I ordered both
girls out of the car and removed a long length of soft Japanese silk rope tying
both Stephanie�s hands together, I looped the rope through the towing bracket
of the car and then tied the other end to Serena�s hands, tying them together
also.

&nbsp;

I then informed
them that I was going to now drive home at a leisurely pace and they should jog
to keep up. I warned them that I would not stop if one of them fell over so the
should be really careful not to do so. Stephanie tried to say something but the
balls in her mouth and the mouth padlock prevented her. I thought fair�s fair
better make this an even contest so both could breath as easily as each other,
so I unlocked the padlock and removed the balls.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
suddenly blurted out that it was a good ten miles to our house. Serena suddenly
began begging me not to do this as she had never jogged ten miles in her life
and she was sure she would fall over from exhaustion. Stephanie too begging not
to have to go through this, she admitted fearing that if Serena fell over the
stress on the rope would cause her to fall also.

&nbsp;

I announced �ok
then you want to get out of this, the alternative is double punishment at home,
24 spanks where I choose and four brands again where I choose.� 

&nbsp;

Serena instantly
agreed, but Stephanie was less eager to agree. She knew I had previously
threatened to brand her pussy lips as a punishment and only agreed not to on
payment of double the punishment elsewhere. That time it ended up with me
sticking straight dress maker�s pins directly into her breasts. 12 in each
breast had almost been too much for her.

&nbsp;

Reluctantly
Stephanie agreed, so I then announced that I would slowly drive from here to
the edge of the forest then and they could walk behind my car not attached to
the car but they would have their hands bound behind their backs. They both
readily agreed and as soon as I had retied them as I wanted I added �By the
way, the car park I will pull up at has around 30 to 40 bikers who regularly
turn out on a Saturday night, so you will have a great audience to see your
arrival.�

&nbsp;

With that I got
in the car and slowly drove out of the parking area and down the country lanes.
I kept checking in my mirror and could see the pair of them trying to keep up
about 10 feet behind my car and they were chatting to each other. I assumed
they were trying to agree what would happen when they got to the car park.

&nbsp;

About one hundred
yards from the car park I pulled over to the side of the road and got out, I
waited for them to catch up before opening the boot and ordering them to climb
in, this time Serena went first. Just as she got her legs in the boot a biker
drove passed and slowed right down as she passed. 20 yards down the road he
turned round and came back towards us, he pulled over and removing his helmet
he called out �Ray, is that you! You old wanker!� I looked him over and saw it
was Roger who had been in charge of the group previously. (SEE Story called
TRAINING OF A CUM SLUT).

&nbsp;

He gave both
girls the once over and asked if I had ever heard back from Karen. I admitted
that I had not heard a word in two years, but I did get the impression that her
new master was jealous of the affection Karen always showed me. He asked if I
was going in the car park as the whole crew were there, I confessed that I was
not planning to as these two are just trainee slaves and not ready for that
stage of development. He gave me a number to call him on and after I promised
to give him a call he rode off.

&nbsp;

Both girls now
continued to get in the boot and once the lid was closed I drove home. When we
arrived home, I unlocked the boot, untied the girls and had them go stand by my
front door whilst I located a few things from inside the car. I then walked
over and unlocked the front door before leading them into the kitchen.
Stephanie anticipating what was coming next, quickly got out the pliers and six
inch nail.�� 

&nbsp;

I told her to put
them away as I had found a better method of delivering my punishment and
tonight it would be tested to the full. I told them firstly to go to the shower
room and shower each other; I stressed the cleaning of each others cunt and
arse, as I would be inspecting them later.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile I went
up to my workshop where I had been working on my punishment machine. 

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  4
  1334
  7605
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  63
  17
  8922
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Stephanie my slut
slave 04.

&nbsp;

As the two sluts
showered and I suspect played with each others bodies, I prepared my little
surprise for them both. I had designed and built a shock machine, a machine to
give a small electric shock with out any amps being present. After all it�s not
the voltage that kills you in an electric shock but just one quarter of a
mille-amp.

&nbsp;

The wooden case
style box contained a step down transformer from 240 volts AC to 110 volts DC,
a sliding resistor to vary the strength of the shock and two banks of four
output sockets switched to enable them to be turned on or off, for the jack
plug type plugs. Also included were two bullet shaped metal probes with wire
coming from the back end leading to two jack plugs and six crocodile clip type
probes again wired to the jack plug connection. 

&nbsp;

I had tested this
out on myself and found that on quarter power it was (Pardon the pun) Shocking,
on half power it was unbearable and on full power it stung like thousands of
razor sharp teeth around the area where the probes were attached. But it was
definitely safe from causing electric shock induced heart attacks.

&nbsp;

I opened the door
to the shower room and told the two sluts to quit the shower now as they had
been in there for over half an hour. I wheeled in my little cart and set the
system up making sure the resistor was set on low. 

&nbsp;

I order the sluts
to use the squeegee to dry off the floor as much as possible and then turned to
Serena and instructed her to kneel before me. She went down on one knee
trembling as she looked at the selection of wires, meters and knobs. I showed
her the bullet shaped probes and placed one in each hand, placing those hands
behind my back, I explained one was stamped with an �A� and the other with a
�C�. She was to pick one hand and if she got the �A� the probe would be pushed
into her arse, if she chose the �C� it would be shoved up her cunt. Which ever
one she did not pick would be used on Stephanie.

&nbsp;

She chose my left
hand and revealing it, I got Serena to read the letter stamped into its base.
�C� she read aloud. I showed the other one to Stephanie and she saw the letter
�A� on the base of that one. I then reached between Serena�s legs and slowly
pushed the three inch bullet shaped probe up her pussy as far as possible;
including the length of my index finger to make sure it reached its maximum
depth. I plugged the corresponding jack plug into the bank of sockets marked
positive. I then took a crocodile clip probe and attached the clip end to
Serena�s left nipple before plugging its plug into the negative socket.

&nbsp;

I ordered
Stephanie to kneel before me and repeated the procedure on her with the �A�
probe going into her anus. Again the crocodile clip was applied to her left
nipple. I told them both, we are now going to play truth or dare. You both
answer my questions truthfully or dare to lie and suffer the consequences. I
did point out that one problem they both had was that they had to convince me
what they said was the truth or I would treat it as a dared lie.

&nbsp;

I tossed a coin
and Serena lost the toss, so Stephanie was asked if she wanted to go first or
second; she chose to go second.

&nbsp;

�Serena� I began.
�Why did you really want to see the tattoo designs on Stephanie?�

&nbsp;

�My benevolent
Master, I wanted it as an excuse to introduce myself to you and try to persuade
you to take me on for training as a cum slut!� she replied.

&nbsp;

�Truth Accepted,
or at least 50% truth accepted� I responded.

&nbsp;

�Stephanie. What
did you truly think when you heard the telephone conversation about us meeting
another submissive?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�My Lord and
Master, I honestly thought you were disappointed in me and were going to
replace me with some other bitch!� she said.

&nbsp;

�Partial truth
accepted, I think your real reason was you were jealous of the idea of you
sharing me with another female� I chided.

&nbsp;

�Penalties to you
both, as this machine only has one control knob, the penalty has to be the same
for both of you, so choose higher or lower settings, by the toss of this coin.
Is it to be heads the higher or heads the lower?� I asked.

&nbsp;

Stephanie wanted
Heads for the higher and Serena wanted Tails for the higher setting. I told
them to sort themselves out or I would just pick for them and they would not
like that at all.

&nbsp;

They both agreed
that heads would be for the higher settings and tails the lower settings. I
tossed the coin and it came down on tails, I smiled and admitted they were
lucky because they way this will work is that after each of them has answered a
question, and been awarded a percentage power ratio, because the coin had
allowed them the lower value they would receive the lower percentage power
shock.

&nbsp;

Now as Serena�s
answer warranted a 50% power shock and Stephanie�s a 75% power shock, because
they won the lower range then the power would be set to the lower figure, but
be warned that if I think you are lying through your hind teeth, the maximum
power will be used irrespective of what the other person scored. 

&nbsp;

I then adjusted
the power on the unit to 50% and told them to get into position on hands and
knees, I did not want the first shock to cause a panic and have one of them
fall over smashing their head against the tiled walls. When they were in place
I switch both sets of leads on, their body trembled as it was shocked and both
let out a scream. I counted to twenty and switched the leads off.

&nbsp;

Both sluts
settled again as I said �Get the idea, sluts�

&nbsp;

�Stephanie, what
did you feel like when you displayed yourself to this woman for the first time,
having never been with a woman before today?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�Shocked and
excited, my benevolent Lord and Master, I wanted so much to please you that I
overcame my worry of what she may do to me!� she answered.

&nbsp;

�Truth accepted�
I remarked.

&nbsp;

�Serena, what
were your thoughts as you were finally tattooed, to my specifications today?� I
enquired.

&nbsp;

�Absolute fear
and loathing, not for you but for that John as he engraved the design on my
flesh!� she responded. Stephanie looked aghast as she realized that Serena had
forgotten my salutations.

&nbsp;

�Falsehood
demanded, you will show me the respect I deserve, slut!� I snapped.

&nbsp;

I immediately
turned the power up to maximum and flicked both switches to on slowly this time
counting to twenty-five. The convulsions the shocks caused led to both girls
losing control of their respective bladders and actually peeing o the floor. I
switched off the leads, and looked down at the two pools of golden yellow piss,
now beginning to slowly make its way to the drain hole in the far corner.

&nbsp;

I snapped
�Bitches, you will immediately lick up your own piss and if you don�t do a good
job, I will set the power to max and leave it running for three minutes.�

&nbsp;

Both girls
quickly began lapping like little doggies as the cleaned up their urine spillages.


&nbsp;

�One final
question to you both; who is my best cum sucking slut bucket out of the pair of
you?� I jested.

&nbsp;

They both looked
at each other and knew that they could not avoid one of them telling a lie, it
was Stephanie who responded first.

&nbsp;

�My Lord and
Benevolent Master, surely that is for you to decide after all we are both just
worthless pieces of trashy womanhood compared to your magnificent self!� she
answered.

&nbsp;

�Yes, Lord and
Master of our bodies, the decision has to be your choice oh mighty wise one.
Truthfully you can only judge Stephanie as you have not tested me much, sir!�
she answered hopefully.

&nbsp;

�Falsehood it
is!� I responded �for I have seen you in action on John�s cock and with
Stephanie in the shower, enough to have formed my own opinion!�

&nbsp;

I moved the dial
to 25% with out the girls seeing and as they prepared for the repeat massive
shock, they teased their muscles only to receive a mild tingling dose. I did
tell them to French kiss each other though as they were being shocked and it
was wicked to see the immediate jolt to their tongues as they tried to do so. I
laughed as I said �they always said Electricity and water do not mix!�

&nbsp;

I packed away the
machine and insisted that they use their mouths to remove each other�s probes,
the ones on their tits proved no problems but the one up Stephanie�s arse was
very tricky for Serena so I suggested that Stephanie thrust as though going for
shit, eventually the probe came free but a little shit came along with it into
Serena�s mouth I made her then pass this to Stephanie�s mouth.

&nbsp;

Then Stephanie
ended up with a mouthful of Serena�s piss as she returned the favour of
thrusting to eject the probe. Again I instructed them to share the mouthful.

&nbsp;

I took the sluts
up stairs tying them into a sixty nine position on the bed before fucking each
of them in turn up the cunt, the other had to wash my cock with their tongue as
I fucked the pussy before their eyes. We eventually dropped off to sleep around
4.00 am.

&nbsp;

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:32:00Z
  5
  1958
  11167
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  93
  26
  13099
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Stephanie my slut
slave 05.

&nbsp;

�Before going to sleep the night before, I
forgot to untie the two sluts and as a result both woke up at 7.30 am with
severe cramping in their arms and wrists. Seeing any form of apology as a sign
of weakness, I shrugged my shoulders and informed them that it must have been
the way they had turned during the night. 

&nbsp;

I now released
them and ordered Stephanie to go make me a cup of tea and a couple of toast.
Reluctantly she climbed out of bed and I could tell she hated the idea of
leaving Serena behind with me. 

&nbsp;

When Stephanie
had left the room, I told Serena to stand by my side of the bed and to part her
legs. I then placed my hand horizontally straight out between her legs and told
her to rub her cunt against my hand. I informed her that I wanted to feel her
juices flowing over my hand. She slowly began to rock her hips against my hand
but as I kept dropping my hand away she was having difficulty in maintaining
contact between her pussy lips and it.

&nbsp;

She sorted of
grunted in displeasure as my hand slipped away once again. I pulled my hand
back and snapped �You complaining about my teasing, you bitch!�

&nbsp;

She realized I
had caught her out, and she mumbled �Sorry, My lord and benevolent Master. It
was just so frustrating to have your hand removed just as my juices began to
flow.� 

&nbsp;

Just then
Stephanie returned, I instructed her to get my 10 inch paddle from its storage
and she was to apply six slaps to each of Serena�s arse cheeks in turn,
followed by a further six to each nipple. I then told Serena to bend over and
hold her ankles. 

&nbsp;

Stephanie fetched
the Paddle and standing off to Serena�s side, she shaped up to apply the first
slap. She put all her effort into the initial stroke, waited to see the
reddening cheek blush before repeating the same ferocious slap on her other bum
cheek. So she alternated the shots, left then right as Serena counted out the
strokes with a trembling voice. 

&nbsp;

By the time
Serena counted twelve, I stopped the action and surprised Stephanie when I
demanded the roles be reversed. Stephanie handed the paddle to Serena and
secretly regretted the force she had used on Serena�s bum cheeks, because she
now knew it would come back with interest. 

&nbsp;

Stephanie counted
out the twelve strokes as she own cheeks became an angry deep red colour. At
the count of twelve, again I stopped them and reversed the roles once more with
Stephanie now to punish Serena�s breasts. She aimed her hard slaps against her
opposite numbers nipples, trying to repay the pain emanating from her own arse
cheeks. At the count of six I simply said change and they swapped roles and
Stephanie began her count. 

&nbsp;

Again at six I
stopped and announced change, where Serena took the paddle and pounded the hits
onto Stephanie�s nipples, well to be honest it was a mismatch as poor Stephanie
had the nipple rings to contend with. So again at the count of six I ordered
them to switch. When Serena counted her six hits, she expected to be handed the
paddle for her final six at Stephanie�s nipples. Instead I called a halt to the
action, explaining that Serena had the advantage as she had no nipple rings to
aim for and therefore I deemed the action equal as it stood.

&nbsp;

I finished my
breakfast and ordered the two of them to kiss and make up, then go shower
together. I informed them I would be joining them shortly and they would be
washing me but drying me off with their tongues.

&nbsp;

The two hugged
each other and kissed open mouthed; then hand in hand they went down to the
shower room. I finished my cup of tea and slowly got out of bed and made my way
down to the shower room. The two sluts were busy washing each other as I
entered the room. I stepped between them and they immediately began soaping me
and Stephanie made sure she was the soaping my balls, whilst Serena began
soaping my anus.

&nbsp;

After the shower,
I informed them that it was time to go have my latest piece of furniture
properly marked. Serena, you�re unlucky because where Stephanie had her nipples
and cunt pierced and then later had her mouth done, yours would be done all at
once. 

&nbsp;

I ordered both
sluts to dress identically with a blouse and skirt but no other underwear. I
then took a pair of scissors and cut off all but the middle two of all the
buttons on each blouse. This meant they were held shut by only two buttons
straining against the size of their breasts.

&nbsp;

I then walked out
to the car opened the boot and informed them to climb in. Just then my next
Door neighbour Robbie, can over to talk to me and he watched as the two sluts
tried to get into the boot without flashing their naked pussies or too much of
their tits. Robbie and I were real good mates as well as neighbors and he knew
full well what I was into and in fact was on my list of male stars for my
filming company.

&nbsp;

So it was not
really a surprise for him to see me making two women climb scantily clad into
my boot, in fact it egged him on to stand there staring at the two of them
embarrassing then further. 

&nbsp;

I apologized to
Robbie saying �Cum Slut Serena has an appointment with a body piercing guy in
ten minutes and would have to be punished if she were late� 

&nbsp;

He smiled and
nodded. I promised him a full view of the handy work when we returned. He said
�I will hold you to that!�

&nbsp;

I drove off and
soon discovered all though it was Sunday morning there was absolutely no where
to park close to the tattoo studio, so it meant a five minute walk to the
studio from the car park. I decided to use this by making them walk there with
their blouses unbuttoned, and their hands clasped behind their backs. They were
warned that they would not be allowed to release their hands once they began
walking no mater what happened and if they did they could expect serious
punishment.

&nbsp;

Stephanie to be
honest had a slight advantage as her breast were not as large as Serena�s so to
even the score a little, I folded over Stephanie�s skirt so the edge of her
pussy was level with the edge of her skirt. As she walked you could clearly see
her cunt, flashing from its hiding place.

&nbsp;

We slowly walked
towards the studio, with me on several occasions making them turn round and
walk back to me, as if they had walked that bit too fast. Eventually we reached
the studio and entered. Stephanie instantly went over to the place where she
had sat on the floor previously and sat there crossed legged.

&nbsp;

Stephanie stood
watching, I ordered Stephanie to stand, reminding her that I never told her to
sit anywhere. She came over to me and apologized, I told both sluts to strip
off and drop their clothes on the floor where they stood.

&nbsp;

I placed these
clothes in a bag and pointed out to The Guy who did the piercing that this is
what I wanted on Serena, an exactly copy of every pierced bit of Stephanie.
Stephanie begged to be allowed to have the freeze spray and I pointed out that
if Stephanie could take the pain with minimum of freezing the she should also.

&nbsp;

I noticed that
Johnny was standing off to one side looking at the action and he caught my eye
indicating that I should follow him. I instructed the girls to remain as they
were and not to move, until I returned.

&nbsp;

Johnny showed me
some stuff that a traveling salesman had left as a sample for him to display
and take orders for. There were whips, leather corsetry, satin Basques as well
as other bits of BDSM materials. I instantly picked up the two face masks and
the Japanese silk rope. Johnny said �please accept them as my gift to you and
what about two Basques for the girls�

&nbsp;

I responded
�Johnny, this is me! Ray, what do you want in exchange for these gifts? No one
gives things like this away for nothing!� 

&nbsp;

He smiled and
said �You got me there Ray, I am having a private party at my house on Friday
night, and it�s a bachelor night for my younger brother Freddie.� �He gets
married a week on Wednesday and I wanted this to be special so I was wondering
if you and your sluts would be there to provide the entertainment�

&nbsp;

I called out to
Stephanie and asked her to come to me. She now stood before me and I asked
�Johnny here wants you and Serena to be the entertainment for a bachelor party
next Friday night, what do you think about that!�

&nbsp;

�Master, it is
your choice, my only aim in life is to serve you my lord and Master!� she
replied.

&nbsp;

�Go ask Serena!�
I demanded.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
returned saying that �Serena says yes master, if it is your wish, she would be
happy to show the world her obedience of her master�s wishes!�

&nbsp;

Johnny then added
�As there will be thirteen guys present I think I can guarantee you �60 per guy
or �780.00 in total�

&nbsp;

I replied �You
guarantee me nothing, the money would go to Stephanie and Serena equally�
Adding �I am their Master not their pimp!�

&nbsp;

Stephanie
instantly agreed and Serena also agreed after her appointment with the piercing
needle. I laid down a few rules of my own; that any sex would be with the use
of condom only and all used condoms would be tied and saved in iced water to be
taken away with the girls at the end of the night. 

&nbsp;

I also stipulated
that the girls should be respected and not aimlessly punished, just for the
sake of it. In fact I would have to insist on being there to veto any
punishments. 

&nbsp;

Johnny and I
arranged all the details by the time that Serena finally finished having her
last piercing done. I made her parade her charms off to all three of us men and
allowed Stephanie to give Johnny a blowjob in exchange for the things he had
given her. Serena was soon on her knees sucking the piercing guy�s cock. Both
girls took the full loads in their mouths without swallowing and then turned
and opened their mouths towards me showing the full loads contained within.

&nbsp;

I ordered them to
swap the loads from mouth to mouth and then shocked the two guys in the studio
by instructing the girls to give the two guys a French kiss before swallowing
the spunk.

&nbsp;

Both guys tried
to protest, but the sluts wasted no time in carrying out their tasks.

&nbsp;

I then walked the
naked collared and leashed sluts back to my car where again they were ordered
into the boot. I left them there whilst I went and did a little shopping. As I
approached my car really quietly, I could hear them discussing next Friday,
with Stephanie saying that as she was number 1 slut she would tell Serena what
she was allowed to do.

�

&nbsp;

They suddenly
fell quiet when I coughed as I approached the car, and slid into the driver�s
seat before pulling away and driving home. I spotted Robbie as I pulled up and
waved him over, tossing him the car keys to open the boot of the car. Meanwhile
I walked straight in door and waited in the living room.

&nbsp;

Robbie, Stephanie
and Serena eventually came in after some twenty minutes. I had the two sluts
stand in front of me and informed them I had heard their conversation whilst
they waited for me in the car park. I turned to Stephanie and slapped her face,
informing her she had status unless I gave it to her and as such she would be
punished here and now by Robbie. Serena immediately looked to the floor and
said �Master, I apologise I should have told you before about my past life, I
was with a black guy and he made me sell my body on the streets� she cried.

&nbsp;

�I was not around
to hear that bit!� I announced. �But yes you should have told me! I do not take
kindly to sluts of mine keeping secrets from me!� you both need to be punished
and so you shall. 

&nbsp;

I instructed
Stephanie to fetch the chair from the shower room and Serena to fetch the
straight pins. When both girls had gone I told Robbie to follow my lead and
copy exactly what I did as their punishments. He nodded.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
returned with the chair and placed it in the centre of the room just as Serena
handed me the straight pins. I instructed Serena to sit down on the chair and
had Stephanie tie her hands behind the back of the chair. I then took a
straight pin and gave the next one to Robbie. I then felt Stephanie�s right
breast and squeezing it, stuck the pin in about 2 inches from her nipple, when
I say stuck the pin in I mean stuck the pin head in some inch or so. I stopped
and invited Robbie to do the same but on her left breast.

So on we went
until Serena had eight needles in each breast and six in her pussy lips.

&nbsp;

Then I untied
Serena and got her to tie up Stephanie the same. I handed the pins to Robbie
and had him repeat the process of Stephanie, whilst I made a couple of phone
calls. I then got some electrical wires and bared each end wrapping the bared
brown wire around a nipple pin and the bared blue wire around a pussy pin.
Locating my shock box, I then applied crocodile clips to the free ends of the
wires and placed the brown wire into the positive side and the blue wire to the
negative side , I shocked Stephanie several times and each on was slightly
longer than the last.

&nbsp;

I then repeated
this on Serena with Robbie applying the shocks. I could see Robbie was now
sporting an impressive erection and informed the girls to take him upstairs and
give him oral relief for his rock hard cock.�


&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niteowluk2003


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





