BDSM Library - Discipline Correspondant




Discipline Correspondant
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Female sub seeks punishment and learning over the internet








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-06-28T12:42:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:42:00Z
  4
  1092
  6226
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  51
  14
  7304
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

The Submissive
woman after searching the internet located an interesting site. She could not
believe her eyes, it was exactly what she was looking for discipline orientated
site that would actually tailor its levels to the Sub.

&nbsp;

Eagerly she
joined and filled out her Submissive questionnaire. The next few hours were
exquisite torture for her, what would be her first lesson. And would she be
able to complete the tasks, if not what would they demand as a punishment.

&nbsp;

Eventually she
checked her email account and eagerly opened the email marked �FIRST LESSON�.

&nbsp;

It read:�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Here is the first
lesson in your Discipline correspondence!

&nbsp;

COMMAND.

&nbsp;

As your
correspondence MASTER, you will follow my exact directions or face the fury of
my displeasure.

&nbsp;

PREPARATION.

&nbsp;

Freshly shave
your cunt, and then shower douche both your cunt and arse. Dress in a light
summer frock, preferably one which buttons down the front and comes no lower
than 8 inches above the knee. You will spend the next few hours meditating
about your recent slutty behaviour. You will stop playing with yourself for a
period of 24 hrs, but will read at least 3 erotic stories during this period. 

&nbsp;

EXECUTION.

&nbsp;

Further more only
after 2 hours have elapsed from the last story you read, you will insert the
handle of your hairbrush in to your pussy. Fuck yourself with it until on the
verge of Cumming. You will not however cum. You may remove the hairbrush, you
will need it later.

&nbsp;

You� will then un button your frock, expose your
body in the privacy of your own bed room and take a ping pong bat apply six
slaps on each cheek with sufficient force to cause your cheeks to flush pink
and become warm to the touch.

&nbsp;

Take your bat
with you, remove your frock stand naked in the corner, and face into the corner
on tiptoe with your lips (Mouth) touching the wall. Wait there 10 minutes and
then apply a further 3 slaps harder than before on your cheeks. After this you
may come off your tiptoes, you will then turn around pressing your red cheeks
tightly to the wall and taking the hairbrush handle in your hand, use the back
of the hairbrush to spank your cunt lips. Apply six such strokes hard enough to
tingle.

&nbsp;

All the time your
standing in the corner you must repeat to yourself �I am a very naughty little
slut, My Master is right to punish me. I must stop thinking about sucking and
fucking Cocks�

&nbsp;

Remain standing
in the corner for a further 30 minutes.

&nbsp;

Reflection.

&nbsp;

Reflect upon the
reason you were punished in this manner, confess your recent sins and explain
why you are genuinely sorry for your outrageous behaviour in flashing innocent
people. Reflect on why you do this.

&nbsp;

Finally

&nbsp;

Diary,

&nbsp;

Email me extracts
of your diary on how you feel being told to self punish yourself in this
manner, your feelings and thoughts should also be included�

&nbsp;

Conclusion.

&nbsp;

Await my replies
and pleasure/displeasure.

&nbsp;

This ends your
first lesson and I expect a detailed diary to be in my email tray within 48
hours. 

&nbsp;

Her Reply.

&nbsp;

Master, I enclose
the extracts of my diary for your viewing. Please do not think too badly of me.

&nbsp;

Diary entry.

&nbsp;

In the last two
weeks I have sucked six cocks, in an adult theatre. This has happened on three
occasions, the shop owner now lets me have free viewing in the boxes as he
knows that his male customers pay extra to get the box either side of mine. I
only seem to come alive with a fully hard male member stuck in my mouth trying
to get down into my stomach.

&nbsp;

I was almost
caught flashing to two old men, on Saturday, in the Mall. God I thought one of
them was going to have a heart attack. His face went quite red, and he had
difficulty breathing. I managed to avoid the security guard by ducking through
a loading bay door and out the back. I don�t know whether its fact I was
flashing or the fact that I almost got caught, but I was so hot and my pussy
yearned for my fingers. I had three strong orgasms when I reached home.

&nbsp;

I know now I need
to be made to stop because I feel that I can not prevent this being repeated by
myself. The thrills get better with each daring thing I do! I am sure if
unchecked I will try streaking through the mall and probably get caught on
purpose.

&nbsp;

The thought of
being in a closed room stark naked with the arresting security officer, while
he tries to get my details from me enthralls me no end. I could imagine the
security officers offering to cut a deal to fuck me in exchange for letting me
go. The thought of having to surrender my cunt or ass in order to avoid the public
scandal of a 30 year old woman being charged with streaking, is already making
my cunt tingle.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

These images
flashing through my mind, Master, make me want and need an understanding but
firm man to take total control of my body.

&nbsp;

Please Master tell
me what I should do?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Slave girl Tammy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

My Reply was as
follows:�

&nbsp;

Hi Tammy,

&nbsp;

You really are a
slutty naughty girl, in order to purge these thoughts from your minds eye; you
will follow the following instructions. To the letter, mind.

&nbsp;

You will go
shower, make sure your cunt is properly shaved and taking bright red lipstick,
write just above your cunt �I AM A SLUT�. Then you will take your two favourite
toys and stick on up your arse, and the second up your cunt, use what ever
means you need to, to hold them in place but your Cunt must be still on
display.

&nbsp;

Your tits should
be spanked using the paddle or ping-pong bat and then three spring loaded
clothes pegs should be attached as close to your nipple as possible, repeat the
same to the other breast. 

&nbsp;

When this is
completed, turn on both toys and then go stand outside in your back garden for
an hour. Don�t forget to add this to your diary.

&nbsp;

Your Master.

&nbsp;

Next day.

&nbsp;

Hi Master,

&nbsp;

I carried out
your wishes, but again nearly got caught as my neighbour heard a noise and came
into his back garden with a flashlight. I managed to hide behind a bush till he
went back in.

&nbsp;

My desires to
steak, Master, seem much less today. Although I was naughty last night making
myself come thinking of what would have happened if my neighbour would have
found me. He is a school teacher so I could not help but imagine the discipline
he would have inflicted upon my quivering body.

&nbsp;

Master as I write
this, my cunt aches to be played with, my nipples are already hard. I fear the
dark of the night as my desires seem so much stronger during those hours.

&nbsp;

I know I am not
worthy, Master, but if only you could come to me and restrain me during the
darkness hours, preventing me from giving in to my weaknesses.

&nbsp;

Your Slave Tammy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Slave Tammy,

&nbsp;

You really are
testing my patience, as tomorrow is Saturday; you will present your self to me
out side the war memorial in St James Park, at 3 pm sharp. You will be wearing
a skirt no longer than 8 inches in length. You will be wearing a semi
transparent blouse; no underwear is to be allowed. However you will make sure
your wearing clip on earrings on each of your nipples.

&nbsp;

I will then
escort you to a more private place and will issue instructions once there.

&nbsp;

This is non
negotiable and must be undertaken, no excuses or delays. A word of warning, do
not be late or incur my displeasure.

&nbsp;

Your Master.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-06-28T12:42:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:42:00Z
  3
  1247
  7111
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  59
  16
  8342
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter 2.

&nbsp;

At 2.50pm Ray
(Tammy�s Master) arrived and took a seat close by the War memorial in St James
Park and waited. With only one minute to go he spotted Tammy walking quickly
towards the memorial, where she then stood with her back to him. Quietly he
stood. Formed his right hand into an imitation gun and silently approached.
Sticking the finger into her back he said �Don�t Move!�

&nbsp;

She froze, and
did not try to run. She had no idea what her master looked or sounded like as
she was the only one to supply a photograph previously. He then told her �You
are Tammy? Right� 

&nbsp;

�Yes master� she
replied.

&nbsp;

�Then Turn slowly
round!� he commanded. As she turned and saw his finger, she burst out laughing.
He scanned her dress, the Blouse was adequately transparent but in the wrong
places as far as he was concerned. The skirt was of the required length and
without being told, Tammy raised the hem to show no underwear before quickly
dropping it.

&nbsp;

He took her arm
and led her away to an open sunny area, where he told her to sit on the bench,
spread her legs. �When I nod to you I want you to flash your cunt in my
direction! Slut� he informed her. She nodded, turned and sat down; he walked
five feet away and sat low on the ground, took his digital camera out of his
pocket and set it up. When ready he spotted two young men around 20 years of
age coming towards them. He waited until they were virtually upon them then
nodded to Tammy; she immediately flicked her skirt upwards revealing her cunt
to anyone looking in her direction.

&nbsp;

The dark haired
man nudged his mate, so he had obviously seen the whole thing, They Chuckled
but kept walking. I quickly flashed the camera and got the three of them in
shot including her exposed cunt. A further four times I had her flash as people
neared, before standing up and approaching her. I escorted her along the path
to where I had parked my car, and surprise, surprise the two men she flashed
initially where sat on a bench not far away. As we approached, the lighter
colour haired man said �Excellent scenery around here nowadays!� 

&nbsp;

His mate replied
�Yeah, and we are not even in the Cunt-try� loudly before laughing.

&nbsp;

I stopped Tammy
and spoke with the two guys, I made sure Tammy never heard the conversation,
before I took her arm and led her off towards the Bandstand which stands in St
James Park. Behind the Bandstand I informed Tammy, �I think you owe the two
guys something for exciting them so, you will remove your blouse and give each
a blowjob but only allow them to cum on your Tits! Is that understood?� She
nodded.

&nbsp;

As she began UN
buttoning her blouse, the two men arrived and stood watching her divest her
blouse. I spoke to them and told them the rules, they could play with her tits,
and receive in exchange a blow job each, but their loads had to be deposited
upon her tits, at which time they would dress and disappear. They agreed and
unzipped their trousers, pulled out their pricks and Tammy set about blowing
their wads. As she was sucking one, the other was pinching her nipples,
twisting and pulling them. Tammy never deviated in her mission to blow the
others cock, never made a sound, or lessened her efforts.

The first guy Tim
suddenly shuddered as her prick spewed forth its white mother load all over her
tits and some even landed on his mate�s hand, so I instructed her to lick his
hand clean. All the time taking pictures of the action, soon she was sucking
the second guys prick and being rewarded with a second load on her tits, her pink
skin streaked with white rivulets of sperm looked great on the photograph. The
two guys promptly adjusted their dress and thanking me they walked off,
probably with a treasured memory to cherish the rest of their lives.

&nbsp;

I instructed her
to replace her blouse, without cleaning up her tits. Then I quickly walked her
to my car and drove her to my house. Once there, I led her into my wet room and
tied her arms behind her back and pushed her under the shower set to cold. Her
blouse went completely see through as it became soaked, and she stood
shivering. I undid her bonds and allowed her to remove her soaking wet clothes;
I then gave her time to shower properly including warm water.

&nbsp;

When she was
finally finished and wrapped in a large fluffy towel, I led her to my guest bed
room where I had laid out some things, there were an arrangement of sex toys. I
allowed her to dry herself whilst I went down to the kitchen, returning with a
dish with ice cubes in. I turned to Tammy and ordered her arms folded behind
her back where I secured them with soft ropes. I noticed the medium sized butt
plug had been moved, so I picked it up, held it close to her face and said �I
see you�re intrigued by this, well you about to feel its full effect!�

&nbsp;

Tammy blushed,
�Yes Master� she replied.

&nbsp;

I took a tub of
tiger balm, removed a minute amount and ordered Tammy to turn around, spread
her legs and bend forward. I applied this minimal amount of balm to her anal
ring, before inserting the butt plug. I then immediately told her to stand turn
around and keep her legs open. A further minimal amount of balm was applied to
her nipples, cunt lips and base of her clit. Then I took a 10 inch black cock
shaped dildo and slowly inserted it into her cunt.

&nbsp;

I cleared the bed
and allowed her to lie down on her back, again with spread legs. I could see
the effects of the balm were beginning to work, one effect is to bring the
blood to the surface so her skin had a nice pink glow, another effect is
increased heat hence me using minimal amounts. I then took an ice cube and
lightly applied this to her nipple, fully aware that the contrast between the
heat being generated and the cold of the ice would feel exaggerated. It would
feel like agony fighting ecstasy.

&nbsp;

Tammy twitched,
as I traced the ice across to the other nipple, then slowly down towards her
shaven cunt and finally to the merest of contact with the tip of her clit. By
this time she was shuddering through her first climax, and a second soon
followed as I toyed with her nipples. I took a pair of vibrating nipple clamps
and attached them to her nipples, setting the level of vibration to medium. I
took a second ice cube and returned to the butterfly touches against her clit.

&nbsp;

Tammy began
moaning loudly as a series of climaxes wracked her body. I then said �I am
going to leave you now; you will stay here and enjoy. By the way, the tiger
balm takes 12 hours to wear off and this will help keep you on the boil!� as I
turned on the large dildo bulging her cunt.

&nbsp;

Every thirty
minutes I checked, on Tammy and slightly increased the speed of the vibrators,
until 2 hours later she was at full speed and the bed was shaking as her
climaxes rolled in to one non stop tremor running through her body. I eased the
dildo from her cunt; it was shiny with her cunt juice. I pushed it against her
lips and told her to suck it clean. I stopped the clamps vibrating, unclamped
them and eased the butt plug from her arse. I told her to rest for a while but
first I untied her arms, tucked her up in a duvet and allowed her to sleep.

&nbsp;

By 9.00 pm. I
gently woke her from her slumber, the room hung heavy with stale sweat and
sexual odour. I allowed her to shower and dress as I prepared a meal and we
spent a pleasant evening watching DVD�s. Tammy never sat by my feet and never
raised herself above this lowly position, even without my say so. Just around
midnight, we retired to my bed where I finally allowed Tammy to suck my cock; I
actually allowed her the privilege of sit upon my cock. I did warn her, this
was the only time she was going to be on top.

&nbsp;

Her cunt felt
wonderful as it swallowed my cock, tight and exquisitely soft but firm. She
rode me for thirty minutes as I pinched her nipples. I stopped her before I
climaxed and turned her over doggie style. I eased my aching prick into her
arse and pounded away at her until I felt the twitching in my balls and I
deposited a full day�s pent up passion in to her arse. Tammy immediately turned
and sucked clean my shrinking cock. 

&nbsp;

At 10 am, I drove
her to St James Park, kissed her and told her I awaited her report, and warned
her failure to produce a good enough report would receive adequate punishment.

&nbsp;

I returned home
alone.

&nbsp;

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-06-28T12:43:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:43:00Z
  3
  1047
  5973
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  49
  14
  7006
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter 3.

&nbsp;

Dear Master,

&nbsp;

Saturday started
really strangely for me, I woke up from dreaming about our meeting.

I trembled at the
thought of being in your presence and must confess nearly did not turn up,
However I did show and was glad I did.

&nbsp;

I Selected the
clothes you demanded I wear, took a shower making sure to clean not only my
pussy but I had three enema�s, self administered of course, to ensure my arse
was clean for you. I took my time in shaving my cunt for my master�s inspection
as I know any stray hairs would have cost me a punishment.

&nbsp;

I really did not
know what to expect when I met you, would you be cruel and make me undress at
the memorial or would you be kind and have a van where I would have to undress
in your privacy. As I thought of these things, I could not ease the tingling in
my cunt, a feeling that was to stay with me the whole day.

&nbsp;

As I know you do
not like your slaves wearing make up, I gave my face a peach scrub to remove
any traces and had to sit with it in place for 30 minutes, eyes closed and
imaging what you had planned. This increased the tingling from my cunt, knowing
I risked punishment for playing with myself, I resisted all temptation.

&nbsp;

Finally at 1 pm I
dressed as ordered and set off to our meet. I was really conscious of the fact
I had only two items of clothing covering my body. I am sure I had my arse
stroked deliberately as I was standing on the tube journey. I arrived at 2.30
pm and had to will myself not to walk directly to the Memorial. So I had a
coffee at the Cafeteria in the Park.

&nbsp;

Finally, I walked
up to the Memorial and waited, then I felt this thing sticking in my back and
began to panic when I heard you say don�t move. I am sorry master but I had to
see the face of the man who has dominated my body and my dreams. I thought it a
kindly face but one of great strength if angered.

&nbsp;

You led me over
to where you took the photos and even before the first shot, my cunt was aching
to be filled with your fingers or better. Then Tim and Alan walked past, I felt
my cheeks flush as I saw Tim nudge his pal and they both looked directly at my
cunt. That excited me and I had to fight the desire to play with it for you and
them, so hard.

&nbsp;

Then you took the
other pictures and I did not see anyone else react so I calmed myself thinking
that I had got away with this public exhibition of my cunt. Then Horror of
horrors as we walked I saw Tim and Alan sat there smiling as we approached. I
know what you said to them before you led me away to the bandstand but my heart
was pounding and my cunt dripping.

&nbsp;

When you took me
behind the bandstand, I thought it was my chance to impress you by sucking your
cock, but you quickly changed that impression. You told me what you wanted me
to do and I almost ran away, to be topless was bad enough in a public park but
to give two strangers facial blow jobs and then have to wear their trophy loads
on my chest whilst going to your place, horrified and yet exhilarated me. I
wanted to be your complete cum slut and obey your every command.

&nbsp;

Later in your
home, you demonstrated your kind side by wrapping me in that towel, and I could
not believe the range of toys you had on display for me to see. Your right the
butt plug did fascinate me, I had heard of them but never seen one let alone
handled one. You caught me out; I don�t know how because I was sure I had
replaced it exactly as it was. But you knew straight away I had moved it.

&nbsp;

When you applied
that balm to my arse, I had to hold my breath the heat started straight away,
and then you showed me the delight of anal intrusion with the butt plug. Again
you applied the balm to my tits and cunt lips and it seemed my entire body was
on fire. My nerves jingled and all seemed directly attached to my cunt, I
wanted so much to cum right then but knew the punishment would not make it
pleasant for long.

&nbsp;

When you applied
the nipple clamps I was UN aware that they vibrated and it came as a systems
overload to feel the strong vibrations flooding into my tits and straight to my
cunt.

&nbsp;

I loved the
feeling of being bound helpless and the dildo was a real finishing touch. I
lost count of the times I came as I lay there waiting your return and each time
you did it was to increase the throbbing sensations in my cunt and on my tits.
I felt I wanted to swoon from the pleasure you were giving me, and yet wanted
to savoiur the feeling of power you had over me.

&nbsp;

When it was all
over, and you instructed me to shower, without playing with myself, I was
disappointed and had hoped you would join me to allow me to suck of that large
firm shape in your trousers. But I was glad ultimately that you did not, for
the privilege of riding your cock when we went to bed more than made up for it.
To feel your thrusts into my arse as you took my anal sex cherry I knew I
wanted you as my master for ever.

&nbsp;

To feel your cock
spurting deep within my arse made my life seem so right. I was surprised master
that you did not bind me before going to sleep, but to feel the heat of your
body against your worthless slave�s body was binding enough.

&nbsp;

Thank you master
for the most exciting and fulfilling day of my life ever.

&nbsp;

Your devoted
slave, Tammy.

&nbsp;

Slut Tammy,

&nbsp;

Your Behaviour on
Saturday was pleasing to me and as such that is why I allowed you to go on top,
your reward for working hard to please me.

&nbsp;

Your report
pleases me further, however. I need to show you the worst side of my nature so
you know to continue your obedience. So with this in mind tonight at 11.00pm,
you will go out into your garden naked with a large carrot and your hairbrush.
You will insert the carrot in to your arse, fuck yourself for ten minutes in
this fashion before you spank your arse�
six times on each cheek and say in a fairly loud voice, Thank you
master, your Cum cunt, begs forgiveness. Alternate each slap from left cheek to
right cheek. 

&nbsp;

Having done this
you will then apply the same force of slaps to your breasts, making sure you
aim for the nipples, three on each breast should suffice. Then you are to get on
hands and knees and finish fucking your arse with the carrot till you force a
cum from your cunt. You may then dispose of the carrot by throwing it into your
neighbour�s garden.

&nbsp;

Return to your
room and write me the details.

&nbsp;

Master Ray.

&nbsp;

Monday Morning.

&nbsp;

Master,

&nbsp;

I carried out
your orders last night, I stood stark naked in the garden and applied my self
disciplinary measures and even before I got to walk doggie style I experienced
a giddy orgasmic rush. I am sure my neighbour heard me, but never saw him
looking.

&nbsp;

Though this
morning he made a point to show me the carrot and said �look what someone threw
into my garden around midnight last night, it smells peculiar too� as he
sniffed the carrot. How I managed not to blush is beyond me.

&nbsp;

Once again master
thank you for taking the time to train this worthless slut.

&nbsp;

Your devoted
slave, Tammy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  7
  2489
  14190
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  118
  33
  16646
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The
Discipline Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter
4.

&nbsp;

Monday.

&nbsp;

Slut Slave Tammy,

&nbsp;

I want you to
make any arrangements you need to make for being away from home for next
weekend. When you will present yourself at my home at 6 pm on Friday night and
stay till 7 am Monday morning. Here are my requirements, for you to bring with
you.

&nbsp;

Bring with you,
your hairbrush, ping pong bat, any sex toys you own and one item of your choice
to sleep in. This I should point out will be, if you choose PJ�s would be a top
or bottom only. Further more you will between now and Friday you will purchase
a set of �Ben Wah balls� and a �Thai Bead string�.

&nbsp;

On Friday you
will dress as a school girl that is a pleated skirt and blouse but no Bra. You
will place the balls inside your pussy and the beads in your arse, over this you will then put on a pair of navy blue
school knickers. 

&nbsp;

During your
journey to me; you will stand at the end of a tube train carriage and lean
against the carriage wall. Further more before you exit the carriage at Finsbury Park, you will stumble forward and stick your hand
into the crotch area of a male traveler, ensuring you get a feel of his cock.
In your best school girl way you will apologise, skip
out the carriage and then flash him the back of your knickers before blowing
him a kiss.

&nbsp;

On the bus
journey from the station; you will again stand with your back to one of the
upright poles, ensuring that the pole sits in the crack of your arse. You will then walk to my home and present yourself at
my front door no later than 18.45 hrs. Once inside you will present your
knickers for my inspection and as I do so you will relate your journey
challenge to me in detail.

&nbsp;

I will instruct
you further at that stage, do not be late. I hate impolite people not bothering
to arrive punctually. You will then show me your collection of sex toys and
explain what you like about each item, or what you don�t like about it.

&nbsp;

Master Ray xx

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Tuesday.

&nbsp;

Master Ray,

&nbsp;

I will make the
arrangements you require of me; I will also purchase the things you demand. I
have chosen to wear my sexy teddy nightie that an ex
boyfriend bought me, I hope you will approve. I am eagerly awaiting
serving my master for the full weekend.

&nbsp;

Master, you say
in the instructions I am to bring all my sex toys; do you mean just sex toys or
did you mean everything I have ever used in a sexual way for sexual relief?

&nbsp;

I will do my
utmost to carry out your instructions on the journey as I travel to meet you.
Master, why do you want me to stand at the end of a tube carriage, when surely
there is more opportunity to flash if I sit in the middle of a carriage?

&nbsp;

Your
obedient loving slave, Tammy.

&nbsp;

Tuesday.

&nbsp;

Slut slave Tammy,

&nbsp;

How dare you? Are
you challenging the wisdom of your master, your superior master! You will see
why I gave those instructions as you carry out my wishes.

&nbsp;

Bring everything
you have ever used on your tits, cunt or arse and you
can explain why you chose them as a sexual stimulus. 

&nbsp;

BE WARNED; you
have incurred my displeasure for your insolence in challenging my authority
over you and as such will be punished. Your punishment will be metered out
before you go to bed Friday night; and will be of my choosing.

&nbsp;

Behave and accept
your punishment and Saturday will be a normal day, show me further
discourteously and I shall punish you and send you home in disgrace, never to
hear from me again.

&nbsp;

Master Ray

&nbsp;

Wednesday.

&nbsp;

Master Ray, 

&nbsp;

Please forgive me
Master, I never meant to challenge your instructions; it was my weak mind
wondering why you would not have me flashing to the best opportunity. I would
never question your authority, master.

&nbsp;

I have already
purchased the items to your specifications. I ask your permission master to try
them out before my journey to you the day after tomorrow. The Balls seem so
cute but I can�t see what they do and the Thai beads are 15 inches long as so
thin, every inch and a half there is a bead which gets larger as you get nearer
to the handle. I really am confused as to what you use them for, how you use
them and how they would feel when being used. 

&nbsp;

Please Master;
give me permission to try them as the suspense is killing me. I eagerly await
your decision.

&nbsp;

Your loving Slut, Tammy.

&nbsp;

Thursday.

&nbsp;

Slut Tammy,

&nbsp;

You may certainly
not try out the toys before Your Journey to me tomorrow. I want the full
surprising actions to be felt to the max on that day, it will keep you on edge
for your task on the tube train. 

&nbsp;

I want you to
respect my decision and not use them or further punishment will be given. One
last thing to add to your shopping list, a large 15 inch Cucumber. Make it as
thick as you can stand, it will be used on your cunt and arse.

&nbsp;

No more
disobedience or your weekend will be only a weekend of punishment.

&nbsp;

Your master, Ray

&nbsp;

Friday.

&nbsp;

Master Ray,

&nbsp;

I an so sorry
Master, you must think me even more useless than before, I could not help
myself in asking to try the toys, last night I fell asleep looking at then laid
on my pillow; they dominated my dreams, but I never used them and I am ashamed
to say were absolutely delightful. I am counting the hours till I set off to
meet my lord and master.

&nbsp;

Just so you know
master I have deliberately avoided masturbating this week so as to be ready for
whatever you demand of me, although my knickers were soaking this morning from
my wet dream about my new toys.

&nbsp;

Your
Horny little Bitch, Tammy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Friday
night 6.45 pm.

&nbsp;

�Hello, Tammy, do
come in� I said as I answered the front door. Closing the door I instructed her
to Stand still and Raise your skirt. She immediately gripped both sides of her
pleated skirt and raised her arms. There was a big wet patch on the front of
her knickers and as I slipped my hand inside them. 

&nbsp;

She said �Master,
I am sorry I doubted your judgment; I now know why I was to stand with my back
against the wall of the carriage, the vibrations from the carriage went
straight to the balls and I could not believe the action of the off centre
weights inside them.� 

&nbsp;

With my finger
now up her cunt and nudging the balls, she shuddered with delight and in an
unsteady voice continued �As the tube began to approach Finsbury
park station, I took my chance and stumbled forward on to one guys lap and with
my hands out to break my fall, I had a good feel of the guy sat next to him� 

&nbsp;

�Oh
sorry mister!� I said
acting really childish. 

&nbsp;

�Wow what you got
in that pocket; Mister it feels real hard and Hot� I said loud enough for
everyone around to hear, he went bright red, as I started to rise I saw what he
was looking at, he could see up a young woman�s skirt all the way to her
knickers. She had given him the hard on which I had just felt she said
giggling. 

&nbsp;

At the station I
leapt out the train and as it pulled away I saw him looking my way so I flicked
the hem of my skirt and blew him a kiss. I bet he thought I had spotted him
staring up that woman�s skirt and that�s why I fell on him.

&nbsp;

On the bus from
the station I again did as instructed and again the vibrations went to the
balls only this time with the pole being so thin and pressed against the Thai
beads it felt like a large worm was wriggling in my arse
helped by vibrations from my cunt, I nearly came in front of all the other
passengers. 

&nbsp;

I managed to calm
down on the five minute walk from the bus stop to here; but even the action of
walking kept the balls up my cunt in action. I ended walking the last 100yds
with my thighs pressed tightly together to lessen any movement, but without
success and now master I await my punishment for displeasing you early in the
week.

&nbsp;

I lead her into
the living room, where I pointed to the large coffee table; get the polish and
dusters from the kitchen. Give the coffee table top a real good polish but
after you have removed your blouse, I want to see your tits swing as you put
the effort into polishing my furniture. I knew that this would also have an
effect on the balls inside her cunt, but it was only preparation for her actual
punishment.

&nbsp;

Meanwhile, I went
to the guest room and retrieved a 10 inch leather paddle and a 3 ft riding
crop, as I approached the living room, I could hear the low moaning coming from
Tammy. I steeped inside and she was on her knees polishing away as her thighs
were quivering, her nipples were rock hard as her tits swayed with her motion
and I could imagine the off centre weights in the �Ben Wah�
balls jiggling around.

&nbsp;

I instructed her
to Stop, stand and now remove all her clothes, lie on her back on the newly
cleaned table, legs spread and arms above her head. I tied her legs to the
coffee table legs, and tying a rope around her wrists I the tied them to the
other coffee table legs. I then showed her the paddle and the crop, I told her
�For your distrust of my orders and the thought that you knew better than your
Superior Master, you will receive six lashes of the crop!�

&nbsp;

�Yes Master� she
replied.

&nbsp;

�I have not
finished yet bitch!� I snapped �on each of your tits and cunt�

&nbsp;

She nodded �yes
Master, you are generous to limit it to only six on each master, your worthless
slave deserves far more� she said.

&nbsp;

�Furthermore, you
shall receive six extra slaps with the paddle across both
your tits, your stomach and your cunt. You will count out each of these
strokes and repeat �Your Slut is a slut for your desires, Master�� I continued.

&nbsp;

�Yes Master Ray,
how very lenient you to me; others would have trebled those punishments.� She
meekly stated.

&nbsp;

�There is one
thing I have neglected to tell you though!� I said as I slipped a blindfold
over her eyes, a ball gag into her mouth and fitted Headphones ready to go over
her ears. 

&nbsp;

�I invited your
next door neighbour to come witness your punishment!�
I said as I popped the headphones on her ears. She could now see nothing, say
nothing nor hear nothing. I left her to ponder what I had just said. I knew it
would be spinning round in her mind that her next door neighbour,
who had nearly caught her twice, could be here watching, seeing her take her
just punishments, staring at her cunt. 

&nbsp;

�Oh my god1� it
suddenly dawned �I still have the Thai beads up my arse
and the balls up my cunt, what happens if master allows Trevor to fuck me!� she
wondered. �He would be bound to feel the balls or the beads as he fucked my
soaking cunt� she pondered being to blush as she did so.

&nbsp;

I opened the
patio door and then slid it closed again, I saw her stiffen on the table as the
breeze wafted across her body. I then allowed Rob my best mate to enter and to
see Tammy displayed as she was. I told him �Rob, I want you to suck on her
nipples whilst I talk to her�

&nbsp;

�Sure Ray, Do I
get to fuck this randy woman also?� he asked.

&nbsp;

�No but you will
get a blow job before you go home! Ok!� I replied. He nodded.

&nbsp;

AS Tammy felt the
wet lips of someone�s mouth begin to explore her breast and seek her nipple; I
slipped the headphones away from her right ear and said �Tammy, Trevor says
thanks for letting him suck your nipples, finger your cunt, probe your arse and for the Blowjob your going to give him later�
Tammy stiffened again as she now knew there were at least two people in the
room.

&nbsp;

The voice she
knew was mine, but at the same time a mouth was now tonguing her nipple. Was it
really Trevor, how could she face him in the future, but his tongue was
flicking her nipple and it just felt so good. If it was Trevor why had Teresa allowed
him to come all this way to play with their next door neighbour,
she puzzled, surely she would not want him to be so familiar with another
woman.

&nbsp;

She could not
contain the pent up passion any longer, suddenly her cunt spasmed
and the clear nectar of lust sprayed from her cunt like a fountain. 

&nbsp;

I Removed the
headphones completely and Said �Enough now Trevor, It�s time for her
punishment� Bob stopped and stood back.

&nbsp;

�Trevor I think
you should help punish her, after all she was the one who threw the carrot into
your garden!� I said.

&nbsp;

�I knew it was!�
an almost whispered reply. �I saw her fucking herself with it before tossing
into my garden� he continued to whisper.

&nbsp;

I undid the Ball
gag before continuing.

&nbsp;

I had rehearsed
Bob, with what to say and I had stressed that he needed to lower his voice to a
point where she would hear his words but hardly be able to recognize the voice.
He played along beautifully.

�

�Six of the crop,
on each tit and six on your cunt, we agreed, did we not? Tammy� I asked.

&nbsp;

She Nodded.

&nbsp;

�Sorry; did you
say something?� I barked.

&nbsp;

�No Master, I
never said anything, yes we agreed six on each breast and six for my pussy,
Sir� she answered.

&nbsp;

�Would you like
Trevor to apply the ones to your tits or the ones to your cunt?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�Master as my
body is yours to do as you wish, I leave the choice to you entirely� she
responded.

&nbsp;

�Ok your left Tit
it is� I Replied. �When you feel the slap on your left tit your response will
change to �Thank you Trevor my master�s friend� is that clear� I continued.

&nbsp;

�Yes master� she
replied.

&nbsp;

Whack went the
crop on to her right breast ��Your Slut is a slut for your desires, Master��
she repeated.

&nbsp;

Whack the crop
landed right on her nipple. She flinched before saying, �Thank you Trevor my
master�s friend�

&nbsp;

The punishment
continued until all 12 strokes had been received, her tits flamed with a
passionate red colour, and he cunt lips opened out
like the first flower of youth.

&nbsp;

I took the crop
and allowed the end to touch lightly against her erect clitoris; it pulsed at
the first contact. I walked to her head and signaled Bob to join me, I
indicated for him to take his prick out and enjoy the promised blow job.

&nbsp;

He quickly had
his 8 inch semi erect cock out and pressed it against Tammy�s mouth, she opened
her mouth and flicked her tongue against the underside of his helmet; Then she
swallowed his cock whole. Whack, I laid the first slam against her cunt
ensuring I got her clit. Her body jerked and her nosed buried deeper in to
Bob�s balls. By the Time I had laid the last stroke over her cunt, Bob was
filling her mouth with the precious white baby seed.

&nbsp;

I then allowed
Tammy, to thank Him �Trevor, thank you for using my cock sucking mouth to
deposit your excellent cum!� she said. 

&nbsp;

I quickly slipped
her blindfold off and she saw it was not Trevor; she breathed a Sigh of relief
as Bob spoke in a normal voice, �My pleasure babe, to fuck such a wonderful
cock sucking slut mouth as yours!� 

&nbsp;

Bob made his
excuses and left, I returned to Tammy. �Oh, Master that felt wicked, I honestly
thought you had contacted Trevor and I could not understand why Teresa his wife
would have allowed him to do something like this.� She said.

&nbsp;

I took hold of
the paddle and walked around the side of her, with out saying a word, I applied
the first slap clean across her nipples, the next slap when across her stomach.
Tammy then realized why the stomach slaps were planned. As she tightened her
muscles in her stomach the �Ben Wah� balls moved and
when the slap actually arrived it set the internal mechanisms rolling. By the
sixth stomach slap she was orgasming again.

&nbsp;

I reminded her
that tomorrow she will have to shampoo the carpet where her cunt juice sprayed
earlier and that now she should take a shower and let�s go to bed. I slipped
into the shower with her and whilst rubbing my soapy hand across her butt, I
slowly pulled the Thai beads from her anal ring. She leaned forward with her
hands pressed flat against the tiled wall above her head. I could clearly see
her anal ring open and close as each single moulded
bead popped out. I also noticed her thigh muscles constantly twitching on the
verge of further spasms.

&nbsp;

Once I had
extracted the beads and washed them, I placed my prick at the entrance to her
anal ring and with very little resistance I eased it all the way up her arse. I could feel the hard shapes of the balls nestled in
her cunt and the sensation was overwhelming as I began to fuck her arse, the Balls responded to every single movement and
doubled my own pleasure, so it must have been four fold for Tammy.

&nbsp;

Just as I felt
the tell tale tingling beginning in my balls, I reached around her and located
the drawstring for the balls. As the First spurt shot deep in to her arse, I pulled sharply on the drawstring and pulled the two
Balls from her cunt, their motion and sudden withdrawal brought yet another
orgasm to Tammy, as she came with me.

&nbsp;

Eventually we
retired to bed; both fully satiated and slept a deep sound sleep with me
spooned around my eager to please little cum slut.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  5
  1939
  11057
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  92
  25
  12971
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter 5.� Saturday.

&nbsp;

I woke next
morning, around 4.30am, with my usual morning glory (hard on), as I turned to
slide out of bed, Tammy stirred. She looked up at me and smiled. �Morning
Master, what do you have planned for you�re cum slut today� she asked.

&nbsp;

�You have to
clean the carpet in the living room!� I reminded her. 

&nbsp;

�Oh yes master, I
forgot!� she replied.

&nbsp;

Her eyes then
roamed down to my erect penis, they widen and her smile became a grin. �Oh
master, you want me to take care of that for you?� she asked.

&nbsp;

�I need a piss
before anything else!� I replied.

&nbsp;

�OH may I help
you with that, master! I could hold it for you or you could use me as your
toilet, if you prefer?� she continued.

&nbsp;

We walked down
stairs to my wet room, Tammy�s hand wrapped firmly around my cock as though she
was scared it may get away from her. I sat her in the shower chair and told her
�Open your legs, and then spread your cunt lips with your fingertips!�

&nbsp;

I then began to
pee, first a small dribble and then a stream of golden yellow coloured piss,
aiming at her clit. I took my cock in hand and directed the flow up towards her
tits, when suddenly she shot forward and collected a mouthful of my piss in her
mouth. Looking me straight in the eye she swallowed and said �Now forever part
of you will be inside me!�

&nbsp;

I smiled at her,
finished pissing over her body and then took a shower together. After the
shower she donned her teddy nightie and set about shampooing the carpet where last
night her cunt juice had landed. It was an erotic sight to see her shampooing
the carpet with her cunt and butt of full display, the teddy only came down to
just above the cheeks of her arse. I gave her arse a playful slap and she
turned to me and said �Master, I will give you six months to stop that!� she
was laughing.

&nbsp;

I went off to the
kitchen and prepared a full English breakfast for the two of us. As we ate, we
talked not as master and Slave but as equals. This was another thing I prided
myself on, that away from playtimes I treat my slaves as equal and give then
the chance to express freely their opinions and desires.

�

I learnt that she
had a thing about Her toilet duties, On her own would only allow herself to go
three times a day and she explained the exquisite torture she felt from a full
bladder waiting for the allotted time before going to relieve this. I asked her
how she felt about her toilet needs being watched and the control being passed
to her master! She replied honestly that she did not know how she would feel as
it had never happened to her. 

&nbsp;

�When you begin
to feel the need to go? Tell me!� I informed her.

&nbsp;

�Yes Master, I
already need to go for a shit but my time is still an hour away!� she answered.

&nbsp;

Breakfast over, I
asked her to wash the pots while I went upstairs. I opened her bag to check the
toys and stuff she had brought with her. I immediately spotted an Indian club,
like the ones used for juggling, an odd shaped scent bottle and the usual array
of vibrators. Curiously though their was a, what can only be described as,
plastic test tube about 4 inches across and about 15 inches long with a rubber
stopper. I really was perplexed as to what use she would put this to.

&nbsp;

I heard her call
me for downstairs, �Ray, there is someone at the door!� 

&nbsp;

As I turned to
make my way downstairs, I heard Tammy shriek. I rushed downstairs to see my son
Graham, standing in the hallway. �She shot into the Shower room!� he said
smiling

&nbsp;

I apologised to
him saying �I was not expecting you round today, I thought you would be
working!� 

&nbsp;

He laughed as he
said �That�s Obvious, Dad!� �I only came to pick something up, that I need!�
she smiled broadened as he continued. �Sorry to spoil any of your fun!�

&nbsp;

�Ok, No problems,
Graham!� I replied. He picked up what he came for and left.

&nbsp;

A rather
embarrassed Tammy emerged from the bathroom; I apologized and told her I was
not expecting him to come round, no harm done. She asked who it was and how
come he had a key. I explained that he was my son and as such had kept his key
when he went to live with his girlfriend.

&nbsp;

She calmed down a
little as she explained; He could not have failed to miss the state of my
attire. I had almost frozen to the spot before I dashed off to the Bathroom.
She also admitted in a perverted way she felt extra horny knowing my son had
seen the cunt of the woman his dad was fucking.

&nbsp;

I admonished as
being the slut that she is; flashing her cunt to her Master�s son and for that
she would have to be punished! I then told her to go upstairs and bend over the
chair in the bed room, where she would wait my pleasure.

&nbsp;

I returned
upstairs and taking her bag, walked in to the bedroom, I asked about the Indian
club, she admitted using the neck on her cunt and a couple of times her arse,
she even admitted trying to get the wider base into her cunt and had managed to
get it half way in. The base was 5 inches across and at its widest point was
nearer 9 inches.

&nbsp;

I asked �How far
did you get the wide end up your cunt?� she pointed to a point that was 3
inches from the bottom of the club, a point where the width seemed to be six or
seven inches. I then picked out the test tube and asked what she used this for
being 4 inches wide and 15 inches long.

&nbsp;

�Master, may I be
allowed to show you?� she asked. I nodded and she immediately stood up took the
test tube from me and disappeared downstairs. I heard the food processor
whirring and soon Tammy reappeared with the Test Tube packed with crushed ice.
She sat on the edge of the bed as she rolled the test tube, over her nipples
across her stomach before slipping it into her cunt. For the next 15 minutes
she fucked herself to two orgasms before removing the test tube licking the
outside clean. She then popped the rubber bung and tipped the melted ice on to
her breasts. She then used the open end on her cunt catching some of her cunt
juices in the tube before allowing this clear liquid to drip into her open
mouth.

&nbsp;

I then stopped
her actions and made her lie across the chair where I administered 12 slams
with the ping pong bat until her arse cheeks glowed a rosy shade of pink. 

&nbsp;

�Stand up, slut�
I demanded �now lie on the bed with your legs opened towards me� I informed
her. I then began to insert three fingers into her cunt and after a few minutes
of thrusting added a fourth, before finally adding my thumb. Soon I had my
whole hand up her cunt and forming it into a fist I began fist fucking her. She
let out a loud moan as she then sprayed her cunt juices high in the air as
though she was laid on her back pissing. The bed sheets were soaked by the time
she had stopped spraying. 

&nbsp;

I released my
fist and pulled my soaking arm, wrist and hand from her cunt; she immediately
began licking them clean. Thanking me for yet another first, the first time she
had been fist fucked. She asked rather worriedly �would there be any permanent
damage to her cunt being fist fucked like that!� 

&nbsp;

I replied �No,
when you think about it, your cunt stretches to larger sizes to allow the head
of a baby to pass through it and then it goes back to normal size, so why would
it not return to normal after fist fucking�.

&nbsp;

I sent her off to
put the sheets in the washing machine and to take yet another shower. I picked
out of her clothes a low cut top and a short white skirt and cherry red
panties. I laid them out then went downstairs, where I told her to go up and
put on the things I had laid out when she finished her shower. I took the
cucumber she had brought with and placed it in the deep freeze, for that night.

&nbsp;

Also whilst she
showered I set up the St Andrews cross in the guest bedroom and laid out my own
handcuffs, blindfold nipple clamps and head phones. I then sat in the living
room awaiting her return.

&nbsp;

Thirty minutes
later she appeared at the living room door correctly attired and eager to see
what I had in store for her. I informed her we were going to go out and feed
the ducks in the local park, adding I expect you to flash your knickers upon my
command and to play with yourself as, when and how I tell you.

&nbsp;

I gave her a
example, telling her �I want you to stick your right hand down the inside of
your skirt into your knickers and play with your clit, do not put your fingers
inside your cunt and I want to see them moving even through your skirt!� �Now
put your left hand inside your top and feel your right nipple, pinch it between
your forefinger and your thumb then pull it away from your body, hold it till I
say release!� this she did.

&nbsp;

She knew that if
I instructed her to do this in the park it would be obvious to anyone nearby
that she was openly masturbating and the thought of clearly showing her actions
served only to excite her more.

&nbsp;

With that we set
off to the local park�

&nbsp;

As we fed the
ducks she leaned on the railing and anyone passing could clearly see her red
knickers in stark contrast to her white mini skirt. I whispered to Tammy,
�Scratch your arse as you stick it out�. She immediately stretched her back,
making her arse more prominent and stuck her right hand under the skirt to
scratch her arse. An old lady walking passed was heard to mutter �Tut, Tut, the
youth of today�

&nbsp;

I turned and
simply said �Bet you never got up to anything even slightly risky when you were
growing up?� She blushed and hurried on her way.

&nbsp;

I then noticed a
young man, sat on the other side of the path on a park bench, clearly staring
at Tammy�s arse. He mouthed �Silly old bag!� in my direction. I nodded. 

&nbsp;

He came over to
me and said �Is this lovely young lady, your wife?�

&nbsp;

�No, she is my,
how can I put this, she is my SEX slave!� I replied. Tammy now blushed.

&nbsp;

�Wow, man how
cool is that. You mean that what ever you tell her to do she will do?� he
gasped.

&nbsp;

�Slut, Show this
man your tits!� I demanded. Tammy turned and looked both ways along the path
before lifting her top to expose her naked breasts.

&nbsp;

�Fucking awesome,
what great tits!� the guy responded.

&nbsp;

Tammy quickly
dropped her top back into place, although blushing she smiled. �So what have
you done?� was the guy�s next question.

&nbsp;

�Now that would
be telling!� I responded. I looked at Tammy and smiled, she returned my smile
even though I noticed she was staring at the guy�s crotch.

&nbsp;

�Would you care
to walk with us for a while?� I invited.

&nbsp;

He nodded and
introduced himself as Steve. We began walking around the lake, I maneuvered
Tammy between us, noting that her nipples were hardening by the second. We
reached an area which was an old bowling green, surrounded by large trees and
plenty of bushes. I nudged Tammy in to the shaded area and whispered �why not
show Steve, Your soaking cunt� 

&nbsp;

She stood facing
Steve and raised the front of her skirt, exposing a dark red wet patch on the
gusset of her knickers. She pulled the gusset aside and showed Steve her shaven
cunt. I invited Steve to check out how wet she was, he quickly slipped a finger
between her cunt lips; then brought the finger to his mouth and slowly
seductively licked every inch of his finger. I pointed at his crotch and said
�look slut, what have you done to this poor man!� Tammy followed my gaze and
giggled.

&nbsp;

Steve asked �Well
what are you going to do about it!� 

&nbsp;

�Whoa� I Said.
�Only I tell her what she is allowed to do or not!� I added mocking annoyance.

&nbsp;

�Sorry, I just
got carried away!� Steve apologized.

&nbsp;

I smiled, and
added �Cum Slut, you would like to suck his cock, wouldn�t you!�

&nbsp;

Tammy nodded. �Oh
yes master!�

&nbsp;

I instructed
Tammy to remove her knickers and to suck Steve off, but she was to catch his
spunk inside her knickers and then put them back on. In a flurry of activity,
Tammy quickly divested herself of her knickers while Steve removed his prick
from his trousers. Tammy then squat in front of him and sucked his cock,
squeezing his balls in a hurried attempt to force a quick cum from him. When he
did cum, he shot loads of spunk into her knickers and she promptly replaced
them, feeling the cum start to cool against her cunt and arse.

&nbsp;

Steve rather
hurriedly thanked Tammy and me before disappearing. I made Tammy walk around
for another hour flashing her cum stained knickers to various people including
a group playing soccer. To do this she had to sit on the grass facing them but
with her legs wide open. It was amazing how much of the football action
appeared to be happening right in front of Tammy.

&nbsp;

Soon we decided
it was time to go home, but not before I reached around from behind Tammy, and
lowered her top to flash her tits to the guys. She walked away to a chorus of
cat calls and wolf whistles. I felt her cunt as soon as we arrived home, the
lightest touch on her clit had her orgasming.

&nbsp;

Tammy announced
that I was banned from the kitchen while she cooked us an evening meal. I went
upstairs and began to plan Tammy�s evening of fun.

&nbsp;

Later that
evening.

� 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:44:00Z
  3
  1235
  7043
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  58
  16
  8262
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter 6.

&nbsp;

Tammy cooked an
excellent meal and after sharing the washing up, I announced it was time to
play. I instructed Tammy to go shower the dried cum off her cunt, after she had
licked the dried cum from her knickers, to dry herself and then join me in the
guest bedroom. Meanwhile I retrieved the ice cold cucumber from the fridge and
pick up an aerosol can for whipped cream. As I waited in the guest room for
Tammy, I phone six friends and invited them to a party at my place, briefly
explaining it would be a mouth and cunt party. They new me well enough to
understand this and agreed to be at my place as soon as possible; Geoff even
agreed to pick the others up so they would all arrive together.

&nbsp;

I had finished
the calls by the time Tammy arrived at the bedroom door, sheepishly looking
around the items I had laid out. Pointing to the St Andrews Cross, I instructed
her to press her back against it and proceeded to tie her limbs to the
extremities of the cross. Taking a length of soft silk rope; I then tied her
abdomen to the centre of the cross. Next I fitted the blindfold and headphones
to Tammy; but first reminded her of her safety word of �TEMPERATURE�. 

&nbsp;

Having duly
secured her to the Cross, I took a 3 meter length of the soft silk rope and
laid it between her breasts with a quarter of its length over her left
shoulder. The other end I then wrapped three times clockwise around her right
breast and tied it securely. Returning to the other end of the rope I wound
that anti clockwise three times around her left breast securely tying this to
the other end of the rope. Her breasts were now bulging around her nipples; I
lightly flicked her nipples to test their bounce and once satisfied I slowly
lightly licked ever decreasing circles on her breasts until my tongue lashed
her nipples. Tammy was moaning in a low guttural pleasure sort of way. Perfect
I thought.

&nbsp;

Just then the
front door bell rang; I looked at Tammy�s reaction and nothing. So I slipped
silently away and let the six guys in: leading them into the living room; I
began to explain the rules before they met Tammy.

&nbsp;

Rule one. You can
fuck her mouth or her cunt only, but must cum initially in a pint sized glass,
provided.� I would prefer you to fuck her
mouth on the first round.

&nbsp;

Rule two. If
you�re not being sucked, you may lightly but firmly spank her arse but try not
to exceed a deep pink colour. This means that two of you will have to hold the
cross she is attached to in order for her mouth and arse to be available.

&nbsp;

Rule three. ON NO
ACCOUNT, are you to try fucking her arse. Period.

&nbsp;

Rule Four. Only
after everyone has had a turn at her mouth, can you decide upon a second round
with either her cunt or her mouth. Again I ask you to cum in the glass, why?
well you will see after the second round. To achieve this we will have to
adjust the cross.

&nbsp;

Rule five.� After Tammy has finished with the glass, you
may if you desire fuck her mouth or cunt and shoot inside her. 

&nbsp;

Remember that if
you�re not involved in fucking, sucking or holding the cross you may spank her
arse, firmly but not too harshly.

&nbsp;

Finally we will
release her from the cross and two by two you may fuck her mouth and cunt,
whilst I punish her tits.

&nbsp;

Everyone agreed.
Everybody did agree. I asked them to wait until I called them up and I returned
to Tammy. As I approached the bedroom, I heard �Master, are you still there!�
and �Oh master please let me know your still here and have not left me like
this!� she said in an anxious voice. I reached out and lightly ran my finger
along her cunt lips; she was soaking and let out a low moan. 

&nbsp;

�Oh thank you,
master, I was beginning to dread that you had left me here like this and
wondered if you would return before tomorrow� she cried.

&nbsp;

I placed my
soaked finger against her mouth to calm her and she instinctively slipped her
tongue out and tasted her cunt juice. I moved back from her and cutting the
cucumber into two halves I split length wise one half and traced the cold wet
inners across her tits.

The other half I
eased into her arse cut end first and secured it in place with some sticky
tape.

&nbsp;

I eased myself
out of the room and called sown to the guys. Putting my finger to my mouth to
indicate for them to be quiet, why I don�t know because Tammy had already
proved she could hear nothing.

&nbsp;

The guys quietly
stripped off and following my directions two of then took the cross and rotated
it until Tammy�s head was pointing straight down, the setting the head of the
cross on the floor, they held it firmly upright. Tammy panicked as the cross
was move and was further disorientated when she was literally turned on her
head. The first guy knelt down and moved in front of Tammy, his semi erect
prick was just about the right height to slip in to her mouth. He nudged her
mouth with his prick; she opened her mouth to allow just his head to
enter.� Her tongue went in to over time
swirling around the cock head in her mouth. Just As the first Guy began to fuck
her mouth the first Slap landed on her arse. Her head shot forward swallowing
his entire length in one go. The guys spanking her settled into the same pace
of slaps to match the fucking of her mouth. 

&nbsp;

After five
minutes, the guy indicated her was ready to cum and pulled out just in time to
shoot a cum load into the glass I passed him. He was quickly replaced by a
second guy, Tammy must have realized there was more than just her and I present
because this guy was un circumcised where as the previous guy had been
circumcised. Again her arse was spanked in the same rhythm as the cock was
fucking her mouth. Soon the four free cocks had fucked her face and the two
guys that were holding the cross were replaced to enjoy their turn fucking her
mouth. The glass was collecting their initial loads and was already about one
eighth full. By the time these last two had added their amounts and then the
cross was turned through 90 degrees and she had endured her cunt taking on six
cocks, each lasting longer than they did in her mouth, Tammy was in one giant
multi orgasm. 

&nbsp;

The trophy glass
was already half full, her arse was a deep cherry colour from its spankings and
she was moaning begging for more. I asked the guys if they wanted another round
before we released her and they declined but two of them suggested that she be
released and made to lie over one guys lap whilst one guy fucked her cunt and
another fucked her mouth. 

&nbsp;

The guy over
whose lap she was lain could then hold her down whilst playing with her tits,
then as the one cum up her cunt her would then be the one holding her down, the
one holding her would move to her mouth and a new one would begin fucking her
cunt, sort of a round robin. Everyone agreed on one condition that her tits
were left bound.

&nbsp;

I agreed and went
to fetch the camera for some photo�s to show her tomorrow. After several hours
everyone except me had thoroughly fucked her and deposited two loads in the
glass and one up her cunt. Tammy was so whacked that she was like a rag doll
for the two changes. I released her tits and massage the circulation back into
them. She was babbling like a brook, hardly making sense but never used her
safe word. 

&nbsp;

I sat her in a
chair, removed her headphones and told her to open her mouth wide! I got one of
the guys to take pictures of her I tipped the half full glass of spunk into her
mouth and it slithered its way towards her mouth before plopping in one mass on
to her tongue and over flowed on to her tits. She swallowed as quickly as she
could.

&nbsp;

I then removed
her blindfold and allowed her to see the guests she had entertained for the
last few hours. They all thanked her for the fun they had enjoyed. Before
beginning to dress and depart. I made each one kiss her full on the mouth as a
reward for her efforts.

&nbsp;

When they had
left I tied her hands above her head and tied her legs together before fucking
her arse with the cucumber still up there. I removed this after 20 minutes and
after allowing her to suck me off; I left her to sleep and re-couperate. 

&nbsp;

Next morning I
returned with a breakfast tray and untied her; allowing her to eat before
running her a nice hot bath.

&nbsp;

����� 

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-06-28T12:45:00Z
  2007-06-28T12:45:00Z
  4
  1283
  7317
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  60
  17
  8583
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






The Discipline
Correspondence School.

&nbsp;

Chapter 7.

&nbsp;

Sunday morning,
Tammy is in the bath and I have just finished cleaning up from the fun last
night. Tammy called me, �Ray, can you come here please!�

&nbsp;

I hurried off to
the bathroom expecting a problem, entering there was Tammy stood up in the bath
with soap suds all over her body. �What�s up?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�Nothing, I just
thought you would like to hose me down!� she said with a large grin. 

&nbsp;

�Hose you down,
why are you going out in the garden like that?� I jokingly asked.

&nbsp;

�No, Silly I mean
with your man hose!� she replied pointing at my crotch. I quickly removed my
trousers and underpants, climbed carefully up on to the bath edge and aimed my
hardening prick towards Tammy. A slow trickle of golden yellow piss soon turned
in to a full flow as I aimed at Tammy�s breasts. She moved forward and knelt
before me allowing my piss to cascade down her body, before she took a mouthful
and swallowed eagerly.

&nbsp;

When the flow
became a trickle she took my prick into her mouth and licked the slit hole
clean. I then climbed down and turned the shower attachment on to a warm
setting and showered her clean of piss and soap. I wrapped her in a large
fluffy towel and kissed her open mouth, she slipped her tongue into my mouth
and I tasted for the first time the tangy taste of my own piss.

&nbsp;

�Master I love
you!� she said as she pulled back from our kiss. �I would love to remain here
with you forever and you could use me as you see fit� she added.

&nbsp;

�I love you too!�
I responded.

&nbsp;

�Tammy, As much
as I would love you to move in here, I think we both need the separate
environments as a differential to what we do together!� I replied.

&nbsp;

Tammy pouted a
sulk but nodded her agreement. �Besides you have a task to complete before
tonight� I reminded her.

&nbsp;

�Oh what master?�
she asked.

&nbsp;

�Your emailed
Diary on last night�s activities!� I pointed out.

&nbsp;

�But I am not at
home till tomorrow!� she quizzed.

&nbsp;

I took her hand
and led her to my computer room and sat her down in front of the screen; turned
on the computer and instructed her to log on to her own email account.

&nbsp;

I left her to
write her report, whilst I went to make a cup of coffee for the two of us.

&nbsp;

Master. Here is
my diary entry for Friday and Saturday.

&nbsp;

Friday night.

&nbsp;

My journey to
your home was an adventure in its own right, the balls in my cunt set up
delicious rippling feelings in my cunt and this caused the Thai beads in my
arse to come alive.

&nbsp;

When I arrived at
your Home, Master, I was on the verge of a large orgasm, and it only took the
merest touch of your finger on my clit to trigger it. Then you ordered me to
strip and clean the coffee table, I knew I was in trouble, the movements I
needed to use caused the balls and beads to act against each other to the point
I could feel the juice running down my legs.

&nbsp;

I nearly freaked
out when you told me that Trevor was going to be present whilst I was punished.
I could not help but wonder how I would ever be able to face him in the future.
Then you blindfolded me and tied me to the same table I had cleaned, I confess
I was worried incase you allowed Trevor; to fuck me and he found the balls and
felt the beads. In the finish you had me only give him oral, which was a great
relief, but knowing he was watching you punish my naked body and then being
allowed to punish my left tit himself, was awesome. It took the excitement
level to fever pitch; and to have to thank him as my master�s friend showed him
my subservient side and again I wondered if he would try to take advantage of
me later around my own home.

&nbsp;

Then you revealed
to me it was not Trevor; I was really pleased at that, at least I would not be
embarrassed when I next meet him. But part of me wanted it to be him and for
him to know the true me and the fact that I already had my master; therefore
nothing would happen between us unless you so ordered it.

&nbsp;

The sight
depravation really enhanced my experience, and thrilled me to new heights, but
the most exciting thing for me was the privilege of sleeping beside my Master.

&nbsp;

When I woke as
you got out of bed next morning and I saw your beautiful prick all swollen and
hard I wanted to swallow it and coax you�re cum into my mouth. Then we went to
the shower room where you used me as your private toilet, I could not resist
from showing you my devotion to you by swallowing your delectable piss.

&nbsp;

I really was
shocked when your son, let himself in and caught me butt naked in the morning,
I froze for a split second before hiding in the shower room. I could not get
over how handsome your son looks, I could easily imagine you looking similar
when you were his age and that made me love you even more.

&nbsp;

I am truly
honored Master that you see fit to treat me as your equal away from play times
and I was overjoyed that you wanted your slave to entice other me into seeing
the parts of me that are yours to display or use as you want.

&nbsp;

I was high on
heat all afternoon in the park, and the final act of your superiority over me,
flashing my tits to the football teams left me walking on air all the way back
to your home.

&nbsp;

�

Then the feeling
of the drying cum on my cunt constantly reminded me that I was your slut and
therefore your property to use as you saw fit. You allowed me to shower after
the meager meal I prepared, but you were gracious in your compliments about my
cooking.

&nbsp;

I found myself
wanting to play with my cunt as I showered, but as you did not give any such
permission I respectfully avoided playing with myself.

&nbsp;

You took me to
the guest room, I nearly fainted when I saw the toys laid out on the bed and
then you tied me spread eagled to the cross, it raised my horniness even
further as I knew I was now powerless to resist. Again you placed the blindfold
on me and took away my sound sensors. Then the next thing I knew my orientation
was distracted as I felt I was being turned cartwheel.

&nbsp;

Then I was really
confused as I could not work out if I was on my head or my arse, but I soon
realized I was on my head as the blood pounded in my ears. Then I felt what I
thought was your cock pressing into my mouth, I eagerly sucked it only to have
it took away from me before I got to taste the fruit of my efforts.

&nbsp;

Suddenly I was
scared, as another cock different to the first was pushed in to my mouth, I was
forced to suck it and then I felt your first slap on my arse. The cock slipped
deep into my throat and I almost gagged. I lost count of the number of cocks I
sucked but was always on the verge of Cumming and even deprived of the cum as
they seemed to pull away before shooting.

&nbsp;

Then again my
brain scrambled as I was turned again, and to have cocks in my mouth and cunt
at the same time was beyond my wildest dreams, I confess to breaking into a
continuous orgasm for the first time ever.

&nbsp;

I kept expecting
the blasts of cum but they never happened and it was driving me insane. I
suddenly felt the binding being loosened and lost my sense of balance as I was
man handled over someone�s knee. I was my biggest fantasy to be spanked as I
was fucked and you even added the extra thrill of a cock in my mouth to that.

&nbsp;

Eventually you
removed my blindfold and I was shocked to see so many men, who had fucked me,
but the biggest thrill of the night was being handed from on man to another as
a sex doll, and being powerless to stop it; being held down and my nipples
teased as I was double fucked was out of this world. Thank you master for the
thrill of a lifetime.

&nbsp;

It seemed only
right when you made the guys kiss me after that wonderful cum cocktail (pardon
the pun) I take it that when the guys pulled away it was to deposit their load
into the glass you had e drink later. I bet it was a thrill for the guys to
taste the after effects of their mixed cum as we kissed. But it made me go all
goose bumps and tingly.

&nbsp;

The over all
memory, I will take away from this weekend is that fact that you said you loved
me too, although I must confess to being a little upset at the thought of us
not moving in together just now, but I can see where your coming from.

&nbsp;

Your obedient
slut, Tammy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Slut Tammy,

&nbsp;

Your activities
this weekend have soon great potential and I think we are ready to move to the
next level, I shall arrange for you to self punish yourself whilst I live feed
to a select few over the internet. If you achieve this then you shall truly be
my number one slut slave and as a reward will be allowed next week end as my
equal to choose what you want to do.

&nbsp;

Your Happy
Master, Ray.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niteowluk2003


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





