BDSM Library - Eleanor's Descent




Eleanor's Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cahnce meeting results i  a series of episodes with a really active submissive.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-04T19:24:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:24:00Z
  6
  2265
  12913
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  107
  30
  15148
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s
Descent.

&nbsp;

�Chapter 1

&nbsp;

I first met
Eleanor, when I was working as a site security guard at a sports complex. She
was a volunteer First aider working for the Saint Johns ambulance service. She
stood 6� tall weighed around 150 lbs, had shoulder length blonde hair. Her
figure was striking with her trim waist and protruding tits. I later found out
they were 38 B.

&nbsp;

A film company
was filming a TV special, so extra security was needed at the sports centre;
you know the kind of thing, over rated stars trying to rescue their careers by
getting TV coverage. It was being filmed in front of a live audience, so
security was just as important as was the presence of the Saint John�s
Ambulance service. At the end of the filming, the TV Company announced they
would like to thank the following, The Saint John�s Ambulance service and here
to accept a bottle of wine for their efforts is Miss Eleanor Smith. I watched
as she walked forward and could not help but think she was much too good for
the likes of me. She accepted the wine and left. Next for his excellent
management of our security needs this bottle goes to, Mr. Ray Francis. I
stepped forward and spoke quietly to the presenter, saying I could not accept
the gift because our company rules forbade it. However I would be glad for them
to pass it on to the first aiders on my behalf for all their hard work.

&nbsp;

Again Eleanor
came forward and collected the second bottle of wine. She smiled and mouthed
thank you to me as she left. Once the stars had left, I began my usual routine
and walk round the building securing outside doors. As I passed the first aid
room, Eleanor called me in. �thanks for the wine� she said �have you got a
corkscrew?� 

&nbsp;

my sense of
humour kicked in as I replied �Of course I have, I am a male after all� 

&nbsp;

�No I mean a real
one� she quipped. 

&nbsp;

�Of course its
real, I am not made of rubber� I challenged. 

&nbsp;

�No, No, I want
to open this bottle of wine to share with my staff� she retorted. 

&nbsp;

�Oh ok I will
scrounge one from catering and be back soon!� I offered. When I returned, we
stood in the First aid room, had a drink of wine and a cigarette. 

&nbsp;

A lump of ash
fell from the end of the cigarette, it landed on my thigh. With out a word,
Eleanor got up came round my side of the desk and lightly brushed away the ash,
making sure she contacted my soft penis. It jerked as she brushed over it. I
said �I will give you six months to stop that�. She smiled and returned to her
seat. 

&nbsp;

As I started to
leave to finish my rounds, she asked �Want some company on your rounds?� 

&nbsp;

�Ok, if you�re
finished here.� I replied. 

&nbsp;

�Well I have to
come back here to run my colleagues home, but if anything happens at this late
stage they can contact me through your radio� she said. So we walked out of the
room and down the corridor. As we approached the back of the building, she
grabbed my hand and pulled me into a storage room. Next thing we were kissing,
her hand feeling my prick hardening to her touch. I returned the compliment by
squeezing her right breast. Suddenly a noise attracted my attention to back out
in the corridor. Having checked what caused the noise, I found the cleaner just
walking away from us. 

&nbsp;

I asked Eleanor
�What wine do you prefer?� 

&nbsp;

she replied
�Librafraumilch, why?� 

&nbsp;

�Well next week I
will bring you a bottle for you to share with your staff and a separate bottle
for you and me!� I answered. 

&nbsp;

What I did not
know was fates conspired against me and because of my experience I was sent to
a different site the following week and for the next four weeks was kept busy
away from the sports centre. I thought Just my bloody luck.

&nbsp;

Eventually
someone must have complained about the standard of staff being supplied to the
centre because on the Saturday morning I was told the following week I was to
be back at the sports centre. That night I phoned the centre security officer
and asked him to check out the first aid room. �Ask for Eleanor, and if she is
there ask her if she is still on for the bottle of wine she was promised?� 

&nbsp;

Nervously I waited
ten minutes for him to return �Eleanor says you bet!� was his reply. 

&nbsp;

I pick up during
the week, a bottle of Librafraumilch and a bottle of champagne. When Eleanor
arrived that Saturday evening, I approached her and said �I have something for
you in my security room!� 

&nbsp;

she replied �all
you security guards say that, you just want to get me into your room you. Kinky
man� I let the comment go after pinching her arse as she turned to walk away,
she looked back smiling. 

&nbsp;

Later I dropped
off the wine for her to share with her staff and whispered to her that I have a
separate bottle of stuff for you. Pick it up before you leave. 

&nbsp;

She asked �What
time do you finish here, as I know this is not an all night site?� 

&nbsp;

�11.30 is my lock
up time, I have ten minute window to set the alarms or we would be invaded by
local police� was my reply. 

&nbsp;

�Ok, I will run
my staff home and will wait outside in the car park for you afterwards!� she
added. I nodded. 

&nbsp;

At 11.30 pm I
went to set the alarm, but because of a cleaner wedging a door, the alarm went
of and two minutes later the place was swarming with police officers. I advised
them that the alarm had malfunctioned and was just going to reset it now. They
waited till the alarm was set and the doors locked before they went away. I
walked over to the only car left in the car park and found a not too amused
Eleanor. 

&nbsp;

�What happened?�
she asked.� 

&nbsp;

I explained �a
bloody cleaner had wedged cardboard in an external door when they had been
putting out the rubbish, it triggered the alarm!�� 

&nbsp;

Eleanor explained
�I had two randy coppers come snooping around my car� I looked at her and
thought well I can understand them being randy, because she sat there in the
smallest mini skirt I have ever seen, a white sheer blouse which clearly showed
her aroused nipples and told me she had no bra on.

&nbsp;

I opened my bag
and showed her the champagne, �Where do you want to drink this?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

�As my flat mates
are away, let�s take there to drink, shall we?� she replied. I nodded. As she
drove to her flat she deliberately flicked the edge of her skirt up exposing
the edge of her white knickers. Then her legs flopped open, or as much as she
dare whilst driving. I notice a darker patch at the base of her knickers,
obviously she was becoming aroused. 

&nbsp;

When we arrived
at her flat, she collected two glasses as we headed for the living room. She
turned to me and wrapped me in her arms, eager I suppose to renew that kiss
from a month ago. Her tongue traced the shape of my lips and snaked its way
into my mouth, I brought my hands up towards her soft breasts. Locating the
already hardening nipples, I gave them a gently twist, which caused Eleanor to
softly moan into my open mouth. She quickly pulled away and suggested I open the
Champagne. I poured two glasses and offered a �Cheers� as I took a sip, she did
likewise. 

&nbsp;

She then said
�Let�s not waste anymore time. I want you in my bed!� she led the way to her
bedroom where in 2 seconds flat she was stark naked. Hardly surprising though
she only had three items to remove. She walk forward to me and began undoing my
trousers.

&nbsp;

We climbed into
bed, as my arm cradled her neck she took another drink from her glass and said
�Ray, I want you to fuck my brains out!� 

&nbsp;

�I will try my very
best� was the only reply I could manage. Climbing into the missionary position,
I rubbed my hard cock along her moist slit, before slowly pushing its full
seven inches slowly into her. 

&nbsp;

As I built up the
pace of our fucking, she suddenly said �Ray, what would be your ultimate
fantasy?� 

&nbsp;

I stopped and
looked at her, saying �I suppose like most men, to have too sexy horny women in
the same bed at once!� 

&nbsp;

�Oh that�s easy
to arrange� came her reply. 

&nbsp;

�What�s your
fantasy, then?� I enquired. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly she went
shy, saying �No, I can�t tell you! You�ll think me a pervert or something!� I
assured her that nothing she told me would shock me, so with a little
persuasion she said �OK, let me out and I will show you!� intrigued I rolled
off her and watched as she climbed out of bed, walked over to a wardrobe,
opened the door, reached in and the turned. In her hand she held a nine foot
leather whip, the kind you see in western films. I must be honest and say at
first I panicked, thinking she wanted me to use this on her or even worse she
wanted to use it on me.

&nbsp;

I think she saw
the panic in my eyes, as she smiled and said �No, silly I don�t want to whip
you or you me, but I love to have this rubbed over my cunt and tits as a warm
up for sex. And I love the feel of it wrapped around my hands in a sort of
bondage way, with the handle end having been used on my cunt, being forced into
my mouth for me to suck� 

&nbsp;

I breathe a sigh
of� relief and said �That�s OK, if it�s
what turns you on!� she handed me the whip and for the next 20 minutes, I
caressed every inch of her skin with the whip, teasing her nipples with the
bulb like end before tracing a path down towards her cunt. By the time I reach
her cunt, not only was he soaking but she was giving out little body tremors.

&nbsp;

Easing the end
between her cunt lips, I slowly inserted about five inches of the handle and
began to fuck her with it. Suddenly her orgasm broke and she squirted some much
as she came that my arm and hand were drenched in cunt juice. Never had I seen
a woman shoot cum, it looked like she was pissing, an arc of fluid almost three
feet. I removed the whip handle and starting at the tip end I wound the whip
around her wrists, until about two feet of the whip remained. 

&nbsp;

�Open wide,
Bitch. You�re going to suck this clean!� I said. She shook her head in a
feigned refusal. I brought the handle down to her lips, but she shied away from
it. Almost forcing her head towards the handle I pressed the handle to her
lips. Still she refused. 

&nbsp;

�OK, Slut, it�s
your choice! Either open up and suck this fucking sticky cunt juice from this
whip or I am going to Spank you till you can�t sit for a week!� I threatened.
Her eyes widened as slowly she opened her mouth. 

&nbsp;

As she sucked the
handle, I could see the passion in her eyes rekindle. This really was turning
her on again. 

&nbsp;

�So, you like to
be ordered to do things with the threat of punishment, do you?� I asked. She
simply nodded. While she continued to suck the handle, I re mounted her and
pounded her cunt. Just before I cum up her I pulled out and pressed the whip
handle to one side of her mouth forming a little hollow between her lips and
her tongue. I quickly wanked my cock into its first eruption and aimed it to
deposit my load against the handle and her lips. A pool of spunk formed just
inside her lips. Mind you a lot more went over her eyes, nose and even some
into her hair. Almost as if stirring a pot I moved the handle around coating it
in the white sticky goo.

&nbsp;

�Now clean that
off the handle, my pretty cum slut!� I ordered. After she had thoroughly
cleaned the handle. 

&nbsp;

she said �I need
to go to the toilet, Master, I need to pee and to clean this mess off my face� 

&nbsp;

I climbed out of
bed and said �Come on then bitch!� again she looked wide eyed at me. 

&nbsp;

�What, you�re
going to go with me?� she enquired. 

&nbsp;

�Yes, why do
think you�re above me watching you take a leak?� I demanded. 

&nbsp;

�Sorry Master, I
have never pissed in front of anyone before!� she offered. When we got to the
bathroom, I instructed her to stand in the bath facing me, 

&nbsp;

�now squat down,
with your knees as wide apart as you can� I demanded. �Now let�s see you piss!�
I added. A slow trickle began to emerge from her pee hole and quickly turned
into a torrent as her bladder muscle relaxed. 

&nbsp;

�See it�s not so
hard is it!� I offered. 

&nbsp;

She smiled weakly
and said �yes, Master!� I suddenly had the urge to relieve my bladder also, so
I told her to remain there as I release a long jet of golden fluid over her
knees, aiming my prick I directed the flow to her cunt and up towards her
breasts. As I did so some splashed up towards her face, she instinctively
opened her mouth and tasted my piss. 

&nbsp;

When she saw I
had noticed this, she blushed, saying �I have always wanted to try that!� I
turned the bath mixer taps over to the shower and rinsed her off. We returned
to bed and slept with me spooned around her. 

&nbsp;

We both must have
been really tired, because it was 10 am when we woke. I instantly became aware
of other movement in the flat. I nudged Eleanor who said �Oh its ok that will
be Teresa or Emma! My other flat mates!� 

&nbsp;

�Thought you said
they were not home!� I enquired. 

&nbsp;

�That was last
night, silly. Maybe one of them came home earlier this morning!� she offered.
Suddenly her bedroom door flew open, standing there was a woman about 5�5� tall
wearing a dressing gown which was not fastened. I immediately saw that was all
she was wearing and her tits and cunt were on full view. She immediately
snatched the edges of her gown and held them together. 

&nbsp;

�Sorry, I thought
you were alone, Eleanor!� she said �I heard movement and thought I would offer
you a cup of tea� she added. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor looked at
me and said �Tea or coffee?� It was as if nothing had happened, I don�t think I
would have been so cool if my flat mate had just exposed himself to my
overnight guest. 

&nbsp;

�Coffee, white
with two sugars, please� I stammered. 

&nbsp;

�I�ll have a
coffee to please, Emma� Eleanor calmly said.

&nbsp;

With that Emma
turned and trotted off leaving the bedroom door wide open, although I did
detect a sly over the shoulder glance as she walked away. 

&nbsp;

�Are you all like
this when your home, don�t any of you knock before going to each others rooms?�
I asked. 

&nbsp;

�Why no, what
have we got to hide, we all have the same equipment� she replied 

&nbsp;

�But we could
have been making love, or something� I offered. 

&nbsp;

�You�ll get used
to not being embarrassed once you have stayed here a few times.� �Although we
do draw the line at making out in the front room in front of each other, after
all that�s why we have separate bedrooms� she added.

&nbsp;

Not much later,
Emma came walking down the hall towards us, her gown wide open again as she had
a cup in each hand. Bold as brass she walked to Eleanor�s side of the bed and
leaning forward placed the cups on the bedside cabinet. Standing up again she
smiled, not attempting to close her gown. 

&nbsp;

�Hope you like?�
she said. Eleanor said 

&nbsp;

�Slow down, Emma,
He�s mine; Put your charms away there�s a good girl�. By the tone of Eleanor�s
voice I could tell she was not even annoyed at the play just been made by Emma.


&nbsp;

�Spoil sport� was
all Emma said as she left, again leaving the door wide open.

&nbsp;

Eleanor and I
slowly got up and dressed, I noticed that Emma had a clear view from the
kitchen into Eleanor�s bedroom. She was stood smiling with her dressing gown
wide open slowly fingering her cunt. 

&nbsp;

I arranged to see
her again on my day off in three days time. Eleanor�s parting words to me were
�See if you can come up with something really exciting for me to do, MASTER�
really stressing the word master.

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-04T19:24:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:24:00Z
  10
  3657
  20845
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  173
  48
  24454
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent


&nbsp;

Chapter 2 ---
Disturbed.

&nbsp;

On the Tuesday, I
picked Eleanor up from where she worked, because her car was being serviced. I
expected her to dress for more formally at work because of the status of her
job, but no. She came out wearing a short mini skirt, and a neat blue blouse.
She climbed in the car and reached across to kiss me.

&nbsp;

As we pulled away
from the kerb, she waved to a woman on the street. �Goodnight Janet!� she
yelled. Janet gave her a thumbs up and blew a kiss. �That was Janet, my
assistant� she volunteered. She made herself comfortable beside me, kicking off
her shoes and spreading her long legs. 

&nbsp;

Immediately I
noticed the gusset of her white knickers showing from beneath the skirt.
Eleanor saw me looking and attempted to widen her legs even more. �I can�t wait
to get my bra and knickers off� she said. 

&nbsp;

I looked at her
and said �Well, what�s stopping you?� She gulped and immediately began to UN
button her blouse, quick as a flash her bra was dropped between her feet. As
she started to re button her blouse, I said �Only the bottom three, Slave� she
re adjusted the buttons fastening only the bottom three. 

&nbsp;

Then she slipped
her panties down her legs and over her ankles. She held them up to show me she
had removed them, just as a bus pulled up on her side of the car. The Bus
driver did a double take as he looked into my car. I realized what had startled
him so, from his position, he must have been able to see straight down her
blouse, see her bald cunt lips showing from beneath her skirt as well as seeing
her holding her knickers and the bra between her feet. 

&nbsp;

I told Eleanor
�Seems you have an audience� she looked up towards the driver ran a finger
along her cunt lips and the popped the finger into her mouth before blowing him
a kiss. The poor bus driver stalled his vehicle as we pulled away laughing.

&nbsp;

The rest of the
journey to her flat was pretty much ordinary, or as ordinary as it could be
with a woman intent of flashing her cunt to all and sundry. We parked outside
the launderette, which was beneath the flat Eleanor, Teresa and Emma shared.
Walked to the end of the row of shops (4 units) round the side and then back
down the alley to her front door. 

&nbsp;

As we walked she
said �You will meet Teresa today, but don�t worry both she and Emma are off
out, George, Teresa�s boyfriend is supposed to be picking her up to go to a
party and Emma�s off to see her mum. So we will have the place to ourselves
real soon!�

&nbsp;

I suddenly
remembered I had left my bag in the boot of the car, but thought I can fetch it
when we are alone, less likely to cause embarrassment. I said �When they have
left, I will fetch my bag from the car!� 

&nbsp;

�What bag�
Eleanor enquired. 

&nbsp;

�The bag we will
need for our evenings fun!� I replied.

&nbsp;

Eleanor
introduced me to Teresa, although to be honest I thought she thought I should
have been scraped off Eleanor�s foot outside. My immediate impression was stuck
up bitch. 

&nbsp;

Just then Emma
made an appearance and did not help matters by saying �OH, Hi Ray, I did not
recognize you with your clothes on!� I received a cold hard stare from Teresa. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor dragged
me by my hand and led me to her bedroom. She called out �Any chance of a cup of
coffee, Emma�. 

&nbsp;

Emma replied
�Yeah, ok. You want one too Ray?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes please� I
replied. 

&nbsp;

Five minutes
later, Emma just waltzed into Eleanor�s bedroom with two coffees. Eleanor never
even blushed at the fact she was stark naked. She took her coffee from Emma and
promptly gave her a kiss, not on the cheek but full on the mouth. Emma blushed
as she handed me my coffee, Eleanor said �Come on Ray, Thank Emma for your
coffee!� �I am sure she would love you to stroke her cunt or let her stroke
your cock� 

&nbsp;

Emma started to
protest, until I said �Is that right, Emma. How about I tease your nipples,
that is till I get to know you better!� Eleanor spun to face me. The look on
her face said you dare. I reached behind Emma�s head and pulled her head
towards me, I kissed her full on the lips forcing my tongue into her mouth. I
also made sure that Eleanor saw me feel Emma�s tits. Emma meekly accepted my
groping, before fleeing the bedroom. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor said �You
Bastard!� 

&nbsp;

I replied �Do not
ever tell me to do anything, if you don�t want me to do it!� �Because I would
do it in spite of you!� I then told Eleanor, �Be really careful because you
don�t know what I have planned and if you upset me you could be made to suffer
even more!� She nodded. �Besides I thought we had sorted out, last Saturday
that I am your Master not the other way around!� I added. 

&nbsp;

�Sorry Master�
she offered.

&nbsp;

�Eleanor came up to me, wrapped her arms around
me and asked �What have you got planned, Love?� 

&nbsp;

I laughed and
said �You�ll just have to wait and see!� 

&nbsp;

�Emma, can you
come here, please� Eleanor called out. When Emma entered the room, Eleanor said
�Sorry about earlier, Ray has told me to apologise and ask you if you would
like to stay in with us tonight� 

&nbsp;

I interrupted
�Emma, that�s not true. I told Eleanor that I would not tell her what was
planned for tonight; she now thinks that if you stay in tonight she will escape
from my plans!� �You are more than welcome to stay in with us but you may
become embarrassed watching Eleanor suffer her punishments� I added.

&nbsp;

Emma said �Thanks
for the invite, but I am meeting a friend outside the cinema!� With that she
turned and walked out of the room. 

&nbsp;

I turned to
Eleanor and said �Nice try, but you�ll have to do much better to get one over
on me!� �Now, put on your see through white blouse and a knee length skirt,
nothing else and come into the living room when you�re ready!� I added. I then
went back to my car and retrieved my bag.

&nbsp;

By the time I
came back to the flat door, a man I assumed to be George was leaving with
Teresa. I introduced myself and shook his hand. Teresa dragged him away. I
entered the flat and passed Emma as she was leaving, 

&nbsp;

�Enjoy your film,
Emma� I offered. 

&nbsp;

�Thanks Ray, you
enjoy your evening as well� she replied. 

&nbsp;

�Oh, I intend
too!� I countered. With that Emma left.

&nbsp;

I carried my bag
into the living room. I moved the dining table to with in 5 feet in front of
the TV, squared it up in such a way that when tied to it Eleanor would still be
able to see the screen. Eleanor walked into the living room, wearing exactly
what I had instructed her to. I laid her across the table, with her head
overhanging facing the TV. I then tied each of her arms to a separate table leg
and her legs to the remaining two legs. UN doing her blouse I exposed her
breasts, and then I raised the hem of her skirt exposing her cunt. 

&nbsp;

Going to my bag I
retrieved a roll of wide packing tape, tore two short lengths about 3 inches in
length, I folded over one edge sticky side to sticky side to give me a tab and
stuck them across her nipples. 

&nbsp;

I then lowered my
head and blew gently across her cunt lips; she shivered as the cool sensation
hit her expose lips. I stood up, walked around to my bag and removed the enema
bag, a butcher�s hook and a long length of tubing. I fixed the hook on to a
picture rail (for those not aware of the English idea of a picture rail, it�s a
wooden moulding fastened to the wall about six inches from the ceiling. In
Victorian times it was for hiding the fixings to hang pictures from, hence its
name.) 

&nbsp;

I turned to Eleanor
and said �Won�t be long, don�t go anywhere. Will you� I went into the kitchen
to prepare a warm soapy enema. When I returned I hung the bag on the hook
making sure the valve on the tubing was closed. I turned on the TV and started
the Video preloaded before Eleanor�s appearance. The screen spring into life as
two large Black males began to bind a single white female. I Suggested that
Eleanor would find the film interesting in not erotic. 

&nbsp;

I ordered her to
keep watching the film. Walking once again around the table to between her
legs, I slowly traced my tongue from her inner thigh up towards he cunt. 

&nbsp;

I deliberately
stopped just before contacting her cunt lips, then repeated this on her other
thigh. I saw her response as her cunt lips unfolded and her clitoris began to
peek through. I gently blew on to her clitoris before parting her cunt lips
with my fingers. For the next 45 minutes I bathed her cunt in soft penetrating
licks, bringing her to several orgasms. At one stage I had to admonish her for
her vocal cries were becoming too loud for comfort. It was at this point I
eased the enema nozzle gently but firmly into her anal ring, setting the flow
to a reasonable rate.

&nbsp;

I then removed my
clothes, and walked in front of her upturned head, I pushed my hard cock
against her mouth. Instinctively she opened her mouth and bathed my cock head
in gentle licks. I told her to open her throat as I slowly pushed my seven
inches into her mouth; she gagged so I withdrew my prick slightly allowing her
to gasp air before returning to slip my prick down her throat. Each time her
gag reflex occur I slightly with drew before finally achieving the full
insertion of my prick. 

&nbsp;

I slowly began to
fuck her mouth. �Eleanor, I must warn you that if you spill any of the enema
fluid from your arse, you will be punished� I warned her. 

&nbsp;

�Ohhh
omhgghtahst� was her reply. I took this to be acceptance as it was hard for her
to speak with her mouth full.

&nbsp;

I let my hands
drop down on to her breasts, gently finding the tabs. Gripping them between my
finger and thumb I yanked my left hand upwards, her right breast pulled away
from her chest as the sticky tape began to part away from her breast. The last
thing to spring back towards her chest was the erect nipple. I instantly felt her
throat muscles tighten around my cock. Dropping this tape I felt her newly
exposed nipple and lightly twisted it. 

&nbsp;

It felt hard and
rubbery between my fingers. Again Eleanor let out an animalistic unintelligible
noise. Reaching further down her body I rubbed her stomach feeling the almost
wave like motion of the enema filling her colon. 

&nbsp;

My right hand
whizzed upwards repeating the effects on her left breast, again her throat
muscles contracted. I then continued to fuck her mouth whilst gently rubbing
her stomach. I knew I was not going to last much longer and wanting to save my
load to fill her arse, 

&nbsp;

I withdrew my
prick from her mouth. �Oh Master, what are you doing to me, I feel so
wonderfully bloated and as horny as hell� she murmured. 

&nbsp;

Just then I heard
someone clapping, I looked up and saw George and Teresa standing by the living
room door. I tried to cover my prick. Teresa walked past me and stood looking
at the TV, by now the white woman had on black cock up her arse and the second
pumping into her cunt. 

&nbsp;

�I haven�t seen
this one, you must lend it to me!� she said. Then turning to George she said
�George get into my bedroom and remove all your clothes, put on the items I
have laid out for you and return here at once!� 

&nbsp;

As George turned
and left the room Teresa said �George is such a sweetie but weak as dish water,
don�t worry about covering up, I am well aware of this bitch�s sexual likes and
dislikes. Aren�t I slut?� 

&nbsp;

�Yes Mistress�
was Eleanor�s response.

&nbsp;

I think it dawned
on me just then the resentment that Teresa had shown was borne of a Mistress
losing her Slave with out consent. I turned to Teresa and said �She was your
slave, before mine� 

&nbsp;

She replied �Oh
no nothing like that, just occasionally she would do as she was told where
George was concerned, you could say she helped me humiliate George enough to
reach my current position with him.�

&nbsp;

She added �May be
I will look forward to the challenge of subligating you!� I told her she had no
chance. 

&nbsp;

�I now see the challenge
to put you in your rightful place at the feet of a master!� I added. With that
I grabbed her wrists and pulled her over to the settee. Sitting down I forced
her across my knee and raised her Skirt. She was wearing powder blue knickers
with matching self supporting stockings. In one fell swoop her knickers were
around her knees and the first hard slap careered down on the white plump ass
cheeks. 

&nbsp;

�Ouch, you�ll pay
for that� she yelled. A further three just as hard slaps brought a rosy pink
flush to her arse and suddenly she stopped struggling. �Stop, Stop please stop�
she begged. I noticed the defiance in her voice was now gone. I paused my
assault on her arse. Her free hand came round and gently rubbed her reddening
cheeks. 

&nbsp;

I pushed her on
to the floor and told her �On your knees bitch, my cock wants to feel the
inside of your throat� She looked at me with anger in her eyes. Like a queen
that had just been toppled from her throne. Slowly she climbed on to her knees
and approached me, she reached out towards my prick but I tapped her hands
away. �Did I say you could touch my prick?� I said. I thought this was probably
a ploy of hers to try to turn the tables. She apologized and opened her mouth
to accept my prick. Warily I allowed her to take my prick head into her mouth
after warning her �Don�t even think of biting my prick, or I warn you that your
cunt would need major surgery before you would be able to use it to even piss
through� 

&nbsp;

I know it was an
idle threat but it seemed to work as she gently lapped at the head of my prick.


&nbsp;

Suddenly Eleanor
moaned �Master, I can�t hold on much longer my belly hurts!� 

&nbsp;

I suddenly
remembered that the enema was still flowing in to her. I pushed Teresa away and
stopped the flow. I rubbed Eleanor�s now bloated belly and said �Hold it in for
another five minutes and then my new bitch here will take you to the toilet. 

&nbsp;

I turned to
Teresa and said �Strip now and make an erotic one for my pleasure!� 

&nbsp;

�Fuck you!� she
replied. 

&nbsp;

I grabbed her
hair and said �What was that bitch!� I forced her head down raising her arse as
my free hand swung through the air and crashed into her red arse cheeks. 

&nbsp;

�Ouch� she cried.
�Sorry master, I will do anything you tell me to but don�t smack me again� she
begged. 

&nbsp;

I let her go and
she raised herself up on to her feet and began dancing to some imaginary music
as she removed her clothing. Just then George walked into the room, Red faced
and dressed as a French maid including stockings.

&nbsp;

Teresa stopped
her dancing and stared at George. �Who told you to stop� I called to her.

&nbsp;

She immediately
recommenced her gyrations and said �George, Sweetie, I want you to meet our new
master.� George gulped as he looked at me. I instructed George to untie Eleanor
and take her to the toilet, but only allow her to stand in the bath and I want
a full report of what she does. He nodded and set about undoing the ropes
binding Eleanor. Meanwhile I gently removed the Enema nozzle. 

&nbsp;

By the time
George and Eleanor returned, Teresa was stark naked and I was inspecting her.
�Tits too flabby, nipples ok though. Do you like them pinched, twisted or
simply pulled?� I commented. 

&nbsp;

�Pinched, Master�
she replied. 

&nbsp;

�What have we
here?� I said as I gently tugged on her pubic hair. 

&nbsp;

�Ouch, master�
she responded. 

&nbsp;

�Eleanor get over
here!� I commanded. �Look at this, what is wrong with this?� I asked as I
pointed towards her pubes. 

&nbsp;

�Master, you
insist all your slaves are properly shaved and it looks so untidy like that!�
she replied. 

&nbsp;

�Correct, my
little slut. How do you suggest we remedy this situation?� I enquired. 

&nbsp;

�I could take her
away and shave her Master!� replied Eleanor. �Or I think I have some Hair
removal wax, somewhere!� she offered.

&nbsp;

Teresa said �I
don�t mind being shaved, but not the wax, please� I said 

&nbsp;

�Do you remember
your reaction to me, earlier tonight! You thought I was not fit to be in the
same room as you! Well now its time to pay for that attitude!� I said. �Eleanor
find me the wax, George get me some hot water!� I ordered. 

&nbsp;

When the pair of
them left the room, Teresa came up to me and whispered �I will be a good girl
and shave this off for you, I promise but please not the wax, it will hurt
terribly!� 

&nbsp;

�Yes, I know it
will, but think of this, If it was George who was to be done, and you were in
charge which would you use. Shaving or Wax?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

Teresa�s eyes
looked downwards to the floor and she never answered. �I thought so. You have
just answered your own question as to why it has to be the wax!� I said.

&nbsp;

�Teresa get on
the table, on your back! NOW!� I demanded. Meekly she climbed on the table just
as Eleanor and George returned. �George, Tie Teresa�s hands down like Eleanor�s
were earlier! Eleanor you tie her legs down just as yours were!� I ordered.
Taking a longer strip of the broad tape, again creating a tab on I pressed it
over Teresa�s closed mouth. 

&nbsp;

�George, Teresa
has always led you a dog�s life, has she not?� I enquired. 

&nbsp;

�Yes Ray� he
replied. I immediately slapped his face. �Sorry Sir I meant to say Yes, Master�
he repeated. 

&nbsp;

�That�s better� I
warned him. �Despite your lack of respect for me, I still think its justice for
you to do the honours of using the wax to remove her pubic hair� I said.
Teresa�s eyes shot wide open and she began shaking her head, trying to say no!
Whilst George performed his tasks on Teresa, I had Eleanor prepare two of the
lengths of broad tape similar to the ones I had used on her Tits. And told her
to apply them over Teresa�s nipples, but only after sucking the nipples to
their full erect state. �Don�t forget to dry her nipples before applying the
tape!� I reminded Eleanor.

&nbsp;

I in the mean
time walked behind George and lifted the hem of his maid�s uniform. It became
clear now why it had taken so long to get ready, He was wearing stockings,
suspender belt and a pair of bright red crutch less knickers. His already hard
and swollen prick sticking straight out.

&nbsp;

George coated the
molten wax over the area of her pubes, and stood waiting for it to solidify. He
was almost drooling as he watched Eleanor teasing Teresa�s nipples. I asked him
�Were you ever allowed to suck her nipples, George?� 

&nbsp;

�Never, not even
before I became her slave� he replied. 

&nbsp;

�What else were
you stopped from doing to her?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

�I was only
allowed to fuck her missionary style, and then only when she said so. I was
allowed to lick her arse but only after she had visited the toilet. I was never
permitted to put anything in her arse at all� he ventured. �She would never ever
suck me off!� he added.

&nbsp;

�And would you
like her to suck you off, or fuck her up the arse, or even suck her tits?� I
asked. 

&nbsp;

�Oh yes, master
many a time I longed to take her up the arse or even fuck her between her tits,
while she sucked the head of my prick!� he offered. Teresa�s eyes shot him a
look of hatred. 

&nbsp;

�Well tonight you
are going to be sucked off but you will be punished if you cum in her mouth,
you will have to shoot over her face. You see its humiliating for a bitch like
her to become a cum slut� I told him. 

&nbsp;

�Oh thank you
master� he replied. I think I almost felt sorry for George, knowing as I did
that what ever I told him to do he would pay for when in private with Teresa.

&nbsp;

By now the wax
had hardened, Eleanor had finished applying the sticky tape across Teresa�s
tits. I leaned towards Teresa and said �Is my slut bitch ready to be de
flowered of her pubic hair?� She violently shook her head and with pleading
eyes begged to be let off. �Proceed, George!� I commanded. As he pulled the
first strip of wax from her body, I murmured to Eleanor �When he gets close to
pulling the hairs from her cunt lips, I want you to rip off one of the sticky
tapes� She nodded. 

&nbsp;

As George pulled
the first strip from Teresa�s pubic region she arched her back going with the
pull. But to no avail, she could not raise herself high enough to prevent the
wax soaked hairs being ripped from her body. I went to my bag and produce a
long length of soft silk rope and secured Teresa�s waist firmly to the table. Then
I looked at George�s handiwork, there was a bright pink strip complete void of
hair where only seconds ago there had been a thick forest of jet black hair.
�Carry on, George� I said, whilst nodding at Eleanor. 

&nbsp;

As George pulled
the adjacent strip of wax from her pubic area, Eleanor yanked of the sticky
tape on her right breast. Teresa struggled with the attention. Soon both the
sticky tapes were removed and her cunt area whilst pink and sore looking was
now denude of hair. 

&nbsp;

I reached into my
bag and brought out some aftershave, �this may sting for a little while but its
better than the tingling feeling you would have to endure� I told Teresa. I
applied a generous amount to my hands and dabbed it on to her pubic bone. She
twisted and turned as the lotion began its work.

&nbsp;

When she had
calmed down, I gently removed her tape gag and she said �You Bastards That
really hurt!� 

&nbsp;

I slapped her
face and warned �Imagine then if I was to finger fuck you now with the
aftershave still on my fingers!� 

&nbsp;

suddenly she
realized �sorry Master. I just lost my sense of presence� she added.

&nbsp;

I told Eleanor to
suck on George�s cock till I come back. I went and washed my hands returning to
find Eleanor eagerly devouring George�s cock beneath his frilly hem of the French
maid�s uniform. 

&nbsp;

�Teresa, are you
going to suck Georges cock and let him cum on your face?� I asked. Realising
that to refuse would result in further punishment she meekly nodded her head. 

&nbsp;

So that night
George got Teresa to suck his cock, and he blasted copious amounts of white
cream over her face, which I made Eleanor lick off but she was not allowed to
swallow it. She then transferred the cum from her mouth into George�s, before
he swallowed his own cum. I then allowed Teresa to be untied and asked �Do you
want George to sleep with you tonight bitch� 

&nbsp;

Teresa replied
�If that is your wish master!� I turned to George and said �I have a better
idea, George are you tired?� he replied no not really. �Good Then all of you
follow me!� I insisted. Walking in to Teresa�s room I was glad to see a four
poster bed. I immediately produce a pair of metal handcuffs from the bag I had
brought with me and cuffed George�s hands around the post.

&nbsp;

I then Tied
Eleanor and Teresa together with ropes on each arm and leg and finally a rope
that went around their waists and then between their legs to be fastened behind
the other persons back. I laid them down on their sides on the bed. Returning
to my bag I produce a 15 inch long double dong and slipped one end into
Eleanor�s cunt, over the rope and eased the other end into Teresa�s cunt.
Further objects taken from my bag include a vibrating butterfly which I secured
trapped between the two women�s tits. This was held in place with a further
length of rope tied tightly around their upper chest having been threaded under
their arms. Next two smaller vibrators were inserted into each of the women�s
arses. 

&nbsp;

All three
vibrators were then set to a steady hum and finally I produce a vibrating butt
plug, looking at George. I said �must not leave you out of the fun, Eh, George�
I eased this into his arse and turned it on.

&nbsp;

I stood surveying
my handy work; I could not imagine any of them getting much rest tonight.
Already the girls were moaning and George, well George was fucking an imaginary
body in front of him. As I turned to leave I said �nitey night� and laughed as
I switched out the lights. 

&nbsp;

�I returned to the living room and re dressed.
About thirty minutes later, I heard George�s voice saying �Oh Fuck, I am going
to cum� and the two girls, well they were obviously already coming as the air
was full of grunts and groans. I was just about to go check on them when the
flat door opened and in stormed Emma.

&nbsp;

�Fucking men� she
said. 

&nbsp;

�Hello to you
too!� I said. 

&nbsp;

�Oh Sorry Ray,
but I have had it with that useless piece of shit called a boyfriend� she
moaned. I took her hand and led her into the living room, I forgot the video
was still running and as soon as she saw it she shot passed me and sat crossed
legged in front of the TV. 

&nbsp;

�Where is
Eleanor?� She asked. 

&nbsp;

�She is around,
but a bit tied up� I chuckled. 

&nbsp;

�Fancy missing a
film like this!� she countered. I walked over to her and paused the video
saying would you like to see where Eleanor is and why she is missing this film.
I took her outside Teresa�s room and said �Go in there and see for yourself�
with that I gave her a gentle push towards the door.

&nbsp;

She entered the
room����















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  3
  1032
  5889
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  49
  13
  6908
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent
Chptr 03

&nbsp;

Emma returned
from the bedroom, red faced but breathing hard. �George has made a real mess up
the front of his uniform!� she said. �Eleanor and Teresa are still trembling,
what have you done to them?� she added.

&nbsp;

�I have shown,
Teresa that she is not top bitch around here and in order for that lesson to
stick, she has to be left as she is till morning!� I stated. I took her arm and
led her back to the living room. �You obviously must be Submissive yourself, or
at least an exhibitionist, the way you brought our coffees in the other day� I
ventured. 

&nbsp;

�Yes well what of
it?� she responded. 

&nbsp;

�Oh Nothing!� I
replied. Leading her over to the sofa, I sat her down and hit play on the
video. Her attention was immediately drawn to the action on screen, just in
time to see the two black men pull out of the white woman�s arse and cunt and
send a torrent of white sticky cum over her face and hair. 

&nbsp;

I noticed at
this, Emma licking her lips and an mmh escaped her lips. 

&nbsp;

�Like the taste
of cum, do we?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

She never even
turned her head as she nodded, obviously to engrossed in the scenes before her.
I reached over and placed my hand just above her knee. Just a small amount of
pressure was needed to have her open her legs. I climbed down on to my knees
and crawled between her legs. I began kissing lightly her thighs and started
traveling those kisses towards her panty covered cunt.

&nbsp;

She opened her
legs even wider; her breathing became laboured as my butterfly light kisses covered
the expanse of her thigh, almost reached her panty line I stopped. I heard from
somewhere above my head the sigh and suddenly felt a hand trying to coax my
head back into contact with her thigh. I resisted, backed away slightly before
beginning again on her other thigh just above her knee. She visibly relaxed
upon my resumption; already I could see the growing dark patch at the entrance
to her cunt as her juices soaked into her white cotton panties. 

&nbsp;

Higher and higher
I gently kissed, until my nose made contact with the wet patch in her knickers.
She gave an involuntary shudder causing my nose to rub against her cunt. I
heard �Oh, yes Ray, take me to heaven� This time I deliberately press my nose
to her sweet smelling Cunt, for me there is no finer smell than a freshly
aroused pussy, except made be a freshly fucked one.

&nbsp;

Rhythmically
slowly nodding my head had my nose brushing against her pussy lips and clit. I
noted her breathing becoming short rasping breaths. Suddenly I pulled away and
sat on my heels. Her eyes flew open and she looked longingly at me. �You want
me to continue, slut� I asked. She simply nodded. �What do I get in return,
bitch� I added. 

&nbsp;

�Whatever you
command of me, master is yours, no reservations or restrictions!� she replied. 

&nbsp;

�Prove your
obedience to me, my cum slut� I demanded. 

&nbsp;

�How master?� she
sighed. Go into Eleanor�s room and find her Strap on Cock, remove all your
clothes and put on the rubber dick, then return!� I said. She immediately got
up and slowly removed her clothes, before going out of the living room. About 5
minutes later she returned with the black strap on cock fastened around her
waist. 

&nbsp;

�You want me to
fuck you, Master� she asked. 

&nbsp;

�Not me, slut,
But George!� I pointed out. 

&nbsp;

Her face went white
as she said �But Teresa would kill me!� 

&nbsp;

I replied �No she
won�t because she will be eager to lick this rubber cock clean afterwards,
trust me� I then stood up and taking Emma�s hand walked her into Teresa�s Room.
Teresa and Eleanor were still rocking against each other as yet another climax
neared. 

&nbsp;

�Master, please
may we stop now, our cunts are sore and we could not manage another cum
tonight� Teresa pleaded. 

&nbsp;

�That depends!� I
responded. 

&nbsp;

�On what?� Teresa
replied. 

&nbsp;

�On you, Teresa, you
see Emma here has this big black rubber strap on dick, I want her to fuck
George�s arse with it?� I responded. 

&nbsp;

�Ok, Master,
George will let her or face my wrath!� Teresa answered. 

&nbsp;

�Not so fast!� I
chided. 

&nbsp;

�You must then
clean this rubber cock with your mouth, when she has finished� I informed her. 

&nbsp;

Teresa looked at
me and shook her head, �No, no, never� she insisted. 

&nbsp;

�Fair enough!� I
responded. 

&nbsp;

�Then let�s see
what you say in an hour�s time after I increase the speed of these three
vibrators� I warned.

&nbsp;

I immediately set
about turning up the speed of the vibrators, when I heard �You stupid bitch.
Let her fuck him and if need be we would both lick it clean. My cunt can not
take much more of this buzzing from the inside of my arse� Eleanor rasped. 

&nbsp;

�Oh no, Eleanor,
Teresa must clean the cock herself!� I offered. 

&nbsp;

�I have other
plans for you, look at George he desperately wants his arse fucked and by the
look of the amount of cum on the front of his uniform, he will need you to lick
his cock clean!� I stated. �Well what is it to be, Teresa, do you still say
no!� I asked. 

&nbsp;

Between the
grunts of her next orgasm she wilted and said �Yes, ok Yes, whatever you want
me to do Master I will do, just give our cunts a rest, pleeeeeaaasssse� she
slurred the last word as yet another violent orgasm gripped her.

&nbsp;

�I am not sure
you mean it!� I chided. 

&nbsp;

�I do master,
please my body, mind and soul are yours to command� she begged. 

&nbsp;

�Very well. But
you had better not go back on this! Or your arse will be marked for life� I
warned. I turned the vibrators off, walked around behind George and said �Well
you won�t be needing this for now!� as I removed the butt plug. 

&nbsp;

Emma came beside
me and smiled, �My boyfriend often wanted me to slide a finger into his arse,
when he was fucking me, I always thought it gross.� She said. �But looking at
George�s open anal ring, waiting for this rubber cock, I think I have learned a
lesson now, I should never jump to conclusions with out trying something� she
added.

&nbsp;

She then eased
the black cock into George�s arse. 

&nbsp;

Teresa said �Go
fuck him hard girl� as Emma began her thrusts. I was not long before George was
begging for harder and harder thrust. 

&nbsp;

He suddenly
announced �OH my God, I am Cumming again! That�s the fifth time I have come
tonight!� 

&nbsp;

Emma continued to
fuck George for a little while longer, before pulling out and sticking the
black rubber cock in Teresa�s face. Teresa did not hesitate, but began licking
the cock clean. I undid George�s handcuffs and led him round to Eleanor�s side.
She twisted her head and began sucking up the white sticky goo that surrounds
his prick. 

&nbsp;

I smiled at Emma
and Said �See just one big happy fucking family� I then released Teresa and
Eleanor, allowed George to remove his soiled French maid�s uniform and
announced �Time for bed said ZEBBERDEE!�

&nbsp;

(For those not
aware Zebbedee is a fictional character from a 70�s TV show in England called
�THE MAGIC ROUNDABOUT� which always finished when he said Time for bed)

&nbsp;

� 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  5
  1355
  7725
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  64
  18
  9062
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent
chptr 4.

&nbsp;

Next morning the
flat was a hive of activity, as the three girls rushed around getting ready for
work. Every time one of them came close to me, she would blush slightly and
mumble a quick thank you. George mean while had grabbed his proper clothes and
left hastily. 

&nbsp;

I walked into
Eleanor�s room just as she was putting on her bra, walked up to her and said �I
must be going now babes, are you ok to get to work, or do you need a lift?� 

&nbsp;

�It�s ok, Emma
goes right by the shop and she will drop me! Besides I get my car back today�
she responded. �Will I see you tonight?� she added. 

&nbsp;

�Sorry, I am on
an all night site tonight! Don�t get another night off till Saturday!� I
replied. 

&nbsp;

�May be, we could
do something special then!� she said with a gleam in her eye. �You Know,
something really special outside, if you follow my drift!� she added. 

&nbsp;

�I will work
something out, you kinky bitch!� I chided as I gave her a quick kiss on the
cheek.

&nbsp;

Although the week
dragged, I had an idea forming in my mind. By Friday morning, all the basics
were in place. A quick phone call to Eleanor would settle the few remaining
details. �Eleanor, This is Ray! Saturday night will it be just you and me or
will the others be joining us?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

�Apparently
George will be out of town, Emma has had a bust up with her bloke, so it will
be the three girls and you!� she replied. 

&nbsp;

�That�s not what
I asked! Our outing, will it be just you and me or what?� I repeated. 

&nbsp;

�that�s up to our
Master!� she giggled. �Just let me hear his Master�s Voice, Tell me one way or
the other?� she ventured. 

&nbsp;

�HMV says we
could have more fun as a group� I retaliated. This was one of those weird
moments when you know you have said the wrong thing. 

&nbsp;

�HMV� she repeated
�Oh yes, from now on you will always be HMV!� she continued. So my nick name
stuck. 

&nbsp;

�See you tomorrow
night!� I ended the conversation.

&nbsp;

Saturday night at
6.30 pm, I arrived at their flat, carrying a large bottle of wine. I rang the
door bell and waited, it seemed ages before anyone answered the door and then
it was Emma wrapped in a bath towel. 

&nbsp;

�OH hi, Ray or
should that be HMV?� she said 

&nbsp;

�I take it
Eleanor has told you her new nick name for me then� I smiled. 

&nbsp;

�OH yes and very
apt if I may say so!� she replied. I squeezed past her as she closed the
door.� In the living room sat Teresa,
wearing a low cut full length dress, watching something on the TV. 

&nbsp;

�Evening!� I
offered. 

&nbsp;

She rose walked
over to me and kissed me full on the lips before saying �Evening, HMV!� this
was going to be a long night if they keep up this constant reference to my nick
name I thought. 

&nbsp;

�Master will do,
when actually in my presence� I chided. �Where is Eleanor?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

�In her bedroom,
I think!� she replied. 

&nbsp;

I walked into
Eleanor�s bedroom, just as she was bending over looking in a bottom drawer.
Whack! I slapped her arse, she jumped. 

&nbsp;

�What was that
for?� she enquired.� 

&nbsp;

�For telling
those two my nick name!� I replied. �I thought we were going out?� I added. 

&nbsp;

�We are, aren�t
we, only later?� she replied. 

&nbsp;

�you know your
going to have to pay for telling them my nick name with out my consent?� I
warned her. 

&nbsp;

�OH dear, what
will I have to do?� she quizzed. 

&nbsp;

�I know you three
keep a spare front door key across the road at the off licence! So I think a
suitable punishment would be to fetch that key!� I offered. 

&nbsp;

�Oh that�s easy!�
she stated. 

&nbsp;

�Just one minute,
You will have to fetch that key stark bullock naked!� I finished. 

&nbsp;

She suddenly
looked worried and blushed. �you can�t be serious! Old Fred the owner knows
me!� she said. 

&nbsp;

�Oh I am deadly
serious, or alternatively you can be spanked, every twenty minutes until I
leave to go home!� I offered. �hard spanks and six at a time!� I informed her.

&nbsp;

�what would I
tell him?� she asked. 

&nbsp;

�you locked
yourself out and need the key to get back in!� I replied. 

&nbsp;

�No, No, about
being naked?� she enquired. 

&nbsp;

�That�s up to
you!� I informed her. 

&nbsp;

�Oh very well, I
suppose I have no real choice!� she finished and began to remove the rest of
her clothes. Just then Emma appeared at the bedroom door. 

&nbsp;

�I was just
wondering if HMV would like a coffee?� she said. Eleanor cringed, 

&nbsp;

�Have I said
something wrong and are we still going out as a group later?� Emma asked. 

&nbsp;

�yes we are going
out together, later only Eleanor has a little job to do, right now!� I
responded. 

&nbsp;

Emma looked at
Eleanor and said �What ever is the matter, you look almost white?� 

&nbsp;

�Tell her Eleanor!�
I ordered. 

&nbsp;

�Master, here has
punished me for telling you his nickname, I either agree to be spanked every
twenty minutes throughout the evening or carry out a challenge� she said. 

&nbsp;

�Oh I would take
the challenge!� Emma replied. 

&nbsp;

�NO, The challenge
is to fetch the spare key stark naked!� Eleanor repeated. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Emma�s eyed widen
and she said �What are you going to do?� 

&nbsp;

�Do the
challenge!� Eleanor replied.

&nbsp;

Emma turned and
disappeared into the living room obviously to tell Teresa the news. 

&nbsp;

�well let�s get
this over with!� Eleanor said. Calmly she walked out of her bedroom, down the
hall and out the front door. Emma, Teresa and I crowded to the front room
window as saw Eleanor race across the road and into the off licence. She was in
there a good 15 minutes, before coming back out into the street, this time with
a raincoat covering her body. She raced across the road and back into the flat.
Bursting into the front room she thrust out her hand and displayed the set of
keys. 

&nbsp;

�Did I tell you,
you could cover up coming back?� I chided. 

&nbsp;

�You did not tell
me I couldn�t!� she replied. 

&nbsp;

�Besides when I
told him I was locked out in this state he offered me this coat, it was only
natural to take it or raise his suspicions even more!� she explained. 

&nbsp;

�open your coat
and spread your legs!� I demanded. Eleanor opened her coat, opened her legs.
�Teresa and Emma, check out how wet her cunt is!� I instructed. �using your
tongues� I added. So Teresa first, knelt between Eleanor�s legs and stuck out
her tongue just barely touching Eleanor�s cunt, before Emma replaced her. Both
agreed that her cunt was a wash with juices, I already knew she was high
aroused because of her breathing and the delightful pink blush across her chest
just above her breast, whose nipples were rock hard. 

&nbsp;

�Ok, my little
slut, I will allow your change of rules on this occasion!� I stated. 

&nbsp;

�You may now
dress in the clothes I told you too!� I concluded.

&nbsp;

I turned to Emma,
grabbed the towel she was wearing and pulled it free from her body. Her nipples
too were standing proud, and the tell tale sign of arousement were clearly
showing on her upper thigh. 

&nbsp;

�Go put on a
short skirt, blouse and nothing else, whore� I informed her. As she left, I
turned to Teresa. �I can see you have no bra on, by the state of your nipples,
but are you wearing knickers?� I demanded 

&nbsp;

�No master!� she
replied. �prove it raise your dress and bend over that armchair back!� I said
pointing to the chair. She raised her dress exposing her arse and meekly
trotted over to the arm chair where she promptly leaned over the back, as she
did so she had to open her legs to balance herself. I walked up behind her and
slid my hands onto the inside of her thighs. I probed her wet cunt with my
index finger making sure my thumb rubbed her anal ring. In Seconds I had Teresa
moaning and on the verge of cumming, I instantly stopped and told her to stand
and replace her clothing. Her face was flushed and her breathing quick as she
did as she was told.

&nbsp;

When all three
girls were ready, I opened by bag and removed three dog collars in blue, green
and red. I looked at the tags hanging from each in turn before giving the red
one to Emma to put around Eleanor�s neck. She read the tag which said �SLUT�
and then fastened it around Eleanor�s neck. I then gave Eleanor the blue
collar, whose tag read �BITCH� and told her this was for Teresa. Finally the
green Collar, which read �WHORE� was given to Teresa to put round Emma�s neck.
With that I made them sit, not in a chair mind, but as a dog would sit. 

&nbsp;

�I am going to be
taking my three bitch dogs for a walk very soon� I explained. �however there
are some rules, you must abide by! Rule one, you shall obey all my commands
first time of telling, I expect my bitches to behave!� I continued.

&nbsp;

�Rule two, Once
we reach the park and are safely with in it, you shall remove all your clothes
and adopt the four legged stance all bitches use� I stressed. 

&nbsp;

�Rule three, you
will be walked on leads, for however long I decide, so no pulling or trying to
scamper off!� I quipped. 

&nbsp;

�Rule four, if
you need to go to the toilet, you may squat like the bitches you are. On no
account should you stand upright until told to do so. In short you are to
behave exactly as dogs would behave� I stressed.

&nbsp;

They looked at
each other, but none of them objected. So we prepared for our little walkies.

�

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:25:00Z
  5
  1718
  9794
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  81
  22
  11490
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent
chptr 5.

&nbsp;

I took the three
girls out to my car and we set off for a local piece of greenbelt land. We
ended up at a place called Friern Barnet Park. Parking the car in the car park
I walked with the girls over to the entrance gate. Passing through I chose a
dirt track path running off to my right, on we walked for several minutes, all
the time their eyes darting left and right to see if anyone else was about in
this park approaching dusk. 

&nbsp;

I removed the
rucksack from my shoulder and then ordered them to strip. As each one removed
the last of their clothes, they deposited them into the rucksack and crouch on
all fours whilst their lead was attached. This act of attaching their lead was
the cue that they now needed to act as dogs and each in turn stretched their
legs as a dog would before a walk. 

&nbsp;

Thinking about
it, it must have looked really weird to anyone seeing us, there was this man,
leading three woman on leads and the women all acting like dogs. Imagine all
this and in a London park too. Eleanor, either getting into the role, trying to
impress me or maybe even fearful of facing another challenge, began to sniff
the arse of Emma, just like dogs do upon meeting.� So by way of reward for her actions I stroked
her head as any owner would and tickled her behind her ears, saying �good Dog�.

&nbsp;

I then walked
them on until we approached a bench, set before a small clump of trees, may be
five or six trees in close proximity to each other. I tied their leads to the
bench saying �Now don�t go away!� I walked into the trees, the girls must have
thought I was going to relieve myself, but I was actually looking for
something.�� Over by the last tree I
spotted what it was I was seeking, removing a heavy gardening glove from the
side pocket of the rucksack, I put it on before grabbing a handful of the
stinging nettles, I sought.

&nbsp;

Hiding this hand
behind my back, I slowly walked back to the bench. The girls still apprehensive
about being see or worse approached were frantically scanning the horizon
looking for anyone who could come near. As I approached I said �Roll over� and
all three girls rolled on to their backs with their legs in the air, just as a
real dog would do. �Aah you want your tummy tickled,� I said to Teresa and in
stooping to do so I quickly brushed the stinging nettles across her nipples and
then her cunt lips ensuring that I missed her clit. I then repeated this on
Emma and Eleanor. Discarding the handful of nettles, I untied their leads and
coaxed them into walking further.

&nbsp;

By the time we
had reached the point at which I had intended to turn round, I knew their agony
brought on by the nettles would be turning to ecstasy as the stinging played on
the nerves in their nipples and their cunt lips, causing the rush of blood to
excite their erogenous zones. It was at this point I noticed Emma having
difficulty in moving, the cheeks of her arse quivered in the moonlight as her
orgasm ripped through her body causing her to sag moaning. I remember thinking
to myself, we have been out in a park for thirty minutes, it�s been only twenty
minutes since I applied the stinging nettles and here was Emma Cumming like a
fountain. 

&nbsp;

I also witnessed
Eleanor and Teresa trying desperately to rub their legs together to ease the
tingling sensation clearly driving them mad. I urge the girls on as we turned
and headed for the car. Emma�s climax seemed to reduce the tingling she felt as
she move quite freely now, but for Teresa and Eleanor the itching tingling
sensation must have been growing ever stronger. The pace they were crawling now
was down t a snail�s pace as they concentrated more and more on solving their
need to cum. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor was next
to climax; she stopped suddenly and lay down as her wails of passion rang
around us. Twice she started to bring her hands towards her cunt to speed up
the process and twice I warned her of the consequences of doing so. After a
couple of minutes she was back up on her hands and knees crawling along beside
me.

&nbsp;

By the time we
approached the gate, Teresa, the only one not yet to come, was in agony or
ecstasy but not quite able to release the flood gates of her cum. I looked
towards my car, thinking of how I could let Teresa cum before she got into my
car with out being seen to be unfair. So her using her hands to bring herself
off was out of the question. Just then a young couple came from another car
walking towards us.

&nbsp;

At the same time
I saw them, Emma must have seen them too, for she said �Master, there is
someone coming our way!� 

&nbsp;

I could read the
panic in her voice. �So what, I am only exercising my bitches!� I replied. The
three girls stared in silence as the two figures walked ever nearer. As the
stepped through the gate, the must have recognized what they took from a
distance to be dogs, now as women. 

&nbsp;

I broke the
silence �Good evening!� 

&nbsp;

�Oh Good evening�
the man said staring straight at the three cowering female forms. 

&nbsp;

�I see your
admiring my bitches!� I commented. 

&nbsp;

He nodded and
said �They look unusual bitches, may I enquire what breed they might be?� he
asked delighting in the view of the three naked figures beside me. 

&nbsp;

�Oh, these are
nothing special, they call them Master�s hound�s� I offered. 

&nbsp;

�Oh, are they a
common breed then?� the continued. �OH yes common as muck these three, funny
thing though I have never seen a male of this breed only ever come across
bitches!� I giggled. 

&nbsp;

He turned to his
female partner and said �Think we should get us one of those breeds� 

&nbsp;

she replied
slightly embarrassed �No you can�t have one of them� 

&nbsp;

He then turned
back to me and said �Are they alright, only two of them look flushed and the
other one looks real fidgety?� I informed him that they strayed into a patch of
nettles and they are just cooling from the effects, 

&nbsp;

�but I must
confess that the one with the blue collar seems to be on heat at the moment!� I
continued.

&nbsp;

�How can you
tell?� he enquired. 

&nbsp;

�Oh that is
simple, if you place your hand between her rear thighs; she tries to hump
against your hand!� I offered �would you like to try?� 

&nbsp;

He turned to his
partner and said �Susie, you try it, see what you think!� she shot him a dirty
look but stuck out a trembling hand and parted Teresa�s legs. 

&nbsp;

�Oh my.� She
said, �Her poor cunt is so hot and wet, she needs help with that?� with that
she pulled her hand back, it glistened in the moonlight as she held it up for
all to see.

&nbsp;

�You see what you
think John!� she said. John reached forwards but with a cupped hand rather than
a straight one, his fingers touched her cunt and the tips of three of them
entered into Teresa�s cunt. She suddenly forced her self backwards trying to
embed so much more of them up her. 

&nbsp;

�OH yes, dear, I
see what you mean, her cunt is on fire!� he said. �What ever will you do, to
help this bitch out� he asked sounding genuinely concerned. 

&nbsp;

�Oh I will take
her to be serviced by a young pony, I know� I responded. 

&nbsp;

�Why a young
pony, surely another dog would be better?� he said. 

&nbsp;

�OH no, last time
a dog tried to solve this, the bitch would not do as she was told for weeks
after, May be a much longer penetration in length and time would be the
solution, hence the young pony� I replied. 

&nbsp;

Teresa shot me a
look, pleading with her eyes that she hoped I was kidding. I turned to the
young couple just in time to see John remove his fingers from Susie�s mouth,
the self same fingers that had just been up Teresa�s cunt. 

&nbsp;

�I have an Idea,
maybe you could help me.� I said gazing into the eyes of Susie. 

&nbsp;

�OH what�s that?�
John asked. 

&nbsp;

�Well to have sex
with her in this state could result in puppies, but oral would not and it may
just cool her down enough for me to get her home?�� I said slowly and deliberately. 

&nbsp;

John said �may I
just talk to my girlfriend and give you your answer in two minutes!� 

&nbsp;

�By all means!� I
replied. John took Susie to once side where a brief discussion took place,
Susie kept glancing first at me then at Teresa. 

&nbsp;

John came back
over and said �Susie won�t let me do anything, but she knows I have always
wanted to see her with another female, she says she will if we go somewhere
where we would not be seen, like just over there where those bushes are?� 

&nbsp;

I nodded and said
�Let me just put these two back in the car then!� I handed John Teresa�s lead
and walked Emma and Eleanor through the gate before saying you better stand
these stones will ruin your hands and knees. I told them they could enjoy
themselves together in the car till I came back. I turned and walked back to
John and Susie. Leading Teresa down to the bushes, Susie told me this was her
first time with another woman but she wanted to please John. 

&nbsp;

�In a way, this
seems perverted, because implying that she is a dog makes this animal sex� she
added. 

&nbsp;

�Yes but in the
loosest terms sex between man and his wife is animal sex as well� I offered.

&nbsp;

In the edge of
the bushes, I commanded Teresa �Roll over� she did and John and Susie were now
openly staring at her red gash of a cunt. 

&nbsp;

John said �Susie,
babes, don�t you think it wiser to remove your clothes as well because you
don�t want to mess them up and it would avoid having to explain to your dad,
why your dress what dirty.� 

&nbsp;

Reluctantly she
agreed and slipped her clothes off. 

&nbsp;

I said to Susie
�Susie, your body is divine, have you ever had a dog sniff your genitals and
then lick them!� 

&nbsp;

�I had a dog once
push his nose up my dress but it never went further!� she replied. Teresa eager
to be made to cum took the hint and sniffed at Susie�s cunt before snaking her
tongue across her cunt lips. 

&nbsp;

Susie shivered
and said �If I knew it felt that good, I would have encouraged the dog
further!�

&nbsp;

Susie then
brought her head down to Teresa�s cunt and inhaled the randy fragrant aroma of
aroused pussy, before diving in with her tongue. John slowly undid his trouser
belt and exposed his prick; he began sliding his hand along the shaft as he
watched his girlfriend eating cunt. Soon the air was full of moans and groans
as the two women climbed to the crest of their orgasm. John even managed to get
Teresa to suck him as she was eaten by Susie. When they had cum, John thanked
me for the most exciting experience of his life and Susie added mine, too even
though John got sucked, I really don�t mind.

&nbsp;

Looking at my now
bulging pants, Susie licked her lips and said �May be John should suck you or
at least let me take care of that for you�. John Blushed. 

&nbsp;

�No it�s alright,
Susie, I have two further randy bitches back in the car that will do to me
exactly what I tell them too� I replied.

&nbsp;

With that, I
wished them well as they were dressing and then led the satisfied bitch back to
the car. I allowed the girls to dress before driving back to their flat. 

&nbsp;

As we drove home,
Teresa said to me �Master, were you serious about having me mated by a pony?� 

&nbsp;

�Why?� I asked 

&nbsp;

�She has always
had a thing about animal sex, especially animals with bigger than human cocks!�
Emma announced. 

&nbsp;

�Well you never
know what the future holds!� I answered.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Eleanor and I
slept alone that night, but we could hear Teresa and Emma, chatting away in
Emma�s bedroom until the early hours. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor told me
next morning �its Teresa�s birthday on Thursday so Saturday night we will be
having a party. So please don�t plan anything for next Saturday night� 

&nbsp;

�We will see!�
was my reply.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-04T19:26:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:26:00Z
  5
  1711
  9759
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  81
  22
  11448
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent
chptr 6

&nbsp;

It was Saturday
night, the night of Teresa�s birthday party. I arrived at 8.00 pm, to find the
party in full swing and about thirty people present. I squeezed through the
crowded kitchen and made my way to the living room, meeting Emma along the way.
She kissed me full on the lips and whispered �Still can�t get over the
excitement of last Saturday night, it was awesome!� 

&nbsp;

�Where is
Eleanor?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�She is in her
bedroom!� Emma replied. 

&nbsp;

So I continued
but now heading for Eleanor�s bedroom. In case someone else was in there with
her and possibly undressed or doing something private, I knocked, waited then
entered. Eleanor was alone. She turned to me and threw her arms round my neck
giving me a passionate kiss. Strange I thought she never was this tactile
before. 

&nbsp;

�I thought you
were never going to get here, I am really horny tonight and given the chance
would fuck you here and now before introducing you to some of our friends!� she
purred.

&nbsp;

With that she
took my hand and pushed it under her dress to reveal her knickerless shaved
cunt. She was literally soaked.

&nbsp;

�What has got you
so sure fired up tonight?� I asked. 

&nbsp;

�It�s just
remembering that one week ago tonight we three girls were your bitches in the
park, stark naked.� �Do you know it took three days to stop feeling the effects
of those damn nettles!� she said smiling.�
�Teresa has not stopped talking about that couple and what they did in
the bushes!� she added.

&nbsp;

�Talking of
Teresa, where is the birthday girl!� I asked �I have a special present here for
her� I continued.

&nbsp;

�She should be in
the living room, I think� Eleanor answered. �What did you get her?� she
enquired.

&nbsp;

�That would be
telling!� I insisted �let�s go find her and you can watch her open it!� I
added.

&nbsp;

We walked out
into the hall way and turned right into the living room, Eleanor appeared not
to notice but it seemed strange to me. All the men were on one side of the room
and all the women on the other. They only opposite sex in the wrong section so
to speak was Emma, serving drinks. There was no sign of Teresa.

&nbsp;

�Not very well
planned your party, I must say� I said.

&nbsp;

�Oh why is that,
Master� Eleanor enquired.

&nbsp;

�What you did not
see!� I responded, �All the men on one side of the room all the women on the
other, what happened to mixing?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�Oh Ray, of
course you don�t know, do you?� Eleanor sounded surprised. �You�re about the
only heterosexual male we know, all the others in their as bi sexual to say the
least if not out and out gay� �Even all the woman in there are lesbians or part
way to becoming lesbian� she chuckled.

&nbsp;

�Oh I see. What
am I supposed to do float on an imaginary middle line� I asked.

&nbsp;

�No silly, just
go and relax, if a man comes over to talk to you just say it�s not your thing
and they will leave you alone� She chided.

&nbsp;

She pulled out of
the living room and we found our way to Teresa�s bedroom. Eleanor pushes
straight through the door without knocking. 

&nbsp;

�Teresa, look who
has finally turned up!� Eleanor said.

&nbsp;

�Hi Sexy� Teresa
shouted, much to the annoyance of George. She came over and planted a large wet
kiss on my lips. She whispered �Any more adventures in the pipe line?�

&nbsp;

�Wait and See� I
replied. �Come into the living room and open the present I bought you� I added.

&nbsp;

�Come on George;
let�s go see what Ray has bought me!� Teresa called out.

&nbsp;

Once in the
living room, I produced a largish sized box (about 9 inches by 15 inches),
wrapped in gold foil paper and tied with a big red ribbon. I handed it to
Teresa, who started ripping the paper away. When the plain cardboard box was
fully revealed she tore open its lid. Inside was a slightly smaller box wrapped
in silver foil paper. She tossed aside the now empty 1st box, eagerly tearing
her way into the new box. Then opening the lid of this new box found yet
another wrapped box inside.

&nbsp;

�What is this?�
Teresa said laughing, �If this continues down to just a pair of panties, you�re
in big trouble, pal� she said 

&nbsp;

I shot her a look
which said you would threaten me your Master. Teresa smiled as though to say,
you know I don�t mean it. Five more boxes later with a room full of laughter
and some genuine intrigue as to what the present would ultimately turn out to
be. she started to open the final box, which was about the size of a box of
tissues. 

&nbsp;

I then placed my
hands over her eyes and said when you open the lid, turn it upside down and tip
it out on to the floor. The tone of my voice meant she knew not to disobey me.
As she tipped the contents o the floor the first recognizable item to tumble
out was a peek a boo bra, the type that allows your nipple to protrude through,
a matching pair of silk crutch less panties fluttered to the floor, along with
the clank of something metal. 

&nbsp;

When She picked
up the metal object she saw it was a pair of hand cuffs, She looked startled,
until I said �I know who much you like George to be your prisoner, so with
these undies and the handcuffs, he can not escape your charms, even if he
wanted to� 

&nbsp;

A male voice at the
back said �But who wears the undies� which received a roar of laughter.� 

&nbsp;

A female voice
from the other side of the room said �Come on Teresa, go put them on and let�s
see if they fit� again to a chorus of laughter and chants of put them on.

&nbsp;

Teresa looked at
me, I nodded and she left the room, returning 10 minutes later adorned in her
new underwear. �George, come here!� I said and George duly obliged. �As she is
your pussy, you should be first to taste the cream?� I added

&nbsp;

Teresa the
interjected �No, Master, you bought then for me, you should be first to taste
the cream!� George�s head dropped. 

&nbsp;

�Your Master I
may be? But I still say George should be first to taste the cream after I take
you into the kitchen to fill you with fresh cream� I announced. 

&nbsp;

George meekly
stood there waiting to be told what to do. There was a ripple of noise as
people whispered, surely George is not going to let him fuck her then eat his
cum from her open cunt. �What say you George?� I asked.

&nbsp;

�As My Master as
well, Sir, yours is the privilege to fuck your sluts cunt, and if it�s your
wish to have me clean her out, so be it� He replied.

&nbsp;

I led Teresa out
into the kitchen, closing the door behind us. No one saw me fill the large
syringe with fresh double cream from the fridge, or me inject copious amounts
of it into and on her cunt. 

&nbsp;

�You�re truly
wicked, Master� Teresa Whispered.

&nbsp;

I then led her
back into the living room where a chair had been placed in the centre of the
room. I helped Teresa sit with her legs wide apart and ordered her to show
George what he would be eating. Teresa faking a breathless state said �George
come eat me out, just look how full ray has made me� 

&nbsp;

George looked
around and then dropped to his knees before crawling towards Teresa�s spread
legs. Teresa then placed her hand behind his head and pulled his face down to
her cunt. 

&nbsp;

�When you have
finished cleaning that amount out I have this to refill it with� I said holding
out the tub of double cream and the syringe. Howls of laughter echoed around
the room, the only one not to see the joke was of course George who was
blinkered between Teresa�s legs.

&nbsp;

One of the women
stepped forward and said �I bags second go on eating her cunt�� To which several more chimed in no me me.
Teresa allowed George to pull his head back displaying a moustache and beard of
double cream, where upon he saw the container and syringe and burst out
laughing. 

&nbsp;

One of the gay
men said �what a great start to the party lets all strip and have some real
fun.� 

&nbsp;

I looked over at
Eleanor who was shaking her head as she howled with laughter. I put my foot
down by saying �Only the Birthday girl is allowed to be naked, all you others
will have to wait till you get home� To a chorus of spoil sport. The music was
turned back on and men started dancing with other men and pairs of women began
dancing together.

&nbsp;

It was a good
half hour before George declared her cunt to be finally empty of the cream,
although by my reckoning, Teresa had more than double the volume during her
three orgasms. In fact every time she let out a moan of another oncoming orgasm
the music stopped till she quieted down. A very Adult game of musical chairs
indeed.

&nbsp;

By Eleven
o�clock, the guests started to break away and leave. But for the whole time of
the dancing Teresa wore only her new underwear. She proved a popular dance
partner with most of the women there, I more than suspect more than one or two
had their fingers up her cunt or their mouth on a nipple as they danced. 

&nbsp;

Funnily enough,
it was about 10.30pm when I last saw George. It was Eleanor who pulled me aside
and asked me to follow her; we went out into the hallway and then straight into
Teresa�s bedroom. There was George on his hands and knees with a thin white guy
sucking his cock and a large black gut burying his thick slab of black meat
into George�s bare arse.� I pulled
Eleanor back out of the room and said �At least those two have had a happy
party.�

&nbsp;

She corrected me
by pointing out that at this very minute three male guest were enjoying the
party and nearly all the females in the living room had enjoyed the taste or
feel of Teresa at her party.

&nbsp;

Just then, Emma
came out of the bathroom followed by a sheepish looking man. Emma was naked
with large amounts of fresh spunk hanging around her face and in her hair. I
suggested that she see George about licking it off, after all his mouth was
still free.

&nbsp;

Eleanor dragged
me into her room and locked the door. �Remember our first night together, you
said your fantasy was two women in the same bed, well if you look in that
wardrobe there is my gift to you� she said.

&nbsp;

I replied �Yes
but I have gone one better, I have three subs in one house and a fourth male
sub to call on when I want�. I opened the wardrobe door to find a young lady
stood there. She was 5�2� tall short cropped blonde hair and as naked as the
day she was born with a 36 � 24 -28 frame. 

&nbsp;

Eleanor
introduced her as Sammy, a sub bi female she has known for years. Eleanor Said
�Master, as her Mistress I give her to you mind. Body and soul, if she
displeases you she displeases me and will be punished for it� �she will do
without question anything you demand of her, She has a passion for anal, loves
anything you can think of stuck up her arse� she added. 

&nbsp;

�If it please you
master to fuck her arse, she will gladly accept your offering bare back!�� She insisted.

&nbsp;

I turned to
Sammy, �Is This true, anything I want from you, you will do without question?�
I asked. Sammy nodded. �Right you can start by paddling Eleanor arse till I
tell you to stop!� I demand.

&nbsp;

�Why master?�
Eleanor quizzed.

&nbsp;

�Because I select
my own slaves, I do not accept other peoples cast off�s� I responded.

&nbsp;

I let Sammy
paddle Eleanor�s arse till it was rosy pink and warm to the touch, then I had
her lick Eleanor�s anal ring till Eleanor had cum twice. Finally I slipped my
prick into Eleanor�s cunt and as I fucked her I had Sammy bathe my balls with
her tongue. 

&nbsp;

We must have
dropped off to sleep, because when I awoke, the flat was empty and everyone was
in bed.� I nudged Sammy and told her to
sit on Eleanor�s face while I gave her cunt a forceful slap. Eleanor tried to
spring up in shock but only 

managed to get
herself a mouth full of slave cunt. 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-07-04T19:26:00Z
  2007-07-04T19:26:00Z
  5
  2104
  11993
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  99
  28
  14069
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Eleanor�s Descent
chptr 7.

&nbsp;

It was a couple
of weeks after the party, when Eleanor got the kinky urge again. She conveyed
this to me by using her activation word of �pornoslut� so I knew I had to come
with a new scenario for the next time we met.

&nbsp;

It just so
happened that a friend at work had been talking about a place in Camden Town,
London, called �CHARLIE BROWNS� which was an adults only movie house. Their
membership Gimmick was that couples joined for �5, Males joined for �15 and
single women joined for free. I suppose by offering single women free
membership, once word got round that they attended then the sales in single
male�s membership would rocket. But this also told me about the sort of place
it was.

&nbsp;

It implied to me
that the place was an easy going regime. In other words anything went as long
as the police were not called. Ideal for the idea that was forming in my mind.
I knew that Eleanor was becoming a cum slut, with my guidance of course. So I
went to check the place out making sure I had Eleanor�s driving license, with
me to prove we were a couple. You had to join 48 hours before your membership
card was ready, but with a little monetary persuasion and a lot of talk I was
allowed to check out the cinema on the day of my application. I told the guy
that I wanted to check out the place as being suitable for my new partner and
I, that and a �20 note, got me immediate access.

&nbsp;

I walked into the
darkened auditorium and found it not to be too unpleasant, the tiered seating
looked comfortable. Another indication of their free for all attitude was the
fact the tiering was such that the seat of the chair was lined up with the top
of the back of the chair in front of it. Of course this meant that any action
in any row would be visible from further down the tier seating. There was a
strong smell of stale cum that hung around the room, I checked out the flooring
between rows, and whilst it looked reasonably clean the hardwood floors showed
sticky patches where dried spunk still lay. Because this cinema operated 24
hours a day, I suppose it was hard to get the cleaning lady in to mop the
floors. Also where would you find a cleaning lady that would work around men
wanking off?

&nbsp;

Just as I took my
seat, six rows from the back, the film started and the screen flickered into
life showing a good quality film of a woman in her bedroom, obviously preparing
to change clothes. The door bell rings and she answers it in her dressing gown.
Three workmen are stood there and they make their way into the kitchen and begin
looking under the sink, obviously up her gown as well. The action then starts
and she is soon swallowing one cock in her mouth another up her cunt from
behind and the third she gives a hand jive to. It really was as promised
hardcore films.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I now had my plan
fully worked out in my mind and left the movie house, arranging to collect the
membership upon our return Saturday evening.

&nbsp;

On Saturday
afternoon, I met Eleanor from work and instead of going straight to her flat; I
escorted her to a local park. Sitting on a bench I gave Eleanor my Activation
code word (Nemesis) which told her I was in Master mode, we chatted for a while
and then I ordered her to remove her panties and give them to me. Eleanor
quickly looked around and then stood up, turned to me and raised her thigh
length skirt to reveal no panties. With that she turned again and sat down. I
put my arm around her, making sure my fingers were in place to tease her
nipple, and slid my other hand under her skirt. She meekly adjusted her skirt
to hide my hand as my fingers located her soaking cunt.

&nbsp;

�What have you
been doing today, slut?� I whispered.

&nbsp;

�Nothing,
Master!� she replied �It�s just I am excited knowing you have something planned
for me tonight. Can you at least give me a hint?� please!� she begged.

&nbsp;

�No, you�ll after
wait!� I warned her.

&nbsp;

All this time my
fingers were working their magic on her nipple and her cunt, her breathing
quickened and her cunt juice flowed. She physically had to bite her lip as her
climax neared and an old woman toddled by. I laughed as I withdrew my soaking
fingers from her cunt and made her lick them clean. Standing I took her arm and
slowly walked her towards the park gate. I kept whispering �someone�s going to
be a messy slut tonight�

&nbsp;

By the time we
reached her flat, I knew she was on the edge of a really hard cum, but I
refused to allow her to release that pent up passion. I went to her wardrobe
and picked out what looked like an old school pleated skirt. �Does this still
fit you� I asked

&nbsp;

�Oh yes, master
but it�s a lot shorter on me now than it was then� she replied.

&nbsp;

�Good it will do
perfectly, with a white blouse I think!� I informed her.

&nbsp;

She laid out the
white blouse and the pleated green skirt on to the bed.� I told her to get herself ready as we needed
to leave around 8 pm.� I instructed her
she had time to take a shower, shave her pussy real close and to make sure she
did not play with herself I would be there watching. She sighed, but turned to
set the shower.

&nbsp;

After a light
meal, we were ready to go, we picked up her car and I directed her to Camden
Town. As she drove, it left me free to play with her already erect nipples and
talk dirty to her. I told her, she was going to be the belle of the ball, or
maybe that should be belle of the bollocks. I could see her passion rising, as
well as her nipples beneath the short jacket she had on.

&nbsp;

We parked in a
supermarket car park so she would have about 5 minutes walk to Charlie Browns.
As she got out the car I went to the boot and opened it, she came round to see
what I was getting. The boot was empty so she looked at me with wonder. �Jacket
off and put it in here� I demanded. Meekly she removed her jacket and dropped
it into the boot. I closed the lid and locked the car up.

&nbsp;

I could tell she
was excited but to be honest apprehensive about her forth coming experience.
Also she shivered, but that could have been just because of the weather, it was
moderately cold. This made her stand out as she walked beside me, everyone else
had coats on but she had only her white blouse. As a man approached I reached
across her and felt her nipple, it was rock hard, I said loud enough for him to
hear �My you are really cold babes!� 

&nbsp;

He made the
comment as he passed about giving up a coat then. I smiled as we kept walking.
We turned into the Movie house and Eleanor�s face went white. �You�re bringing
me here to one of these places, Master, Why?� she asked �we have videos at home
where we can be more intimate!� she added.

&nbsp;

�You�ll see!� was
all I replied. We entered the building and holding her arm I walked cross to
the reception area where I asked for our membership card. The man looked up at
me, and then scanned the full length of Eleanor, he smiled as he handed me the
card. Enjoy your evening here. He commented. I turned and walked Eleanor to the
pay booth where I purchased two tickets. As we went through the curtain, there
were four doors, two were obviously toilets, the other two lead into the
auditoriums one mark �Gay�, and the other �Hetro�. I told Eleanor to wait here,
I needed the loo. I really wanted to check out the toilets and also have
Eleanor standing alone outside an adult cinema auditorium, for people to see. 

&nbsp;

When I came out,
she told me, two guys had eyed her from head to foot before going into the
�Hetro� door. I took her arm and walk through the same door, the film was
already in progress and as my eyes adjusted to the darkness I saw some twenty
people already sat in the auditorium. Mostly they were sat on their own, but in
a couple of the rows sat pairs of figures. I could see at least two women sat
with a partner. Eleanor began to nudge her way into the back row, until I took
her arm and led her back to the aisle and walked her down five rows. I
indicated to her to move in six seats. 

&nbsp;

�Why not the back
row?� she whispered.

&nbsp;

�Turn and look
why not!� I replied, when she turned she saw that what ever you did back there
would be on view to anyone who happened to turn round. Nervously she smiled. We
settled in to watch the film. Two black cocks were double penetrating a small
white woman, her cunt and arse looked extremely well stretched. I put my arm
around Eleanor, as I whispered, �Relax, enjoy the experience, why don�t you
undo the top five buttons on your blouse?� 

&nbsp;

She never replied
but immediately undid the buttons, I opened the loose flaps of her blouse, that
undoing her buttons had created, and her deep cleavage was clearly on show. I
looked to my left and saw a woman suddenly dip her head into her partners lap.
I tapped Eleanor�s arm and nodded in the direction of the couple. Eleanor
raised a weak smile.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I then whispered
�bet you would like to be taking on those two beautiful cocks, only knowing
you, it would be orally�

&nbsp;

�OH yeah!� She
sighed.

&nbsp;

�Undo the
remaining buttons slut� I demanded. She blushed as she slowly undid the
buttons. As soon as she had completed the task I removed her blouse completely
and toyed with her nipples. She sank lower in her seat as she let out a long
low moan. 

&nbsp;

�I am going to
leave you now, bitch, taking your blouse with me and I will wait for you
outside in the foyer by the toilets� I informed her.

&nbsp;

�Oh No Master,
please stay!� she begged looking nervously around.

&nbsp;

�You will
complete a task before you may join me outside!� I informed her. �You must give
oral relief to five men and have them cum on your face and breasts. No
penetration of your cunt or arse must take place, is that clear, Slut?� I
finished.

&nbsp;

Eleanor simply
nodded. I stood to leave, at the end of the row I turned and said loud enough
for those around us to hear �Remember a minimum of five BLOWJOBS and on no
account any penetration. I�ll be waiting� I turned and walk up the aisle,
stopped at the top and looked back, Eleanor was glancing around as two guys
moved in for the kill. I sat myself down on the back row to watch the
developments and to offer safety if needed.

&nbsp;

The first two
guys, obviously aware of the conditions quickly released their pricks and I saw
Eleanor reach out and take hold of them. The guys bobbed their heads and were
clearly sucking on her nipples. I assumed this double assault would quickly end
in her orgasm especially since 4 pm she had been teased to the brink but never
allowed to cum. She set about the cock sucking with great gusto taking the first
spurt on her chin; I could clearly see this drip down towards her tit. The rest
of the spurts went all over her face and even in her hair.

&nbsp;

The man moved
away after his cum bath on her, just as the second man wanked his spurts over
breasts. As they retreated, they spoke and pointed with other men who
immediately replaced them. In the hour and a half Eleanor sucked not 5 cocks
but managed to take care of 12. Her face was plastered with cum, her chest and
tits looked like a road map with streaks of white everywhere. She stood up on
unsteady feet and made her way up the aisle, before spotting me sat there with
a wide grin on my face. I rose and followed her out, in the foyer she asked to
go clean up in the loo, I refused instead she was to put her blouse back on and
we would go get the car. She was terrified as she knew we had a 5 minute walk
back to the car. But she had no choice.

&nbsp;

As I drove her
back to her flat, I asked her �what it felt like to be a cum bucket for so many
men� 

&nbsp;

�Strange but
sexy� replied Eleanor. She kept looking around as I drove, hoping no one would
see and be able to tell she had cum all over her face and hair. Her blouse now
streaked with the wetness from the loads deposited on her breasts, clearly
showed her prominent nipples protruding.

&nbsp;

We walked into
the living room at her flat to find Teresa, George and Emma sat side by side on
the sofa watching a movie. They all turned to stare at Eleanor as I made her
sit in the chair facing them. �Tell them, about your experience tonight.
Eleanor?� I demanded.

&nbsp;

She began
relating how I had teased her and kept her on edge for over 4 hours, never
letting her cum. She explained that we had joined an adult movie club in Camden
and that George would probably love it as it had a separate gay theatre inside.


&nbsp;

She then went of
to describe how the first two guys had started sucking her nipples whilst she
handled their cocks and the fact that at some stage they both had given her
love bites on her breasts. She continued with how exciting it was to not only
have two cocks to play with but she could not describe adequately the feeling
of them shoot their cum over her tits and face. She then described in great
detail how one after another the cocks kept Cumming. Culminating in the last
cock she sucked was a monster, must have been 15 inches long and as black as
the ace of spades, when he came it was like a fire hose gushing out its white
payload all over my face and chest. 

&nbsp;

I looked across
at the three captive audiences; there was Teresa with her hand stuffed down the
top of her skirt clearly strumming away on her clit as her breathing rapidly
increased. 

&nbsp;

Emma with her top
pulled up pinching and squeezing her nipples as her orgasm broke and poor
George sat there with the biggest hardest hard-on in entire life. 

&nbsp;

�Eleanor, Remove
your blouse and show them the true fruits of your oral labors!� I demanded.

&nbsp;

She removed her
blouse and the clear signs of the fresh love bites were obvious and to be fair
Eleanor wore then almost as battle medals, she was so proud of her self. I
instructed Emma to lick clean Eleanor�s chest whilst George and Teresa were
told to lick clean her face. Eagerly they all set about their tasks and Eleanor
enjoyed another massive orgasm. 

&nbsp;

Later George
asked me for the address of the movie house and became a regular visitor there,
sometimes alone or other times accompanied by the four of us. But there we
leave this true story as the characters went forward in the separate lives
destined to probably never cross paths again. BUT WHO KNOWS. 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niteowluk2003


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





