BDSM Library - First Dance




First Dance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a romantic story about a woman giving herself to someone she wants to serve.







My Philosophy of Dominance and Submission

 
  Node45
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  7
  2007-07-05T01:23:00Z
  2007-07-05T01:23:00Z
  4
  1365
  7786
  epcc
  64
  18
  9133
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






First Dance 

The invitation
had been specific as to time and place, but I really did not know why she
wanted me there. She had never invited me to the studio before, though she had
shown me a few dance routines at her home. 

I knew she had
been waiting for this day, the first that her doctor would allow her to go
without the back brace. I had wanted to do something to help mark it as special
for us both. I had thought long and hard about this,
and though her doctor had advised her to wait before she tried dancing, I knew
she would not. I talked to a mutual friend about this, and I had decided to
support her and trust her judgment. I showed her my trust by giving her a gift
certificate to her favorite shoe store, telling her to get some new dancing
shoes. I knew she had gotten them a few days ago and was hoping to see them
today. 

She stood
listening to some slow jazz, and then stepped off into a simple routine that I
had watched her do before. I was wondering why she had made a point of asking
me here today, but I was happy to see her dance in her new shoes. 

I watched as
she danced across the floor. It had been so long since she was this happy. She
had been injured a couple of months ago, nothing serious, just a broken wrist
and a sore back, but she had lost her opportunity to go on tour with the dance
company, and she had been devastated. 

I had known
that dancing was important to her, not truly realizing how important until she
could not dance. If she could not dance, I would lose a part of her, and
possibly all of her. It bothered me a bit how much of her self-esteem she
wrapped in her dancing, but I knew that I would never change that. 

Dancing was
something we could not share, not because we did not want to, but because I was
unable too. I could not dance, no matter how hard I tried. Although a good
athlete, on the dance floor I not only had two left feet, but they seemed
intent on tripping me. 

She stopped in
front of me and took my hands in hers, smiling at me mischievously. I shook my
head and tried to pull away as she led me onto the floor, but she held me
firmly. I had always known she was strong, but as this was the first time she
had ever asserted her physical strength with me, I was surprised at how easily
she could maintain control. 

�Please Anya, you
know what will happen if I get out there.� 

�I want to
dance with you, and I am not going to take no for an answer. Not today.� 

She exerted
that strength that I had desired for so long to control and pulled me out to
the floor. 

�Close your
eyes.� 

�Isn�t that my
line?� I quipped. 

�Not until I
say it is, and right now it is mine.� 

I closed my
eyes as she pulled me onto the floor. 

&quot;Wait
here. And no peeking.&quot; I tried to scowl, but I truly was pleased to hear
the happiness in her voice. 

I could not hear
her light steps above the music, but I soon felt her presence again. 

&quot;Sit
down.&quot; 

I sat as she
guided me into the chair. She then placed my arms on the armrests of the chair,
and kissed me again. I returned the kiss with fervor. I felt her fumbling at my
wrists, and then leaning on them, but thought nothing of it. 

&quot;You can
open your eyes now.&quot; 

I heard the
laughter in her voice and looked at her with a smile on my face. 

&quot;Promise
me that you will not get mad.&quot; 

&quot;Why would
I be mad?&quot; 

&quot;Promise.&quot; 

I looked at her
smile, and the anxiety in her eyes, and could not resist. 

&quot;I
promise.&quot; 

She stepped
back and smiled down at me. I started to reach for her and found that she had
secured my arms to the chair. Looking down I saw two Velcro straps around my
wrists. When I looked up, I could see the fear in her eyes, and the shy smile
on her lips. 

I smiled. 

�I guess you
have a captive audience then, what now my sweet?� 

She smiled at
me and skipped over to the stereo. A classical piece came on, something melodic
but not evocative. I did not know enough to be sure, but I thought it was Bach.
She began to sway as she walked back and stood in front of me. I was not sure
how she managed it but she seemed to melt to the floor and ended up sitting in
a lotus position. 

�I have often
wanted to share my dancing with you. I want to take you in my arms and let you
feel the joy of dance. 

�Yet I cannot.�


She looked up
at me and I could see the sadness in her eyes. 

�I want to
share this with you, so now I will.� 

The music switched
to an up tempo jazz beat as she stood. I admired the grace she had in rising to
her feet from that position without any apparent effort. She moved into a dance
with me as the center, crossing in front of me and then spinning around the
chair. At first her moves were simple dance steps, but soon she was moving in
such a way that my breath caught in my throat. The sheer sensuality of the
dance made me want to reach out and throw her to the
floor. 

She continued
to dance, every move beginning to drip sex. She moved closer to me, and allowed
her hand to trail across my chest. 

�Let me go.� 

Just then, the
music switched to Private Dancer. 

I knew she
could hear the desire in my voice, but she just smiled and stepped behind me,
running her hands up and down my arms. She leaned forward and pulled my head
into her breasts. Her hands moved down my chest, unbuttoning my shirt. I closed
my eyes and lost myself in the sensations. 

She opened my
belt and slacks, and pulled them off me as I lifted to help her. That left me
sitting there in my blue boxer briefs and black oxfords. 

She then stood
and started dancing again. She danced around me through the various songs and
never touched me, nor did she take anything off. She moved as I would imagine a
harem girl dancing the dance of the seven veils for her sheik. I could see the
veils floating about her and drifting down in my imagination. She danced as
though her life depended on it. 

For the first
time I appreciated her passion for dance in a way that made me truly regret my
inability to dance. Her passion filled me in a way that I had not know was
possible. 

Then I realized
that I was becoming hard. Her movements combined with my restraints, excited me
in a way that I had never experienced before. It my arms were not restrained to
this chair she would not finish her dance. 

The music faded
and she came and stood in front of me. I admired the sheen of sweat on her face
and the way her breasts heaved from her exertion. I honestly have to say that I
have never seen a more beautiful. 

Than the music
segued into Bolero and she moved closer, all but climbing into my lap. Her
movements moved from sensual to sexual as she began to make love to me while I
was tied to that chair. She moved her body so close to mine that I could feel
the heat through her clothing. 

Her body
electrified mine, and my hair stood on end and a shiver ran through me. My body
shook with desire as her scent wafted to my nostrils. She wore no perfume, all
I could smell was the strawberry scent of her shampoo, the slight fragrance of
the Dove soap she washed with, and her. 

The sweat, the
musky aroma of her excitement, combined and wafted into my nostrils, exciting
me more. I was always turned on by scent, something that she definitely took
advantage of for the first time. 

I was quivering
with excitement, my shoulders and arms shaking violently with the need to hold
her in my arms and feel her skin against mine. 

She moved near
me, barely making contact. The way her clothes brushed against my bare skin was
more erotic than any caress. 

She moved
closer to my face and I leaned forward to kiss her, our lips coming together
gently yet firmly. The kiss soon became all I could feel or think about. She
melted onto my lap and wrapped herself around me in an embrace that brought us
together as one. I could feel my pulse settling down and merging with hers as
the kiss went on. 

After and
timeless moment she broke away and looked into my eyes. Her pupils dilated and
I could see the passion and desire in her eyes. I knew the same feelings were
visible in mine. I wanted to tell her to let me go again, but I could see
something happening deep inside her and waited to see what would happen. 

I watched her
make a decision. She closed her eyes and ran her hands slowly down my arms to
my wrists. I watched as she took a deep breath and released my wrists, gently
holding my wrist in place. She looked at me again and then slipped off my lap. 

A song by U2
started, &quot;If God Will Send His Angels.&quot; She looked at me and slowly
began to strip. Her feet did not move yet she swayed before me like a
temptress. As her leotard fell, she stepped of into a dance that again caused
my breath to catch in my throat. 

She was naked
under the leotard. She continued to dance for me, lifting her hands to release
her hair, letting it cascade down her shoulders the way I liked. She began to
move a bit more, dancing just in front of me. I reached out to her and she drew
back just enough to let me know she wanted me to wait, and then moved forward.
I took her hint and removed my shirt as I watched her. 

As the song
ended she dropped to the floor gracefully, kneeling before me with her forehead
to the floor in a perfect gesture of submission. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rhabbi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





