BDSM Library - Mistress Nandi and Her kgotso




Mistress Nandi and Her kgotso
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   This is a purely fictional story that i wrote for my Mistress. We are both monogamous, but we thought it would be hot to fantasize about some of the themes in the story. Se enjoyed it greatly, and i hope the readers of this site do as well!







The Story of Naleli and kgotso

 
  JC
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  5
  2007-07-07T20:05:00Z
  2007-07-07T20:05:00Z
  15
  5788
  32992
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  274
  77
  38703
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Ishq. The Story of Mistress Nandi and kgotso.

&nbsp;

We have spent
2 years of bliss together. We have loved, laughed, and You have further
enslaved Your boy to the point that i cannot refuse any order, and my sole
existence is centered around pleasing You. Then You have to leave.� i go on to meet a hot, divorced, soccer mom
at the gym, court her, and marry her. i &quot;settle&quot;, because i am alone
and need someone. It is nothing like what we had together, and I grow
short-tempered and unlovable, because i miss what we had, when i was serving
You.

&nbsp;

You return
to Your country, and restore Your family to fabulous wealth, while winning an
elected seat in the government, and attaining a powerful position. You have
also met a partner, but he is not Your kgotso, and You know it. You
&quot;settle&quot; for him, like i settled for the divorced soccer mom, because
that's what people do to move on with their lives.

&nbsp;

We continue
to stay in touch over the next eight years. i have been very successful, and I
am planning an early retirement at 50. i have continued my fitness regimen, and
through botox, yoga, and newly developed supplements to forestall the aging
process, i still look hot. i have accumulated 2.5 MM dollars in retirement
savings. You are now 31, and in a position of power and wealth. We have talked
about me coming to You at some point, but we were never sure it would
happen.� i am in a childless, loveless
marriage, and i have filed for divorce. You have dismissed Your lover (You
never bothered to marry him). Because we have stayed in touch, You know
everything about my situation. You decide it is time, and You summon Your
kgotso. i don't know what the future will hold, but i book a one-way ticket to
come to You. Your driver will be waiting to collect Your slave at the airport.
i have emailed the pass code to the account holding the $2.5M and by agreement,
You have transferred all of the money into Your personal account, and You have
left me with only $100 for emergencies, and the one-way ticket. i arrive with
no possessions, and only one thought in mind: That i am now to serve You in any
way You require, for the rest of my natural life...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The star
brand is still there, even though it has faded over the years. i swear i can
feel it every time Your driver goes over a bump on the way to Your secluded
private home on the eastern shore. i have arrived on a Wednesday, and You will
be flying from Your office in the city to be with Your boy on Friday. i am to
use the time to get rested and acclimated to the local time, and to prepare
Your body for inspection upon Your arrival. i am to be waiting for You in Your
personal quarters at 7PM on Friday, naked, shaved, kneeling, and with eyes
downcast. In our past, You owned Your slave, but the &quot;real world&quot;
would always intervene from time to time, making true and full ownership
impractical. Your desire to fully own Your boy has never faded. It has, in
fact, deepened, and You have decided that now that the outside world can no
longer intervene, this will now be my &quot;real world&quot;. Greeting You this
way sets the tone for how things will be for Your slave from now on.

&nbsp;

Over the
next two days i am free to explore the estate, and i happen upon a lever that
opens a panel in the wall of Your personal bedroom. i am shocked to discover a
large room, filled with bondage furniture, toys, and torture devices. i
recognize most of the items, as over the last eight years i have made a hobby
of designing furniture and devices for Your amusement, but never actually built
them. There seemed to be no point, as You were not with me to enjoy them. i had
attached the plans to some of my emails to You, for You to see what i had
designed for You. You have contracted local craftsmen to build all of the
devices i designed, and some i do not recognize that You must have thought of.
Over the years, You have innocently asked me to measure certain parts of Your
body, and i never knew why. i realize now that all of the furniture and devices
have been manufactured to fit Your boy perfectly. You always knew that You
would summon Your kgotso to come serve You again, and You have kept Your workers
busy building, in anticipation of his return.

&nbsp;

At
precisely 7PM on Friday, i hear the sound of Your helicopter approaching, and
my pulse quickens. i am filled with longing to gaze upon Your beautiful face
again, but i will not raise my eyes until permitted to do so. i remain on my
knees and wait for the sound of Your voice...

&nbsp;

You enter
the room, standing at the threshold, and look Your slave over. You are pleased
to see that he has been working to sculpt Your body to Your liking for all
these years. 

You say:
&quot;Come to me kgotso, and kiss your Mistress' feet. You belong to me again,
and this time, it's for good. You will live and die in my service. You no
longer have free will, or a choice.&quot;

&nbsp;

i crawl to
You, naked, and begin kissing Your feet obediently. i feel the rush of knowing
that You have total and complete ownership of me for the next 20 or 30 years. i
have accepted this position in serving You. This is my new life, and i am
thankful for it. i know that when You no longer find me physically attractive,
You might choose to replace me. i accept this, and can only hope that You will
not, and that You will instead take younger, virile lovers to please You, while
using and loving Your boy until the end.

&nbsp;

i have not
raised my gaze from Your feet, and i feel Your hands put something around my
neck. It is a silver collar, and once it is closed, it cannot be opened or
removed without destroying it. It is permanent, and i will wear it until the
day i die. &quot;You may raise your eyes boy.&quot;, You say. i look up at You,
and see that You are even more beautiful than i remembered. You are smiling
down at me. Your hair is a bit shorter, but fuller, and Your body is still
amazing. Your eyes still look at Your boy with a combined sense of ownership
and lust, and it makes me know that my decision to come belong to You again was
the smartest thing i have ever done, and that it is my destiny.

&nbsp;

&quot;We
will take a tour of My Home and the grounds now, and I will acquaint You with
Your role here. I will be giving You instructions along the way. I want you to
know I love You with all my heart, My Kgotso, but I will beat You until you are
bloody, bruised and broken if you forget My instructions. My doctors will
repair My slave's body, and I will beat you over and over again until I know that
you will not forget My instructions. Is that clear, Kgotso?&quot; i respond
with a clearly stated &quot;Yes Mistress&quot;.

&nbsp;

�I know
that You are a very good boy, so I doubt that such brutal methods will ever be
necessary, but you need to be aware of the consequences.�

&nbsp;

�Yes
Mistress. Thank You Mistress.�

&nbsp;

You attach
a leash to the ring on the collar. &quot;You will follow me at exactly three
paces at all times, except when you need to open a door for me, or are directed
to perform a task for me. We will begin here, in My Bedroom. You will be
allowed to sleep here, with me, as I love falling asleep in my kgotso's arms.
Every morning, you will wake up before me and fetch a cup of coffee for me from
the kitchen. You will kneel by the bed and massage my feet until I awaken. After
I have enjoyed my morning coffee and foot massage, you will pleasure me with My
tongue, then I will empty my bladder in My mouth. If you spill so much as a
drop, I will beat you until my arms are tired and you will spend a night in
that slave cage at the foot of my bed. Is that clear, kgotso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress.&quot;

&nbsp;

You lead me
over to the wall and pull the lever, opening the sliding panel to Your
torture/pleasure chamber. &quot;I'm sure my kgotso has already discovered this
room in his explorations. At the end of our tour, we will be returning here to
resume your long overdue training. I plan to take great pleasure in showing my
boy just how sadistic I truly am. You will feel profound pain in this room, and
I will be enjoying your screams and cries. The room is soundproofed, so we
won't disturb my servants if I choose to torture you all night at times. Of
course, you do not have a safe word, kgotso. You also have no limits except for
what I decide for you. It is such a paradox, isn't it? I love you more than any
other, yet I take great pleasure from hurting my boy. I have never enjoyed
exercise very much, but I will be using your daily beatings as my exercise. I
do not need a reason to beat my boy bloody. I do not need a reason to punish my
boy. I will be doing so whenever I feel like it, and I will beat you until my
arms are tired, and I have worked up a sweat from the effort. If you please me,
I may reward you by allowing you to lick the sweat off Your Mistress' body and
lick me to orgasm afterwards. Is that clear, kgotso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress. Thank You Mistress.&quot;

&nbsp;

You proceed
to take me outside, and as we walk past some of Your male and female servants
and they simply smile and nod, even though i am naked and collared. I notice
that they are all young and attractive, and appear to be of many different
nationalities. You smile at me, and tell me that all of Your servants know of
me, and that they were expecting me. &quot;I have spent years assembling this
staff. They are well paid for their service and their discretion and they are
all completely submissive to me.� They
are capable and extremely loyal servants, and I take pleasure from them all
from time to time. You are, and always will be, My One True Love and slave, kgotso,
but you are in my world now, and I will continue to use my servants to satisfy
my desires. Only you will ever share my bed though, my love.&quot;

&nbsp;

The estate
is immense. We cross the back lawn, where an attractive and muscular man that
appears to Native American is trimming some hedges, and we walk through the
woods at the rear of the estate until we come to what appears to be a stable
and a horse paddock. There are no horses in sight, however. Half of the stable
is equipped with state of the art fitness equipment. Lining one wall are bits
and bridles, crops and whips, and a pair of shiny and very sharp spurs.
&quot;This is where my kgotso will be maintaining his physique for me. You will
continue to follow your exercise regimen, and it will be supplemented with your
duties as my pony. At times, we will use a saddle that I have had fitted for
you, other times you will pull a cart, but most of the time i will enjoy riding
you bareback. I'm looking forward to feeling my boy's delicious back muscles
tense against my pussy when I dig the spurs into your thighs.&quot;

�

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
boy, we'll go back to the house now. There will be plenty of time for riding
lessons later. We are to begin your training again, starting tonight.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

You lead me
by the leash back to the main house, and when we get there, You order me to
kneel for You, and wait. You summon two female servants using the intercom by
Your bed...

&nbsp;

&quot;We
will be using the method that you suggested all those years ago, my kgotso, but
with a twist. I know that you are merely a man, and while I also know that all
of your body belongs to me, My cock and balls may be tempted to stray. This
training will ensure that that can never happen. When we have completed this
segment of your training, My cock will only respond to Me. You will be unable
to function for anyone but Me.

&nbsp;

The two
servants arrive, naked, and one is holding a powerful and menacing cattle prod,
which she hands to You respectfully upon arriving.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girls. Kgotso, on your back.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Angela
will now sit on your face, while Stephanie sucks your cock. If you begin to get
hard, I will punish my balls with the prod. Is that clear, kgotso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress Nandi.&quot;

&nbsp;

Angela
takes her place, pushing her shaved pussy against Your mouth while Your slave
is stretched out, flat on his back. Stephanie takes Your cock into her mouth
and begins sucking it. Your cock immediately starts to get hard, and You press
the prongs of the prod against Your balls and press the button....i shriek
loudly. It feels like Your balls have been set on fire.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
to me. kgotso&quot; You have spread Your legs, and offered Your glorious pussy
to Your boy, and i eagerly crawl to You and begin licking, and growing hard
again...

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
on your back again, kgotso&quot;

&nbsp;

Angela and
Stephanie resume their positions, and it takes Your cock a little longer to
begin growing hard again before You need to punish Your balls. i yelp again and
grow soft. &quot;Good boy, kgotso!!! Come to me.&quot;

&nbsp;

i crawl
back to You, and begin licking Your pussy again, and Your cock grows hard, and
remains unpunished...

&nbsp;

You repeat
this over and over again, and each time Your servants try to stimulate Your
cock, it is less responsive. As soon as it shows signs of becoming erect, You
use the prod on Your balls. Each time You summon Your slave to lick You, Your
cock grows hard again. You are satisfied with the progress, and after an hour
or so, You dismiss Your servants. &quot;It has been years since we made love,
My kgotso. I will now allow you to take me roughly, as that gives me pleasure.
I will be your babygirl, and you will be my Man, whenever I choose to allow you
to be. Carry me to My bed, and undress Me. Now.&quot;

&nbsp;

i pick You
up in my arms, and You place Your arms around my strong shoulders and Your head
against my chest. i gently remove Your clothes, and Your cock is getting very
hard and feels ready to burst. i can't wait to feel it inside You. I ask:
&quot;Are you going to be a good girl and please your Daddy?&quot; You say
&quot;Yes&quot;, softly, and smile your beautiful smile up at me. I stroke your
pretty face, and then, without warning, my expression darkens and I slap your
face twice, hard, and place both of my hands around your neck and begin to
squeeze.

&quot;Yes,
what?&quot; 

&quot;Yes
Daddy! I'll be a good girl for you!!&quot;

&quot;That's
better, little girl.&quot;

&nbsp;

I place you
over my lap, and begin spanking you. Softly at first, then a little bit harder
each time, until your breathing gets heavier, and you begin to gasp with each
spank...

&nbsp;

After a few
minutes, you cry out, &quot;Please stop Daddy! Please fuck me!!&quot; I roughly
push you off my lap, and roll you onto your back. I pin your throat to the bed
with my strong hands, and squeeze until you squeak softly and look up at me
with your beautiful eyes, your expression pleading for me to fuck you. &quot;I'm
going to take great pleasure from treating you like my little fuckslut now.
Partly because I know you love it and want it, but mostly because I want to. I
am Your slave, however when you unlock this side of me, it is very real. I
don't care if it hurts you, or if you beg me to stop. I am going to fill your
pussy with my cock and fuck you as hard as I want, for as long as I want, until
I am satisfied...

&nbsp;

You lie
there while I selfishly take pleasure in fucking you hard. It hurts a bit, and
I am so rough and wild with you that you get a little scared, but that makes it
even more exciting for you. You come from the brutal fucking, panting like a
dog, and moaning loudly. Your head is thrown back and your mouth is wide open
in a silent scream. I love to make you feel and look this way.� It's the first time in years that you have
had an orgasm from being fucked, and you remember how much you love Your
kgotso's inner beast. Your cock explodes in your pussy, and I fill you full of
come, and collapse on top of you. We are both sweaty and exhausted. I roll over
on my side, and you fall asleep with your head on my chest. You are smiling.

&nbsp;

In the
morning, I wake up before You do, and gaze at Your beautiful, satisfied face.
You are still smiling in Your sleep. I quietly slip out of bed to go get Your
morning coffee.

&nbsp;

i place the
coffee on the nightstand, and begin gently massaging Your feet to slowly wake
You. Your eyes slowly open, and you smile down at me and say, &quot;You were a
very good beast for me last night, kgotso, but it's time to put you back where
you belong. You made quite a mess in Your Mistress last night, and it's time
for you to clean it up, and lick me to my morning orgasm. Get to it.&quot;

&nbsp;

i kneel on
the bed, between Your thighs, and proceed to lick all around Your pussy,
licking up the sweat and come from last night. i extend my tongue deeply inside
You, cleaning up every bit. i begin flicking the tip of my tongue on Your
pussy, pleasing You as instructed. You enjoy it for a little while, then
announce, &quot;I need to empty my bladder before I can come. Get ready to
swallow every drop, kgotso, and remember my warning to you yesterday. Do not
spill a drop, or you will be whipped and then caged. Do you understand,
kgotso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress&quot;

&nbsp;

i place my
mouth over Your pussy, and You begin to piss. i manage to swallow quickly
enough at first, but a bit dribbles out, and i am horrified.� i continue to swallow as quickly as i can
until Your powerful, dark stream stops.

&nbsp;

You sigh
and say, &quot;I don't even need to look down to know that you spilled some, my
boy. You are in big trouble for two reasons. First, you spilled, and I have
already explained what will happen for that. Second, your mistake means that
you will not be allowed to lick me to my morning orgasm now, and I start every
day with an orgasm.&quot;

&nbsp;

i feel
shame, and am resigned to my punishment. &quot;Crawl into the torture room and
get the third cane in the rack, and bring it back here. Now.&quot;

&nbsp;

i crawl
into the torture room and see a rack containing 6 canes, and ending in a real
sjambok. i see that the canes start small, and go up to 20 mm thick, and then
the sjambok is last in line. i am terrified, but slightly relieved that the
cane You have selected is only about 10mm. i know that my punishment will be
brutal just the same, but i feel thankful for Your selection.

&nbsp;

i return,
clenching the cane in my teeth, and crawl to You. &quot;You will not be
restrained for this beating. You will learn to hold your position for me, no
matter how much this hurts, Do you understand, kgotso?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress. i understand&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now.
How many strokes did I say you would receive if you spilled even a drop of my
golden nectar?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
did not, Mistress. You said that You would beat me until Your arms were
tired.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
boy. That is exactly what I said.� I have
decided to only give you twenty strokes, however. I do not wish to be too tired
when John RedCorn is summoned to come and please me while you watch from your
cage. You had your chance to please me, and you blew it.&quot; i bristle with a
bit of jealousy and fear at these words, but i am, after all, Your slave, and i
had an idea that this would be the natural order of things. Once i have
accepted it, i begin to feel a little bit excited about watching one of your
servants please You.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress. Thank You Mistress.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
bend at the waist, grip your ankles, and wait for your punishment to
begin,� kgotso. You will count for Me. If
you miss a count, or release your ankles, we will begin at 1 again. Do you
understand, slave?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
Mistress.&quot;

&nbsp;

�i do as i am told, and wait. i hear You press
the button on the intercom by Your bed and say. &quot;Send me John
Redcorn.&quot; i feel nervous at the thought of another man seeing me naked,
bent over, and whipped, but i accept my place and wait for my punishment

&nbsp;

John
enters, and You tell him what is happening, and instruct him to take a seat and
enjoy the show.

&nbsp;

You
immediately unleash a very hard cane stroke, and my knees buckle a bit from the
pain. i hold my position, however, and call out &quot;One&quot;, my voice
cracking. i hear Your servant chuckle softly.

&nbsp;

This goes
on for 18 more vicious strokes, and i manage to count each stroke and hold my
position. i feel proud. On the 19th stroke the cane contacts Your balls by
mistake (at least I think so), and i cry out, and fall to the floor.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tsk
tsk slave. What did I say would happen if you failed?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will now begin again at 1, Mistress. i beg of You not to, but that is what You
said.&quot; My voice is cracking, and there is very genuine fear in it. i am
certain that i will not be able to endure another beating like that. Tears have
welled up in my eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm
what should I do? Ah! I know. I will give you a choice, slave. We will either
begin again at 1, or you will crawl to John and suck his cock and swallow his
come. He fucks me much better and longer after he comes at least once, and it
will be your job to make that happen, then suck him hard again so he can fuck
me while you watch us.� I could simply
order you to do it, but I want you to choose which it will be. Either crawl to
him now, or get back into position and we will begin again. Decide
immediately&quot;

&nbsp;

i
immediately crawl to where John RedCorn is seated. i had been curious about
doing this for Mistress when we first got together, and i know she knows that
because we had talked about it. i have never done this before, but i am eager
to try it, to please Her, and i am very eager to avoid twenty extra strokes
from Her cane. She knew what i would choose before She asked me.

&nbsp;

You say
&quot;Remove your clothes, John.&quot;, and he does. His body is very lean and
muscular, and he is completely shaved. His cock is only slightly longer and
thicker than mine, but similar in appearance. In physical build, we could pass
for twins.

&nbsp;

You tell me
to take his cock into Your mouth, and i do, tentatively at first, but with
growing enthusiasm. it excites me to perform for You this way. You walk behind
the chair he is seated in, and begin playing with his nipples and running Your
hands over his broad chest while You watch his cock go in and out of Your
slave's mouth.

&nbsp;

You say
&quot;goodbiy&quot; and chuckle a bit, then You begin kissing him passionately,
making his cock grow larger and more difficult to take. i continue, only
gagging slightly. it gets easier the longer i do it for, and soon i am bobbing
my head up and down along the full length of his cock slowly and deeply, making
him moan with pleasure.

&nbsp;

i feel his
cock start twitching, and i know what is coming, so i concentrate on making him
finish. i am eager to do Your bidding, and swallow for You.

&nbsp;

He moans
loudly, and comes, and it is so much, and i am so surprised, that some slips
beyond my lips and slides down the length of his cock, over his balls, and
puddles in between his ass and the chair.

&nbsp;

You stop
kissing him, look down and say, &quot;Now finish the job and clean up every
drop, slave.&quot;

&nbsp;

i lap along
the length of his now-softening shaft, then glide my tongue along his heavy
balls (like i said, we could pass for twins from the neck down :). I lick up
every bit of come from his cock and balls, then i hesitate a bit, before i hear
You say, &quot;Now clean up his ass with My tongue, kgotso&quot;. i do, and i
glance up to see that You are pleasuring Yourself while You watch...

&nbsp;

&quot;Goodbiy.
Now crawl into your cage.&quot;

&nbsp;

i turn
around on my hands and knees, and crawl across the room and into the cage at
the foot of Your bed. It is much like the dog crate that You used to use for
Your slave's punishment, but it has been modified. The top of the cage is
covered with a thick red leather upholstered pad, and there is a face sized
padded opening in the top toward the front of the cage. There are also smaller
round holes at both ends of the cage. i can guess why there are two holes, and
it makes my heart race a bit.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was a pretty decent job you did for the first time, boy, but you are going to
need a lot more practice. It pleases your Mistress to see you used hard, and
you will be. Did you notice that there are two cock holes in your cage? I will
be training both of My holes to pleasure Me, and my servants. Once I secure
your thighs to the back bars, My ass is open to anyone or anything I wish to fuck
it with. My mouth can be pressed to the front cock hole, or up into the face
hole, as I wish. You will be spending time in this cage often. It is not only
for punishment.� I will be using it to
train My holes. For now, however, you will be servicing your Mistress and her
lover here from inside your cage.&quot; With that, you attach a padlock to the
cage latch, and i am securely imprisoned.

&nbsp;

&quot;Put
My mouth into cocksucking position, slave.&quot; i do, and You pull a strap
through the bars and around my head, securing it tightly. Your slave's open
mouth is held pressed firmly against the front cock hole. You bend down, and
produce a small bottle, and spray some of the green fluid into my mouth, deep
into my throat. It tastes of mint, and i feel my throat relax and grow a little
numb. You smile warmly at me and say &quot;Just a little kindness, my kgotso.
This will prevent you from gagging. Once you are fully trained, there will be
no need for the anesthetic spray.&quot; You motion John RedCorn to approach. He
knows what to do, and he pushes his cock through the hole, and into Your
slave's waiting mouth, and begins rocking his hips back and forth. i begin
sucking eagerly without having to be told to.

&nbsp;

You then
lie on Your back on top of the cage and spread Your legs. i can see out of the
corner of my eye that Your beautiful pussy and ass are framed by the top hole
perfectly. i hope and pray that i might be allowed to worship You at some
point, but for now, Your mouth is being used as a fuckhole by Your servant.

&nbsp;

You tell
John to begin licking You while he thrusts his now hard cock into Your slave's
mouth. i realize that i can feel his flat belly brushing up against the tip of
my nose that sticks through the bars. i'm slightly surprised, and i feel a bit
of pride that i can take his cock all the way so soon. The spray certainly
helped! He continues to fuck Your slave's mouth like a pussy, and i can feel
his cock go deep into my throat with each powerful thrust.

&nbsp;

i can hear
him moaning softly against Your pussy, combining with Your moans. i know You
enjoy this and it pleases me to think that i am helping to pleasure You, even
if indirectly. i suck harder, and swallow repeatedly and rapidly, milking Your
servant�s cock with my throat muscles.

&nbsp;

You tell
John to remove the strap behind my head, and re-attach it to the top hole.
&quot;Bring My mouth up to me, boy&quot;. i crane my neck upwards into the
padded hole, and my lips are firmly pressed against Your pussy. The padding is
designed to hold my forehead back just enough so that i can breathe through my
nose. Every breath i draw will pass across Your ass, and the beautiful smell of
Your musk causes my cock to twitch and drool pre-come onto the floor of the
cage in a steady stream. i feel like i am in heaven.

John
secures the strap holding my head in place, then You tell him You are ready for
his cock. i feel his hard cock sliding over my lips as he enters You.
&quot;Start licking, kgotso.&quot;

&nbsp;

i lick as
ordered, pleasing my Mistress and Her lover at the same time. In my place
beneath Her, i feel like this is exactly where i belong. i feel no jealousy or
resentment. She is my superior, and deserves to take pleasure in any way She
chooses, and be served by me in any capacity She chooses.

&nbsp;

My jaw has
grown very tired, but i have no choice but to keep licking. i know if i stop,
or unthinkably, dare to complain, She will be displeased, and the thought of it
horrifies me. i enter an almost hypnotic state, and the pain in my jaw begins
to seem far away.

&nbsp;

After a
very long time, Her lover tenses, then comes deep inside Her for a long time. i
can feel his cock pulsing over and over again as his come fills my Mistress'
pussy.. He slowly withdraws his cock, and i begin to taste some of the come as
his cock brushes across my lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;Open
My mouth, kgotso, we've prepared a gift for you.&quot; i hear You chuckling
softly, and i hold my mouth wide open, despite the pain, and wait...

&nbsp;

You
instruct John to call for Angela and tell her to bring Stephanie, a video
camera, a gin and tonic, Your cigarettes, and Sehloho, He is Your carpenter and
torture device builder.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will hold that position, kgotso, until I choose to give you your gift. Once I
do, you will not swallow until I give you permission.&quot;

&nbsp;

Angela
enters, followed by Stephanie and a very tall and dark man. i don't know what
You plan for me, but his hands are massive, and if the old rule of thumb is
true, then i assume he must have a huge cock, too. i cringe a little, but i am
Your property, and resigned to my fate.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
sets Your drink and cigarettes on the nightstand. You order Sehloho to set up
the tripod and video camera next to the cage, level with my face. Before You
instruct him to turn it on, You tell me why he brought it. &quot;I am going to
video tape my boy doing some very naughty things. Then I am going to make you
write a letter renouncing your US citizenship, and I will also be burning your
passport. When you last served Me, I remember that there were times when your
submission was less than complete. After today, you will have nothing, and be
no one except as I allow it. The video is for my amusement, and to ensure that
you never have an unsubmissive thought again. Copies will be published on the
Internet and sent to everyone you used to know in your past life, including all
of your former employers, Thank you for sharing your resume, kgotso! You were
so proud of your career! Sending out the videos will ensure that you can never
leave here and build a new life if you ever even briefly think of it. I
know you love me, and are bound to me by more than these things, but I will
enjoy knowing that your slavery to Me is now complete. I am your entire world,
and you will be at my mercy until the day you draw your final breath.

&nbsp;

You nod to
Sehloho to turn on the camera, and You clench Your muscles and expel the entire
contents of Your come-filled pussy into Your mouth. You wait a moment, then say
&quot;Swallow, kgotso&quot;. i do, and choke a little, and some of it runs out
of the corner of Your mouth. The camera catches every detail. You temporarily
release me from the cage, and Stephanie cleans my face, and puts a white shirt
and a tie on Your slave. I am still naked from the waist down. i am led to a
desk n the corner of the room and seated. Sehloho moves the camera, showing me
seated from the waist up, and it appears to the camera that i am sitting in an
office. You begin questioning me from off camera. i know what You expect from
me, and i answer as i know You want me to, in order to seal my fate. We both
know that my answers will not be true, and You wink at me conspiratorially
before You begin. The fact that You know me so well, and know that i will do
this for You and for us warms my heart, and it fills me with love for You. i am
finally giving my life to You completely.

&nbsp;

&quot;Have
you ever stolen from, or cheated an employer?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes I
have. As often as I could without getting caught. Nobody ever suspected me. I
was very good at it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Have
you ever betrayed your government?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes I
have.� I will be renouncing my
citizenship and will never return to the United States.&quot;

&nbsp;

This goes
on for some time, and by the nature of Your questions and my expected, and
imagined on the spot, false answers, I know exactly what You are doing. By
sending the appropriate sections of the tape to the affected people, You now
possess the power to destroy any aspect of my former life that You choose to,
virtually erasing my former existence before i arrived here yesterday. You tell
Sehloho to turn off the camera

&nbsp;

&quot;Now
get back into the cage, slave. You are going to be the star in a very special
film...&quot;

&nbsp;

You relax
on the bed, sipping Your drink, and smoking a cigarette. Your four servants and
Your caged slave obediently wait for You to say something. You announce that
first on tonight�s agenda is to break Your ass in, and then You will resume
training Your cock.

&nbsp;

You lie
back on the bed, and exhale cigarette smoke leisurely, and tell Your slave to
arch his back like a bitch begging to be fucked. �Present My ass to the rear
cock hole, and place My mouth at the front of the cage.� Sehloho, start the
camera.�

&nbsp;

I get into
position, eagerly now. I know that this will be my life from now on. Serving
You, and amusing You.� You tell Sehloho
to strap me into place, and he does as You ask him to.

&nbsp;

Your ass,
and Your mouth are firmly strapped into place, and You relax, and get ready to
direct�

&nbsp;

�John
RedCorn, stand at the back of the cage. Sehloho, get in front of it�. You smile
and tell me that You will be training Your ass to take Sehloho�s cock at some
point, but for tonight, at least, You feel merciful.

&nbsp;

You
instruct John to lube up and stroke his cock hard, and You tell Sehloho to feed
Your slave his cock. I begin sucking eagerly. It is difficult to get my mouth
around it, even though it is soft.

&nbsp;

When John�s
cock gets hard, You tell him to slide it in, and admonish him to proceed
carefully. You don�t want him to tear Your ass. Waiting for stitches to heal
would delay Your slave�s progress in training, and that simply would not do.

&nbsp;

�When you
have it all the way in, John, I want you to take pleasure in fucking my
boy.� I can see that Sehloho�s cock is
now fully hard. Are You enjoying using my boy that way?�

&nbsp;

�Yes Ms.
Nandi. Your boy is becoming a very good cock sucker.�

&nbsp;

You smile,
and summon Angela to come to the bed, and send Stephanie to go retrieve the cattle
prod for the next phase.� While Angela
licks Your pussy, You begin to direct.

&nbsp;

�John, go
slower, and deeper. Time your thrusts into My ass with Sehloho�s thrusts into
My mouth. I enjoy timing and symmetry.� I
am enjoying the show.�

&nbsp;

They
comply, and I feel John�s cock sliding deeper into my ass as Sehloho�s cock
slides into my throat.

&nbsp;

�Mmmmm
kgotso, you are becoming a very good cockslut. Perhaps I will recruit another
servant with a longer cock than Sehloho�s, and see if we can repeat this
exercise, with their cocks meeting somewhere in My belly!:� You chuckle, and go back to enjoying Angela�s
tongue on Your pussy.

&nbsp;

Stephanie
returns with the prod, and You tell Sehloho and John to fuck at will, and fill
Your slave with come�

They start
fucking Your slave harder and deeper, and come in Your ass, and Your mouth, at
almost exactly the same time. I feel a little shame, but also, deep pleasure,
for serving to amuse and please You. Quite honestly, I enjoyed being used that
way.

&nbsp;

You direct
Sehloho to reposition Your boy in the cage for further training. �Place him
with My face in the padded top hole, and My cock and balls sticking out of the
rear hole.�

&nbsp;

He opens
the cage, and ensures that Your face is pressed to the top hole, and that Your
cock and balls are pressed against the rear hole. He straps Your face in place,
then slides a steel rod through the bars, supporting Your slaves back.

&nbsp;

You leave
the bed, and walk over to the cage slowly, and smile down at Your boy through
the bars. You walk to the back of the cage, and pull Your cock and balls
through the hole. Sehloho is waiting, and places two pieces of steel plate,
each with semi-circles, around Your cock and balls, and secures them in place.
They are now trapped outside of the cage, completely exposed, and at Your
mercy.

&nbsp;

�Angela.
Sit on the top hole and my slave will begin to lick you.�

�Stephanie.
Begin sucking My kgotso�s cock. If it begins to get hard, pull your mouth off
it, and I will correct My slave.�

&nbsp;

�We will
now continue your pussy-loyalty training. Begin licking Angela�s pussy.� 

I do, and
Stephanie begins sucking Your cock. I groan in dread as I feel Your cock begin
to stir, and I feel the cold air on it as she pulls her mouth back to make room
for You to correct me with the cattle prod. I feel the cold steel points touch
the tender skin of Your balls, and I tense in anticipation of the jolt to come.
It is only 8PM, and I know that You like to stay up late. It will be a long
night of training, and part of me dreads it, but I am also thankful that You
care for and love Your slave enough to put so much planning and effort into
training me.

&nbsp;

Over the
next few years, You continue training Your kgotso to perfection. We grow older
together, closer, and more deeply in love than ever. You conduct the ongoing
training very carefully, ensuring that You create a perfect slave for You, but
one that still has the individuality and sense of humor that You fell in love
with all those years ago. My mind and my thoughts are still my own, even though
my body is Your property. I am a perfect companion and lover for You, as well
as Your slave. Since my arrival five years ago, You have been investing the 2.5
Million very wisely. Unbelievably, it has grown to 7 Million , almost entirely
through legitimate investments!� You
share this news with Your boy over an informal Sunday night dinner of fish and
vegetables steamed in palm tree leaves. i know that You must have personally
prepared this meal, since i have not seen any of Your servants since Friday.
You see my mind working, and You know me so well, that You can almost always
read Your boy�s thoughts. You smile lovingly and say, �Yes my beloved kgotso.
Your Mistress made this for You with Her own two hands!� Then You laugh Your
beautiful laugh. The one that still makes my knees weak with love for You. �I
have dismissed all of my servants with handsome retirement packages. This
estate has been sold and we will be leaving here in the morning. I have decided
to join My kgotso in retirement. I do hope you enjoy fish, dear, as that will
be a major part of our diet for the rest of our days�� You chuckle, and I look
at You, slightly confused.

&nbsp;

��Remember the beautiful, deserted little
island we visited just off the coast a few weeks ago?�

&nbsp;

�Yes
Mistress. We both fell in love with that place�� Suddenly, something in my mind
clicks, and since I know You as well as You know Your boy, I know what You are
about to say before You utter a word�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mistress�
Epilogue

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

My slave and
I live on a small deserted island. We spend our days walking around the beach,
playing in the water and basking in the sun. We are naked all the time. 

&nbsp;

During the
day I like to lie under the shade of the palm trees reading while my Kgotso
fishes. Then we watch the sunset while the fish is grilled over an open flame.

Every evening
before it is time for bed, I like to tie you tightly against the hard, rough
bark of the palm trees with my cock and balls pressed firmly between your (My)
body and the tree. I begin whipping you with a whip you have made from material
found on the island. You feel extreme pain, but cannot move because my cock and
balls would chafe against the tree and scratch skin away. You know your
mistress does not want her cock and balls to be damaged, so you stay utterly
still as I thrash at you. I do not gag you because no one can hear your
screams. I whip you so hard you begin bleeding and begging for mercy. The only
reason I stop is because my arms are hurting. 

&nbsp;

I release you
from the tree and you fall back onto the sand. I sit on my face and begin
sucking on my cock.&nbsp; It becomes hard and I climb onto it. Our life
together is perfect.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The End

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kgotso


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





