BDSM Library - Ralf and Megan Pt. 1




Ralf and Megan Pt. 1
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sweet 18 year old Megan is blackmailed by her younger brother to things she never dreamed of.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-07-11T00:04:00Z
  2007-07-11T00:04:00Z
  11
  3781
  21554
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  179
  50
  25285
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






This is pure
fiction!!!

English is not my
first language, so please be forgiving with mistakes in language and grammar

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Ralf and Megan

&nbsp;

Ralf lived with
his sister Megan and his parents in a small town in the middle-west, he was 11 

and his sister was
18. Megan was 5.5 tall and had an awesome body, green eyes, a lovely 

face full of
freckles and dark-blonde hair.� When she
was 16, she was caught selling drugs 

and went for four
weeks to a boot camp, which was a terrible nightmare. She promised 

herself and her
parents to do never such things.

One day as Ralf
came home from school earlier he saw how Megan counted some pills and 

put them
afterwards in a little box, which she hid in her closet.

Ralf was only 11
years old, but he knew immediately what it was. One hour later Ralf went 

into Megan's room
and took the box with the pills. He was not quite sure what he was going 

to do with them
but he thought something would come up. As Megan came home that 

evening she made
her room a complete mess. Ralf showed up and asked if something was 

wrong. Megan
looked at him with sinister eyes. &quot;You have it, give it back!&quot; Megan
cried. &quot;I 

have what?&quot;
Ralf responded naive. Ralf left her room and went to his own.

Five minutes
later Megan came in and set on his bed. &quot;Please Ralf, give it back&quot;
she began 

to beg.
&quot;Give you what?&quot; Ralf asked. &quot;You know exactly what I mean,
Ralf&quot;, &quot;No, I don't, sorry 

I think I can't
help you, if you don't tell me what I should give you back!&quot; Ralf said and
tried to 

hide his grin.
&quot;Ok, you took a small box out of my closet! Now give it back&quot; �
&quot;What was in 

the box?&quot;
Ralf questioned. &quot;Oh fuck, ok my pills were in there!&quot; Megan said and
troubled to 

hold back her
tears. &quot;What kind of pills?&quot; Ralf asked. Megan looked at him with a
frowning 

face and said
&quot;You already know it, but ok, my drugs were in it. Do you remember
now?&quot; &quot;Oh 

of course, this
box you mean, Ralf smiled, I took it, I will give it to Mom and Dad, because I 

really care about
you and I think drugs are not good for you.&quot; Megan looked shocked and 

began to stumble
&quot; You�you will do what? � You can't! Please Ralf that's not fair. Come on 

I'm your
sister!&quot; Megan began to flutter. Ralf looked triumphal at his sister
&quot;Not fair? I can tell 

you what is not
fair, when you with your friends at home and all the time you do jokes on me, 

the little dwarf,
your dump little brother, that's not fair! When something in the house is 

damaged, your are
innocent, of course, little, clumsy Ralf is guilty. That's not fair! Should I
go 

on?&quot; Ralf
knew, now he had something valuable in his hands. &quot;Ok&quot;, Megan began,
&quot;my 

friends and me
will never do jokes on you, ok? Now give me the box.&quot; Megan again begged. 

&quot;It's not
that easy Megan, I will think about it, now please go out of my room.&quot;
Megan left and 

Ralf thought,
that his sister looks very good, but she had not really much in her brain. He 

took his video
camera out of his closet and ascertained what he has caught on camera. Ralf 

decided, that he
really had to think about it and went to bed.

At the next day
in the morning Ralf knocked on his sister's room and went in. &quot;Megan&quot;
he 

started to talk
&quot;what would you do to get the box back and so don't have to go to the boot


camp or even
jail?&quot; Megan was not sure what to say and asked Ralf if he had something
in 

mind. Ralf shook
his head. &quot;I can tidy up your room, or cook for you or, or ..., I don't
know. 

Anything you
want!&quot; Ralf looked surprised at her, could it be so easy. &quot;If you say
anything, 

you mean anything
and nothing is off limits?&quot; Ralf asked. &quot;No, this isn't going to
happen, not 

anything is off
limits, no way! I just say mom and dad, that the pills don't belong to me! Go 

out little
dwarf!&quot; Megan cried out at once . &quot;Ok, no problem, so I give mom and
dad your 

drugs and the
tape!&quot; Ralf said, while leaving. &quot;Stop, wait! What tape?&quot; Megan
asked 

surprised.
&quot;Don't you remember yesterday evening, in my room? Accidentally my video-

camera was
switched on, while you talked about your drugs. So deal everything is off
limits 

or no deal and
jail? What do you mean?&quot; Ralf asked with a devilish smile. Megan thought 

about it, she
knew her brother and he was sometimes a bit weird but she had no other choice 

and said
&quot;Yes, nothing is off limits! I know you have something in mind, so tell
me!&quot; So&quot; Ralf 

began &quot;Next
weekend mom and dad will visit aunt Kathy. They're going to leave on Friday 

afternoon and
come back on Monday morning. In this time you will be my slave, you will do 

whatever I tell
you and NOTHING IS OFF LIMITS&quot; Ralf said full of pleasant anticipation.
&quot;Ok&quot; 

Megan said.� 

Ralf left her
room immediately, he had much to prepare for the weekend. Megan saw him not 

often the next
days, after school, he was in his room and told everybody not to disturb him or


he was outside,
Megan fretted what he was doing.

So time rolled
on, it was Friday.

&quot;Take care
of your brother Megan, try to get him in bed about 11 o'clock. And you do what 

your sister tells
you Ralf, did you understand?&quot; their Mother asked, with a strong view on 

Ralf. &quot;Of
course, don't care about us, have fun.&quot; Ralf answered with a devious grin.
Five 

minutes later the
car left their house yard through the gateway. 

Megan tried to
get to her room, without being noticed by her brother, but it was for no use. 

&quot;Ah Megan,
our game has just begun I think&quot; Ralf calls out of the living room, Megan
went in. 

&quot;What do you
want me to do?&quot; she asked. &quot;Don't know, go and clean my room, you can
start 

now, I'll come in
a minute, just wanna watch some TV!&quot; Ralf replied. &quot;Ok, but you know
not 

too long, Mom
think it's not good, to watch TV often.&quot; Megan said, as she turned to go 

upstairs. Ralf
came out of the living room, and bared her way upstairs. &quot;You don't
understand 

Megan, I tell you
what to do, not you me, I watch TV as often and long I want to, did you 

understand?&quot;
Ralf said with an angry voice. Megan nodded and watched to the floor. Without 

a word she went
upstairs and started cleaning her brother's room. Ralf's room was a mess, 

Megan thought,
that it was even worse than normal. She grabbed his dirty clothes and put 

them into the
laundry basket in the bathroom. Just as she started to collect his toy cars,
Ralf 

came in the room.
&quot;Stop doing that, he yelled. I'm hungry now, make us some dinner.&quot; 

Megan was even by
now pissed of, but she asked him what to cook. Her brother decided, it 

should give some
pancakes and Megan went into the kitchen and started to cook. 

After dinner,
Ralf told her to clean up the kitchen, while he would decide, what they would
do 

next. When the
kitchen was done, Ralf told her, that he wanted to play something, and this 

should be Doctor!
Megan knew, that her brother had not had any sexual education in school, 

but there was no
doubt, that he had get a bit knowledge by his friends. &quot;I don't think
that's a 

good idea, Ralf,
we should play something else.&quot; Megan asked shyly. &quot;No, I tell you
what to 

do! Do you wanna
go to jail, do you! So if I say we play, so we do it, is that clear?&quot; he 

shouted at her.
Megan nearly started to cry, but said yes. She knew she had no other choice. 

Megan went into
her room, which her brother had chosen, because of the large bed. Ralf 

took the toy
medical kit from his room then followed Megan. &quot;Now Ms. Smith please strip


completely&quot;,
Ralf said with a grin on his face. &quot;Ok, I do it Ralf, but don't touch me,
ok?&quot; 

Megan asked with
upcoming fear in her voice. &quot;Doctor! I'm your Doctor, clear? And so I have


to touch you, I
have to examine you, you could be ill.&quot; Ralf told her. &quot;No, Ralf,
that is not 

funny, please,
don't do this to me.&quot; Megan pleaded. &quot;For me it is fun, so go
on&quot; Ralf refused 

cold. Megan
started by removing her darkish green top, which she only wore at home, cause 

I was not that
new, she undid the button on her old washy jeans, put it to her ankles and 

stepped out of
it. &quot;What next?&quot;, Megan asked, in the hope, her brother would not
make her 

strip all she
wore. &quot;Completely I said, strip all Ms. Smith, and fuck, call me
Doctor!&quot; he 

shouted.
&quot;Yes Doctor&quot; Megan said�
resistingly, but doffed her socks off. Next she slid her 

fingers under her
sports-bra and pulled it over her head and away. Ralf couldn't believe his 

luck, his 18 year
old sister stripped for him, a 11 year old boy, he was in 7th heaven. He 

observed her
wonderful b-cup breasts, with their small nipples. Megan pulled her white 

cotton panties
off her legs and stand nude in her room in front of her young brother.
&quot;What 

have I to do
next?&quot; she asked a bit pissed. Ralf wasn't able to speak, first her
nipples and 

now her little
trimmed slit, her stand there with wide opened eyes. He had never seen her 

sister nude, this
was the best day of his life. And it was just the beginning.

&quot;So, mmmhh,
well&quot; he could hardly speak &quot;So Ms. Smith, I have to touch you, to be
sure you 

have no breast
cancer!&quot; he said finally. Now Megan knew what he has done all the week, he


had just planned
this, where should he know from the expression breast cancer? Ralf walked 

to her and softly
touched her breast, Megan said nothing, tears rolled over her cheeks. Her 

little brother
fondled her nipples and examined every part of her breasts with great interest.


After a few
minutes, he said &quot;well, Ms. Smith, please lay down on the bed for detailed


examination.
Megan did not become mutinous, she just let herself drop on the bed, complete 

nude as she was.
Ralf picked his toy stethoscope out of his medical kit, he put the earplugs 

in his ears and
began to touch his sister with the stethoscope. Although it was a toy, it was 

made of metal,
Megan shrugged as Ralf put it on her nipple. Then the other, it was paradise 

for him, he had a
whole female body to play. When he was finished with her breasts he told 

her to spread her
legs. &quot;What the hell you want down there?&quot; Megan asked terrified.
&quot;I have 

to check the
pulse of your lower regions, Ms. Smith!&quot; he told her. &quot;What, pulse on
my pussy?&quot; 

Megan asked.
&quot;I am the Doctor!&quot; Ralf said dominant. Although the situation was
beyond 

weirdness she had
to grin. Megan spread her legs. Ralf saw for the first time a female 

genitalia. He was
amazed, after a few seconds of staring he put the stethoscope on her 

labia. Megan
closed her eyes, she couldn't believe it, what was he doing, he was her
brother! 

Her thoughts were
interrupted by her brothers question &quot;How can I look in?&quot; &quot;You
are the 

Doctor, I thought
&quot; Megan hissed at him. &quot;Ok, well I'll try!&quot; he said. &quot;No,
no, ok wait.&quot; Megan 

reached at her
nether lips and spread them. Ralf watched fascinated on her pink opening. 

Megan cried out,
without any warning, her brother had pushed one finger in her most 

intimate parts,
which were hardly moist. &quot;What are you doing?&quot; Megan shouted at him.
&quot;What 

are you doing,
Doctor?&quot; was his cold answer. &quot;I'm just checking, if in your valina
everything is 

alright!&quot; he
continued. &quot;It's vagina not valina&quot; Megan corrected him, &quot;and
now, put your finger 

elsewhere!&quot;
Ralf did as she told him and went out of the room. &quot;Can I get out of the
bed?&quot; 

Megan asked him,
while he was leaving. &quot;No!&quot; he shouted back. One minute later he came


back in her room,
with a ruler in his hands. Megan guessed, what he had in mind. Again he 

got on the bed
and between her legs, as he lowered� his
arm to insert the ruler in her vagina, 

Megan cried out
&quot;Stop, what are you going to do, you sick little bastard?&quot; Ralf
looked at her 

with a surprised
face. &quot;I just wanna know how deep it is.&quot; He told her. &quot;Are you
sick, you 

gonna hurt
me!&quot; Megan cried out. &quot;Then you should better not move! Because you
have to 

do what I tell
you! You know what happens if you don't do it. &quot; Ralf responded.� &quot;Ok, I can't 

stop you, so let
me do it on my own, is this ok?&quot; she asked him sedatively. Ralf nodded and


passed the ruler
to his sister, Megan spread her labia again, swallowed hard and began 

slowly to push
the ruler in her most intimate part. She wasn't a virgin, she had lost her 

virginity two
years ago, while camping with her friends. But the blade like object was
different 

to her fingers or
some cocks she had inside herself so far. It hurts, but she managed to push 

it all the way
in, as the 30 cm ruler was the half way in, she stopped and told her brother,
that 

it was in as far
as possible. Ralf was satisfied with the ruler and allowed his sister to pull
it 

out of her. Next
he grabbed in the medical kit and had a clinical thermometer in his hands. 

Megan knew what
would come next, she reached between her legs and spread her labial 

lips. Slowly Ralf
inserted the thermometer into her pussy. Megan started to moan softly and� 

enjoyed her
ordeal for a few moments. After this Ralf was obviously tiered and allowed 

Megan to do what
she wanted, brushed his teeth and went to bed. Megan went to her room 

after she had
showered and cried till she slept.

At the next
morning Ralf entered Megan's room and told her, that she should get up, dress 

herself only with
her shortest skirt and make some breakfast for them. After they had their 

breakfast, Megan
was told to tidy up the kitchen while Ralf watched TV. When the dishes 

and kitchen were
clean Ralf ordered Megan to go to his room and he followed. As she 

entered the room,
she saw a sheet of white paper and some crayons on the floor. Her 

brother told her,
that he wanted to paint something and he needed some case for the pencils. 

Megan was
shocked, and asked Ralf: &quot;What do you have in mind?&quot; &quot;You will
see!&quot; Ralf 

answered and told
her to lie with her stomach on the floor and spread her legs as wide as 

possible. Megan
now knew what was to happen to her, without any word and some tears in 

her eyes, she did
as she was told. Ralf lied on the floor and started to paint every time he 

changed colours,
he stuffed a new colour into his sister's pussy. Megan moaned hard at 

every new colour
she had to accept, after a short while, she had brown, yellow, red, orange, 

black and green
in her most private orifice. Only blue Ralf needed to paint the sky on his 

picture. Ralf was
completely delighted by the humiliation his sister has to suffer and by the 

power he had over
her. When he was finished, he stood up and put the picture on his desk, 

Megan asked if
she could get up and shower, but Ralf was in a playful mood. &quot;No, stay
there, 

like this, but
take the pens out and clean it!&quot; he commanded. &quot;Oh please, Ralf, this
is 

disgusting and so
kinky, please stop it.&quot; Megan begged. Ralf didn't comment her supplication


and started to
put his toy cars on the floor and began to play with them. 

Megan was unsure
what was happening, she couldn't really see, what her brother was doing 

behind her
between her legs. Suddenly she knew, she felt great pressure at her vaginal 

opening. Ralf was
going to use her vagina as a garage for his cars. The cold, metal and 

angled objects
hurt her, but she knew what would happen if she didn't corporate. She only 

whispered:
&quot;Please Ralf, be cautious.&quot; Ralf played along and didn't really often
use his new 

garage.
Surprisedly Megan registered something big spreading her labia, she closed her 

eyes and bit on her
lips, from behind she only heard her brother: &quot;Damn fire truck, go in 

there!&quot; Some
time later Ralf was satisfied playing with his cars and told Megan, that she 

wasn't needed at
the moment. Relieved Megan stood up, took the big fire truck from her hole 

and went out of
Ralf's sight.������������� 

Two hours later
Ralf went into Megan's room, &quot;Hi sister&quot; he started, &quot;Later my
friends come 

round, we will
need something to eat, I want you to buy some things. We need French fries, 

wiener, sour
cream, mustard and ketchup in a squeeze bottle!&quot; Without a word Megan 

dressed and left
the house. Half an hour later she came back, Ralf told her to put the things 

when necessary
into the fridge and after that she should come into Ralf's room, cause they 

had much to
prepare before the guys would come. As Megan entered his room, he sat at his 

desk. &quot;Ok
Megan, I want you to wear a short mini-skirt, panties, a matching bra and a
tight 

blouse with many
buttons. It's half past four now, they will come at five, I think we should eat


about seven.
Please make everything ready.&quot; Ralf ordered. &quot;what do you have in
mind for the 

evening?&quot;
Megan asked. &quot;You will experience it � You can go now!&quot; he grinned.
Five o'clock 

sharp the
doorbell rang. Ralf opened the door and led his guests into the living room, as


Megan came in as
well. &quot;So guy's&quot; Ralf started, &quot;I told you, we're gonna play
some really 

funny games
tonight!&quot; Megan looked at the guys, there were four of them, she knew all.
It 

was Brian, 11
years old, short for his age, red hair, freckles and all she knew, he was
cheek. 

There was Jake,
he was 13 years old, fat and he had pickaxe all over his face, and he 

always smells
ugly. The third one was Max, he was also 11, very shy and skinny. And the 

last one was
Quentin, he was 12, had dark-blonde hair and that was all, what Megan knew 

about him.
&quot;We will play a quiz&quot; Ralf interrupted her thoughts. &quot;We will
ask questions and 

Megan has to
answer, if she don't know the answer, she has to loose one button, what do 

you think
guys?&quot; All the boys shouted enthused.

Megan was placed
on a kitchen chair, the boys settled down on the sofas round the low 

living-room
table. Jake was the first to ask a question. With a hopeful grin he asked:
&quot;Who is 

the President of
the United States?&quot; Megan looked relieved and said: &quot;It's George
Bush!&quot; 

&quot;Alright&quot;
Ralf started &quot;this is your first Button, it's George W. Bush, not George
Bush!&quot; &quot;But�&quot; 

Megan started,
but undid the first button on her blouse, as she saw the strict face of her 

brother. There
wasn't really much to see for the guys, Megan buttoned her blouse very high. 

Now it was Max to
ask a question: &quot;Ok, Megan, how many players are in a soccer team?&quot;
&quot;I 

don't know, maybe
9.&quot; Megan guessed. &quot;No, there are 11 players! That's the second
button!&quot; 

Max triumphed.
Megan undid the second button, but there wasn't also anything interesting to 

see for the boys.
When Quentin asked the third question Megan did also not know, there was 

the top of the
bra and much cleavage for the boys to see. Jake got visibly nervous and 

couldn't take his
eyes off of Ralf's sister, even less than the other guys. After six buttons the


boys saw Megan's
bellybutton and were like drunk from the feeling of power. After the tenth 

question Megan
could not answer, she looked at her brother and said that the game was 

over, because
there were not more buttons left. Ralf stood up and turned to his friends
&quot;Ok 

so tell me, what
do you want Megan to remove? Her blouse, her bra, her skirt or her 

panties?&quot;
Megan went mealy, but she knew it would make no sense to protest, so she 

swallowed, and as
from the boys after a loud discussion the conclusion &quot;The bra&quot; came,
she 

stood up, turned
around, showed the boys her back and undressed her bra. After that she 

again sat on the
chair and waited for the next question. The boys wasn't really able to ask 

any question,
cause they all stared at the poor girl, her blouse covered her nipples and the 

outsides of her
breasts, but the inside of her breasts were visible to them. When Brian finally


asked his
question, which Megan also couldn't answer, the boys agreed, that the panties
had 

to come off next,
but Megan has to put her feet behind the chair legs, so that her legs were 

semi spread. Tears
rolled down Megan's cheeks, as she had to strip her blouse. The boys 

goggled as her
beautiful, firm b-cups came to view., her nipples already hard from the cold 

air, which her
brother has arranged by leaving the kitchen window open. When Megan had 

also stripped her
skirt and was totally nude in front of the boys. Ralf told his friends, that
they 

should play
something on their own, while he and Megan would prepare dinner. Megan 

followed Ralf
into the kitchen and they took the French fries from the oven and the wiener 

from the cooker.
Megan asked if she could get dressed again, but her brother negate. They 

went into the
dining room and Ralf told his sister with a devilish grin, &quot;You are the
table, I wat 

you to sit on the
table and press as much ketchup as you can out of the squeeze bottle, 

directly into
your pussy!&quot; Megan looked disbelieving at her brother &quot;Are you
stupid? I'm not 

gonna do
this!&quot; &quot;Nothing is off limits, do you remember, do you wanna go to
jail?&quot; Megan was 

at the end of her
tether, she climbed on the great dining room table, brought the bottle 

directly in front
of her genitalia, spread her labia and pressed the ketchup into her pussy. Ralf


next told her, to
lie flat on the table, and let her legs hang down the table from her knees on. 

He came up with
the mustard and placed two doses on her nipples and flushed the sour 

cream onto her
bellybutton. Ralf then put the plates with the wiener and French fries on the 

table and left
the room, to get his friends. One minute later, the door opened and the lads 

saw Megan, with
her legs spread wide, lying on the table. Mustard on her nipples, sour 

cream all over
her belly and a bit of ketchup leaking from her vagina. Megan has her eyes 

closed, so she
wasn't able to see the Jake, who placed himself at the head of the table, 

directly in front
of her wide spread outer lips. And it was also Jake who first grabbed some 

French fries and
squashed them happily into Megan's most intimate orifice. The boys 

touched all over
her body, dipped the wiener on her nipples and the French fries into her 

vagina and
bellybutton. When suddenly Max said: &quot;Megan would you give me a wiener all


over with
ketchup, please?&quot; Megan froze, she had her mind somewhere else, to ignore
the 

humiliation, but
now she had to humiliate her self, she knew it would make no sense to 

protest, cause of
her brother, so she took a wiener and pressed it slowly into her vagina. The 

wiener was
three-quarter in, when she started to pull it back. &quot;He wanted his wiener
all over 

with
ketchup!&quot; Jake said, not yet satisfied with the wiener. So Megan tried to
press the whole 

sausage into her
genitalia, she extracted the piece of food and passed it to Max. Still not 

satisfied with
the show, Jake asked Ralf: &quot;May I go into the kitchen and take a
look?&quot;. Ralf 

nodded his head
and so Jake disappeared in the kitchen. Some time later he came back with 

a huge corncob in
his hand. &quot;I want this all over with ketchup!&quot; he told the guys and
passed 

the vegetable to
Megan. The girl wasn't sure, if it would fit into her, so she peered� with a 

pleading look at
her brother, but he was not willing to deliver her. Megan slowly brought the 

corncob in front
of her vagina, tenderly she started to press. Inch by inch the corncob 

disappeared in
her pussy. Megan felt something between pain and pleasure, till she 

unscrewed the two
inch wide thing from her pussy. The boys watched joyfully the show, 

Megan gave to
them. With a disgusted glance she passed the corn to Jake, who thankfully 

threw it behind
himself. Few minutes later all the boys had had enough. So Ralf told his sister


&quot;When you
have finished cleaning up the dining-room, please shower and come down into 

the living-room.
There's no need to dress again!&quot; The boys went into the living-room and 

Megan started
under tears to clean the mess, the guys had left. 

As Megan, after
her very intensive shower, came back into the living-room, only dressed with 

her bathrobe,
Ralf turned to his friends and began to speak. &quot;Ok guys, it is now half
past 

eight, we still
have� one and a half hour till your
parents pick you up. I think we play a little 

game, called
spin-the-bottle. But we play it a bit different, we spin the bottle, and whose
turn 

it is, tells
Megan what to do, and she will do it, whatever you want from her or you ask her
a 

question and she
has to tell the truth about it!&quot; while speaking he kept a strict view at
his 

sister. Megan
knew, that she had to do everything, how kinky it would be. &quot;Megan please 

take a seat on
the chair!&quot; her brother told her. With a resigned look she took place on
the 

chair, she had
done the strip show for the boys, not knowing what to come. Ralf started to 

turn the bottle,
what was lying on the living-room, table. It was Quentin's part to start.
&quot;Please 

take your
bathrobe off!&quot; So Megan did, now she was again completely naked in front
of five 

pubescent, male
teens. Next it was Brian's turn. &quot;Ahh, yes, don't know, lick your
nipples!&quot; 

Megan tried to
push her b-cup next to her mouth and lick her nipple, with some problems she 

got it and licked
her nipple. While the boys screeched happily. Now it was Max' part and he 

was impatient to
tell his command, &quot;Put one finger into your pussy!&quot; From many times
on her 

room, she was
used to this and put her finger in and out of her pussy, while the boys
intently 

watched. Again
the bottle spinned and Megan saw with horror, that it was Jake's turn to tell 

her what to
do.����� 

End of Part
1������������ 

������ 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  story.freak


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





