BDSM Library - Shooting Star




Shooting Star
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A wish on a shooting star gives a man the power to compel anyone to do anything.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-07-12T22:40:00Z
  2007-07-12T22:40:00Z
  9
  4789
  27299
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  227
  64
  32024
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Falling Star

&nbsp;

Ten
minutes to close, a car comes through the drive-through. It's a generic
restaurant, small enough for me to be alone for, usually, the last hour of the
day. It's the girl I call &quot;Mega-Mams&quot; when the window's not open. She
always gets the same thing, sometimes she has a friend with her. Her name
should have an obvious cause, her tits are huge. Not unbelievably huge, but I
certainly never suspected they were entirely natural. They had to be bigger
than a D cup. Usually their size was difficult to adjudicate, but today she was
wearing a small shirt. It was late and she wasn't trying to impress me. Yet.
Her shirt didn't reveal anything directly, but it made it obvious where her
tits were in relation to the rest of her torso, and they were massive. She was
brunette, with straight, shoulder length hair and bangs. Her eyes were clear
and brown, she was tan, and she was tone. She wasn't quite twenty years old.
She had sharp features, but I'd be lying if I only looked at them when I
suspected she was looking at me. I never wanted to get caught looking at her
huge tits, after all.

Today
was different. Before I continue with this scene, I'll have to tell you why; I
was with my family on the fourth of July. We went to watch fireworks, everyone
drove together, from my mom's house. I live on my own, but I join my family in
events sometimes anyhow. Well, as usual, my family got into a fight before we
even got to the bay. Just after the fireworks ended, I saw a shooting star. Of
course I wished on it. My wish was, &quot;I wish, upon a star, that I could
control people. I wish I could tell or even will someone to do something, and
not only would they do it, they'd want to do it.&quot; Of course, my plan was
to get my family to stop arguing whenever an argument erupted if the wish worked,
with possibly better uses later, hence making it such a generalized wish. Of
course, I didn't expect it to work. It never had before, and I didn't even
remember the rhyme I used as a child when I wished on stars. When my grandpa
started in on my aunt, though, I willed him to stop arguing and he simply
dropped it. All the fighting on the way home was minimal, occurring only
because I hadn't stopped it yet.

It
took me a while, but I remembered and wrote down the wording of my wish. I'm
usually a fairly scientific minded person, and I didn't really think the wish
had worked. Though, the coincidences were incredible, if that wasn't what had
happened with my family. The next day I took a walk, and simply willed people
to do things. A lady dug up a plant she just finished planting, a boy stopped
riding his bike and then threw it into a dumpster. A man broke his own car
window. Someone who just parked started their car back up and then ran it into
the side of their garage. After a few hours, my evidence was about as
conclusive as I could get it. I had the power to control people.

Weeks
went by and I didn't use the power. Frankly, I couldn't think of a good use for
it. At least, not a use I'd be morally comfortable with. Then, one day, my
morals just shut up. I had my boss give me an unreasonably high raise. I got
free food. I slapped a customer's ass. I made a biker kiss his biker friend,
and then willed them to take the fight outside. I got the cops that showed up
to give me a couple free pairs of hand-cuffs and some mace. I was unscrupulous.
That day was the same day Mega-Mams came through the drive-through.

She
didn't want food tonight. I didn't want her to want food. What she came to tell
me was that her tits are real.

&quot;I
don't believe you.&quot;, I admonished with a light-hearted smile.

She,
smiling brighter, replied, &quot;No, it's true! Here!&quot; She grabbed the
bottom of her shirt and pulled up. Her shirt went over her bra, held in place
by her tits. Next she pulled up on the bottom of her bra, pulling it up over
her shirt. Her huge tits were in plain sight. The nipples were proportionally
small and cute. Her tits had no flaws I could see, except they sagged just a
tad. Not as much as you'd expect being as big as they were, though. She didn't
stop there, she held the bra and shirt in place with her right hand, and
grabbed my arm with her left. She pulled my arm out and put my hand on her left
boob, then squeezed my hand onto it. My hand was dwarfed by it! She let go of
my hand, and used both hands to hold her shirt and bra up. I felt around both
of her bags for a minute or two, and she just smiled at me, as though proud for
proving to me that they were real, which, in fact, was proven to me.

&quot;So
they are. Also, your nipples are getting hard&quot;, I returned, smirking at
her knowingly and drawing my hand back in.

&quot;I'm
sorry, it's just that you've always turned me on so much. Could I...&quot;

I
cut her off, &quot;Go home, and come back after you've prepared for me. You'll
know what to do.&quot;

Shirt
up, tits exposed, she sped off. I had several minutes to wait so I took care of
what I had to. Closing time came, I cleaned what needed cleaned and put the
food away. I counted the money and dropped it into the safe, and I was done.
All in less than half an hour. I didn't have a lot left to do in the first
place, but half an hour is still good time. I killed some time by having a
quick snack of potato chips and I read some of a very boring book a customer
had forgotten.

At
about 11:40, forty minutes past close, a car pulled up to the front. The store
had an all window front, with some of the window winding around the left (as
you enter) corner. The store was in a plaza, across the street from another
plaza, on a fairly busy street. I could still see some cars pass by, and of
course some were parked in either plaza's lot. Mega-Mams got out of the car.
The instructions I had willed into her head had been received. She was
completely naked except for her shoes and she held her keys in her right hand.
Her crotch was completely devoid of hair. The big tip-off that she got the
instructions though, bigger than the first thing, was that she had a
clothes-pin on each nipple. Her tits bounced and pained her nipples (she
visibly twisted her face a bit) as she half skipped, half ran to the door,
looking around to see if anyone was looking at her. She found the door locked,
of course.

I
was behind the counter. I put the book back on the shelf it was on and looked
at her. She was looking at me with impatience, rattling the door handle. Then
she got patient. She continued looking around, and she tried to hide behind her
arms as a car drove by, honking. Every move she made, her tits bounced. She
looked back to me after the car passed. I walked to the door slowly. More cars
passed, three of them honked. Her face was obviously red by the time I unlocked
the door and let her in. I walked her over to a booth and had her sit down
facing the road. If someone looked hard enough from the road, they might catch
her tits. If someone pulled up to or walked by the side where the windows wound
around the building, though, her nudity would be obvious. I sat on the other
side of the booth. Her face was still very vaguely twisted, and she glanced at
the clothespins, then to me.

&quot;Is
something bothering you?&quot; I asked.

&quot;They
hurt.&quot; She replied, wringing her hands atop her legs underneath the table.
The effect of that was to make her tits wobble a bit, so she stopped after a
few seconds.

I
raised my hands uncertainly and asked, &quot;Then why did you put them
on?&quot;

She
sat upright a bit (she had previously been leaning down a bit, possibly to hide
from the windows) and looked at me obviously confused, &quot;Because I...
thought you would like it. And... and I wanted you to know I was serious.&quot;

&quot;About
what?&quot;

&quot;About...
I don't know. About how much I want you, I think. Do you understand?&quot;, She
answered with a noticeable frown.

&quot;Of
course I do. And I do like them there.&quot; I motioned vaguely again, but the
other direction.

&quot;Then...
should I take them off, now that you've seen it?&quot;

I
looked at her incredulously, &quot;Are you crazy? I said I do like them, why
would you take them off?&quot;

She
looked down, ashamed I think, &quot;Well, I keep thinking I'll get used to it,
but I don't. It just keeps hurting. Then I'll move and my tits will bounce and
it will hurt even more. So can I please take them off?&quot;

Instead
of answering her, I slowly slid my left arm across the table. When it was
extended all the way, I held onto the clothespin on her right nipple. I pulled
on it a bit, and her torso followed the movement. I willed her to sit upright
again and to not follow the motions. She bolted back into her previous
position, except now the pin was pulling her tit out about three additional
inches. She gasped and shut her eyes, turning her head to the side. After a
moment, she slowly looked back to the clip. By then, my other hand was almost
at her other tit, so she watched as I grabbed the pin on her left nipple. I
pulled it out equal to the other one, but she watched this time, still letting
out a gasp. I twisted them in synchrony, both inwards to 180 degrees. She
hadn't moved to stop me yet, nor would she. As I held them like that, she
looked up to me. Her brow was down and her eyes pleading, a huge frown below. I
twisted them the other way, outward,� the
same amount, plus about 30 extra degrees. She stopped holding her breath as I
did that and she began breathing shallow and quickly. Her face screwed up a tad
more. Her arms moved so that her hands could grasp the edge of the seat she was
on. I twisted the pins the opposite way again, inward, and added yet another 30
degrees. She shut her eyes and faced upward, making vague sighs between each
breath. One more turn the opposite way, outward, totaling a 270 degree turn. I
didn't think I could turn them any more without them coming off, so I let go
and she relaxed.

&quot;I
do like them.&quot;, I told her, as though finally coming to a well thought out
conclusion.

Her
eyes were red and watery and she was trembling slightly. She looked at me and
said, &quot;Good.&quot;

&quot;Come.&quot;
I told her, and I got up and walked to the door. She followed me, obviously
anxious yet totally willing to do what I say. I stood to the side of the door
and watched her. She didn't know why she got the idea, but she followed through
with it anyhow; She faced the door and crouched down, her knees pointing
forwards, her weight on the front of her feet. She spread her legs so that her
knees were pointing to each side, until it became difficult to maintain her
balance when her legs were at a 100-110 degree angle. She placed her hands
behind her, each hand grabbing the opposite arm's elbow. Her huge tits were
thrust out in front of her, unguarded. Her bare slit was fully exposed. The
only thing stopping the traffic from seeing her was bad angles and her car in
front of the door.

I
walked to the back room to get some things. I even made a trip to the fridge. I
got a cucumber, some more clothespins, duct tape, a couple large rubber bands,
a bottle of olive oil, and both pairs of hand-cuffs I incidentally got from the
cop earlier. I wasn't sure if I was going to use them all, but I was sure going
to find out. I placed them all on the metal table in the back. I moved over and
looked over the counter at the doorway. There was a middle aged man with a leaf
blower standing out front. He was obviously trying to convey a message to
Mega-Mams. The message contained what he would do with her if he could open the
door, and mention of the pins on her tits. He whipped out his dick and rubbed
it a bit for her. He seemingly thought it was really impressive. I had enough,
though, so Mega-Mams stood up and ran to the door to the back room. Her arms
were still behind her, though, so I had to open the door for her. One tear was
dripping down her right cheek and her face was a very bright red.

I
shut the door behind her and kept her out of view of the windows. I grabbed her
waist and pulled her to me. She gasped when the clothespins pressed against me
and were forced to the sides. I grabbed her ass with both hands and began kissing
her. Her ass was small and tone. I still found it hard to believe the huge tits
pressing into me were real. She was so skinny and fit, yet her bags were
enormous. I kissed her passionately, and did not stop for some time. I kneaded
her ass cheeks and pulled them apart as we made out. I spanked her once,
testing. She jumped a bit, but her face didn't register pain except from the
clothespins being forced into funny positions against us from the jump. I
spanked her other cheek, and her reaction wasn't noticeable. I spanked the
first cheek again, harder. Slighter jump than the first time. I spanked the
second cheek harder than that. the slap was resounding in the back room, and
she stopped kissing to jump. The jump caused her nipples some more pain, but she
leaned back in to keep kissing. I spanked the first cheek as hard as I thought
I could, though it didn't seem very hard when I had done it. She jumped again,
the pins hurt her nipples a bit, and she started kissing again. I began a slow
rhythm of spanking each cheek hard. After the first few, she got used to the
rhythm and could stay against me, kissing, even though she was getting spanked
and pressed her pinned tits against me in uncomfortable ways. After about five
to each cheek, she began sighing into the kisses for a few seconds after each
hit. After I counted to 24 smacks per cheek, I spun her around. Her cheeks were
red, and a bit yellowish green in small splotches.

I
took the duct tape and tore off sections about ten to twelve inches long,
sticking their tips on the edge of the table. I pulled her arms away from her
back and wrapped one of those pieces around her arms, patting it into place. I
did the same with the next piece, but� a
bit to the side of the first piece. Her shoulders could only be pulled back so
far, so it took a while to get all thirty pieces around her forearms. When I
was done, I turned her back around and took a step back from her, looking at
her.

&quot;Try
to move your arms.&quot; I told her. She wiggled her arms a bit. Her tits
wiggled in exaggerations of her arm's movements, so I watched that for a few
moments. The area around her nipples were becoming an abnormally bright
reddish, beyond her areolas a few inches. It must have been from the pins.

I
noticed a worried expression on her face, and she shouted at me, &quot;I can't
get my arms free! I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm really trying! I want to, but I
can't!&quot;

She
violently tried to wrest her arms free, and it sent her tits flopping every
which direction. She got in every angle she could without falling down, her
tits sometimes making loud slapping noises from running into each other. If I
didn't know any better I would have thought she was scared for her life. The
clothespins flew off. When she began crying, not merely tearing, I told her,
&quot;Don't worry about it. I want your arms like that.&quot;

She
breathed heavy sighs of relief and shook her head, &quot;Thank you! Oh thank
you!&quot;

She
came close to nuzzle me, but I grabbed her waist and slung her over my
shoulder. As I walked around the corner, where I could see past the counter, I
could tell the man had left. At least, he wasn't in sight just then. I carried
Mega-Mams to the freezer and opened the door. She looked anxious as I set her
down in it. It was a walk in freezer, so she easily stood in there, but it was
also obviously a freezer. I pointed to the ground, to the side of where she was
standing, and she placed her right foot there. Four feet to the side, I
pointed, and her other foot stepped there, her weight repositioning to be
equally distributed between the two feet. She took a couple heavy breaths. She
shook, though I was pretty sure it was from the anxiety more than the cold. I
set the cucumber on a shelf next to her.

�&quot;Are you going to leave me here? How
long?&quot;, she asked, frightened.

I
pointed to the dial that unlocks the door from the inside, &quot;If you start
to feel like you can't take the cold, turn this dial until it stops. Then,
press against the door and it will open. Get out, shut the door behind you, and
warm up. After six minutes pass, get back in, turn the dial back into position,
and get back how you're standing now. There's a clock you can see from the bar.
Stand behind the bar, in view of the window, watching the clock until it's time
to go back. When I get back, you will tell me how many times you opened the
freezer. You will be punished more severely for every time you get out. And you
do not want to get punished severely!&quot;

I
shut and locked the door before listening for her response. On a whim, I hit
the light switch, so that it'd be very nearly pitch black in their. Of course I
knew it'd be difficult for her to reach that dial to manipulate it, but I knew
it was easy enough that she could. Even if it took her a few tries. I left
through the front door. The man with the blower was all the way down at the
other end of the plaza. I walked across the road to the sex store in the other
plaza. It was still open. It's open late on the weekends. The blond girl
working there was hot and dressed in small but passable day-ware, but her tits
weren't nearly as huge as Mega-Mam's. I walked up to the counter and made small
talk with her for a few minutes. After a conversation about the weather the
past few days, she left me at the counter. I watched the stupid advertisements
on the TV, obviously a recording made for the store, for what seemed like ten
minutes. She eventually came back with a shoe box. She opened it up and
explained what everything it contained was used for, and sometimes she
commented on my viciousness.

We
got into a conversation about pornography. I told her how I always watched
really rough stuff on my computer, and I found some nice BDSM sites, but how
none of it was quite enough. She said that there weren't many people who came
in there like me, but there are the few who like the same things that I do.
That led us to talking about what kind of sex toys she could order for me and,
of course because I could make it happen, she offered to show me how to use
them some time. I asked if she worked the following night, and she told me she
didn't. Why not? I decided to tell her to go to the restaurant I work at, 20
minutes past eleven the very next night. She must not be wearing anything at
all, except a pair of sturdy nipple clamps and high-heeled boots that run up to
her thighs. She said she'd be there and it sounded like fun. I took the box and
headed back across the street.

The
man with the blower was standing in front of my store's window when I
approached. He turned to me, pointed inside with his thumb, and said,
&quot;Hey, fella, you the guy who works here?&quot;

&quot;Yeah.&quot;
I answered, leaning against the door.

&quot;There's
this big titted girl in there, walking out showin' 'erself to me. What she
doin' in there?&quot;

&quot;Oh,
that's my girlfriend. She's... kinky.&quot;

&quot;That's
nice and all, but there's somethin' wrong wit' 'er. She all pale and
everythin'.&quot;

&quot;Good
of you to notice, I'll take care of her.&quot;

&quot;A'ight,
I'll be here a few more minutes if you need anything.&quot;, the man said. I
wasn't sure exactly what he meant by that, so I made sure he walked away before
I went inside and I made double sure to lock the door behind me. It was almost
an hour since I left. I went into the back and opened the box, putting some
things on the shelfs above the table, some in my pockets. Then I put the box
away on a higher shelf.

I
walked back to the freezer and heard some thumping. I unlocked and opened the
door. Mega-Mams stood there shaking pretty badly. Her skin was a bit pale, and
the pink parts of her had become a duller, slightly purplish color. I knew I
should feel bad for making her do this, but I actually felt good, powerful. I
took her shoulder and slowly led her out of the freezer, shutting it behind
her. she felt really cold. I rubbed and warmed her a bit, then stood her up
away from me. &quot;Well?&quot;, I asked.

&quot;I...
I-I... got-t out t-t-t-twice. I-I-I was f-f-fine for a w-while, but ab-bout
f-f-f-forty minutes ag-go I g-g-g-got real-l-ly c-cold.&quot;, she answered.
She looked like she wanted to cry but had no tears. Her arms were still taped
behind her and she was forced to thrust her tits out a little. I walked around
her, to the front of the store. I pulled several thick, all-steal nipple clamps
out of my pocket and put them in a bowl, then ran just the hot water into it
and left it running. I turned the cold knob a little. The water heaters here
got water hot enough to burn. I know, because I've burnt myself on accident not
knowing the hot lever was down when I went to wash my hands.

I
went back to her and took her by her shoulder, still cold, and walked her to
the area where the metal table was. I turned her to face the wall, so her
shoulder was to me, and I spanked her. Her ass was even colder than her
shoulder. She jumped, but I hurt my hand, too. She turned her head towards me
and said, &quot;Ow! T-that h-h-hurt a l-lot!&quot;

I
spanked her other cheek hard and replied, &quot;Remember the punishment I
warned you about?&quot;

&quot;I-I-It
was-s r-reall-ly c-c-cold-d!&quot;, she said indignantly.

&quot;That
doesn't negate the punishment I told you about, which you're going to
receive&quot;, I said, as I slapped her left tit. It bounced and wobbled. She
clenched her teeth and breathed inward as she drew inward, towards her tit. I
slapped her other tit when her feet moved. Her reaction was the same, but she
put more effort into withdrawing. I was angry, &quot;You stay right were you
are, face me, and don't fucking move!&quot;

She
was obviously scared, but she complied. She turned her body to face me and she
stood still. Her eyes were all scrunched up, but begging me to stop slapping
her. I walked around the counter to the sink and turned off the faucet. I
quickly reached into the bowl and got out two of the clamps. The water was hot,
but did not burn me. I could stand to hold the clamps for only about five
seconds. I placed them on a cloth and picked up the cloth so that I was holding
the grips, which were also metal, and the actual clamping parts pointed out. I
walked back to her and, with a very serious look, commanded, &quot;Stay were
you are and accept your punishment for getting out so often.&quot;

I
got close to her and made sure the clamps were in line with her nipples. She
was still shivering a bunch and I could feel cold radiate from her a bit. She
stopped shifting about, though. Her tits wobbled from the shivering, so the
clamps were hard to line up both at the same time. Her huge tits were paler
than normal. They looked almost white. The girl was normally tan, and she had
no tan lines. I could feel heat radiate from the clamps. Her nipples were still
pretty purple looking, not too far in hue from the rest of her tits, though,
being so pale right then. I made sure her nipples were in line one last time,
and quickly latched the clamps onto her nipples.

At
first she turned her head to the side and shut her eyes, gasping. Then, a
nanosecond later, her head snapped forward and up and she let out a short yelp.
She immediately looked down to her clamped nipples and began shrieking and she
wiggled in vain effort to get free of the pain. A moment passed and she
realized she was trying to escape the pain, not accepting her punishment, and
she stopped. She began sobbing and she looked at me, &quot;It hurts, it hurts,
it hurts, please take them off, please, it hurts.&quot;

I
grabbed her crotch hard and pulled forward a bit, to get her attention. I
looked her in the eyes, &quot;I'll do whatever I want to you, and you'll love
me for it!&quot;

She
began nodding her head as she cried, &quot;Yes, I know. Thank you.&quot;

For
the next several minutes she moved around a bit in the pain, but calmed down. I
grabbed her up by her waist. I could feel the clamps were no longer
uncomfortably hot on my back, though the girl was still pretty cold. Some of
her color returned. I set her butt on the table and spread her legs as far as I
could get them. I put her feet up on the table and leaned her back against the
wall. I spread the oil all over her crotch, fingering it into her vagina
roughly. Her cunt was cold and it felt funny, but not bad.

Mega-Mams
got a partial smile and asked, &quot;Are we finally gonna have sex?&quot;

I
walked back to the freezer and grabbed out the cucumber. As I brought it back
to the table, she frowned a bit. I played with her crotch, making sure it was
well lubricated. I brought the cucumber to her pussy and rubbed it lightly
around her vulva for a second. Her brows came down and she shivered a bit more.
I shoved it half way in suddenly. She moaned in discomfort and rocked with my
thrusts, as I shoved it deeper, then pulled a bit back, then deeper again.

&quot;How
is that?&quot;, I asked her.

She
looked at me pitifully, a few tears rolling down her cheeks, and shook her
head, &quot;Ow...Very cold. It hurts&quot;

&quot;Maybe
you shouldn't have gotten out of the freezer so much. Oh well, I promise it
will get warmer. keep your legs apart, bitch.&quot;, I retorted. I shoved the
cucumber in and put some duct tape across her snatch horizontally, lip to lip
and down her legs. Then I Wrapped some duct tape around the top of each of her
thighs, over the tape over her snatch.

Wow,
I had no idea how sadistic I really was. I walked back over to the bowl and
turned on the hot water, as the water in the bowl was colder now. I considered
just how unethical what I was doing was. Given the ability, I could be truly
evil. I shoved the idea from my head counted to thirty. I stopped the water and
grabbed a clamp, quickly putting it on a rag. I walked back around the corner
to her, and she was shaking harder still. I didn't waste as much time, now. I
used one hand to pull her labia apart, and stuck the clamp right on her frigid
clit, vertically.

She
jumped forward and screamed. I grabbed her and shoved her back against the
wall, then put her legs back in place. She was shifting her crotch around and
it was obvious it took a lot of her focus to keep her legs open, as they were
never quite opened or closed all the way. She shuddered and sobbed for a good
deal of minutes. Eventually, she got control back and kept her legs open as she
slowly stopped crying.

&quot;What
next?&quot;, she asked me when she had the breath. I wasn't sure if she was
being cowardly or brave, but I grabbed her waist and stood her on the floor in
front of me. Her legs were open pretty wide, obviously she was avoiding
upsetting what I had going on at her crotch. I looked at her and grabbed the
nipple clamps. I pulled them away from her a bit, and she didn't come with
them. Very suddenly, I turned them inward 180 degrees and she gasped. I let go,
repositioned my hands, and turned them outward 210 degrees, and she gasped
again.

&quot;I
love your huge, floppy tits.&quot;, I told her, as I twisted the clamps inward,
240 degrees from their starting position. She simply gasped and looked at me a
bit more pitifully.

&quot;Have
you ever been fucked in the ass?&quot;, I asked her, turning the clamps
outward, to 270 degrees their starting position. Three quarters of a full turn.
She opened her mouth as though to answer, but only a gasp came from behind her
teeth. She shook her head.

&quot;Perfect,
I've been imagining doing exactly that to you for a few days!&quot;, I finished
turning the clamps inward one full turn as I said that. She let out a squeal
and shut her eyes for a moment at it.

&quot;This
radio isn't coming in anyhow.&quot;, I joked, turning the clamps outward one
full turn. Her squeal lasted to the count of ten, then she looked at me
pleadingly. The clamps were strong, I was twisting her nipples so that her tits
looked rifled. I let go and twisted them the same amount inwards. She squealed
for a bit, and then I let go and grabbed her waist. I turned her around, facing
away from me. I spread her feet out to the corners of the table. I attached
each ankle to the nearest table leg with the hand-cuffs. I then duct taped her
mouth a couple times, to be sure. I pulled the nipple clamps a couple times,
pulled the clamp on her clit a few times, and pressed against the cucumber in
her cunt. She screamed into the tape every time I pulled a clamp. She tried to
fall downward as I pulled the clit clamp, but I shoved her torso down, onto the
table. She squealed as the clamps pressed against the table and up into her
tits.

&quot;You
are completely helpless, whore.&quot;, I whispered into her ear as I got behind
her. I grabbed the bottle of oil and let my pants fall to the floor. I oiled up
my dick pretty well with my right hand, while pressing her torso down onto the
table with my other hand. she sobbed onto the table. I stepped immediately
behind her. I reached around her leg and grabbed the clamp on her clit. I moved
my crotch around until I felt the recess that was her asshole at the head of my
dick. I shoved lightly, until my head got in. She moaned a bit as I did that.
Her ass was very tight, and very cold. It was a very weird sensation, but it
felt very good. I slid most of my dick in, but not all of it fit. She screeched
as I got my dick that far and I still pushed. I pressed the clit clamp back
towards me as she yelped, and her entire pelvis moved back, her ass being
penetrated further with the motion.

The
arm holding her down pulled up on her arms, and she was standing, leaning
forward. I reached around her with both arms and grabbed onto her nipple
clamps. I shoved my dick in all the way, suddenly, and twisted her nipple
clamps as I did. I didn't really pay attention to how far or how hard, I was
enjoying the sensation on my dick too much. I began humping rhythmically,
twisting the nipple clamps and pulling them away from one another, or towards
one another, or both up, or both down. She howled each time I did that. Soon I
was humping away, pulling and twisting her nipple clamps and listening to her
crying and sqeals. Her ass was so very tight, and the coldness just felt great
for some weird reason.

I
didn't last very long. I was twisting her nipples and pulling them up when I
realized I was going to cum. As I came, I shoved my dick against her with all
my power, and I pulled the clamps all the way down to the table, so she was
bent over and taking my dick as far into her ass as she could. Indeed, the base
of my dick was being hugged tightly by her sphincter. She wailed the whole
time, and I spasmed into her bowels, filling it with jism. I fell to the floor
behind her and could not stand for a few minutes, watching her tremble and
sob...

When
I could get up, I un-cuffed her ankles and cut the tape on her crotch with the
box-knife carefully, to avid cutting her flesh. The cucumber squished out. It
was mushy and made a mess. She turned to me, waiting for me to do something. I
cut the tape along where her forearms met, and she pulled them apart and began
reaching for her clit clamp.

I
stopped stopped her arms and told her, &quot;Even though you love when I use
you like this, every other time you want me to, it will cost you five hundred
dollars. The clamps and gag stay on until noon. Go home.&quot;

I noticed she had one
of those large metal clips on her keychain that opens to take some of the rings
off or to put more on. I picked up her keys before she got them and removed the
keys that were obviously for a car. I put the clip on the clamp on her clit.
The keyring weighed easily half a pound. &quot;Those stay there. When you turn
off your car, put your car keys on it, too. No touching your tits, pussy, or
anything I put on them at all, until noon. Except to put your car keys on, of
course.&quot;, I told her. She walked with a very wide gate, and very slowly,
to the door. She cried the whole way, her shivering was much less, but still
noticeable. She rubbed her rear on the way, at least that was one part of her I
allowed her to comfort. I opened the front door for her and watched her get
into her car. She had trouble getting in, but she eventually found a way to get
her keys all the way in without pulling too painfull on them as she sat down.
She drove away slowly. It took me twenty minutes to clean up and gather all my
stuff. I went home and slept more peacefully than I could remember ever having
slept.

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-29T23:47:00Z
  2007-07-29T23:47:00Z
  13
  6636
  37829
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  315
  88
  44377
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Falling Star 2

&nbsp;

It was twenty minutes
past close and I was in the back of the store, running the hot water to make
sure it was as hot as it could be before actually running a sink full. I heard
rattling from the front of the store, as though someone were trying to open the
locked door. I had upwards of two loads of dishes left to do, though I didn't
plan on doing them myself tonight. I squirted some soap into the first sink and
the sanitizing solution in the second, then I moved the faucet over the third
to let it fill, turning the water on maximum power. The rattling was still
going on throughout, so I walked to the front of the store.

Behind the glass door
there was a blond girl. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. She was just
barely above five feet tall, if that. She was wearing little enough for it to
be considered nothing. Indeed, it was a pair of what looked like black, leather
boots, the tops of which reached the top half of her thighs, and a pair of
nipple clamps attached to each other by a small chain. I took the sight in as a
car passed on the road behind her. It didn't honk or anything, but she turned
and shied away from it while trying to cover herself. She stayed at the door,
though. Her tits were a very perky B cup or just a bit less. She was in
excellent condition, obviously exercising regularly. She had almost no hips or
ass, and was generally very petite. It was also obvious her pussy was shaved,
since her bright, pink lips could be seen as she grasped the door handle once
again. It's not easy to make out words through the door, but she was at least
voicing something to the effect of, 'Let me in, please, I'm in public and
people will see!'.

She did not rattle
the door handle as I approached, but stepped from side to side nervously,
anxiously watching the road and the doors along the building. She watched me
when I was within a few steps of the door and leaned against it. I got to the
door and flipped the lock all the way into it's locked position, making a click
as it hit the end of the groove it went into. She rattled the door, then
realized it was still locked and shouted so that I could hear it, &quot;Please
let me come in, some people are down at the Chinese place and walking this
way!&quot;

I unlocked the door
and she tried to slink in, but I stopped her by putting myself in her way and
holding the door ajar. Why not embarrass her? I had the feeling I was going to
be especially mean to this girl. Mega-Mams, last night, I cared about a bit.
She was a regular I got to know a bit about, plus I absolutely loved her tits.
However, when it came down to it, I had to put effort into not harming her in
any permanent way. This girl, I didn't think I'd worry about that with. Her
tits weren't so wonderful. Beautiful, but not nearly so massive. I quietly
commanded her, &quot;You must act like a dog. I will let you in only after I am
satisfied you were a good enough doggy.&quot;

I shut the door and
relocked it as she looked at me pleadingly. I simply stood behind the door with
my arms crossed, and she got down onto her knees and hands, facing me. She
looked up at me and waged her butt slightly. She barked, but it was just barely
more than a whisper, no louder than the command I gave her to act like a dog.
It sounded like a person saying &quot;bark!&quot;. She stopped waging her tail
and waited for my response. I put my hand up to my mouth and feigned a yawn.
She frowned. Quickly, unconvincingly, she walked in a circle on all fours,
barking five times. Her barks were better this time. Still obviously from a
person who was acting like a dog and not a real dog, but much better. When she
stopped, she glanced to her right and mouthed, 'Please, please, please!'

&quot;Dogs don't
speak in English.&quot;, I commented through the door, furrowing a brow as
though confused. As soon as I was done talking, I heard a whistle and a catcall
from the left, her right, the direction the Chinese place was from here (that
direction being the only other direction to go along the building from my store
anyway, it being on the leftmost side, when facing the building).

She began walking in
a circle again, this time more quickly but wagging her tail convincingly. Her
tongue was out as she panted, which turned into &quot;WOOF!&quot; three times
as she faced the door, sat like a dog waiting to be let in, and panting again.
Several men I couldn't see by leaning against the glass were shouting obscene
words at her from the direction she kept glancing throughout the routine and as
she waited.

&quot;Good
doggy!&quot;, I said, &quot;Roll over!&quot;

She wrinkled her
forehead and sighed in impatient exasperation, but complied. She rolled to her
left and stopped on her back, lifting her arms and legs like a dog would it's
paws. She continued panting and let out a loud, almost panicked, bark after she
had finished the maneuver. She still panted, but the look of worry in her eyes
increased as the voices got closer. I opened the door and whispered, &quot;Keep
it up, or else you get put back out here, where you must stay for the
night&quot;.

I then increased my
voice so that everyone around could hear me, &quot;Good girl! Come in and have
some water! Who's a good wittle girl? You're a good wittle puppy!&quot;

She quickly turned
and got onto her hands and knees, and walked like a dog around the door as I
held it open and into the store. I grabbed her and prodded her to turn around
as the men approached. I gave her a warning look as I noticed she was now much
more a girl on her hands and knees than a puppy. It took her a moment, but she
realized what I wanted and began panting again. She was obviously unhappy, but
she was putting effort into the act!

I looked back to the
door and, from the side, three Asian men approached. They were obviously the
Chinese place's kitchen staff. One of the men got in the way of the door
shutting as I faced him. His two friends were taunting the girl by making faces
one would make at a dog, and saying more blunt, crude things. He said, in a
very slight accent, &quot;How can we get doggy to show us tricks?&quot;

&quot;I'm sorry,
&quot;, I answered as I pet the girl's head, &quot;It's dinner time, and my
puppy needs her rest after a long day!&quot;

The man looked to his
friends then back to me, &quot;We help doggy get to sleep, yeah?!&quot;

I looked to the girl,
rubbed my chin, and looked contemplative. She certainly wasn't sure what I
intended or what I was considering, let alone how seriously I was considering
it, so she was obviously worried. Her brow furrowed in fear and she panted
harder. She rubbed her head on me. Almost as an after-thought, she began
wagging her tail vigorously. I was pretty sure her face could not have gotten
any redder. Still with a look of deep thought, I began scratching her head. Her
eyes were pleading, but the rest of her was fully into the game. I leaned back
a bit and smacked her ass. She stopped panting for a split second, and her tail
stopped waging. Her panting picked back up, and her tail was not only waging,
but her back was arched and her ass was pointed upwards, obviously offering a
better target. I wasn't sure if she was into this, or was simply trying to
convince me not to make her stay outside. I also didn't care. I smacked her other
ass cheek, then the first, and the second again. She moved her ass back down by
reflex, hesitating a moment, then thrusting it back up. I looked to her face,
and her eyes were pinkish and rimmed with water. She was pleading with so much
effort that I looked back to the man with my decision, &quot;No, I'm sorry, she
has to have her restful night's sleep. Go back to your restaurant and don't
mention this to anyone outside of your group of three.&quot;

The men,
disappointed, walked slowly back towards their own restaurant. The girl began
following me as I started walking towards the back-room door, but I commanded
her to stay. She begged like any other dog, by barking, but I ignored her. I
walked into the back room and got some paper and a pencil, then wrote down a small
list and some instructions. When I walked back out, she was turned lengthwise
to the door and the windows around it, covering the entire front of the
building. She looked at me when she heard the door shut. She was still on all
fours, but no longer actually acting like a dog. Her tongue was in her closed
mouth, her butt was still, and her features slumped. She was still very red and
worried looking. I gave her another warning glance, and her first reaction
looked like shock. She wiped the look from her face as soon as she had made it,
and began panting again. She resumed her dog-like posture and wagged her tail.

I stopped next to her
and looked at her ass. She may not have especially feminine curves in her
thighs and hips, but her ass was small and tight and to die for. There were red
marks on each cheek. The cheeks were perky and soft, and so small that they
didn't actually cover anything. I had a brilliant view of her brown eye, and
even her pussy if I leaned a bit. I took a step back to where I was and commanded,
&quot;Get up, you made a terrible doggy.&quot;

She seemed worried
and sad as she got up to face me. When she was done standing, her face was
turned downwards as she looked at me. I noticed the nipple clamps had screws in
the ends to tighten them, so I grabbed one of them and pulled a bit, reaching
with my other hand to screw it tighter. Her hands reflexively grabbed mine and
she said, &quot;Please, no. I don't really like nipple clamps this big, don't
make them...&quot;

I cut her off,
&quot;Never stop me from doing something to you or something you're wearing
EVER again!&quot;

She let go of my
hands and said, &quot;Okay, but please don't tighten them much, they already
hurt a lot.&quot;

I began tightening
the clamp on her right nipple quite fast, &quot;I'll do whatever I want to you.
I don't care about you, but you're going to love the times when I use and abuse
you for my own pleasure, and you will keep returning. But after this first time
I will charge you five hundred dollars to abuse and fuck you like a toy to be
discarded. When does that store you work at close?&quot;

She panted and shut
her eyes tight as I tightened the clamp all the way, as she held the mass of
her tit as though that might stop the pain.. She hadn't begun noticeably
recovering from that when I started tightening her other clamp. She held this
tit up a bit too, so she was standing there holding a tit in each hand. She
panted and let out a gasp as that one tightened all the way. She breathed
heavily for a few moments before her eyes began opening and she tried to focus
on me through her bleary, water-filled eyes. A tear dripped and she sighed when
I she finally began answering my question, &quot;It should have closed over an
hour ago.&quot;

&quot;Okay,&quot;, I
told her, &quot;For starters, you're not allowed to touch or hold any part of
your body unless I tell you to. Your arms must always remain either at your
sides or behind you. Now, take this note and follow it's instructions to the
letter.&quot;

She took the note I
handed her and she read it. She turned around and walked out of the store,
getting into her car, and pulling away. I finished filling the sink and pilled
up the dishes into several stacks. It looked like about two and a half loads. I
made myself a small sandwich and ate it with a glass of milk. I spot-mopped and
dropped all the cash. Basically, I did all the very small things I didn't quite
have done when my doggy showed up. I got done with all that in about ten
minutes. I let some of the water out of the sink and filled it in with more hot
water, so that it wouldn't be too cold.

When I sat down at a
table next to the window, I saw my doggy on her way back. She had just started
walking across the road on all fours, from the parking lot across the street.
This parking lot was on a slight hill, so it had a good view of the other. She
had about seventy yards to doggy-walk to get back, including the road, the
ditch beside it, and the parking lot my store was in. She was still wearing the
same stuff, but she had a bag in her mouth. It was a plastic bag from the sex
store she worked at, and it was plenty full. She had hurriedly got out of the
ditch she was in on the other side of the road and started across. It didn't
take her long to make the other ditch, which she actually fell into. As she
fell, I saw something wave around near her butt, like a brown and red flag
which was about the size of her ass, maybe larger.

As her head popped up
over the near side of the ditch, some headlights could be seen from the left.
Whoever's headlights they were, they turned into my store's parking lot down at
the other end, but that was all I could tell. After she stayed for a moment,
watching the other end of the parking lot, I stood up and walked to the door. I
waved my arms to get her attention. When she looked at me, I opened the door
with one arm, patted my leg with the other, and shouted, &quot;Come here, girl!
Bring Daddy his gift!&quot;

She looked back to
the other end of the parking lot, then continued. She was hurrying herself even
more than she was crossing the road. By the time she got onto the pavement and
under the lights, I could make out her entire outfit easily. Probably anyone
else could who could see her, too. She did have on the same boots, and also the
nipple clamps. The bag in her mouth had plenty of items of various sizes in it,
and it probably weighed ten pounds. Near her rear, there was a tail made of red
and brown leather straps. The straps stuck out several inches from the thing
holding them in place and then arched down, drawing attention to the unusual
tail on a human. The tail was formed on the bottom of a butt-plug. She also had
on a thick, sturdy collar. There was a holler from way down the plaza, right
when she reached the side-walk. She glanced over, then looked to me at the door
as she came to a stop. She set the bag down and woofed at the door three times.
She began panting and wagged her tail. The tail was much more convincing, now,
actually being a tail and flailing from side to side.

&quot;Roll
over.&quot; I said to her through the door. She immediately, did. She glanced
to the right as she did, looked panicked for a moment, and fell onto her side.
She finished the movement, though, and got onto her back. Her legs and arms
were up like a dog's, and she was panting still. I had a clear view of her like
that. I could see the base of the butt-plug and the straps jutting from it. I
could see that her pussy was still pink, but much less so than when she first
came here. She glanced to the left, now for both of us,� and her eyes widened. She barked a few times.
The clamps really were pinching her nipples tightly. I could see the red/pink
spot from the pressure/lack-of-circulation extending from her pinched flesh.
Someone shouted something from down the plaza. A man. I couldn't make out what it
was.

&quot;Oh, is my
doggy-woggy in heat? Maybe she should howl and look impressive for any
potential mates in the area!&quot; I suggested to her. She scrunched up her
face and looked like she was about to cry, but she rolled back over and got
onto all fours. I hadn't intended for the man who shouted at her to be imagined
as a potential mate, but she turned around and pointed her rear at him. She
whipped her butt up and in, and the straps from the tail flung up onto her
back. They were about two feet long, so they stayed of their own weight. She
arched her back and lifted her ass as high as she could, spreading her legs
more than enough for a clear view. She leaned her tits parallel and only inches
above the ground and looked behind her, to the man. She began howling and
barking, waving her ass back and forth. There was a loud shout from the man,
who sounded closer than I thought he would be. He said something about the
'good time he'd show the slut'.

I opened the door and
said, &quot;Bad girl!&quot;, slapping her face from around her. She whimpered
as she lowered her head to me, though I couldn't say it was her acting
abilities that made it a realistic one, and she lowered her butt, the tail
dropping back down, &quot;Get inside and stop chasing after these mutts!&quot;

She began crawling
inside, like a dog, and I smacked her ass hard as she went by me. She turned to
watch me tell the fattest of the Chinese kitchen staff to bugger off, and to
stop running down here every time they see my doggy. When he left, I grabbed
the bag she brought, and I locked the door. I turned to her, still whimpering
with a lowered head. I kicked her moderately hard in the side. She fell over
with the force of the blow and looked completely shocked. She clutched the side
I kicked and was about to yell at me, but then paused as I looked at her
nonchalantly. She put her legs out front like a dog's would be and lowered her
head, whimpering more. I kicked her in the gut, though not as hard as the kick
that sent her over. She curled up and stopped breathing, though it was obvious
she was trying to. When she started breathing, she looked at me pleadingly,
lowered her head in the doggy side position she was in, and whimpered. I
ordered, &quot;Follow me, girl!&quot;

I walked to the door
to the back. She was up and following me, quietly, after only two steps. I
walked back to the sink and looked at her. She lowered her head and whimpered.
I smacked her ass several times, shouting, &quot;Stop that and do these
dishes!&quot;

She stood up, her
arms tight to her sides, and looked at the sink. There was steam rising from
each sink, but not very much. The girl looked to me and said, &quot;Is there a
particular method?&quot;

I walked behind her
and waited a second. I reached from behind her and grabbed the nipple clamps.
She let out a slight whimper. I began pulling on the clamps.

&quot;First, go to
this sink,&quot;, I lead her to the leftmost sink by the clamps on her nipples,
and she whined a bit. I pressed my pelvis against her ass to both hold her
there against the insulated sink, and to let her know I was getting hard. I
could feel the butt-plug pressing against me, so I pressed against that spot.

&quot;Take one of the
dishes, put it in the water, and scru...&quot;, I began telling her what to do,
and she did it as I told her, but she dropped a dish into the water and pulled
her arms back when the heat of the water got to her. She looked back to me.

&quot;Do it! Scrub
the dish clean and then you may remove your hands from the water.&quot;, I told
her, yanking the clamps quickly. She whined with the yank, but retrieved the
plate and sponge. With hands submerged and a vague whining building up in her
throat, she scrubbed the plate clean. She removed her hands once it was clean.

&quot;Now,&quot;, I
told her, pulling her to the right by the nipple clamps and still pressing her
by her butt/butt-plug against the sink, &quot;dunk it into this water, and move
it around to get the suds off.&quot;

She did as I said,
though she whined as she did it, and then I pulled her to the third sink in the
same manner, &quot;Now put the plate in there, move it around like in the
second sink, and then set it on the drying rack.&quot;

Again, she did as I
said with a whine. I stepped back and let go of the clamps, then turned her
around by the waist. Her brow was furrowed in anxiety, her eyes were red
brimmed, and she was frowning. I embraced her and started kissing her. Her arms
stayed to the side, and I could see them in a glance. They were reddish. I
kissed her deeply for a matter of minutes. She squirmed uncomfortably the whole
time, but when I moved back a step and looked, she stopped. Must have been the
clamps pressed against my chest. She still had the same look, but the pinkish
was back to her pussy.

&quot;Do these dishes
as well as you possibly can. If I find dirt on any of them, anywhere, I will
make sure you suffer. I might even take a small piece of you off. Something
nobody will notice, but you would always know you could still have it if only
you payed more attention to your duties. When you're done with the duties, you
are my doggy again. Find me in the front room, from where I'll take you for a
walk. Not before checking the dishes, of course.&quot;

&quot;Yes. I'll get
them very clean.&quot;, the girl said shyly.

I walked up to the
front room and sat down at a booth. I brought a book with me to read for
specifically this occasion. I flipped to the marked page and started in. I
checked the clock every few minutes. That amount of dishes, without
distractions, would take me at most half an hour. By twenty five minutes, I
decided to shout a fair warning into the back, &quot;Those dishes would take me
half an hour, tops! If I don't see you out here in five minutes, you're going
to have to sleep outside tonight, chained to a post in front of your own adult
novelty store!&quot;

I looked through the
bag she brought. Everything I asked for was in it, including the stuff I didn't
think they sold and only asked for 'just in case'. I got out the things I
intended to use on the walk. In the bag was a leash. It was about six feet
long, not counting the looped handle. I took it out and put it on the table I
was at. The next thing I got out were long sock looking things. They were the
same color as the boots she was wearing, but sized for her arms. They had
pseudo-spherical ends, where hands can go, but only in a tight fist. They
zipped up on the underside, to be out of view. Zipped up, the person wearing
them either could not get them off, or would have a hell of a time at it. I put
those on the table as well. Her car keys were in the bag. That makes sense, she
had to have them with her somewhere. There were plenty of things in the bag I
asked for in addition to those notable items. I wondered if she actually paid
for them, since I didn't tell her to.

By the time I was
done looking through the bag, I could hear my doggy bark. I turned around in
time to see her trying to get onto the counter from behind it. It was
difficult, since so many things were in her way. Her best bet was between the
cookie display and cash register. I looked to the clock. She had about thirty
seconds. I heard something rolling. She must have gotten the step stool.
Clever. Next thing I knew, she was crawling up onto the counter, where I
predicted. Her hands and wrists were red and tender looking, but I could not
see any damage beyond that. She was frowning and her eyes were wet and red,
though. Ten seconds. She looked down and hesitated, but leaped onto the floor
rather ungraciously. Her landing was followed by a 'clunk', and she fell over
and clutched her left knee. She held it to her and started crying.

&quot;You'd better
not have broken anything, I still had plans for you.&quot;, I stated flatly. I
got up and walked over to her. I'm no nurse, but I couldn't see any damage
besides a bump and a forming bruise. I checked a little longer, and that was
still all I could find that was wrong with her knee, so I pulled her boot back
into place. I grabbed the chain connecting the nipple clamps and pulled it up
so that she'd have to come with them. She let go of her knee and put her hands
on the ground to push her torso up to do exactly that. She let out a grunt and
scrunched up her face. I followed through in a forward arch, and she landed on
her knees and hands. She grimaced and clenched her teeth for a moment before
relaxing somewhat. I held the chain there for a moment so she'd get the idea to
stay on her hands and knees, then slapped her when I let go. She still had
tears falling from her eyes, but looked to me waiting for what I was going to
say.

I walked over to
where I was sitting, but on the other side, so that I could face her. The table
was about ten feet from her. I pat my leg as I would to get a dog to come. She
began crawling over to me, but she favored her one knee and cringed when she
put weight on either hand. She seemed to have lost all of her energy in her
role as the doggy, so I asked her, &quot;I'm not convinced you're a good
puppy-dog, what's wrong?&quot;

She was almost to me
and took the last step, then looked up to me, &quot;My hands burn, and my
nipples hu...&quot; I interrupted her with a hard and loud slap to her face.

&quot;Doggies can't
speak English, as I remember. If you do that again, I promise you'll regret it.
Now, do a better job acting like my doggy!&quot;, I commanded, giving her a
hard stare. She shut her mouth and looked at me for a moment, obviously trying
to get herself up to the role. She started panting, then swung her butt a small
amount, swinging the tail in small circles behind her.

&quot;Paw.&quot;, I
ordered, holding out my hand. She placed her right hand in mine, and I grabbed
a ball-glove thing with my other hand. I started pulling it onto her hand, then
slid it up her arm. It was very long on her, going up to the top of her biceps.
She moaned and pouted when I forced her hand into a fist inside the ball end. I
gave her a thoughtful look and she turned her moan into a dog-like whimper. I
zipped it up, then repeated the order and placed the other one on her other
arm. When I was done I watched her in her doggy position. Her ass stopped
moving the tail and she cringed, switching weight from hand to hand and she
frowned and whimpered. I grabbed the leash and attached it to the ring on her
collar. I walked to the back of the store and quickly looked at the dishes.
They seemed fine enough and I was impatient for the walk, but I checked more
thoroughly because I said I would. I found a piece of cheese on one of the last
dishes washed, when she must have been hurrying. I put on my jacket as I walked
out from the back of the store. I walked to the table my doggy was at and put
the loop on the end of the leash around my wrist and held on below it. I
grabbed the bag with my other hand.

&quot;Ready to go for
a walk, girl?&quot;, I asked, patting her head then walking towards the door.
She gave me a worried look and whimpered, but followed me on all fours lest the
leash choke her. I opened the door and motioned for her to go ahead, so I could
shut and lock it. She looked down the way fearful of the Chinese cooks, but
went outside and waited at the length of the chain. I got out and looked down
the same way as she, as the door shut. There was nobody. I locked the door and
walked around the corner of the building at my store, doggy in tow. She still
favored one knee, but she didn't waste much time on it. She was too busy trying
to keep up with me. She whimpered all the way to the back of the store.

I stopped before
getting past the store and turned to her. I raised one hand towards the sky
half-way and asked, &quot;Did you feel it? Rain. I felt a drop. Oh, and there's
another!&quot; I turned back the way I was walking when thunder sounded to the
West. I examined the sky, and there was certainly a storm rolling in. I looked
back to my doggy. She shivered a bit and whimpered as I looked. Her arms and
legs were shiny in their black. Her tits were hanging, the clamps and chain
connecting them below. Her ass was thrust up just barely, and I could see the
top of the plug in her hole and the strands arching from it. I walked to her
and stood next to her. I slapped her ass hard on one cheek, and she jumped a
bit, whimpering with it. She looked back as I slapped the other cheek,
resulting in the same reaction. The slaps were echoing off the building, and
I'm sure if anyone was around they could hear it. There were already bright red
marks on her ass, so I slapped a few more times. Each time she yelped and
jumped. By the eighth one, she looked at me pleadingly and whined like a puppy.

&quot;Maybe I'd stop
if you got in a better mood and would wag your damn tail.&quot;, I commented.
Her frown remained and her eyes were still red rimmed and glossy, but she
started to wag her tail and pant. Thunder sounded again, and the rain picked
up. I could see spots developing on my shirt, and there were shiny spots on
her. The wind was blowing in short gusts, bringing colder air. I continued my
way to behind the store, where there was a walking trail. She followed me,
wagging her tail and panting. She wasn't very good at it. Her wagging wasn't
very even and her panting quited a bit as she concentrated on walking, but
she'd get better. As we got to the alley behind the store, between the woods
and the building the store was in, we could see some men down at the other end
throwing things into a dumpster. If they saw us they didn't show it in any way,
but my doggy picked up her pace until she was in front of me.

The trail led to my
apartment complex down the road and on the other side of the block, through a
park that had light posts. Most of the trail, though, was very small and not
illuminated at all by artificial means. As we entered the trail, we could hear the
rain hitting the natural canopy of the tree leaves as the it continued to pick
up and the wind tossed the branches about. Rain made it's way through the trees
and onto us without problems, though. As I walked and got rained on, I watched
the doggy in front of me. Her ass was pointed right at me, and she swung it
with her fast crawl to make the tail swish from side to side. It was a very
small ass, but it was firm and shapely. I could see her bare pussy beneath the
base of the tail as it swung. I could also see some light reflecting off the
chain on her nipples once in a while. Lightning cracked across the sky and I
could see her in better detail for a moment. She was glossy from the rain. I
was getting pretty wet, too, but it didn't have the same effect as it did on
her. Her curves were sharpened by the glossy appearance, and I could see goose
bumps raised on her. Her pussy wasn't pink anymore, but I didn't really care if
she was turned on at all.

The wind and rain
picked up a few minutes into the walk. A thick downpour and frequent lightning
and thunder lasted for about fifteen minutes. I had pulled up my hood and
zipped up my jacket, so only my legs were very wet, and they were soaked. My
doggy, too, was very soaked. She shivered noticeably as she wagged her tail and
panted, leading the way down the trail. The rain let up and the lightning
decreased, but it was still a good heavy rain when we made it to the park. The
lights were on, as I expected. The park itself was surrounded by a fence and
trees, the parking lot being on the far side from where we got there, and on
the other side of the fence. It was a public place, so might have security
cameras, but I don't know where they'd be if so. There were several picnic
tables around a play-center in the middle of the park.

When we made it to
the end of the trail as it entered the park, on one of the corners near a
grill, I stopped. My doggy stopped as the chain got taut. She turned 90 degrees
and looked back to me. Here eyes, though I could barely see them, were red. Her
panting was slow, and she was no longer shaking her tail. I put my hand out to
let her know to stay, instead of to lead as the leash gave room to. She watched
me as I approached, panting a little harder and swinging her tail once. Her
shivering was obvious as I got within reach. I didn't pause or hesitate. It was
obvious she wasn't ready for it. She didn't even react until she was on the
ground. I kicked her in the gut, and hard. She flew to the side and toppled
over. Her arms clenched her belly and she looked up to me fearfully. She was
not breathing. She couldn't just then. She tried, though. Her legs folded up
instinctively, to protect her. I was already over her, though. I grabbed her
hair and pulled her head back, then slapped her hard. She took a breath in,
right before I slapped her again. Her hands came up to protect her face.

I pulled her hair
straight up, lifting her onto her knees. I leaned down and looked her in the
eye, &quot;I told you to keep your arms to the side or behind you! You'll be punished
for disobeying! Now, put your hands behind you! Oh, and keep your knees apart,
doggy!&quot;

She fought off her
tears, though she may have just been snuffly from being cold and in the rain.
She placed her hands behind her and waited for what was to come. Her legs
spread apart slowly, her body lowering a bit as they did. I slapped her a few
times relatively lightly, to see how she'd react. She grimaced and moaned a bit
with each, but her hands stayed behind her and her legs remained parted. I
still held her hair. I took a half step back and held her as she was, at arms
length. I pulled my right arm out to the side. She cringed away from it, but
couldn't seem to get her eyes all the way shut, staring� at my hand as her eyelids fluttered. Then I
slapped her. Very hard. It was about as hard as I figured I could slap. Her
face shot to the side and her body fell back a bit. She looked back to me from
the corner of her eyes, not daring to turn her face back to me. It was too late
that she saw my hand coming back from the way her head had turned. She tried to
jump back as her head flew the other way, but I had her hair securely. I
slapped again, then again, and I could see the bright red spots on the sides of
her face. She jumped back, futily, each time.

That's when I noticed
her hands were jerking forward a bit with each slap. I delivered one more hard
slap and her hands jumped up to just below her tits. I slapped her one more
time, again about as hard as I figured I could slap, and her hands immediately
shot up to her face. She was sobbing and trying to get her hair from my hand.
Her legs were almost closed, and she was trying to fall away from me. &quot;God
dammit!&quot;, I shouted at her, and pulled her to her feet by the hair. I
pulled her behind me, the leash dragging in the grass. She still sobbed, so it
was hard for her to see, I imagine. She was stumbling over slight bumps in the
ground, but I held her up.

I got her to the
playground in the middle of the park and threw her, by the hair, at a chin up
bar that was coming off the side of the monkey bars. She caught the bar on the
side before running into it, but fell around it and to the ground, breathing
heavily and holding her face with her right hand. Well, not really holding her
face so much as pressing her balled hand into it. Anyway, I went and got the
bag, then came back. She was still in a pile on the ground, but she was slowly
getting to her knees, still holding the right side of her face. I grabbed some
rope out of the bag, and then grabbed her pony tail. I looped her pony tail
around the knot in the rope, then looped the rope around her hair as it folded
back towards her head, then tied it through and tugged. It was secure. I lifted
her a bit by the rope, to get her on her knees, then tied the rope to the
chin-up bar to keep her that way. She wasn't crying, but she had those deep
sobs that come after crying. Her left hand was already behind her back, but her
right was slower. It hovered around her face, then she slid it behind herself.
I got a pair of hand-cuffs and placed them on her wrists. I wanted her hands to
stay behind her, dammit. Then I got two more pieces of rope and tied them each
to one of her knees. I pulled one leg to the side to secure it to the side bar,
and then the other. She was now in the position I told her to be in, without
the option to leave it, as had caused her to get into so much trouble.

I leaned down and
looked at her. She was avoiding looking me in the eyes, but she couldn't avoid
it with me in her face, &quot;You didn't keep your hands behind you, puppy. I'm
going to have to discipline you, you know. Keep this in mind in the future....
Oh, and do the dishes better next time.&quot;

Without waiting for
her to respond in some way, I stood up straight and kicked her in the gut
again. She almost doubled over, but her hair stopped her. She pulled her belly
in for a few moments, trying to breath. Before her breath came back, I slapped
her hard, then brought my hand back from the other way with a strong backhand.
Her eyes were clenched shut, but she managed a breath and then half screamed. I
got a lighter and some scissors from the bag, and knelt down in front of her.
She was crying freely, her mouth opened wide as she tried to watch what I was
doing. I grabbed and pulled down on her left inner labia. I positioned the
scissors on it that they'd cut down into it about a quarter of an inch. I
looked to her and she was wide-eyed, shaking her head slowly. I cut down into
her soft girly flesh. She let out another half-scream, and I quickly lit the
lighter and held the flame to the flap I made in her labia. She squirmed the
whole time, but she simply couldn't squirm far enough. I put the lighter down
and picked up the scissors, holding them near where I cut a moment ago. If I
cut again a small, quarter inch piece would be cut off. She was still pseudo
screaming, so I cut quickly and cauterized the wound again. In my hand, I had a
small, triangular piece of her labia.

She had stopped her
half-screams, and was relaxed, breathing regularly. I stood up and could see
she had fallen unconscious. She was hanging by her hair. I grabbed the chain on
her nipple clamps and pulled her forward. Her eyes opened, and she moved around
as though in pain. I held the piece of flesh up to her, and her eyes got wide.
I put the piece of flesh in the bag. I then looked to her again. She avoided my
eyes, but I yanked the chain and she got the message. I waited for her to calm
down before talking, &quot;Have you ever been fucked in the ass?&quot;

She nodded slowly,
and I asked, &quot;By how many guys?&quot;

She tried to talk,
but her voice didn't come to her immediately. She squeaked out,
&quot;Three.&quot;

&quot;Did you like
it?&quot;

&quot;A
little.&quot;, she squeaked.

&quot;Really?&quot;

&quot;Well... that...
it was after... my pussy.&quot; She replied with a tad less squeak.

I snarled at her. I
unzipped my fly, and yanked out my annoyingly hard dick. I hadn't planned on
getting this horny, yet, but I also didn't expect I was so sadistic. I grabbed
the back of her head and stepped forward. She opened her mouth and took my dick
in. I had never skull-fucked a girl before. It wasn't as good as I expected it
to be. I couldn't get my dick all the way in, and her teeth scraped a bit.
After a few thrusts I pressed my dick into her throat and kept it there. She
was gagging, but couldn't pull her head away. She yanked her head back and
threw up all over my dick and the front of her body. The rain picked up a small
amount, though, and the spew was sliding down her, to the ground. I
skull-fucked her another few thrusts and then shoved my dick back into her
throat again. She took it better that time, but started gagging after a bit,
again. She yanked her head back, not far enough, and threw up. I pulled out so
that she didn't suffocate on it, and it drooled out of her mouth. I
skull-fucked her a little longer, and untied the rope in her hair with one
hand. Her hair fell to the side as it came free.

I walked behind her,
as she caught her breath. Her ass was beautiful. There's something I like about
small asses, and hers was small. However, it was still shapely and firm. Simply
small, not unhealthily skinny. The butt-plug was being hugged firmly in place
by her sphincter, still. I grabbed the chain of the hand-cuffs and pulled up,
forcing her to lean forward. I kept pulling up until I could get the rope
around the chain, and tie it. She was now leaning forward, her arms both
twisted behind her and up. Her ass was sticking out and up amazingly. I also
had a perfect view of her pussy. I decided I wasn't rough enough with her
punishment for not staying in position, so I got my footing and delivered a
hard kick to her cunt. She screamed and choked, trying to get into the fetal
position, or something like it, but she simply couldn't. I watched her wiggle
with the pain for a few seconds, then grabbed the butt-plug and yanked it out.
The drool was getting rained off my dick, so I had to fuck her ass now if I was
going to. I got on my knees behind her, and reached around to shove the
butt-plug into her mouth. I willed for her to keep it there.

I grabbed my dick and
placed the head at her brown eye. It was relaxed and she was gaping a bit, so I
shoved it right on in. There was slight resistance, but I got it all the way in
on that first shove. She moaned onto the plug when I did. The scene was
awe-inspiring to me. The way her arms were stretched up, giving me a great view
of her back down to her ass, which had my dick shoved into it. The way her ass
was so small compared to most I've seen, making my dick appear a huge invader.
Her inability to even attempt to stop me from fucking her ass. It was
wonderful. Her ass was tight. The rain made her shiny. Everything was perfect.
The previous night, I did not last long. I was too caught up in the fun.
Tonight I would take my time. I would fuck her ass until I couldn't avoid
orgasm. After all, she wasn't going to stop me, and nobody was around for at
least a mile.

I pulled back,
watching my dick slide out of her ass. Not all the way, but to the head. After
a pause, I slid slowly back in. Again there was resistance, but I simply shoved
past it as she moaned. I adjusted myself a bit to lean into her. I grabbed her
hips and ground against her for a moment, then began to slowly slide back out,
to the head. I knew what was so good about it all. Her ass was mine. I owned
it, in that moment. It was mine to do with as I pleased. I slid back in,
knowing that she could not avoid it, knowing I would fuck the ass as I wanted,
be it slowly or fast, shallow or deep. Slow and deep was good for now. I slid
back in. She moaned as I got past the meager resistance, the resistance that
not only failed to stop me, but increased my pleasure.

I sped up a bit,
shoved in harder each time. She moaned a little louder with each thrust. She
could not stop me. Nothing could stop me. After a while, she stopped trying to.
I kept it deep, mostly grinding against her, with few thrusts. She could not
escape, her moans would not save her. They were softer now. I looked at her
ass. I stopped moving. She was grinding against me! I cannot explain the joy of
that realization. The best way to, I think, is to say that's when I knew I
&quot;conquered&quot; her ass. Not only had I taken it, but she had submitted
to it, and enjoyed it!

I pumped hard and
deep, her moans getting louder. I was brutal, and she loved me for it. I
spanked her as I humped, her wet cheek sounding loudly into the night on each
backstroke. Her shiny, red cheeks began to quiver. Her asshole tightened around
my cock and she spasmed. It was all I could take, and I shoved into her deeply,
grinding as I came. I came for a very long time. I couldn't guess how long, but
it was the most pleasing orgasm I had ever had. After I was done, I stayed
where I was, deep in her ass. She was still grinding slightly on me. The
sensations were calming, and I allowed them to do their thing until I was soft
and I plopped out of her ass.

I reached around and
grabbed the plug out of her ass, &quot;I didn't know girls could cum from
getting fucked in the ass.&quot; I commented as I put the plug back in her ass,
watching it take on the appearance of a tail once again.

Almost a whisper,
&quot;Neither did I.&quot; She said as she hung still. I put myself away and
zipped up. I untied the rope from the hand cuffs, and took the rope down, then
untied her knees and put all the rope in the bag. I unlocked the hand-cuffs and
put them in my pocket. She was on her hands and knees, looking curiously at her
pussy. She was obviously sore from her position, but mostly the wound on her
cunt. I took the leash from her collar. I put this all in the bag.

I approached her with
her keys, &quot;Doggies don't talk.&quot; I grabbed the chain on her nipple
clamps and opened a key-ring until I could slide it onto the chain. It took
several tries, and she cringed as I pulled it this way and that in my attempt.
I finally got her keyring onto her chain, and I stood up, &quot;Now you have to
go back to your car as you are now, as a doggy. Only when you get to your car
can you try to take that stuff off. Every time you want me to use and abuse you
as I did tonight, you must arrive either at my store or my apartment wearing
what you have on right now. You know where my store is. Just wait for me to let
you in at the door. I live at 5543 Cedar Grove st, in the complex down the way.
When you show up, ring the doorbell and wait for me. You can ring the doorbell
once a minute, no more. In either case, I hope I am where you go, since you
must wait for me until I let you in.&quot;

I began walking down
the trail to my apartment complex. I glanced back and watched her wag her tail
as she crawled the other way. I thought quietly of how wonderful that anal sex
was on my way home. I considered how I might reproduce it with Mega-Mams.

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Callidus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





