BDSM Library - Goddess Phyllis




Goddess Phyllis
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Goddess Phyllis, her mother, and sister turn a submissive "man" into their personal shit eating whore.







Goddess Phyllis



 
  Michael Tress
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  532
  2007-07-17T19:22:00Z
  2007-07-17T19:22:00Z
  11
  5782
  32962
  New Jersey Institute of Technology
  274
  77
  38667
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






Goddess Phyllis

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I remembered that face as soon as I saw her. Phyllis�s
younger sister. I had been jerking off to her, Phyllis and their mother, Elly,
since I was a teenager. I always imagined that Elly, starting at a very young
age, taught her girls all about the power of sex and the pussy. How to use both
to get anything you want. How to seduce a woman or man. I never imagined that
all that was true, and then some.

&nbsp;

So, thirty years later, here I was with Karen, looking at
that face and thinking of what the rest would look like. They were all blonde,
very fair. Mother Elly was huge, a good 350lbs of raw sexual power. Phyllis was
a gorgeous teenager and youngster, face of an angel. Baby Karen was a younger
Phyllis type, blonde and beautiful. She grew up to be a beautiful woman, tall,
all legs, big breasts, and still angelic. I had a date with her, and here I am,
thirty years later.

&nbsp;

�What do you want to do?� I asked

&nbsp;

Karen smiled. �All my dates start with a visit to my sister
Phyllis, for her approval.� I was surprised, but also delighted. �I remember
Phyllis�she was so beautiful.� �Still is,� said Karen, �even more so. Let�s
go.�

&nbsp;

We quickly drove over to where Phyllis lived and went
inside. Karen turned to me and gave me a long, very hot kiss. �Take your clothes
off, baby. We�re staying in tonight. Ok?� My heart was pounding, and my cock
was rock hard from that kiss. I couldn�t say anything, so I started undressing.
Shirt, pants, socks, underwear, till I was totally naked, with my cock sticking
out like a miniature flag pole. Karen flicked my dick with her finger and
smiled. �Put your hands behind your back,� she said authoritatively. �I did, and Karen quickly and skillfully
slipped a pair of handcuffs on me. �On your knees,� she commanded, and I
complied. 

&nbsp;

A door opened from behind me, and I hear footsteps. Sounded
like someone wearing boots. She walked into my line of vision. It was her.
Phyllis. All grown up. Perfection on legs, beautiful face, tits, hairless
pussy. I was in love. Karen was beautiful, but Phyllis was just incredible. She
stood in front of me, totally naked except for the boots. My face was even with
her pussy. She put her index finger in her pussy and swirled it around and
removed it. �Stick out your tongue.� She finally spoke, and those were the
words. My tongue was out in a flash and she rubbed her finger on it and on my
lips and let me suck on it for a second or two. Purely delicious. Phyllis put
her finger under my nose and let me smell. Wonderful.

&nbsp;

�Do you like that?� Phyllis asked. I stammered. �It was
delicious, Phyllis,� I said. Wham! She slapped me very hard in the face. You
will refer to me only as Goddess Phyllis, do you understand?� I put my head
down. �Yes, I understand, Goddess Phyllis. Please accept my apology.�

&nbsp;

Goddess Phyllis smiled. She took a large, flat silver plate
out from a shelf and placed it on the coffee table. Meanwhile, Karen was
putting a collar and leash around my neck. Goddess Phyllis walked over to the
plate on the table, spread her beautiful ass cheeks, and proceeded to shit on
the plate. First one, then two nice sized turds slid out her ass and onto the
plate. A fart followed, and then one more little piece of shit. Karen walked
over to her sister, pulling on my leash and dragging me along. Karen knelt down
by Goddess Phyllis�s still spread apart ass and buried her face in it. I could
hear her slurping and licking that magnificent ass, as Goddess Phyllis stood
there and smiled. I could imagine Karen�s tongue working in and out of the
lovely brown hole. After a few minutes of this, Goddess Phyllis told Karen to
stop and bring me over to the plate. Karen took off my handcuffs, and Goddess
Phyllis lifted my head up by the chin. �Eat everything on this plate, without
hesitation, or you will never see, taste or smell my pussy ever again.� I
reached out and picked up the largest piece and put it in my mouth. �Bite off a
piece and chew,� Goddess Phyllis ordered, and I complied. The taste was both
awful and delicious. My head was spinning as I chewed. �Look at his cock,
Karen,� said Goddess Phyllis. It was throbbing. �He loves your shit, Phyl!�
�Lick it,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. �Suck it like a cock!� I licked and sucked
on that piece of shit like it was candy, and it was, sort of, as it melted in
my mouth and my hand. Karen and Goddess Phyllis were sitting next to each other
playing with each other�s pussies as they watched me eat shit. I finished the
first piece and went right after the second biggest. I ate that in the same
licking and sucking fashion as the first, much to the delight of these two
goddesses, who both were having nice orgasms as I finished piece two.

&nbsp;

�Take that little piece and keep it in your mouth,�
commanded Goddess Phyllis. I did. �Now, jerk off for me and my sister.� �Show
us that you are a shit eating little jerk off.� I took my cock in hand and
began to stroke it up and down. �Be sure to come in your hand, so that you can
eat it all,� said Goddess Phyllis. After only a few strokes, I was coming like
hell in my hand. �Lick, it, slut boy,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Lick it all up.�
I licked and it mixed with the piece of shit still in my mouth. �Look at him, Sis,�
said Goddess Phyllis. �All he needs now is a little pee.� With that, Goddess
Phyllis walked over to me, placed her cunt right over my shit and come filled
mouth, and let a stream off hot piss come out of her pussy. I took as much as I
could, but with so much come and a piece of shit already in my mouth, I
dribbled some down my chin and onto my chest. That drew a slap from Goddess
Phyllis. She turned off the stream.

&nbsp;

�Chew and swallow,� she ordered. I did immediately. �Do not
spill another drop of my golden piss!� The urine began again and I let it all
slide down my throat, no swallowing, just an open passage right into my
stomach. This pleased Goddess Phyllis and she had Karen come over and take a
pee in my mouth. �You are going to be a good toilet,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Do
you have anything to say? You may speak.�

&nbsp;

I looked up at her and said the only thought that was in my
head. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� �Thank you for giving me the honor of
eating your shit and drinking your pee and for letting me jerk off for you.�

&nbsp;

Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Well said. A little later, my mom
is coming over, and she will love to drop a load in your mouth. My lovely, big,
big mom. You remember her, don�t you?� Of course I did, and the thought of Elly
shitting in my mouth made my cock get hard again, causing Karen and Goddess
Phyllis to have a good laugh.

&nbsp;

Karen spoke. �Mommy said that she just got a new strap-on
with a huge cock on the end. I think she is going to want to use it on jerk-off
here. Maybe we should butt plug him?�

Goddess Phyllis smiled that cute, lovely little smile. �Good
idea, Baby, get the good black one.� Karen opened a draw and took out a rather
large butt plug, about 4 inches wide and maybe 6 inches long. I felt Karen
lubing up my ass, thank god for that, as she handed the plug to Goddess
Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis lightly moved it around my asshole and gently began to
push it in and pull it out. Goddess Phyllis continued this, going a little
deeper each time, and then, from out of the blue, wham, she drove the whole
thing in to the hilt. �Ow,� I screamed. Goddess Phyllis walked in front of me
and gave me a hard slap in the face. �I�d prefer not to put the ball gag in
your mouth, but if you scream again, I�ll have to. And that also goes for when
Elly gets here, because I�m sure she�s going to fuck your little ass right
through the wall.� My eyes welled up with tears as I thought about how much
that will hurt, based upon what I was feeling now. �Oh look, Karen, the little
shit boy is crying with fear,� said Goddess Phyllis mockingly. That earned me
another slap. �Let�s let him lay here for a while with the plug in his ass. You
and I can hit the bed and suck each other for a while.� Thank you Phyl�, said
Karen. There is nothing I�d rather do.�

&nbsp;

An hour or two later, Karen and Goddess Phyllis returned. My
ass was throbbing but the plug was in tight as ever. A knock on the door. It
was her. Karen opened the door and in came Elly, all 350 lbs of her, looking as
gorgeous as ever even at the age of 60 (Goddess Phyllis was 42 and Karen is
40). Elly was wearing a long coat, which was all she was wearing. When the coat
came off, she was totally naked. Goddess Phyllis pulled me over to her, yanking
rather rudely on my leash. �Kiss my mom�s feet,� said Goddess Phyllis. I bent
down and did as ordered. Elly turned and I was right at her huge ass, which she
was pulling apart. �Suck my mommy�s ass, shit boy, �said Goddess Phyllis. I brought
my head forward and buried my tongue in Elly�s hole, which was not huge but
bigger than a typical one. I stuck it in as far as I could and alternated
tongue fucking and sucking her hole. 

&nbsp;

�Mommy, is shit boy�s sucking to your liking?� asked Goddess
Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Elly, It seems that even Goddess Phyllis�
mom referred to her as a goddess, and why not? She was. Goddess Phyllis allowed
me to suck a while longer. �Shit boy, you stop now!� I immediately complied.
�Turn around so Mommy can see the butt plug in your ass.� I turned, and Elly
wiggled the plug in my ass and smiled. �Which one is in there, Goddess
Phyllis?� �The 4x6,� said Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis continued, �I hear
that you have a new strap-on. Let me see.� Elly went to her pocketbook and took
out a massive rubber dong, very realistic looking, about 12 inches long and 4
inches wide. My eyes must have grown large, as Goddess Phyllis said �Mommy,
look at shit boy�s face. He wants you to fuck his ass with that big boy. Isn�t
that right, little jerk off?� I looked up at Goddess Phyllis and knew there was
only one answer. �Yes, please, Goddess Phyllis, I want to be fucked by your
Mom.� Elly smiled and wrapped the harness around her huge waist. The dildo
stuck straight out with an upward turn toward the last three inches. Goddess
Phyllis spoke. �Suck my mommy�s cock, shit boy.� As I began sucking on that
huge rubber cock, Karen came behind me and roughly pulled the butt plug from my
ass. I continued sucking that big rubber cock as Elly and Goddess Phyllis tongue
kissed. Goddess Phyllis looked down at me and said �Mommy, fuck this little
shit eating jerk off. Fuck him hard until he is a quivering mess writhing on
the floor!� Elly kicked me in the gut, doubling me over, and pulled me over to
the back of the couch. �Lean forward,� she commanded. I did, and I felt the tip
of the slightly lubricated dildo press against my stretched asshole. There was
a little moving in and out with the head of the ersatz cock, and then, POW!
Elly plunged all 12 inched into me in one massive thrust. Somehow, I managed
not to scream, even though I felt like I was being split in two. Elly proceeded
to go to work. She pushed this cock in and out of my ass so fast that I could not
believe it. Elly's hands were on my waist and she lifted me off the ground like
a toy. The power of this woman was incredible. She was shaking me up and down
and fucking me in and out. �Go Mommy!� exclaimed Goddess Phyllis.

&nbsp;

Elly was in a frenzy, sweating like a madwoman. She was
plowing my ass, lifting me up and down and side to side, all the while pushing
and pulling the dildo in and out of my ass. With one mighty plunge in, she
stopped. I could feel her trembling as she unfastened the harness, leaving the
dildo buried in my ass. �Someone suck me, please, I�m gonna come!� Goddess
Phyllis nodded to Baby, who lay on the floor. Elly sat on her face and, with
just the slightest tongue action from her daughter, had a truly powerful
orgasm. While she was coming, Goddess Phyllis walked over so that her mommy
could suck that most magnificent of all pussies, and Goddess Phyllis had a
wonderful orgasm. Goddess Phyllis knelt between her younger sister�s legs and
sucked on her pussy, quickly inducing an orgasm in her. All three of the
beauties had come, and I was still kneeling there with the dildo in my ass. I
kept my head down as I could hear the mother, the goddess and the younger
sibling slurping up the juices and tongue kissing mouth to mouth and mouth to
pussy. Despite the pain in my ass, my cock was rock hard and throbbing, a sight
that Goddess Phyllis noticed. �Girls, look at his boner,� said Goddess Phyllis.
�Make him jerk off, Goddess Phyllis� said Elly. Goddess Phyllis looked at me.
�You heard my mommy. What are you waiting for? Stand up and jerk it, and come
on my command!� I stood up and started jerking my cock. I thought I would come
immediately, but I fought to hold it. �Ok, shit boy, come in your hand!� That
was all I needed as I shot a huge load in my hand. �Watch him lick it,� said
Goddess Phyllis. I licked and sucked at my hand and devoured every drop. �He
sure likes to eat his own come, doesn�t he, Goddess Phyllis?� said Elly. Goddess
Phyllis smiled. �Yes, almost as much as eating shit. Mommy, do you have a load
for him?� Elly grinned. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, a rather large one.�

&nbsp;

The girls had told Elly about their visitor, and to prepare,
Elly had a nice meal of steak and beans followed by several glasses of
Metamucil. This combo always worked well for Elly, an experienced shit giver.
Her daughters loved to eat her shit as did her son; husband had no say as he
was reduced to a total slave to Elly and her daughters. As Goddess Phyllis and
Karen grew up, they joined Elly in abusing there dad orally, anally, and
mentally. Poor dad passed away several years ago, but died a happy man. Goddess
Phyllis presented her mommy with the silver platter, the official shit
receptacle. Elly placed it on the coffee table, reached behind her and spread
her cheeks, and had the girls stand in front of her for support. A staccato
series of farts preceded a massive turd that slid from Elly�s gorgeous round
butt. One contiguous piece that reached about seven inches in length and two
inches wide. I knew that I would be giving that one a blowjob. �Holy shit,
Mommy,� giggled Goddess Phyllis. �That is huge!� �Elly smiled and ripped another fart, followed
by another contiguous shitlog that was smaller, but not by much. Then another,
and yet another. These four impressive logs were followed by a few small
shitballs and a squirt or two of shit juice. The concoction was sitting on the
platter like a tray of hor d�oveours. Goddess Phyllis and Baby were licking
their lips, and Goddess Phyllis picked up three balls and each of the dommes ate
one. Goddess Phyllis spoke. �Now, shit boy, we saved the rest for you. Start
with the biggest and suck it like the cock that you wish you had!� I
immediately picked up the seven incher and proceeded to lick and suck it as if
it were a cock. As it melted in my mouth and hand, Goddess Phyllis commanded me
to eat it. I ate the whole piece and licked my hands clean. �Don�t waste time
licking your hands until you are finished, shit boy,� said Goddess Phyllis.
Without being told, I picked up the next largest piece and began fellating that
also. As it melted, I chewed and digested it and picked up the third one. �See
how good he is, girls!� said Goddess Phyllis. �I don�t even have to tell him
what to do, and this is his first day with us. Imagine what he�ll be like in a
month!� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Mommy, you can use little shit boy for your
fat grannies group. I think your buddies would enjoy peeing and shitting on
him. And don�t forget, he is an excellent pussy eater.� Elly grinned ear to
ear. �Thank you, my darling Goddess Phyllis.� �My ladies will enjoy him and
give him a good workout, too. Can they also fuck him if they want?�
�Absolutely,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Anything as long as you can return him in
working condition.� With that, all three laughed and laughed, and my eyes
filled with tears, and my cock started getting hard again as I made oral love
to turd number four.

&nbsp;

Goddess Phyllis looked down at me, with my shit covered
mouth and hands. �Lick your hands clean, shit eatin jerk off.� I got so stimulated
when Goddess Phyllis spoke to me like that, and she could tell. As soon as my
hands were clean came the words I would always yearn to hear: �jerk that cock,
shit boy.� I grabbed my cock and again proceeded to jerk off in front of the
three queens. I came in my hand and greedily sucked up every drop. �Nice work,
jerk off shit boy,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Go upstairs, wash your mouth out
with Listerine, and kneel in front of my bed. I�ll be up in a couple of hours.
Mommy, Baby and I have some serious cunt eating to do, and it would make you
too uncontrollably hot to watch. You�d come and get yourself in trouble.�

&nbsp;

And that was how my first day as a toilet for Goddess
Phyllis, Baby, Elly and who knows who else drew to a close. Or so I thought.

&nbsp;

I was kneeling in front of the bed for what seemed like
hours, dozing occasionally. I heard footsteps entering the bedroom; I could
tell that the three beauties were standing there. �Take him into the bathroom,
Baby,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Phyl,� said Baby. It was interesting
that only baby Karen did not call Goddess Phyllis by that name bur rather a
casual Phyl. Goddess Phyllis did not seem to mind. It was obvious that these
two women had a deep love that only comes from being together their entire
lives. Goddess Phyllis and Elly followed us into the bathroom. Elly was holding
a large rubber bag; an enema bag with a thick hose coming out of it. �Elly
filled this with one of her special enema solutions,� said Goddess Phyllis. �I
made it especially strong and very hot, Goddess Phyllis� said Elly. �Administer
it.� ordered the Queen. Elly inserted the tubing up my ass into my colon. She
opened the release valve on the enema bag and I felt a hot burning liquid
filling me up. �This is two gallons here,� said Elly. �It�ll take a few minutes
to all get into you.� Besides loosening my bowels, the enema was burning like
hell. The pain must have been showing, because Goddess Phyllis asked �What did
you put in there, Mommy?� �He looks like he is on fire.� All of them laughed.
�It has a special blend of jalapeno juice, cayan pepper and Tabasco sauce. It�s a killer,� laughed Elly.
The last of this concoction entered me and Elly pulled the tube out and
replaced it with a butt plug. �You will hold your crap in until I permit you to
release it,� said Goddess Phyllis. I was already hurting from kneeling in the
tub during all of this. Now, my insides were liquefying and burning. I could
feel the need to let go growing and growing. Beads of sweat were building on my
head and began running down my face. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Hold it in, shit
boy, or I will get my whip and rip you apart.� I knew that Goddess Phyllis was
quite serious about that, and I was using all my will and control to keep
everything inside me. The ladies were whispering and laughing. Someone wiggled
the butt plug and I thought that I would let go, but I managed to hold on.
�Look, Goddess Phyllis,� said Elly. �He�s leaking.� Sure enough, little streams
of diarrhea were escaping from the sides of the plug. �Keep holding it�, said
Goddess Phyllis. �Almost there!� The pressure was building and building when
finally, Goddess Phyllis said �Elly, pull the plug! When she does, shit boy,
you can release.� Elly yanked the plug out of my ass and the liquid shit shot
out of my ass with projectile force. It burned so much that I let out a
whimper, and then more poured out. Elly put a finger in my ass and scratched me
on both sides. The last load of shit that came out after she withdrew her
finger burned the scratches with such intensity that I began sobbing. �Oh
Mommy, look what you did to him,� said Goddess Phyllis with mock concern. With
that, Goddess Phyllis turned me around, pushed my head down into my spicy hot
shit and said �Shit boy, you are such a good toilet that I know you will not
disappoint me. Eat this mess. Lick it all up!� What could I do but obey? I
began licking my own shit. Wherein I actually enjoyed and got very turned on
eating the shit of Goddess Phyllis and Elly (I didn�t yet have the pleasure of
sampling Baby�s bowel fruit), eating my own mess was disgusting. I thought that
I would puke, but the thought of punishment from Goddess Phyllis scared me
enough to keep it down. �Oh god, squeeze my clit,� moaned Goddess Phyllis. One
of them, probably Elly, complied and I could hear Goddess Phyllis come. Goddess
Phyllis looked down at me and smiled. �Shit boy, you have the potential to be
one of the best toilets ever. With my training and the skills of Elly and Baby,
you will learn how to eat shit and drink piss like none other. This is your
last chance to leave. You can get up now and walk out and be free. If you
don�t, you have become a toilet. Your name will be Shit Boy, you will jerk off
on command for any of us or anyone we farm you out to, and, essentially, you
will obey any and every command. What is you choice??� I looked up at Goddess
Phyllis and then lowered my head, unable to sustain eye contact. I managed to
get out these words: �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis. It is a privilege to be
allowed to eat your shit, drink your pee and obey you. Please, allow me to
stay.� �See girls,� said Goddess Phyllis. �We now have a new plaything and it
only took five hours to convert him from regular human to living toilet.� Both
Elly and Baby looked at Goddess Phyllis with loving admiration. Elly spoke for
the both of them, and me too. �You are a true goddess, Goddess Phyllis.�

&nbsp;

It was bedtime. Goddess Phyllis has a huge circular bed, and
the three of them climbed in. I lay in my doggy bed off to the side. I could
hear a lot of moaning and groaning and slurping coming from above me, and I
could only imagine who was coming in whose mouth and who was sucking who. Soon,
they all drifted off to sleep. Sometime in the middle of the night, Elly awoke
with a need to pee. I was alert to her getting out of bed and I was at her feet
in a second. As she swung her legs off of the bed, I brought my head close to
her magnificent pussy. She grabbed me by my ears to position me, spread her
pussy ever so slightly and let her stream start flowing. I caught every
delicious drop in my mouth. I licked her luscious thick lips, she softly said
�good boy� and rolled back into bed and fell asleep.

&nbsp;

As the son rose in the sky, Baby arose in bed. She caught my
eye and pointed over to my toilet box. I crawled over and put my head inside
and closed the door. Baby sat on the seat, and I had my first close up of her
beautiful pussy and ass. I lifted my head up to her pussy as she let go a hot
yellow stream. I caught most of it in my mouth, but the angle caused a little
to dribble to the sides of my mouth. Baby moved up a bit and I knew what was
happening. Her brown shit hole was expanding and here it came, a hot morning
shit. The first piece was big and, as I was working to chew it and get it down,
several other pieces followed and hit me in the face and rolled to the side. As
Baby finished, she softly said, �Lick me clean.� I stretched my head up as far
as I could and licked her glorious hole. After a minute of this, Baby got up
and lifted the box off of my head. �Eat every piece of shit that is lying
there,� commanded Baby. �Thank you, Mistress,� I meekly said, and happily and
greedily began eating every bit. As I was on the last piece, I looked up and
Baby, Elly and Goddess Phyllis were all standing there watching. I finished
what was in my mouth and lay there. Goddess Phyllis straddled my face and
released her morning pee, as Elly did soon after. My stomach was filled with
shit and a lot of urine, and my damn cock was throbbing. Here it came: �Jerk
that cock for us, shit boy!� The dominating voice of Goddess Phyllis. I grabbed
my cock and began jerking it, waiting for the word of Goddess Phyllis. �Come!�
As soon as the word came out of her beautiful mouth, I was shooting a hot load
into my hand. Without a need to be told the obvious, I licked the come off my
hand as the ladies taunted me by calling me jerk off, cock sucker, shitface,
and other terms of endearment.

&nbsp;

�Goddess Phyllis,� said Elly, �I�d like to bring shit boy
home with me later. I�m going to have Ellie, Dawn and Babe play around with
him. They are waiting for me there; today is their day to serve me. I�ve told
them not to shower and to prepare themselves to take a good dump. They�re also
going to fuck themselves once we are on the way so that their cunts are nice
and hot, wet and smelly.�

&nbsp;

�Mommy, that is such a beautiful day you have planned,� said
Goddess Phyllis. �Are they going to fuck shit boy also?� �Oh yes, Goddess
Phyllis,� said Elly. �They are ready to fuck his ass one after the other until
I tell them to stop.�

&nbsp;

Goddess Phyllis looked at me. �Shit boy, let me give you
some info. Ellie is 400 lbs, and she is the smallest of the bunch. Dawn goes
about 425 or so, is black, and has a very hairy pussy. Babe is tall and weighs
over 450. Her pussy is shaved and I hear quite tasty, but she is a wild woman
with the strap-on. If she is in good shape, it is possible that her fucking of
you will be more severe than what my mommy gave you yesterday. In any event,
the three of them will all be fucking you, and they all fuck hard.� Goddess
Phyllis looked at Elly and continued. �I cannot attend, although I would like
to and I have promised the ladies that they would have the honor of spending
time with me. But hear this well. Everything that happens will be videoed. Elly
will be watching you. Any infraction of my basic rule of obedience will result
in my whipping your cock. Baby, tell him what happened last time I had to do
that.� Baby smiled. �Goddess Phyllis whipped this guy�s cock so hard and so
long that it came off. Really. We clamped him so that he wouldn�t bleed to
death, stuck what was left of his cock in his mouth and dumped him off at the
hospital. Can you imagine the sight of a naked, cockless man walking into the
ER with what is left of his cock in his mouth?� All three of them had a really
hearty laugh at the thought of this. �Point is,� added Goddess Phyllis, �you do
not want to disobey in the slightest! Do you understand?� �Yes, Goddess
Phyllis,� I whimpered, as Elly yanked my by my leash and pulled me into the
garage and into her car; her trunk, to be more specific.

&nbsp;

After about thirty minutes of bouncing around the trunk, I
could hear a garage door opening. Elly popped the trunk and grabbed my leash,
leading out of the trunk, through the garage (she let me walk on my feet for
that, thankfully) and into her house. As soon as we entered, I could smell
pussy, very strong and pungent. Elly pushed me back to my hands and knees and
led me into the living room. Here was a sight like no other I had ever seen.
Three enormous women were sitting on easy chairs set up facing each other, all
with their legs resting on the arms of the chairs, all fucking their pussies
very slowly with small realistic dildos. They were all sitting on what appeared
to be their panties, which were getting pretty soaked from their dripping
cunts. They all stopped as Elly entered with me following behind and said,
pretty much in unison, �Hi, Mistress Elly.� Elly returned the greeting: �Hi,
girls. This is Shit boy and he is here to service us.� 

&nbsp;

Elly turned to me. �Shit boy, on the left here is Ellie. Ellie,
let shit boy taste your dildo.� With that, Elly kicked me in the ass and I fell
face first right in front of Ellie. This brought huge chortles of laughter from
the heavy crew. I returned to my knees and Ellie put her dildo in my mouth and
stuck it down my throat. As I had learned to keep my throat open, I did not
gag, bringing words of admiration from the assembled queens. Ellie fucked my
mouth with her dildo and then brought her right leg down on my head, knocking
me to my right, which happened to be right in front of Dawn. Dawn was a 450 lb
black woman with a cunt so hairy that I could not see any part of it. Dawn was
the newest of Elly�s girls, and Elly loved having a smelly and hairy black cunt
for occasions like this. Dawn put her dildo in my mouth and it tasted horrible.
She proceeded to beat my mouth with this side to side. Dawn grabbed me by the
back of my head and pulled me right into her crotch and wrapped her massive
thighs around my head and squeezed. The smell was gagging me, it was so strong,
and I didn�t know what to do, so I started licking and slurping at this fat,
black smelly cunt. Elly yanked me back by rudely pulling on the leach. �Did you
like that cunt?� asked Elly. I wasn�t sure what to say, so I tried the truth.
�Mistress Elly, that was the most horrible smelling cunt I�ve ever smelled. It
was awful.� Elly laughed hysterically, but Dawn did not. Elly looked at her.
�Dawn, you don�t like that remark? It is true, you know, but that�s why I let
you in. It�s good to have a stinkbomb like you around. But go ahead, kick his
head.� Dawn whacked me on the side of my head and I was soon looking up at the
beautiful Babe. Babe was the tallest of the bunch, weighed the most, was the
strongest and had an incredible pair of enormously round tits, easily a 52 EEEE.
Her pussy was totally smooth (I later learned that Babe had her pubics
permanently removed with a laser procedure.) Babe took the dildo out of her
cunt and gently placed it in my mouth and slowly pulled it out. I was amazed by
how good she tasted. Babe gently fucked my mouth with the dildo and every time
she pulled it out, my head went forward as if to keep it in my mouth as long as
possible. Elly smiled �Babe is a tasty one, huh, shitboy?� �Yes, Mistress
Elly,� I croaked. �Make her come,� ordered Elly. I immediately began licking
Babe�s pussy. Babe had pierced her labia and her clitoris, and I was easily
able to lick and suck on her clit. She grabbed me by the back of the head and
held me close as I sucked her clit and she let loose a hot load of female come
into my mouth. I swallowed every drop as she pushed me back. �I�m done, Ms.
Elly,� said Babe. �Ok shitboy,� said Elly. �Down to stinky cunt!� I crawled
back over to Dawn and placed my head between her legs. She lifted up, turned me
over so that I was laying face up on the chair and straddled my face. She was
grinding her hairy pussy into my nose and mouth and getting wetter and wetter.
I was sucking every part of her pussy I could reach and then I felt her stiffen
her back and a huge amount of her come starting pouring out of her pussy.
Fortunately, it tasted better than her pussy smelt and I was able to swallow it
without gagging. The amount of her come was incredible. It felt like she came
in my mouth for a full minute. When Dawn was finished, she rubbed her pussy all
over my head from forehead to chin, to leave her scent, as she put it. My mouth
was aching, but I had one more to go. I crawled over to Ellie, and she had her
pussy lips pulled apart and was revealing a really huge clit. I went down on
that clit and licked and sucked it as she bucked her hips into my head. Ellie
let loose another huge load of come and I greedily swallowed every drop. I was
beat, but the activities had really only just begun.

&nbsp;

�Girls, shall we fuck his ass or have him show off what a
good shit eater he is,� asked Elly. �Fuck, fuck, fuck,� was the unanimous reply
from the group. Elly led me over to a sawhorse in a corner of the room and
chained my hands and legs so that I was quite exposed. Ellie was up first. She
strapped on a huge dildo, applied a little drop of lube to the tip, and placed
it against my hole. Very slowly, Ellie eased it in, getting all 14 inches
inside of me. Then she began the fucking, in and out, increasing the speed with
each thrust. Soon, she was fucking me senseless, ripping me apart left and
right and up and down. I could sense her slowing down a bit, and so could Elly,
as she ordered Dawn to take over. Dawn was wearing a dildo slightly larger.
Elly had this all planned and new that Dawn would fuck me second, therefore she
would be able to use a bigger size cock. Dawn didn�t bother with any lube and
just plunged right into me. My ass was pretty moist from Ellie�s fucking, but
Dawn�s dildo had little spikes on it that was very painful. She was pumping in
and out at a rapid clip and also, holding onto my waist, shaking me up and down
while keeping her dildo still. My ass felt like it was on fire, but she kept
pumping me until I sensed her slowing down. �Babe, you�re up,� said Elly. �Ms
Elly, May I fist him rather than use a dildo?� asked Babe. �Sure, Babe, go for
two if you can.� Babe laughed. She walked behind me and spread my cheeks. �He�s
pretty well stretched,� said Babe. She inserted three fingers into my ass and
starting working them in and out. I felt her pinky enter, and then her thumb.
Babe was moving her hand and fingers around and soon she was in my ass up to
her wrist. �Please unchain him, Mistress; I�d like to make him a hand puppet.�
Elly roared with laughter as she unbuckled my ankles and wrists. Babe had her
left arm in my ass, and with her right arm around my waist, lifted me off the
ground, continuing to fuck me. �Look girls, isn�t my hand puppet cute?� �Adorable,�
said Elly. �Absolutely,� added Dawn and Ellie. Babe put me back on the floor
and began working the index finger of her right hand into my ass. The middle
finger soon followed. I couldn�t believe it. Babe was going to try to put both
arms up my ass. She added her ring finger to the other two from the right hand
which were already joining her entire left arm. Se began shaking me up and
down, and inserted her pinky. �Ow,� I moaned, drawing a fast slap in the face
from Elly. That shut me up. Babe inserted her thumb and worked the right hand
in up to the wrist and then a little further. When both arms were securely in,
Babe began lifting me up and setting me down like a rag doll. She shook me to
the left and to the right and up and down. This went on for about ten minutes
until Babe cried out, �Please Mistress Elly, my pussy is throbbing.� �I�ll
allow you to come in a short while. Pull your arms out now. It�s shit eating
time.� �Babe, can you drop a load?� Babe was sweating profusely and I could see
wetness rolling down her legs. �Yes. Mistress,� said Babe. 

&nbsp;

Babe squatted over a silver platter (the same type as I had
seen in Goddess Phyllis�s house) and dropped several nice pieces on it. I
crawled over and began licking and sucking on Babe�s steamy load and easily
devoured it, washing it down with a generous amount of her pee. Next was Dawn.
Dawn squatted over the platter and dropped a huge load. I began working my way
through this pile of shit, kissing it, sucking and licking it at every
opportunity. It took about ten or fifteen minutes, but I got it all down. Dawn�s
shit actually tasted better than her pussy. Next was Ellie. She spread her
cheeks, and piece after piece of shit slid out of her hole. Her load equaled
the other two combined. �Ellie, what have you been eating?� asked Elly. �What
you ordered, Mistress Elly. I�ve been a little constipated, but I feel great
now!� �No wonder, you tubby fat cunt. Look at that load! Shit boy, do what you
do best,� ordered Elly. I tried to block out everything except the task at
hand. I was already stuffed with the combined loads of Babe and Dawn, but I
slowly and methodically worked my way through the entire pile. By the time I
finished, I was sweating profusely and feeling pretty nauseous. Ellie filled a
pitcher with a load of yellow pee, handed it to me, and I chugged it all down.

&nbsp;

�Well, my fat little girlfriends, party is over,� said Elly.
�He sucked you, you fucked him, and he ate your shit. All as well as
advertised. That�s one thousand dollars each!� Babe got up and said, �Mistress
Elly, my pussy is still throbbing. Can shit boy eat me?� Dawn and Ellie gave
Elly a thousand apiece and moved toward the door. �Babe, you can have shit boy
suck you, but it�ll cost another five hundred. You two girls also, if interested.�
�I�d love it,� said Ellie, �but I can�t afford it.� �Me neither,� said Dawn.
�Then get the fuck out, go home and masturbate or do what you will, and I�ll
see you back here in two days. Just hope that the price doesn�t go up.� Dawn
and Ellie left without another word. Babe handed Elly five more hundred dollar
bills. �Shitboy, Babe here just gave me another five hundred for you to make
her come. Obviously, you will see none of this money, but you get the fun of
eating Babe again.� �Thank you, Mistress Elly,� I said. �Ms Babe has a
magnificent pussy.� �Yes, shitboy, yes she does,� agreed Elly. Babe walked d
over to the chair, spread and legs as wide as possible, and pulled her lips
apart with the cunt rings. I crawled over and began nibbling on her clit and sucking
the engorged love bud. In no time, I felt that hot, thick fluid gushing out of
Babe�s cunt into my greedily sucking mouth. She dropped quite a load, and then
put her head back and sighed. �Ok Babe, time to go. I have to return Shitboy to
Goddess Phyllis before I get in trouble.� �Thank you, Mistress Elly. Shitboy is
a dream. If you ever need male subs for him to suck on, anyone in my stable
would love to do it.� �Babe, I�ll let you know. Now go!� Babe left.

&nbsp;

Elly looked down at me. �Shitboy, you brought in 3500
dollars for those two hours work. Out of that, Goddess Phyllis will probably
keep 1500 and give a thousand each to me and Baby. Next time, if you service
five or six women, we can double those amounts. Plus, if you suck any of Babe�s
subs, male or female, that will generate more money as they will pay her more
money. See how valuable you can become? You can generate maybe more than ten
thousand a week for Goddess Phyllis and us. And you get nothing except the
privilege of serving us and whoever else we tell you to. Sound fair? Any
complaints?�

&nbsp;

�Mistress Elly, for the privilege of serving you, Goddess
Phyllis and Mistress Karen, I am the luckiest man in the world,� I said. Wham.
Elly delivered a vicious kick to my head, sending me flying across the room.
�First off, never refer to yourself as a man. You are a shitboy. And secondly,
Goddess Phyllis is always mentioned first. Always. Do you understand?� asked
Elly as she grabbed me by the balls and squeezed pretty firmly. �Yes Mistress
Elly, I�m sorry, I�m sorry, it won�t happen again,� I croaked as the pain rose
in my balls. �No it won�t happen again,� said Elly. �You just hope that when
Goddess Phyllis watches the video of this, she doesn�t decide to punish you.
You better hope.� And with that, Elly again started laughing hysterically as
she let loose a stream of pee into my mouth.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;














Goddess Phyllis

 
  Michael Tress
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  50
  2007-08-19T15:34:00Z
  2007-08-19T15:34:00Z
  5
  2057
  11729
  New Jersey Institute of Technology
  97
  27
  13759
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-unhide:no;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","sans-serif";}


 

 
  
 






Goddess Phyllis

&nbsp;

Chapter 2 � The Judge

&nbsp;

Elly walked me over to the couch, upon which lay three pair
of very wet panties. They were all the same; nylon without any panty liner on
the inside. Goddess Phyllis used these for all of her panty sucking sessions and
kept a huge inventory of them, in all sizes, including XXXL.� Elly shuffled them around and handed me a
pair. �Sniff it and tell me who it is.� I put the still soaked panties under my
nose, surprised by the weight of the sheer nylon, and sniffed. It was not smelly
enough to be Dawn, and not delicious enough to be Babe, so I said, �This was
Ellie, Mistress Elly.� �Very good. You may now suck
them dry.� I felt for the wettest part of the panty and held it up to my mouth.
I began sucking the juices from the panty, thinking of the massive cunt that it
came from. I felt like my cock would burst, it was throbbing so hard. I seem to
be a born panty sucker, along with my other �skills.� I got all I could out of
the first pair, and then Elly handed me the second pair using a poker from the
fireplace. Big surprise as to who this belonged to. I picked it off the poker,
felt for the wettest spot, and sniffed. Against my will, I pulled my head back
and let out a �phew.� Elly enjoyed that and said, �Put the whole thing in your
mouth and suck!� As I stuffed the oversized panty into my mouth, I had to
really resist the urge to puke. It was amazing how some pussy tastes so good,
like Babe (ahh, she�s next, I thought) and how some just plain stunk, like the
pair in my mouth right now. I sucked and sucked, swallowing the foul tasting
saliva and thinking that a treat was up next. And still, I was on fire. �My,
look how your miserable cock is sticking up,� laughed Elly. �You love sucking
panties, don�t you?� �Yes, Mistress Elly,� I mumbled through a mouth full of
panties. �Don�t talk with you mouthful,� laughed Elly. �Ok, take them out.�
Finally, I would get to suck Babe�s panties; that would make up for the
foulness that I just endured. Elly picked up the last pair, felt around for the
wettest area, and handed them to me. As I reached out to take them, Elly pulled
them back and began licking it herself. She was sucking and slobbering over the
soaked panty and moaning, �Umm, this is good. This is sooo tasty.� I now
realized, being a little slow with my thought processes the last couple of days, that I would not get to suck Babe�s panty at all. I
was left with the rotten taste of Dawn in my mouth as Elly sucked the panty dry.
She threw it at me and had me suck it to see if any juice was left. Babe�s
scent was gone. �Mistress Elly, the only thing left on here is your saliva. May
I suck it, please?� Elly pulled it out of my mouth and threw it with the
others. �Time to go back to Goddess Phyllis. She is
going to use you tonight in her session with a client, a rich and powerful
judge. He needs to be degraded in increasingly decadent ways, and Goddess
Phyllis is going to have him suck on your cock. You may or may not be allowed
to come, and a word to the wise, Shitboy, if Goddess Phyllis tells you not to
come, you better not. Got it?� I nodded. �Let�s go,� commanded Elly, yanking me
on my leash and pulling me into the garage.

&nbsp;

As we drive along, Mistress Elly starts playing with my
cock. I immediately spring to attention. Mistress Elly is playfully squeezing
my cock, gives it a good hard squeeze, and stops. She looks at me and says �You
know, Goddess Phyllis has high hopes for you. In just
two days, you have performed better than some wannabe shit eaters that have
spent weeks training with one of us. I know that she loves that fact that you
have been worshipping all of us for so long.� I looked Mistress Elly in the
eyes and could feel her power. Timidly, I said �Mistress Elly, I want to be the
most obedient, best shit eating individual that Goddess Phyllis has ever had.
Do you think it is possible?� �Anything is possible, Shitboy, but whether or
not it happens is up to you. Goddess Phyllis demands excellence and accepts
nothing else. If you obey, all is well. If you disappoint, pain will follow.
Get it?� asked Mistress Elly. �Yes, Mistress Elly, I understand,� I weakly
said. Mistress Elly continued. �Tonight is an important night for you. The
judge is wealthy and has supported Goddess Phyllis nicely over the past several
years, probably to the tune of at least a million a year. He can only orgasm
while with Goddess Phyllis and under her command. If you do well, you have taken
a big step forward. Fail, and, well, who knows what fate would befall you.
Punishment takes many forms, and the worst would be to get thrown out. Do not
let that happen.�

&nbsp;

We arrive at Goddess Phyllis�s house. I didn�t realize the
size and beauty of it the first time I saw it. Goddess Phyllis has a twelve
room house with an indoor pool, gymnasium and torture room. Mistress Elly pulls
into the driveway and comes around to the passenger side of the car. She opens
my door and I get out and am led to the door by Mistress Elly. We go inside,
and we are greeted by Goddess Phyllis herself. My cock stands at attention in
the presence of this most beautiful of all women. I get down on all fours and
lower my head, awaiting my master�s voice. �The judge is in the torture room,
Elly. Are you staying?� �I would love to if permitted, Goddess Phyllis.� �Yes,
I want you to stay and observe, especially observe Shitboy,� said Goddess
Phyllis. �Anything you say, Goddess Phyllis,� purrs Goddess Phyllis�s big,
beautiful mom. Goddess Phyllis speaks again. �Shitboy, here is what to expect.
The judge cannot get aroused or orgasm unless he is being very
degraded. Having him eat my shit worked for a while, but he came to enjoy it
too much and it no longer serves the purpose. Same with Mommy�s shit. Too good. I told the judge that he is so worthless that he
is only suited to eat the shit and suck the cock of one of my shiteaters. I
could see this was arousing him, so tonight, this
wealthy judge will suck your cock and maybe eat some of your shit. Perhaps you
will suck him; perhaps he will fuck you in the ass. That remains to be seen.�
Goddess Phyllis looked at me. �Raise you head and speak.� I looked up at
Goddess Phyllis. She was so gorgeous, with the long golden hair and hairless
vagina glistening with moisture that I could barely look at her without coming.
�Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� was about all I could say. �I will obey you
without fail.� Goddess Phyllis looked at me and smiled. �Yes, I think you will,
Shitboy.� 

&nbsp;

Goddess Phyllis and Mistress Elly walked to the torture
room, with me following on all fours with my leash in my mouth. I did not have
to be told to make sure the leash did not hit the floor; this is basic
submissive knowledge. We arrive at the room; Goddess Phyllis enters the code on
the combination lock and we enter. Goddess Phyllis takes a leather head mask
and tells Mistress Elly to put it on my head. The mask has openings for the
nose and mouth, but, although the eyes are covered, it is with a mesh material
that I can see out of.� Goddess Phyllis
speaks �Shitboy, I will tell the judge that you cannot see out of this mask.
That will help relax him, but I want you to see everything that happens
tonight. It will be very good for you� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� I meekly
say.

&nbsp;

The judge is on the other side of this large room, suspended
from the ceiling by a large rubber belt secured to his waist. He is wearing a
ball gag, and I can see that he has recently been whipped. His back is
criss-crossed with lash marks, and most are fresh and still bleeding. As he
hears us approach, he turns his head. Goddess Phyllis looks at him with
disdain. �You are a fuckin mess, judge,� says Goddess Phyllis. �I�ve brought my
mommy with me; she will continue with the whipping. My masked friend here is
Shitboy. After your whipping, you will suck his cock; you will suck the cock of
a shit eating jerk off who is a slave to me and my mommy and my sister. You
have hit the bottom, judge.� The judge attempts to look at Goddess Phyllis, but
She is standing tantalizingly just out of sight. He mumbles something
unintelligible, and the Ladies ignore him. Goddess Phyllis hands Mistress Elly
a large bullwhip. Mistress Elly smiles, walks into position, and cracks the
whip in the air. The judge flinches, and Goddess Phyllis
chuckles, as does Mistress Elly. Mistress Elly gets set and delivers a
very hard blow to the back of the judge. This is followed by hard whacks to his
ass and the backs of his thighs, and then more on his back. These fresh cracks
are oozing blood, and some of the older ones have reopened. Mistress Elly is
glistening with sweat and is grinning ear to ear. Goddess Phyllis is standing
watching, arms folded and smiling. Mistress Elly unleashes five rapid lashes,
and then Goddess Phyllis orders her to stop. �Mommy, take the judge down and
have him get on his knees.� Mistress Elly unfastens the belt from the judge�s
waist and assists him in assuming the position. Goddess Phyllis takes my leash
and walks me over so that I am standing cock to mouth with the judge. Of
course, my cock is sticking straight out. �Judge, let�s see if you are a good
cocksucker,� says Goddess Phyllis. Without hesitation, the judge puts his mouth
on my cock and I feel the entire length of my cock going down his throat. �Keep
sucking until I tell you to stop, judge,� says Goddess Phyllis. This guy must
have sucked cock before, or maybe it was Goddess Phyllis�s strap-on, but he was
good�very good. �Shitboy, DO NOT COME,� yells Goddess Phyllis. It must have
been the expression on my face or something that gave me away, but it saved my
life, more or less. The sound of the goddess�s voice snapped me out of my
thoughts, and I immediately focused on the judge�s back. I did not think I
could handle a whipping like he has received, and I could only assume the worst
if I were to come. I kept looking at those lashes and staring at the blood, and
I was able to hold out against this guy�s verbal assault on my cock. �Enough!�
said Goddess Phyllis. �Judge, stand up and let me see how hard you are.� The
judge stood and, as expected, had a throbbing erection. �Judge, fuck my shitboy
in the ass and your orgasm problems will all be behind you. You will shoot a
load, you stupid little shit.� With that, Mistress Elly bends me over her lap
with my ass sticking up, and the judge comes over and puts his cock against my
asshole. Having been fucked in the last two days by Mistress� Karen and Elly,
along with Babe, Ellie and Dawn, my hole easily handled his throbbing dick. He
began humping and moaning and it seemed like he was getting ready to come.
�Pull your cock out,� orders Goddess Phyllis. As the judge pulls out, Goddess
Phyllis grabs his dick with one hand and begins squeezing and stroking it. Goddess
Phyllis inserts her other hand up the judge�s ass and massages his prostate
while continuing to squeeze his cock. The judge is moaning and groaning and
blows a huge load onto my ass. Goddess Phyllis continues to massage his gland
and squeeze his cock and the guy keeps coming and coming. I can feel the puddle
on my back. �Lick it all up judge. Every little bit of it,� orders Goddess
Phyllis. The judge sucks his ample amount of come off of my back. As he is
doing this, Goddess Phyllis inserts a wand style probe, the type with the round
header on top of a thinner shaft, up his ass and begins pumping in and out. As
Goddess Phyllis picks up the pace, She grabs the
judge�s cock and again brings him to orgasm, this time coming on my thighs and
ass. The judge has just about finished licking the cum
puddle from my back and, in a non stop manner, continues on to slurp his come
of my ass and thighs. Upon completing this, the judge is rewarded with a kick
in the ass courtesy of Goddess Phyllis�s boot and is sent sprawling face first
to the floor. Goddess Phyllis allowed him to lay there for a minute or so and
then ordered him to get dressed.

&nbsp;

As the judge gets dressed, Mistress Elly and Goddess Phyllis
exchange a luscious embrace and order me onto my knees, facing them. �Jerk that
cock, Shit boy, and be ready to come when I tell you,� said Goddess Phyllis. I
began jerking off as ordered as Goddess Phyllis walked over to me, put that
magnificent pussy in front of my face, spread those luscious lips and began
peeing directly into my mouth. I made sure to not spill a drop of the delicious
nectar and I didn�t, drawing a compliment from Goddess Phyllis. �Nice piss
drinking, Shit boy. Now you may come.� Upon hearing the words of my master, I
came as ordered, shooting my load into my right hand. I stayed with the come in
my hand, awaiting instructions. �Well, what are you waiting for?� queried
Goddess Phyllis. You know what comes next.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I said
rather meekly. I licked the come off my hand and, as I finished, the judge was
ready to go. Goddess Phyllis walks him to the door, grabs his cock, and says
�Judge, you know that you are totally impotent with anyone but me. You will not
be able to get an erection unless I am in the same room. You will think of me,
of course, but you will still not get hard because I am telling you not to. Only in my presence. Do you understand?� The judge, in a
barely audible voice, says �yes, Goddess Phyllis, I understand.� �Good. If you
are caught by my cameras or my spies with a hard-on, you will receive the
ultimate punishment-banishment from the world of Goddess Phyllis.� The judge
leaves. Goddess Phyllis looks at me, still on my knees. �Shit boy, mommy and me
are going to bed. Come up with us and take your position on the floor. If
you�re lucky, one or both of us will have to pee or crap, and you�ll be lucky
enough to eat it all up.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.�

&nbsp;













Chapter 3&nbsp; Anal Elly

Goddess Phyllis and Mistress Elly were giving the bedsprings a fairly good workout, rolling around fondling each other&#8217;s tits and pussies and, of course, licking each other quite ferociously. During the course of mutual licking, Goddess Phyllis begins inserting her middle finger into Mistress Elly&#8217;s asshole. She works it in and begins to insert the index finger when Elly says, �Please, no, Goddess Phyllis, I thought we agreed that I wouldn&#8217;t have to take it up the ass. You know I never liked that.�&nbsp; �Mommy, I&#8217;ve been licking your ass for years and you love it. And I&#8217;ve been wanting to fuck your ass for years and you always resist. You know that I don&#8217;t put on the strap-on except for special occasions, and tonight is a special occasion. You are a master ass-fucker, but tonight you will be the fuckee.�

I&#8217;m lying on the side of the bed, about five feet away, barely believing what I&#8217;m hearing. Now that they mention that, I realize that I have seen almost all of the mistresses with a strap-on, but not Goddess Phyllis. And I hadn&#8217;t been serving Goddess Phyllis long enough to know who was fucking who. It&#8217;s only been a few days. Hard to believe. Goddess Phyllis takes out a strap-on with a smallish dildo sticking out. �Mommy, this is a nice size for you. For now, at least. Don&#8217;t you agree?� �Please, Goddess Phyllis, I don&#8217;t like it in the ass.� Whack! Goddess Phyllis slaps her mother in the face firmly with her right hand. �Mommy, look. I need to do this for my satisfaction, and isn&#8217;t that the most important thing?� Without hesitation, I hear Mistress Elly say, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� �Good. I&#8217;m glad we settled that.� I dare not lift my head up to watch the goings on for fear of what might happen if I&#8217;m caught watching without permission. So I just lay there. It&#8217;s quiet for a few seconds and then I hear Mistress Elly let out a long moan. The bed starts creaking and I can see Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s long blond hair flying back and forth as she gives her mother a dose of what her mother does to most other people - fuck them senseless. Goddess Phyllis grabs Elly&#8217;s hair and pulls her head back. They are both looking into the wall length mirror that serves as the bed&#8217;s headboard. �Do you love it, Mommy� Do you love finally getting fucked in the ass by your goddess daughter?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I do.� �Ah, Mommy, I&#8217;m not sure you do.� With that, Goddess Phyllis picks up the pace and says �Is this better? Do you love this more?� �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis, it feels good, so good.� Mistress Elly sounded like she meant it this time, and this pleased Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis continues the fucking for several minutes, and then unstraps the dildo, leaving it plunged in Elly&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; She pushed her mother to her side and began sucking her pussy while working the dildo in and out with her hand. Elly begins moaning and groaning. I can hear Goddess Phyllis slurping and licking at her mommy&#8217;s deliciously wet cunt and soon I hear a loud �Ohhhhh.� Elly has a wonderful orgasm and is trembling as Goddess Phyllis straddles her face to get her own release. Elly licks and sucks her goddess daughter&#8217;s incredibly delicious pussy and it is not long before the very hot Goddess Phyllis is having her own superb orgasm.

�Once again I prove I know what I&#8217;m doing, right Mommy?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elly. �Mommy, would you like to fuck shit boy?� Without waiting for an answer, Goddess Phyllis says �Get up here, Shit boy.� I climb up onto the huge custom made bed and get on all fours. �Good little shit boy. Mommy, give him a nice fucking.� I see that Mistress Elly is putting on her strap-on, the one she used on day 1, the one that is pretty damn big and thick. She uses her pussy juice to wet the head of the dildo and my hole and pushes it in. I stifle a groan as Mistress Elly inserts all fourteen inches up my ass, pulls the monster out and pushes it in again, increasing the speed with each stroke. Within a minute, she is pumping me pretty damn hard and fast. My cock is throbbing from everything that I have heard and seen and this ass fucking is adding to my desire to come. But I know that I dare not, not unless Goddess Phyllis allows it. As Mistress Elly is concentrating on boring into me like a dentist boring into a bad tooth, Goddess Phyllis comes behind her wearing a bigger strap-on then previously and plunges it into her mommy&#8217;s ass. Mistress Elly screams, bends forward, reaches around me and grabs my cock in her right hand. She grabs it so hard and gives it such a hard squeeze that I start coming before I can even realize what is happening. Goddess Phyllis had her eyes closed, but she opens them to a most unpleasant sight. My miserable cock, still in the grip of Mistress Elly, is shooting come all over the bed and mirror. �What the fuck?� yells Goddess Phyllis as she pulls out of her mother, who pulls out of me at the same time. �I didn&#8217;t give permission for this. Mommy, why are you holding his cock?� �I&#8217;m not sure, Goddess Phyllis, I wasn&#8217;t expecting another fucking?� �So you grab his cock? I don&#8217;t understand. You should be punished. You should receive at least ten strokes from my whip. But look how beautiful you are. I could never hit my mommy.� The two beauties exchange a warm embrace, and I knew what was coming. Goddess Phyllis looks at her mommy and her shit boy. �Shit boy, you came without permission. How do you plead?� �Guilty, Goddess Phyllis, but with an explanation.� My smart answer earned me a slap in the face. �Idiot,� snarled Goddess Phyllis. �I can see why. But that does not change anything. You need to be punished, and since I can&#8217;t punish my mommy, I will double your punishment. Ten lashes, five from me, five from Mistress Elly. Mommy, tie him to the whipping post!� Mistress Elly leads me by my ever-present collar to the other side of the room and attaches my arms and legs to the post. I hear Goddess Phyllis crack the whip and my blood goes cold. I hear Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s footsteps walking toward me (she must have put on her high heels) and I brace. Crack! A horizontal crack appears on my back right above the ass. Crack! The second lash lands above the first. Crack! Crack! Lashes three and four continue in a symmetrical pattern up my back. By now, the pain is so intense that I fear I will pass out, but I manage to keep silent as the sweat begins to pour out of my body. Crack! Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s final last falls just below my shoulder blades. She hands the whip to Mistress Elly with the following instructions: �Mommy, I want you to lay vertical stripes over my horizontal ones. This should cause Shit boy as much pain as possible.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� say Mistress Elly. The first lash from Mistress Elly lands on my left shoulder blade down to my ass. I scream out in pain. Being lashed on top of an already open wound is too much for me to bear, and I begin bawling and sobbing. Goddess Phyllis walks over to me and takes my face in her hands. �Look into my eyes and don&#8217;t break eye contact.� I comply. �Now, you have four more to go. If you can take them without my having to put a ball gag in your mouth, you will make me happy. You want to make me happy, don&#8217;t you? Just nod.� I nod my head up and down. �Ok, then. Mommy, make the next four progressively harder.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Mistress Elly. Whack! Lash seven is in line to the right of the previous one. A grunt escapes from me but I don&#8217;t cry out. I&#8217;m feeling almost numb with pain, as if the intensity of the pain is helping me to deal with it by having my mind clouded. I concentrate on the fact that I want to make Goddess Phyllis happy. Whack! Whack! Eight and nine are in perfect symmetry to the other lashes, making my back look like an oversized tic tac toe board. Whack! Number ten is the hardest, and I bite my lip so hard that I can taste blood. But that&#8217;s ten. I think it is over. I made it.

Almost. �Mommy, can you fill this pitcher with your sweet pee?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Mistress Elly. It seems that that is all she has been saying lately. Elly takes the pitcher and puts it between her large thighs and lets her stream flow. She fills it about a third of the way up and hands it to Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis says, �Shit boy, this is going to hurt, but you will not cry out. Nod if you understand.� I nod up and down. Goddess Phyllis takes the pitch of motherpiss and slowly pours it over my bloody, cracked skin filled back. I thought that nothing could hurt more than Mistress Elly&#8217;s lashes, but this took pain up to a new level. My back felt as if flames were searing the flesh. Goddess Phyllis once again takes my face in her hands and orders me to not break eye contact. �Look into my eyes, Shit boy. Yes, that&#8217;s good. The pain is intense, I know. Bear it, I know you can.� I am attempting to bear the pain as the sweat pours off me and I begin to tremble all over. Goddess Phyllis takes the empty pitcher and puts it between her milky white thighs and pees into it. She puts the pitcher up to my lips. �Here, little shit boy, drink. This will make you feel better.� Goddess Phyllis slowly pours the pee into my parched mouth, and it tastes delicious. I swallow. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis holds my face again and mesmerizes me with her controlling stare. �Feel the pain, Shit boy. Remember the pain. It is intense. But it can be worse, and will be if you ever come again without my permission. I saw what Mommy did to you, but you need to be stronger than that.� Goddess Phyllis continues to keep my eyes glued to hers. �You are going to be my best shit boy ever, Shit boy. You will deal with this pain, and you will remember it. If you ever feel like you may come without my permission, you think of the pain, remember the pain, and you won&#8217;t come. Will you?� �No, Goddess Phyllis,� I whimper.

Goddess Phyllis orders Elly to get the �whipping blanket,� a very soft cotton and gauze blanket that Mistress Elly soaks with aloe vera lotion and lays across my back. Before doing this, Mistress Elly says �Look Goddess Phyllis, doesn&#8217;t his back look like a criss-cross cherry pie?� Goddess Phyllis chuckles. �Yes, mommy, it sure does. Does the blanket feel good, little Shit boy?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I answer. �That&#8217;s good. Now walk over here to me.� I walk over to Goddess Phyllis and we are both standing, facing each other. Goddess Phyllis puts her left hand on the back of my head and pulls it close to her and begins giving me a long, very hot kiss, complete with her tongue making circles in my mouth. Her right hand grabs my cock and she begins stroking it. Oh geez, it feels so, so good. As I feel an orgasm building, I focus on the pain still searing through my flesh and the nearness of the orgasm subsides. Goddess Phyllis can feel this and she ends the kiss. �You are a good learner, Shit boy. You are learning not to come without permission, and soon you will learn to come by voice command only. Won&#8217;t that be nice? Hmmm?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I say loud and proud. �Anything for you.� Goddess Phyllis smiles; she certainly loves adulation. �Mommy, back on your knees on the bed. I&#8217;m going to fuck your big, fat, delicious ass some more. Let me have your strap-on.� Mistress Elly&#8217;s eyes bulge as the thought of that large 14 incher entering her ass is a bit scary. Goddess Phyllis eyeballs her. �Do you have something to say, mommy?� Mistress Elly lowers her eyes and says �No, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis smiles, knowing that she has broken her mommy&#8217;s resistance to getting ass fucked. Goddess Phyllis gets on her knees behind the big, magnificent ass of her mother, lines the dildo up with the not-as-small-as-it-used-to-be a-hole and pushes it in. Mistress Elly buries her face in the pillow and lets out a loud groan. Goddess Phyllis begins pumping in and out, slowly increasing the speed. As she is doing this, she grabs her mommy&#8217;s hair and pulls her head out of the pillow. �Look at me,� commands Goddess Phyllis. �Watch me fuck you, Mommy. Watch me pound your ass like I should have been doing all of these years.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� murmurs Elly. Goddess Phyllis continues pounding her mommy&#8217;s ass for a solid ten minutes; both of these beauties are sweating rather profusely. While this is happening, I am watching from my spot on the floor, both incredibly hot from what has been going on and in a lot of pain, also from what has been going on. Goddess Phyllis pulls out of her mommy altogether and proclaims: �Now for the real delight!� With that, she buries her face in her mommy&#8217;s crack and begins licking and sucking Elly&#8217;s deliciously wet asshole. Goddess Phyllis is moaning with pleasure, as is Mistress Elly. I see Goddess Phyllis place her right hand between her legs and begin masturbating herself. Elly sees this in the mirror and starts doing the same thing. Goddess Phyllis sees this, and says �Mommy, I want us to come together.� Mistress Elly agrees. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, that will be wonderful.� Goddess Phyllis agrees and both beauties continue rubbing their clits and playing with their pussies while Goddess Phyllis continues sucking on that delicious ass. Both women are soon breathing heavy and moaning and Goddess Phyllis says, �Now Mommy, lets come, now, right now.� With that, Goddess Phyllis lets out a slow �ooh yes� and Mistress Elly lets out a long moan and both ladies achieve a simultaneous orgasm, nice and powerful, and, as it subsides, they collapse in each others&#8217; arms and engage in along, slow hug and kiss that seems to go on forever and ever.










Chapter 4 Baby and Erin

As Goddess Phyllis and Elly relax on the bed, Mistress Karen, aka Baby, comes in, having returned from a weekend in Atlantic City. With her is her new personal bodyguard, Erin, a 24 year old cutie. Erin stands about 5&#8217;10� and looks to be around 330 or so, most of it in her belly and ass, a nice, big round ass. I noticed that she had a very smooth face, free of lines or wrinkles or any blemishes. Actually, she could pass for a member of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s family; not an immediate member (only blondes are direct descendants of this line) but a cousin, perhaps. Both Baby and Erin are totally naked. �Phyl, I missed you so. What&#8217;s new? Why is shit boy wearing the whipping blanket?� Goddess Phyllis smiles and stands up. �Slow down, Baby. You need to first introduce me to this young beauty.� �I am sorry, Sis,� says Baby. The casualness of Baby&#8217;s way of addressing Goddess Phyllis was fascinating to me as it was in stark contrast to everyone else. But, sisters are sisters, especially when they have been sucking each other&#8217;s pussies since childhood. �This is Erin. I met her online and we hit it off on our first meeting. She is very strong and has a nice sweet pussy.� �Baby, you can pick &#8216;em, that&#8217;s for sure. But tell me, why isn&#8217;t she on her knees.� Karen looks at Erin and points down at the floor, snapping her fingers while doing so. Erin is on her knees in a flash. Goddess Phyllis smiles adoringly at Karen, and Elly also is flashing a big smile from her place on the bed. They love to see Baby being in charge like that. Goddess Phyllis walks to the kneeling Erin and stands in front of her. �Lift your head and look at me, Erin, you fat fuck.� Erin looks up into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s blue eyes. �Play with your sweet pussy. Come while worshipping me with your eyes.� Erin brings her right hand between her legs and starts fingering her pussy. She inserts a finger and rubs her clit with another. �You are sweet and lucky, Fat Erin. I&#8217;m having an urge to shit. Mommy, get me the platter!� Mistress Elly gets the platter from the dresser and gives it to Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis hands it back. �Mommy, hold it under my ass while I spread my cheeks, but do not eat any.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elly. Mistress Elly holds the platter as Goddess Phyllis spreads those beautiful cheeks and immediately a piece of shit starts emerging from her ass. I can&#8217;t really see the actual piece from where I am laying on the floor, but the sweet smell is very recognizable. I can see that Elly is licking her lips and moving her head ever closer to the treat lying upon the silver platter. Goddess Phyllis drops a heavy piece; must be, as the tray tilted a bit when it hit. Another beauty emerges from Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass. �I think that&#8217;s it. Who would like to lick me clean?� �Me,� yells Baby. �I would,� says Elly. Even Erin chimes in that she would as she is close to orgasm and feeling a bit bold. �Erin, you get to eat a piece of my shit, you lucky fatty.� Goddess Phyllis looks at me, lying there with the whipping blanket on and a throbbing cock sticking up. �Shit boy, wouldn&#8217;t you like to lick me clean?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I whimper. �That would be wonderful.� �Yes, it would,� replies Goddess Phyllis. �But it&#8217;s not happening. Mommy, you can lick me.� Elly kneels before her daughter, looks longingly at the two nice sized turds laying on the platter, and starts licking the shit remnants from Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s hole. Goddess Phyllis looks at Baby. �You asked what is new, honey. Well, come here and check out your mother&#8217;s ass. I finally fucked her the way she deserves.� �Unreal!� coos Baby, as she walks behind her mother. Baby spreads Elly&#8217;s cheeks. �Holy shit, Phyl, this hole is huge. You did this all tonight?� �Yep,� replies Goddess Phyllis. �I started with my finger, then a little dildo the size of shit boy&#8217;s cock, then a twelve incher, then Mommy&#8217;s own 14 incher. She learned to love it, didn&#8217;t you, Mommy?� Elly stops her licking and sucking long enough to utter those memorable words, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� Baby takes one more look at the stretched out hole of her mother before burying her face in that ass and sucking and licking at the huge hole. �Erin, how&#8217;s that pussy?� asks Goddess Phyllis. �I&#8217;m sopping wet, Goddess Phyllis. I think I can come at anytime.� Goddess Phyllis takes the platter of shit and holds it in front of Erin. �Here, my little fat beauty. Take a piece and hold it in your mouth. Let it dissolve slowly, no biting.� Erin picks up the bigger turd, looks at it and puts it in her mouth. �Ever eaten shit before, fatso?� Erin shakes her head no. �Well, you&#8217;ll never taste any better than this.� Goddess Phyllis looks around. �Do you all agree?� Baby pulls her head away from her mommy&#8217;s ass while Elly pulls her out of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass, both just long enough to say, �yes, Goddess Phyllis.� Even I chimed in, hoping not to bet beat for this. But I didn&#8217;t think so. �Now, fat Erin, you may come.� No sooner did Goddess Phyllis say that then Erin begins quivering and shaking and moaning with a great orgasm. Erin thought that nothing could beat some of the orgasms that Baby had given her, but this was incredible. �Oh, Goddess Phyllis, thank you,� croaked Erin around the piece of shit sticking out of her mouth. �I never knew I could have an orgasm like this.� Goddess Phyllis seemingly disregards the statement, but I think that she is pleased. �Mommy, split this piece in half.� she commands, nodding toward the piece of shit lying on the platter. �Give half to Baby and you can eat the other half. Shit boy, come here and bite a piece off of the one sticking out of Fat Erin&#8217;s mouth.� I was moving immediately as I said �thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� I crawled over to Erin and wrapped my mouth around a fair sized piece that still was sticking out of her mouth and bit it off. I sucked very hard at this delicious treat and looked up at Goddess Phyllis. �You may eat it, Shit boy. You deserve a treat after your ordeal today.� I bite a piece off and am chewing it and loving it. Goddess Phyllis looks around the room. Everyone is eating some of her delicious shit; her mommy, her baby sister, her shit boy, and her baby sister&#8217;s new friend, Fat Erin.

�Baby, you asked why shit boy is wearing the whipping blanket. Shit boy, stand up and show everyone your back.� I stand and remove the blanket, turning around, as the last remnants of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s shit are sliding down my throat and warming my belly. �Oh cool,� says Baby as Erin&#8217;s mouth drops open. Elly smiles proudly. �I laid the horizontal lashes,� says Goddess Phyllis, �while mommy did the vertical. Then I poured about half a pitcher of mommy&#8217;s pee onto the open wounds. Shit boy took it all without needing the ball gag.� �Why&#8217;d you whip him in the first place, Phyl?� asks Baby, licking the last remnants of her sister&#8217;s shit off of her teeth. �Well, it was mommy&#8217;s fault. I had just given her her first good ass fucking, and as a reward I was letting her fuck shit boy. While she was pounding him, I entered her ass unexpectedly. For reasons I don&#8217;t understand, she reached around, grabbed shit boy&#8217;s cock and squeezed the pathetic little thing so hard that he immediately came. Without permission! It was Mommy who deserved some of the punishment, but she is too beautiful to punish, plus she is my Mommy.� Goddess Phyllis continues. �I ordered ten lashes, five from me and five from Mommy. The pee was a nice touch, don&#8217;t you think?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Baby answers, �Geez yes, Phyl, I can&#8217;t wait to see the video.�

Goddess Phyllis looks at fat Erin and says, �Ever eat shit before, chubby?� I noticed that Goddess Phyllis continually used various fat terms when talking to Erin, no doubt as a reminder of her lowly place in this group. �No, Goddess Phyllis,� said Erin. �Ever have anyone eat your shit, chunky cuteface?� �No, Goddess Phyllis,� repeats Erin. Goddess Phyllis smiles. �Mommy, get a pair of panties from the closet. I guess two XX will do.� Elly fetches a pair and Goddess Phyllis has her hand it to Erin. �Fatty Erin, I want you to put these on and take a shit in them. If you need any help shitting, I can give you a quick enema.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� says Erin, �but I have had an urge to shit for hours, but Mistress Karen would not let me.� �Baby, you always anticipate my desires. You&#8217;re the best sister anyone could have.� �No, you are Phyl,� says Baby. �I&#8217;m second best. As I always have been to you, and always will be. And that&#8217;s exactly the way it should be. I love you so.� �Goddess Phyllis smiles. �I love you, too, Baby. You too, Mommy.� �Now, Erin, put on the panties.� Fat Erin quickly obeys and pulls up the sheer undies. �Anytime you&#8217;re ready, fatso shiteater,� laughs Goddess Phyllis. Erin pushes a bit and a nice piece begins emerging from her ass and is clearly visible through the panties. This is followed by some smaller shit pieces and one more big one. Goddess Phyllis gets a paddle from the toy rack on the wall and whacks Erin lightly on the butt, and then rubs the paddle around Erin&#8217;s ass, mushing the shit all over. �Here&#8217;s what we&#8217;ll do,� proclaims Goddess Phyllis. �Fat Erin will get on the bed and pull the panties down to her thighs. Shit boy will lick her clean while Mommy fucks his ass. Baby, you will give Mommy&#8217;s ass a nice fucking.&nbsp; Everyone got it?� A simultaneous �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� rose from the three ladies and myself. Erin gets on all fours on the bed and pulls down the panties, exposing an ass covered with her shit. I kneel behind her as Elly does behind me, and Mistress Karen-Baby- behind her. Baby is eager and covers her dildo with some of her pussy juice and enters her Mom. Baby wastes no times in giving Elly a rapid, hard pounding. Meanwhile, I start licking the shit off of Erin&#8217;s left ass cheek. The coating of shit is rather thick and I&#8217;m working my way through it as Elly enters me. As Elly is getting a severe fucking, she �forgets� to use any lube and plows into my ass with a dry dildo. I can feel a few tears on my rectal wall, but that was second to the fact that Mistress Elly was pushing my face firmly into Erin&#8217;s shit covered ass. The shit was filling my nostrils and mouth and I couldn&#8217;t breathe. I was swallowing as much as I could as rapidly as I could, but I felt like I was suffocating. I began flailing my arms, and Goddess Phyllis came over and yanked on my leash, pulling my face away from that big shitty ass. �Catch your breath, Shit boy, and keep eating.� Of course, that is exactly what I did. I pulled some shit out of my nostrils and ate that, then snorted the rest down my throat. Fat Erin&#8217;s shit was filling my whole head as Goddess Phyllis let go of the leash. �Mommy, make sure he can breathe. Fuck shit boy hard but pull his face up once in a while.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, says Elly. Mistress Elly increase the force of her ass fucking, making me wonder just how hard she can fuck. This fucking was harder than the others, and those were enough to rip my guts. She used the leash to guide me all over Erin&#8217;s ass as I licked that huge ass spotless. Of course, there was still the matter of those shit filled panties. As I took a look in those panties (they were packed with mushy shit), I hear the master&#8217;s voice. �Shit boy, put your head I those panties and start eating. I want them cleaned out, and I want it done quickly.� I lower my head into the panties and begin eating. Erin&#8217;s shit was already deep in my sinuses and eating more was becoming a most pleasant task. I was enjoying this, not aware of anything else going on. Goddess Phyllis walks closer to Erin and pushes her down and back. Erin&#8217;s knees spread and her ass comes down right on my head. Suddenly, I am drowning in a lake full of shit. I feel it on my eyes and in my nose. I try to eat some to create a little space, but there is too much and my throat is filling. �Shake that fat ass, Erin,� orders Goddess Phyllis. Erin grinds her hips, pushing me even deeper into the shit filled panties. I begin flailing my arms when finally Erin rises up and Goddess Phyllis pulls me up by my leash. I&#8217;m gasping for air as I swallow as rapidly as I can and pull more of Erin&#8217;s shit out of my nose and eat it. Goddess Phyllis is chuckling. �How are you doin, Shit boy?� �I&#8217;m trying my best, Goddess Phyllis, I really am,� I croak from a shit filled throat. �You&#8217;re doing well, Shit boy,� compliments Goddess Phyllis. �Let&#8217;s do it again!� Goddess Phyllis pushes my head back into the panties and pushes fat Erin back down on my head. As Erin is moving around, my world turns brown again. I&#8217;m swallowing as much as possible as there is no way to breathe through my nose. Again I begin suffocating and violently flailing my arms. Goddess Phyllis pulls my head up as I snort a load of shit up my nose and down my throat. As I suck in a huge gulp of air, with a corresponding big lump of shit going down my throat, Goddess Phyllis speaks. �Fat Erin, take those panties off, being careful not too spill any shit out of them. Shit boy is going to finish the job holding the panties as we all watch him eat.� Erin removes the panties. �Give them to Shit boy and join us here sitting on the bed.� I take the panties from Erin and wait until she takes her place on the bed. From left to right as I see them are Mistress Karen, Mistress Elly, Goddess Phyllis and fat Erin. I hold the panties up to my mouth and begin taking big bites, swallowing as fast as possible. The four women are watching me devouring the shit as Goddess Phyllis says, �Look at him, girls. See how he loves to eat shit. He is a true shit boy. And look at his hard on!� I did not even realize how hard my cock was or how much it was throbbing. I was finishing up eating the actual shit from the panties and was now sucking the fabric, attempting to clean all of the stains out of it and doing a decent job. �Shit boy, toss those aside and kneel in front of me.� I toss aside the panties and move over so that I am in front of Goddess Phyllis. �Look how his cock throbs, girls,� says Goddess Phyllis. �I think I can make him come without any direct cock stimulation.� Mommy looks at Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, that is difficult, but I think that you have him so well trained that you can make it happen. Oh Goddess Phyllis, you are making my pussy so wet.� Goddess Phyllis looks at the widening wet spot under where her mommy is sitting. �We&#8217;ll all come soon enough, Mommy. Hang on.� Goddess Phyllis turns her attention back to me. �Stand.� I stand up and Goddess Phyllis does also. �Shit boy, you are going to come when I order you to; voice control only, no touching.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� �Look at these ladies looking at you and laughing at you. You&#8217;ve eaten their shit, each and every one of them. Most have fucked you and you love it. Now, you will perform the difficult task of coming without any touching of your cock.� Just hearing the way Goddess Phyllis is talking is making me throb even more, just as Goddess Phyllis knew it would. Goddess Phyllis comes into my line of vision and I see her insert a finger in her pussy. Goddess Phyllis holds it under my nose and rubs it on my lips. Her scent. The intoxicating scent of Goddess Phyllis. My cock is ready to explode. My eyes follow Goddess Phyllis as she moves a little to her left and inserts a finger into her ass. She puts the finger under my nose and the scent makes my senses start reeling. When Goddess Phyllis reinserts the finger in her ass, puts it in my mouth, and says the word �Come�, it is more than I can bear. I somehow have the presence of mind to put my hands in front of my cock as I begin to shoot a load of come. A huge load, and I am continuing to come. My body is swaying, but I manage to stay on my feet and catch all of my come in my hands. �Eat it all up, Shit boy. This is your reward for being so good. You get to come by voice command and eat it up afterwards. Now girls, here&#8217;s what we&#8217;ll do. Daisychain time. Mommy, I want you to suck my pussy while I try out Erin. Erin, you suck Baby and Baby, you get to suck Mommy. Ok? Let&#8217;s go!�











Chapter 5 Rebecca and The Judge&#8217;s Wife

The judge spent the days after his time with Goddess Phyllis feeling like he always he always did; drained, satisfied but yet somewhat guilty. He did love Elena, his wife of forty years, and he knew she deserved better. His impotence with Elena was due to his long affair with Goddess Phyllis. What was to be a one night fling turned into a life changing event. And poor old judge didn&#8217;t even know that the worst-best?- was yet to come.

Elena had long suspected that the judge was having an affair, and when it didn&#8217;t seem to end after several years of very patient waiting, she hired private detective Tom Spencer to find out where he was going at night. The detective followed the judge to a house he knew quite well; the mansion of Goddess Phyllis. He had performed various services for Goddess Phyllis in the past and he knew what needed to be done. Spencer thought about it for a couple of days, wondering if he should request a specific price for this info. Tom wisely decided that would be disrespectful and that he better not. He called the �special� number only to be used in emergencies. I ran to answer the phone; one of the less degrading acts that I was trained to perform but as unpleasant as any. The caller identified himself as Dickface Tracy and said he had urgent news for Goddess Phyllis.

I approached the bed rather nervously and could hear that the licking and slurping had only picked up in intensity. Goddess Phyllis noticed me first as she was taking a break from sucking Erin&#8217;s pussy. �You better have good reason to approach without permission,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis,� I spoke in a humble but calm voice, �the person on the phone says he is Dickface Tracy and he has urgent news for you.� Goddess Phyllis laughed. She had given former NYPD lieutenant and now private investigator Tom Spencer �Dickface Tracy� due to the many times she forced him to suck another man&#8217;s cock. Tracy wasn&#8217;t gay and didn&#8217;t like sucking cock, but like all of us, he did whatever Goddess Phyllis said. �Bring me the phone,� said Goddess Phyllis, reluctantly leaving the soft white folds of flesh that were fat Erin&#8217;s thighs to sit up. Mistress Elly sadly watched her daughter&#8217;s golden pussy leave her mouth. I scurried back to the phone and scurried even faster to bring the phone to Goddess Phyllis. She listened to Dickface and I could see that she liked what she was hearing. Goddess Phyllis says, �Dickface, you&#8217;re a good boy. Give all of the wife&#8217;s contact info to my assistant, Shit boy, and I&#8217;ll be in touch in a few days to tell you your reward.� Goddess Phyllis hands the phone to me and goes back to sucking chubby Erin&#8217;s wet pussy and fingering her ass while plotting what to do with the information she has just received. I write down the name and other details about a woman who is the judge&#8217;s wife, thank Dickface Tracy for his call, ignored his question about who I am, and hung up.

Goddess Phyllis declared an end to the daisy chain ass and pussy sucking party. �Mommy, Baby, it appears that the judge&#8217;s wife has grown suspicious and is having him followed. Fortunately for her and her husband, she hired Dickface to follow him.� Baby and Elly smiled, knowing that Goddess Phyllis had a plan. Goddess Phyllis continued, �I&#8217;m going to send Rebecca to pay the judge&#8217;s wife...what her name, Shit boy?� �Elena, Goddess Phyllis,� I respond immediately. �Yes, Elena will be visited by Rebecca under the guise that she is the detective&#8217;s assistant and is going to give her a briefing. But we know what Rebecca does best. She&#8217;ll give Elena a �briefing� that&#8217;ll leave her unable to walk for several days. We&#8217;ll have it coincide with the judge&#8217;s next visit; we can set up web cams and have the judge and his wife watch each other getting fucked.�

Rebecca is a twenty-two year old light skinned black beauty. She is barely five feet tall and about ninety-five pounds, and can pass as a teenager if she dresses for it. Rebecca possesses the face of an angel, but her heart is devilish. Rebecca loves causing pain in others. She is expert in the art of using needles and is Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s personal piercer. Rebecca can cause much pain with her needles, and also with anything else that she thinks of.&nbsp; In future chapters, I&#8217;ll explain about Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s stable of eight gorgeous ladies that lie in wait awaiting their time to serve the Goddess, pleasuring themselves until such time comes. Rebecca was discovered by one of these beauties, another black lady named Angel, nick-named �Little Miss Perfect Ass� by Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis tutored Rebecca in some of the finer points of domination, and soon Rebecca was ready to be turned loose. Her first mission involved seducing the lesbian principal of a private high school, a task she accomplished incredibly well with help from a discovery of her own, fourteen year old Chemaine. But this is for later. Now, Rebecca receives a phone call from Goddess Phyllis herself and a tingle goes down her spine and right into her pussy. Goddess Phyllis gives Rebecca the details and the goal of the mission: seduce and subjugate the woman completely and be ready to bring her over to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mansion when called upon. Goddess Phyllis planned to reunite the judge and his wife and offer them the opportunity to renew their marriage, with the judge once again potent, but under the control of his wife. And they would still be able to visit Goddess Phyllis also. This incredible offer did not come cheaply, however. Tracy&#8217;s report included the financial info that Goddess Phyllis always found quite valuable. It turns out that Elena is quite wealthy, coming from a family of �old money� and lots of it. Would Elena pay fifty million dollars to gain back her husband as a submissive wimp? It was a small percentage of her wealth, and the judge had a hefty portfolio, although Goddess Phyllis had caused it to be lightened over the years. Goddess Phyllis felt confident that she could get Elena to pay the price. Yes, quite confident. She set up the judge&#8217;s visit and Rebecca set the meeting with Elena.

Rebecca showed up promptly at 8 just as the judge was arriving at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s palace. Rebecca was quite impressed with the stately mansion that the judge and Elena had. Yeah, they must have a shitload of money, and Goddess Phyllis was gonna get her fair share, thought Rebecca. She rang the doorbell and waited. Inside, Elena hurried to the door, anxious to hear what information the detective&#8217;s �assistant� had for her. All of the household help had been given the night off. Opening the door, Elena is a bit surprised by the youthful appearance of Rebecca, but Rebecca ignores that and walks right in. Elena closes the door and hurries to catch up with this little angelic cutie. Elena has short gray hair and a nice, lithe body. She is also quite horny due to lack of sex and is somewhat turned on by this young beauty.&nbsp; �How about if we sit in the library, Rebecca?� asks Elena. Rebecca gives her a hard stare and Elena feels her blood run cold. The stare becomes a cute little smile and Rebecca says, �Sure, the library will be perfect. I have some photos and some video to show you.� Elena opens the door to the beautifully furnished library and Rebecca again leads the way in and heads over to a large, empty table. She reaches into her shoulder bag and takes out a laptop and a manila folder. Inside the folder are a bunch of 8x10 glossies, as the saying goes, or used to. �Look at these, Elena,� orders Rebecca. Elena&#8217;s draw drops as she sees the first series of photos; her husband sucking on a man&#8217;s cock. The next group showed the judge with his rock hard cock in a man&#8217;s, well, my ass, and I can&#8217;t refer to my self as a man. The third group of pictures had the judge with someone&#8217;s hand on his cock and other hand up his ass and the judge was shooting a load. The final group had the judge licking his come off of the �man&#8217;s� ass. Elena was so stunned she was actually wobbly. Not only did she think that the judge was impotent, but to see him performing gay acts? She was flabbergasted. 

Rebecca was watching Elena&#8217;s reaction quite closely, particularly between her legs. Elena was wearing white stretch pants with a sweatshirt, and Becca could see a small dark area forming on Elena&#8217;s crotch. Becca moved next to Elena and put an arm around her waist. Elena looked at Becca and felt a hand behind her head, pulling her close to this beautiful young girl. Elena offered no resistance and Rebecca kissed her firmly and sensually on the mouth. Elena was surprised, but the stronger emotion, the one that was winning, was desire. She didn&#8217;t know if it was the photos of her husband sucking cock or what, but this little girl was turning her on like she hadn&#8217;t been turned on in years. Rebecca put her hand on Elena&#8217;s wetness and squeezed her crotch. She could tell that Elena was close to coming. Rather than let her come so soon, Becca broke the kiss and gave Elena a slap on the face. �You didn&#8217;t want to come until you are really ready, did you, Elena?� asks Rebecca. �No, I guess not, Rebecca.� This drew another slap in the face for Elena. �You will refer to me a Mistress Rebecca from now on, understood?� �Yes, Mistress Rebecca,� says Elena. Becca smiled. This was going to be even easier than she previously thought. �Take your pants off, Elena, and be quick about it!� Elena moved immediately to obey and had her pants off in a flash and her wet underwear was right behind it. �Look at those panties, Elena. Why are they so wet? Do you like seeing you husband sucking cock?� Elena turned red. �It is partly that, but mainly it is because I&#8217;m so turned on by you.� Rebecca smiled. �Little me?� she asked as she took her own pants off and revealed her bald, beautiful, brown little pussy. �Ohh,� moaned Elena, as Becca put a finger in her slit and gave Elena a taste of the wetness. �My god, Mistress Rebecca, you are delicious.� �Thank you, Elena, but I know that. Now lean over the back of the couch. I&#8217;m going to inspect your asshole.� Elena moved to the couch as instructed and leaned over. She remained in that position for a few minutes as Rebecca strapped on her favorite dildo and got the computer ready for the two way video relay with Goddess Phyllis and the judge.

Rebecca could see Elly in the monitor and Elly&#8217;s waving of her tit indicated that she could see Becca. Rebecca headed over to Elena and rubbed Elena&#8217;s asshole with a tiny amount of lube. Before Elena knew what was happening, Rebecca was ramming all fourteen inches of plastic phallus into Elena&#8217;s sixty-two year old virgin asshole. Rebecca began a rhythmic in out, up and down, side to side motion that had Elena flopping around like a rag doll. She moved Elena around so that Elena had a good view of the computer. In the monitor, Elena could see her husband with his face close to my ass. I had been given a suppository a short while before and was ready to drop a nice load of shit. Goddess Phyllis walked into the camera&#8217;s field of vision. �Hello, Elena, I&#8217;m Goddess Phyllis. I&#8217;m the person who stole your husband&#8217;s heart, mind, and cock. How are you tonight?� Elena looked at this beauty in the monitor and could understand why her husband was in the position he was in. She was stunning, sensual, seductive and just plan gorgeous. Elena attempted to speak as Rebecca continued her ferocious assault on her ass. �I&#8217;m fine, Goddess Phyllis, thank you.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Looks like you&#8217;re getting a damn fine assfucking. Is that the case?� Elena moaned as Rebecca plunged especially deep into her rectum. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� moaned Elena. �Watch your husband eat my shit boy&#8217;s shit. Shit boy is the lowest of the low, eating shit for anyone and everyone we tell him to. Your husband eating his shit puts him even below Shit boy on the human scale; a place I never thought existed. Ok, Shit boy, drop a load.� Hearing my master&#8217;s voice, I could do nothing but comply. I relaxed my sphincter and could feel my loosened stool come sliding out of my ass. Goddess Phyllis looked at me approvingly and said, �Judge, start eating!� The judge began eating my shit with much gusto as his wife looked on with horror. Goddess Phyllis looked into the monitor and asked, �How do you like it Elena? Does it turn you on to see your husband eat shit from a lowly scum-licking shit boy?� As Rebecca continued her anal assault, Elena moaned, Yes, Goddess Phyllis, yes, I love to see my husband eat shit.� �That is good, Elena,� said Goddess Phyllis. �When Rebecca brings you over here in a little while, you will have a chance to eat shit too. Does that excite you, too?� Elena uttered the words that told Rebecca her work was done; �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� Rebecca increased the intensity of the fucking to the point where Elena was moaning and babbling like an idiot. Goddess Phyllis was enjoying this immensely, but important business lie ahead. �Rebecca,� said Goddess Phyllis into the computer&#8217;s microphone, �Don&#8217;t let her come. Ease off the fucking and bring her over here.� Rebecca felt a twinge of disappointment but didn&#8217;t let it show. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Rebecca. Becca slowed down her pace until she could pull out without the need to stop. Becca stood up and slipped a collar around Elena&#8217;s neck. She lifted Elena up and slapped her back down onto the floor. �Get dressed, you lucky cunt. You are going to meet Goddess Phyllis.� Elena looks at the clothes on the floor. �Put on the pants and blouse. That&#8217;s all you need, bitch. Now move it!� Elena put on the pants with the wet crotch and her blouse, and Rebecca looked her over. �You&#8217;re a bit of a mess, but you&#8217;ll look better if your crotch gets wetter. Can you make it wetter?� queried Becca as she put on her one piece little dress. Watching Rebecca get dressed was making Elena, already quite hot from learning the joys of ass fucking, even hotter. Bec smiled as the wet spot grew right before her very eyes. She knew that this woman was hers, or Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s, to be more precise.

Rebecca drove Elena&#8217;s Lincoln Navigator, enjoying the ride as she watched Elena fingering her ass as they drove. Becca thought that she should have this car, and she told Elena so. �Yes, you should, Mistress Rebecca. I&#8217;ll sign over the title as soon as I get back home.� Yes, you will, thought Rebecca, but she also knew that giving away a car is the smallest price to be paid tonight. Rebecca pulled into the long, curved driveway and pulled Elena by her collar to the door. She rang the doorbell, and I scurried to answer. I immediately dropped to my knees and said, �Welcome, Mistress Rebecca.� �You must be Shit boy,� she replied. �Bring me to your master.� As I crawled back toward the room where Goddess Phyllis and the judge were, I could feel Rebecca looking at me. �You have shit on your ass cheek, Shit boy. Are you always this sloppy?� �No, Mistress Rebecca,� I replied. �The judge hasn&#8217;t finished eating me clean.� We entered the room and Elena was greeted by the sight of her husband on his hands and knees eating my shit off the floor. �Turn around, judge,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. As the judge turned and saw his wife, he was so stunned that he fell to his side. Goddess Phyllis would tolerate none of this. �Kneel before your wife, judge!� ordered Goddess Phyllis. The judge complied as he always did. �Kiss her feet.� Again, he did. �Stand up and show her your hard cock.� The judge stood up and Elena was amazed to see her husband cock swelling to complete hardness, a sight she had not seen for years. Goddess Phyllis looked at the crotch of Elena; the entire front area was wet. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Look at Elena&#8217;s crotch. You didn&#8217;t pee yourself, did you?� Elena looked at her own crotch and could see for the first time how wet she was. She had never in her life had such a need for an orgasm. First darling Rebecca and now Goddess Phyllis. �Elena, would you rather suck your hubbie&#8217;s cock or lick Rebecca&#8217;s pussy? asked Goddess Phyllis. �Oh Goddess Phyllis, please, I am dying to lick Mistress Rebecca&#8217;s pussy.� �And I&#8217;d like the old cunt&#8217;s tongue in my hole,� said Rebecca. Goddess Phyllis laughed. �Well, go ahead, Elena, taste the magnificence of Mistress Rebecca,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca sat on the couch and spread her legs wide. I was close enough to get a good view. Rebecca had a pussy as smooth as a baby. I watched as she spread her lips apart and inserted her index finger and put it in her mouth. �Mmmm, I am delicious. You better crawl here quickly, Elena, or I&#8217;ll have shit boy service me. I hear tell he has a fine mouth.� Elena scurried over like a dog and gazed with wonder at the sight before her. She had never licked pussy before, but she knew what she would want done, so Elena began by licking slowly up and down Rebecca&#8217;s slit. She kissed it all over and inserted her tongue as one would tongue kiss a mouth. Rebecca spread her hood, revealing her cute little clit. �Suck me here,� said Rebecca, pointing the clitoris. Elena sucked it with her lips and rubbed her tongue around it. Rebecca moaned with delight. �Keep doing that,� ordered Rebecca. Elena was only too happy to comply. She kept licking and sucking as Rebecca guided Elena&#8217;s head. Rebecca felt her lust building until she grabbed Elena&#8217;s hair and pulled her head tight to her cunt and came in Elena&#8217;s mouth. Rebecca was able to ejaculate a small amount, but that long with her other natural secretions gave a nice mouthful of come for Elena. �Nice sucking, old cunt,� said Rebecca. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Elena, you must be quite hot.� �Oh, Goddess Phyllis, I am hotter than I have ever been in my life.� �Judge, look at your wife&#8217;s crotch. See how wet she is. Should I allow her to come? asked Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I am unable to answer that question. It requires thought, and I am unable to think while in your presence,� said the judge meekly. �Yes, you are useless, judge. What do you think of your husband now, Elena? Proud of him?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Elena looked at her husband of forty years on his hands and knees, mouth covered with shit, unable to answer a question, and just shook her head. �Goddess Phyllis, he disgusts me.� �Good answer, Elena. Shit boy, take the judge here into the next room. If you need to pee or shit some more, you can use the judge&#8217;s mouth for a toilet. But nothing else.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� the judge and I both answer.

Goddess Phyllis calls her mommy into the room. �Mommy, this is Elena, the judge&#8217;s wife. Elena, this is Mistress Elly, my mommy.� Elena kneels down and says, �it is a pleasure to meet you, Mistress Elly.� Elly bends over and grabs Elena under her chin and lifts her up. Elena is stunned with this show of strength. Elly lowers her so that they are face to face and says, �Do you mean an honor or a pleasure?� Elena is a bit flustered and unsure of what to say. �It is an honor, to be sure, but also a distinct pleasure, Mistress Elly,� says Elena as Elly&#8217; grip on her jaw lightens. �You answered well, lady,� said Elly. Goddess Phyllis looks at her mommy. �Set her on the couch next to Rebecca,� orders Goddess Phyllis. Elly does this, and Goddess Phyllis sits down next to her and puts her arm around Elena. �Mommy, get on all fours and show us your new asshole.� Elly gets down and reaches behind with both hands as she rests her head on the floor and spreads her cheeks. �Wow,� gasps Rebecca. Elena says nothing but sits with her jaw agape. She wonders what her own hole looks like after the fucking that Rebecca had given her. Could it be as big as this was? �Who fucked her, Goddess Phyllis?� asked Rebecca. �Silly girl, nobody fucks my mommy but me and Baby. Didn&#8217;t we do a fine job?� �Absolutely,� gushes Becca, �I&#8217;d love to have a chance to suck it!� �I bet you&#8217;d love to fuck it, too,� laughs Goddess Phyllis. �Positively!� laughs Rebecca. �Well,� says Goddess Phyllis, �get down and lick that hole!� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� says Rebecca as she shoots down onto her knees and buries her face in Elly&#8217;s large and lovely ass. Goddess Phyllis turns and looks at Elena, who has been trembling since Goddess Phyllis sat down and put her arm around her. �What are you feeling, Elena?� asks Goddess Phyllis. �I�I�I don&#8217;t know. My cunt is on fire and leaking like never before, my head is spinning, and my ass is throbbing from the fucking I had earlier.� Goddess Phyllis was pleased with this answer. �Elena, you have been through a lot in a short period. You&#8217;ve learned that your husband is a slut, you&#8217;ve been fucked in the ass, you&#8217;ve sucked some of the best pussy alive�.it&#8217;s been some day.� Elena nodded. Goddess Phyllis was ready for the pitch. She leaned closer to Elena and laid a hand on her sopping crotch. �Elena, look at me.� Elena stared into those baby blue eyes of Goddess Phyllis. �I can give you your husband back. I can transfer my control to you so that he will obey you as he obeys me. You will be able to control his cock. You will be able to fuck him in the ass. You can make him eat your shit. I can teach you how to seduce any woman you want, and your husband will eat their shit, too. And they will do whatever you tell them to. Wouldn&#8217;t you like control like that?� Goddess Phyllis awaited her response. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Elena, �I didn&#8217;t think that was possible, but if you say it is, then it is. I would love that very much.� Elena&#8217;s cunt was throbbing wildly now. Incredibly, the wet spot on her crotch was now covering her thighs and up to the midriff area. Goddess Phyllis noted this as she continued. �Elena, this can be done. I&#8217;ve done it before. Now, listen carefully. This is a one time offer. If you do not accept, I will ruin your husband for life, and expose both of you as shit eating child molesting perverts. You&#8217;ll both rot in jail. Or you can become a mistress, controlling hubby dearest and seducing anyone you want, male or female. Which is it?� Elena knew what she wanted. �I&#8217;d like to learn from you, Goddess Phyllis. I&#8217;d like to learn whatever you will teach me.� This was, of course, the answer that Goddess Phyllis expected. �Elena, I&#8217;ve seen your portfolio and know how wealthy you are. This whole process, including unlimited follow up as well as social visits with me, will cost you fifty million dollars. You will go online now and transfer the money from your Swiss banking account to mine. Agreed?� Elena has two thoughts spinning in her head; one of how much her cunt was throbbing and something needs to be done about that. The other is about the fifty million. That&#8217;s a lot of money, she thinks, but she can afford it. She knows her total wealth is close to three quarters of a billion. Of the two thoughts, the throbbing cunt is more powerful. �Agreed, Goddess Phyllis. May I ask that you accept seventy-five million instead of fifty? I&#8217;d like to offer an additional sum as a show of respect for you.� Goddess Phyllis was very pleased. �I accept the seventy-five million. Rebecca, take Elena to the computer and make the connection with the Swiss bank. Elena, you&#8217;re only minutes away from your orgasm, and I might even eat you myself. Or I might not. But, let&#8217;s get the business taken care of!� 










Chapter 6 Teaching Elena

Rebecca and Elena took care of the money transfer with the speed that came with people having more overriding desires. Rebecca was yearning to put on her strap-on and fuck somebody, anybody. She preferred giving it to Elly but doubted that Goddess Phyllis would permit it. Maybe that new friend of Karen? That would be fun. Elena, for her part, was in a fog. In all of her years on this planet, she never dreamt that she could be so hot. She could smell her pussy as her juices soaked her stretch pants pretty thoroughly and she yearned for release. She touched her crotch, but Rebecca noticed and warned her not to do that. �You must understand, Elena, that in this reality, you do not have control of your body. Only Goddess Phyllis does. I couldn&#8217;t play with myself either without permission. When in the presence of Goddess Phyllis, orgasms are with permission only.� Elena nodded. �I understand, Mistress Rebecca. I hope to learn a lot from Goddess Phyllis and anyone else that she has training me.� �Keep your mind open and obey all commands instantly and you will be fine, Elena,� said Becca.

The judge and I did not do much talking while we waited for whatever was to come next. I needed to pee and I enjoyed having the judge kneel before me and take my cock in his mouth while I released my stream. I felt superior to him; even though I was a shit eater and piss drinker, at least I got to do it with beautiful women and not shit eating man-whores.

Goddess Phyllis explained to her mommy, sister Baby and girlfriend Erin what their roles were. Elena would practice by seducing Erin and fucking her plump ass. She would fuck the judge, and then work on some pussy licking with all of them. Of course, Elena would need to get fucked in her ass, and Elly and Rebecca would handle that. But the first order of business was to give Elena that much needed orgasm, and this would be done in the manner in which all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls had their first orgasms in Her presence; kneeling before Goddess Phyllis with a piece of Her shit in their mouth, touching their own clits and having a divine orgasm. Goddess Phyllis had Baby get a piece out of the refrigerator; Goddess Phyllis kept a supply in the fridge for special emergencies like this; her shit was in great demand and it was really tough for the supply to keep up with it. 

Rebecca and Elena returned, having concluded their financial transaction. Goddess Phyllis was now seventy-five million dollars richer. �Stand in front of me, Elena,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Elena immediately complies. �Take off those sopping pants of yours!� Elena struggles out of her pants. Wet was no longer a suitable word; soaked was more like it. �Mommy, bring the judge and shit boy back from the other room.� Elly quickly obeys the command of her magnificent daughter and is back with the two of us at the same time that Baby comes back with a nugget of gold, actually a piece of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s shit, on a plate. �Mommy, put a butt plug in shit boy&#8217;s ass. A big one. Rebecca, strap on a nice one and fuck the judge. But first, Elena wants her nipples pierced, so get your needles.� Goddess Phyllis was in full command as Elly picked out the biggest butt plug they had and Becca got her piercing kit. I was on all fours as Mistress Elly shoved the plug into my stretched asshole so hard that it knocked me over. This drew some chuckles from Goddess Phyllis and Baby. Becca had her strap-on sticking out a proud fourteen inched in front of her as she approached Elena. �This is going to hurt, Elena. I insert the needle very slowly to cause maximum pain,� explained Rebecca. �Elena, hold your right tit up for me,� said Rebecca as she sat down to permit Goddess Phyllis and the rest a better view. Elena held her tit with both hands as Becca began slowly inserting the needle into the nipple, very slowly pushing it through, twirling it as she went. Elena stifled her moans as she felt her pussy still leaking juice down her thighs. Becca pulled the needle all the way through and then inserted a medium sized ring through the freshly made hole. �Now the other one, Elena,� ordered Rebecca. Elena presents her left tit to Mistress Rebecca and Becca repeats the process even more slowly than before. Elena is really struggling to keep from screaming as the pain is growing in both nipples, but Becca applies a nice, soothing ointment and the pain subsides. 

�Nice work, as always, Rebecca,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Now Elena, on your knees in front of me.� Elena assumes the position as Goddess Phyllis takes the plate with the nugget on it from Baby. �Take this and put it in your mouth, but do not chew or swallow until ordered.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elena as she takes the smallish lump of shit from the plate and puts it in her mouth. �Now, Elena, as you suck on that delicious treat in your mouth, you will squeeze your clit and come when I tell you. Now squeeze your clit!� Elena quickly brought her hand between her legs and squeezed her clit once, then twice. It felt so good, she thought she could come in a second. She kept squeezing as her juices were dripping all over her hand. �Now, Elena, come!� commanded Goddess Phyllis. As the mmm sound barely finished blowing past Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s sweet lips, Elena had the most powerful orgasm of her life. Her entire body was shaking and rocking back and forth and her pussy was literally dripping come as if she was peeing. �You can chew and swallow my shit now,� says Goddess Phyllis. Elena begins biting the delectable turd as she continues keeping her hand on her clit and the orgasm continues. Elena loses her balance and falls on her side, still coming, her entire body now quivering and trembling. Elly and Baby look on and smile knowingly, having seen this type of mind blowing orgasm many times before. Erin, on the other hand, is somewhat in awe and very excited. Finally, the orgasm subsides and Elena passes out. 

Elena wakes up sitting on the couch with Goddess Phyllis next to her, her arm around Elena&#8217;s shoulder. In front of her is her husband, on his knees with a pained look on his face. This is due to the small, beautiful girl wearing the big, hard dildo who is fucking his ass as hard as anyone. Rebecca loved using her strap-on and she was quite good. She plowed into the judge relentlessly as Goddess Phyllis and Elena looked on. �Elena, look at his face. He loves getting fucked in the ass. Don&#8217;t you, judge?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied the judge in a strained voice. �Elena, put on these panties,� said Goddess Phyllis, handing her a pair of those sheer gray panties that seemed to be in abundance. Elena put them on. �Now, shit in them,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Elena had been given a suppository when she was passed out and had no trouble complying. She shit her panties, and it felt so good, so very nice and warm. �Go over by the mirror and lean on the back of the couch,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. Elena did as instructed. Rebecca fucked the judge in the direction of his wife; a funny sight to see this small young beauty severely fucking this old guy as he is trying to walk over to his wife and her shit filled panties. �Nice Becca,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Mommy, you take over now and do the judge like you did shit boy with Erin.� Elly puts on the mammoth fourteen incher and walks over to the judge, pausing to exchange a kiss with Rebecca. Elly enters the judge and plunges the rubber cock deep into the judge&#8217;s ass as she wraps her arms around his waist and lifts him up. Grabbing him by his collar, Elly guides his head to his wife&#8217;s ass. Goddess Phyllis walks over and pulls Elena&#8217;s panties down to her thighs, exposing her shit covered ass. Elly yanks the judge&#8217;s head toward Elena&#8217;s ass and the judge begins licking the shit off of it. Elly withdraws the dildo and rams it back in, causing the judge&#8217;s face to be buried in Elena&#8217;s very shitty ass. I know from my experience what a suffocating feeling this is. Elly pulls his head back to give the judge a chance to suck some of the shit down his throat and sinuses, and then withdraws the dildo halfway before plunging it back in. Again, the judge is drowning in shit until his head is yanked back. Elena is watching this action in the mirror and is again getting incredibly hot. �How do you like your wife&#8217;s shit, judge?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �You&#8217;re going to be eating it for the rest of your life.� �It is delicious, Goddess Phyllis, thank you for letting me have it.� �And what do you say to your wife?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Thank you, Mistress Elena for also allowing me this pleasure,� says the judge. This was the first time that anyone had referred to Elena as Mistress, and the sound of it made her cunt tingle. The judge finishes cleaning Elena&#8217;s ass; I have a good idea of what will come next and I can&#8217;t wait to see it. Elly pulls up on the judge&#8217;s head and waits for Goddess Phyllis. �Clean the shit out of Mistress Elena&#8217;s panties, judgey,� says the Goddess. As the judge begins lowering his head down into Elena&#8217;s panties, Goddess Phyllis pushes Elena down on her husbands head, smooshing his face into the shit filled panties. Elly waits until the judge starts squirming and pulls his head up. His entire face is covered with shit. Elena feels like she can come at any second at the sight of this. Goddess Phyllis is looking at Elena&#8217;s pussy and smiling. �You&#8217;re actually dripping, Elena,� says Goddess Phyllis. �How does your cunt feel?� �Like it is ready to explode, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elena. �Wait for my command.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� moans Elena as Elly pushes the judge&#8217;s head back into the panties. The judge is eating it all up when Goddess Phyllis says �Take the panties off, Elena, so that the judge can suck them clean.� Elena pulls the panties the rest of the way off and hands them to the judge who takes them and starts sucking on them. �Suck it thoroughly or I&#8217;ll step on your balls,� says Elena in a domineering tone, bringing a smile to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s lovely lips. Elena is learning fast, she thinks. The judge&#8217;s cock is throbbing as he finishes sucking his wife and master&#8217;s panties. 

�Elena, go over to Erin and seduce her. Tell her you want to fuck her fat ass and then suck her fat pussy,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elena, repeating the mantra that we all say many, many times a day. Goddess Phyllis hands Elena a strap-on as Elena walks toward Erin while Elly continues to pound the judge&#8217;s ass. �Baby, come here and take over fucking his ass so that mommy can take a break,� orders Goddess Phyllis. Baby trots on over. �Thanks, Phyl, I&#8217;m going to fuck him hard.� Elly hands her other daughter the strap-on; Baby puts it on, places the head at the judges stretched out asshole opening and plunges it in, fast and deep. Elena hears her husband let out an �ohh� as she nears the bed and big Erin. �Hi Erin,� says Elena. �Hi,� echoes Erin. Elena straps on the cock and stands in front of Erin with her hands on her hips and the cock sticking out in front. �Erin, I want this in your ass, and I want it in there now. Get on your hands and knees for me.� Erin looks at her and says (as she was told to say) �I&#8217;m a bit sore. Maybe later.� Elena takes a step forward and grabs both of Erin&#8217;s nipples and twists. �Don&#8217;t even think about resisting me, fatso. I have the authority of Goddess Phyllis backing me.� Elena twists even harder as Erin&#8217;s face scrunches in pain. �I apologize, Mistress Elena,� says Erin as she gets on all fours. Elena climbs onto the massive bed, positions herself behind the big, beautiful ass of Erin and places the head of the cock at the tip of Erin&#8217;s hole. �Please, a little lube, Mistress Elena,� says Erin in a small voice. Elena looks toward Goddess Phyllis who nods yes and points to her pussy. Elena understands and takes some of the abundant juice from her own dripping cunt and coats the rubber dick. She pushes and feels it sliding nicely into Erin&#8217;s ass. Using Rebecca as her inspiration and model, Elena pushes in and pulls out in an increasingly rapid manner, causing Erin to moan pleasantly. Goddess Phyllis is watching and smiling approvingly. Yes, Elena is a fast learner indeed. Elena continues the fucking as Goddess Phyllis walks over. �Nice Elena, now do it faster!� Elena picks up the pace as Goddess Phyllis reaches between Erin&#8217;s thighs, locates the clit and squeezes it. After a couple of squeezes, Goddess Phyllis says �Come, Erin� and Erin has no trouble obeying this command. �Oh, oh, ooohhhh,� moans Erin as she has a tremendous orgasm as Elena continues the fucking but slows it down in time with Erin&#8217;s trembles and the tremors and the fucking stop at the same time. Elena pushes Erin head first into the pillow and hops off the bed, kneeling in front of Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, that was so much fun and it made my cunt so very, very hot.� �You have a really juicy cunt, Elena,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Lay down on the bed. Erin, get off and crawl over to where the other girls are.� As always, Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s commands are obeyed. Goddess Phyllis lies down next to Elena, leans over and kisses her flush on the lips. Elena feels like her brain will explode from the Goddess&#8217;s kiss. Goddess Phyllis puts her hand between Elena&#8217;s legs and with a single squeeze of the clit gives Elena another powerful orgasm. 










Chapter 7 The Contest

As Baby continued fucking the judge&#8217;s ass, Goddess Phyllis and Elena returned to the room. �Elena, you&#8217;re going to make the judge come. We&#8217;ll have him lie on his back. You insert your left hand up his ass while you jerk his cock with your right. A little pressure on the prostate will ensure a nice, draining orgasm,� explained Goddess Phyllis. Baby pulled out of the judge&#8217;s ass as Erin, Rebecca, Elly and I looked on in admiration. Elena had put on a new pair of the gray, sheer panties and the crotch was already soaked. �Elena, his hole looks big enough for you to fist him. Rather than a few fingers at a time, I want you to make a fist, get it nice and wet with some of that pussy juice that flows from you, and punch it right up hubby&#8217;s ass. Can you do that?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I can,� Elena said confidently. She felt she could do anything, such is the power that Goddess Phyllis has instilled in her. Elena sticks her fist in her panties and rubs it all around her sopping slit, getting it all nice and lubed up but being careful not to actually enter her cunt. That would violate one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cardinal rules which I have neglected to mention: pussies are for sucking, asses are for fucking. Elena lines her fist up with the judge&#8217;s well-fucked asshole, pulls back and punches. She gets her fist in on the first try, a tribute to just how juicy her cunt is and how big the judge&#8217;s hole is. The judge cannot stifle a sort of combination moan and groan, earning him a knee to the cheek from his beloved wife. �Shut your pitiful mouth, you shit eating piece of crap,� says Elena as she begins jerking her husband&#8217;s cock. She is fist fucking and jerking him rather brusquely and her panties are getting good and wet. 

The shit eating comment gave Goddess Phyllis a great idea. The night would be finished off with a shit eating contest between me and the judge. Goddess Phyllis looked around. None of her girls had taken a crap recently, so they could all contribute, but it wouldn&#8217;t be enough for a good contest. But if Elly had her pals come over, like Babe, Ellie, Dawn and maybe one or two others, there would be plenty of shit for a really good show. Goddess Phyllis gave Elly her instructions and Elly went off to make the necessary phone calls and arrangements.

Meanwhile, Elena was pumping the judge&#8217;s ass and jerking his cock with reckless abandon, impressing even Goddess Phyllis. Sensing that the coming was near, Goddess Phyllis summoned Baby over. �Pull his legs back far enough so that he&#8217;ll shoot his come right into his mouth,� says Goddess Phyllis to Baby. Baby stands on the judge&#8217;s shoulders and pulls back on his legs as Elena aims her husbands cock at his own mouth. She squeezes his cock and presses her fist on his prostate and the judge explodes, sending a torrent of come into his mouth. �Don&#8217;t swallow it yet, judge,� says Baby. �Yes, keep it in your mouth until I tell you to swallow,� adds Elena. Again, Goddess Phyllis is impressed with how quickly Elena picks up on these dominating techniques. Elena keeps jerking her husband&#8217;s cock and he keeps shooting into his mouth, finally in diminishing amounts until only a few drops glisten off the head of his now growing limp cock. Elena squeezes this last bit out of him, looks down at her drained husband, looks at Goddess Phyllis and asks her if he can swallow. �Have him spit the come into this bowl,� says Goddess Phyllis, offering her a bowl that I have drunk out of several times. �Add some pee to his come then have him drink it.� A big grin spreads across Elena&#8217;s face. �Spit your come into this bowl, shit mouth,� says Elena commandingly. The judge complies, and Elena squats over the come filled bowl and lets out a hot yellow stream. The piss mixes nicely with the come as Elena swirls the bowl around to mix it and hands it to her senseless husband. �Drink it all up then lick the bowl clean!� orders Elena. �Thank you, Mistress Elena,� says the judge as he takes the bowl and pours the entire concoction down his throat. Elena watches him lick the bowl clean as her panties are now so wet that she is dripping down her thighs. 

�Elena, we are going to pierce the judge now. I thought that nipple piercings, two cock piercings, one on top and one on the bottom, and a piercing through the scrotum. Becca will do the cock and balls, but you think you can do the nipples?� asks Goddess Phyllis inquisitively. �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elena. �I watched Mistress Rebecca do me and I would love to try.� Rebecca brings over her piercing kit and runs a needle through the top of the judge&#8217;s ample cock. There is not much skin up there and it takes the skill of an artist such as Rebecca to not cut more than necessary. She follows this with a needle through the bottom of the cock, through the skin right under the head. Becca inserts a nice ring through each. Next is a larger needle through the scrotum, followed by a bigger ring. She hands the nipple needle to Elena and Elena wastes no time in sticking it very slowly through her husband&#8217;s nipples. Very slowly, causing maximum pain. She inserts the nipple rings, and Rebecca runs a small silver chain through the nipple rings and down through the upper cock ring; another chain between the scrotom ring and the bottom of the cock ring, and yet another connecting the two chains. Pulling on this chain can control the judge&#8217;s cock, a predicament he soon became aware of as soon s Elena saw what she could do. She led him around the room, telling all the girls, �Look at my shit eating husband!� With that, a knock on the door came. I answered the door, and it was Babe, Ellie, Dawn (you remember these ladies from Part 1) and Babe brought along her girlfriend, porno star Geena D&#8217;palma, her of the huge triple dd&#8217;s. Goddess Phyllis called everyone to order. �Girls, we are hear tonight to witness a shit eating contest between my shit boy, whom most of you know, and the judge, whom some of you know. Winner gets to eat my ass and maybe more. The loser gets disgraced and will receive a punishment to be named later by either me or Elena. All of you are required to contribute a load of shit to the evening&#8217;s festivities. Failure o comply will cause ejection. Understood?� Almost in unison, you could hear Baby, Elly, Erin, Rebecca, Elena, Babe, Ellie, Dawn, and Geena all say, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� �Let the shitting begin,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. Elly handed silver platters out all around and the girls all squatted over their platters. Babe was first as the shit came flowing out of her large hole. Baby and Elly were pooping at the same time, and then Rebecca let out her load, smaller than the rest, of course. Erin let her turds plop onto the platter, as did Geena. Dawn let her load stink up the place, and then Elena contributed also. Goddess Phyllis spoke. �Baby, you split it up so that each shiteater gets five platters of equal amounts.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� says Baby, one of the few times she has used that title toward her sister. Now was an appropriate time. Baby starts dividing up the shit as Goddess Phyllis states the rules. �Each of you will have five platters of shit. The first one to finish all five wins. If one of you cannot finish or stop eating for any reason, you lose. Simple as that. Questions?� The judge and I both answer simultaneously, �No, Goddess Phyllis.� 
�Good,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Elena, offer the judge some encouragement.� Goddess Phyllis comes over to me and cups my face in her delicate hands. She mesmerizes me with her blue eyes and says �Shitboy, you have to win. I will be pleased if you win, and you need to please me, don&#8217;t you?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I say, �nothing is more important than pleasing you. I will win, I promise.� Goddess Phyllis smiles. �You win, and you will experience delights.� She need not mention the other, unthinkable, alternative.

Goddess Phyllis had the judge and I get on our hands and knees facing our audience, the shitgivers. Our hands were tied behind our backs; we could only use our mouths and heads. Baby placed five platters in front of each of us, put her hand up, and blew the whistle. I dug right into the first platter and took a huge mouthful of shit. I knew that I needed to pace myself but also had to be aware of the pace. I began chewing the mixture of nine different shits, and the judge did the same. I noticed that he was swallowing without thoroughly chewing, which I thought was a mistake. It would turn out to be his undoing. We finished the first platter around the same time and began on the second. I kept plodding along at a consistent rate as the judge took the lead for a while. We were allowed a drink after the second platter, a nice glass of piss. The judge drank half of his and began platter three. I drank all of my pee, good boy that I was, but I figured the moisture was good for me. I delved into platter three and soon caught up with the judge. He was slowing down noticeably and soon he stopped completely. I won, I thought, as the judge fell face first into platter number 3 of shit. A few boos rose up from the crowd, but Goddess Phyllis had not yet said anything, so I crawled up a bit and began platter 4. As I was munching away on this load, Goddess Phyllis said, �Girls, Shit boy is the winner. And see how he keeps going. Shit boy, do you want to finish all five?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I said. �What about these two that the judge didn&#8217;t get to? Do you want to eat those too?� queried Goddess Phyllis. �If Goddess Phyllis wants me to, I will,� was my reply. It was not a good one as Goddess Phyllis put her foot on the back of my head and pushed me face first into the platter of shit, causing me to temporarily suffocate. I lifted my head up and licked the shit off of my face as far as my tongue could reach. �Answer the question again, Shit boy!� commanded Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I want to eat those also. Please allow it,� I pleaded. �Yes, you can have all seven. Now go back to number four, �She ordered. I went to back to four and quickly finished it up and got another glass of pee for my trouble. The pee was definitely not Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s, I would recognize that. This stuff was good though, nice and warm and yellow. None of that clear crap, this was the real thing. I drank down the whole glass and stuck my head into platter number five. As I was eating the brown beauties, the crowd starting chanting, �Eat shit, eat shit, eat shit,� over and over again and it actually did inspire me That and the thought that Goddess Phyllis was going to give me some sort of pleasure. I had no idea what it would be but it would involve her ass and I had enough sense left to know that I would be wise to continue to impress her. I started on number six and the ladies were now clapping as well as chanting, although now the chant had become �shit boy, shit boy, shit boy.�&nbsp; I breezed through number six and number seven was pushed in front of me. But first, I was given another glass of piss. I eagerly took the glass and drank the whole thing, handing it back to Erin (wonder if it was her pee or a combo�probably a combo) and going right on to number seven. �Look how much he loves eating shit. He is the best,� said Goddess Phyllis as I was finishing the last of the crap feast. 

�Goddess Phyllis, I can beat him. I can eat more shit than shit boy,� says Babe. Everyone looks at her, myself included, incredulously. I had just finished seven platters and she thought she could beat me? Goddess Phyllis looks at her skeptically. �Babe,� Goddess Phyllis says, �If you want to challenge Shit boy, I will accept it on his behalf. If you win, I&#8217;ll give you fifty thousand dollars. If you lose, you will get a body whipping from me, Elly, Karen, Rebecca and Erin. You will feel pain like you have never thought possible. Do you say yes?� Babe looked slightly taken aback, probably because she wasn&#8217;t expecting a whipping. She wondered if she could still back out, but it would be very humiliating. But humiliation is better than be whipped. �Goddess Phyllis, with all respect, I&#8217;d like to withdraw my challenge.� Goddess Phyllis sneered. �Maybe it is too late. Mommy, what do you think?� Elly looked at Babe, and then back at her daughter. �Goddess Phyllis, Babe made a challenge. If she&#8217;s scared of a whipping, tough shit. Don&#8217;t let her back out.� Goddess Phyllis nodded and looked at Karen. �Baby, what do you say?� Baby smiled and said, �I&#8217;m with Mommy. Too late. Nyeh nyeh.� Goddess Phyllis laughed; her sister always had the knack to crack her up. �Rebecca, any thoughts?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, make her come back and learn not to open a big mouth. She totally dissed Shit Boy, and that was not warranted.� �Excellent point, Rebecca. Babe, your request to withdraw your challenge is denied. All of us will return is four nights. Mommy, arrange for Oz and Dottie to come over, and tell them to build up for this. I want a big load from each of them.� �I&#8217;m on it, Goddess Phyllis,� said Elly. Oz is a huge assed powerhouse with a beautiful face. Dottie is much smaller, almost regular sized, but packs a huge ass hole. I am looking forward to this challenge; I intend to kick ass, relatively speaking. 

Next: Chapter 8 &#8211; The Reward
 










Chapter 8 &#8211; The Reward

Goddess Phyllis thanked Ellie and Dawn for coming and bade them a good night. �Girls, save a big load for the next contest. If you have to shit the day before, be sure to save it and keep it fresh.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Ellie and Dawn in unison. As Babe and Geena were getting ready to go, Goddess Phyllis said to Babe, �Ya know, big girl, you have a big fuckin mouth and you&#8217;re going to live to regret it. Geena can tell you about her experiences to get you warmed up. I&#8217;ve whipped her nasty cunt many times as well as the rest of her lovely body. Now, have a good night.� 

Remaining were Elly, Baby, Rebecca, Erin, Elena and the judge. �Girls,� said Goddess Phyllis, ignoring the fact that the judge and I were present in the room, �I&#8217;m going to reward my shit boy, and you all get to participate.� Goddess Phyllis motioned me closer to her with a movement of her finger. �Shit boy will insert his worthless cock in my ass. I will allow him to move it in and out a few times and then take it out. Each one of you will have a chance to lick my deliciousness off of his cock. Shit boy will not come until I tell him to; failure to obey will result in pain and blood; I know that shit boy understands that only too well.� Goddess Phyllis looked in my direction and I briefly met her gaze but could not maintain eye contact due to her radiance. Goddess Phyllis looked at her girls, sitting there in stunned silence. �Girls, note well that I am not having shit boy �fuck me� in the ass. Rather, he is merely inserting his dick in my ass to bathe it in my anal essence and to allow all of you to taste it. The fact that the instrument for this is shit boy&#8217;s cock is irrelevant. Everyone understand?� All of the girls nodded numbly and said, almost in unison, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� I was getting shivers up and down my spine. The thought of actually having my cock in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass was making me throb something fierce. All of those gorgeous women, each one so skilled in using their mouth&#8217;s, sucking me was blowing my mind, knowing that to come would be horrendous, a fate worse than death. But Goddess Phyllis was showing me off and I would not, could not, let her down.

Goddess Phyllis leaned against the couch and summoned me over. She rubber her pussy to get some of her sacred wetness on her finger tips and rubbed this on the head of my cock. �Insert my cock in my hole,� said Goddess Phyllis, of course referring to �my� cock as her own. I pushed my cock and it slid in to that most magnificent of orifices. I let it stay motionless, awaiting the Goddess&#8217;s command. I could feel her squeezing my throbbing dick with her sphincter muscles. �Pull it out slowly,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. I may have my dick in her ass, but it is clear that She is doing the fucking of me. No doubt about that. �Baby, come here and lick and suck his cock and enjoy the taste of Me.� Baby came over and used two fingers to move my cock a little so that she could sniff it. She licked all over and then took my entire cock in her mouth and sucked at it. I felt weak kneed and tried to recall the pain of my last whipping. This is what would allow me to control my coming. Hopefully. Baby withdrew her head from my cock. Made it so far.

Goddess Phyllis turned back around and had me reinsert my cock into her ass. Again, I responded to her finger gesture; words were not necessary as I understood what my Goddess was saying. I pushed my cock into her ass as Goddess Phyllis said, �In and out three times, Shit boy.� I pulled my cock out and pushed it back in, left if for a second and then pushed it back in for the third time and then pulled it out. �Mommy, come here and clean his cock.� Elly sauntered over and took my cock in her mouth and sucked. She pulled her head back and licked the entire throbbing shaft of my cock. �Stop,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. Thankfully, she wasn&#8217;t letting any of the mistresses suck me for too long�so far. Goddess Phyllis turned around and I entered her for the third time. �Four times in and out and leave it in for three seconds each time,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. I did as instructed and to feel the tightness of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s anal walls on my cock is beyond words. It is the most perfect feeling in the world; this was what a cock in a hole is supposed to feel like, not like that stupid cunt fucking. Adding to this was Goddess Phyllis squeezing her sphincter every time I entered. I had to, unfortunately, concentrate of my earlier whipping and the pain that I felt in order to not come. I completed the four in outs. �Rebecca, your turn,� said Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca came over and put her face really close to my cock. She sniffed it all over and then began to lick it. Her tongue was so soft and delightful and I could feel my brow break out in sweat as Becca took my whole cock in her mouth and sucked. I was getting swoozy until finally Goddess Phyllis ordered her to stop. Now for my fourth time in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass. �Four more, like last time,� commanded the Goddess. I pushed in and pulled out the instructed number of times. My cock has never been as hard as it is at this point. It also looks bigger than it ever has, which is not saying much, but it is engorged. �Elena, now you,� said Goddess Phyllis. The wealthy, although now a hundred million less wealthy, wife of the judge, came over and licked me up and down and round and round. She sucked the head of my cock and was about to go down all the way when the order came to stop. I made it again. I felt like I was having an out-of-body experience, watching all of this happening to me as if I was a spectator. One more insertion and one more licking to go. �Five times,� said Goddess Phyllis, as I entered her for the fifth time. My cock and the size of her anus were exactly the same and the amount of lube that her anus generated was perfect and as I pulled out of her for the fifth time, my cock was visibly throbbing. �Erin, down here,� said Goddess Phyllis. Big Erin came over, got on her knees and took my entire cock in her mouth. She sucked so hard that I felt like I was going to lose it. Erin was taking my cock not in order to enjoy the essence of Goddess Phyllis but rather to make me come. That is what it seemed like as she formed a tight grip around my cock with her lips and sucked with much force. I felt myself wobbling. I didn&#8217;t know if I could hold out any more. �Erin stop!� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Thankfully, Erin stopped immediately and removed her head. 

Did I make it? Goddess Phyllis looked at me, standing there with a throbbing cock. Baby, Elly, Elena, Rebecca and Erin were all sitting on the bed. I was ready for what I hoped was coming. �Girls,� said Goddess Phyllis, �Shit boy will now come for us on my voice command. No touching of his cock is needed.� Goddess Phyllis walked to me, inserted her index finger into the opening of her pussy, swirled it around and put in my mouth. �Go ahead and suck it,� she said. I sucked it so hard the skin almost came off. Well, not really. Goddess Phyllis inserted her finger in her holiest of holy asshole and put it under my nose. I sucked in the heavenly fumes as she moved the beautiful digit around my nostrils. Goddess Phyllis inserted her finger once more in her hole and pulled it out. Goddess Phyllis locked my gaze on her, stuck the finger in my mouth and simply said, �Come.� I put my hands out in front of me as I began to come. I shot the first few loads with such force that I almost missed my hands, but I caught it. I kept coming and the contractions were not stopping. After what felt like fifty contractions, my cock finally began to stop and I was left holding a large double handful of my come. 

�Mommy, get the bowl and dump shit boy&#8217;s come in it. Try not to lose any and make sure he licks the residue from his hands.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied Elly. It seemed that ever since Goddess Phyllis anally demolished her mommy&#8217;s previously tight asshole that Elly had become meeker in dealing with her Goddess daughter. With the rest of us, and that includes me, she was the same sexual expert as she always was. But with Goddess Phyllis, it was like their relationship had moved to a new level, perhaps that for the first time the daughter had truly surpassed the mother in ways unimagined. Anyway, I was dumping the come in the bowl that Elly had fetched and licking the remains off of my hands. Goddess Phyllis picked up a large vase-like pitcher. �Girls, I want you all to take a piss in here and we will mix it with shit boy&#8217;s come.� One by one, they filled the pitcher. First Elly, then Erin, Baby, Rebecca and Elena. �Anyone need to take a dump?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca raised her hand. �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Erin, hold the platter under Becca&#8217;s ass.� Erin held the platter and almost immediately a small, brown turd emerged from those gorgeous, small, round cheeks and dropped onto the platter, soon to be followed by another small one. �I think that&#8217;s it, Goddess Phyllis,� said Rebecca. �Nice, Bec,� smiled Goddess Phyllis. �Erin, lick Rebecca&#8217;s hole clean. Shit boy, take both pieces of shit in your mouth, mush them up real good, and mix in the pitcher. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� said Erin and me at the same time. Erin buried her face in Rebecca&#8217;s sweet asshole while I picked up the two turds and unhesitatingly put them in my mouth. I knew they would be delicious since they came from Rebecca&#8217;s ass, and they were. I chewed &#8216;em up real good and spit the shitty concoction into the pitcher.

 �Anyone else?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Erin raised her hand. Rebecca picked up the platter and held it under Erin&#8217;s ass. Goddess Phyllis sure had these girls trained. Erin held her cheeks apart and let loose a fart that made everyone in the room laugh. Except for me and the judge, who had been kneeling quietly in the corner all of this time. Erin&#8217;s fart was followed by an impressive contiguous piece that was at least six inches long. I knew what would happen with that one. Erin had a couple of smaller turds and then said that was it. �Who wants to lick her ass?� Goddess Phyllis asked of the room. Not surprisingly, everyone&#8217;s hand went up. �Elena, go ahead.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis, said Elena. She buried her head in Erin&#8217;s rather ample ass and her slurps brought a smile to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face. �Shit boy, let&#8217;s see you give head o that large piece,� said Goddess Phyllis. I picked up the huge piece of shit and began licking it up and down. I put it in my mouth and sucked it and deep throated it. I was able to put he whole thing into my mouth. �Start chewing it,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. I began chewing it and chewed without swallowing any until it was a nice soft mess. �Spit it in to the pitcher,� said Goddess Phyllis. I did. �Chew up the rest and do the same,� She ordered. I complied with a smile on my face. I chewed up fat Erin&#8217;s shit and spit it into the pitcher. �Stir it up,� ordered Goddess Phyllis, handing me a large wooden spoon. I stirred up the mixture really well and awaited the word. �Drink it, Shit boy. Drink it all up, non stop. Drink this lovely mixture of your own come and some of the sweetest piss and shit around. And, drink it non stop, or all of your wonderful behavior of today will have been wasted.� Goddess Phyllis came over to me, put her hands on my cheeks, looked me right in the eyes with her bay blue ones, and kissed me hard on the mouth. I picked up the pitcher, the large pitcher, put it to my lips, tilted my head back and began to, well, not really drink as much as pour the mixture down my throat. In about five seconds, it was all gone. �Excellent,� commended Goddess Phyllis. It made me so happy to please Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis ordered Elly, Baby, Erin, Rebecca and Elena to the bed and pulled me by my collar in front of the. �Jerk off for my ladies, Shit boy. And then eat the come since you love it so much. Girls, say anything you want to him. The more you degrade him, the more he&#8217;ll come.� I begin to jerk my cock, slowly since it is throbbing again, as Rebecca, young Becca with the face of an angel, says �You are a fucking jerk off ass hole, shit boy. You aren&#8217;t worthy to be in the same room with us. Even our shit is too good for you.� Elly added �I can&#8217;t wait to fuck you in the ass again. I&#8217;m gonna use the biggest dildo that Goddess Phyllis will allow.� Elena chimed in, �I can&#8217;t tell who is more slovenly, you or this miserable piece of crap husband of mine.� Goddess Phyllis laughed. �Come, shit boy,� She ordered as I delivered another load into my waiting hands, soon to be slurped into my waiting mouth.

Next: Chapter 9 &#8211; The Rematch










Chapter 9 &#8211; The Challenge Answered

Over the next several days, I spent most of my time servicing Goddess Phyllis, Elly and Baby. Rebecca and Erin tool Elena and the judge home. With Elena&#8217;s newfound knowledge, she immediately recognized that her longtime servant, Roxanna, was more than devoted; she was in love. I will tell the story later of the ass fucking that went on over there. When I wasn&#8217;t drinking pee or eating shit or tongue bathing the Goddess and the Mistresses, I was cleaning the house. This was my form of exercise. And don&#8217;t forget, this was a twelve room mansion.

The big night was here, one week to the day from my shit eating victory over the judge. And a most convincing victory it was. In came the ladies: Elena, Rebecca, Erin, Ellie, Dawn, Geena, all from previous chapters, and newcomers Oz with wife Jessica, and Dottie. Oz was a stunningly beautiful four hundred pound 5&#8217;7� powerhouse with a nice, huge ass. Her wife Jessica was a beautiful Brazilian, about 5&#8217;5� and 120 lbs. Dottie was a light skinned African-American, very curvaceous and with a penchant for getting fucked in the ass. Dottie has had everything in her ass from dildos to fists to feet to baseball bats to her daughter&#8217;s head. Yes, Dottie&#8217;s daughter, Kathy, was one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s elite private collection of eight beautiful women. At one point, during a competition for the world&#8217;s biggest asshole, Dottie was able to get Kathy&#8217;s head up her ass, an incredible feat for both mother and daughter. Dottie won the competition but eventually lost the World&#8217;s Largest Asshole title to none other than Babe, who now entered the room last. With Goddess Phyllis, Elly and Baby, there would be twelve shitgivers; actually eleven as Goddess Phyllis was above all of this; her shit was too valuable to be mixed in with others.

Goddess Phyllis has Babe and I get on our knees with our hands strapped behind our backs and facing the eleven women who were all holding silver platters. These women were ready to shit and shit plenty. In fact, Ellie and Dawn had brought a couple of pounds of their ample shit from the day before, still fresh in the biggest baggie I&#8217;ve ever seen. On Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s command, the women began shitting on the platters. The normal sized women, Elena, Rebecca, Jessica, Geena, Dottie and Baby were all producing nice platters of varying sized turds. The super sized ladies, Elly, Erin, Ellie, Dawn, Oz were dropping monster turds on their platters. As they finished, Goddess Phyllis ordered all of the women to pick an asshole and lick it clean. The women paired off: Oz and Jessica, Rebecca and Elly, Baby and Erin, Ellie and Dawn, Dottie and Elena, and Goddess Phyllis took care of Geena. Of course, Goddess Phyllis doesn&#8217;t lick another woman&#8217;s ass unless it is her mother or sister, so she wiped Geena&#8217;s bubble-butt with a baby wipe. Goddess Phyllis ordered Rebecca and Erin to divide the shit into ten platters of equal size.

Goddess Phyllis addressed the group. �Ladies, thank you for donating your shit to this most worthy of causes.� Goddess Phyllis laughed as did the ladies who were now taking their seats, all front row, for the upcoming show. �I present the challenger, Babe, the holder of the title of World&#8217;s Largest Asshole. And she sure proved it by making this challenge last week.� The assembled girls laughed heartily at this one. �And the champion,� continues Goddess Phyllis, �Shit boy!� The girls all clapped for me and I smiled and bowed. Rebecca and Erin brought forth the platters of shit, five going in front of big Babe and five in front of me. The same rules applied. Whoever finished wins, or in case we both finish our five platters of shit, the fastest time wins. We would have a glass of pee after platters two and four. Let the games begin. We both bent forward and began ingesting mouthfuls of mostly warm shit. Babe and I stayed pretty even through platter 1 and began platter 2 at the same time. I picked up the pace a bit and pulled a little in front; Babe didn&#8217;t try to keep up but increased her pace just a bit. Finishing platter 2 and feeling rather full already, I drank the big glass of pee while watching Babe finishing platter 2. Babe took her glass of pee and chugged the whole thing in seconds. I was already halfway though number 3 and now I really turned it on. I became a shit guzzling machine, sucking down huge mouthfuls of the crap. I quickly moved on to platter 4 while Babe was still less than halfway through three. Babe finished 3 as I was finishing 4 and enjoying a nice glass of warm pee, and I could see defeat on her face. A whole platter behind with only one to go. Babe started swaying back and forth and fell head first into platter 4. She was out and I successfully defended my title as the shit eating champion of the world. Rebecca moved babe&#8217;s platter 5 next to my platter 5 and Goddess Phyllis said, �Girls, how about some encouragement for shit boy to eat both the remaining platters.� The girls began yelling �Shit boy, Shit boy� and some not as nice things like �you&#8217;re lower than shit on the heel of my shoe� and �lick my blood during my next period.� I listened to all and reacted to none as I was on a mission; eat all of the shit and make Goddess Phyllis proud. Finally, I was on the last platter and putting it away when Goddess Phyllis said, �Mommy, bring Babe over to the whipping post. Get her ready for more pain than she ever thought possible.� 

Elly lifted the huge Babe in her arms as if she was a lightweight and carried her to the post. Standing her up, Elly shackled Babe&#8217;s arms to the top of the post and the legs, nice and spread, to the bottom. Babe was wide open. Elly held up a ball gag and looked at Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis nodded yes and Elly put the ball in Babe&#8217;s mouth and strapped the gag around her head rather tightly. As mentioned at the end of Chapter 7, the whipping would be done by Goddess Phyllis, of course, Elly, Baby, Erin and Rebecca. Goddess Phyllis picked up a mean looking whip and cracked it in the air. Everyone jumped. The next crack was not practice and landed flush across Babe&#8217;s 54 DDD tits, producing a gash on each tit and a muffled scream from Babe. Goddess Phyllis gave her four more hard strokes across her stomach, her thighs, and turning her around, her back and her ass. Goddess Phyllis handed the whip to Baby. Grinning like a Cheshire cat, Baby landed a blow right on top of every stripe that Goddess Phyllis had made. This pleased Goddess Phyllis and the girls, but was rather painful for the big girl hanging around about to pass out. Elly splashed a bit of water on Babe&#8217;s face and took the whip from her younger daughter. Using her considerable strength, Elly delivered horrific blows to Elly&#8217;s back, ass, thighs, stomach and cunt. Elly gave the whip to Erin who proceeded to use her strength to deliver five more devastating blows to the same spots as done by Elly. Babe was sweating profusely and seemed again in the verge of passing out so Elly splashed a bit more water on her face. Rebecca took the whip and skillfully laid a painful slash across the few remaining areas of the big girl that had not yet been cracked open. Babe was whimpering and emitting a pitiful scream like sound. Goddess Phyllis stood before the girls and asked, �Would any of you other girls like to lay a stroke on the loser here?� Everyone&#8217;s hand went up and Goddess Phyllis had them line up: Ellie, Dawn, Oz, Dotty, Geena, Elena and Jessica. One by one, these girls slashed Babe as hard as possible. Oz&#8217;s shot, particularly, was so hard that it spun Babe around. As the girls were finally done, Elly took Babe out of the shackles and wrapped her in the aloe covered whipping blanket. 

 �Girls, this concludes the evening&#8217;s activities,� announces Goddess Phyllis. The girls get up to leave and Goddess Phyllis sends them off at the door with a kiss, a treat for all of the lucky recipients: Ellie, Dawn, Oz, Jessica, Dottie, Elena. Geena was staying to tend to the suffering Babe. Baby, Mommy, Erin and Rebecca retired to one room and Goddess Phyllis took me into her private bedroom. My heart was beating as I had the feeling that my reward was coming. Goddess Phyllis looked at me and smiled. �You made me proud, Shit boy.� �Thanks you, Goddess Phyllis,� I replied. �Your reward is coming.� With that, Goddess Phyllis pushed me on the bed, got down on the bed the opposite way, and proceeded to suck on my cock. Yes, my worthless cock being sucked on by Goddess Phyllis. My head was spinning. Goddess Phyllis stopped to say, �Shit boy, feel free to come whenever.� She resumed her sucking and, needless to say, I came almost immediately. Goddess Phyllis sucked me until I was dry and then place her mouth over mine and let my come drip from her mouth to mine. This woman was truly amazing. My cock was in her ass, but she was fucking me. Now, my cock was in her mouth, but I ate my own come. Again.

Next: Chapter 10 Elena and her maid









Chapter 10 Elena and Roxanna

Backing up a week or so, after my initial shit eating victory over the judge, Rebecca and Erin escorted Elena and the judge home. The new Elena, that is, not the same one that had left here not all that long ago. Goddess Phyllis did not want her precious, petite Rebecca coming home alone in the new Lincoln Navigator that Elena had promised to sign over to Becca, and who was a better bodyguard than big, strong Erin? Pulling up the long driveway leading to the stately mansion of Elena and the judge, Erin could not help but let out a gasp at the stunning beauty of the place. Exiting the vehicle, the girls saw the front door open and Elena&#8217;s maid was standing there smiling.

Her name was Roxana, and she had worked for Elena and the judge for the past five years. Roxanna was in her late thirties and had a nice, cute face, a lovely ass, nice perky tits and sweet, full-sized lips. She was paid a mere twelve thousand a year, but she didn&#8217;t have to pay any rent or pay for food and her medical insurance was paid for also. Not being one to go out much, the thousand a month was quite sufficient for Roxanna. This was a joy, living in a mansion like this, supervising a cleaning crew that came in weekly for the heavy cleaning, and being with Elena every day, sometimes even seeing Elena&#8217;s lovely, naked body. Unbeknownst to Elena, Roxanna was a lesbian and had fallen in love with Elena over the years. Roxanna always seemed to have affairs with women who were mean to her and had fat, smelly pussies. But ever since she had taken this job with Elena, she had ceased to be with any other women and her sex life consisted of daily masturbation sessions, or several times a day, usually thinking about her beloved Elena.

The night that Rebecca first came here and seduced Elena and fucked her ass was a thrilling one for Roxanna. She was able to watch most of the events, and she had never seen Elena get fucked like that, especially up the ass. When she first started working here, she would occasionally see Elena and the judge having sex, but it was never much to watch. And that ended years ago. But now, something was changing. Elena was now involved with women, and Roxanna knew that meant there was now hope to her long imagined fantasy of sucking on Elena&#8217;s pussy and ass.

Approaching the door first, Elena took Roxanna&#8217;s hand and kissed her hello, a nice, soft kiss on the mouth. Roxanna blushed strongly. Elena had never kissed her on the mouth before, but this was nice. Roxanna watched Elena&#8217;s eyes travel from her own to her crotch, where her beige stretch pants suddenly had a growing wet spot. Roxanna blushed even more, but Elena just smiled and kissed her again. �Look at my crotch, Roxanna,� said Elena. Roxanna looked between Elena&#8217;s legs and saw an even larger wet spot on Elena&#8217;s pants. Roxanna felt a little emboldened. �Oh, Miss Elena,� she said in her Spanish accent, �I have loved you so much ever since I first met you. But I was too scared to say anything.� Elena smiled. �Roxanna, I see it now. Thanks to Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca and a few other women, I have shed my old skin and have been reborn as a lover of women. I have sucked pussy and ass and eaten shit and been fucked in my ass multiple times. I need to make up for lost time, Roxanna, and that includes making love with you.� Elena put her arms around Roxanna and kissed her, and could feel the younger Spanish girl tremble with an orgasm.

The ladies entered the living room and had a seat. Roxanna served wine and cheese as Elena introduced her to the other ladies. �Roxanna, this is Rebecca, who was the first woman to have her way with me. And the big girl is Erin, a new friend of the group who keeps an eye out for us.� Roxanna knelt before the petite black girl and huge white girl and said, �It is a joy for me to meet the women who love Miss Elena. Thank you.� Elena was really looking at Roxanna with new eyes and was getting hotter by the second. �Roxanna,� said Elena, �please get the title for the black Navigator out of my desk.� Roxanna scurried into the study to fetch the document as Rebecca smiled. �Elena, are you trying to get rid of us so that you can get it on with Roxanna,� asked Becca. Elena smiled. �I can&#8217;t wait to get my mouth on Roxanna&#8217;s pussy.� �Well, don&#8217;t let our being here stop you. I know I&#8217;d love to watch. How about you, Erin?� Big Erin grinned ear to ear. �Yes, Rebecca, I&#8217;d love to watch and maybe join in,� said Erin. Rebecca came back with the title, which Elena signed and handed over to Rebecca. �Thank you so much, Elena,� said Rebecca. �It is really my pleasure,� said Elena. �You were my first woman. I&#8217;m glad to give you something to remember me by.� 

Elena looked at Roxanna. �Honey, get naked for us. We want to see your lovely body. Roxanna pulled down her wet pants and even wetter panties and pulled her shirt off over her head. She stood in front of the three women. �Very, very nice,� said Elena. �Very nice. Go sit on that chair and spread your legs. I need to taste you right now.� Roxanna practically ran over to the chair, put her left leg on one arm rest and the right on the other. Elena was down on her instantly, smothering Roxanna&#8217;s pussy with kisses and licks. Roxanna had a nicely trimmed pussy, but Elena knew that she would have her shave it. But not now. Elena put her tongue in this delicious cunt and tongue fucked her, then using her right hand to expose Rox&#8217;s clit, began sucking on this little bud. Roxanna was moaning and swaying her hips as Elena sucked a little harder. That was all Roxanna needed to orgasm, rising totally off of the chair and crying out �Miss Elena, I love you, I love you, I love you, ohhh, ohh, i-yeeee� and Elena was hanging on as Roxanna was back on the chair with her legs wrapped around Elena&#8217;s head and bucking wildly. As the bucking subsided, Elena looked up at Roxanna. �Would you like to suck me?� asked Elena. �Oh, I have dreamed of this for years,� said Roxanna. Elena switched places with Rox and spread her legs wide open. Roxanna knelt before the pussy she had dreamed of. It was totally hairless, and it glistened with moisture. The lips were oozing liquid, and Elena&#8217;s thighs were covered with wetness also. Roxanna always knew that Elena had a really wet pussy from doing the laundry. Many was the time that she would put a pair of Elena&#8217;s worn panties in her mouth as she masturbated. Sometimes she would suck them so hard they barely need to be washed. Roxanna started at the bottom of Elena&#8217;s cunt and slowly licked up Elena&#8217;s slit and down again, and up to the clit this time. Roxanna swirled her tongue on Elena&#8217;s clit, sucking it and nibbling at it and moving her tongue quite expertly in and out of this sopping wet pussy. �Oh girls,� moaned Elena, �this girl knows how to eat pussy. She is really talented.� With that, Elena let out a loud scream and began coming like a bastard, her juices flowing out of her cunt and being greedily sucked up by Roxanna. Roxanna kept her mouth on Elena&#8217;s pussy and helped bring her orgasm to a gradual conclusion. �Wow!� said Elena. �Girls, you must try this. I think that we have discovered a true gem.�

Rebecca took her place on the big easy chair and spread her legs wide open. Rox looked at Becca&#8217;s magnificent hairless light brown and pink pussy, and then looked over at Elena. �Miss Elena, may I suck this pussy? Really?� Elena smiled. �You better or this little tiger will hurt you.� Roxanna lowered her mouth to Becca&#8217;s pussy and began to suck on her lips while using her tongue on the slit. She was using her tongue to reach deep into Becca&#8217;s hole, enabling her to cover Becca&#8217;s entire clit with her mouth. She sucked and had Rebecca coming in no time at all. Rebecca opened her eyes and looked down at Roxanna. �Oh baby, this is one expert mouth. Erin, your turn.� Rebecca got up on somewhat shaky legs and traded places with Erin. Roxanna was used to sucking big women; her mom and aunt were both big women and were always having Roxanna eat their fat, smelly pussies. The experience gained at that time was serving her well now. She began nibbling on Erin&#8217;s thighs, working her way up to the hot, wet pussy. Roxanna could smell Erin&#8217;s arousal. Miss Elena had a nice, strong feminine scent, while Rebecca had almost no scent at all .This big pussy had a strong smell like most big pussies had. Using her tongue, teeth, lips and mouth, Roxanna had Erin coming in less than a minute. Erin was bucking like a bronco, and Roxanna was hanging on like an experienced rodeo rider. Finally, Erin&#8217;s orgasm subsided. Rebecca stood up and looked at the other women. �Elena, Erin and I are heading back to the Goddess. I need to report to her about Roxanna. This is one special cunt lapper that we have discovered. I&#8217;m certain that Goddess Phyllis will want to meet her, and soon.�










Chapter 11 Nurse Linda

Goddess Phyllis had long thought that she should have a nurse as a part of her special circle, the girls who were fortunate to hang around with Goddess Phyllis on a daily basis. These included Baby (Karen), Mommy (Elly), Rebecca and Erin. Oh, and of course, yours truly, shitboy. When I heard Goddess Phyllis bring up the subject with her mommy, who happened to be sitting on the couch with three fingers of her right hand up her ass and two on her left working her clit, I crawled over in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s direction. Goddess Phyllis motioned to me to stop. She pulled her mommy&#8217;s hand out of her ass and started sucking on those three fingers. �Umm, Mommy, your ass tastes so good, and it is so nice to see how much you crave having something up there.� Elly looked lovingly at her daughter, her goddess, and said, �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis turned toward me. �Why are you moving, Shit boy?� �Goddess Phyllis,� I said looking down at the floor. �I know a nurse that I think would be what you were talking about.� Goddess Phyllis raised an eyebrow. �Really,� she said. �Tell me more. And, you may look at me.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis, to look at you is to look at heaven. Uh, this nurse is about fifty years old, short blond hair, and big, too. Her name is Linda.� I continued gazing up at Goddess Phyllis. �How big?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �She is sort of like Erin, maybe a little bigger, but not as big as Babe, Goddess Phyllis,� I answered. �Can you get me photo?� asked the Goddess. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, she has an ad on an internet dating site. May I use the computer?� Goddess Phyllis nodded and I crawled over to the computer, got on a b&amp;d website and found her ad: Dominant Nurse Accepting Patients. Goddess Phyllis came over and looked at this with interest. �So, she thinks she is dominant, does she?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, at least with men, and also scum like me.� Hell,� said Goddess Phyllis, �anyone could dominate you. Shit boy, call her and get her over. She is worth seeing in person.�

I found Linda&#8217;s phone number in my online phonebook and went to the phone, wondering what I was going to say. She was the last woman I had relations with in my pre Goddess Phyllis days, which was now approaching five months ago. I think I had it. I dialed her number and she picked up after the first ring. �Hello?� �Miss Linda, this is Michael. I hope I&#8217;m not disturbing you.� A pause. �Hello, Michael, been a few months. What&#8217;s up?� �Well, I am now a shit eating slut for a gorgeous and wonderful goddess named Goddess Phyllis.� This was my plan: the truth. I continued. �I have told Goddess Phyllis about you and she is interested in meeting you. You really should come over.� I waited for Linda&#8217;s reply. �Why do you think I would want to come over and meet your goddess?� �Miss Linda, she is so beautiful, and there are beautiful women here all of the time. She rules over many, many women. And me, and an occasional other guy who is also a male shit eating slut. You have a chance to be part of something that is hard to describe. Constant sex and ass fucking and pussy sucking. Asses are for fucking, pussies are for sucking. That&#8217;s Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s rule. Oh please come over, Miss Linda. It will change your life.� Another pause. Finally. �Give me the address!�

It took less than an hour until the doorbell rang. I crawled over to the door, opened it, and looked up at Linda. She was wearing a very short red dress with spaghetti straps. She looked hot. This little dress showed off her huge thighs and ass and ample tits. �Please come in,� I said to her. She entered and I shut the door and crawled off to the living. On the couch were Goddess Phyllis and Elly, locked in a passionate embrace. They parted as I crawled into the room with Linda behind me. Goddess Phyllis stood up, walked over to Linda and put her hands on Linda&#8217;s cheeks. She looked into her eyes. Linda met her gaze for a few seconds, and then looked away. Goddess Phyllis smiled. No woman could stare at her for too long; one might just go insane. Goddess Phyllis planted a smoldering kiss on Linda&#8217;s unsuspecting mouth, a long, tongue sucking kiss. Goddess Phyllis stopped abruptly, leaving Linda a little dazed. �Lift up your dress!� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Linda did, revealing red panties that now had a big wet spot right in the middle. �Take the dress off; leave those wet panties on,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Linda lifted the dress over and head, revealing her big tits. Goddess Phyllis reached out and squeezed Linda&#8217;s nipples. She turned them one way then another. I could see Linda&#8217;s eyes get a little smaller as the wet area that was her crotch gets a little bigger. �Kneel before me!� commanded Goddess Phyllis. Linda got down on her knees and looked at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s lovely feet. �Look at me.� Linda raised her head. Goddess Phyllis took a piece of shit from the Tupperware that Mommy had brought over and put it I Linda&#8217;s mouth. �Suck on this, Linda, but do not bite it until told.� Linda began sucking. �Now, Shit boy, go over and lay down by Linda. Linda, squat over Shit boy&#8217;s face.� I crawled over and lay down by Linda and she moved a little and put her big thighs on each side of my head. I could smell her pussy, a strong smell, not like that of Goddess Phyllis or her family. Strong, but good. �Sit on my shitboy&#8217;s face,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Linda lowered herself onto my face. �Suck her, Shit boy. I want you to make her come.� I began sucking the sopping wet material that was covering my face as Linda let her three hundred plus pounds rest on my mouth. �Rub around on his face, but do not smother my shit boy,� chortled Goddess Phyllis. Linda did a nice job of face sitting and I did a nice job of sucking. Goddess Phyllis could see how aroused Linda was and gave her the order. �Linda, start biting my shit. Chew on it.� With no hesitation, Linda began eating Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s shit. I could feel her getting wetter. �As you swallow the last bit, come on shit boy&#8217;s face.� commanded Goddess Phyllis. I sucked as hard as I could, being able to easily feel Linda&#8217;s clit through the soaked material. My sucking was rewarded with even more wetness as Linda has one strong orgasm. And just like that, she now belonged to Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis sat on the couch next to her mommy and had Linda sit on the floor at her feet. �Linda, I have several fucking machines that I will be using on my girls&#8217; asses. I want you to learn the machines and my girls. I want to be able to give them the maximum fucking in terms of hardness and duration without causing any damage. Pain, yes, but damage, no. Can you handle this?� Linda looked up. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I can. I will study up on my proctology, but I can definitely handle this, everything from monitoring vitals to measuring the amount of stretching of the ass walls.� �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �My first fuckee is on her way here right now, and seeing as how she is sixty-two years old, I do want you to take care of her.� I knew that could only mean the Elena was going to be a recipient of a machine fucking, the first recipient. Even I haven&#8217;t gone through that yet, although I&#8217;m sure it will be coming. And I knew that Elena was on her way with her girlfriend; Rebecca and Erin had gone to pick them up. After a week of waiting, Goddess Phyllis was ready to see first hand if Roxanna was as good at sucking pussy as advertised. And while Goddess Phyllis and no doubt her mommy and sister (Baby was relaxing down in the sauna) would give Roxanna&#8217;s mouth a good workout, Elena would be getting ass fucked by a machine. I wondered to myself if the machine could fuck as hard as Elly could, but I guess I wouldn&#8217;t have to wait long to find out.


The doorbell rang. It was Rebecca and Erin, with Elena and her lover, Roxanna. I let them in and Goddess Phyllis greeted all of them with a big smile. She gave Elena a big hug and asked, �So this is the great pussy eater?� She looked at Roxanna, but Roxanna could not meet her gaze and looked down at the floor. �Yes, she is truly great, Goddess Phyllis,� said Elena. �I think that you will be pleased.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Elena, with all due respect, you haven&#8217;t been with women enough to know a really exceptional sucking from a good one. But Rebecca has. And she says that this girl is special. And I have a surprise for you. While Roxanna sucks my pussy, you will be getting fucked in the ass by my newest toy, a fucking machine.� Goddess Phyllis pointed to the corner of the room, where there was an odd looking contraption near the back of the couch. Elena looked back at Goddess Phyllis, but did not say anything. �Elena, it will please me to get sucked by your girl here while I watch you being impaled by this machine. Oh, by the way, this new cutie over here is Nurse Linda. She has joined my inner circle especially to monitor the girls on the ass fucking machine.� Linda stood up, still wearing her red panties that were totally soaked through. �Linda, take Elena over to the machine. Rebecca, pick out a nice dildo to hook up to it, something that will stretch Elena to the next level.� Rebecca and Linda went toward Elena. They looked great side by side. Rebecca, five feet tall and weighing about ninety-five pounds, and Linda at five feet ten inches tall and packing about three hundred plus pounds on her beefy, somewhat muscular frame. Goddess Phyllis smiled. Yes, Linda was big, strong, and obedient, had a nice looking mouth, and had a hot, wet pussy. Just what the doctor, make that Goddess, ordered.

�Let the fucking begin,� ordered Goddess Phyllis.

Next chapter: Elena and the Machine









Chapter 12 - Elena and the Machine

Rebecca picked out a medium sized dildo, maybe two inches wide and nine inches long, to hook up to the machine. As she wheeled it out, Elena got a good look at this device. It was more than just the machine; it had a table connected that was especially designed for someone to kneel on, with cut-out sections for the knees and elbows and a padded chin rest. The machine itself was high-tech. There was a joy stick that controlled up and down and side to side motion, and a throttle for the speed of the penetration. Special attachments could provide heat, or have spikes come out. Some could expand while inside you, and others could ejaculate a liquid, an enema, for example. For now, though, it will be a plain, old fashioned regular dildo.

Nurse Linda assisted Elena onto the table and helped her settle in, head up and ass sticking way up and wide apart. The entire table was adjustable so that someone Elena&#8217;s size could get a perfect fucking as could a larger type, like Mommy or Erin or the newbie, Linda. Rebecca started the machine, moved it so that Elena could watch as her beloved Roxanna sucked on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy, and inserted the dildo. Becca had been waiting to get the chance to use this machine, and she was ready. She moved the throttle so that the dildo extended forward, entering Elena&#8217;s asshole slowly but firmly. As the dildo entered up to its full length, Becca locked in the setting and turned from insertion mode to fucking mode. The piston-driven dildo was now set to go in to the maximum depth and out so that just the head was keeping the asshole open. In and out it went, slowly at first, and then a little faster. Rebecca set it so that a full in and out occurred every second and a half. She tried the joystick. A little movement in the up direction caused the dildo to lift up, taking the impaled Elena with it. The same thing with a left movement; Elena&#8217;s ass went to the left. Rebecca smiled that little evil grin of hers. Elena was going to be fucked senseless.

While Rebecca and Linda were setting Elena up on the machine and beginning the fucking, Goddess Phyllis was sitting on the couch with one leg on the arm of the couch and the other leaning on the kneeling Roxanna&#8217;s shoulder. Roxanna looked at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy. It was beautiful, shaved clean, perfectly formed lips, a slightly protruding clitoris, and an incredibly wonderful aroma. A tug on her hair lifted Roxanna&#8217;s head up. She looked up at Goddess Phyllis. �How does it look?� Roxanna looked at Goddess Phyllis and then looked down as she spoke. �It is perfect, Miss Goddess Phyllis,� she said meekly. Goddess Phyllis smiled. Miss Goddess Phyllis. That was a new one, but it was natural and she liked it. �Go on, Roxanna, you may kiss it and lick it and suck it and make me come. Make your goddess come.� With that, Roxanna buried her face in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunt and began doing what she had been trained to do all of her life-suck pussy. She inserted her tongue, her nice, long tongue, in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s hole as deeply as possible. As she did this, her upper lip touched Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s clit. Roxanna was able to suck on the clit while keeping her tongue buried deeply in the special hole. She began sucking on the clit and moving her tongue in and out and up and down. Goddess Phyllis was moving her hips in the motion set up by Roxanna&#8217;s mouth and she was smiling. �This girl is great,� she exclaimed, as she had an excellent orgasm within a matter of minutes. Roxanna never moved her head out of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s crotch, and as she felt Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s orgasm subsiding, she gently licked Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s vaginal lips, first one side then the other, then sucking on these lips very gently. Roxanna could feel Goddess Phyllis begin to get wet again and feel the clit swell. This time, Roxanna used her expert tongue on the clit, pushing on it and licking it in a swirling motion and almost wrapping the tongue around it. Goddess Phyllis placed her hands on Roxanna&#8217;s head and wrapped her thighs tightly around her hands and had another wonderful orgasm, this time expelling some of her very precious liquid into Roxanna&#8217;s eager mouth. Roxanna savored Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s come and kept it in her mouth several seconds before swallowing it. It was delicious and magical; it made Roxanna feel like a little girl, all giddy and in love. She remained with her head in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s crotch as Goddess Phyllis gently stroked Roxanna&#8217;s hair. Goddess Phyllis wondered if she was going to let Elena take this girl home with her. She was Elena&#8217;s and Roxanna did love Elena a great deal, and it was mutual, but Roxanna had such a great mouth, and the main concern of everyone was the pleasure of Goddess Phyllis. Nothing else mattered.

While Goddess Phyllis was basking in the wonderful orgasms she was having with Roxanna, Elena was being fucked senseless like a rag doll. Rebecca was really good with the machine, and she not only had the penetration now at two complete in-outs per second, she was sending Elena veering off to the left, then to the right, then up and of course down. Bec was getting all wet herself, and the wetter she got, the more she wanted to hurt Elena. Not in a mean way but in a sexual way. Rebecca increased the speed now to three complete in-outs per second and the movements left and right became more extreme. Elena was babbling something incoherent and seemed either to be on the verge of an orgasm or passing out. Nurse Linda was monitoring the vitals and noted that Elena&#8217;s heart rate was really racing. She told Rebecca, but Rebecca didn&#8217;t do anything. Nurse Linda said, �Rebecca, you need to slow her down. Now!� Becca looked at the big nurse and nodded. It would piss off Goddess Phyllis big time if anything happened to Elena. Rebecca slowed down and gradually stopped the fucking and withdrew the dildo from Elena&#8217;s ass. Elena immediately collapsed onto the table and began spasming and shaking. Nurse Linda picked her up in her beefy arms and with her left hand squeezed Elena&#8217;s clit. Elena began orgasmming and squirting. As Linda pulled on the clit, Elena would send a squirt of ejaculate into the air. Goddess Phyllis saw this and immediately had Roxanna scurry over to catch the liquid in her mouth. Roxanna got there in time to get a surprising mouthful of Elena&#8217;s come. Nurse Linda had never seen any female come so much. Even Goddess Phyllis, who has seen everything, was surprised. This rivaled the orgasm she had given her mommy a year ago or so, using light electrical current running simultaneously through mommy&#8217;s nipples, clitoris, and a thin wire in her rectum, Goddess Phyllis brought mommy to the brink of orgasm for hours. When Mommy finally was able to come, her orgasm last several minutes and flooded the area where she lay. 

Goddess Phyllis directed Nurse Linda to place Elena on the couch, where Roxanna kneeled next to her and stroked Elena&#8217;s short grey hair. Goddess Phyllis looked at Linda. �Nurse Linda, you did a fine job. I especially like the way to were forceful with Rebecca.� Linda smiled. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.� she said. Goddess Phyllis looked at the lovely Rebecca. �Becca, next time you immediately do what Nurse Linda says, or I&#8217;ll be angry with you. You don&#8217;t want that to happen, do you?� Rebecca gulped nervously. �No, Goddess Phyllis, I certainly don&#8217;t. It will not happen again.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. She had all of these women so under her control. All of them. Her mommy and sister, and Rebecca, and Erin, Elena and Roxanna, and her ladies, all eight of them, that have yet to be introduced into this story (although Angel and Kathy have been mentioned in earlier chapters), now Linda is added. Soon you will meet Chemaine, the fourteen year old sex kitten brought in by Rebecca. Chemaine, light skinned black with high cheekbones, 38DD tits and a lovely and delicious ass. The story of how Rebecca met Chemaine will be coming soon. Goddess Phyllis wanted to watch her girls get fucked by the machines. She would personally do her mommy and sister Karen in private. But for all to see, everyone else would get a good, machine based fucking. With eight machines, it would be nice. A thought occurred to the magnificent one. Why not have that fat piece of shit Babe come over with her girls? Babe had a mixed group of black and white, fat and slim, but all were used to getting their asses fucked. Yes, Goddess Phyllis would have a party, and Babe and her girls would provide the entertainment.

Next: Meet Chemaine










Chapter 13 &#8211; Chemaine

Goddess Phyllis knew from the start that Rebecca would be special. She was very intelligent, very aggressive and very hot. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca hit it off right away and Bec was always Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s �girl,� a position worthy of envy. Her status was elevated even higher when she brought Chemaine into the world of Goddess Phyllis.

Chemaine was thirteen when she first met Rebecca in the office at college where her mom worked. Rebecca was a student worker at the time, finishing up a dual masters in business and computer science. Chemaine was a little smaller than Rebecca&#8217;s petite 5 foot frame, standing about 4&#8217;10� or so. It was this small size that made her body even that much more spectacular. Chemaine, at the tender age of 13, had a set of 36 DD tits, nice and firm and round. Added to this was a lovely round ass; her measurements were 38-30-36, quite curvaceous at any age and on any body, but on a small framed thirteen year old, it was mind boggling. Completing the package was a very pretty face with high cheekbones, a part of her island heritage. Coincidentally, Chemaine and Rebecca were almost exactly the same color-light skinned but definitely African-American.

Chemaine had early on learned that her body could give her much pleasure. Starting when she was about five or six, she began touching her nipples and playing with her pussy and developing clitoris. She had her first orgasm at age six, and although she didn&#8217;t know what happened, she did know that she liked it. Chemaine was soon masturbating every night and frequently several times a day. She found that by rubbing her clit with one hand and playing with a nipple with the other, she got very aroused. Needing something to think about, Chemaine would envision that she was being touched by another girl, no one in particular, just someone like herself who enjoyed doing this for her. As the years went by, Chemaine became more developed and hornier, but had no interest in boys at all. She continued to masturbate several times a day, even at school, always thinking of girls but now the fantasies had her kissing and licking the pussy of her imaginary friends. Sometimes she would think about her teachers, but was afraid to tell anyone for fear that she would get in trouble. If only she knew then how many of the teachers lusted after her. One day when she was twelve, Chemaine found a dildo in her mom&#8217;s dresser. Chemaine took the dildo with built-in vibrator into her bedroom and started playing with it. She rubbed it around her pussy and turned the vibrator switch on. The buzzing was pretty quiet, but mom was out so it didn&#8217;t matter anyway. When she put the vibrator on her clit, she thought she would explode. Never had anything felt so good. Chemaine pressed it down harder on her clit and was soon having the best orgasm of her life &#8211; to that point anyway. She began to insert the tip of the dildo/vibrator into her opening. It felt nice, not as good as when she rubbed it on her clit, but pretty nice. She went in a little deeper until she felt like it hit something. Chemaine knew that this was the hymen and if she broke through it, she wouldn&#8217;t be a virgin anymore, not that she cared, but it felt better rubbing it on her clit anyway. After several orgasms, Chemaine licked the dildo clean (enjoying every second of that) and put it back. Her mom would not know. Yet.

It was a warm late April day when Chemaine came into the office after school. Rebecca and she had become friends over the course of the past year, and both had secretly lusted for each other. But Chemaine was a masturbator and not about to say anything. Rebecca, for her part, did not know that Chemaine was hot for her, and Goddess Phyllis kept Becca so satisfied that she did not pursue anything with the little girl. That is, until that day. Chemaine came in wearing her plaid school skirt and white blouse. She was sweating a bit and the sweat actually caused her nipple to sort of show through her blouse. Rebecca noticed this immediately and felt that old familiar tingling in her pussy. Rebecca was wearing a tank top and form fitting stretch pants; her nipples were rubbing against her shirt (with 32 Bs, Becca didn&#8217;t wear a bra) and now her pussy was definitely getting moist. Chemaine thought that Rebecca was looking at her differently and that made her pussy get wet. As Chemaine sat down, she intentionally let her skirt ride up on her and kept her legs spread. She saw Rebecca&#8217;s eyes immediately go to her crotch, and Rebecca gave her a really warm smile. Chemaine looked between her legs and could see that there was a big wet spot on her panties; this was what Becca was smiling at. Chemaine smiled back at Rebecca and noticed that Becca&#8217;s pants also had a wet spot between her legs. As they made eye contact, Rebecca said, �Chemaine, if you have time, I have a new version of the Sims in my room. We can go play if you&#8217;d like.� Rebecca had a room on campus and had always wanted to bring Chemaine up there. Today was the day. �Mom, can I go?� asked Chemaine of her mother. �Sure, honey, just be back by 4:30.� It was 2:30 now so they had two hours.

As the girls walked to Rebecca&#8217;s dorm room, they innocently took each other&#8217;s hands. �Maybe people will think we&#8217;re girlfriends,� said Rebecca gleefully. �I hope so,� said Chemaine, causing Rebecca to give her a quizzical look; Chemaine just smiled back. Rebecca picked up the pace; she knew what that smile meant. The girls entered the building and walked past the front desk. �Hi Bec,� said the student worker at the desk, a chubby red head who was always smiling. �Is that your sister?� Rebecca smiled. �Yes,� she lied, �this is my sister Chemaine.� �I could tell,� said chubby redhead, �you look so much alike.� Rebecca and Chemaine smiled at each other as they got into the elevator. It was a quick ride to the fourth floor, and the girls held hands the whole time, not saying anything other than commenting on how they �fooled� Crystal, the girl at the desk. They walked into Rebecca&#8217;s room and Rebecca excused herself to go to the bathroom while Chemaine checked out the place. Rebecca pulled her pants off and her hand went right to her cunt. God, she was hot. Hot and wet. She was going to have Chemaine and the thought was making her tingle. Those big tits and that round ass; her pussy must be wonderful also. Becca couldn&#8217;t take it anymore and gave herself a quick orgasm right then and there. Quickly composing herself, Rebecca decided to walk out of the bathroom with no pants on, just her tank top. Chemaine was standing by the computer and Rebecca was behind her before Chemaine even turned around. Rebecca reached around and grabbed Chemaine&#8217;s tits and pressed her body against Chemaine&#8217;s ass. Rebecca was squeezing pretty firmly, causing Chemaine to moan. �Does it hurt, baby?� asked Rebecca. �No, it feels wonderful,� said Chemaine. �It will feel much better without a bra and blouse on. Why not take them off?� Chemaine didn&#8217;t even attempt to unbutton the blouse but rather took it off over her head. Rebecca reached around and helped her with the bra straps. The two girls stood there looking at each other, one topless and the other bottomless. �Rebecca, my gosh, you have no pants on. I can see your pussy.� Rebecca inserted a finger into her pussy and put it in Chemaine&#8217;s mouth. Chemaine sucked it like an ice cream cone. �You are delicious, Rebecca,� said Chemaine. Rebecca smiled as she brought her mouth down on Chemaine&#8217;s left nipple and began sucking it as she fondled the other. After a minute of this, Rebecca switched tits, continuing the fondling and sucking. Chemaine had her eyes closed, head back and a huge smile on her face. Rebecca led her over to the bed, had her lay down and pulled her pants off, then took the skirt off. Chemaine was now totally naked, and Rebecca stepped back to soak in this sight. A thirteen year old beauty, horny as hell, lying in her bed. Rebecca&#8217;s bed, the same Rebecca who was taught the ways of female love by the master of them all, Goddess Phyllis.

Rebecca took her top off and lay down in bed next to Chemaine. The girls embraced and kissed, their tongues exploring every part of each other&#8217;s mouth. When they couldn&#8217;t stand it anymore, Rebecca turned so that she could get her mouth on Chemaine&#8217;s pussy. She looked back at Chemaine. �Has anyone ever sucked your pussy, baby?� �No,� Chemaine said. �I&#8217;ve never been with another girl, or anyone for that matter.� �That&#8217;s great Chemaine,� said Rebecca. �I&#8217;m going to eat your pussy until you come. Just lay back and enjoy, and then, if you want to, you can do it to me.� �Oh, I&#8217;ll want to Rebecca,� said Chemaine. �I&#8217;ve been wanting to for a long time.� Rebecca smiled and turned toward Chemaine&#8217;s pussy and lowered her head. The pussy was hairless and smelled delicious, very faint and very feminine. Out came Rebecca&#8217;s tongue as she licked up and down Chemaine&#8217;s vaginal lips, taking them in and sucking as she explored this paradise. Rebecca stuck her tongue all the way in Chemaine&#8217;s cunt, causing the thirteen year old to emit a loud moan of pleasure. Spreading Chemaine&#8217;s lips with her fingers, Rebecca found Chemaine&#8217;s clit and began licking it, running her tongue around in ever decreasing circles. She took the little bud in her mouth and began sucking, gently at first and then a little harder. She could feel Chemaine&#8217;s thighs tighten around her head and then the bucking started. Chemaine was having an incredibly powerful orgasm and Rebecca was keeping her mouth attached to the clit, bringing Chemaine to multiple orgasms. For her part, Chemaine had never had multiple orgasms and although she was not sure what was happening, she knew she didn&#8217;t want it to stop &#8211; ever. Finally, gradually the bucking subsided. Chemaine was feeling blissful. �Rebecca, I want to do that to you. I&#8217;ve always wondered what it will be like.� �It&#8217;ll be my pleasure, baby� said Rebecca as she brought her legs over Chemaine&#8217;s head and straddled her so that they were in the classic sixty-nine position. As soon as Becca&#8217;s cunt was in sight, Chemaine reached up and grabbed Rebecca&#8217;s ass and pulled her down onto her eagerly awaiting mouth. Chemaine was squeezing Becca&#8217;s ass cheeks and sucking on her pussy and loving every second of it. Rebecca was moving her pussy around, making sure that Chemaine could breathe but also rubbing her clit on Chemaine&#8217;s chin as the young lovely girl sucked the slit. Knowing she was close to coming, Rebecca lowered her head back to Chemaine&#8217;s pussy and began sucking on her surprisingly engorged clit. The girls continued their sucking until Chemaine, then Rebecca, moaned in pure passion as they each had a beautiful orgasm. Rebecca turned around and looked into Chemaine&#8217;s eyes. �You are wonderful, Chemaine. We are going to be doing this a lot to each other. There are so many things I want to teach you.� Chemaine smiled a big smile of a thirteen year old. �Wow, Rebecca, if they&#8217;re gonna make me feel as good as this did, I can&#8217;t wait!�









Chapter 14 Chemaine&#8217;s Mom

Continuing the story from Chapter 13, this is a recounting of events from one year ago.

It was almost 4:30, but the girls were not ready to part. Rebecca told Chemaine to call her mom and say that they were in the middle of a video game, and they would eat dinner and Rebecca would have Chemaine home by 7:30, a good time for a thirteen year old. Chemaine made the call while lying in bed with Rebecca&#8217;s head between her legs, gently lapping at her pussy lips. Rhonda, Chemaine&#8217;s mom, at first didn&#8217;t go for the idea, but Chemaine was pretty insistent and eventually her mom acquiesced. Chemaine hung up the phone and turned around so that she was facing Rebecca&#8217;s pussy. Without saying a word, Chemaine lowered her head and began sucking the beautiful pussy of her new best friend and lover. Wow, thought Chemaine, I have a lover. Chemaine licked Rebecca&#8217;s clit and sucked it nice and easy. For her part, Rebecca was mesmerized by Chemaine&#8217;s pussy. It was so smooth and perfect, yet wet and hot and, most of all, delicious. Rebecca licked her way down toward Chemaine&#8217;s ass and, with her hands spreading Chemaine&#8217;s ass cheeks, Rebecca began to lick her crack, taking dead aim on the little brown hole that she could smell. She licked Chemaine&#8217;s little, tight shit hole and was enjoying the taste and tightness of this virginal hole. Chemaine was moaning with delight while continuing to feast upon Rebecca&#8217;s pussy. Rebecca pulled her face out of Chemaine&#8217;s ass and inserted the tips of two fingers into her pussy, just to get them wet. Rebecca inserted her middle finger in Chemaine&#8217;s asshole and flexed it, pulled it out and put it back in. 

�Rebecca, what are you doing?� asked Chemaine. Rebecca was moving her middle finger in and out rhythmically while kissing Chemaine&#8217;s clit. �Can&#8217;t you tell what I&#8217;m doing, honey? I&#8217;m sticking my finger in your ass.� said Rebecca with a smile. �I like it,� cooed Chemaine. With that, Rebecca let her index finger join the middle finger during the next in motion. �Ummm,� moaned Chemaine. �I like that more.� �I knew you would Chemaine honey,� said Rebecca. �Do it to me.� Chemaine dipped her fingers in Rebecca&#8217;s pussy and pulling back on Rebecca&#8217;s right cheek, inserted her middle finger into the hole. Rebecca had a much bigger hole than Chemaine, of course, having been on the end of numerous ass fuckings. Chemaine was surprised how easy the finger went in and added the other. Even with two fingers in there, Chemaine didn&#8217;t feel any tightness. �My hole is big, honey. I&#8217;ve been fucked in my ass many times. It feels great. Try another finger.� Chemaine added a third and began the in-out motion that Rebecca had used on her. Three were good, but four might be better, thought Chemaine. She added the fourth and Rebecca&#8217;s willing asshole gladly accepted it. Chemaine was going in and out a good pace and Rebecca matched her rhythm. The two lovelies were sucking each other&#8217;s pussies and fucking each other&#8217;s assholes and they were like two animals in heat. Non-stop went the fingers, getting each other&#8217;s holes nice and gooey. Tongues darting in and out of pussies and swirling around clits and mouths sucking on vaginal lips and cunt holes added to the anal part has these girls on fire. They kept this up through many orgasms, pulling the fingers out only to prevent them from getting cramped and so that they could be licked clean. Before they knew it, it was 7:00 pm. 

�Geez, Rebecca, we were doing that for two hours?� asked Chemaine. �Yes, a little more, actually,� replied Rebecca. �Want a quick shower?� �No,� said Chemaine. �I want my mom to smell you on my face.� �Listen, Chemaine honey, I have to explain something.� C looked concerned. Rebecca saw this and smiled at her young lover. �No, nothing to worry about. I worship a woman known as Goddess Phyllis. She is a beautiful, incredibly sexy woman who has about forty or so women under her control.� Chemaine was puzzled. �What do you mean by control?� she asked. Rebecca continued. �We do anything and everything that Goddess Phyllis says. We can only orgasm with her permission, we fight to eat her shit or drink her piss, we follow her golden rule that pussies are for sucking, asses are for fucking, and we make love with anyone she tells us to. Control. We are punished if we disobey. Some girls have been whipped. Severely, but I never have been. I&#8217;m one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s inner circle, meaning I live with her and can be with her full time. Most girls are not so fortunate. Are you getting the idea?� Chemaine was looking at Rebecca with a combination of amazement and girlish innocence. �You&#8217;ve eaten poop?� asked Chemaine. �Yes, it can be very sexual under the right circumstances,� explained Rebecca. �Do you think that Goddess Phyllis will like me?� asked Chemaine without a hint of guile. Rebecca grinned. �She won&#8217;t like you, Chemaine, she will love you.�

The girls got dressed, with neither one bothering to put on panties or bras. It was still warm out as Rebecca and Chemaine made their way out to Becca&#8217;s car. They hopped in and drove to where Chemaine and her mom lived. Rebecca put her hand on Chemaine&#8217;s bare thigh. �Chemaine, I think it would be good if I slept over tonight. We need to seduce your mom so that she doesn&#8217;t give us any difficulty about our new relationship and the one that you&#8217;ll soon have with Goddess Phyllis. Besides, your mom&#8217;s got a great set of tits and a nice big ass and if all goes well, I&#8217;ll show you how to use a strap-on dildo.� Chemaine smiled lovingly at Rebecca. �I want to kiss my mom&#8217;s pussy and have her kiss mine. Can we do that, Rebecca?� asked Chemaine. �Of course, baby,� replied Rebecca. �Anything you want. You just do what you want and I&#8217;ll be there to back you up.� Chemaine began thinking up a few ideas.

The girls walked into the two bedroom apartment. Rhonda was sitting in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee. �Hi Mom!� said Chemaine cheerfully. �Rebecca&#8217;s with me.� �Hey Rhonda,� said Rebecca as the girls entered the kitchen. �Hello girls,� said Rhonda as her daughter walked right over to her and sat on her lap. Chemaine put her arms on her mother&#8217;s shoulders and, leaning forward quickly, planted a wet kiss on her mom&#8217;s mouth. Rhonda pulled back. �Chemaine, what do you think you&#8217;re doing?� �I love you Mommy, and I want to show you how much I love you,� said Chemaine as she put a finger in her panty-less pussy and spread the moisture on her mom&#8217;s lips. Rhonda was looking at Chemaine with stunned amazement as Chemaine suddenly grabbed both of her mom&#8217;s tits. Rhonda was braless and Chemaine had a good grip on each huge mammary and was twisting each one in an outwards direction. Before Rhonda could push her little daughter away, Chemaine was back with a kiss, a strong, forceful kiss with her tongue probing her mom&#8217;s mouth. She kept twisting and shaking her mom&#8217;s big boobs as she shifted a bit so that she could get access to her mom&#8217;s crotch. Rhonda couldn&#8217;t (or didn&#8217;t want to) break the kiss as Chemaine took her right hand off of Rhonda&#8217;s tit and moved it between her legs. Rhonda was wearing sweat pants and from what she could feel, Chemaine didn&#8217;t think that she had panties on. She squeezed her mom&#8217;s pussy with her right hand while twisting the left tit with her left hand and still kissing Rhonda passionately on the mouth. Rhonda put her hands on Chemaine&#8217;s shoulders, but rather than push her away, she wrapped her arms around her thirteen year old little angel and embraced her. Rhonda began kissing back and sticking her tongue in her daughter&#8217;s mouth and grinding her cunt into her daughter&#8217;s hand.

Rebecca was watching all of this with a great deal of pleasure but also some amazement. This little girl who has just been through her first love making experience this very day is able to seduce her straight, but apparently not that straight, mother in a matter of minutes. Amazing. But there they were, Chemaine and Rhonda kissing and Chemaine feeling the hell out of mommy. Chemaine moved her hand inside her mom&#8217;s pants. She had been right; Rhonda had no panties on. Chemaine explored her mother&#8217;s cunt and found her clit and began rubbing it and gently squeezing it. Rhonda was really getting wet and excited. Rebecca decided to join them since she was horny as hell watching this little scene play out. She guided Chemaine off of her mom&#8217;s lap and grabbed the waistband of Rhonda&#8217;s pants and pulled down. Rhonda instinctively arched her back to allow the pants to slide below her ass and waist as Becca pulled them all the way off. She knelt down in front of Rhonda and pulled Chemaine&#8217;s hand away from the orifice of her birth. Rebecca put her hands under Rhonda&#8217;s ample ass as she began to lick Rhonda&#8217;s cunt. Rhonda was very wet and her clit was nice and engorged. Rhonda and Chemaine were still locked in what may be a record setting kiss and now Rhonda was fondling her daughter&#8217;s gorgeous tits as Chemaine continued her squeezing of her mommy&#8217;s tits. Rebecca was enjoying Rhonda&#8217;s pussy. It was a little strong tasting, but that was due to the fact that she probably was putting things up there that didn&#8217;t belong, like dildos or vibrators or worse, maybe a real cock? Rebecca hoped not. Rebecca felt like Rhonda was close to coming, and she stopped. �Chemaine, stop the kissing a second.� Chemaine immediately stopped and looked at Rebecca. Rebecca smiled and made a kissing gesture with her mouth toward Chemaine. �I love you, Rebecca,� said Chemaine. �I love you, too, baby� replied Rebecca. �And, I&#8217;m going to fuck your mother in the ass. What do you say to that?� Chemaine smiled a big ear-to-ear smile and said �Great, Becca! Can I try it too?� Rebecca loved Chemaine&#8217;s enthusiasm and said �Sure, Chemaine honey, I have two strap-on dildos and we can take turns fucking your mother in the ass.�

Rebecca pulled her dress off and put her dildo on. Chemaine thought Rebecca looked so great standing there with the 8 inch dildo jutting out in front of her. �Chemaine, take your mother over to the couch and have her lean against the back of it.� Chemaine took Mom by the hand and led her to the designated spot. Rhonda showed no signs of resistance at all, which did not surprise Rebecca in the least. Not with a pussy that wet, a daughter so young and hot and probably a lack of sex. �Rhonda, when was the last time you had a man?� asked Rebecca. �About two years ago,� replied Rhonda, never bothering to think why she was answering questions of a personal nature. Rebecca noted this, however, and knew that the �hard� part was over; Rhonda was now a willing participant. As Chemaine stroked her mom&#8217;s ass and pussy, Rebecca was setting up her notebook computer so that her web cam could capture what was about to transpire. �Chemaine, put a finger in mom&#8217;s ass,� ordered Rebecca. Chemaine put her middle finger in her mom&#8217;s ass and wiggled it around. They were ready.

Next: Rhonda&#8217;s Ass










Chapter 15 Rhonda&#8217;s Ass

Continuing the story from Chapters 13 and 14, this is a recounting of events from one year ago.

Rebecca slowly walked over to the couch, giving Chemaine time to work what were now three fingers in and out of her mom&#8217;s ass. Rhonda seemed content to stay leaning on her arms on the back of the couch and moving her ass in a circular motion in response to her daughter&#8217;s fingering. Becca decided that the dildo she had on was not big enough, so she removed it from the strap-on harness and replaced it with a larger one, a ten inch long and two inch wide one. Ahh, perfect, thought the lithe little brown skinned beauty who happened to be a master with a strap-on. She approached the mother-daughter combo; Chemaine gave Becca that great big smile of hers that Rebecca had come to love and pulled her fingers out of her mother&#8217;s ass and promptly began licking and sucking them. She offered some to Rebecca, but Bec declined; she had her mind geared to fucking that large, round ass that was staring at her. Putting some lube on the entire length of cock jutting out in front of her, Rebecca positioned herself behind Rhonda&#8217;s behind, placed the head of the cock against Rhonda&#8217;s asshole, and plunged hard and deep. �Ohhh,� moaned Rhonda in a combination of pain and pleasure and surprise. Rebecca wasted no time as she began fucking Rhonda&#8217;s distended asshole at a rapid rate. Rhonda was just short enough that her ass lined up perfectly for Rebecca and would be good for Chemaine also. After perhaps ten minutes of some vigorous anal fucking, Rebecca told Chemaine to put the harness on. �It goes on like panties, Chemaine,� explained Rebecca. �Just pull it up and tighten the belt in back.� Chemaine stepped into the strap-on harness and tightened it. �I feel a little nob pressing on my clit,� said Chemaine. �That is to stimulate the clit while you fuck. The harder you fuck the more stimulation you get, �said Becca. Now for the finishing touch. �Chemaine, baby, in the bag is a dildo that is ten by four. It has a J on it. Take that one and attach it to your harness.� Chemaine looked in the bag and pulled out the dildo with the J on it and attached it to the harness. Rebecca gasped. The sight of Chemaine standing there with a huge dildo protruding from her small, big titted, big assed body was dazzling. Plunging ever harder into Rhonda&#8217;s ass, Rebecca yelled at her. �Look at your daughter, Rhonda. See what awaits you.� Rhonda turned her head and was stunned. There was her darling little girl standing there, hands on hips with a massive phony cock sticking out in front of her. And such a big smile on her face, like the proverbial kid in a candy store. Rhonda looked again at the massive dong. She can&#8217;t possibly stick that it me, can she, worried Rhonda? 

Rebecca was really pumping Rhonda&#8217;s ass at an incredible rate of speed. No wonder she was known as a master of the strap-on. Not only was she ramming the hell out of Rhonda but she was about to come from the rubbing of the nob inside the harness against her clit. At last the orgasm came, and Rebecca was pulling Rhonda&#8217;s ass every which way as she shook with orgasmic delight. A nice hard orgasm to follow a hard fucking. �Chemaine, I need to rest. C&#8217;mere with that monster and fuck mommy&#8217;s ass.� With that, Rebecca pulled out of Rhonda&#8217;s ass and pulled Rhonda by the hair so that she could see her daughter walking toward her and so that she could lick this dildo that had just been inside her. Rhonda liked her own ass taste. Becca pushed her head back onto the couch back and smacked her ass as Chemaine lubed up. She took up the position behind her mother and pushed the head of the massive dong into her mom&#8217;s hole. The extra width on this was really stretching Rhonda and she could not contain a scream. �Yow, you&#8217;re gonna rip me apart,� she exclaimed in pain. Rebecca walked around to the front of the couch and kneeled on it so that she was face to face with Rhonda. Whap! Rebecca slapped Rhonda&#8217;s face with surprising ferocity. �Mouth shut, please, Mommy,� said Rebecca. �Chemaine, fuck her. Fuck her hard.� Chemaine pushed as hard as she could and felt the dildo slide into her mother. She pulled it out and pushed it in. Each time she pulled it out, her mother moaned and each time she pushed it in, her mother groaned. And with each groan came a slap in the face from Becca. Gradually, Rhonda learned not to groan and the slapping stopped. But not the fucking.

Chemaine did not know that anything could feel so stimulating like this. The feeling of the nob hitting her clit plus the sight of her mother taking this huge monster dildo in her ass caused such a feeling of power in Chemaine, something she had never felt before. �Rebecca,� she moaned, �I think I&#8217;m gonna come. This is so fantastic. I&#8217;m loving it.� �Come baby, but keep pounding that ass.� Chemaine did indeed pound her mother&#8217;s ass. She pounded it as she had an orgasm that was different than the ones earlier in the day. The exertion of all the energy and coming at the same time was intoxicating. Chemaine did not lose a beat while she came, a fact noticed by Rebecca. As the orgasm subsided, Chemaine fucked her mother harder, a lot harder. She had learned from watching Rebecca and she knew that harder and faster was better. Soon Chemaine was pumping like a locomotive and sweating profusely. Becca was ready to take over, but she couldn&#8217;t use the dildo she was wearing, for it would now be too small. She hoped she had another in her bag, and sure enough, she had another J model. Rebecca put this on and walked over behind Chemaine. She put her arms around Chemaine and squeezed those magnificent titties until Chemaine squealed with delight. �Chemaine,� said Rebecca, �pull out.� Chemaine withdrew her dildo, and both girls noticed some shit on the end of it. �Perhaps mom needs an enema,� suggested Rebecca. A huge smile broke out covering the darling young face of Chemaine. �Do you have that with you?� she asked. �I have a suppository,� said Rebecca. �That is easy to carry and works pretty quickly. I&#8217;ll get one.� Rebecca returned to her bag and found a prescription strength dissolving type and grabbed it. �Chemaine, drag your mom by the hair into the bathroom.� 

Chemaine grabbed her mom&#8217;s ponytail and led her into the bathroom. �Lift the lid and bend over the bowl,� ordered Rebecca. Rhonda did just that and waited. Rebecca inspected the now quite large anus of Chemaine&#8217;s mom, put the suppository in between her thumb and forefinger and inserted her hand in Rhonda&#8217;s ass. Up in the ass it disappeared, until Rebecca was in there up to her forearm. She left the suppository as far up as possible and pulled her arm out in a very slow manner, moving it side to side as it came out. �In a few minutes, you will have the urge to shit, but you will not until you ask your daughter for permission. Understand?� Rhonda said, �Yes, Rebecca.� Rebecca expected this and smacked Rhonda quite hard on her ass. �You will address me as Mistress Rebecca and your daughter as Mistress Chemaine. Now do you understand?� �Yes, Mistress Rebecca,� said Rhonda. Rebecca whispered in Chemaine&#8217;s ear. �Don&#8217;t let her sit until she is really sweating and shaking, and don&#8217;t let her release until she can barely hold it. Ok?� Chemaine kissed Rebecca and smiled. �Yes, sounds like fun.�&nbsp; Within a minute, Rhonda started feeling the effects of the enema like substance dissolving up her ass. �I need to sit. May I, Mistress Chemaine?� Chemaine looked at her mom and smiled. �No, not yet.� The need to go was getting worse. �Please, Mistress Chemaine, I need to go badly. Please, may I? �pleaded Rhonda. �No,� said Chemaine firmly. Beads of sweat broke out on Rhonda&#8217;s forehead and she emitted s low moan. �Sit, Mom, but still hold it in,� ordered Chemaine. Rhonda sat down and was now sweating profusely. �Hold it,� warned Chemaine. Seconds passed. A fart passed from Rhonda&#8217;s clenched anus, causing both Chemaine and Rebecca to giggle. Finally, Chemaine said, �Ok, Mommy, let it go.� Immediately, the shit began pouring out of Rhonda&#8217;s ass along with accompanying farts. It sounded like a liquid being poured from a glass into the water. Gradually, the pouring out of the shit subsided, leaving Rhonda with her head down and feeling quite drained. �Wipe your ass,� ordered Rebecca, handing Rhonda some paper towels. Rhonda wiped and wet one sheet to clean the hole. �Good idea, Rhonda,� said Rebecca. We&#8217;re not done with that hole just yet.

This time, Rebecca grabbed the ponytail and led Rhonda back to the couch. Leaning her over like before, Rebecca lubed her fist and explained to Chemaine, �This is called fisting. It&#8217;s simple. You make a fist, lube it up and pow! The fist goes up your mother&#8217;s ass.� Rebecca took aim at Rhonda&#8217;s ass, kicked her legs a bit farther apart, and punched, hard and quick. The fist breached the opening and went in the ass as Rebecca pushed it up to almost her elbow. She moved her arm causing Rhonda to shake like a rag doll. Becca pulled her arm out. �Try it, Chemaine?� she asked. �Oh, yes Rebecca,� said Chemaine as she began lubing her own fist. Taking aim, Chemaine delivered a nice left-handed punch that went surprisingly easily into her mother&#8217;s anal crevice. Chemaine pulled out and pushed in several times and then pulled all the way out. She punched again and entered and pulled out and did it again. She wasn&#8217;t just fist fucking but more like punching the crap, figuratively, out of her mother&#8217;s ass. �Please, Rebecca, lube up my right hand.� Chemaine gave her right fist to Rebecca who got it good and greasy. Chemaine pulled out her left arm out and punched with the right one. She entered, pulled it out and punched again with the left. Left, right, left, right, the ass pounding was continuing, bringing a cheer of encouragement from Rebecca. �Pound your mother, Chemaine darling. Punch her senseless.� And that is what Chemaine did, punching her mother&#8217;s ass until she passed out. Chemaine and Rebecca finally took off their strap-ons (they forgot they were still wearing them), laid down on the floor, and began going to town on each other&#8217;s pussies and asses. A veritable feast for the mouth.

And thus is the story of Chemaine, the young girl who is now one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s prized pretty possessions.


Next: Chapter 16 Chemaine&#8217;s New School











Chapter 16 Chemaine&#8217;s New School

This portion of the saga is four months from the prior and eight months from the present.

After spending several months learning the ways of womanly love from Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine was, well, to put it mildly, a stud. Now fourteen, she was filling out, which is a lot to say considering she was a 38-30-38 when Rebecca first made love to her. The last measurements has her still a 38 on top but now triple D. Fourteen and triple D. And now she was five feet tall, well actually Chemaine had grown a little over an inch to 4&#8217;11� plus a bit. But that body, and when she wore a strap-on, she was just too hot to look at. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mom and sister loved Chemaine and treated both her and Rebecca as sisters/daughters.

Goddess Phyllis had a small interest in a private girl&#8217;s school called the Mt Holyoke Academy. This was where Chemaine would attend her freshman year of high school, but she also had an extra assignment. Seduce the headmistress, Ms O&#8217;Connor. Ms O&#8217;Connor was a known lesbian, at least known to Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis knew this during their first meeting and she could have had her right then and there; the way O&#8217;Connor was looking at Goddess Phyllis was unbridled lust. But Goddess Phyllis knew the right time would come. And the time was now and the vehicle was Chemaine.

Chemaine and Rebecca had worked out a plan wherein Chemaine would get sent to the headmistress&#8217;s office for an infraction and once there would have Rebecca called in (mom not available, but adult sister is).&nbsp; What infraction? Rebecca thought it would be great if, after a while in class. Chemaine let her skirt rise so that her panties were visible. She could then play with herself so that the teacher could see and would no doubt end her to the office. Not wanting to dilly-dally, Chemaine would start in the first class on the first day. This was an English class taught by Ms Hunt. Hunt was a six foot tall lanky young lady with a really cute face. Chemaine nabbed a seat in the first row, right in the center and paid rapt attention the Ms Hunt&#8217;s, well, not her lecture but rather her cunt. Chemaine kept imagining what it looked like and if it was shaved like every pussy that she has ever seen except for her mom&#8217;s pussy, at least at the beginning. Now, her mom was shaved just as all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls are shaved. After daydreaming for the first half of class, Chemaine got down to business. Shifting around in her seat, she coyly lifted her dress to mid thigh. Ms Cunt, er, Ms Hunt did not seem to notice. Chemaine pulled the top part of her skirt, the part covering the thighs, farther up. Just as she did this, Hunt decided to sit on the front of her desk. Her skirt was too long for Chemaine to see up, but she was in perfect position. Chemaine took her pen and placed it in her hand under her skirt and began running it up and down her slit. At first, Ms Hunt did not notice, but that was fine since Chemaine was enjoying the nice feeling. After a few minutes, Ms Hunt finally looked below Chemaine&#8217;s smiling face and huge boobs (Hunt did seem to linger a bit on the boobs) and noticed how high up on the thighs Chemaine&#8217;s dress was. She quickly noticed that Chemaine&#8217;s hand was also between her legs. Ms Hunt got a bit flustered and lost her train of thought. Was this girl playing with herself right in class, thought Ms Hunt? Ms Hunt got up and walked behind her desk. Now she had a better view and not only was Chemaine&#8217;s hand between her legs, she was playing with her pussy using a pen. Ms Hunt was transfixed now as well as flustered and knew that the girls were wondering why she was not saying anything. Acting on instinct, Ms Hunt said �Girls, time for a writing assignment. Take out your notebooks and write a five paragraph essay about your favorite time of the year.� The usual moans and groans came from the rest of the class, but Chemaine just smiled and opened her notebook, leaving her pen and hand exactly where they were She did not have any intention of writing anything. As the pen kept going up and down her pussy, she was getting wet and Chemaine just knew that her panties would now have a good sized wet spot. She looked up and saw that Ms Hunt was staring directly at her the wet spot. Chemaine looked at Hunt&#8217;s pretty face until the teacher looked up and caught Chemaine staring at her. Ms Hunt turned a beet red and sat down at her desk and pretended to look for something in the draw. Daring to look up, Hunt saw that Chemaine was still staring at her and smiling. Glancing lower, Ms Hunt could still see the pen moving up and down over the wet area on Chemaine&#8217;s pretty pink panties. Chemaine brought the pen up to her mouth and sucked on it, then quickly returned it to her crotch. It was a good thing that the other girls were busy with their writing assignments because Ms Hunt was now blatantly staring at Chemaine&#8217;s crotch. 
Chemaine used the tip of the pen to push aside a section of panty, exposing her left vaginal lip. Ms Hunt&#8217;s eyes bulged and, without realizing it, she licked her lips. Chemaine quickly pulled the material back over and continued stroking her pussy. 

Ms Hunt finally looked up at Chemaine and smiled. Hunt&#8217;s mind was reeling; she was outraged by such behavior but she could not deny that it turned her on. Her pussy felt wet and Ms Hunt was glad that she had a longish skirt on. What should she do? Did Chemaine think she could just sit there and play with herself, in class? Anywhere in public, for that matter, is not appropriate. �Chemaine, please see me after class. Ok?� asked Ms Hunt. �Sure, Ms Hunt, not a problem,� said a smiling Chemaine to her teacher. Chemaine smiled. Who would be teaching who soon, she wondered. Finally, class was over. Chemaine sat until the other girls had left and then walked up to Ms Hunt&#8217;s desk. Her big titties were eye level with the sitting teacher and it definitely drew Hunt&#8217;s attention. So much so that Ms Hunt, despite herself, was again blatantly staring. �You love my tits, don&#8217;t you Ms Hunt?� asked Chemaine sweetly. �You sure do like to stare at them.� Ms Hunt turned red and said to Chemaine, �I&#8217;m sorry for what you think is staring. It&#8217;s just that I am rather flat chested and you breasts are so big and round.� �Would you like to see them?� asked Chemaine. Before Hunt could answer, Chemaine had her hands under her blouse and around back, taking off that wretched bra. Opening one more button, Chemaine brought the twins out and stuck them in Ms. Hunt&#8217;s face. Hunt rubbed her face against them and then sat up and cupped them in her hands, then lifted them to feel the weight. �God, these are magnificent,� said Ms Hunt. �Listen, cover up and I&#8217;m going to have to report you to Ms O&#8217;Connor. I&#8217;m sorry, but you&#8217;re behavior is not appropriate.� Chemaine gave Ms Hunt that big grin of hers. �Ok. Can I tell her that you felt and kissed my titties?� Hunt gulped. �Tell her anything you feel necessary to explain why you did this.� 

Off they went to the office of headmistress Ms O&#8217;Connor, a sixty year old well mannered and refined lover of women, but really just a dyke. Leigh, her first name, was careful about her lesbian activities. She had a couple of regular girlfriends among the teachers, but they were not blatant. With these women, Leigh was a dominant type, always being controlling and enjoying the control and causing her friends a bit if pain and humiliation. But what Leigh loved best were the young girls. She would usually be able to find one a year to be her �special friend,� a girl she knew would not tell her parents and keep things cool. With this young friend, Leigh was not at all dominant but more loving and nurturing. It was an interesting contrast. Leigh O&#8217;Connor met Chemaine last week, recommended for admission by that blonde beauty she recently met named Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis, she called herself. There was something about Phyllis that would not leave Leigh&#8217;s mind. Who knows? Maybe she was a real goddess. But this Chemaine, oh my god. The tits on her. Huge! And she was so pretty, with those high cheekbones and that light brown color and big smile. Oh yes, thought Leigh, if there was ever a young girl she absolutely must have, Chemaine was it. Now, she was on her way to Ms O&#8217;Connor&#8217;s office with that lovely Theresa Hunt. Chemaine was a bad girl? Leigh wondered.

Knock on the door. �Come in please,� said Ms O&#8217;Connor calmly, although her heart was beating fast. The thought of Chemaine made her heart beat fast every time. The two of them entered. What a pair, thought Leigh. A six foot beauty with very small tits and a five foot even more of a beauty with enormous tits. Leigh could her feel her crotch getting wet already. As Theresa and Chemaine approached her desk, Leigh bade them to sit down. As Leigh looked at them, Theresa was on her right and Chemaine on the left. It also looked as though Chemaine&#8217;s skirt had ridden up a pretty good way up her thighs, and beautiful thighs they were. Leigh cleared her throat. �Why are you bringing Chemaine to me, Theresa?� asked Leigh. Theresa cleared her throat, too. �Ms O&#8217;Connor, I am sorry, but I thought I had to report this. Chemaine was, well, I don&#8217;t know, I guess you&#8217;d say she was playing with herself in class.� Leigh felt like she had been given an electric shock, but she thought she kept her demeanor. �Can you be a little more specific, Theresa?� asked the headmistress. �She was sitting in the front row with her skirt even higher than it is now, and she was rubbing a pen up and down her slit through her panties. When she noticed that I was watching, she pulled the material aside with her pen and put the pen in her opening. Then she put the pen in her mouth!� Theresa choked a little on the last part and began to sob a little. Ms O&#8217;Connor was now quite hot and could feel her pussy getting quite wet now. She looked at Chemaine and the young beauty just sat there and smiled. Leigh wanted her so much that she literally ached.

�Chemaine, is what Ms Hunt says true? Were you playing with your private area right there in the front row?� asked Leigh. �Yes, Ms O&#8217;Connor. It is all true.� Leigh had no doubt that it was true, and erotic as hell, too. �Chemaine, why did you do that?� asked the headmistress. �Ms Hunt is so pretty that she made my pussy get wet. I like to touch it when it gets hot like that. I didn&#8217;t think it was a big deal,� explained Chemaine. Leigh looked at Ms Hunt. �Theresa, did you talk to Chemaine after class about this?� asked Leigh. Theresa gulped and turned red. �Yes, Ms O&#8217;Connor, I attempted to.� Leigh raised an eyebrow. �Attempted too? What does that mean?� Theresa tried to continue. �When Chemaine came to my desk, she accused me of staring at her breasts, and then she unhooked her bra and took her tits out. Then she stuck them in my face!� sobbed Theresa. Hearing that almost brought Leigh to orgasm, but she held back. What a story this was turning out to be. �Anything else?� asked Leigh. �One more thing,� said Chemaine, �Ms Hunt rubbed her face on my titties, then felt and squeezed them. She even said they were magnificent!� With that, Chemaine started laughing and Theresa continued sobbing. �Theresa, this is true?� asked Leigh. Ms Hunt could only nod her head affirmatively. Leigh O&#8217;Connor stood up, looking rather nice in her skirt and jacket and dark blouse. �Well, it seems to me like we now have two problems. A horny student and a horny teacher. Which should I deal with first?� Chemaine raised her hand as if she was in class, causing Leigh to chuckle. �Yes, Chemaine?� she asked. �I think this is all my fault, Ms O&#8217;Connor, and I guess Ms Hunt just couldn&#8217;t help herself. After all, I&#8217;m told that I am very attractive,� said Chemaine. �I guess you should deal with me first.�&nbsp; Leigh smiled. �Chemaine, attractive is too mild a word to describe you. Gorgeous is better. What do you think, Theresa?� Theresa had finally stopped sobbing. �Magnificent is the word that comes to mind,� she said. �Yes, magnificent is good, Theresa,� said Leigh. Leigh walked over to Theresa and grabbed her chin in her hand and looked her right in the eye. �Theresa, if given the opportunity, would you go down on Chemaine? You know, lick her pussy?� Theresa gulped. �I never done anything like that,� said Theresa, sobbing again. �But I think I would.� Leigh smiled and looked at Chemaine. �I think I would, too,� said the headmistress.

�Ms O&#8217;Connor, I need to call my sister Rebecca. I promised her that if there were going to be any sexual games that I would invite her. She&#8217;s only a couple of minutes away.�&nbsp; Chemaine didn&#8217;t wait for a response and was immediately on the phone with Rebecca. �Come right over, Becca,� said Chemaine. �There are two hot women here who want to suck my pussy.� Chemaine looked at the headmistress. �You met Rebecca, Leigh. Mind if I call you Leigh?� �Call me anything, Chemaine,� said Leigh O&#8217;Connor, headmistress of Mt Holyoke Academy for Girls. �Yes, of course I remember Rebecca,� said Leigh. �She is beautiful.� Chemaine smiled. �Yes she is. Since Theresa is new to this, I think that Rebecca should indoctrinate her to womanly love. But you, Leigh, I know that you are an old dyke and very experienced. I think your mouth on my pussy will feel nice. I&#8217;ll let you eat me if you beg me enough. Will you do that for me,� asked sweet little Chemaine. �That and anything else you want,� said Leigh.

Next: Chapter 17 Chemaine Dominates the Headmistress









Chapter 17 Chemaine Dominates the Headmistress

This portion of the saga, a continuation of Chapter 16, is four months from Chapter 15 and eight months from the present.


Rebecca enters without knocking and surveys the situation. Her darling Chemaine is sitting in a big easy chair with her right leg over the arm, her dress up to her waist and her hand rubbing her thigh. Standing in front of her watching Chemaine&#8217;s crotch is Leigh O&#8217;Connor, headmistress of Mt Holyoke Academy who has her arm around a very pretty tall woman also gazing longingly at Chemaine&#8217;s crotch. Chemaine looks back over her shoulder and says, �Hey Becca, check these two out. You know Ms O&#8217;Connor. This tall one is my English teacher, Theresa Cunt, er, Hunt. Theresa here is very new to all of this. She was totally straight until she met the twins,� laughed Chemaine. Actually, Rebecca didn&#8217;t think that Chemaine was kidding, and she wasn&#8217;t. A pair of tits such as those on Chemaine could turn a straight woman gay, or a gay man straight, for that matter. To see them is to want to touch them and fondle, lick and suck them, too. 

�Why are you here in the first place, baby?� asked Rebecca. �Theresa brought me here because I was playing with my pussy in class. But she&#8217;s cute, isn&#8217;t she, Bec? I couldn&#8217;t help myself.� �No, Chemaine, I can see why. And when your pussy gets juicy, you just gotta touch it. Anyone can understand that.� Rebecca looked at Theresa, giving her a cold, hard stare. �You fondled a fourteen year old girl&#8217;s tits? What kind of pervert are you?� asked Rebecca in mock disgust. Theresa looked down. �Look me in the eye, bitch!� yelled Rebecca. Chemaine smiled at the forcefulness of Rebecca, but after all, she had been trained by Goddess Phyllis. Theresa looked at Rebecca. After a pause, Rebecca spoke. �Turn around and lean on the desk. Spread you legs. Leigh, do you have something to tie her arms with?� Yes, Rebecca, I have some rope.� �Well, get it if you want some pussy, lady,� said Rebecca mockingly. Leigh ran to the closet and was back in a flash with several long strands of rope. �Hmm, seems you are prepared for anything, Leigh,� said Rebecca. �I try to be,� answered Leigh. �Tie her hands together so that she can rest her head on them,� ordered Rebecca. Leigh did so rather skillfully as Rebecca removed Theresa&#8217;s skirt and ripped off her panties. Reaching into her bag, Rebecca pulled out a strap-on dildo, about eight inches long; one of her smaller ones. As she put this on, she spoke to all the girls. �Theresa, I&#8217;m going to fuck your ass. Ever had it in the ass before?� Theresa was sobbing again. �Yes, my husband and I tried it once. It hurt.� Rebecca let out a sharp laugh. �Ha, it hurt? Well, honey, you don&#8217;t know what hurt means. Chemaine, what do you want to do with the old gray fox over here?� Chemaine had to chuckle at the fox comment. �I told Leigh she could eat me if she begged me properly.� �That sounds nice,� said Rebecca as she lubed up the dildo. Rebecca placed the head of the slippery, rubber phallus right on Theresa&#8217;s asshole and pushed. It slid in nice and easy. Rebecca only went half way in for the first few pushes, then gradually picked up both speed and depth. It took about two minutes for Rebecca to each full ass fucking speed, and she was moving all around and, to her credit, Theresa seemed to be enjoying it. She was not crying and her eyes were open, yet half way shut. Theresa was enjoying getting her anus stretched and fucked.

Chemaine and Leigh were watching Rebecca&#8217;s assault on Ms Cunt&#8217;s asshole and enjoying the show. Chemaine looked at Leigh. �Well, you want to taste me? Start begging, but get those stupid clothes off first. �Yes, thank you Chemaine,� said Leigh as she stood up and took her jacket off. Chemaine stood too and gave Leigh a friendly but firm slap in the face. �Listen both of you,� barked out Chemaine in a surprisingly authoritarian tone for one so young. �You are to refer to me as Mistress Chemaine and my sister as Mistress Rebecca. If you forget, you&#8217;ll get hurt.� �Hurt a lot,� added Rebecca. Leigh was taking off her bra now, letting those big old tits flop out. They were pretty nice for a woman in her sixties, actually. Her skirt was off quickly, leaving Leigh O&#8217;Connor, headmistress of Mt Holyoke School for hot pussies, standing there in only her white panties with the big wet spot in the crotch. Chemaine stood up and walked up to Leigh, who at 5&#8217;5� was not that much bigger than Chemaine, and grabbed herself a big handful of Leigh&#8217;s pussy. Leigh trembled and couldn&#8217;t control that fact that she was beginning to orgasm. Chemaine could feel and see this and kept her hand on Leigh&#8217;s cunt as the older woman was shaking and moaning and her cunt was soaking through her panties. Chemaine kept squeezing until the orgasms subsided; it seemed so long that there must have been more than one orgasm. Chemaine smelled her wet hand and walked over to give Rebecca a smell. �Hmm, nice,� said Rebecca as she continued to pound a now limp Theresa Cunt, er, Hunt. Chemaine gave Theresa a smell, and unfortunately, Theresa at this point was not able to form a thought other than what was going on in her ass, but she did sort of smile. Coming back to Leigh, Chemaine said, �Now that you had a nice orgasm, do you still want to eat me?� �Oh god, yes, Mistress Chemaine. Please, more than ever. I know I am not worthy, but please let me as my mouth is skilled at pussy eating. Please Mistress Chemaine. Please. Please� Chemaine smiled. �If that&#8217;s begging, it is a bit lame. Lay down on the floor.� Leigh lay down as instructed. �Lay flat but get up on your elbows,� instructed Chemaine. Leigh was laying flat on the floor with her upper body resting on her elbows. �Grind your pussy on the floor while you beg me some more,� commanded the fourteen year old stud. Leigh commenced to rotating her hips on the carpeted floor, trying to rub her cunt on the, well, rug on rug. �Please, Chemaine, I need to taste you so badly. I came just from your touch, I am so hot for you. Oh god, Mistress Chemaine, I need to put my mouth on your pussy. Grace me with your pee if you would like. Anything for you. Use me, do whatever, just give me a taste,� begged Leigh O&#8217;Connor. 

Chemaine took off her panties and put them in Leigh&#8217;s mouth. �Suck them! Suck my juice out of them!� Leigh certainly did not need to be told twice as she began sucking these panties like a woman possessed, which is exactly what she was. �Play with you tits while you suck!� barked Chemaine. Leigh was now on her knees, playing with her tits with both hands while sucking Chemaine&#8217;s panties. After a few minutes, the words that Leigh ached to hear. �C&#8217;mere, Ms O&#8217;Connor and lick my pussy,� said Chemaine in a sassy voice. Leigh moved so quickly that she fell on her side, but quickly got up and was my Chemaine&#8217;s crotch in a jiffy. Her face was only a few inches away. �Stick your tongue out, Leigh,� ordered Chemaine. Out came Leigh&#8217;s tongue. Chemaine put her hands on the back of Leigh&#8217;s head and slowly, very slowly, pulled her head closer to where Leigh&#8217;s tongue was just about touching Chemaine&#8217;s pussy. The smell was making Leigh&#8217;s head spin. Finally, Chemaine pulled Leigh all the way in and heard Chemaine say, �Lick me, Leigh. Eat me, lick my clit, make me come. Show me how good you are.� Leigh turned into a sucking machine, a licking machine, a living vacuum. Realizing that this pussy was more delicious that she ever imagined pussy could be, Leigh reached back on her many years of lesbian love making to leave no stone unturned to please Chemaine&#8217;s pussy. Leigh gently sucked on the lips, inserted her tongue within the fantastic opening, licked and sucked the clit. Leigh used her mouth, tongue, teeth, nose and chin to please her new little mistress. She was firm but gentle, fast yet slow but all in all, Chemaine was quite enjoying this. Very much so. As her orgasm was beginning, Chemaine yelled out, �Becca, this one is good. She can really eat pussy. Ohhhh�� trailed off Chemaine as her orgasm reached its pinnacle. Chemaine bucked her thighs as she always did when coming and was giving Leigh a good shaking, but Leigh held on, fully realizing that what was at stake was getting another opportunity to suck this, the most incredible pussy that she had ever had the pleasure to suck on in her forty plus years of eating pussy. �Stand up, Leigh,� ordered Chemaine. Leigh stood so that her crotch was on eye level with the sitting Chemaine. Chemaine reached up and grabbed Leigh&#8217;s cunt as she did last time, and as happened last time, Leigh trembled with orgasm.

All this while, Rebecca had not let up on her assault of Theresa&#8217;s ass. Now, after thirty minutes of some of the hardest pounding ever laid upon an anal virgin&#8217;s hole, Rebecca plunged in totally, reached behind her to undo the latch on the harness, and as the harness came off Rebecca, it hung from the part of the dildo sticking out of Theresa&#8217;s well fucked ass. Rebecca walked around so that she could see Theresa&#8217;s face. Theresa had her eyes open, but there was a glazed expression in her eyes. With her left hand, Rebecca continued the in and out motion in the ass. With her right hand, Rebecca reached between Theresa&#8217;s legs and grabbed her pussy. Wow, it was wet, thought Rebecca; she enjoyed her ass fucking, that&#8217;s for sure.&nbsp; Rebecca located Theresa&#8217;s clit and gave it a couple of squeezes, sending Theresa Cunt, er, Hunt, into the throes of the best orgasm she ever had.

Rebecca walked over to Chemaine and wrapped her up in a big hug and kiss. The two brown beauties looked out over their work. Leigh was leaning against her desk, clad only in what was now a sopping wet pair of panties, trembling with the aftershocks of her orgasm. Theresa was still head down on the desk with her ass sticking up, still wearing her blouse and bra and shoes but nothing else, also trembling with her slowly dissipating orgasm. �Ladies, I enjoyed this afternoon, and I think I speak for myself and Chemaine when I say that you are now ours. You belong to us and will obey us totally and completely. If not, well, you will not have sex with us again. Do you both agree?� Almost in unison, the formerly straight English teacher and the dike headmistress both said, �Yes Mistress Rebecca, yes Mistress Chemaine.�

�Leigh, I know you probably want to continue with Theresa here, which is fine, but leave her asshole alone. Bring her with you when you come to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s house tonight. You are fortunate in that she will meet with you. Here is the address,� said Rebecca, handing Leigh a card with the address of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s modest twelve room house. As you may have expected, Leigh was so totally overcome with Goddess Phyllis and her harem that she would do anything that Goddess Phyllis asked. And she asked. By the end of the night, Goddess Phyllis was now the majority owner of the Mt Holyoke School for Girls. Leigh O&#8217;Connor was still headmistress but now was accountable to Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca, and especially young Chemaine.

Future chapters will delve more into Theresa Cunt, er, Hunt and the story of how her infatuation with Chemaine&#8217;s tits changed her life. Leigh O&#8217;Connor will be back in future chapters about the girl&#8217;s school. What a place for Goddess Phyllis to find new bodies and who better to be there on a regular basis than Chemaine? But next up is a needed return to the present.










Chapter 18 Back to the Present

I hope that everyone enjoyed the journey into the past and learning more about the beautiful fourteen year old Chemaine and how she came to prominence. Goddess Phyllis was and is very protective of Chemaine and only allows a select few to eat her pussy or do anything with her, truth be told. Those few are, of course, Mommy, Baby, Rebecca, and perhaps a bit surprisingly, Nurse Linda, the newest member of the group, which currently includes the aforementioned foursome plus Elena, Erin and Roxanna. Well, I guess the judge should be included, but he is even lower than me on the food chain. It has been six months now that I have been Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s shit boy, and I am proud to say that she considers me her best slave ever. I have only tasted the whip that one time when Mistress Elly grabbed my cock during an anal fucking adventure (see Chapter 3 &#8211; Anal Elly) and made me come without permission. I drink, on a daily basis, the urine of Goddess Phyllis, Baby, Elly, Rebecca and Chemaine. The judge drinks that of Erin, Elena (his wife), Roxanna and now Nurse Linda, although I think that Linda will be my responsibility pretty soon. Most of the time I drink right from the fountain. The lady snaps her fingers and I am there, they grab my head, place it between their legs and let go the stream. The first of the morning is the best; hot and tasty. The piss flows right down my throat into my stomach. I would never have become the successful slave that I am now if I hadn&#8217;t learned this technique. 

As Chapter 12 concluded, Elena had just been fucked senseless by Rebecca and the fucking machine. Nurse Linda performed beyond expectations and Goddess Phyllis was pleased about that.&nbsp; What to do about Roxanna? Her mouth was too good to belong only to Elena, that old cunt. Goddess Phyllis already had 100 million from Elena and still maintained total control over her. Damn, thought Goddess Phyllis, all that matters is me. I&#8217;m keeping Roxanna and sending away Elena, the judge and Erin. Nurse Linda will fill in fine as bodyguard for anyone needing one and Erin can help Elena adjust to life without Roxanna. This will be a good test of how well Elena learned the invaluable lessons taught by Goddess Phyllis. Time will tell.

Goddess Phyllis called her girls together (I was in the corner of the room, in the corner, which was my usual spot) and told them of her realignment plan. There was total agreement and kudos to Goddess Phyllis for her wonderful idea. All of a sudden, a knock on the door. I scurry over to see who it is. Back from a week&#8217;s vacation with her biological mom Rhonda, it was Chemaine! She was back, and nothing could make Goddess Phyllis happier. �Chemaine, baby, c&#8217;mere,� called out Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine ran over to her real mother and the two of them kissed with a passion that could be felt across the room. �How are you?� �Oh Goddess Phyllis,� said Chemaine, �we had a great time. Mom, show Goddess Phyllis your ass!� Rhonda turned around, bent over, pulled out her butt plug and spread her cheeks. Her asshole was huge! Bigger than Babe&#8217;s maybe? Time will tell. �Chemaine, what did you do?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I fucked her like Rebecca taught me, long and hard and often. I fucked her with my strap-on but also with anything that I could find; fruit, vegetables, toilet bowl brushes.� �Nice,� said Goddess Phyllis. �I bet that roughed up her innards pretty well.� �Yes,� said Chemaine. �It sure made her bleed, Goddess Phyllis. I also had her wear a butt plug most of the day.� �Chemaine, you are a stud,� commended Goddess Phyllis. �Did Mom get to do anything with you?� �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis, I let her eat my pussy and suck my ass. I even let her put a finger in my ass and lick it. She loved that!� Goddess Phyllis was extremely pleased. �Chemaine, you did great! I can&#8217;t believe you mom&#8217;s ass. You must have spent all day working that hole.� Chemaine smiled that huge smile that lit up her now fourteen year old face. �All day and most of the night, too. The interesting thing is that the more I fucked mommy&#8217;s ass, the more she liked it. There were many times that she was begging for more.� Goddess Phyllis looked at Rhonda. �Rhonda, how is your ass feeling now?� she queried. �Goddess Phyllis, my ass feels great. Chemaine has me wearing a four inch butt plug almost all the time, and I love it when she punches my ass. And, oh my god, when she lets me eat her pussy and ass, I am in heaven. I love my little girl so much, Goddess Phyllis. Thank you so much.� Rhonda looked down after speaking. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Rhonda, you are now a part of my group. Your cunt produced a most remarkable little female who loves you on many levels, your asshole is outstanding, and you have learned how to please a pussy. Welcome!� Rhonda broke down in tears upon hearing this and Chemaine ran to Goddess Phyllis and gave her a huge hug and kiss. Not lost in this display of emotion, at least not to Goddess Phyllis, was that Goddess Phyllis had taken Rhonda&#8217;s daughter as her own, had Rhonda&#8217;s asshole assaulted by first Rebecca, then Chemaine and soon anyone and everyone, and Rhonda was thanking her for it. Such was the power of Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis addresses the group. I am huddled in a corner waiting for a command or for someone to need to piss or whatever. The girls are sitting around the living room on the sofa, chairs or the plushly carpeted floor. There are Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy Elly, sister Baby (Karen), Rebecca, Chemaine, Rhonda, Nurse Linda, fat Erin, Elena and Roxanna. The judge is lying on the floor of the bathroom since he is not fit to be in the room with superior beings such as these women. Goddess Phyllis speaks. �Girls, welcome Rhonda as a full time member of the group.� The girls all say, �Welcome Rhonda.� Goddess Phyllis continues. �Unfortunately, there are now more of you than I want here, and I need to send a few away, not permanently of course, but just not living here full time. Obviously, my mommy and sister must stay, as does Rebecca, Chemaine and her mommy, and Nurse Linda has proved herself with both her brain and brawn. Roxanna is a wonderful pussy eater and is now mine. That means that Elena and Erin, you are out of here. With the judge, of course, that low piece of less than crap.� When Goddess Phyllis paused, the room was so quiet that you could literally hear a pin drop. Eerie. I looked at Erin and could see that she was stunned; a glance at Elena showed that she was devastated. The tears began rolling down her face and although she didn&#8217;t make a sound, her lithe body was quivering. Goddess Phyllis spoke again. �Elena, this is an opportunity to show what you have learned. Erin is able to be dominated, and although I&#8217;m not telling either one of you who will be the dominant one, I think Elena can win out, but Erin, you can try to assert some dominance, if you have any. Elena, stop your weeping or I will become annoyed.� Goddess Phyllis made eye contact with Elena and, sure enough, Elena was able to stop crying. Such was the power of Goddess Phyllis.

Elena, Erin and the judge gathered up their belongings and headed out. As they were going, Goddess Phyllis said, �Girls, you&#8217;ll be invited back in a day or two for the showdown between Babe and Rhonda for the biggest asshole title. I think we may have a new champion. I&#8217;ll expect that by then, one of you will emerge as the dominant.� Both Elena and Erin said, in unison, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.�

Goddess Phyllis returns to her girls. �Congratulations, Linda. And Rhonda, too. Mommy, I want you to work out with Rhonda so that she will beat Babe in the contest. Linda, let me see your hole.� Nurse Linda stood up, turned around and spread her cheeks. Goddess Phyllis walked over and touched her asshole with a finger. �Damn, Nurse Linda, you have a tight, little hole. We need to work on that, don&#8217;t we?� Linda flushed red and said, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Rebecca, do you think you could expand the tight little anus on this big, beefy blonde?� Rebecca was still hugging and kissing with Chemaine but immediately answered her master. �Goddess Phyllis, I would love to give Nurse Linda a new asshole. I&#8217;ll start whenever you order.� �No time like the present,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Linda, when did you last take a shit?� Linda thought a second. �Yesterday, Goddess Phyllis,� she replied. �But I feel the need. Maybe the excitement of having Rebecca fuck me, but I have the urge to shit now.� �Perfect,� said Goddess Phyllis.

�Shit boy, to your spot!� commanded Goddess Phyllis. My spot was a non carpeted area of the living room where the ladies could shit on me or piss on me without ruining the carpet. I scurry over to �my spot� and lie down. �Linda, go over to shit boy and squat over his face with you ass.� Linda comes over and, facing my legs, squats her huge ass down over my face. She reaches behind her to spread her cheeks, and I can see her lovely asshole. �Whenever you&#8217;re ready,� says Goddess Phyllis. I can see Linda&#8217;s hole expand as a brown turd begins its exit. As the turd emerges, Linda&#8217;s hole keeps expanding; it looks like it will be a good sized one. As it comes out, I open my mouth and it slides right into my awaiting throat. It&#8217;s a piece about six inches long and it hits the back of my throat. Before I can do anything like suck it or let it slide down, Linda hits me with several fist sized pieces in the face, some rolling off and on to the floor next to me. Linda lifts up a bit and the drops two more nuggets on me. Geez, a huge dump, I think as I suck on the large piece sticking out of my mouth. Linda appears to be finished. �Roxanna, go over and cleanse Linda&#8217;s asshole,� orders Goddess Phyllis. The ever obedient Roxanna is over in a flash and buries her face in Nurse Linda&#8217;s crack, licking the anal walls clean and sticking he tongue, her long, skilled tongue, as far up Linda&#8217;s hole as possible, sucking any little tidbits of shit that may be hanging around up there. I can hear Linda moaning with pleasure, as is Roxanna. For that matter, so am I as I slowly eat the big turd in my mouth. Finishing that, I move on to the other pieces that had rolled on to the floor. As I am chewing on Linda&#8217;s rather delicious tasting shit, Goddess Phyllis once again speaks to her girls. �Ladies, observe my shit boy. See why he has that name. I don&#8217;t want any of you to shit anywhere but in his mouth. He loves it. Don&#8217;t you, Shit boy?� I must answer the Goddess but my mouth is filled with shit. Quickly gulping down a chunk, I manage to emit a throaty, shitty response. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I croak as Goddess Phyllis and the girls explode with laughter. Their laughter only inspires me to finish up the beautiful load that Linda presented me and to hope that the need to poop will soon hit more of the girls, all of them.

Next: Chapter 19 The Winner Is










Chapter 19 The Winner Is

Goddess Phyllis had her mommy make the arrangement for the competition: an ass-off between reigning title holder of the world&#8217;s largest asshole, Babe and the new potential champion, Rhonda. Goddess Phyllis wanted this to be a big event and to have all of her women there. When you include Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s inner circle which numbered seven including herself but not me, of course; her �cunts in waiting� all eight of them, makes fifteen. Throw in Elly&#8217;s fat granny club members and that added about another two dozen (the number fluctuated). Do there would be about forty women, maybe forty-five. With all those women, we can collect a lot of shit. Therefore, Goddess Phyllis decreed that I would defend my title of worlds best shit eater against two challengers. Elly would have the leaders of the fat granny club select their two best turd gobblers.

Elena and Erin would of course be invited to attend, and Rebecca gave them the word via a phone call. Elena was so excited to return to the world of Goddess Phyllis with Erin, whom she had been able to dominate. Erin was bigger and stronger but Elena was too skilled. She had learned well from Goddess Phyllis and had paid a shitload of money for her lessons and she was damned if she was not going to dominate this young fat pretty girl. And she did. Elena proved to be too determined, too tenacious, too skilled for Erin to handle and Erin submitted to Elena anally and orally at every encounter.

The word came back from Elly that my two competitors in the shit eating contest would be a different breed, so to speak. I was quite surprised when Elly said that Babe had selected Clare, her former slave and currently coupled with Babe girl Jojo. Clare was thin but experienced. She ate a lot of shit for Babe when they were together, and before Babe, Clare was shit eater for the powerful Oz and her wife Jessica. Clare was good, no doubt about it. Competitor number two, from Ellie&#8217;s group, is Ellie&#8217;s own personal servant slave girl Jane. Jane is a small woman in her later forties with short gray hair. She spends most of her day tongue bathing Ellie&#8217;s four hundred pound body and ingesting Ellie&#8217;s waste products. Two tough competitors. I had to win. Had to. The thought of not living up to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s expectations was simply not an option. 

The big night was now only a couple of nights away. Ever since this began as a thought from the brain of Goddess Phyllis, Elly was working diligently on making Rhonda&#8217;s asshole the largest it could be. Not that Elly needed help, but eager to assist were Rebecca and Chemaine. Chemaine had been the one to really stretch her mommy&#8217;s ass to new limits after the initial pounding that Rebecca had laid upon it. Chemaine developed the ass punching technique, a rapid fire two-fisted fisting, if you will. It was a beautiful sight to see the young big titted fourteen year old stud punch her mom&#8217;s ass to new depths. The week away together, when Chemaine spent almost fourteen hours a day doing something to her mother&#8217;s ass, whether she was using the strap-on or inserting some object in her, had brought Rhonda to the level she was now at. Elly, using her biggest strap-on ever, would spend hour upon hour fucking Rhonda senseless. When Elly rested, Rebecca took over, and although Rebecca weighs less than a hundred pounds and Elly is over three hundred, not much was lost in terms of pounding that ass. Chemaine was delighting in watching her mommy&#8217;s face during all of this pounding and kissing her in addition to also punching the ass and using the strap-on in between Elly and Rebecca. This was going on for days. Rhonda held up well, and all opinions were that she would get the title.

The big night was here. Goddess Phyllis had Elena and Erin and the judge arrive early so that they could assist in the shit collection. All attendees had to either shit in order to be admitted or to bring a bagload of shit that was not more than twenty-four hours old. The women were given staggered arrival times and knowing Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s insistence on punctuality, everyone arrived on time to the minute. When all was said and done, fort-four women were in attendance and they had donated seventy-five pounds of shit. This would be divided into twenty-five pounds per contestant spread over five platters with five pounds each. The shit eating competition would precede the biggest asshole competition since Goddess Phyllis wanted the evening&#8217;s festivities to conclude with a massive ass fucking of the winner of the largest asshole (and the runner ups also).

All the women took their seats; the competitors were with their masters getting last minute encouragement. Babe was getting Clare all hot with kisses and promises of things to come if she won. Ellie needed only to look at Jane to get her hot; if Ellie&#8217;s shit was the only one to be used, Jane knew she would win. Goddess Phyllis did what she had always done. She put her hands on my cheeks and stared into my eyes. �You are the best shit eater, Shit boy,� she said. �You will win for me, to please me, to show your adoration of me.� My reply? �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.�&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t need more than that. I was the best and now was my chance to prove it.

The curtains were pulled back to reveal a stage with three figures kneeling on all fours. I was in the center, with Clare on my left (stage-right) and Jane on my right. Goddess Phyllis walked out to a standing ovation. The goddess smiled and put up her hand for silence. �Ladies, I&#8217;m glad you are all here for this night of fun and games. Thank you for your shit; Erin, bring out the platters.� Erin wheeled out fifteen platters, five for each of us, each platter five pounds; twenty-five in all. Same rules as last time. A big glass of fresh pee after platters two and four. The winner was the one to finish first, or, as it often turned out, finish at all. �Shit eaters, are you ready?� asked Goddess Phyllis. In unison, we said, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� �Goddess Phyllis smiled and said, �Begin!� I began eating at my usual pace, fast but nit rushed. To my left, I could see Clare shoveling it in with both hands but going way to fast. On my other side, Jane was being rather methodical and seemed focused. I better watch her. Clare was the first to finish platter one; Jane and I finished around the same time. Clare was making headway into platter two as Jane and I were beginning. I picked up my pace a bit and pulled ahead of Jane and gained a bit on Clare. Clare finished platter two while I was about two-thirds of the way through it and Jane about half. Clare was handed a fresh, eight ounce glass of piss and drank maybe half of it before beginning on platter three. This was a mistake, I thought. You need fluids to keep yourself going. As I finished platter two, I eagerly took the glass of pee handed to me by Erin. As with all of the pee used in the contest, it is a combination of many women&#8217;s urine. I drank the entire glass and immediately began on platter three. It appeared that Clare was slowing down a bit. Jane got her glass of pee and drank most of it and began on platter three. It was around this time that Clare let out a huge fart, bringing a roar of laughter from the audience. Clare and I were both half way through platter three, now three quarters through when Clare burped. She swooned a bit then began throwing up into platter three. Poor Clare then fell head first into the shitty, pukey mixture. Erin pulled her up by her auburn locks and pulled her away along with platter three but leaving four and five.

I finished platter three and began on platter four. I now had a comfortable lead on Jane, who was visibly fading. I was halfway into platter four before she began, and I finished four while Jane was not even a quarter ways done. This time Elena gave me a glass of warm pee and I eagerly drank it all down. One more to go and I win. I begin platter five, the last platter, when Jane just goes face down in platter four. Splat. She just plain passed out. Erin pulled her head out of the shit and removed her and platter four. Goddess Phyllis too the microphone and announced, �Girls, we have a winner. Let&#8217;s hear it for Shit boy.� The audience, comprised solely of woman aged fourteen through sixty-two, ranging in height from 4&#8217;11� through 6&#8217;2� and in weight from ninety pounds to over four hundred, burst into applause. I could actually feel myself getting a little embarrassed. Goddess Phyllis continued. �Do you want him to finish his as well as Clare&#8217;s two and Jane&#8217;s one? Do you want to see him eat three and a half more platters?� The girls were loud in their reply. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� they yelled. �Eat it all,� someone yelled. �Go Shit boy,� screamed someone else. I had barely come up for air when, hearing this, I was back down finishing the shit on my platter five. Erin pushed Clare&#8217;s two over to me and I began on them. I ate the first one, my sixth overall, and was rewarded by another glass of pee. Ahh, it felt so good going down. Into platter seven overall. I felt like I was weakening a bit when I caught a look at Goddess Phyllis. She was looking at me with pride, and I felt rejuvenated. Platter seven was history and I went right into Jane&#8217;s left over platter, my eighth. I shoveled the shit into my mouth faster than ever. After all, I didn&#8217;t need to pace myself anymore. As the crowd kept yelling �Shit boy, Shit boy,� I finished and straightened up from all fours to a kneeling position. �Ladies, I present to you the world&#8217;s best shit eater,� announced Goddess Phyllis. As everyone applauded, Goddess Phyllis teased my swollen penis with her foot, drawing even more applause.

Next: Chapter 20 The Largest Asshole














Chapter 20 The Largest Asshole

�Now, ladies, the contest for world&#8217;s largest asshole,� announced Goddess Phyllis. �First, a former champion, Dottie!� Dottie was not a huge woman but plump with a large black round ass and nice tits. Dottie had her own group of girls, having earned this right by virtue of huge hole and the fact that she was KathyJ&#8217;s mother (KathyJ is one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s eight �cunts-in-waiting�, her personal harem). �Now the reigning champ, big Babe!� Babe, as we know, is massive, weighing 400 pounds and a pair of 56DDD tits. She had recovered from the whipping she received when losing the shit eating contest to me in an earlier chapter. Goddess Phyllis continued. �The third challenger who just might win is Rhonda, biological mother of my adopted daughter and special honey Chemaine.� This fact drew applause from the crowd and made Rhonda the crowd favorite.

Goddess Phyllis explained how the measuring would go. A dildo like probe would be inserted in the ass and slowly expands in width. It will expand with a certain force to push the anal walls to what would be considered its natural width and not beyond. It has proven to be a valid method of asshole measuring. �First up is Dottie,� said Goddess Phyllis. Dottie came to center stage and leaned over a padded gymnastic horse. Rebecca drew the honor of being the measurer. She took the probe and inserted it up Dottie&#8217;s ass. The probe had a cable hooked up to the computer which recorded the measurements. As the probe expanded, Becca called out the numbers. �48, 52, 56, 58�..that&#8217;s it, a 58 for Dottie,� announced Rebecca. A nice round of applause from the crowd. A normal asshole that has not been fucked would register around 10 or 12. An occasional ass fuckee would be in the twenties, and a regular anal lover typically thirties or forties, so you know that 58 is big. Rebecca removed the probe and had Dottie lick it clean. Next up was Babe. �Babe, get you fat ass over here,� said Goddess Phyllis. Babe leaned over the horse and Rebecca stuck the probe up her ass. As it expanded, Becca called out �48, 52, 58, 60, 62�.a 62 for Babe.� Another nice round of applause. �And now, Rhonda,� called out Goddess Phyllis. Rhonda took her place and Rebecca, after fucking Babe&#8217;s throat with the probe and having her suck it clean, inserted it in Rhonda&#8217;s hole, the one that Rebecca herself was the first to fuck. Here comes the read-out. �50, 54, 558, 62,�64, 68��a 68 for Rhonda,� exclaimed Rebecca. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Ladies, the new holder of the title of world&#8217;s biggest asshole with a remarkable 68 rating is Rhonda,� announced Goddess Phyllis. The crowd gave Rhonda a standing ovation. Chemaine was so proud; after all, she was mostly responsible for how big her mommy&#8217;s hole was, having fucked her long, hard and often.

�Ladies, we will now have a fuckfest. The three competitors want you to fuck them. We have a strap-on for each of you, and you can fuck each one as many times as you want. The only rule is a five minute limit and then the next person takes over. Anyone being unruly will be beaten,� explained Goddess Phyllis. �To start off, Chemaine will fuck the new champ, her mommy! KathyJ gets her mommy, too. And babe, you&#8217;ll feel the power of my mommy, and when Elly gets done with you, maybe you&#8217;ll be he champ again!� This caused Goddess Phyllis to crack up laughing, which set all of the girls to laughing. Chemaine lubed up her massive dong just a bit and began plowing into her mommy&#8217;s ass. Rhonda was grunting a little but had a big smile on her face. She has become a real anal junkie. Chemaine was moving at a rapid pace as was KathyJ. Dottie was also a real anal whore and having her daughter on the other end of the strap-on doubled the pleasure. Elly was wearing something resembling a telephone pole and she was fucking Babe&#8217;s ass with ruthless vengeance. Elly used her strength to lift the huge Babe and shake her (like Babe did to me in Chapter 1). The fuckfest was well underway with lines forming, about fifteen girls lines up behind the three anal behemoths.

While all of the fucking was continuing, Goddess Phyllis was on her throne and was having Roxanna slurp and lick her magnificent pussy. Goddess Phyllis could have orgasm after orgasm and Roxanna, with that long, skilled tongue of hers, was bringing the Goddess to many delicious orgasms. Looking out at her followers, Goddess Phyllis could see now that Chemaine had moved on to Babe and Rebecca was pounding Rhonda. Sweet Rebecca, thought Goddess Phyllis, so lithe and cute but so deadly with the strap-on. And Chemaine was incredible, learning well from Rebecca and Elly in the art of ass fucking. 

On and on it went. Hour after hour of assfucking. Rhonda, Babe and Dottie made it through three hours of anal assault before Goddess Phyllis called for a change. Ellie, Geena and Erin were the next three. Erin was ok with anal fucking, having been indoctrinated to it by Baby. Ellie, a super size lady, had also been a former ass champ but Elly had been a bit too rough one time and ripped her insides. But, after months of rehab, Ellie could again get fucked. And who other than Elly to pound her? Rebecca lined up behind Geena, and Chemaine had Erin. Elly, Rebecca and Chemaine all entered their victims at the same time and they fucked their victims in unison. It was a sight to see. A three hundred pound sixty-two year old woman, a ninety pound twenty-two year old and a one hundred pound fourteen year old with 38 DDD tits all fucking in unison. They picked up the pace in unison and kept gradually increasing the rate of penetration until they were moving like locomotives.&nbsp; This went on for another two hours. With the same five minute limit, that meant each girl got fucked by twelve different girls an hour, twenty four in all this time and thirty-six with the first group. That is a lot of energy expended on a total of six women: new champ Rhonda, former champ Babe, former champ Dottie, former champ Ellie, Geena and Erin. 

Time for everyone to go. Goddess Phyllis was left with her new regular bunch: sister Baby Karen, mommy Elly, Rebecca, Chemaine, Rhonda, Nurse Linda and yours truly, shit boy. �Girls, what did you think of tonight&#8217;s competition?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca spoke first, not surprisingly, since she was so intelligent and so dominating, the latter courtesy of excellent training by Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis,� she said, �tonight was a fucking sensation. The shit eating contest was fantastic and so was the asshole contest. And five hours of ass fucking? Shit, I&#8217;m tired from fucking all these bitches, but of course, Rhonda s not a bitch. Love that hole, mommy.� Rhonda smiled and thanked the young girl who seduced her daughter and raped her ass on that fateful first night. Rhonda was proud of her asshole and she had no doubt that she would retain the title since all of the girls here were such powerful assfuckers. Elly spoke next. �Goddess Phyllis, we need to do this more often. If not the contest, then at least the orgy. I loved having all those asses to fuck but only wish I had more time with them. Goddess Phyllis smiled. Her girls were so into this it was fun. �What about you, Chemaine?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I love fucking my mommy most of all, but I&#8217;ll fuck anyone. The longer and harder, the better.� Goddess Phyllis had an idea. Three of her �cunts in waiting�, a mother and two daughters, love getting fucked (and can wield a powerful strap-on also) and why not have them get fucked by Rebecca, Chemaine, and Elly? Great fun for everyone.

The three aforementioned girls are Ailan, Nelly, and mom Denise. Ailan is a year older than Nelly at 28. Both girls have big tits, courtesy of their mom. While Denise is a little flabby, Ailan and Nelly are quite shapely and strong. I think the next chapter will delve into the story of how Ailan and Nelly, who had been making love to each other since they were little girls, brought their mother into their lovefest. It was a combo of rape and seduction. After that, we&#8217;ll come back to tonight.










Chapter 21 &#8211; Ailan, Nelly and Mom

For as long as she could remember, Ailan had always been in love with her younger sister Nelly, and vive-versa. Ailan remembered days when she was six and Nelly was five and the two of them would be rolling around in bed with their busy hands exploring each others hairless little cunts and asses. Even then, they delighted in sticking fingers up each others asses, and a special delight was licking each other in their little wet cunts. As they grew older, their love making became more and more a major part of their lives. They shared a room, so it was quite easy to spend each and every night in bed together.

The youngest sibling was a brother named Jack. It was his misfortune to be frequently left under the care of his two older sisters. Mom Denise and her Turk of a husband traveled frequently, leaving Jack under the girls care. And they took care of him. From the time they were 10 and 9, and that made Jack 7, Ailan and Nelly delighted in teasing him very severely. Ailan had seen an ad for a strap-on dildo in one of her mom&#8217;s sex magazines and used mom&#8217;s credit card to order two; one for her and one for Nelly. The girls loved to fuck each other in the ass, and they loved fucking their little brother also. They would take turns fucking his little ass while forcing him to lick the other&#8217;s cock that had just been in his ass.&nbsp; Ailan and Nelly figured that by the time Ailan was 18 and Nell 17, they had fucked Jack over two thousand times apiece. Small wonder that he turned out to be gay. 

When the girls were 24 and 23, their mom and dad split up. Dad went back to Turkey and Mom went back to teaching. Jack had been living with a black guy for about a year now. He was a confirmed homosexual and loved taking it up the ass, especially from well hung black men. Ailan and Nelly had trained him well. Ailan and Nelly moved back home to be with Mom. They had moved out years earlier, but now it would be the three girls in the house, and that was perfect. Ailan and Nelly had long fantasized about making love with their mom, sucking on her big tits and juicy cunt. They knew it was juicy as they used to pull her panties out of the laundry and sniff them. Mom always was wet; they didn&#8217;t know how wet she was. As soon as the girls got back home, the first thing they did was go to the hamper and check the panty situation. Sure enough, mom&#8217;s panties had some nice stains in that special area. Apparently she was masturbating, judging from the collection of dildos and other toys in Mom&#8217;s dresser.

Ailan and Nelly moved right in, sharing the room they had shared as teenagers. As soon as they saw the old bed, they looked at each other and began to frantically take their clothes off. As they pulled their panties off, they exchanged a smile and then stood their looking at each other lovingly. They were remarkably alike. Both had their mom&#8217;s big tits, and both girls were in great shape. Ailan and Nelly worked out in a gym three days a week and worked out each other&#8217;s asses and cunts many times a day. The girls could pass for twins and sometimes did that when they were younger. But now, Ailan kept her hair dark and Nelly was blonde but otherwise, they were the same. Their cunts tasted similar, too. Many times they would taste themselves after eating out the other one and it was really the same smell. The same with their asses. Ailan and Nelly loved few things more than fucking the other&#8217;s ass and then burying their face in it and licking and sucking it dry. They had discovered the joy of this as young teenagers and had it down to an art form now. Many were the time they both wound up with brown mouths.

The girls jumped into bed and were exploring the familiar territory of each others mouths with their tongues. This quickly evolved into a mutual sucking session. As the girls were starting to really get into it, they heard a car pull in the driveway. �It&#8217;s Mom!� said Ailan. �Let&#8217;s let her catch us making love.� Nelly smiled and said, �Ai, she knows that we are lovers.� �Yes,� said Ailan, �but I think she would enjoy joining us. And I want to suck on her pussy.� Nelly knew that when Ailan talked like this, she got what she wanted. �Ok, Ai, I have an idea. When we know that she is peeking in at us, I&#8217;ll go into the bathroom and come out the other side.� The two bedrooms on this floor were separated by a common bathroom. Nelly was planning to go in one door and out the other, coming up behind their mom. �Great idea,� said Ailan, and the two girls returned to their mutual licking session. They were more into licking their asses today, alternating inserting a few fingers and then licking the wettened hole. They loved this and could go on for hours and often did. But not this time. After maybe ten minutes, Ailan took a look over the gorgeous mounds of her sister&#8217;s ass and sure enough, there was mommy Denise in the doorway with her hands down her panties. Both hands. And they were busy little hands, too. Ailan could easily see movement down there. Ailan moved her body so that she was face to face with Nelly. �She&#8217;s in the doorway,� whispered Ailan. Nelly smiled and said, in a louder than would normally be necessary voice, �I need to go to the bathroom.� With that, she got up, went into the bathroom and closed the door. To make sure that Mom stayed right where she was, Ailan spread her legs as wide as she could and began to simultaneously fuck her ass with her left hand and her cunt with her right hand. Naturally, this had the desired effect as Denise was mesmerized and did not hear Nelly coming up from behind her.

Denise had walked into the house with one thing on her mind; get a dildo and fuck her pussy and then stick it up her ass while she fingered herself to a wet orgasm. Denise was a squirter, and when she manipulated herself in just the right way, could shoot a stream of liquid quite a distance. And quite an amount also. Denise was wet as she put down her purse. She heard something. Great. The girls were here already? Damn, her orgasm would have to wait. As she walked down the hall, she could hear moaning and groaning.&nbsp; Damn again, she thought, I hope that everyone&#8217;s ok. As she got closer, she could hear talking mixed in with the moaning and groaning. �Oh Nelly, I love your ass.� �Ailan, your cunt is so delicious.� Denise knew that her girls were lovers and they talked about it a few years ago, but she never actually saw them do anything. Denise couldn&#8217;t even imagine what two girls would do except, obviously, use dildos. There would be no harm in peeking in a little, she thought as she walked down the hall. Good. The door was open enough that she could see in. What she saw was remarkable. Her two daughters were sucking each others asshole and pussies. They were licking and slurping and using fingers and they were certainly enjoying themselves, thought Denise. Denise moved first one, then the other, hand down her pants and inside her panties. She began stroking her clit and rubbing her thighs and was enjoying the feeling so much that she was totally unaware of who was behind her.

Nelly wrapped her arms around her mother in bear-hug fashion and pushed her into the bedroom. �Look who was watching us, Ailan,� said Nelly, still keeping her mother in the bear-hug. �Why Mommy, were you peeking in at us?� asked Ailan in a somewhat mocking tone. Denise didn&#8217;t know what to say. Obviously she was, so she admitted it. �Yes, Ailan, I was peeking. I came in and hear some noises and wanted to see what it was.� Nelly, still with her arms wrapped around her mother, pushed her further into the bedroom until she was right next to the bed. All this time, Ailan had not stopped finger fucking herself and she could not help noticing that Mommy was quite taken with this. �Mommy, do you like the way I&#8217;m playing with myself?� asked Ailan. Denise didn&#8217;t, or couldn&#8217;t, hesitate. �Yes, Ailan, it is making me hot. I sometimes insert a dildo in my cunt when masturbating.� Denise wasn&#8217;t even sure why she said something like that. It just sort of slipped out. �Mommy, from now on, the only place a dildo goes into your body is the asshole. No more dildos in your cunt. Nelly and I will take care of your needs now, and you will take care of ours. Well, some of them anyway. Now get naked, and don&#8217;t make me tell you again!� 

The way Ailan said this was unlike any way that Denise had ever heard her talk before. Nelly released her and Denise immediately began taking her clothes off. When she took off her bra, both girls commented on how nice her tits were. As Denise stood there in just her panties, Ailan sat up and looked at her mother&#8217;s crotch. Sure enough, it was wet. Ailan squeezed her mom&#8217;s wet pussy through the soaked panties as Nelly smiled and Denise was moaning in delight. Nelly was putting on a strap-on harness and attaching a medium sized dildo to it. As Ailan kept squeezing Denise&#8217;s pussy, Nelly bent Denise forward, pulled down her panties and inserted the dildo up her mommy&#8217;s ass. �Ohh,� moaned Denise as Ailan ripped the panties off of her other. �Fuck her ass, Nelly� said Ailan. �Fuck her hard!� Nelly certainly did not need to be told twice and was already fucking her mother&#8217;s ass at a good clip but picked up the pace anyway. Ailan gabbed each of Denise&#8217;s nipples and began squeezing them. Denise&#8217;s eyes were rolled back in her head. Man oh man; she is digging this, thought Ailan. After some ten minutes or so of intense anal fucking and nipple pinching, Ailan could see her mother&#8217;s cunt was literally dripping. �Mommy, do you know how wet you are?� Denise could barely talk from the impaling that Nelly was performing on her, but mumbled, �I can squirt for you.� Ailan was intrigued. �Nelly, let her go. I want to check this out.� Nelly pushed her mom onto the bed. Ailan looked at her mother&#8217;s cunt. It looked a little puffy. Ailan began rubbing the clit with one hand and squeezing her mom&#8217;s mound with the other as Nelly inserted the dildo back in mom&#8217;s ass. Denise was moaning louder and louder as Ailan kept stroking her and all of a sudden, she began shooting a stream straight ahead, right onto Nelly. �Ohhh,� moaned Denise as another stream shot out, this time into Nelly&#8217;s waiting, open mouth. Ailan squeezed and rubbed harder as she moved her face in front of mommy&#8217;s cunt and was rewarded with a stream of come right into her face. Denise screamed and passed out. The two come soaked girls looked at each other. They were both dripping wet from their mom&#8217;s cunt juice. They smiled. They kissed. Mommy was theirs now. The way she orgasmed, both girls knew that Mommy would be their partner forever. As they kissed each other, Nelly&#8217;s head was filled with the sight of her squirting mom. Ailan&#8217;s mind was thinking about how she wants to see her mom fucking her gay son with a strap-on. The girls were not exactly alike after all.










Chapter 22 &#8211; More Fun With Ailan, Nelly and Mom

When Denise awoke, she looked to the left and saw Ailan&#8217;s beautiful face. She looked to the right and saw Nelly&#8217;s beautiful face. The girls began fondling Denise&#8217;s good sized tits and both put a hand down by her pussy. Her marvelous pussy that could squirt. Ailan and Nelly both moved toward mom&#8217;s mouth at the same time and the three of them kissed. Denise&#8217;s head was spinning from the whole thought of making love with her daughters. But she was so hot and they obviously wanted this so much.

Ailan backed away from the bed, stood up and strapped on a good sized dildo. �Mom,� she said, �Nelly fucked you earlier but I didn&#8217;t get the chance. Get on all fours over here by the edge of the bed.� Denise immediately moved as instructed and Ailan primed the dildo with a little of her own cunt juice. She knew that her mom had a nice asshole, courtesy of that butt fucking bastard of a father. Ailan entered her rather brusquely and began reaming her quite thoroughly. As Ailan was fucking her, Nelly was making out with her mom, sucking her tongue and passionately kissing her. Denise was getting really hot. Ailan checked out her pussy and felt the wetness. She pulled out and had her mom lay on her back. Ailan pulled off the dildo from the strap-on harness and reinserted it up Denise&#8217;s ass. She began squeezing Denise&#8217;s cunt as Nelly came around next to Ailan. Ailan and Nelly together were squeezing Denise&#8217;s cunt as Denise was moaning ever more loudly. �I&#8217;m coming!!� yelled the mother of these two hot young women. Denise shot a stream that got both girls good in the face (they had their heads together in the perfect position). Denise was bucking up and down and gave another good squirt that got the girls again. Ailan and Nelly were wiping their mom&#8217;s juice all over their tits. �God, Mom, that is incredible,� said Ailan. �Damn,� joined in Nelly, �Is that something we can learn?� Denise didn&#8217;t answer. She just lay there with her eyes closed, incapable of speech. She couldn&#8217;t speak. Ailan looked at Nelly. �Guess she squirted her voice out of that juicy cunt of hers.� Nelly cracked up upon hearing this, and surprisingly, Denise opened her eyes and laughed also. �I&#8217;m sorry girls, but I&#8217;m wasted,� said Denise. �I don&#8217;t know if it is something you can learn. We can have fun trying.� All three of the girls had a nice laugh.

Ailan told her mom of her thought about a welcome home dinner party. They would invite Jack, their gay brother, and Denise would fuck him in the ass, just as Ailan and Nelly had done so many thousands of times over the years. Mom could fuck him good and hard, just like the black guys that Jack was so fond of, the bigger the better. Ailan wanted to see her mother fuck her son. �Nelly, doesn&#8217;t the thought of Mom fucking Jack get you hot?� asked Ailan. Nelly smiled. �Shit yeah, A, watching Mom fuck him while those big tits of hers flop up and down is quite an erotic vision. Maybe she can squirt on him, too.� Denise was confused. �Are you girls saying that you fucked Jack in the ass while he was growing up? That you&#8217;re responsible for hi being gay?� Denise asked. Ailan spoke first. �Mommy, Nelly and I began fucking Jack in the ass when I was 9, so that would have made him 6 and Nelly 8. We would take turns fucking him with two strap-on dildos that we ordered from a catalog we found in your draw. Every time we had the house to ourselves, when we were babysitting him, we were really fucking him. Both of us, for hours on end. Isn&#8217;t that right, Nelly?� 

Nelly was chuckling as she spoke. �Mom, you have no idea how often and how long and hard we fucked him. From the time he was six until we moved out, I&#8217;d say he got it in the ass from at least one of us every day. Maybe we missed a day occasionally, but I don&#8217;t really remember missing any. Jack grew up with daily ass fucking and also sucking on the dildo that had just come out of his ass. A and I work quite well together. We not only made sure Jack had the biggest asshole of all the guys in school, we taught him how to deep throat. He learned how to take our dildos all the way down his throat. Aren&#8217;t you so proud of your daughters?� Denise was trying to wrap her head around all of this. She knew her daughters were gay lovers and had been since they were teenagers, actually much younger as she now knew. She knew her son was gay, but her girls made him gay? Is that possible? �Ailan,� asked Denise �is it possible that you fucked Jack into being gay? I though people were born that way.� �Mom,� replied Ailan, �in Jack&#8217;s case, he was made gay. He probably would have grown up straight if not for Nelly and my intervention. Did we mention that we pissed on him too? Made him drink our pee while jerking off with a dildo in his ass.� Denise was shocked. �We shit on him too, Mom,� added Nelly. �Shit on him and had him eat it. And you know what. There was not one time that he ever did not do what he was ordered to. Isn&#8217;t that right, Ailan?� Ailan nodded. �Never,� she said. �Never did, never will. Let&#8217;s call that little faggot now and get him over here tomorrow.�

Jack was surprised to hear his Mom&#8217;s voice on the phone. It had been a few weeks, and he was always the one to call. �Jack, guess what. The girls have moved back home. Isn&#8217;t that great?� Jack&#8217;s head started spinning. The girls; his sisters. Would they now seduce their mother? Not possible, he thought. �That&#8217;s great, Mom,� he replied. �Denise continued. �We want you over tomorrow night for dinner. A nice welcome home dinner party. Just you and me and your sisters. Be here at 7, ok?� �Sure Mom,� said Jack. �See you tomorrow.� He hung up. She sounded a little different, he thought, but dismissed it to imagination.

Jack knocked on the door of his old house, the place he grew up in. So many memories and most of them involved his two sisters. God, how many times did they fuck him? Thousands. Had to be. He knocked on the door. Ailan answered. �Jack, how great to see you.� She gave him a big kiss on the mouth. Not a very sisterly kiss, but nice nonetheless. �C&#8217;mon in.� Ailan and Jack walked in. Mom was already sitting at the table and Nelly was setting up the last of the dishes. Jack walked over and gave his mom a kiss on the cheek. He kissed Nelly, and she put her hand behind his head and gave him a hard kiss, complete with tongue. Jack sat down and looked at his mother. She looked back and gave him a big smile. �Jack, before you sit down, you better take your pants off. There is a nice butt plug glued to you chair, courtesy of the girls.� Jack looked down and sure enough, there was a pretty good sized butt plug sticking out of the chair. He looked at Ailan, who was trying to stifle a laugh. Same reaction from Nelly. They got her, he thought, they converted Mom. �Mom, do I have to do this in front of you?� he said pleadingly. Denise laughed and stood up. She was naked from the stomach down save for a big strap-on dildo. �Baby, you have to do that and a lot more. This dildo I&#8217;m wearing will soon be buried way up your but. And that will be the beginning of a great night. Right girls?� �You bet, Mom� said Ailan and Nelly in unison.










Chapter 23 &#8211;&nbsp; Ailan, Nelly and Mom Fuck Jack

Jack lowered himself onto the butt plug. As he contorted his face with pain and discomfort while getting this up his ass, his mother and two sisters were snickering, giggling and generally laughing at him. He was embarrassed and it showed. �Oh, look girls,� said Ailan, �Jack is turning red. I guess our laughing at him is embarrassing him. Poor little boy. Nelly, how are the burritos coming?� �All ready, A,� said Nelly. Nelly served her mom and sister some nice smelling beef burritos along with a bunch of Coronas. Jack was served a small vegetarian taco and a glass of white wine; actually, it looked a little yellow. Ailan proposed a toast. �To an evening of love, of love between a mother and her daughters and a mother and her son, as well as brotherly and sisterly love. To many orgasms for us women, and to fucking the living hell out of this faggot, cock sucking, ass licking, shit eating brother of mine.� Nelly laughed while Denise looked surprised at this unexpected outburst. Jack, for his part, was horrified to hear his sister speak of him thusly. And for all of the degradation that he has endured during his growing up under the domination of his sisters and his subsequent submissive role in the world of homosexuality, he has never eaten shit. And he thought he should mention this. �I have never eaten shit. I want you all to know that,� said Jack with tears welling behind his eyes. 

Ailan could no longer contain herself and burst out laughing. �Did you all hear that? Jack has never eaten shit. He has been fucked in the ass countless thousands of times by his sisters, become known as a premier cocksucker and a guy who&#8217;ll take anything up his ass by his gay crowd, he&#8217;s swallowed more semen than the cheapest whore, and he is proud to have never eaten shit. Way to go, brother!� Nelly and Denise joined Ailan in uproarious laughter. Ailan continued. �Jack, look at what we&#8217;re eating. These burritos and beer are going to pass through our stomachs and into our colons. When it emerges from our beautiful asses as shit, guess where it goes then?� Jack looked around for help, but everyone was waiting for his answer. Finally, he uttered �I don&#8217;t know.� Ailan stopped laughing, stood up and slapped Jack in the face. �Idiot,� exclaimed Ailan. �You&#8217;re going to eat it. The shit of your mother and two sisters will be your dinner tonight. Is that simple enough for you to understand?� With tears rolling down his face, Jack nodded affirmatively. Ailan slapped him again and told him to speak. �Yes, Ailan, Nelly and Mom, I will eat your shit,� wept Jack. �Yes you will,� said Nelly, �and you know what? You&#8217;re gonna love it.�

The girls munched their burritos and drank many Coronas. Jack was shaken but finally decided to have some �wine.� He picked up the glass, drank and swallowed. All of a sudden, he got this weird look on his face. �That wasn&#8217;t wine,� he exclaimed. �That&#8217;s piss.� The girls almost fell off their chairs laughing. �Right you are, Jackie boy,� said Ailan. �And you better drink it all or we&#8217;ll be insulted.� Jack picked up the glass and finished it, and Nelly poured him some more. Jack drank this, and Nelly poured a third glass. �Save this one to wash down some of the shit,� cautioned Nelly. Jack looked at her and Nelly said, �The burritos are working. I need to shit.� Ailan gave Jack a kick to the chest, knocking him off the chair (and off of the butt plug, too) to the floor. Nelly squatted over his face and dropped a nice piece of shit on her brother&#8217;s face, followed by a looser pile of dung. �Start eating,� ordered Nelly. There was no choice, no decision for Jack. He knew what he had to do. He began eating the big piece that came first out of Nelly&#8217;s ass. He chewed and swallowed and ate it all up. Jack moved on to the looser pile and was shoveling it into his mouth with his hands. With no notice, Denise pushed his head into the pile of shit, squatted over him and let loose a nice pile of shit. Nice and firm and good sized pieces. As Ailan got finished cleaning Nelly&#8217;s ass with her mouth and tongue, she moved over and licked her mommy&#8217;s beautiful and big ass clean. Her mommy was a natural for this, thought Ailan. Jack turned over so that he could breathe and continued eating Nelly&#8217;s looser shit along with his mom&#8217;s logs. �Suck it in, faggy boy,� teased Ailan. There was a brown ring around Ailan&#8217;s mouth from her anal cleansings and this caused her to lick her chops. �Umm,� she said to her mom and sister. �You two are delicious.� With that, she squatted over her younger brother and dropped two good size pieces onto the dwindling collection of shit and then three bite size pieces to accompany these. Jack continued eating and managed to eat it all up. He was a good boy.

 �Bring him to the couch and have him lean over the back of it,� ordered Ailan. Nelly and Denise did just that and Ailan said, �Mommy, fuck your only son. You ready?� Denise smiled. �I am more than ready, honey,� she said and put the tip of the good sized dildo against Jack&#8217;s hole and pushed it in. This produced a moan from Jack which spurred her on and she pushed in further, all the way. Denise had never fucked anyone (although Ailan promised her that she would soon be fucking both her and Nelly) and she enjoyed it. �Go in and out fast, Mommy,� said Ailan. Denise was moving in and out at a good pace and kept it up for a solid ten minutes. When she started slowing down a bit, Nelly took over and continued the anal assault. Nelly, as was Ailan, was expert with a strap-on and she moved it in, out, up, and down in just he right way to cause Jack some good pain. As she plugged away, Ailan tapped her on the shoulder. Nelly looked and saw that Ailan was wearing the spiked dildo, the one that rips your ass and causes some real pain. Nelly pulled out and moved over, giving her big sister room to maneuver. Ailan pushed the bruiser in her bother&#8217;s ass, and as the first of the spikes pulled the skin from his anal walls, he let out a scream of pain, maybe more like a howl. Nelly was ready for this and slapped a ball gag in his mouth. Ailan pushed all the way in and wiggled her hips in a circular motion. With each motion, a spike was digging into Jack&#8217;s anus. After twenty seconds or so of this, Ailan pulled out quickly, eliciting a muffled but yet perfectly audible howl of pain. Ailan turned, and her sister and mom could see the blood on the spiked dildo. Ailan smiled. �Mommy, want to give it to Jack with this?� Oh yes, thank you Ailan,� said Denise as she removed the dildo from her harness and put on the one Ailan handed her, being&nbsp; careful not to cut herself on the spikes. Denise lined it up with Jack&#8217;s bleeding anus and pushed it in. More screaming from the emasculated body lying on the couch back. Denise pumped a bit, causing more moans. She pulled out and passed the spiked monster to Nelly. �Go girl,� said Ailan, and that was all Nelly needed to hear. She began an assault on her brother&#8217;s ass the likes of which he had not experienced. She pumped like a locomotive and pulled him pulled him every which way. As she pulled out, blood spattered all over, but yet she plowed on. Nelly ripped him apart, causing pain that finally, mercifully, caused him to pass out. Then and only then did she stop.

Ailan was pleased as she stood over the unconscious body of her little brother. �We all fucked him pretty damn good. Mom, you are a natural at this. I can&#8217;t wait to feel you inside of me and watch you fuck Nelly. And Nelly, geez, you were on fire tonight.� Nelly smiled. �I still am really turned on,� she said. �And my cunt is throbbing,� said Denise. �I think I may explode. Will you girls help me come?� Ailan was surprised at her mom&#8217;s seductive nature, but was glad that she felt so comfortable. �Mom, lay down on the bed,� she said. Denise lay down and Ailan and Nelly stood at the edge of the bed, very close together. �Mom, squeeze the juice out of that hot cunt of yours,� ordered Ailan. Denise began squeezing her cunt, the outside part of her hands on the crack between thigh and torso and her thumb and forefinger and palms were pushing in on her pussy. Denise alternated this with some slapping of her cunt and clit, but mostly it was the rhythmic pushing and kneading motion. Denise began moaning louder and louder. �Oh god, here it comes!� she yelled. Denise bucked her hips up and shot a stream that first hit Nelly and then Ailan right in the face. As the stream continued, the girls got their tits all soaked. Denise kept squeezing and shot yet another stream that A and Nelly caught in their mouths. �Oh, Mommy, you are too much,� said Ailan. Denise smiled. She looked at Ailan and asked, �Who can I fuck now?� Ailan was pleased that her mom instinctively knew who the boss was here and that she was so anxious. Before Ailan could say anything, Nelly spoke up. �Please Ailan, can it be me?� �Of course,� said Ailan. �I relish the thought of watching my mom fuck my sister in the ass. And maybe, just maybe, I will fuck mommy as she is fucking you. I&#8217;ll see what my cunt says.�










Chapter 24 &#8211; Anal Ecstasy and Wet Cunts

Well, I didn&#8217;t realize that it would take three chapters to cover part of the story of Ailan, Nelly and Denise, but theirs is a wonderful story. Now we are back to the current time, and Ailan, Nelly and their mom are going to get anally assaulted by Rebecca, Chemaine and Elly, respectively. Goddess Phyllis was sitting on her throne with the magic tongue of Roxanna waiting to serve her master. Elly was glad to have Denise; she enjoyed fucking older, less experienced women. Rebecca and Chemaine, on the other hand, didn&#8217;t have preferences. They loved fucking anyone, and they certainly appreciated the beauty that lay in front of them now Both Ailan and Nelly had large and lovely assholes. They had been fucking each other since they were little girls and it showed in the size of the opening. Elly, Rebecca and Chemaine lined up their lubed, good sized dildos on the openings of Denise, Ailan and Nelly and pushed in. It was a smooth entry all around and soon the moans of pleasure began as the three fuckers were pumping the fuckees at a good, rapid clip. Elly was using her arm strength to lift Denise off the ground for a little extra stimulation, and it was working as Denise exclaims, �Oh god, I&#8217;m going to come.� Elly reaches around and spanks Denise&#8217;s clit as Denise shoots a stream that hits Elly in the feet. Elly quickly unhooks the strap-on, leaving the dildo buried in Denise&#8217;s ass and turns the woman over. Elly squeezes Denise&#8217;s cunt as the mom shoots another stream, this one hitting Elly right in the face. As Denise is squirming on the floor in some kind of rapture, Goddess Phyllis comes over and takes over from her mommy. �Look at me, Denise.� says Goddess Phyllis. Denise opens her eyes and is surprised to see The Goddess between her legs. Goddess Phyllis begins massaging Denise&#8217;s cunt and says to her, �Spray me, bitch. Shoot your stream right into my gorgeous face.� Hearing this from Goddess Phyllis makes Denise&#8217;s level of arousal increase tenfold. Denise is panting and heaving from the rubbing that Goddess Phyllis is giving her. She can feel the build up. �I&#8217;m coming again,� yells Denise as a forceful stream sprays Goddess Phyllis in the face and open mouth. �Wonderful!� exclaims Goddess Phyllis.

Rebecca and Chemaine are still fucking their bitches but also watching the waterworks going on next to them. Being able to gush like that is so hot, thinks Rebecca. She wishes she could do it. Chemaine can feel her own liquid running down her legs. Chemaine is pounding Nelly as hard as possible and reaches a wonderful orgasm, with her thick, girlish fluid flowing down her thighs. The girls turn their anal recipients around so that all can watch Goddess Phyllis take over control of Denise&#8217;s cunt. As the liquid streams down Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face and onto her luscious breasts, Goddess Phyllis goes back to work on Denise. She is rubbing that magic cunt, all the while commanding Denise to maintain eye contact with her. �Come for me, mommy,� says Goddess Phyllis. �Spray my face again.� �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis,� moans Denise. �Oh, oh, oh, here it comes,� exclaims the mother of the two beauties getting their assholes stretched by the two light-skinned African-American youngsters who are expert ass fuckers. Denise shoots a long, forceful stream right into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face and open mouth. The fluid drips down Goddess Phyllis, onto her breasts again and reaching her navel and her most special area, the cunt that women have dies for. Denise is flapping around like a fish out of water as the orgasm subsides. �Damn,� says Elly, who was watching this magic. �What a fuckin cunt on her. Make her come again, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis smiles as she licks her lips and goes back to her kneading of Denise&#8217;s vagina. �I am your deity, your lord and master,� says Goddess Phyllis gently to Denise who is barely conscious. �Give me whatever you have left in that magic pussy.� As Goddess Phyllis manipulates Denise&#8217;s cunt, the moaning builds up until another blast hits Goddess Phyllis in her open mouth. As Goddess Phyllis takes it all in, she leans over Denise, rubs her cheek gently with her right hand and opens Denise&#8217;s mouth with her left. Goddess Phyllis lets all of Denise&#8217;s ejaculate run from Her mouth into Denise&#8217;s. �How do you like your taste, mommy?� asks Goddess Phyllis. �Umm,� says Denise as she fades into unconsciousness.

�Girls, withdraw your dildos and suck those asses,� commands Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca and Chemaine immediately comply and bury their faces in Ailan&#8217;s and Nelly&#8217;s ass cracks. The two beauties are inserting their tongues in those two well fucked holes and sucking as hard as they can. Chemaine grabs hold of Nelly&#8217;s ass cheeks and pushes her face in so hard that Nelly falls forward onto her belly. Chemaine doesn&#8217;t miss a beat and keeps sucking. Rebecca stops sucking Ailan&#8217;s ass long enough to insert four fingers in that gorgeous ass and withdraw them, put them in her mouth and suck them like candy. She buries her face back in the crack and sucks some more. �Switch time,� proclaims The Goddess. �Ailan, you may fuck Rebecca&#8217;s ass and Nelly, you are fortunate enough to fuck Chemaine&#8217;s ass. Mommy, give me your dildo so I can fuck that masterful ass of yours.� Elly hands the strap-on to her godly daughter and assumes the position. Ailan and Nelly are poised at the entrance to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s special girls&#8217; anal openings as Goddess Phyllis lines herself up behind her mother. �Penetrate!� commands Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis, Ailan and Nelly enter Elly, Rebecca and Chemaine simultaneously and begin pumping. Goddess Phyllis immediately is pumping at a furious rate, her long, blonde hair flying back and forth. Ailan and Nelly are a bit more conservative, afraid of doing anything to displease either Goddess Phyllis or these magnificent babydolls that they have been blessed to fuck. Gradually, Ailan and Nelly pick up intensity and are fucking the youngsters with much gusto.

I am lying in my corner, watching all of this with a cock that is bursting with desire. I never dreamed that I would see Goddess Phyllis get sprayed in the face with another woman&#8217;s come, or to see Goddess Phyllis publicly fuck her mother or to see her babies, Rebecca and Chemaine, get fucked by anyone other than each other or an inner circle member. I could see Baby watching with a hand between her legs, playing with her pussy. Nurse Linda and Rhonda dare not touch their pussies without the express consent of Goddess Phyllis, but I could tell from the way they are squirming that they are on fire. Goddess Phyllis looks up and sees her sister Baby playing with her pussy. �Roxanna, go over and relieve my sister&#8217;s cunt,� orders Goddess Phyllis. Roxanna runs over to Baby and buries her face in Karen&#8217;s cunt, using that wonderful, long tongue of hers. �Rhonda, Linda, you may play with each other and come if you want,� says Goddess Phyllis. The words were barely out of her mouth when the two women began groping each other&#8217;s sopping wet cunts, squeezing and playing with the clit, but definitely no insertion. Never violate Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s golden rule: Pussies are for sucking, asses are for fucking. Nurse Linda goes down on Rhonda&#8217;s pussy and licks the cunt that gave birth to the gorgeous Chemaine. Although Rhonda is the reigning ass queen, she is still the most inexperienced of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s entire inner circle and, as such, is still thrilled beyond belief when her cunt gets sucked and licked. And Linda is good at it, also. Goddess Phyllis suddenly gives the command, �Girls, withdraw and suck those asses.&nbsp; Goddess Phyllis pulls out as do Ailan and Nelly. Ailan buries her face in Rebecca&#8217;s ass and begins licking. �My god,� she exclaims, �this girl is delicious!� Ailan goes back to that lovely asshole. Nelly is sucking on Chemaine&#8217;s ass and licking the crack of the fourteen year old stud beauty. �A, wait until you taste Chemaine&#8217;s ass. It is incredible!� Goddess Phyllis smiles. �Girls,� says The Goddess, �Enjoy, as those are the best asses you are likely to taste. I&#8217;ve been eating ass all over the world and have never tasted ass like these two. But there are all kinds of lovely, too. You will certainly enjoy sucking my mommy&#8217;s ass.� �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis,� exclaim Ailan and Nelly simultaneously. �It will be an honor and thrill to eat your mommy&#8217;s ass.�

The sight of all of this ass licking and tongue fucking is blowing my mind. My poor, miserable cock is literally throbbing and I can&#8217;t help but writhe around on the floor. I wish someone would need to pee or shit just so I can have my mind taken off of throbbing member. Goddess Phyllis, who sees all and knows all, is not unaware of my discomfort, and seeks to increase the level of it. �Girls,� Says in her imperious voice, �look how shitboy is squirming. He is oh so hot. I&#8217;ve got an idea. Let&#8217;s hook him up to one of the fucking machines.� �Great idea, Goddess Phyllis,� says Elly. Rebecca and Chemaine agree. �Linda, take shitboy over to a machine and set him up with a number 3 dildo. Set the machine to medium,� commands Goddess Phyllis. I knew that a number 3 is a good size shlong and medium on the fucking machine is pretty hard. Nurse Linda takes me in her arms and carries me over to the area of the machine, as it is known. This is where Goddess Phyllis has all six of her ass fucking machines set up. Linda puts me down on the contoured table and separates my legs and bends me forward, strapping my ankles and wrists so that I am quite immobile and quite spread open. I hear the motor start and feel the dong against my asshole. Linda puts a tiny bit of lube on the end of the dildo and slides the lever forward. This causes the dildo to go forward into my anus. As the twelve inch monster reaches maximum depth, Linda marks this as �max-depth� and brings the lever back. I feel the ersatz cock coming out of my ass and then back in. Slow at first, but soon the in-out increases until the thing is really fucking me senseless. I can hear the other girls shouting now, as it seems that I have become the show. �Fuck him up and down,� orders Goddess Phyllis. Linda moves the joystick on the device so that it is whipping me up and down and side to side. This continues for many minutes until finally Goddess Phyllis orders Linda to stop and unhook me. She does. Goddess Phyllis looks at me. All of the girls are looking at me. �Shitboy, on your knees,� order Goddess Phyllis. I am on my knees. Goddess Phyllis puts a finger in her delicious pussy and holds it under my nose, then puts it on my tongue. I&#8217;m swooning at this point and know what is coming. Goddess Phyllis inserts a finger in her magnificent ass and lets me sniff it before She places it in my mouth. The taste of her ass is so unbelievable. �Come, shitboy,� commands Goddess Phyllis. On my knees, hands out in front of me like a beggar, sucking on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s finger and with nothing touching my cock, I shoot a load of come into my awaiting hands. �Eat it, you miserable wretch,� orders Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I say as I begin drinking my own come. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis.�










Chapter 25 &#8211; A New Dawn

After my delightful orgasm, I crawled back to my corner and the girls went back to their assorted fucking and sucking escapades. Before I could get settled, the phone rang. �Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s residence,� I answered. I could hear sobbing from the other end. �Shitboy? This is Dawn; do you remember me?� Did I remember her! On my first night of ownership by Goddess Phyllis, on the night that Goddess Phyllis gave me to her mommy who in turn sold the rights to abuse me to her �Fat Grannies� club. One of these women was Dawn, a three hundred pound African-American beauty with a hairy, smelly cunt. Elly made me eat her more than any of the other girls, Babe or Ellie, and I wretched on more than one occasion. �Hi Mistress Dawn. Yes, of course I remember you,� I said. I was always respectful of woman and referred to anyone I had previous contact with as Mistress. �Shitboy, I was just beaten up and thrown out by Ellie. I have nowhere to go.� �What happened,� I asked. �She said my cunt wasn&#8217;t smelly anymore, that I wasn&#8217;t obedient enough, and that she had a new girl and didn&#8217;t want me anymore. Then she punched me in the face and kicked me.� Poor Dawn was sobbing. �Where are you now,� I asked. �In a White Castle. The smell is killing me and making me hungry, too.� I knew what she meant. Those White Castles were delicious but disgusting all at the same time. �Hold on,� I told her. �Let me go talk to someone.� I crawled into the main room. Everyone was involved in some sort of oral adventure. I crawled over to Goddess Phyllis and succinctly gave Her the highlights of the conversation. �Go pick her up and bring her back here,� said Goddess Phyllis. Off I went to the phone. �Dawn, which White Castle are you at?� She gave me the location; I threw on some clothes and hit the road.

Dawn was a big black girl, very pretty. She had been working out the past few months and was in the best condition of here life. Although she was still a three hundred pounder, she carried a lot less body fat and more muscle. Her dietary habits had improved and this was one of the reasons that her cunt smelled better. She also douched more often and kept her pussy hair more trimmed. Apparently, Ellie didn&#8217;t like the new Dawn. As she sat there sipping her coffee, a man approached her. �Hi babe, looking for some company?� he asked. He was a middle aged white guy, probably married and thinking she was some sort of whore or something (although she often had sex for money, usually with women, she was no whore). Dawn smiled up at him and grabbed his crotch with her right hand. She squeezed and told him to apologize for addressing her so disrespectfully. The guy squeaked out an apology and limped away just as I walked in. Dawn immediately smiled when she saw me, as did I. I bent over and kissed her on the cheek and took her hand. �Come with me,� I said. �Goddess Phyllis awaits you. We don&#8217;t want to keep her waiting longer than necessary.�

Goddess Phyllis was conferring her mommy, telling her the Dawn incident. Goddess Phyllis always enjoyed beating the crap out of Ellie, and usually that was for a made up reason. This time, there may be a real reason. Whoo hoo! �Mommy, if what we heard so far is most of the truth, how bad should we hurt Ellie?� Goddess Phyllis knew that she tended to go too far sometimes, and whose opinion would be better than her own mommy, Elly? Elly thought for a second. �I think we need to both beat her and humiliate her in front of all of her girls. I&#8217;d like to beat her rather than whip her. May I?� asked Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy Elly. �Ya know what,� said Goddess Phyllis, I&#8217;d like Nurse Linda to put the hurting on Ellie. I&#8217;ve been watching her workout and she is a strong girl. Knows how to fight, too.� �Excellent, Goddess Phyllis, I&#8217;ll get our girls ready. Should I get your cunts-in-waiting?� �Sure,� said Goddess Phyllis, �they will enjoy it. Go tell Linda of our plan. But first, call Ellie and tell her to come over, and to bring Jane with her.�

I enter the mansion of Goddess Phyllis with Dawn and we both disrobe in the foyer. Clothing is an affront to Goddess Phyllis and all who are in her presence must be naked at all times. We go into the main room and kneel before Goddess Phyllis. �Dawn, you look good, except for that bruise under your eye. But you look great body-wise. Even your pussy is nicely trimmed,� comments Goddess Phyllis. �I think that is what annoyed Ellie,� explained Dawn. �A lot of the other girls were now enjoying me and Ellie didn&#8217;t want that. I would have left. She didn&#8217;t have to hurt me like that.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Dawn,� said the Goddess, �Ellie is on her way over right now. You&#8217;re going to have the pleasure of watching Linda here put a beating on her. You can smack her a few times, too. We&#8217;re also going to make Ellie watch sweet little Jane get hooked up to one of my fucking machines. In fact, she can watch as she is also getting machine fucked. And whatever else comes up, like some pee or poop or whatever.� Dawn smiled. �Oh, Goddess Phyllis, you are truly a Goddess. You are my lord. I pray to you and worship you and ask to kiss your feet.� This pleases Goddess Phyllis; there can rarely be too much adoration for Goddess Phyllis. �Dawn, do you have a place to live?� asks the Goddess. �No, I do not, Goddess Phyllis,� replies Dawn. �You may stay here then. Join my girls, get your ass fucked and your pussy sucked, but be prepared to do anything I tell you, no matter what.� Dawn broke down sobbing. �Anything for my lord, anything, Goddess Phyllis, no matter what.� Linda had tears in her eyes from watching this scene; you could feel the power of Goddess Phyllis emanating from her. You could almost see an aura.

A knock on the door. I scurry over and open the door. It is Ellie and Jane, and boy, does Ellie look scared. Jane, Ellie&#8217;s deadpan tongue maiden, has her usual placid expression. I wondered how long that would last after she is hooked up to one of the machines. We enter the stripping foyer and the girls disrobe; petite Jane and massive, huge Ellie. I lead them into the main room and stop. They approach Goddess Phyllis and kneel before her. Goddess Phyllis looks at the girls and delivers a harsh backhand slap to Ellie&#8217;s face. �Why?� she asks. Ellie looks over toward Dawn, Linda and Elly and begins sobbing. �I&#8217;m a stupid pig, Goddess Phyllis,� sobs Ellie. �I acted impetuously in what I did with Dawn and I apologize to her, and to you.� �Fat pig, do you think an apology means anything at this point? Linda, Mommy, take these two and hook them up to the fucking machines,� commands Goddess Phyllis. Linda grabs Ellie by the hair and drags her to machine 1 while Elly picks up Jane under her arm and takes her to machine 4. This way Ellie and Jane are looking at each other. The Mistresses insert the piston-dildo into the respective ass holes, set the machine for moderate, and hit the button. The dildo going into Jane causes her to emit an odd sound, a combination moan/groan; Ellie accepts hers silently. Their asses are getting fucked at a good rate, and this goes on for about ten minutes until Goddess Phyllis orders Linda to beat Ellie. Linda smiles that big smile on her big, round lips on her big, round face on that big, round body with the big round ass and, of course, big, round tits. Linda stops machine 1 and leads Ellie into the middle of the room. 

All of the girls are now gathered in the main room. I look around. There are Goddess Phyllis, Baby, Elly, Rebecca, Chemaine, Rhonda, Linda, Ailan and Nelly and Denise, and the rest of the cunts-in-waiting: Angel, KathyJ, Sarah, Evelyn and Marilyn. Dawn is in between Rebecca and Chemaine who are lightly stroking her pussy. Linda looks at Ellie, on her knees in front of her. �Stand up!� orders Linda. Ellie stands and receives a right hook that catches her on the left side of her face. Ellie goes reeling over, and as she falls, Linda steps sideways and delivers a hard kick to Ellie&#8217;s fat stomach. As Ellie hits the ground, Linda is on her, pinning her with her knees on Ellie&#8217;s shoulders. Linda emits stream of urine that Ellie some how has the presence of mind to swallow. �Go Nursie dear,� yells Goddess Phyllis encourageingly. Linda backs up a little so that she is now sitting on Ellie&#8217;s stomach and begins delivering lefts and rights to the prone Ellie&#8217;s face. As the punches reign down, they turn Ellie&#8217;s face into a bloody mess. I see Jane sobbing while still getting machine fucked. Linda pulls Ellie to her knees by her hair and says to her, �Watch.� Linda walks over to Jane and gives her a vicious slap to the face, and then another. Jane&#8217;s mouth is bleeding, and Linda licks a little of the blood, goes back to Ellie, and kisses her. �Taste little Janie&#8217;s blood?� asks Linda as she whips her knee a cross Ellie&#8217;s head, knocking her over again. This time Ellie is not moving. Linda delivers a kick to the stomach. A small moan from the unconscious Ellie. �At least she&#8217;s still alive,� chuckles Linda.










Chapter 26 &#8211; Squirting Fun and Eating Poop

Goddess Phyllis enjoyed watching Linda put a beating on Ellie, but her mind was on Denise&#8217;s squirting pussy. She wished She could come like that. Goddess Phyllis had wonderful orgasms, wet and powerful and long-lasting and multiple, but to be able to shoot a stream like taking a pee�.Damn. �Linda, as nurse, you now have to clean up the mess you made. Get fatty and Jane in shape enough to get out of here.� Linda began administering to Ellie, who was regaining consciousness. �Angel, KathyJ, Sarah, Evelyn and Marilyn, back to your waiting area. Fuck each others asses and have many orgasms. Angel, little Miss Perfect Ass, you&#8217;re in charge. Now go.� The cunts-in-waiting go back to their lair. Ailan and Nelly are still paired off with Rebecca and Chemaine, Dawn is sticking a huge plug in Rhonda&#8217;s ass and Mommy and Baby are enjoying each other&#8217;s asses. Goddess Phyllis summons Denise over and has her begin licking the sacred pussy.

Denise had progressed from novice pussy eater to expert in a short period of time due to many, many hours of practice, mostly with her daughters and now with most of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls. To be able to suck on this majestic pussy, the cunt of a living deity, was getting her so hot And that is what Goddess Phyllis was expecting. Goddess Phyllis allowed Denise to suck her to orgasm and then laid her back and began to return the favor. Denise was panting with desire. Goddess Phyllis swirled her tongue inside Denise&#8217;s pussy and sucked on her clit. �Goddess Phyllis, I&#8217;m gonna burst.� yelled Denise. Goddess Phyllis lifted her head away from Denise&#8217;s cunt and placed both of her hands on either side and began kneading Denise&#8217;s pussy. Within seconds, Denise let loose a stream of come that shot right into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face. The stream lasted several seconds and was rapidly followed by another. After the third one, Goddess Phyllis was soaked. The come was dripping own her face onto the magnificent breasts and stomach. �Damn, Denise,� said Goddess Phyllis, �you have a magical pussy. I want to be able to come like that.�

Goddess Phyllis called Linda over. �Nurse Linda, I want to be able to come like Denise. Do your research and let me know when you are ready.� Nurse Linda gulped. She already knew a little about this subject and knew that this was a tough assignment. But you do not disappoint Goddess Phyllis. Linda knew that much. Goddess Phyllis continued kneading Denise&#8217;s pussy. She knew that Denise was good for three bursts on average, and number two wouldn&#8217;t take long as Goddess Phyllis had not only physical control but also mental control over her. �Look at me, Denise,� said Goddess Phyllis as Denise was lying on the bed with her eyes closed. Denise opened and saw the blonde beauty working her cunt, staring into her very soul. Denise slapped her clit area as Goddess Phyllis worked her magic and the waterworks began. A hard stream erupted and Goddess Phyllis caught it in her mouth. A second or two pause and here comes another. Goddess Phyllis lets this hit her in the chest and rubs it all around. Smells nice. Goddess Phyllis leans over the spent older woman. �Denise, open you mouth,� She says. Denise opens wide as Goddess Phyllis, who had been holding Denise&#8217;s come in her mouth, drops it into Denise&#8217;s open orifice. Both ladies are licking their lips now.

Linda has been watching this and is both amazed at the strength and force of Denise&#8217;s stream and how hot she is right now. She wonders if she can play with herself. She does not have permission to, but on the other hand, Goddess Phyllis did not say that she couldn&#8217;t. Linda is squirming around the floor trying to rub her pussy between her thighs. Goddess Phyllis sees all and knows what Linda needs. Goddess Phyllis looks in my direction. �Shitboy, go over to Nurse Linda and eat her pussy. Make her come twice.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I reply. �Beg her first though. You must get her permission,� continues The Goddess. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I say as I get on my knees and crawl over to Linda. I know that Linda will permit me to eat her; damn, I can smell her pussy from ten feet away. But I know that she will want to impress Goddess Phyllis also. I crawl next to the big, three hundred thirty pound blonde beauty. �Nurse Linda, please allow me the honor of sucking your golden pussy,� I say in my best pleading tone. Nurse Linda looks at me dubiously. �Do you think you are worthy?� asks Linda in a panting voice. I can tell how very hot she is. �Yes, Nurse Linda, although I am a human toilet and lower than the shit on the sidewalk, I am very good at serving and eating a woman&#8217;s pussy. Please allow me to please you.� Linda smiled. She was hot, but she was playing it cool, no doubt for the benefit of The Goddess. �Shitboy,� said Linda, �stand up and let me see if you&#8217;re excited.� I stood, and my miserable, worthless little cock was standing at attention, fully erect. Linda reached over and touched the tip. �Hmm, a little pre-come on your dick.� She put her finger in her mouth. �Typical male taste. Crap compared to the taste of a woman,� said Linda, causing Goddess Phyllis to smile. �Ok, shitboy, eat me!� 

Upon hearing that, I crawl one more step to Nurse Linda and bury my face in her wonderful crotch. God, she is so wet. I begin slurping up her wetness and swallowing it greedily.&nbsp; This is the same woman who has the best tasting shit this side of Goddess Phyllis, and her cunt is quite delicious also. I insert my tongue into her hole and up so that I can give her clit a good and deep sucking. I can tell that Linda is enjoying this by her moans and groans and her pussy getting wetter. I attempt to leave her clit for a second to suck up some juice, but she grabs me by the back of my head. Her strength was demonstrable when she was beating Ellie, but to feel it first hand is incredible. She shoves my head tight to her pussy. I suck for all I&#8217;m worth as her powerful thighs close in around my head. Linda squeezes her legs; it feels like my head is in a vice. Being the dedicated slave that I am, I ignore the pain and continuing the business of sucking this pussy. In seconds, I am rewarded with more cunt juice flowing into my mouth as Linda has a forceful orgasm. After maybe twenty seconds of bucking, she slows down. �Keep licking me, shitboy. Goddess Phyllis said for me to have two orgasms.� Linda grabs my head by the ears, pulls me out of her crotch to look at me, and then shoves my head back between her legs. I run my tongue up one cunt lip and down the other, pausing at the top to lick the clit. Inserting my tongue and withdrawing it is something I wanted to try, sort of like a tongue fucking. Linda digs this and puts her own twist on it by using my ears again as handles. She pulls me out and slams me back in. The strength of her holding my ears and slamming me so forcefully into her crotch is getting painful. But what can I do? I do my job, which in this case is to tongue fuck this wet blonde pussy as best I can. Linda is now moaning and groaning. The thighs tighten around my head and she lets a flood of love juice flow into my mouth. Linda bucks and turns so that she is now on top of me. I see and feel nothing except the weight of this woman sitting on my face with her sopping wet pussy. Linda is grinding her cunt into my head and still orgasming. Finally, she begins subsiding and lifts up. I suck in a huge gulp of air, and then another as Linda gets off me and rolls over. She looks me in the eyes and gives me a kiss on the mouth. �Nice pussy eating,� she says. �Thank you, Nurse Linda,� I reply.

Most of the other ladies were watching and enjoying this show. As Linda get up, she says, �Goddess Phyllis, I feel the urge to shit.� Goddess Phyllis smiles. �Anyone else?� asks The Goddess. Dawn&#8217;s hand shoots up as does Mommy Elly. �Excellent,� says Goddess Phyllis. �The three biggest women all have to take dumps. I want you to all squat over shitboy and drop your loads on him. I&#8217;ll clean my mommy&#8217;s anus, Rebecca will lick Linda clean and Chemaine will do the same for Dawn. Now, let&#8217;s roll.� Dawn and Elly come over to where Linda and I are and the four of us move to the shitting area, that uncarpeted area that is sue for all of the shit and piss activities. I lay down in the designated spot and Linda stands over my forehead and squats half way. Elly is by my right cheek and Dawn by my left. All of these three huge asses are pointed at my head. As I look up, I wonder who will be the first. The answer comes quickly. A brown turd emerges from Linda&#8217;s pink anus and is shortly followed by a large looking thing coming from Dawn&#8217;s brown anus. Linda&#8217;s turd is pretty big and she drops it right in my mouth. I hold on to it as Dawn drops a hunk on my head. A second piece from Dawn is followed by a loud fart from Elly. This gets laughs all around, but of course I cannot laugh as I have a huge turd in my mouth. It appears as though the fart was a prelude to some messy business as Elly&#8217;s load is quite loose and liquidy. �Ooh, mommy, what did you eat,� says Goddess Phyllis to her mother. �Must be the beer, Goddess Phyllis,� replied the mother of The Goddess. Linda drops another large chunk as does Dawn and then Elly erupts on me again with a totally liquid load. �Better start eating,� orders Goddess Phyllis, as she begins to lick her mommy&#8217;s ass. Rebecca buries her face in Linda&#8217;s ass as Chemaine does the same with Dawn. All of the ladies are now having their anuses cleansed by the most desirable women in the world. I begin devouring the large turd that has been in my mouth and make quick work of that. I slurp up some of Elly&#8217;s diarrhea and chomp on some of Dawn&#8217;s shit. I haven&#8217;t had any of her&#8217;s since my first day under Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s command. Some more diarrhea and some more shit chunks and soon I&#8217;ve cleaned up everything. Damn, I&#8217;m good.










Chapter 27 &#8211; An Unhappy Goddess

A couple of weeks went by and Goddess Phyllis wanted a report from Nurse Linda regarding the squirting pussy situation. Linda had been doing research and had come to the conclusion that being able to squirt like Denise was something you either had the ability to do or not and was not something that could really be developed. Linda had worked on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy with different types of vibrators, including a new style that she developed and built that attached to the thumbs and stimulated the clitoris from underneath and inside. These had given Goddess Phyllis excellent orgasms and She even squirted a little bit on more than one occasion. But that big stream was not forthcoming.

Goddess Phyllis was not happy about this situation.&nbsp; She was used to getting what she wanted and that was not happening in this case. Goddess Phyllis turned to her mommy for some consultation. Goddess Phyllis explained the scenario to Elly. Mommy thought for a few minutes. Finally, the mother of the Goddess spoke. �Goddess Phyllis, you know that squirting like that is more of a talent that some people are born with. You know how wet I get but I don&#8217;t squirt and neither does Baby. Even Ailan and Nelly don&#8217;t and Denise is their mother, for crap sake. I&#8217;m of the opinion that you really should not blame Linda or consider this a failure.� Goddess Phyllis took this under consideration. �But Mommy,� said Goddess Phyllis, �Linda was told to do something and she failed. And you know that I do not tolerate failure very well.� Elly met her daughter&#8217;s gaze. �Goddess Phyllis, tell me what you want me to do and it will be done.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. She loved her mommy so much and never more than during the past few months as Elly&#8217;s asshole was fucked on a daily basis and she had learned to love it so. �Mommy, I fell that Linda needs to be beaten. I want you to beat her like she just beat Ellie.� �Goddess Phyllis, tell me when and I will do it.� �Of course you will. Now, take four fingers and stick them up your ass. Now!� Elly immediately stuck four fingers of her left hand up her ass and worked them around. �Give me that hand.� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Elly removed the hand from her ass and presented it to Goddess Phyllis who began slowly licking the fingers, one by one.

Goddess Phyllis had all the girls assemble in the main living room. The cunts-in-waiting were all present (Angel, KathyJ, Sarah, Evelyn, Marilyn) as were Denise, Ailan, Nelly, Dawn, and, of course, Rebecca and Chemaine. I was in the corner with my cock throbbing wildly as I knew what was going to happen. Goddess Phyllis stood in the middle of the assembled group. �Girls, two weeks ago I ordered Nurse Linda to work with me so that I could squirt during orgasm like Denise here. The result? Well, suffice it to say that Nurse Linda failed to deliver on my request. Nurse Linda, come forward and accept your punishment.�&nbsp; Linda moved to the center of the group and kneeled before Goddess Phyllis. �Mommy, front and center,� said Goddess Phyllis. Elly came forward and stood next to Linda. �Let the beating begin!� commanded the Goddess. No sooner were the words out of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth than Elly delivered a sharp kick to the kneeling Linda&#8217;s ample belly, causing her to double over. This was followed by a knee to the head that knocked Linda backwards. The hurting was on. Elly jumped on top of Linda and sat on her stomach. She tucked Linda&#8217;s arms under her knees and began slapping Linda&#8217;s face. These were not ordinary slaps. These were the hard, vicious slaps of a woman who was stronger than Linda, a woman who had spent forty years wrestling and working out and kicking ass. Linda&#8217;s cheeks were turning beet red and she was bleeding from her mouth. Elly stopped the slapping long enough to grab Linda&#8217;s nipples and twist them around and yank them up with such force that Linda&#8217;s back was pulled off the ground. This worked out nicely as Elly delivered a right hook to Linda&#8217;s head. Blood went spewing off to Linda&#8217;s right as her mouth was covered in blood, her lips seemingly broken open. Elly stood up to admire her work. With remarkable agility for a woman of her size, Elly jumped up and came down with a knee to Linda&#8217;s stomach. This caused all of the air to come rushing out of Linda and with it a mouthful of blood that got over Elly&#8217;s face and blonde hair. Elly wiped the blood off of her face and licked it from her hand. Smiling, she kicked Linda in her left side, walked slowly around Linda, and delivered a kick to the right side. �On your knees, bitch,� ordered Elly. Nurse Linda struggled to her knees. Elly walked in front of Linda and put her head between her thighs. Elly squeezed her powerful thighs, causing Linda to gradually lose consciousness. She laid there, a bloody, beaten mess.

�Girls, what do you think we should do to Linda now?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Elly, who was sweating profusely, has an idea. �After we revive her, make her eat shit-boy&#8217;s shit What could be lower than that?� �I like it,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Girls?� The rest of the girls agreed. �Shit boy, here,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. I scurried over to the Goddess on all fours. �You will shit on Linda&#8217;s face when I tell you too. Understood?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� I replied. Elly peed on Linda&#8217;s face, reviving her. �Now shit boy, drop your load,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. I knelt over Linda and relaxed my sphincter. I was so well trained that not only could Goddess Phyllis make me come by voice command, but She also had control of many other of my bodily functions, including this. I let loose several nice turds on the now conscious Linda. �Eat it,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Linda was bloody and battered and had no resistance left in her. This woman, who only hours earlier had been chosen to punish Ellie, now had the shit beaten out of her by Elly and was reduced to eating my shit. I could see Linda crying as she ate the crap. It was one thing for the women to eat each other&#8217;s shit, but to be forced to eat mine was the lowest one could go. And eat it she did. Linda obediently ate all of my shit.

Goddess Phyllis was pleased with the beating and humiliation of Nurse Linda and wanted it topped off with some time on the fucking machine Elly brought Linda over and strapped her on while Rebecca lined up the controls. She put a jumbo sized dildo on the piston and inserted it in Linda&#8217;s ass, set the depth control, and turned it to medium. The machine began it&#8217;s relentless in-out of Linda&#8217;s ass, picking up speed as Rebecca turned the controls. Soon, the machine was pounding Linda&#8217;s hole, and with Becca working the joystick expertly, Linda was also being swung side to side. Goddess Phyllis let this go on for about thirty minutes, permitting all of the audience to masturbate themselves to many orgasms. It was quite a sight to see. Linda, impaled on the fucking machine, was being flung like a rag doll. Every single other girl had a hand between their legs, rubbing their clits or doing whatever was needed to please their pussies. Everyone, except me, had several orgasms. Finally, Goddess Phyllis told Rebecca to end the fucking. Elly went over to help Linda off the machine. Linda was limp, but she was not finished yet. Chemaine was waiting for her with the huge rubber fist. Elly had Linda get on her knees as Chemaine lined the huge monster up against Linda&#8217;s hyper extended hole and pushed. The phony fist easily entered Linda as Chemaine began pushing it in to its entire fourteen inch length. When it was in to the hilt, she pulled it out and repeated the process. All of the girls were forming a line, awaiting their turn to fist fuck the former nurse of the group, now reduced to a shit receptacle. You don&#8217;t want to disappoint Goddess Phyllis, that&#8217;s for sure.










Chapter 28 &#8211; Ellie&#8217;s Story

Ellie, the other Elly as in not Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy, is an interesting personality. During the late 80s and nineties, she dominated both the women&#8217;s wrestling league and scores of women. Ellie worked for the legendary PattyV and Arlene, the two goddesses who are the only women in the world that would be considered �above� Goddess Phyllis. Their story of wealth acquisition, sexual domination and political influence is deserving of its own chapter or two, but suffice it to say for now, they made it possible for the Goddess Phyllis Empire to exist. Besides her powerful four hundred pound body, Ellie was known for her amazing pussy eating ability, both her lightning quick �supersuck� that could make most women come in ten seconds and her lengthier �slowsuck� that would prolong orgasm for as long as Ellie wanted. The years of Ellie&#8217;s domination coincided with the years that Elly was partying way too much, drinking and drugging and not working out. An out-of-shape Elly, a former champion in her own right, would take matches with Ellie only for the money and would take a beating for it. Goddess Phyllis never forgot this and this was the reason why she delighted in humiliating Ellie, in beating her and degrading her and treating her like shit.

Ellie tolerated Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s abuse because she needed to be a part of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s world. She was a devotee of Goddess Phyllis, an acolyte. Simply put, Ellie loved Goddess Phyllis. All the girls did. But even though Goddess Phyllis treated Ellie with disdain, She did allow Ellie to keep her own stable of girls and deal with them in any way she wanted. The only stipulation was that all of the girls had to be approved by Goddess Phyllis. This story is a typical case of Ellie seducing a woman who had no lesbian experience, although Dawn (not the same Dawn; the prior Dawn is a big African-American lady. This Dawn is a chubby white lady around forty years old. Cute, nice tits, decent ass.) was an easy seduction.

Dawn woke up that morning with a burning pussy. She hadn&#8217;t been having sex for many months now; damn, it was approaching a year, she thought, ever since that bastard ex-husband left, finally. Dawn put her hand between her legs and gently began rubbing her clit. Umm, that felt good, she thought, but she slept a bit too late and didn&#8217;t really have time to give herself a needed orgasm. Dawn hit the shower and, although lingering a bit washing her cunt, did not play with herself. She dried off, put on some pantyhose (with no panties underneath; never saw the need for it. The hose would absorb her wetness, sort of) and topped it off with a nice short skirt. Cup of coffee, cigarette, and off to work.

Dawn had a 10 am meeting with Ellie. There were rumors about Ellie, that she was a lesbian, that she regularly had sex in her office. Dawn knew that Ellie was a big woman, what would be called a SSBBW, a super-sized big beautiful woman. It was fascinating to Dawn how anyone could be that big and be sexy, too. She thought that many people must have a fetish for that stuff. As 10am was right around the corner, Dawn headed to Ellie&#8217;s office. She knocked and heard a cheerful �come in� so she turned the handle and entered. What an office! It was huge, with a big desk and a large window. What caught Dawn&#8217;s eye was the beautiful couch that took up one whole side of the room. Ellie got up and walked over to greet Dawn. Dawn was a bit taken aback. Ellie was even bigger than Dawn had thought. Ellie took Dawn&#8217;s hand in a sort of handshake, but put her left hand over Dawn&#8217;s hand and gently rubbed. �Hi Dawn,� said Ellie. Dawn was little off center from the hand touching, but tried to disregard it. �Hi Ellie, nice to meet you.� �Yes, it&#8217;s about time,� said Ellie. �Come, sit down on the couch.� Ellie led Dawn to the couch and had her sit, and took a seat herself to Dawn&#8217;s right.

Ellie actually sat rather inappropriately close to Dawn. She felt from the hand touching that Dawn would be easy to seduce. There was a look in Dawn&#8217;s eyes that was lustful, that told an experienced lesbian like Ellie that Dawn wanted it and didn&#8217;t even know it. Dawn tried to move a little to her left to create some space, but Ellie put a hand on her thigh. Dawn&#8217;s skirt had ridden up a bit and Ellie&#8217;s hand was lying upon Dawn&#8217;s pantyhose. �Umm, I like the feel of pantyhose. It&#8217;s so sexy. Don&#8217;t you think so, Dawn?� asked Ellie. Dawn could fell her cheeks getting flushed. She didn&#8217;t think this touching was at all appropriate but she was enjoying it. She thought that it was because she woke up horny this morning. Ellie kept her hand on Dawn&#8217;s thigh and lightly squeezed. She looked right into Dawn&#8217;s eyes, but Dawn could not match her gaze and looked down. �Look at me,� said Ellie in a soft but authoritative voice. Dawn lifted her head up and looked into Ellie&#8217;s eyes. Ellie slid her left hand a bit higher up Dawn&#8217;s thigh and, with her right hand, stroked Dawn&#8217;s cheek. Dawn was still looking into Ellie&#8217;s eyes as Ellie leaned forward and kissed Dawn right on the lips. It was a light kiss, a short kiss. Ellie pulled back and moved her hand even further up Dawn&#8217;s leg. Dawn didn&#8217;t know what to say or do. She has never been kissed by a woman, let alone someone this size. She didn&#8217;t move, couldn&#8217;t move. Ellie slid her left hand to the top of Dawn&#8217;s thigh as her right hand went around Dawn&#8217;s neck and pulled Dawn&#8217;s head close to her own. Ellie kissed Dawn again, much harder this time. Ellie&#8217;s tongue entered Dawn&#8217;s mouth and explored. Dawn was kissing Ellie back and rolling her tongue around Ellie&#8217;s mouth. Dawn put her arms around Ellie, at least as far as she could (Ellie was far too big for Dawn to be able to enclose her with a hug), and kissed back with more passion than she could have imagined. The ladies were in a passionate embrace now as Ellie&#8217;s left hand reached Dawn&#8217;s crotch, pushing Dawn&#8217;s skirt up around her waist. Ellie reached inside Dawn&#8217;s pantyhose, grabbed the waistband, and, with remarkable strength, pulled the band apart and ripped the pantyhose right off of Dawn&#8217;s waist and right leg. Dawn lifted up a bit to allow Ellie to get the fabric totally off of her. Ellie pushed Dawn down on the couch as she placed Dawn&#8217;s right leg on top of the couch back. Ellie slid back and lowered her mouth to Dawn&#8217;s crotch. Her tongue reached out and slurped up some of Dawn&#8217;s wetness.

Dawn felt powerless in the presence of big Ellie. From the time she entered the room, she could feel the immense power of this woman. Her pussy had immediately juiced up, and the hand touching made it worse. Ellie&#8217;s hand on her thigh had her really hot and the kiss put her over the edge. Dawn would let Ellie do anything she wanted, and Ellie knew it. The feel of Ellie&#8217;s mouth on her pussy was incredible. Ellie stopped for a second to look up at Dawn. �Dawn, I&#8217;m going to give you the best orgasm you&#8217;re ever had.� With that, Ellie went back down on Dawn and began sucking her clit while inserting her tongue inside of Dawn&#8217;s sopping wet cunt. Ellie had Dawn writhing, and to top it off, Ellie inserted her middle finger in Dawn&#8217;s asshole. This put Dawn over the edge as she had a powerful orgasm, dripping her come into Ellie&#8217;s sucking mouth. Ellie kept sucking and manipulating the finger in Dawn&#8217;s ass, drawing out Dawn&#8217;s orgasm as long as possible. Dawn was bucking up and down on the couch with her thighs tightly wrapped around Ellie&#8217;s head. As Ellie continued the sucking, Dawn has multiple orgasms for the first time in her life. Finally, the orgasms subsided, and Ellie lifted her head out of Dawn&#8217;s crotch and pulled her finger out of Dawn&#8217;s ass. Ellie licked the finger as she looked at Dawn. �How was it,� asked Ellie. Dawn was glassy eyed. �That was the best orgasm of my life, Ellie.� �Call me Mistress Ellie, Dawn. You are now one of my subjects. Tonight, I&#8217;ll give you an orgasm that will make this one pale in comparison. Agreed?� Without the need for thought, Dawn nodded. �Thank you, Mistress Ellie. I am honored to be one of your subjects, and I cannot wait for tonight.� Ellie smiled. �Mistress Ellie, may I lick your pussy?� asked Dawn. Ellie smiled even more.

Next: Dawn sucks Ellie










Chapter 29 &#8211; Dawn and Ellie

Ellie knew that Dawn was bursting to suck her pussy, but wanted to tease her, just a bit. �Dawn, you&#8217;ve never sucked pussy before, have you?� asked Ellie. Dawn blushed. �No, Mistress Ellie, never.� �Then what makes you think that you can suck mine with the respect that it deserves?� asked the mountain of a woman. �I would try to do to you what you did to my pussy,� said Dawn, blushing even more. �Tonight, after I give you a thorough licking and sucking, you will be allowed to taste my pussy. For now, though, I think you deserve a taste of my ass,� said Ellie.

Dawn looked at Ellie with lust in her eyes. The thought of licking this huge woman&#8217;s ass was making her pussy all wet. Elli peeled off her dress, and to Dawn&#8217;s astonishment, Ellie had no underwear. No bra, no panties, nothing. She had two stomachs, the upper one resting on the lower one, and her tits resting on the upper. Ellie kneeled on the couch and reached behind herself, spreading her enormous ass cheeks as far as she could. �Dawn, reach inside my hands and spread me open even further.� Dawn did just that, and with the additional spreading, she could now see Ellie&#8217;s hole. Without any instruction, Dawn lowered her mouth to Ellie&#8217;s crack and began licking the sides. Dawn was licking and sucking Ellie&#8217;s ass crack, working her way into the not so small hole. Inserting her tongue, Dawn could taste a little of Ellie&#8217;s shit. This made her suck as hard as she could. �Suck that ass, slut,� yelled Ellie. This turned Dawn on even more and she sucked even harder, her face literally buried in Ellie&#8217;s ass. Ellie was enjoying this on two levels; the sucking felt fantastic and the fact that Dawn, who thirty minutes ago was a �virgin�, was now an ass licking little whore. Ellie allowed Dawn to suck her hole for a nice ten minutes before ordering her to stop. Reluctantly, Dawn pulled her head back as Ellie turned around and looked at her. Dawn had the look of a wild animal. She was panting and sweating. Ellie takes her middle finger and swirls it around her cunt, take it out and places it on Dawn&#8217;s tongue. �Suck it, my little pretty,� says Ellie, and suck she does. Dawn is totally turned on by the finger sucking, finding that Ellie&#8217;s cunt tastes delicious.
Dawn wants so much to suck Ellie&#8217;s pussy that she begins moving her head in that direction. Ellie quickly puts an end to that by grabbing Dawn&#8217;s shoulder, pulling her upright, and plating a passionate kiss on her mouth. �Dawn,� says Ellie, �let&#8217;s take the day off and head to my place. I&#8217;ll suck you slowly, and then let you suck me. We can explore each other&#8217;s asses. Doesn&#8217;t that sound nice?� Dawn was on the verge of tears. �Oh, thank you, Mistress Ellie. That&#8217;s sounds incredible.� �Ellie nodded in agreement. �My car is right outside. A red Jeep Cherokee. Be there exactly at 11:15.� It was now 10:50am. In fifty minutes, Dawn had changed from a horny divorcee to a lesbian submissive. 

Dawn is exactly on time and hops in the passenger&#8217;s seat. Ellie goes behind the wheel, starts the car and pulls out. As they drive along. Ellie pulls a small butt plug out of her purse and hands it to Dawn. �Here, baby, put this in your ass.� Dawn takes it and looks at it, slides down on the seat so that her ass is sticking up, and puts the plug up her ass. While in that position, Ellie grabs Dawn&#8217;s cunt and gets some goo on her hand. She sniffs it and licks it. �I like the way you taste, Dawn,� says Ellie. �Thank you, Mistress Ellie. I loved the taste of your ass. I can&#8217;t wait to taste your pussy.� As they continue on to Ellie&#8217;s place, thoughts of what is to come fill both of these horny women&#8217;s heads. Dawn is dreaming of pleasures still unimaginable, while Ellie knows all too well what awaits her newest girlfriend.

Walking into Ellie&#8217;s big, beautifully furnished apartment inside a luxury high-rise, with her own private elevator, Dawn was taken aback by the size of the place, the view, and the plush carpeting. As Dawn was gazing around, Ellie took off her dress. �Dawn, take your clothes off.� The sounds of her new master&#8217;s vice snapped Dawn back to reality. She looked over toward Ellie and gasped. Seeing the naked Ellie standing like this was a sight to behold. Dawn could feel herself losing control, and she ran over to Ellie and dropped to her knees. Dawn lowered her head and kissed Ellie&#8217;s feet. �I love you, Mistress Ellie,� said Dawn, choking up on the words. �Rise, honey,� said Ellie, �And take off your clothes.� Dawn quickly took off her dress and stood naked before Ellie. Ellie was pleased. Dawn had nice tits and a good amount of body fat to go with that cute face. Ellie wrapped her arms around Dawn and gave her a long, smoldering kiss that left Dawn quivering. Dawn was sucking on Ellie&#8217;s tongue and panting and moaning; she seemed close to orgasming. Too soon, much too soon. 

Ellie scooped Dawn up in her arms like a mother would carry a baby. Ellie carried Dawn over to a gynecological type table, complete with stirrups and laid her down on it. Ellie placed each of Dawn&#8217;s legs in the stirrups leaving Dawn quite spread apart. Ellie kneeled on the platform connected to the table and adjusted the height. Ellie now had a perfect alignment with Dawn&#8217;s very wet pussy. Ellie lowered her head to this hot pussy and gently began licking Dawn&#8217;s cunt lips, up one side and down the other. Then she began gently nibbling on the lips, very deliberately working hr way to Dawn&#8217;s throbbing clit. Ellie kissed the clit and rolled the tip of her tongue over it. Dawn was squirming around and moaning �I love you, Mistress Ellie, I love you.� Ellie took the anal probe that was on the nearby tray and rubbed in on Dawn&#8217;s pussy. She placed on the opening of Dawn&#8217;s asshole and gently pushed it in. There was enough natural lube on it that it slid easily up Dawn&#8217;s ass. Ellie began working it in and out as she sucked Dawn&#8217;s cunt. When Ellie felt that Dawn was getting too close to coming, she would stop sucking and forcefully move the anal dildo side to side, wait a few seconds, then begin again. Ellie kelp this up for about twenty minutes before she could tell that Dawn had enough. Ellie zeroed in on the clit and gave it long, hard sucks as she wiggled the dildo. In seconds, Dawn was bouncing up off the table in orgasmic delight. Ellie&#8217;s head never left that cunt, and Dawn kept coming. Finally yelling �ayyyyy� Dawn let one final contraction shoot a bit of come in Ellie&#8217;s sucking mouth. Ellie never lost a beat with her oral machinations and brought Dawn down to a nice afterglow.

Ellie carries Dawn to the couch and places her down. Ellie sits on the couch and places her right leg on the couch back and the left leg on the left armrest. This leaves her crotch nice and exposed. Dawn takes one look and, in a flash, is between Ellie&#8217;s legs. �Please, oh please Mistress Ellie, please let me suck you,� begged Dawn. �Yes, go ahead,� said Ellie. With those words, Dawn leaned forward and pressed her entire face into Ellie&#8217;s ample pussy, getting a nice whiff of this incredible woman. Pulling back a little, Dawn runs her tongue up one of Ellie&#8217;s cunt lips and down the other. She begins nibbling the fleshy cunt lips, working from the bottom up until she reaches the clit. Using her hands to pull back the hood, Dawn takes the clit in her mouth and sucks it. She seems to recall everything that Ellie did to her and is repeating it for Ellie&#8217;s satisfaction. Ellie puts her hands on the sides of Dawns&#8217; head and establishes a rhythm, grinding her hips and moving Dawn&#8217;s head in a manner that will make Mistress Ellie come very quickly. Dawn is sucking when Ellie erupts, dropping a good size mouthful of fluid into Dawn&#8217;s mouth. Dawn swallows this nectar down and continues sucking as Ellie comes a second time, no mouthfuls flowing into Dawn&#8217;s mouth this time, but Dawn is sucking the pussy so intensely that she is getting a good bit of cunt juice. Ellie is slowing down and tells Dawn to ease up. Dawn begins laying light kisses on Ellie&#8217;s great pussy when Ellie says, �Dawn, I need to pee. Keep your mouth there and let the pee slide down your throat. Keep your throat open; don&#8217;t try to swallow it as there is too much and it comes too quickly. Just keep your throat open.� Ellie pulls Dawn&#8217;s head a little tighter to her cunt and lets loose her pee. Dawn, although she has never done this before, she is a natural and the pee glides down her throat, warming her belly. As the stream subsides, Dawn is able to keep a little in her mouth and savor the taste. Salty and delicious. Dawn had a feeling that this would not be the last time that she drank Ellie&#8217;s pee. And that feeling made her very happy indeed. 










Chapter 30 &#8211; Chemaine&#8217;s Birthday Party

Goddess Phyllis had been watching a replay of some of the action between Ellie and Dawn. As Ellie was one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s acolytes, she needed Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s approval to bring any new girls into her domain. And Goddess Phyllis approved and sent Ellie an email saying so. Goddess Phyllis was quite impressed with both Dawn herself and Ellie&#8217;s easy seduction of her. Ellie&#8217;s stock has risen in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s eyes.

Now, on to the event of the hour. Happy Birthday, Chemaine! Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s little darling turned 15, and Goddess Phyllis wanted to throw a great party to celebrate. She had Baby Karen arrange for all of the followers of Goddess Phyllis to attend. This numbered close to sixty people. Soon, this number would expand as Goddess Phyllis will use the internet to spread her message and accept more followers. More on this new venture later. Any good party needs entertainment, and Rebecca was in charge of that. She arranged for a biggest asshole showdown between reigning champ Rhonda and Babe, the former champ. Rebecca wanted me to defend my shit-eating title against the judge and squirting Denise&#8217;s gay son Jack. And opening the evening would be a showing of Ellie and Dawn, filmed just yesterday (see Chapter 29). There would be lots of pussy sucking and ass fucking and a good time will be had by all.

Goddess Phyllis wanted to give a special present to Chemaine (in addition to the several million dollar trust fund that Goddess Phyllis established for her darling). Knowing that Chemaine liked dogs and also had a wild dominant side to her, exceptional for one so young, she had the thought of a human dog. Goddess Phyllis summoned Elly. �Mommy,� said the Goddess, �I want you take Linda and make her into a dog that we can give to Chemaine for her birthday. A nice leash and collar and especially a tail.� Elly smiled. �I&#8217;ll take care of it, Goddess Phyllis. I know exactly what to do.� The Linda mentioned here is none other than the former nurse, now reduced to the lowest of the low, as those of you who have been following this tale know.

Around seven o&#8217;clock, the guests started arriving. All attendees had to leave their clothes in the outer room before making their way into the party area. Normally, I would have been out there, but since I was �performing� tonight, I was allowed to stay in a quiet area and get ready. Soon I was joined by the judge when Elena arrived with her group. Nelly had gone to get her faggot brother and now we were joined by Jack. Peeking out front, I could see that the room was filled. It seemed that everyone had arrived; no one would dare be late to a Goddess Phyllis event.

The crowd thoroughly enjoyed the showing of The Seduction of Dawn and gave Ellie and Dawn a huge ovation. Next was the asshole contest. Rhonda, who had won the title from Babe with a 68 measurement, took the stage, followed by Babe. Rebecca wheeled the computer and anal probe onto the stage (to a great round of applause; the women had great admiration and respect for Rebecca, undoubtedly a leader of the future). Both contestants leaned over the cushioned bar, with their asses facing the crowd. Rebecca inserted the probe into Babe first and called out the numbers. �50, 54. 58, 62, 64, 66�a 66 for Babe!� announced Rebecca. Last time, she has a 62, so this was an improvement. But unless Rhonda had gone down, which is not likely, it wouldn&#8217;t be enough to regain the title. .Rebecca fucked Babe&#8217;s mouth with the probe and had her lick it clean. Now on to Chemaine&#8217;s biological mom Rhonda. �54, 58, 62, 68, 70, 72, 74! Holy shit, a 74 for Rhonda!� The crowd went crazy and even Goddess Phyllis was amazed. A 68 was remarkable but a 74 is truly astounding. Goddess Phyllis took the microphone. �Ladies, we have witnessed a remarkable event tonight. Thanks to constant fucking by Chemaine and everyone, Rhonda is a remarkable 74. A true champion of the asshole. Applaud her!� And the crowd gave Rhonda a huge ovation.

Many of the attendees had donated some shot for the contest on the way in. Goddess Phyllis now ordered a break so that anyone who needed to drop a load at this time could do so. About fifteen women went to the back to crap into the waiting buckets. Goddess Phyllis had Black Dawn (to differentiate her from Ellie&#8217;s Dawn) weigh out the shit into three even amounts. It worked out to four five-pound platefuls each. Not a problem for me. I had done as many as seven last time, so I felt confident as I took the stage along with the judge and Jack. I bowed to Goddess Phyllis (got a wink from her which caused my cock to rise to attention) and kneeled down in front of the waiting turd. The judge was in the middle and the teary eyed Jack was on the right of the judge. �Ladies,� called out Goddess Phyllis, �usual rules apply. The first one to eat all the shit wins. As usually happens, one or both of the challengers may be unable to finish, in which case they automatically lose. Ready, go!� I begin eating the shit at a rapid but controlled pace. I see the judge is keeping up with me; I wonder what Elena had promised him if he wins, or, if he loses. Jack is lagging behind right from the start and does not look like he will be any competition. I finish bowl one and go on to bowl two about five seconds before the judge. Bowl two is going down nicely and I continue to move ahead of the judge. I finish bowl two as Jack finishes bowl one and the judge is about two-thirds through bowl two. I break for my glass of piss, which I drink all of as you know how important it is to drink some fluids while eating shit if you&#8217;ve read about the prior contests. I&#8217;m on bowl three when Jack goes face first into his bowl two. I knew he wouldn&#8217;t make it. Jack&#8217;s two untouched bowls are moved to the side as it is now down to two. I finish bowl three and move right to the last one, bowl four. The judge has wisely drunk all of his piss and is working on bowl three. Too little, too late. I finish bowl four, and Black Dawn yells out, �We have a winner. Shit boy has retained the title!� The crowd rises in a standing ovation as Goddess Phyllis approaches. �Shit boy, I am proud of you. As partial reward for winning, you may eat the remaining three bowls of shit.� Goddess Phyllis patted me on the head and I proceeded to devour the extra three bowls. The touch of Goddess Phyllis was all I needed to complete. �Elena,� calls out Goddess Phyllis, �come up here and take your loser of a husband out of here. And Denise, you and the girls, please remove the little faggot. Ailan, Nelly and Denise join Elena on the stage to remove the losers. Once again, I retain the title of the best shit eater in the world. I do it for love; I do it for Goddess Phyllis.

Next: Nurse Linda becomes Dog Linda










Chapter 31 &#8211; Dog Linda

While the competitions were going on, Elly was busy in a side room wit former nurse Linda. You may recall from Chapter 27 that Linda lost favor with Goddess Phyllis due to her inability to be able to make the Goddess squirt like Denise. Goddess Phyllis had Elly put a bad beating on her followed by having to eat my shit (what could be lower than that) and some anal destruction. Linda was a shell of her former self, and was now about to go even lower by be humiliated badly in front of everyone, all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s followers. Elly had a diamond-studded collar that she put around Linda&#8217;s neck with a nice leash attached to it. Elly glued some knee pads to Linda&#8217;s knees since she would have to remain on all fours for who knows how long. The best part was the tail. Elly had taken the hugest dildo around, the 18 inch monster, and inserted about a dozen of those inches inside Linda&#8217;s rectum. To the outer part, Elly attached some nice feathers, making a rather pretty tail. Elly fluffed Linda&#8217;s short hair, but decided that since she was a dog, she might look good with some hair shaved. So Elly got her buzzer and gave Linda a Mohawk. Nice. Elly led Linda to a mirror so that she could see herself. When she looked in the mirror, Linda could not help but cry, which is just the reaction that Elly wanted. There was one more little surprise before going on stage. Elly opened the door and called in a special guest, Linda&#8217;s daughter Lindsay. Lindsay was 17 and knew her mother was a lesbian; they had made love several times after Linda became a follower of Goddess Phyllis and was told to seduce her daughter. Before that, Linda had been a dominatrix. Lindsay knew of that even though Linda thought she kept it secret. That made it more of a surprise to see her mother like this. To be reduced to a dog was humiliating. �Mom,� said Lindsay, �look at you. You are a dog?� Elly laughed. �Lindsay,� said Elly, �that&#8217;s a put-down of all dogs. Your mother is lower than a dog.� �You&#8217;re right, Elly,� said Lindsay. Elly smiled. The degradation continues. �Lindsay, you&#8217;ve been saving your pee, haven&#8217;t you? asks Elly. �Yes, I have to go really bad,� replied the young girl. �Dog, open your mouth!� yells Elly at the Dog. Dog Linda opens her mouth and Lindsay lines her pussy up with her mother&#8217;s mouth. She lets loose her stream and while Linda drinks most of it, there is so much that some of it roles down her chin. This brings a hard slap from Elly. �Elly, may I slap her, too? asks Lindsay. �Only if you do it hard,� replies Elly. Whap. Lindsay delivers a vicious slap to her mother&#8217;s face. It felt good, so she gave mom another. �Bark, bitch!� commands Elly. �Ruff, ruff,� says Dog Linda.&nbsp; As a final touch, Elly puts on the dog a little nose and whiskers type mask, the type kids sometimes wear on Halloween. Yes, she is ready.

Now that the stage was cleared of the shit-eaters, Goddess Phyllis walked on and the crowd immediately became quiet. �Ladies, let me bring the birthday girl up. Chemaine, come here baby.� Chemaine walked over to her (adopted) mother and goddess to the thunderous applause of the crowd. Chemaine gave them a wave and put her hands under her 38 triple D&#8217;s and shook them, bringing more adoration from Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls. Goddess Phyllis spoke again. �I know that Chemaine wanted a dog when she was little, but Rhonda was allergic. But I have a special present for you, Chemaine, one that I hope gives you many hours of pleasure. Mommy, bring out the present!� 

Elly walked out on stage with Dog Linda on her leash and that lovely tail sticking out of her ass and the little mask over her nose with the painted on whiskers. The crowd began howling with laughter. �Ladies, please,� said Goddess Phyllis, we don&#8217;t want to scare the doggy. Chemaine, I present to you your fifteenth birthday present, Dog Linda!� Chemaine grinned ear to ear and hugged Goddess Phyllis. �Thank you so much, Goddess Phyllis, this is the most fantastic present anyone could have,� said the little big-titted beauty. Elly handed Chemaine the leash. Chemaine walked around Dog Linda and gave the tail a little shake. �Nice doggy,� said Chemaine. Elly gave Chemaine a bag of real dog treats. �Here, Chemaine, have her sit up and beg and watch her eat her treat.� Chemaine looked at the former nurse. She took a treat out of the bag and said, �Beg, Dog Linda, on your back legs and beg.� Dog Linda lifted herself up and out her arms in front of her in a begging mannerism. She emitted some whimpering type noises. �Good doggy,� said Chemaine as she gave the dog a treat. As Dog Linda ate the dog treat (it was easy to eat dog biscuits after eating shit), Chemaine walked her around stage like a proud owner of a new pet should. �Time to pee, Dog Linda,� said Chemaine. Being a fast learner and fearful of another beating, Dog Linda got back on all fours, lifted her right leg up in the air, and began peeing doggy style. �Good dog,� said Chemaine as the crowd was laughing hysterically. �Now, lick it up,� commanded the little queen. Dog Linda licked up her own pee, earning a �good doggy� from her owner.

Chemaine took out her very wide dildo and attached it to her strap-on harness. �Goddess Phyllis, is it ok if I fuck my doggy?� asked Chemaine. �Why, Chemaine, that is a great idea. You&#8217;ll have to take her tail out first,� said Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine slowly pulled the 18 inch dildo tail out of Dog Linda&#8217;s ass and, after a moment&#8217;s thought, put it in Dog Linda&#8217;s mouth. �Hold onto this until I&#8217;m done fucking your ass,� said Chemaine. �And, do not drop it.� Chemaine led the dog up on a little platform so that she would be at just the right height and stepped into her harness, tightening it nicely so that the little button on the inside would be rubbing nicely on the little button called her clit. Feeling no need to use any kind of lube on a dog, Chemaine lined the head of the ersatz cock against dog Linda&#8217;s distended anal opening and plunged forward. �Howl, dog,� yelled Chemaine as she began pumping in and out. �Ah ooo, ah ooo,� howled Dog Linda. Chemaine pumped even faster. �Louder,� she ordered. Dog Linda howled even louder. Everyone was entranced with the way Chemaine&#8217;s magnificent tits flopped up and down as she fucked her doggy. �Ladies,� yelled Goddess Phyllis. �Anyone who wants to masturbate while watching this beautiful sight and especially those beautiful tits, go right ahead!� Almost immediately, every one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s followers began rubbing their pussies. Some were coming almost immediately, they were so hot. Chemaine gave one final plunge and, with the dildo buried in doggy&#8217;s ass, began moving her body up and down so that she was getting maximum friction against her clit. This brought her to a wonderful orgasm as Goddess Phyllis came up behind her and cupped the gorgeous �twins�. 

�Goddess Phyllis,� said Chemaine, �I&#8217;d like to share my wonderful doggy with everyone. How about if everyone gets a chance to fuck Dog Linda.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Excellent idea, honey child.� Turning to the crowd, the Goddess said �Girls, you&#8217;re all welcome to fuck Dog Linda. If you want to, raise your hand.� Almost immediately, everyone&#8217;s hand went up. �Ok,� said Goddess Phyllis, expecting this. �Line up ten at a time.� Chemaine looked at her dog. Dog Linda had a sort of sheepish look about her. It appeared that she had adapted already to her new life as a dog and was probably looking forward to getting another hours long fucking like the one she got a few days ago at the hands of Elly. Ruff, ruff. 










Chapter 32 &#8211; Cock Teasing

Chemaine&#8217;s fifteenth birthday continued on from Saturday evening into Sunday morning. By 10am, Goddess Phyllis had everyone clear out. Dog Linda had been fucked non-stop for eleven consecutive hours and her hole was now huge. Goddess Phyllis would not allow it to be measured, however, as she was a dog and measuring assholes was only for humans. �I want some sleep,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Bec, Chemaine, come to bed with me. Shit boy, take the dog into your room and let her rest. Give her something to eat, too. There are some cans of dog food in the kitchen.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis. Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� I said as I attached the leash to Dog Linda&#8217;s collar and walked her out of the room.

After picking up the food, we headed to the holding room near Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s chamber, the room where I waited to be summoned to be a traveling toilet to the Goddess or one of her mistresses. I put the food in a dish and, as per Chemaine&#8217;s instructions, poured a bottle full of Chemaine&#8217;s piss into the water bowl. Dog Linda was so hungry that she dived into the food dish and was really putting it away. I marveled at how truly doglike she had become. Pausing a bit to catch her breath, the doggy then began lapping up the piss, using only her tongue. �Good doggy,� I said. Dog Linda looked up at me and went �Woof, Woof.�&nbsp; Patted her head and she rose up and licked me on my cheek. This took me by surprise, but she was an affectionate doggy. I wasn&#8217;t ready for how affectionate she was, though, as she went from my cheek to my cock. Dog Linda took my whole cock in her mouth and began sucking it like it was a piece of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s shit. Pausing only long enough to run her tongue up the shaft of my throbbing cock, Dog Linda was sucking me silly. Making things worse was the fact that Goddess Phyllis had not allowed me to come for several days now. But I knew that if I came without permission, I would likely be subject to the whip, and I did not want to ever experience that again. I began focusing on the memory of the pain of the whipping while telling the doggy to stop. �Stop, Dog Linda,� I said as I pulled her head away from my cock. Dog Linda whimpered a bit but went back to lapping up Chemaine&#8217;s piss and finishing her dog food.

I did not know, of course, that Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca were watching the proceedings on the closed circuit televisions that allowed Goddess Phyllis to monitor the goings on in all parts of the house. The trio enjoyed watching me squirm and commented on how well Goddess Phyllis had trained me. �I have an idea,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Let&#8217;s see how much Shit boy can really stand. Think he can withstand coming if Becca is sucking his cock while Chemaine has the twins wrapped around his head?� Chemaine and Rebecca giggled. �What if he can&#8217;t hold out?� asked Rebecca. �Then it will likely be time to get out the whip.� Goddess Phyllis switched on the intercom and said �Shit boy, get in here.�

It was always exciting to be summoned to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s chamber as it usually meant that someone needed to pee or poop and I would get to ingest it, but this time was different. I sat on a chair with the bottom removed, giving access to the ass of whoever was sitting in it. Chemaine walked over to me and pulled my head between those magnificent tits of hers. She allowed me to lick her cleavage as she rubbed the twins against my face. �Shit boy,� said Goddess Phyllis, �I want to see if you can withstand coming while Chemaine smothers you with the twins and Rebecca sucks your cock.� I gulped. I was throbbing already from days of not coming, amplified by what Dog Linda had just done to me and now the world&#8217;s best tits rubbing on my head. I could only imagine what Rebecca&#8217;s mouth could do to my cock. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� I said as I had to say something in response to being addressed by Her. Rebecca gave me that wicked smile of hers as she got on her knees and licked the shaft of my cock from bottom to top, and then took all of me in her mouth. Becca bit down on the bottom of my cock and, keeping her teeth tight against the throbbing member, slowly rose up, creating the most mind blowing feeling that brought me to the brink of coming. It was only my memories of the whipping from last time I came without permission that prevented me from coming this very instant. Rebecca slurped around the head of my cock and licked it some more. Chemaine took her left nipple and stuck it in my mouth. I sucked it with much gusto. It was amazing, not just a tit but a firm, light brown mass of beauty. We repeated this with the right tit. Chemaine was much too big to get both nipples in my mouth at the same time. Rebecca took a dildo out of a nearby draw and rammed it up my ass and went back to sucking me.

Goddess Phyllis was watching the goings on and was pleased. She didn&#8217;t know if I could withstand this double assault, but I was some how able to. The whipping had been that painful, plus Goddess Phyllis was so much in control of my mind, that I held out. �Ok babies, stop now,� said the Goddess to her daughters (Goddess Phyllis had legally adopted both Rebecca and Chemaine and was actually planning to marry the both of them, simultaneously, in the near future). Goddess Phyllis walked over to me. �You did well, Shit boy,� said Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis inserted a finger in her magnificent pussy and then placed it under my nose. Ah, the aroma of Goddess Phyllis, the best in the world. She put the finger in my mouth and I sucked it like a baby. I knew what was coming next and was not disappointed. Goddess Phyllis inserted the same finger in her ass, kept it there for a few seconds, and withdrew it. She let me smell it. It was divine. As beads of sweat broke out on my forehead and I grabbed the arms of the chair, Goddess Phyllis inserted the finger in my mouth. I could taste her ass and got a little taste of some goddess shit. Finally, the words I was waiting for. �Come, shit boy!� Looking at my goddess, I put my hands in front of my cock and began coming. I came more than I had in years, creating a nice puddle in my hands. It felt tremendous, and when Goddess Phyllis ordered me to slurp up my come, I was in heaven. It was for moments like this, moments when my total submission to Goddess Phyllis was demonstrated, that I lived for. 











Chapter 33 &#8211; Dog and Daughter

While Dog Linda, who has been a dog for almost a week now, has been living in the domain of Goddess Phyllis, her 14 year old daughter Lindsay was enjoying living at home alone, although she wasn&#8217;t usually alone. Many of her girl friends were into some light lesbian action and Lindsay turned many into more serious, real lesbians. Lindsay was cute, long brown hair, nice tits, not too big or small, a pretty hairless, cunt and a great mouth for sucking pussy, courtesy of her prior relationships with her mom. Lindsay also had become very close with her mom&#8217;s former submissive, Irma. Irma was a chunky Hispanic lady in her fifties who had moved next door several years ago. Irma&#8217;s natural submissive tendencies meshed well with Linda&#8217;s dominant nature and soon they were seeing each other daily. Linda enjoyed using a large hand-held dildo on Irma while Irma would be on Linda&#8217;s lap. Linda fucked Irma&#8217;s ass incessantly and would then have Irma suck her pussy. Those were the main activities and what Linda loved best. Now, however, Lindsay was in charge, and Lindsay enjoyed the strap-on, having discovered its pleasures that wonderful night at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s party for Chemaine. Lindsay would fuck Irma for as long as she could, working up a good sweat. She considered it like a workout. After getting Irma&#8217;s ass nice and distended, Lindsay would punch fuck that hole just like Chemaine had taught her. The feeling of power and authority doing that gave her was exhilarating, and who gave a fuck if it hurt Irma like hell. The bitch enjoyed it. The festivities would always be finished off with a nice pussy licking of Lindsay&#8217;s young cunt.

One night after Irma left to go home and nurse her wounds, the phone rang. It was Rebecca, Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s daughter and soon-to-be wife, calling. �Lindsay, what are you doing?� asked Rebecca. �Nothing, Mistress Rebecca,� said Lindsay, mindful of her manners and careful to show the proper respect. �I just got finished with my mother&#8217;s former subby who has become my fuck toy.� Rebecca was smiling on the other end of the line. She liked to hear young girls talk with such an authoritarian tone, not to mention the thought of Linda having a sub, considering her current status of dog. �Lindsay, Goddess Phyllis wants you to come over. Now.� Lindsay&#8217;s heart began racing. �Thank you, Mistress Rebecca. I will be right over.� Rebecca hung up and Lindsay quickly took a look at herself. She looked fine. She grabbed the keys to her mother&#8217;s car and headed out. So what if she didn&#8217;t have a license. Lindsay knew how to drive, and she dare not keep the Goddess waiting.

Back at the mansion, Goddess Phyllis was playing with Dog Linda, sticking a rawhide bone in Linda&#8217;s mouth and then pulling on it while Dog Linda tried to hold on to it. Chemaine was enjoying watching while gently rubbing her clit. Becca came back and told Goddess Phyllis that �the daughter� was on her way. Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Dog Linda, look at me!� Dog Linda lifted her head up and looked at the Goddess. �Lindsay is on her way over. Won&#8217;t you be glad to see her?� Dog Linda flushed. This would not be the first time that Lindsay had seen her in her dog-like condition. She was there the night that Elly converted her into a dog. But it was still her daughter and she would have preferred that Lindsay not see her like this. But who cares what a dog prefers? �Woof, woof,� said Dog Linda, nodding her head up and down. �And would you like to have your ass fucked by her, Doggy Linda?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Woof woof,� barked Dog Linda, again nodding affirmatively.&nbsp; She actually was looking forward to another ass fucking. Apparently, eleven consecutive hours of anal fun only left her wanting more.

The doorbell rang and I crawled over to answer it. It was Lindsay. �Hi shit boy,� said the precocious teenager. �Hi Lindsay,� I said. I did not have to call her Mistress, at least not yet. �Goddess Phyllis is waiting for you.� Lindsay took off her jeans and top. She was braless and wearing a tiny thong, which soon came off. I led her into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s chamber. �Lindsay, good to see you,� said Goddess Phyllis. Lindsay went to her knees. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis, it is an honor to be summoned by you.� �Yes, it is,� agreed the Goddess. �Dog Linda, go say hello to Lindsay.� �Woof,� said the dog as she hurried over on all fours. Dog Linda was a big dog, a three hundred pound dog, but she moved quickly. She went over to her daughter and barked. �Hi, mommy doggy,� said Lindsay, causing some chuckles from Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca. �Woof,� replied the dog. Lindsay lifted her tit and said, �Doggy up. C&#8217;mon, on your back legs.� Dog Linda got up on her hindquarters and put her arms in a begging position. Lindsay bent down a bit so that her doggy mommy could suck her tit. �Ah, that feels nice, doggy mommy. Goddess Phyllis, can I have her lick my pussy,� asked Lindsay. Goddess Phyllis was pleased at the immediate dominance of Lindsay over her mother. �First, the dog should lick you ass, Lindsay,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� said Lindsay as she bent over and spread her ass cheeks. �Lick your daughter&#8217;s hole,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. Dog Linda buried her face in her daughter&#8217;s ass and sucked her delicious, young hole. Goddess Phyllis let this go on for ten minutes or so. �Lindsay, you know how to use a strap-on, don&#8217;t you?� asked the Goddess. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied Lindsay. �Chemaine showed me and I&#8217;ve become good at it, practicing on Irma, my doggy mommy&#8217;s former sub who has become my sub now.� �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Becca, get Lindsay a harness and a monster dildo.�

As Rebecca was getting the strap-on, Goddess Phyllis instructed Lindsay to remove the dog&#8217;s tail. Dog Linda&#8217;s tail was a huge eighteen inch dildo that remained buried in her ass at all times. The dildo had some nice feathers on the end. Lindsay started pulling the tail out, very slowly, marveling at the massive length of it. She finally got it all out and held it in both hands, admiring its length and girth. �Dog Linda, you know what to do with your tail when it&#8217;s not in your ass, don&#8217;t you?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Woof,� replied Dog Linda. �Lindsay, put about ten inches of that monster in your dog mommy&#8217;s mouth,� said Goddess Phyllis as Rebecca returned with the harness and what looked like a baseball bat but was really a huge dildo. Lindsay began pushing the tail dildo into her doggy mommy&#8217;s mouth and down her throat. Dog Linda bit down on it to get a good grip. She knew not to let it fall to the ground as that would incur the wrath of Goddess Phyllis. Becca assisted Lindsay with the harness and monstrous dildo that was now attached to it. She looked really cute with this on. �Dog Linda,� said Goddess Phyllis, �look how pretty your daughter looks.� �Woof,� said Dog Linda, thinking that her daughter did indeed look spectacular. Lindsay came around behind her doggy mother and looked at her mother&#8217;s asshole. It was huge! Lindsay&#8217;s fist could go in with no resistance. No wonder this dildo was so big. It had to be to have any effect. 

Lindsay put a little lube on the end and inserted the dildo into Chemaine&#8217;s dog&#8217;s ass. Lindsay pushed and pushed until the monster was buried to the hilt in Dog Linda&#8217;s ass. She pulled it out and pushed it back in, first only a few inches at a time and then more and more until she was utilizing the entire length of the dildo. And she was moving at a rapid pace also. She had been practicing, that was obvious. Dog Linda was emitting little yelping noises, very quietly, but otherwise the only sound you could hear was the sound of that monstrously large dildo going in and out of that big, fat ass. After about fifteen minutes of this good fucking, Goddess Phyllis sent Chemaine over to finish off Linda. After all, she was Chemaine&#8217;s dog. Chemaine reached between her dog&#8217;s legs and found Dog Linda&#8217;s clit. A few squeezes had Dog Linda coming like a bastard, quivering and shaking all over. Lindsay continued the fucking until Goddess Phyllis ordered her to stop. �Lindsay, nice. Take off the harness so that your mommy can suck that hot pussy of yours.� Lindsay removed the harness and sat on the nice plush easy chair, her legs spread over the arms of the chair. �Here mommy doggy,� said Lindsay. Dog Linda, aka mommy doggy, crawled over to he daughter so that she could remove the tail from her mouth. Lindsay placed it on the floor and doggy Linda began sucking her pussy. She sucked it like she had never sucked before, using every bit if knowledge she had acquired over the time she had been in the world of Goddess Phyllis. Soon, Lindsay was having a series of good orgasms, her legs wrapped around doggy Linda&#8217;s head, until she finally had enough. Pushing the dog&#8217;s head away from her cunt, Lindsay looked at her mother, with her crew-cut head and dildo tail. She sneered at her. �Doggy mommy, you suck pussy really nice. Other than that, you should take a good look at yourself and see what a dog you have become. Never again will I call you mom or mommy. It is doggy mommy from now on, forever!� Dog Linda looked at her daughter and barked.











Chapter 34 &#8211; Two Fingers

Goddess Phyllis, always looking for some new fun, implemented an idea She had been thinking about for a while. All of her girls, all of her followers and disciples, have been forbidden to insert anything other than a tongue in their cunts. Licking, biting and squeezing clits was, of course, fine, but insertion was not. That is what assholes are for. As She was contemplating, Goddess Phyllis inserted her middle finger in her glorious hole. Wow, it felt good. Goddess Phyllis clenched her vaginal muscles around her finger and wiggled it about. Chemaine was watching. �Mommy, what are you doing?� she asked. �Baby, I&#8217;m going to allow some limited vaginal insertion. I&#8217;ve been thinking about it for a while, and I feel it fits in with my golden rule. Yes, pussies are for sucking and assholes are for fucking, but a maximum of two fingers is not a fucking. We&#8217;ll start with the middle finger and work our way up to two, the middle and ring finger.� Goddess Phyllis smiled and waited for a reaction.

Rebecca spoke first. �Mommy, that is phenomenal. A fantastic idea. How will we implement it?� Goddess Phyllis smiled at her older daughter. Rebecca was ever the technician, the planner. �Well, darling,� said Goddess Phyllis, �at first it will be me using the finger on you and you gorgeous sister.� This drew a big smile from Chemaine. She loved being referred to as Rebecca&#8217;s sister almost as much as Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s daughter. Almost. �Then,� continued Goddess Phyllis, �you babies will use the finger, still only one, on my cunts-in-waiting. After that, possibly, we&#8217;ll use the cunts to use their finger on the rest of my acolytes. Let&#8217;s start now.�

Rebecca and Chemaine lay down next to each other on the enormous, plush bed of Goddess Phyllis. Ah, it was really their bed, too, as they were there every night. Goddess Phyllis kneeled between them, actually straddling Rebecca&#8217;s left leg and Chemaine&#8217;s right leg. She inserted her left middle finger into Rebecca&#8217;s vagina and did the same with her right middle finger in Chemaine&#8217;s sweet young pussy. Goddess Phyllis had long, elegant fingers and, once inserted, wiggled them gently around. Rebecca was moaning with pleasure and looking at Chemaine. Chemaine had her eyes closed and was softly cooing. �Girls, look at me,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. The two adopted sisters and daughters of Goddess Phyllis looked at their master. �Squeeze your cunt muscles around my finger.� The babies (well, Becca was twenty-two and Chemaine fifteen, but they were babies when with their mommy) did exactly that, and Goddess Phyllis could feel their level of wetness increase. �I want you both to come when I tell you,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said the two writhing beauties. Their hot pussies squeezed against Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s finger and their sweet cunts were oh of, so wet. �Come babies,� whispered Goddess Phyllis. Both Chemaine and Rebecca began having wonderful, powerful orgasms. These were different from their prior orgasms. Rebecca remembered vaginal orgasms from her pre-Goddess Phyllis life, but Chemaine never really experienced anything other than clitoral or anal orgasms. Chemaine loved the feeling and was having a wonderful, long orgasm. As the girls slowed down, Goddess Phyllis withdrew her fingers and began sucking them, one at a time so as not to mix-up the two different but equally wonderful flavors. �You babies are delicious,� said Goddess Phyllis, slurping her lips. Both girls smiled. Chemaine opened her eyes and looked at Goddess Phyllis. �Mommy, that was incredible.� �Chemaine baby, that was a vaginal orgasm, your first. I&#8217;m going to work it into our fun and games,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s plan was for Rebecca and Chemaine to use their middle fingers on the cunts-in-waiting. The girls will love feeling a finger in them, and even more so if the finger is connected to one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s personal darlings. Rebecca and Chemaine headed over to the lair of the cunts-in-waiting while Goddess Phyllis called Little Miss Perfect Ass, Angel, to inform her of what was coming. Goddess Phyllis would watch it on the TV; every area of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s palace was wired with video cams so that everyone and everything under Goddess Phyllis could be monitored. The beauties entered the lavish living area of the c-i-w&#8217;s and were greeted with many hugs and kisses. All of the cunts were anxious. Angel, KathyJ, Sarah, Ailan, Nelly, Denise, Evelyn and Marilyn. Ranging in age from 28 to 56, they were all waiting and ready. Chemaine was to start with Angel, KathyJ and Sarah. Rebecca would do Ailan, Nelly and Marilyn. Evelyn would have to wait, and Denise, who, as you may recall was an amazing squirter, would get special attention as she had borne three children years ago, two of whom are Ailan and Nelly. 

Chemaine began with Angel. Lying in bed, Chemaine kissed Angel&#8217;s perky tits and rubbed her middle finger all around Angel&#8217;s wet pussy. Slowly, Chemaine inserted the finger and moved it around. �Clench your cunt muscles around my finger, Angel,� said the precocious teenager. Angel did and quickly had a beautiful orgasm, finished with Chemaine licking her clit. Next, Chemaine moved on to KathyJ and did the same activities with the same results. On to Sarah. The white girl who loved black women. As soon as Chemaine inserted her finger into Sarah&#8217;s hole, she noticed that it went in much easier than with the preceding two. Angel and KathyJ both felt tight, but Sarah wasn&#8217;t. Chemaine wondered why as she repeated the same procedure. Sarah was more animated then the preceding two and was gyrating her hips around the finger. Chemaine pinched her clit and Sarah came with a yelp.

Rebecca did Ailan and Nelly at the same time. The sisters lay in bed passionately kissing as Rebecca finger-fucked them. These two never had problems coming and were soon doing just that. Rebecca decided that Evelyn need not wait and she did Evelyn and Marilyn at the same time also. The hot Latinas with their big tits and excellent asses loved the insertion and the way Rebecca used her finger. They had nice orgasms as they sucked each other&#8217;s tongues.

Before going over to work on Denise, Chemaine told Rebecca about what she noticed with Sarah, who the larger hole than the others. Becca went to Sarah and inserted the finger and could tell that this hole was indeed bigger than the others. �Sarah, answer truthfully, have you been putting anything in your pussy?� Becca asked sternly. Sarah gulped. �Mistress Rebecca, I was high last night and use three fingers to fuck myself.� With that, Sarah burst into tears. Chemaine and Rebecca looked at each other. They knew that Goddess Phyllis was watching and that she would be pissed off. �With all this beautiful cunt here, you couldn&#8217;t find someone to suck you?� asked Rebecca. �I was high,� wept Sarah. Becca looked at the other girls. Angel looked surprised and bemused, but KathyJ looked nervous. Rebecca noticed this. �Kathy, do you know anything about this?� Rebecca asked. KathyJ burst into tears. �Mistress Rebecca, I was with Sarah that night. I told her not to do it, but she didn&#8217;t listen.� �Rebecca, shouldn&#8217;t KathyJ have said something to us? asked Chemaine. �Yes, she should,� replied Rebecca. We will bring both of these girls to Goddess Phyllis and see what the Goddess wants to do about this transgression.�

Next: The Punishment










Chapter 35 &#8211; The Punishment

Goddess Phyllis was pissed. The golden rule had been violated: pussies are for sucking, asses are for fucking. Three fingers in the pussy counts as a fucking, and Sarah would indeed feel pain for this. So would KathyJ for not coming forward with the information. Goddess Phyllis was contemplating the punishment. When Geena D, Babe&#8217;s girlfriend and a candidate to take over Babe&#8217;s group with her dynamic body and excellence with the strap-on to go along with her strong attitude, had committed a worse transgression, that of allowing a real cock to violate her cunt, Goddess Phyllis had her severely whipped. That was followed by a change in her relationship with big Babe. At Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s directive, a loving relationship became one of total submission, where Geena became an object of ridicule and emotional abuse as well as being a toilet for Babe and all of her group (Bliss (powerful black strap-on master), Patricia (huge asshole), Jojo (an old school dominant), Clare (Jojo&#8217;s slave), Rochelle (a huge black woman), FatAngel (a huge white woman), Peggy (older and mother of Jennifer) and former assmaster Jennifer. Geena ate all of their shit and piss for a good month before Goddess Phyllis allowed Babe to go back to her former loving relationship with Geena.

Goddess Phyllis decided that KathyJ would receive a good, hard whipping from mommy. Elly was a master with the whip and she would give KJ something to remember. Now for Sarah. Goddess Phyllis was going to use Claws and Daggers on her. This was a Goddess Phyllis invention that came about just hanging out and talking with Rebecca and Chemaine. The claws were a glove-like implement that had sharp blades coming out of each of the ten �fingers.� The daggers were, well, daggers that cold be plunged into an area of the body that did not have any vital organs. Goddess Phyllis would administer this herself, along with her babies, Becca and Chemaine. The group leaders (Babe, Ellie, Dottie, Elena) and the other cunts-in-waiting would be the audience.

When the girls assembled in the punishment room, the two victims were already prepared. Both were hanging from chains suspended from the ceiling, arms straight over their heads and their feet chained to the floor, at a wide angle to expose the cunt area. It wasn&#8217;t actually the floor but rather a pedestal that could rotate, along with the ceiling part, so that the front and back of the bad girls could be dealt with. Rebecca attached ball gags to both KJ and Sarah. They would need them. Elly stepped forward with her bullwhip, her powerful body glistening with sweat from her warm-up. Goddess Phyllis looked at her mommy with love in her eyes. �Mommy,� said Goddess Phyllis, �teach this girl a lesson.� With that, Elly let her whip come crashing on KathyJ&#8217;s back, leaving a diagonal lash that extended from the right shoulder to the left part of the waist. This was followed in rapid succession by four more in the same diagonal manner. KJ was writhing in pain as Elly reined down five more blows going from left to right. When she was finished, KathyJ&#8217;s back looked the criss-cross cherry pie that my back had once resembled. Elly spun KJ around so that her front was now facing the whip mistress. Elly switched to a smaller whip and proceeded to whip KJ&#8217;s tits. Finishing up, Elly gave KJ a couple of good slashed to the vaginal area. When she was finished, KathyJ was hanging limply, covered with blood and barely conscious. When Elly took a container of pee and poured it over KathyJ, the poor girl mercifully passed out.

Sarah had been watching this with bulging eyes. Goddess Phyllis smiled at her. �Don&#8217;t look so scared, Sarah. You&#8217;re not getting the whip.� Sarah was still scared as she knew that whatever she got had to be worse than what just befell her friend. The feeling was more than justified when Rebecca pulled back a cover to reveal the Claws and Dagger. Goddess Phyllis put the claws on and moved the fingers with the three inch blades on the end. Sarah eyes were totally bugged out with fright. Goddess Phyllis very calmly touched Sarah&#8217;s face with the cold steel, very gently. Goddess Phyllis put the claws below each of Sarah&#8217;s shoulders and dug them in. Sarah&#8217;s muffled moans intensified as Goddess Phyllis ran her hands down Sarah&#8217;s chest, stopping at her tits. The streams of blood were running down Sarah&#8217;s body. Goddess Phyllis spun her around and did the same to her back. The claws caused more bleeding than a whipping did and Goddess Phyllis was cognizant of this fact; she did not want to kill Sarah, just torture her. �Chemaine, pick up a dagger. You too Becca,� said Goddess Phyllis. Her babies did this and walked over to their mommy and soon to be wife. �Babies, insert a dagger into Sarah&#8217;s legs, right here and here,� said Goddess Phyllis, pointing to areas on Sarah&#8217;s thighs that were meaty and where any major arteries could be avoided. Rebecca inserted hers first. Sarah was heaving in pain. One could only imagine what the screams would be like if she didn&#8217;t have the gag on. Chemaine inserted her dagger into the other thigh. �Girls, take these claws and run them down the inside of Sarah&#8217;s thighs. Goddess Phyllis handed each of her darlings one of the claws and the babies drew deep furrows down Sarah&#8217;s thighs as ordered by the Goddess. Sarah was becoming faint from blood loss. Goddess Phyllis had her released from the ceiling and foot clamps so that Sarah was prone. This was a perfect position for Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine to urinate on Sarah&#8217;s wounds. As Sarah passed out, Goddess Phyllis was making kissing sounds to her two girls. They were so lovely when they were inflicting pain. She loved them so much.

I had to clean up the mess, of course. Dog Linda, who had been a nurse at one time, was allowed to treat the wounds of the bloody girls. The doggy had not used her hands in so long that she ached as she cleansed and dressed the wounds and gave the girls antibiotics and some pain killers. Both were wrapped in the aloe jackets that helped speed the healing process. Goddess Phyllis came over to them. �KathyJ, your punishment is over. Sarah, yours is not. Babe, come here.� Babe got up, all three hundred and forty pounds of her and her massive 58DDD tits, and walked over to her goddess. �Babe, I am going to have Sarah spend some time with you. I want you to distend her asshole and teach her what it is like to be a toilet. It worked well with Geena and should work as well or better with this girl. While you are working on this, I will take Geena with me and have her teach my cunts-in-waiting what happens when the Goddess is displeased. You will have Geena over in one hour.� Babe repeated the words that all of them said many times for many reasons: �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� 

The cunts-in-waiting were surprised to hear that Geena would be teaching them a lesson. After all, Geena had committed one grave transgression, and besides the punishment mentioned at the beginning of this chapter, Geena was forced to watch as the owner of the real cock, a nice black man, had his shlong bit off by Ellie M and bled to death all over Geena, a long, slow, painful death that Geena never forgot. But Geena had comeback from this to reestablish her reputation as a sexual force. And few could fuck an ass better than Geena.

Next: Life with Babe and Geena










Chapter 36 &#8211; Babe gets Sarah

I opened the door for Babe and Geena as they came over as ordered by Goddess Phyllis. My cock immediately got rock hard. Babe with her huge body and 58DDD tits and that perpetual sneer was a sight to behold. I&#8217;ll never forget how she double fist-fucked me on one of the first days of my servitude to Goddess Phyllis. Next to Babe was the gorgeous former porn star, Geena. Geena, 38DDDD, with large hips and a tantalizing ass, had been totally devoted to Babe ever since her punishment. Although her natural preference was to be dominant, it wasn&#8217;t hard to be submissive to Babe; after all, she was so big and strong. The relationship between these two had evolved from one of master-slave to just about equals. And as She has done before, Goddess Phyllis takes what she wants, and now Goddess Phyllis wanted Geena.

�Geena, you are going to spend some time with me as the temporary leader of my cunts-in-waiting. You&#8217;ll be fucking their lovely asses, and I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;ll want to lick what you fuck. But, for the first three days, no orgasms None for you, none for the cunts. You&#8217;ll be hot out of your minds, but that makes for nice orgasms, don&#8217;t you think?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied Geena. Geena was already wet; I could see the inside of her thighs were glistening with her juice. No doubt that Goddess Phyllis noticed this also, as She sees all. 

Sarah came out, looking rather tired and limp. That&#8217;s what happens when one is subjected to the Claw and Daggers, a most painful punishment. �Sarah,� said Goddess Phyllis, �you&#8217;ll spend some time with Babe now while Geena stays with us. Too bad that you&#8217;ll miss being with Geena, we all now what a crush you have on her. Now go.� Sarah looked a bit dazed as Babe took her arm. �Come, Sarah,� said Babe, �I have a fist or two that hanker to be in your ass.� 

Babe brought Sarah to her lair. The rest of Babe&#8217;s girls were in the back rooms. Babe would have them meet Sarah in a little while. For now, she has work to do on Sarah&#8217;s ass. Babe had Sarah sit down on the couch and sat herself down on her left. Babe put her arms around Sarah and gave her a smoldering kiss. Despite her weariness, Sarah couldn&#8217;t help but get aroused. Babe&#8217;s left hand began wandering toward Sarah&#8217;s ass. She cupped the nice globes of this ass and then, in fairy rapid succession, inserted first one, then two, three and four fingers into Sarah&#8217;s ass. Babe was working the fingers, moving them in and out and around, loosening up the anus so that it could accept more. Babe&#8217;s thumb joined the others, and Sarah was getting a nice open handed fist fuck. As Babe stretched Sarah with one hand, her right hand was holding Sarah&#8217;s mouth hard against Babe&#8217;s. Babe was sucking the breath out of Sarah, causing her to get woozy. Such sucking power was incredible. Babe finally broke the kiss and pushed Sarah on her front, of course keeping the hand up her ass. �Get on all fours,� ordered Babe. Sarah did, and Babe inserted two fingers from her right hand to join the left hand. �Ah, why dawdle,� said Babe as she inserted her right hand up Sarah&#8217;s ass. Babe now had both hands inserted in Sarah&#8217;s ass, and she began shaking the girl up and down and side to side. Babe withdrew one hand and reinserted it as she withdrew the other, stretching the anal walls as she went. The piston type motion was really stretching Sarah to the hilt. Babe increased the force and speed of the fucking until Sarah yelled, �I&#8217;m coming!� A mind blowing anal orgasm, brought on like only Babe could do it with her strength and technique. As Babe pulled her arms out of Sarah&#8217;s ass, she realized how hot she was. �Sarah, get down here and suck my pussy!� Poor Sarah was still trembling in the aftermath of that severe double handed anal assault, but bravely made her way to Babe&#8217;s pussy. Sarah could smell it from five feet away, that powerful scent of a large woman, of a woman who was always hot and always wet. As Sarah approached Babe&#8217;s hairless wet pussy, Babe grabbed her by the ears and pulled her hard against her cunt. �Suck it, bitch. You&#8217;re not here on vacation, ya know, you&#8217;re here to work,� bellowed Babe. Fearing repercussions, but really because of her overwhelming desire to bury her face in this big cunt and please this big woman, Sarah began sucking the large lips and licking the crack. She wrapped her mouth around Babe&#8217;s upper labia and began sucking, gently but forcefully. Babe enjoyed this and was moving her hips rhythmically as Sarah sucked while inserting her tongue in the lovely hole. It didn&#8217;t take long until Babe let loose with a strong, wet orgasm that Sarah eagerly sucked up.

Babe summoned her top butt fucker, Chocolate Bliss, a chubby but powerful black woman who seemed to be born with a dildo strapped to her waist. Bliss smiled when she saw Sarah on the floor. �Bliss,� said Babe, �Sarah is here for a little discipline, which I&#8217;ll take care of, and a lot of ass fucking. I just had both hands up her ass. I want you to give her a good thirty minute fucking with a nice dildo, maybe the J model or the one right below that.� (The super sized dildos were names for the girl for whom they were developed: J for Jennifer, one of the first super sized assholes; D for Dottie, the girl who surprisingly beat Babe in size; and the R model, the biggest yet, named after Rhonda, the reigning ass queen and, of course, Chemaine&#8217;s biological mother.) Sarah got on all fours and presented her ass to Bliss. Chocolate Bliss licked her chops at the pretty white asshole in front if her. Actually, it was a brown hole belonging to a white woman, but hat was good enough. Bliss positioned the large head of the J model against Sarah&#8217;s stretched anus and plunged forward without any delay. A long, low moan emitted from Sarah as Bliss went full length insertion and pulled out so she could repeat the process again and again, harder and faster, until she had her rhythm. When Bliss got going, she was like a machine, and the machine was running on all cylinders. Bliss was pounding Sarah&#8217;s ass harder than it had ever been pounded before. Sarah was moaning and crying as Babe reached between her legs. Grabbing Sarah&#8217;s upper labia area, Babe squeezed and teased the area containing Sarah&#8217;s clit until the impaled girl was beginning to come. �Pull out, Bliss,� ordered Babe. Bliss withdrew as Sarah came, Babe&#8217;s hand replacing Bliss&#8217;s strap-on in Sarah&#8217;s hole. With one hand in her ass and the other on her pubic mound, Babe brought Sarah to three consecutive powerful orgasms, leaving the poor girl rather limp. �Thanks, Bliss, you may leave now.� Babe watched Bliss and her fat ass exit as she pondered the next plan of attack for pretty, little Sarah.










Chapter 37 &#8211; Geena and The Cunts

Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca, and Chemaine escorted Geena into the lair of the cunts-in-waiting. All of the cunts were familiar with Geena to varying extents. Ailan, Nelly and mom Denise had been very familiar with Geena during their time with Babe. They experienced both the dominating aspect of Geena&#8217;s personality as well as her forced submissiveness, a very degrading experience. The other girls just knew Geena from various parties; in the world of Goddess Phyllis, parties are synonymous with orgies.

�Girls,� proclaimed Goddess Phyllis with daughters and soon to be wives Rebecca and Chemaine at her side, �Geena is in control of you for the next week. You will obey her.&nbsp; Geena has been told to fuck your asses hard but within reason, no extreme anything. She will respect you in the utmost. Geena will suck your asses immediately after fucking them, and can suck them for as long as she wants. After Geena has fucked and sucked each of you, she will establish a fucking schedule as all of you will be both fucked and fucker for the next week. And you will have a chance to fuck Geena&#8217;s lovely ass, also. Questions?� Goddess Phyllis looked at the cunts. They all looked like they couldn&#8217;t wait for the fun to begin, and Geena was stoked. Her nipples were jutting out like rocks and her cunt was leaking like an old car. �Oh, girls, I forgot to tell you one thing,� announced Goddess Phyllis. �No orgasms! None! Nobody!�&nbsp; Goddess Phyllis looked at her babies and smiled. They knew this was coming and were now looking forward to reactions. Geena looked worried. She spoke. �Goddess Phyllis, with all due respect, does the no orgasm rule take effect now or do we get one last opportunity to relieve ourselves?� Rebecca looked sternly at Geena and said, �Geena, you are too smart to ask a dumb question like that. The Goddess has spoken. No orgasms. Is there some part of that that you don&#8217;t comprehend?� �No Mistress Rebecca, I understand,� said an embarrassed Geena. Not surprisingly, there were no further questions.

Geena and the cunts, as they will be referred to for brevity, headed off to the living area of the cunts. As all parts of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mansion were, it was large, lovely and well furnished. And bare floors, too, for the nastier items that could stain carpets and stuff. I, your narrator Shitboy, was fortunate to be sent with Geena and the cunts to clean up whatever needed cleaning. I was very excited. We got into the room. Geena pointed me to a corner to go sit and wait in. �Angel, I will fuck you first, little Miss Perfect Ass. While I am fucking Angel, the rest of you will watch and gently rub your clits and cunts. Very gently, as it is likely as we won&#8217;t be able to orgasm for a week.� As the words left her mouth, a wave of fear passed over Geena and she shuddered. Could she go a week without coming? A week in which she will be fucking and sucking some of the best ass in the world? Oh god.

Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine were watching the happenings on closed-circuit TV. As they like to do, they were all playing with their clits and alternating kissing each other. These three were so I love; it was a beautiful thing to see. They stopped the kissing as Geena lined Anger up over the couch. Wearing a good sized strap-on, Geena lubed up the head slightly and plunged into Little Miss Perfect Ass. Geena was a strong woman and wasted no time in working up to a rapid in-out. Angel took it well as she was trained to do. Geena was excellent with the strap-on and she was really giving it to Angel. After some thirty minutes of pile-driving ass fucking, Geena pulled all of the way out and looked at her work. Angel&#8217;s beautiful asshole was as wide as it had ever been. And gushy looking also. Geena could scarcely contain herself and she buried her face in this delectable hole. She stuck her tongue in as far as possible and licked anything she could touch. Geena licked all around the outside of the hole, and then wrapped her lips around the hole and sucked as hard as she could. Angel was bucking her hips against Geena&#8217;s mouth, and Geena was hanging tight. Geena suddenly stopped sucking in fear the she would lose it, fear that she would come. Geena was covered in a glaze of sweat as she licked her chops. Angel was still bent over. �How are you, Angel?� asked Geena. Angel looked up, smiled and said �Splendid.� Angel felt like she could explode any second and had to use all her control to be sure she didn&#8217;t. Geena, for her part, was more worried now than before. She came close to losing it on the first girl. True, it was Angel, but the other girls were outstanding in their own ways. And all delicious also, no doubt. Oh god, what to do.

It was less obvious on television than in person, but Geena was very hot. She was panting. And now she needed to pee. Goddess Phyllis and the babies had all orgasmed together when Geena started sucking Angel&#8217;s ass, and they were now getting horny again to see Geena summon me over. I crawled to Geena; she turned around, leaned back slightly on the couch next to Angel, who still hadn&#8217;t moved, and with the movement of a finger, brought me to her. I attached my mouth to her little pee hole and waited. Geena let out a lovely hard stream, very tasty as she didn&#8217;t have much water this day. I let it all slide down my throat and gently licked her pussy clean. Her hotness was evident. I could not only smell it but I could see her wetness, a much thicker and more viscous liquid than plain old urine. �That&#8217;s my shit boy,� said Goddess Phyllis to her babies.

Geena helped Angel back to the oversized bed and brought KathyJ over to the couch. KathyJ, Dottie&#8217;s daughter and the owner of a fine ass. Not a beautiful, circular perfect ass like Angel, but a round, big and strong looking ass. Beauty in its own way. Geena looked it over well, and decided to go one size up over the dildo that she used on Angel. Geena fastened the new one on, again used the minimum amount of lube, and drove into KathyJ. KathyJ absolutely loved getting fucked in the ass, and she was now getting fucked by one of the best. When Geena got going, she was like a fucking machine. Geena had great strength and endurance and used both of these to give KathyJ a fucking that was the best since Elly had her. After a good twenty minutes, Geena pulled out. KathyJ gave a silent whew. She was getting super hot and wasn&#8217;t sure she could control the orgasm. She has been trained as had all of the cunts, but she was a horny girl. Anyway, the fucking was over, but the pleasure continued as Geena licked and sucked on this delectable ass. KathyJ was purring like a kitten, and Geena&#8217;s pussy was leaking like a faucet. Too bad that the leaking didn&#8217;t help reduce the urge to come. Fuck. It wasn&#8217;t an urge anymore. It was a need and it was growing. 











Chapter 38 &#8211; Geena and The Cunts Cuntinued

I had the pleasure of injesting a nice load of pee from Angel and was hoping that something might be forthcoming from KathyJ. Angel may be known as Little Miss Perfect Ass, but you could substitute pussy for ass and the reference would still be valid. While I enjoyed these pleasant thoughts, Geena was on to Marilyn, one of the Latin lovelies. Marilyn and Evelyn were the two Hispanics, and two of the loveliest you could hope to find. Both had lovely 36DDs and round asses; Marilyn&#8217;s was bigger but Evelyn&#8217;s was rounder. Geena used a dildo the same size as the one used on Angel and plowed into Marilyn. �Ay mommy,� yelled Marilyn, drawing chuckles from the girls, including Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca watching on TV. Smiling, Geena plunged in and out of Marilyn&#8217;s ass as hard as she could, even harder than with KathyJ. Geena&#8217;s cunt was burning, and she was intoxicated with lust. The intensity was noticeable as all of the cunts leaned forward to get a closer look. Unfortunately, the hard fucking was making Geena even hotter rather than relieving anything, and Geena had to slow down. She pounded Marilyn another fifteen minutes, withdrew, and buried her face in Marilyn&#8217;s ass and sucked that beauteous hole con mucho gusto!

After resting for maybe five minutes, the voice of God rang out through the intercom. Goddess, to be more precise. �Keep going, Geena, Evelyn will be the last one for today,� declared Goddess Phyllis. Evelyn came over to Geena, who was wiping off the dildo as she would use the same size on Evelyn. Evelyn took her place leaning on the back of the couch as Geena poked her hole. Geena bent over and gave the asshole a little lick-and-suck, stood up, lined the phoney cock against the hole and pushed. �Ohh,� groaned Evelyn as the dry dildo was forced up her ass. After a couple of in-outs, Evelyn&#8217;s natural lube kicked in, but those first few pushed were painful. Geena was going all out now, knowing this was the last of the day, or night. In the world of Goddess Phyllis, one sometimes lost track of time. Geena fucked Evelyn&#8217;s ass for the longest of any of tonight&#8217;s asses, about forty-five minutes. Geena was hoping to tire herself out so that the need to come would be reduced. But once Geena starting licking that well fucked hole of Evelyn, she once again thought she would explode. �Geena, that is it for tonight. Come to me for a report,� announced Goddess Phyllis over the speakers. �Cunts, you performed splendidly, as always. Tomorrow, Geena will become reacquainted with Denise and her girls. Only Denise will be forgiven if she comes. Great work, girls. I love you all.� Goddess Phyllis hung up an awaited Geena.

Geena was to Goddess Phyllis within minutes. She was glistening with sweat, her nipples were standing upright as was her clit, and her pussy could be smelled from ten feet away. �You are doing wonderfully with my cunts, Geena. When you go back, have the four that you fucked today wear butt plugs. I want their holes increased in size by twenty-five per cent by the end of the week. And then you will all have magnificent orgasms,� explained Goddess Phyllis. 

Geena lowered her eyes and asked �May I speak, Goddess Phyllis?� �Yes, Geena,� replied Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis,� began Geena, �my cunt is so hot that I don&#8217;t know if I can go a whole week without coming. Today is only the first day and my cunt is leaking like Niagara Falls. But I would rather die than disappoint you,� cried Geena. Goddess Phyllis smiled, took Geena&#8217;s face by the chin, and gave her a hot kiss. �Rebecca, get the whip,� said Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca smiled as Geena&#8217;s eyes bulged in their sockets. �Geena, don&#8217;t be afraid. I am simply going to help you get through the week,� said Goddess Phyllis cheerfully. �Rebecca, give the whip to Chemaine.� Chemaine&#8217;s eyes lit up and the studly fifteen year old readily took the whip from her older sister/mentor/wife-to-be. �Chemaine,� said Goddess Phyllis, �You will give only one lash to Geena&#8217;s back. Just one. Does that make you feel better, Geena?� asked Goddess Phyllis very sweetly. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Geena, but the tears were already running down her eyes. �Chemaine, just one,� continued Goddess Phyllis, �but do it as hard as you can.� Chemaine flashed that big child-like grin that was so captivating. �Hands on hips, Geena,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. �Strike when ready, Chemaine,� said the Goddess. Without waiting, Chemaine pulled the whip back and came down extremelt hard on Geena&#8217;s back The whip caught Gina flush in the center of the back and Chemaine got almost all of the whip to make contact with skin. Blood started flowing down Geena&#8217;s back as she sobbed openly. 

Goddess Phyllis instructed Geena to get on all fours. Goddess Phyllis straddled Geena&#8217;s bloody back and pissed right into the open wound, creating a strong burning as we all know by now. Geena was strong and did not cry out. �Stand up, Geena,� commanded Goddess Phyllis, �and look at me.� Geena made eye contact with the mystical and wonderful Goddess Phyllis. �Geena, you have been severely whipped in the past by my mommy and others. You have endured twenty lashes from powerful women. You know what the pain is like. This little demonstration is just to remind you of the pain. Always remember the pain. That is what has made shit boy so good. He remembers the pain.� Geena was still locked on to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s eyes. �One more point, Geena, and maybe this is more important. You have had ups and downs in my groups. This opportunity is the best you will ever get. To be the leader of my cunts-in-waiting? My personal harem? To be charged with expanding the assholes of my girls? Geena, these tasks are such that people would kill for the chance. And all you have to do is control your cunt and don&#8217;t allow it to come. I know you can do it.� Here comes the clincher. �Geena,� continued Goddess Phyllis, �I will be disappointed if you fail. You do not want to disappoint me. That is not a good thing, is it, Geena?� �No, Goddess Phyllis,� said Geena in a weak, little voice.










Chapter 39 &#8211; Geena and Ailan, Nelly and Mom

Geena cried herself to sleep that night. The pain of that one lash and accompanying pee was tremendous. Geena realized that little Chemaine was quite strong, but what if it was twenty lashes from Elly? Geena had lived through that and didn&#8217;t think she could do it again. This was the chance of a lifetime and Geena knew it. The Goddess had given her the opportunity, and so far Geena was doing splendidly. The only thing that could go wrong was if she couldn&#8217;t control her cunt. This is what was on Geena&#8217;s mind as she drifted off.

A new day dawned. As the cunts awoke, I made the rounds, going from one gorgeous cunt to another to drink their morning pee, so hot, so sweet and delicious. Geena was up early; she was the first one I drained. Her pussy was glistening with love juice, but she seemed to have a greater sense of control than yesterday. Such was the power of Goddess Phyllis. I had already made coffee and most of the girls had some. I only use the best gourmet stuff and the girls like it. It does tend to make them pee more (nice) and spurs their shit out of their asses. Geena, in her role as leader of the cunts, orders me to eat everyone&#8217;s shit. I dutifully go from one to another, in order of evacuation, and lap up all that there is to lap. My reputation as the best shit eater in the world is pretty solid and I have no trouble going from one to another. This is some of the best shit in the world. Going from, for example, Marilyn to Angel is like going from great to greater.

Geena stands as I lick her asshole clean. I think her shit is the best of this group, excellent in both texture and taste to say nothing of quantity. �Girls,� she proclaims, �We are still in a no orgasm period. Do not disappoint! Angel, KathyJ, Marilyn and Evelyn, you will explore each other&#8217;s anuses with this assortment of dildos. Remember, we want to increase all of our holes by twenty-five percent as per Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s orders. Ailan, Nelly and Denise, you stay here with me. Now go, your gorgeous asses!� The four who were fucked yesterday adjourn to another room while the mother and her two daughters are left with the big titted porn star.

�Ailan and Nelly, lean over the couch,� ordered Geena. As yesterday&#8217;s work was all one at a time, the girls were surprised but, of course, immediately complied. Geena gave Denise a strap-on harness and had her put it on. Next was a large dildo that Geena secured to the harness. Geena put on her equipment and looked at the girls. �Babes, I know that you two are the fuckers and mommy here is the fuckee most of the time, but today, mommy will give Nelly a fucking to remember. And Ailan, this is for you,� said Geena as she stroked her jumbo sized phony phallus. Denise looked at Geena and simply said, �Thank you.�

Geena lined up behind Ailan and Denise behind Nelly. With a small amount of lube put on the dildo head, a very small amount, I might add, the dildos were inserted into the sisters&#8217; asses. �Denise, just do as I do,� said Geena as she plowed in and out of Ailan. Denise plowed in and out of her younger daughter as Geena was doing to her older one. Faster and harder, harder and faster went the fucking. Geena was a well conditioned stud and Denise was trying to keep up and doing an admirable of it. All of a sudden Denise screamed and her cunt erupted, shooting love juice out of all sides of the harness and getting all four of them wet, but Nelly the wettest. The dildo never left Nelly&#8217;s ass, and Denise hung on to her daughter&#8217;s ass cheeks until some of her strength came back. As it did, she resumed fucking her daughter.

The eruption got Geena so hot that she was going crazy on Ailan&#8217;s cunt. Geena was pushing in to the hilt on every thrust and pulling out almost completely on every withdrawal, and doing this at lightening speed. Reaching between Ailan&#8217;s legs, Geena gathered up some cunt juice and rubbed it on her left fist. On the next withdrawal, Geena pulled all the way out and delivered a closed fist punch to Ailan&#8217;s ass; this was now known as the Chemaine punch. The combination of the intense fucking and Geena&#8217;s strength allowed the fist to gay way up Ailan&#8217;s hole. Geena began working the fist around Ailan&#8217;s insides, moving it al around, up and down and in and out, and as this was going on, Geena was inserting fingers from her right hand into Ailan&#8217;s throbbing hole. First one, then three, then the whole hand disappeared in the hole. Geena pulled her right hand out enough to clench it into a fist. Geena now had two fists up Ailan&#8217;s ass. She began the technique that Chemaine naturally fell into the second time with her biological mother Rhonda, the now called Chemaine Double-Fist Punch. First the left and then the right and Geena was going to town on Ailan&#8217;s rear hole. For her part, Ailan took it as well as she dishes it out. Some moans and groans, but otherwise, Ailan took it like a stud. 

Denise looked at Geena who seemed to be having so much fun. She made a fist; her hands were still wet from her recent eruption, and pounded it into Nelly&#8217;s ass. As it caught Nelly by surprise, the girl let out a rather cute �ooh.� Denise punched the ass several times in succession. Geena was watching and said, �Great Denise. Now do it with both fists, like I&#8217;m doing.� Denise looked over and got the picture, wet her other hand, and began punching daughter Nelly&#8217;s ass. This was great, thought Denise.

Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine were watching the proceedings on the closed circuit television. They were all pleased. The Chemaine Double-Fist Punch was now a technique to be used by others, and that made Goddess Phyllis proud. �Girls,� said Goddess Phyllis, looking first at Rebecca then Chemaine, �I think that Geena is doing a great job. If she gets through this session, I am going to allow her to give the cunts an orgasm, and then we will give her the best she&#8217;s ever had. And then, I will ordain her as the leader of the cunts-in-waiting. As leader, she is totally under our control, but she will train our girls to have bigger assholes, be better ass fuckers and have better orgasms. Comments?� Rebecca said, �Tremendous idea, Goddess Phyllis.� Chemaine looked at her adoptive mother and soon to be wife and said, �I love you, mommy.� This brought big smiles from Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca as Chemaine nestled her head against Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s golden bosoms.










Chapter 40 &#8211; Orgasms

Geena and Denise were finishing up the assault on the asses of Ailan and Nelly respectively. The Chemaine Double-Fist Ass Punch was devastating and a hell of a lot of fun. Geena had Nelly lick her hands and arms clean while Ailan licked her mother&#8217;s hands and arms. Both girls could taste the familiar taste; they had been eating each others&#8217; asses since puberty, and each others cunts even longer.

The voice of God came over the intercom. �Girls, you have all performed spectacularly. Rebecca, Chemaine and I will be right over to give you your well deserved orgasms,� announced Goddess Phyllis. The girls squealed with delight while Geena was hoping that there was one for her also.

The goddesses entered, with only Rebecca wearing a strap-on, a large one at that. �Geena, how would you like a good ass fucking from little Rebecca here? Becca was fucking Oz the other day and Oz said it was the hardest she&#8217;d ever been fucked.� Goddess Phyllis paused. Oz, by the way, is a four hundred and forty pound wrestling champion and the world&#8217;s strongest woman, and she was anally devastated by 90 pound Rebecca. It was a sight to see. �Goddess Phyllis, it would be an honor to receive a fucking from Goddess Rebecca,� said Geena. �Assume the position then,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Geena leaned over the back of the couch, but first Rebecca had her put on a type of harness. It was like a strap t-shirt, the popular guinea t or wife-beater. Whatever you want to call it, it also had two handles hanging off of each side. This allowed Rebecca to hang on, thereby giving a harder and deeper anal work over. Rebecca inserted her cock into Geena&#8217;s ass and went to work. She was like a machine, gradually building up depth and speed until she was flying out and in of Geena&#8217;s ass at a speed better than Geena or any of the cunts could manage. She was that good. This went on for a while since this was the backdrop for the cunts to orgasm.

�Cunts, this is your day. I am personally going to eat each of you for a couple of minutes, and Chemaine will follow me and bring you to orgasm. Go sit on the chairs,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. The chairs were soft wing-arm chairs with the middle of the seat cut out. The chair was designed by Goddess Phyllis so that anyone sitting in it could spread their legs to the max while having their asses still available. The seven cunts took their seats and were enjoying the show of Rebecca fucking Geena. Goddess Phyllis went to Angel first, knelt down and rubbed her tongue up and down Angel&#8217;s slit. It wasn&#8217;t only the tongue that felt good; it was the knowledge that this was not an ordinary tongue. No, it was the tongue of Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis nibbled a little on Angel&#8217;s clit and stuck her nose in her hole. Umm, a fine pussy, thought the Goddess. She pulled back. �Chemaine, make her come,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine inserted two fingers in Angel&#8217;s cunt. (If you recall from several chapters ago, Goddess Phyllis had decreed that two fingers in the cunt was now permissible. This is what caused Sarah to be sent to Babe and Geena arriving here). Chemaine moved the fingers up and down and not side to side. She lowered her mouth on to Angel&#8217;s clit and sucked it. It didn&#8217;t take long at all for Angel to come like a wildwoman. Goddess Phyllis and Chemaine repeated this on KathyJ, Marilyn, Evelyn, then Ailan, Nelly and Denise. All of the girls had wet and wild orgasms and of course Denise squirted like a fountain.

All of this time, Rebecca was still fucking Geena&#8217;s ass. On cue from Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca withdrew, had Geena lay on the couch, and lowered her mouth to Geena&#8217;s cunt. Rebecca inserted two fingers and sucked on Geena&#8217;s very large clit, and within seconds Geena was exploding with orgasm after orgasm. Rebecca counted at least four.

Goddess Phyllis stood before the group. �Cunts, you were all wonderful. It was nice getting to taste all of you again; it has been too long. I will shortly be bringing Sarah back tomorrow from Babes and you will be eight again. But with a difference. Joining my cunts-in-waiting is Geena, and Geena will be the leader of you girls. Geena will make sure that you are all well fucked as I want you asses to be no less than a 40.� This was interesting, I thought. I was a 48 myself, and current champion Rhonda was a remarkable 74; next biggest was in the upper sixties. I knew that Geena would have to work on the cunts&#8217; asses many hours a day. Where would I fit in, I wondered. I didn&#8217;t have to wonder for long. �Geena,� said Goddess Phyllis, I&#8217;ll leave Shit boy with to clean up whatever mess there may be. Use him, but do not abuse him. Well, not too much anyway.� The girls all chuckled as I anticipated what lay in the future. I&#8217;m sure I was going to get fucked, eat a lot of shit and drink even more pee. All in all, sounds pretty good.










Chapter 41 &#8211; The Wedding

Finally!

The big day was here. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ballroom in her modest mansion was bedecked with white. White streamers, white balloons and a white light laser show playing on the ceiling. There was a stage where the ceremony would be performed, presided over by the judge (still subservient to wife Elena) and by the archbishop of Connecticut. We know about the judge, but the archbishop, a straight man-of-cloth, had met Goddess Phyllis at a function and immediately fell in love with her. He extended an invitation to Goddess Phyllis to visit his church and private office. Of course, Goddess Phyllis knew what he wanted, and it didn&#8217;t take more than ten minutes to have the archbishop on his knees kissing Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s feet and another five minutes for him to be renouncing his former god and accepting Goddess Phyllis as his new lord and master. Of course, his conversion would not be made public as Goddess Phyllis knew she would be able to use his churchly services. By the time Goddess Phyllis left the church that day, the archbishop had eaten her shit, drank her own holy water straight from her immaculate vagina, jerked himself off four times, and defecated on his holy robes. Goddess Phyllis also had the archbishop give ten thousand dollars of the church&#8217;s money to a lesbian action organization. That took some explaining to the church board.

Goddess Phyllis was to be �given away� by mommy Elly and sister Baby Karen. Chemaine would be given by her biological mommy Rhonda and Jessica, the Brazilian beauty and wife of wrestling champion Oz, while Oz and Little Miss Perfect Ass Angel would give away Rebecca. Rebecca did not have a living mother, and when Goddess Phyllis suggested that Rebecca, a ninety pound goddess, be given away by the largest and strongest woman, Becca was intrigued. After Rebecca was able to give Oz a harder fucking than anyone thought possible, Oz was in as the mother figure. Angel was there since she was actually the person who first met, seduced (didn&#8217;t take much) and then brought Rebecca to Goddess Phyllis.

The attendees numbered around seventy-five and included only those who had previously worshipped at the feet of Goddess Phyllis. All of the ladies from the previous chapters of this saga were there. To name just a few, we had group leaders Babe, Ellie, Dottie, and Elena and all of their girls, people like porn legends Seka and Vanessa Del Rio were there as well as some Hollywood types (Angelina Jolie) and sports figures ( tennis&#8217; Williams sisters). All attendees had to be totally naked, and all were wearing strap-on dildos. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s plan was for everyone to form one large circle while ass fucking the person in front of them. This circle would surround the platform where Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine would be joined in wedded bliss. The judge, by the way, had previously done the paperwork to make Goddess Phyllis the legal mother of Rebecca and Chemaine, and now he was marrying them. Life can be beautiful.

All of the girls inserted their dildo into the ass of the girl in front of them. In some instances, it was a leader (for example, Babe) who told her girls how to line up. Other cases were random. Big girls fucking small ones and vice-versa, black on white and the other way also. Didn&#8217;t matter as long as everyone had a dildo in their ass and had one in the girl in front of them. This was the decree of Goddess Phyllis. It was one large daisy chain of anal exploration. The judge and archbishop were already on the platform.

The music started, the traditional wedding march. The circle temporarily parted (the �task� of pulling out and then reentering the ass was given to Geena, the new leader of the cunts-in-waiting and Sarah as the recipient. Each time the circle parted, Geena would put in a larger dildo to give Sarah a harder fucking).&nbsp; The first to enter were Rhonda and Jessica with Chemaine in the middle. All were wearing the wedding garb that all nine of the wedding party would wear: a four inch wide swath of white lace worn around the stomach. That&#8217;s it. Nada mas. Rhonda had an enormous dildo sticking out of her ass while Jessica and Chemaine had more reasonable sized dildos in their behinds. The circle parted again, and in came Rebecca, surrounded by big Oz and Angel. Oz had a big dildo protruding from her incredibly big ass and again, Rebecca and Little Miss Perfect Ass had more �normal� sized dildos in their butts.

The circle parted a third and final time as Goddess Phyllis entered with her mommy and baby sister. The girls gasped in awe at the beauty of Goddess Phyllis. She was radiant, and She too had a dildo sticking out of Her ass. Mommy had a huge one in hers and Baby a pretty big one in her ass. The three brides stepped forward, Goddess Phyllis in the middle and her two babies on each side, Rebecca on her left and Chemaine on her right.

The judge started. �We are gathered here today, and are honored to be here, to witness the marriage of the Goddess Phyllis and her two daughters, Rebecca and Chemaine.� The archbishop spoke next. �This marriage is sanctioned by the church by my decree. My lord and God Goddess Phyllis has ordered this decree to be so, and so it is.� The judge added �the state of New York also recognizes this marriage as totally legal while keeping the mother/daughter relationship also legal.� Such was the influence of Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis spoke. �I am the lord and master of all in this room, and millions across the world (this was true as Goddess Phyllis had taken her dominance to the internet. More on this in the future-M). Of all the women in the world, I have selected the two girls I love the most, outside of baby and mommy, and that&#8217;s the two next to me. Rebecca is brilliant and incredible, and Chemaine is all that and only fifteen, too. With my love and training, they have evolved into the most dominant pair in my group. I love them both tremendously.� Many in the crowd applauded while others wept. Rebecca looked at Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I was reborn the day I met you. I owe my life to you; you are my future and my present and I pledge my undying love and obedience to you.� Again, more tears and applause. Chemaine turned toward Goddess Phyllis. �Mommy, I love you and Rebecca more than anything. I want to live my life as you want me to. I will obey you forever and worship you forever.� Now, there wasn&#8217;t a dry eye in the house. Come to think of it, there wasn&#8217;t a dry cunt in the house either. Not to mention the hard-ons on the naked judge and priest. And me.

In unison, the judge and archbishop said, �Goddess Phyllis, do you take Rebecca and Chemaine to be your lawfully wedded wives, to love them always and to have them worshipped by all of your devotees?� �Yes I do,� said Goddess Phyllis. The judge and holy man again spoke in unison. �Rebecca, do you take Goddess Phyllis and Chemaine to be your lawfully wedded wives, to love them always and to always worship Goddess Phyllis?� �Yes I do,� said Rebecca. The duo spoke again. �Chemaine, do you take Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca to be your lawfully wedded wives, to love them always and to always worship Goddess Phyllis?� �Yes I do,� replied Chemaine. �By ht powers invested in us by the state of New York and the Catholic Church, we now pronounce you wife and wife and wife.� The three goddesses engaged in a three way kiss that was long and wet. Goddess Phyllis turned to face the crowd. �Girls, work those dildos in and out. Hard and fast.� It was fascinating to be watching this from my spot on the floor in the corner, to see this huge circle come to life with a rhythmic, hypnotic motion. �Let the party begin!� decreed Goddess Phyllis.










Chapter 42 &#8211; Shocking

What a party it was. The ass fucking and pussy sucking went on for three days. The ladies took time off to use the facilities such as the pool, sauna, gym, TV room, you name it. As the third day rolled around, Goddess Phyllis had her mommy start getting rid of people. After all, enough was enough. Finally, everyone was gone except for the main crew, Goddess Phyllis, Goddess Rebecca, Goddess Chemaine, mommy, baby, Rhonda, Geena and the cunts-in-waiting, and your humble narrator, shit boy.

I was lying in my corner of the main room. I had to be near in case anyone had to pee or poop, of course. As I watch dog Linda napping across the room in the other corner, Goddess Chemaine comes over to me. What beauty! Chemaine was four feet ten inches tall, but as previously mentioned in many of the past chapters, had a huge set of 38DDD tits; a hot, hairless cunt that exuded a white, milky substance when she orgasmed, which was quite often; a nice, big, round ass that measured a respectable 52 on the Goddess Phyllis scale; and a gorgeous face, high cheekbones, light skinned African American goddess (she was the same color as Rebecca, interestingly enough). I got on my knees before the new Goddess. Chemaine took a finger, swirled it in the opening of her pussy, and placed it in my mouth. This had the immediate effect of causing my cock to get hard. �Stand up, shit boy,� said Goddess Chemaine in her cute, little girl voice. I was standing in a flash. Chemaine took my cock and started jerking me off, very slowly. She had so gentle a touch. I could see Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca watching with amused curiosity. �Lay down on your back, shit boy,� ordered Chemaine. I did, and Chemaine knelt down and continued jerking me. She alternated between a few fingers and her whole hand when gripping me. I could feel by balls swelling as I hadn&#8217;t been allowed to orgasm for the past week and was quite loaded. In past cases when I had to control my orgasm, Goddess Phyllis would always give me Her stare and little words of encouragement. But not this time. Chemaine continued stroking me and I really feared I would come, not yet but maybe soon. Chemaine moved around and squatted over my face, with her asshole directly on my mouth. She lifted up a bit so I could both breathe and smell her wonderful ass. Al the time, she kept jerking me off. Suddenly, Chemaine farted. A loud one, too. This was immediately followed by a sweet turd exiting her asshole and sliding directly into my open mouth. This nice piece was sticking out of my mouth as she dropped additional chinks on and around my head. Laying there with a large piece of Chemaine&#8217;s shit in my mouth was unbelievably erotic. And still She kept jerking me. �Suck on that shit, shit boy. Swallow some!� ordered the fifteen year old Goddess. I sucked and swallowed and it was more than I could bear. The next squeeze of my cock from Chemaine&#8217;s small but powerful hand sent me over the top. I shot a load straight up that fell to my stomach. Chemaine was milking me now, making me shoot everything in me. My stomach was covered with a puddle of my own come. �Take your come and rub it on my shit and eat it all up,� ordered Chemaine, and I complied in my usual speedy and efficient manner. As I did, I saw the feet of Goddess Phyllis and Goddess Rebecca walking over.

�Shit boy, you came without permission,� said Goddess Phyllis. �What can you possibly say for yourself?� asked Goddess Rebecca. I thought. They had seen Chemaine jerk me off and shit on me. �Goddesses, I am a failure. I have no explanation.� The three ladies smiled at each other. �You must be disciplined, shit boy. Chemaine, what is your preference?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine smiled. �Mommy, I want to try the electro-shock torture.�

I was led over to a wall and chained with my arms up and my legs spread. Metal clips were attached to my nipples. A slender metal wire was inserted into my urethra, while a metal cup was attached to my balls. Finally, a metal dildo, not too big, was inserted up my ass. Chemaine was at a laptop a few feet in front of me, with Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca next to her. Chemaine hit a key and a shock went through my nipples; another key and a searing pain in my balls. This latter one caused me to scream. Rebecca got a rubber cylinder for me to bite down on. This was good as Chemaine activated the rod in my penis, causing an excruciating pain in my entire midsection. The ass dildo gave me such a shock that I started flailing against my chains.&nbsp; Not only could Chemaine activate any or all of the electrodes but She could also adjust the intensity. As the shocks increased in duration and strength, I was biting down on my bit and screaming around it and through it. My cock felt like it was on fire, and then it was my balls. My nipples were burning, and my ass was also. The pain grew and grew. Through my tears, I could see Chemaine smiling, while Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca were feeling those gorgeous twins of hers. How cruel Chemaine was, I thought. As if reading my mind, Chemaine turned on all of the electrodes at once and raised the level. I was screaming and flailing with sweat pouring down my body. I remember seeing something like flashing lights, and then nothing. Blackness.

�Wow, Chemaine, you are cruel,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis mommy,� said Chemaine. �I hope that you and Becca enjoyed it.�











Chapter 43 &#8211; Oz

Dog Linda, formerly nurse Linda, helped me recover from the shock torture that I had endured under the direction of Goddess Chemaine. Dog held me and kept me warm, and fed me, and also peed in my mouth (with permission, of course). It was from this perspective that I witnessed an incredible event.

As I mentioned a couple of chapters ago, Oz was a five foot six inch, four hundred and forty pound powerhouse of a woman, as strong as she was large. Her wife of five years was Brazilian beauty Jessica, a petite five two with eyes of blue and a killer body. Outstanding. Goddess Phyllis had extended to them an invitation to join her group of regulars, an offer that one would be crazy to refuse. It was Rebecca who pushed for this inclusion as she had such a great time fucking this behemoth to tears at their last encounter. That was just a prelude.

Goddess Rebecca was as imaginative as she was intelligent. Having Oz wear the t-shirt harness with handles was a great help to hanging on and pounding that fat ass. But Rebecca knew that she needed to get more height if she was to fuck the big girl even harder. The answer was a bungee type device hanging from the ceiling. It had a midriff strap that fit around Rebecca&#8217;s waist while allowing the new Goddess to wear the huge dildo that she wanted to use. Goddess Rebecca had been practicing using this and found that by extending the handles on the t-harness, she was able to attack with deadly accuracy any target she wanted, such as a big fat ass.

When Oz and Jessica entered the room, Goddess Phyllis was seated upon Her throne. Goddess Rebecca was wearing a nice, big dildo, even bigger than the one that drove Oz to tears last time. Goddess Chemaine was wearing a more normal sized dildo that she waved at Jessica as she looked her way. Rebecca also had a harness around her waist.

�Oz, get on all fours in the center of the bed,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Oz took her place and Rebecca quickly scampered up to the bed, attached the cable to the harness, and, wasting no time, put the head of the crazy large dildo against Oz&#8217;s asshole and pushed. No lube, just straight force. Rebecca was able to drive it right in, eliciting an ouch from the big one. Becca did a couple of in-outs to loosen up Oz&#8217;s hole. On the last out, Rebecca pushed off the bed and let the bungee harness take her high up toward the ceiling while still holding on to the handles of the t-straps. Pulling on the handles, Goddess Rebecca drove herself down toward Oz&#8217; waiting ass at great velocity and plowed that sucker into that enormous ass, hard and deep. Oz moaned in pain. Rebecca pulled out and went flying toward the ceiling, took aim on that ass, and pulled herself back down. Pow! The monstrous cock went way up Oz&#8217;s hole, its eighteen inch length and four inch girth going fully into Oz&#8217;s ass with no resistance. Rebecca pulled out and came at Oz with even more force. Wham! This one was so hard that Oz was actually knocked off of her knees onto her ample stomach. This fact mattered not to Rebecca as she continued to pound that ass. On the next impaling, Rebecca wrapped as much of her arms as possible around Oz and told her to get back on her knees and not to fall over again. Oz did and Rebecca continued this most vicious assault, much to the delight of Goddess Phyllis and Goddess Chemaine.

Speaking of Chemaine, she was certainly not idly watching her wife/sister abuse Oz&#8217;s ass. Far from it. Chemaine was pounding Jessica&#8217;s ass in the more traditional manner, doggy style without any flying. With Chemaine having great strength for one standing one inch under five feet and weighing one hundred twenty-five pounds, she was pounding Jessica a lot harder than she was used to. Oz was rather gentle with Jessica; these girls truly loved each other and Oz was always careful not to inadvertently hurt Jess due to the difference in their size.&nbsp; But Chemaine cared not about hurt; in fact, she reveled in causing pain and watching pain being caused. She was doubly happy now as she pounded that perfectly shaped ass in front of her while watching the most acrobatic, tremendous fucking that she had ever seen. As both Chemaine and Jessica looked on, Rebecca flew down and sunk that monster dildo deep inside of Oz. Oz let out a wail and started sobbing, openly weeping. Seeing this caused Jessica to start weeping, partly because it was the first time that she had seen Oz �beaten� to tears and partly due to her own pain at the hands of Chemaine. The tears did serve one purpose. They inspired the new Goddesses to double their efforts. Rebecca smashed Oz&#8217;s hold from as high as possible while Chemaine switched over to her popular Chemaine Double-Fist Ass Punch. This turned Jessica&#8217;s sobbing from that of being upset about Oz to pure old pain sobbing. 

Rebecca saw this and wanted to do something similar to Oz, but her fists were not big enough. To the rescue came the artificial rubber arm for simulated fist fucking. Rebecca took two of these and returned to Oz&#8217;s ass. Rebecca inserted on of these large arms easily into the big, fat ass. Becca took the second one and managed to work that in also. It was a tight fit but Rebecca was not a girl to be denied and she forced and pushed that second arm up Oz&#8217;s ass. Now Rebecca was trying to pull the arms in opposite directions, giving Oz&#8217;s ass a great stretching. She then began alternatingly pulling one out and then pushing it in as she pulled the other out. Rebecca was having great fun as Oz&#8217;s weeping intensified, causing Goddess Phyllis to get off of her throne to slap the big girl&#8217;s mouth shut. 

This went on until both Jessica and Oz passed out from the pain. Goddess Phyllis looked at her young goddess/wife/daughters and smiled. �Girls,� She said, �you two are tremendous. Did you have fun? �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� answered the girls. �Now we all deserve a nice big orgasm. Let&#8217;s have a daisy chain!�










Chapter 44 &#8211; Lactation


Having a nurse in the group came in very handy, even she was now a dog. Dog Linda knew of a drug that would induce lactation in a pubescent woman and Goddess Phyllis had her administer it to Chemaine for the past several weeks. The results were now starting to show. Really show. Chemaine was a 38DDD to start with, an amazing sight to see on a 4&#8217;11� 120 lb. body. Now the young stud was about a 40DDD and those twin babies were filled with milk. She needed a sucking to relieve some of the heaviness. And who else would perform this task but Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca.

Chemaine lay down on the bed with her wife/mother on one side and her wife/sister on the other. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca each took a nipple in their mouth and began sucking at the same time. Gently at first, very gently. Chemaine rewarded the sucking with the sweetest milk one could ever imagine. Warm and sweet. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca had to suck harder it was so good, and this caused Chemaine to produce a nice stream from each tit. It also made Chemaine&#8217;s cunt very, very hot. She began oozing that delicious white cream of hers. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca were too involved in their �feeding� to be aware of this. Chemaine reached between her legs and got some wetness on each hand. She placed a wet finger on the nostrils of her two lovers and it seemed to snap both of them out of their reverie.

Goddess Phyllis pulled away from Chemaine&#8217;s tit and moved toward her cunt. It was glistening with white cream. Goddess Phyllis lowered her head and began licking the cream. �Damn it to hell, Chemaine, but your cunt is so fuckin delicious!� screamed Goddess Phyllis. �Rebecca, get down here.� Becca joined her wife/mother down at Chemaine&#8217;s pussy and tasted some herself. �Mmmm, Goddess Phyllis, she sure is delicious. Milk up on top and cream down here. Utterly fulfilling.�

Chemaine was laying there soaking in the adulation. Ever since Rebecca first taught her how to assfuck, her dominant side had been growing and growing. Stretching her biological mother&#8217;s asshole to record proportions. Teasing her teachers to the point where they would do anything to touch the twins and taste the pussy, anything, like giving up their families and jobs. And not one of them regretted it. Fucking studs like Babe and Geena to unconsciousness. Jerking me off, me, who, thanks to Goddess Phyllis, could withstand any assault on my cock and not come unless permitted by Goddess Phyllis. Me, who could come without being touched if Goddess Phyllis so ordered. But even I could not take the sight of Chemaine&#8217;s ass hovering over my face and the dropping a delicious piece of shit right in my mouth. With Chemaine shitting on me, I came without permission and was punished for it. Punished by Chemaine, at Goddess Phyllis orders. I was the first to be tortured with the new electro-shock unit with Chemaine at the controls, and Chemaine did not hesitate to use the machine at full strength. Even Goddess Phyllis was surprised at the level of Chemaine&#8217;s glee at my agony.

Chemaine never felt more dominant then right at this moment. She had pounded the gorgeous Jessica into unconsciousness. She followed this with more and wetter orgasms than both Rebecca and Goddess Phyllis. And now they were sucking the milk from her tits and the cream from her cunt. Chemaine knew what they wanted. What they needed. �Goddess Phyllis, Goddess Rebecca,� said Goddess Chemaine, �you will eat my shit. With my milk and cunt cream and now shit, you will never need to eat anything that didn&#8217;t come from my body ever again!�&nbsp; With that, Chemaine arched her back and began shitting where she lay. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca exchanged a look. Goddess Phyllis winked at Rebecca and picked up a piece of Chemaine&#8217;s shit. Goddess Phyllis held it up to Chemaine and said, �Chemaine, I am pleased to eat your shit.� And she did, gobbling the entire piece of crap up in no time flat. Rebecca followed suit. The sight of the two goddesses eating her shit caused Chemaine to go a little nuts. �Eat my shit. Suck on it. Rub it on you. Lick my cunt. Suck the milk out of my tits. I am Goddess Chemaine!� She barely got her name out before she began shaking with orgasm. Goddess Phyllis sucked her quivering pussy while Rebecca went back to the twins and began sucking each nipple successively. Chemaine was in the throws of a mind blowing orgasm until she just conked out.

Rebecca looked at Goddess Phyllis and vice versa. Both goddesses had shit on their mouths. Goddess Phyllis leaned over and the girls embraced, licking the shit off of each other&#8217;s mouths. �Goddess Phyllis, I was surprised that you permitted Chemaine to shit like that. It was like she was the dominant one.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Rebecca,� said Goddess Phyllis, �Chemaine is young and filled with hormones. Besides her regular hormones, the lactation drug is increasing this. We need to allow her to express her dominance. I will set her wise about who she tries to dominate, but essentially, other than you and me, she can and will dominate anyone. Between both of you, any woman will succumb to your charms.�

Chemaine opened her eyes and looked at her two lovers. The Goddesses smiled back. Goddess Phyllis touched Chemaine&#8217;s cheek. �Chemaine, your shit was delicious, as always. But, you must remember that Rebecca and I are not to be spoken to like that again. You do not order us or tell us what to do. Only I can do that. Maybe in fifteen or twenty years, when you and Becca are running this group, you will give orders, but not now. I let it go because I could see how hot you were, but won&#8217;t do so a second time.� Chemaine looked at Goddess Phyllis and began weeping. �Don&#8217;t cry Chemaine,� said Rebecca, �You know how much we love you. This is just a little learning experience. That&#8217;s all.� Chemaine looked at Rebecca and smiled. That made her feel better. �Chemaine, you are a true dominant,� said Goddess Phyllis. �You will get a lot of practice and get to do anything you want to anyone you want.� Again, Chemaine smiled. �Goddess Phyllis,� she asked, �can I use the electro-shock machine on my doggy?� I think she would like it.� �Of course, Chemaine, she is your dog. Do what you want. Tomorrow, the second shock unit will be delivered. Then you can do Dog Linda and Shitboy at the same time.�

As Dog Linda was being shocked into unconsciousness, I could only lay there and reflect on my worst fear. I could handle punishment. But now I was going to be tortured not for punishment but for another&#8217;s pleasure. And as bad a whipping was, the electro-shock was the worst. I could leave; that door was always open. But in reality, I could not leave. I was Shitboy, best shit eater in the world, personal property of Goddess Phyllis, the greatest and almost richest pure dominant on the face of the earth. I wasn&#8217;t going anywhere. With that, I could feel my cock getting harder and harder.










Chapter 45 &#8211; Goddess Chemaine 

Yes, the hormones were not only producing some delicious milk in Goddess Chemaine&#8217;s tits but were also increasing her need for domination. She learned a lesson that she could not dominate her wives, Goddess Phyllis and Goddess Rebecca. But as Goddess Phyllis said, anyone else was hers. And she was starting with her pet doggy, Dog Linda. Chemaine brought the pup over to the �shock wall� and clamped her hands to the wall and likewise with her feet, forming an X position. Chemaine attached an electrode to each of Dog Linda&#8217;s large nipple, one to her protruding clit, and a cup type device that covered about half of the dog&#8217;s pussy. Oh, and of course a stick type electrode up her ass. Chemaine went over to the controls as Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca held each other while watching the show.

I was in the corner knowing what was to come.&nbsp; I had been shocked to the max by Chemaine and it was the worst pain imaginable. Far worse than a whipping, worse than a fist fucking and even worse than the Claws. The probe up my urethra was the worst, but they were all bad. Dog Linda had got me through the after shocks; would I do the same for her?

Chemaine began with the nipples, sending a small current through first the left, then right, then both nipples. She gradually increased the voltage while turning on the cunt cup. These two alone were causing Dog Linda to sweat and shake, but Chemaine paid no heed. She turned on the clit electrode and increased that one rapidly. This had the expected effect of sending the dog into a mind blowing orgasm. While this was happening, Chemaine activated the anal probe, extending doggie&#8217;s orgasm and increasing the intensity. First pleasure, then pain. With all of the electrodes now on and only the clit one set above a low setting, Chemaine could play. Dog Linda&#8217;s orgasm finally subsided and Chemaine said, �Thank your master for letting you come.� Dog Linda smiled and said �Thank you Goddess Chemaine.� With that, Chemaine increased the voltage on all of the probes to medium and stuck a rubber bit in Dog Linda&#8217;s mouth. She turned the clit probe to max and doggie let out a muffled scream. Increasing the nipple shocks was making the dog continually cry in pain, and this only got worse when the cunt cup went to max. When the anal probe went to max, Dog Linda went into total body tremors as she began emitting a continuous guttural sound that was most odd. Thankfully for her, she passed out.

Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca were quite impressed with Chemaine&#8217;s skill in using the shock machine. The show made them quiet hot, and Goddess Phyllis laid her cunt on Rebecca&#8217;s mouth and began sucking Becca&#8217;s cunt in the classic sixty-nine position. It only took seconds for these two skilled tongues to bring each other off. Goddess Phyllis looked up to see Chemaine looking at them. �C&#8217;mere baby,� said Goddess Phyllis to Chemaine. Chemaine practically flew over to her mommy and threw her arms around Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s neck and began showering Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face with licks and kisses. Rebecca took advantage of this to get her face under Chemaine so that she could lick her pussy. Chemaine was all juiced up and super hot and Rebecca brought her to a quick and strong orgasm. All three Goddesses had small but strong orgasms and finally thought about the poor doggy hanging there on the wall all unconscious. Goddess Phyllis ordered me to unhook the dog and drag her to my corner.

I unhooked Dog Linda and literally had to drag her to my appointed corner. She weighed over three hundred pounds and there was no way I could carry her. We got to where we were told to be and the doggie began to awake. She immediately began crying from the shocking experience she had just had. Chemaine came over and gave her a rather vicious slap in the face. �Shut you fat mouth, you piece of dog shit. Do you want to go back to the machine?� �No, Goddess Chemaine,� said Dog Linda, trying to stop the tears and get herself under some control. Chemaine gave her another slap and told me to hug her. I wrapped my arms around the big girl turned dog and squeezed her gently as she did to me after my ordeal. �Good shit boy,� said Chemaine.

Chemaine walked back to her wives. Goddess Phyllis touched her cheek. �Chemaine, this mean streak in you is quite interesting. You enjoy causing pain, don&#8217;t you?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, it makes my cunt all wet too.� Chemaine put her hands between her legs and got some cunt cream on both hands and presented these to Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca. Both ladies eagerly licked her hands clean. �More, Chemaine,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine went to her cunt for more and had her wives lick it off of her hands. They were all getting hot from this. Goddess Phyllis began sucking Chemaine&#8217;s left tit and Rebecca her right. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s left hand reached Chemaine&#8217;s pussy and Rebecca&#8217;s right hand did likewise. They each inserted their index finger in this fifteen year old cunt and gently fucked it (several chapters ago, Goddess Phyllis began allowing two finger pussy insertion). Chemaine was cooing like a dove and soon was gushing her cream out of her pussy. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca were like cat quick as they dove for that cunt so as not to waste a drop of the white cream. They lapped it up and lapped Chemaine&#8217;s pussy until the youngster was coming like crazy. Goddess Phyllis turned her over and inserted her hand in Chemaine&#8217;s ass. She frigged the young beauty&#8217;s ass while Becca sucked the clit, bringing Chemaine to yet another orgasm, this one so intense that Chemaine passed out. Goddess Phyllis looked at Rebecca and said, �Honey, Chemaine is evolving into a true sex kitten. We need to make sure she has many orgasms daily and that her tits stay milked.� Rebecca, of course, agreed. Goddess Phyllis was pleased. Rebecca was a business whiz and a dynamic sexual presence as evidenced by her incredible flying bungee fuck. And now Chemaine was exuding true unadulterated domination. All of this was naturally the work of Goddess Phyllis. Such was the power of Goddess Phyllis. 










Chapter 46 &#8211; Joy Joy

I was the one who had brought Linda to my Goddess, and that had worked out well. Goddess Phyllis had a good laugh when I said that Linda was a dominant and Goddess Phyllis quickly had Linda on her knees before her and begging to eat her shit. Linda became Nurse Linda, but due to her inability to teach Goddess Phyllis how to squirt like Denise could, Nurse Linda became Dog Linda and was given to Chemaine as a birthday present. Yes, it did work out well.

I had another dominant friend who wanted to meet The Goddesses. Joy was her name and joy was what she delivered. A big-bellied short haired bbw who had dominated me many times and was really good. Joy loved to spank me with a dildo in my ass and she had good arm strength. She could leave my ass quite sore if she chose to, and she usually chose to. Joy had a large, lovely, wet and tasty cunt that I found irresistible, but then again, coming from the shit eating champ, what does that mean?

I crawled over to Goddess Phyllis and waited for her to acknowledge my presence. After kneeling there for about fifteen minutes (of course she knew I was there but to keep me waiting was part of her total domination), Goddess Phyllis asked me what I wanted. �Why do you approach your Goddess, shit boy?� she asked. �Goddess Phyllis,� I said with my head down; I was not worthy of eye contact unless expressly told to do so; �I have a large bodied domme friend who would like to make your acquaintance.� �Another one?� queried Goddess Phyllis. �Is this one as dominant as Linda is?� she laughed, especially with doggy Linda huddled in the corner still recovering from her electro-shock torture at the hands of Chemaine. �More so, Goddess Phyllis,� I said. �She is an interesting person and she loves spanking. She has a big belly and big ass.� Goddess Phyllis smiled and said �Bring her over. Tomorrow. I think I&#8217;ll have her met Elena.� I wondered what Goddess Phyllis had in mind.

Tomorrow finally arrived. Joy was thrilled when I told her that the introduction was arranged and planning to wear a special outfit. I told her not to really bother as she would meet Goddess Phyllis naked; clothing was an affront to Goddess Phyllis. Finally, seven o&#8217;clock. The doorbell. I opened the door to see Elena. Kneeling before her, I said �Welcome, Mistress Elena. Goddess Phyllis is expecting you.� I had to call everyone Mistress, except for the goddesses, of course. Elena undressed and ignored me, hurrying to see her Goddess. She entered Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s chamber and knelt before the three Goddesses all sitting in a row.

Another doorbell ringing. I open again and it is Joy. Looking large and in-charge. I thanked her for coming and reminded her to remove her clothing. She only had a dress on, so she was naked in two seconds. I escorted her to the Goddess&#8217; chamber. I heard her gasp as she got her first look at the three Goddesses: Goddess Rebecca, Goddess Chemaine, and the ultimate ruler, Goddess Phyllis. Joy knelt before them as I retreated to sit in the corner and await further instructions. 

�Stand up, Joy,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Joy stood up and put her hands on her hips. �Turn around slowly,� said Rebecca. Joy rotated slowly, one complete turn. �Turn around and spread your ass cheeks,� ordered Chemaine. Joy turned a half-turn, reached behind herself, leaned forward and spread her cheeks. She stayed like that for several minutes as the Goddesses whispered among themselves. Elena hadn&#8217;t taken her eyes off of Joy since she entered the room. �Elena and Joy,� said Goddess Phyllis, �We have decided that the two of you will make love before us, right now. Let us see how you interact. Start.�

This was interesting as Goddess Phyllis had not specified who was to domme who and what she meant by �interact� was really who would dominate who. The answer came quickly as the women embraced standing up until Joy picked up Elena and lay her down on the floor. Joy quickly sat on Elena&#8217;s face and ground her wet cunt in Elena&#8217;s mouth. Turning around, she presented Elena with her ass, and Elena was able to spread the cheeks and lick that huge ass. Joy was sucking Elena&#8217;s clit while inserting her entire hand up Elena&#8217;s ass. This brought Elena to the brink of a powerful orgasm, but Joy, demonstrating years of experience, stopped sucking the clit and slapped Elena in the face. She wiggled the hand in Elena&#8217;s ass and said �Do you want me to make you come?� Elena was trying to maintain control and establish her own dominance, but the hand in her ass wouldn&#8217;t let her. �Please make me come,� moaned Elena, against her better judgment. Joy smiled as she again smothered Elena&#8217;s face with her ass and sucked again on Elena&#8217;s throbbing clit. The orgasm took mere seconds to start but lasted for over a minute as Joy sucked everything out of Elena. The old cunt was bucking and thrashing and finally passed out. 

�Stand up, Joy,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Joy did and the Goddesses could see pussy juice dripping down Joy&#8217;s thighs. Goddess Phyllis walked over to Joy, placed her hand on Joy&#8217;s pussy, and squeezed it as she wrapped her arm around Joy&#8217;s neck and gave Joy a very hot kiss. In about two seconds, Joy was shaking in the throes of orgasm and it continued as Goddess Phyllis helped her back to a laying position.

Rebecca gave Elena a strap-on and the old cunt was able to get Joy on her hands and knees and begin fucking her. Joy enjoyed this immensely but knew that she needed to maintain dominance. She maneuvered the two of them so that Elena was now on her back and Joy was pumping herself up and down on the hard phallus. Joy lifted herself off and plumped her gooey ass again on Elena&#8217;s face. As Elena began sucking the ass that she had just fucked, Joy removed the strap-on from Elena and began fucking her with it. Joy was rapidly fucking Elena and lifted herself up off of Elena&#8217;s face so that she could let loose a stream of pee into Elena&#8217;s surprised and open mouth. Elena drank it all in as Joy proceeded to squeeze Elena&#8217;s clit, bringing her to another subservient orgasm. Joy was clearly too dominant for Elena to handle.

Joy clearly dominated Elena. Would there be a change in Elena&#8217;s group. Would The Goddesses give the group to Joy? Anything was possible, I thought, wishing I could jerk off. 










Chapter 47 &#8211; More Joy

The Goddesses were quite impressed with Joy&#8217;s relatively easy dominance over Elena. Goddess Phyllis solicited opinions from her darling daughters/wives. Goddess Rebecca spoke first. �Goddess Phyllis, I think Joy should take over Elena&#8217;s group, unless Elena can do something about it. And I don&#8217;t think she can.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Chemaine, what do you think?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Chemaine, �I agree. Joy is big and strong and experienced, and I think peeing in Elena&#8217;s mouth was the deciding factor.� �Well said, my little darling,� beamed Goddess Phyllis. �I agree, too.�

�Stand up, Elena!� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Joy was already standing in front of the Goddesses, her wet pussy dripping down her thighs. Joy needed another orgasm, but she was savvy enough to know her place. Elena stood before the Goddesses. Goddess Phyllis looked at her. �I am somewhat disappointed, Elena,� said Goddess Phyllis. �I thought I trained you better than that.� �You did, Goddess Phyllis,� wept Elena. �I couldn&#8217;t handle the size and strength of this lady.� �That was obvious,� chuckled Goddess Rebecca. �I think that Elena needs to lick Joy&#8217;s cunt.� added Goddess Chemaine. Goddess Phyllis snapped her fingers and Elena crawled over to Joy. Joy spread her legs and Elena got her head between those large thighs and started licking the wetness from them. �Don&#8217;t lick my thighs, you old cunt,� said Joy. �Lick my pussy!� With that, Joy grabbed Elena by the head and pulled her face hard into her cunt. The Goddesses were chuckling aloud at the old cunt remark. That was a line they had all used many times. Elena was dutifully sucking on Joy&#8217;s cunt lips and then her clit. Joy was super hot and came faster than she wanted to, but it felt so good. The old bitch knew how to eat cunt, that was certain.

Goddess Phyllis ordered Elena to call all of her girls over. This would include tall, lovely Theresa, big Erin, and another old cunt Leigh, the headmistress of Chemaine&#8217;s school. Goddess Phyllis had ordered Elena to expand her group and had enlisted the aid of big Ellie to get some new talent. But Goddess Phyllis figured to put that on hold as Joy would get her own girls to add to this diverse group. Elena made the phone call, and the girls arrived in about fifteen minutes. When they entered, they were a bit taken aback. Their leader was on her knees with her faced buried in a stranger&#8217;s large ass. �Girls,� said Goddess Phyllis, �I want you to meet your new leader, Joy.� Joy looked at her new girls. First impressions were important, and Joy realized the monumental opportunity that was now within her grasp. She reached behind her and pulled Elena out of her ass by her short, gray hair. Holding Elena like this, Joy said �On your knees, bitches.� The three shocked ladies immediately complied. Sitting down on the waiting chair, Joy put her legs over the arms and motioned to Theresa. �Come here and suck my pussy, and tell me your name.� �I&#8217;m Theresa, Mistress Joy,� said Theresa in a most respectful tone as she lowered her head to this large, shaved pussy in front of her. She stuck out her tongue as Joy brusquely pulled her head forward smack into her sopping wet pussy. Theresa sucked and licked as best as she could, and she was pleasing Joy. After some ten minutes of licking, Joy came, nice and wet, and Theresa licked up every drop.

�You&#8217;re a good girl, Theresa, and a good cunt eater,� said Joy. She looked at Erin. �Cmere, big girl. What is your name?� Erin came forward and stated her name. �Eat me,� said Joy, and eat her Erin did. Erin was turned on by the size of this woman; Joy was even larger than herself. Erin gave Joy a good sucking and Joy was glad to have another orgasm. She allowed Erin to lick her very dry. �Now who is this other old fuck?� asked Joy. Leigh came forward and said, �I am Leigh and I am here to serve you, Mistress Joy.� �Damn right, you are,� said Joy. �Elena, on your knees in front of me. Leigh, stick your fist up her ass.� Leigh went behind her former mistress and inserted first a couple of fingers but quickly got her whole hand up Elena&#8217;s ass. �Now, from one old cunt to another, fist-fuck that ass, and do it hard or you&#8217;ll make me angry. And you do NOT want to do that,� said Joy. Leigh fist fucked Elena as hard as she could. Elena had a large hole from her time on the fucking machine, and Leigh took advantage of this and got both fists in that old asshole. She fucked Elena hard, shaking her around, until Elena exploded in orgasm and then passed out as Leigh withdrew her fists. �Masturbate yourself, Leigh� ordered Joy. Leigh got her hand between her legs as quickly as possible and came in a minute.

Joy was in command of this new group. Joy was the mistress with her cunts Elena, Theresa, Erin and Leigh. Goddess Phyllis was pleased with this new arrangement. Rebecca had an itch between her legs. She wanted to give Joy a flying bungee fuck and asked Goddess Phyllis if she could. Goddess Phyllis rarely said no to Becca, so she ordered Joy to get on all fours on the bed. Rebecca attached the t-strap handles to Joy and wrapped the bungee waist band around herself. The dildo she selected was not huge but appropriate to Joy&#8217;s hole. Rebecca began fucking Joy&#8217;s ass as she grabbed the handles and got ready. As she withdrew from Joy&#8217;s ass, Rebecca pushed off the bed and soared up over it and pulled herself back toward Joy&#8217;s hole. Wham. The dildo, a long but not too wide dildo, went all the way up Joy&#8217;s ass, causing her to moan in pleasure. Rebecca was getting her rhythm now and was flying higher with each pull out and ramming the rubber cock into Joy&#8217;s ass harder each time. Joy had to go down on her large belly after the last penetration, and Rebecca kept going, pounding that ass. Rebecca grabbed the rolls of fat on each side of Joy&#8217;s waist and held on to those as she rammed in and out of Joy&#8217;s ass. �Rebecca, stop for now,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Chemaine, would you like to give her the Goddess Chemaine double fist ass punch?� Chemaine giggled as she ran toward the large woman with the now large asshole, courtesy of Rebecca, and punched Joy right in the ass hole, getting her fist all the way in on the first try. She pulled that fist out and punched with the other fist, also getting that all the way in. Now she started punching the hell out of Joy&#8217;s rapidly expanding asshole, left, right, left, right, until Joy let out a scream, shot some fluid out of her cunt, and passed out.

Chemaine sat back as Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca suckled upon her hormone assisted milk filled tits. Nothing in the world was more delicious.











Chapter 48 &#8211; Elly Proposes to Dawn

Marriage was a sacred proposition, even to Goddess Phyllis. Besides her marriage to Rebecca and Chemaine, the only other marriage that existed was between big, beautiful OZ and the Brazilian beauty Jessica. Now, Elly has requested a meeting with Goddess Phyllis to discuss marrying Dawn.

Elly had come to be quite smitten with Dawn over the past months. Dawn was a quick learner and developed into a top notch pussy sucker. She also has a great, tasty pussy and tasty ass, and Elly felt like she was in love. Dawn was totally smitten with Elly; that wasn&#8217;t even a question.

Elly approached Goddess Phyllis who had Goddess Rebecca on her right and Goddess Chemaine on her left. She kneeled and thanked Goddess Phyllis for allowing her to speak. �What is it you wish to say, fatty?� asked Goddess Phyllis. The fatty comment caused Rebecca and Chemaine to laugh and made Elly smile. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Elly, �I would like your permission to marry my Dawn. We love each other very much.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Did you propose to Dawn?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Sort of, Goddess Phyllis� said Elly. �We discussed it.�&nbsp; �I think there should be a formal proposal,� said Goddess Rebecca. �Me too,� added Goddess Chemaine. �Well, the girls have spoken. Get Dawn over here now and propose properly. I will loan you a ring,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Oh, Goddess Phyllis, does this mean you approve the marriage?� �No it doesn&#8217;t, fat thighs, it means I want you to worry that I may still say no.�

While Elly went to another room to call Dawn, the three Goddesses spoke to each other. Goddess Phyllis had a plan. �Listen babies,� she said, �I think that Dawn would be a good addition to our cunts-in-waiting. She would be number nine, and Geena makes ten if we count her. We deserve that many girls, don&#8217;t we?� Both Chemaine and Rebecca agreed. �If Elly wants to marry her, she must be good. Elly has more experience sucking pussy and making lesbians than just about anyone.� Goddess Phyllis continued. �There is another reason, too. There&#8217;s a girl, Susan, who you know most recently as slave to Oz and Jessica. Susan used to be so totally in love with Elly that it became a psychosis. She would totally go to pieces when Elly was not in eyesight of her. It reached a point where my mommy, who was in charge at that time, convinced Elly that the best thing was to give up Susan so that she could possibly have a normal life.� The younger girls sucked this up. Goddess Phyllis went on. �Susan bounced around all these years, spending some time with my mommy when she was hooked up with Seka, spending time with Oz as I mentioned, and always around my vicinity since she was so submissive and one other thing. With Elly, Susan would orgasm merely by hugging or being touched by the big woman. Twenty, thirty orgasms without her cunt even being touched. Elly would hug her, and the orgasm would start. If Elly put her mouth there and a finger in the ass, Susan would come for hours, non-stop. Truly multi-orgasmic.�

Rebecca though she had it. �Goddess Mommy, are you going to have Elly propose to Dawn, watch Dawn accept, and then tell them no and that you&#8217;re taking Dawn away from Elly and keeping her for your cunts-in-waiting?� Goddess Phyllis laughed. �You are smart, Rebecca. That&#8217;s exactly what I&#8217;m going to do.� �That is great,� said Chemaine. Anything mean or cruel turned Chemaine on.

Elly reentered the room. �Dawn will be here in a few minutes,� she said. �Good, Elly,� said Goddess Phyllis. �I have a guest who wants to watch the engagement. Susan, come in here,� said Goddess Phyllis. Couldn&#8217;t be, thought Elly, but it was. Her Susan, the girl who would come in her arms all the time. Susan stood next to Goddess Phyllis and looked at Elly. Susan rarely smiled, but she was wearing a pair of gray panties and Elly could see how wet she was. After brief eye contact, Susan lowered her head.

Dawn entered, all excited about what she though was going to be a marriage proposal. And it was. Goddess Phyllis had Elly and Dawn kneel before her. Rebecca and Chemaine were on either side of Goddess Phyllis, and Susan was off to a corner. �What do you want to ask me, oh large one?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I would like your permission to marry Dawn. We love each other very much.� Goddess Phyllis looked at Dawn. �Is this true,� She asked. Dawn had tears coming down her face and said, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, it is very true.� Oh, how touching,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Beautiful. And here is my decision. No marriage!� Elly and Dawn were stunned. Goddess Phyllis continued. And in addition to that, I am taking Dawn from you, Elly, and keeping her as one of my cunts-in-waiting. She will be trained to serve me.�

Dawn and Elly were both sobbing, and this made Goddess Phyllis walk over to them and smack them each in the face. �Shut your mouths, you cunts, you are in the presence of Goddesses and will do as you are told. Geena, come in here.� Geena, the trainer and new leader of the cunts-in-waiting, came in. �Geena, take Dawn in the back and introduce her to my girls. Have her taste all of their pussies and asses. Begin her anal treatment. In an hour, she won&#8217;t even remember who Elly was.

As Geena led Dawn away, Goddess Phyllis signaled for Susan to come forward. She stood in front of Elly. Elly stood up and took Susan in her arms. As they kissed, Susan began to tremble and was soon having a strong orgasm. A long one, also. Some things never changed. Susan was still so in love with this behemoth of a woman that she could come just from an embrace.

Goddess Phyllis plan worked perfectly. Elly was content with her old lover back, and the cunts-in-waiting had a new playmate.










Chapter 49 &#8211; Ellie and Susan

The preceding chapter misspelled Ellie as Elly. Sorry about that, but only Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy is Elly. The four hundred pound pussy sucking magician was and is Ellie. And now reunited with Susan.

The first thing Ellie did was to introduce Susan to her girls. There were Isabel and Viola, two straight girls when they met Ellie but were seduced by the big one. Ellie wanted them to be lovers, so she had them bury their heads between each other&#8217;s legs and tied them that way. Ellie left them like that for three days. There was little the two of them could do other than eat each other&#8217;s pussies, and soon, when they had to pee, they would drink that. After a day, they had to poop, so they pooped where they lay and through some rolling and reaching, they were able to eat some of their shit. They were lovers ever since. There was MaryBeth and Kathy. MaryBeth was new; Ellie had dumped a girl she grew tired of and brought in this six foot black woman with a hot pussy and wonderful tongue. MaryBeth was quite gay and needed no seducing, and was very skilled with a strap-on. Ellie had her pound the ass of her partner, Kathy, a well built dike. There was little Jessica, a hottie that was one of Ellie&#8217;s seductions. She was only five feet two but she packed a hot little body. She was now coupled with Jane. Jane, a laconic silver haired pretty girl, had spent the last six months as Ellie&#8217;s personal licker. She spent all day, whenever possible, licking Ellie from head to toe, a never ending tongue bath. Of course, she was Ellie&#8217;s toilet, loving the piss and shit from her master. The final couple was two athletic girls, Mary Kate and Erika. Both were very well built with smallish tits but lovely asses. Ellie had them spend much time expanding their assholes.

Susan looked at this collection of cunts and felt a little jealous. She always wanted Ellie for herself. Ellie could sense this and put an arm around Susan. With a little squeeze, Ellie made Susan come in front of all of the girls. �Ladies, this is Susan, the orgasm machine. She comes merely from my touch, of if she touches me, or many times even just being near me. When we first met, she came thirty times in an hour without even my mouth getting near her pussy. Mostly it was just having her head near my panty clad pussy. None of you will touch her or her you. But she will eat your shit. Susan is great at that and I think that with a little practice, she could maybe beat shitboy. Wouldn&#8217;t that be great?� All of the girls agreed.

Ellie took Susan into her bedroom and lay down on the bed. Susan lies on top of Ellie and felt those powerful arms hugging her. Susan almost immediately came, a powerful orgasm. The girls kissed, tongues exploring each other&#8217;s mouths, and Susan came again. Ellie moved Susan&#8217;s head to her tit and had Susan suck the big nipple. Susan came again. Ellie pushed her head toward her big belly and bade Susan to lick her navel. She did and came again. The fact that she was getting nearer to Ellie&#8217;s pussy made Susan come yet again. �Go down there, Susan,� said Ellie. These were the first words spoken since they were in bed. Susan got her head by Ellie&#8217;s crotch and saw that Ellie&#8217;s panties were wet. The sight of this made her come. Susan got her face near that big wet area and came again. When Susan actually pressed her lips to Ellie&#8217;s wet panties, she had a really strong orgasm. Ellie had lost count of how many times Susan had come already (it was eight). Ellie allowed Susan to kiss and suck her through the panties until she came many more times. 

Now Ellie needed to come. �Susan, take off my panties,� ordered the master. As Susan pulled the panties down Ellie&#8217;s enormous waist and over those huge thighs, she came again. �Lick me darling. Make me come.� Hearing Ellie utter those words made Susan come again. She could not control herself and drove her face hard into Ellie&#8217;s crotch, tongue sticking out and sliding up Ellie&#8217;s hole. Susan tongue fucked her master and sucked on the outer cunt lips, slurping up the delicious wetness and having many orgasms. Ellie put her hands on the back of Susan&#8217;s head and said �Suck the clit, baby.� Hearing this made Susan come as she licked Ellie&#8217;s throbbing clit and then sucked it. Susan knew what the big girl liked and her skilled mouth brought Ellie to a great big powerful orgasm. Of course, Susan kept sucking and swallowing everything that came out of Ellie&#8217;s cunt until the big girl stopped coming. As this was happening, Susan came twice. 

Now it was time to lick Susan. Ellie wasted no time in taking Susan&#8217;s pussy in her mouth and sucking the entire apparatus as a whole. As Ellie headed for the clit, she put two fingers in Susan&#8217;s ass. Ellie sucked the clit easy at first, then hard, and put a third and fourth finger in Susan&#8217;s ass. This was more than Susan could bear and she had an orgasm that caused her entire body to quiver and shake violently. The orgasm lasted as long as Ellie sucked Susan&#8217;s clit. After who knows how long, Ellie stopped sucking; Susan stopped orgasming and passed out. Ellie smiled.











Chapter 50 &#8211; Lisa and Brianna

I am proud to say that it was my tips that led to the addition of doggy Linda (came in as Nurse Linda) and new group leader Joy, who took Elena&#8217;s group right away from her. I had another recommendation and crawled over to Goddess Phyllis to tell her. As usual, She ignored me for about fifteen minutes while she suckled on Chemaine&#8217;s tit. Finally, She said �What do you want to say, shitboy?� �Goddess Phyllis,� I said meekly, �I know of a black mother &#8211; daughter couple. The mom has an ass as big as Mistress Oz if not even bigger. Her daughter is thirteen and is tall, about 5&#8217;6�, and shapely.� Goddess Phyllis looked at me and then turned to her girls. �What do you think, Rebecca?� �I&#8217;d like to go investigate,� said Rebecca. �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Take Chemaine with you. Two of them, two of you.� Chemaine giggled. �I&#8217;ll do the daughter with my strap-on and Rebecca can fuck the shit out of that big, fat ass.� �Just what I had in mind, babies,� said Goddess Phyllis proudly.

Rebecca and Chemaine stood at the residence of the two potential followers of Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca rang the bell and the door was answered by the mom, Lisa. Rebecca looked her over. Damn, she thought, shitboy was right-on about her ass. It was huge, bigger than Oz even. �Hi, I&#8217;m Rebecca, and this is my sister and wife Chemaine.� �What can I do for you,� asked Lisa, puzzling over the sister-wife comment. �Well, you can invite us in for starts. I&#8217;m new around here and there are not many of us African-American women in this are.� Lisa smiled. �Sure, come in,� she said. Rebecca gave Chemaine a look that said that this would be easy.

Lisa was about 5&#8217;4� and had to weigh 350, with about half of that being her ass. Her ass was so big that had difficulty wiping herself and most of the time had her daughter wipe her. Brianna had been wiping her mother&#8217;s ass since she was a little girl. She was so used to it that it became second nature. Even erotic, now that she had hit puberty. Brianna was into masturbating, and so was Lisa. Too bad they never spoke about it or they could have been lovers. Well, now they will be.

Rebecca sat down on the couch and said, �Chemaine, why don&#8217;t you and Brianna go in her room and play?� She flashed Chemaine a quick wink. Chemaine smiled. �C&#8217;mon, Brianna, show me your stuff.� This made Rebecca chuckle. Lisa may have thought she meant toys and stuff, but Becca knew that Chemaine meant that fine body. Off they went. Lisa was going to sit on a chair, but Rebecca patted the seat on the couch next to her. �Come, sit next to me, Lisa,� said Rebecca. Not knowing why or even thinking about it, Lisa did as Rebecca told her to do. �You have some huge ass, Lisa,� said Rebecca. Lisa was a bit taken aback by this. �Yes, I guess that&#8217;s obvious,� said Lisa. �I don&#8217;t think it&#8217;s nice of you to say that.� Rebecca grinned. �Who said I was nice? I am truthful, though, and you are pretty.� Now Lisa grinned. �Thank you, Rebecca,� she said. �Lisa, let me ask you a question and answer me honestly,� said Rebecca. �Do you not get laid a lot because of your fat ass? Do you have trouble getting dates?� Lisa blushed. �Rebecca,� she replied, �I haven&#8217;t had sex in about a year.� Rebecca smiled. �Do you masturbate a lot?� asked the twenty-two year old beauty. �Yes, I guess so,� said Lisa. With the grace of a cat, Rebecca moved onto Lisa&#8217;s lap and, putting a hand on Lisa&#8217;s cheeks, gave the woman a smoldering, open mouth kiss that was long and hard. Lisa was non-responsive at first but quickly got hot and quickly was kissing Rebecca back as hard as Rebecca was kissing her. �Is your pussy getting wet?� asked Rebecca. Lisa blushed but had to admit the truth. She was soaked from that kiss and was sure her pants were wet. �Yes, Rebecca, I am soaked.� �Take you pants off,� commanded Rebecca. Lisa looked at her but could not say anything. She felt like she had to do what this young woman told her. �What about the girls?� asked Lisa. �Don&#8217;t worry,� said Rebecca, �if I know Chemaine, and I do, she&#8217;s probably fucking Brianna&#8217;s ass already, like I&#8217;m going to do to you. Now get those pants off!�

Actually, Brianna had not yet been fucked in the ass. She did have Chemaine&#8217;s tasty pussy in her mouth as the girls ate each other&#8217;s pussies to several quick orgasms. Brianna was hot and horny and Chemaine took advantage of that. As soon as they had entered the room, Chemaine grabbed Brianna and began kissing her. Without hesitation, Brianna was kissing back and this soon led to getting naked. Chemaine buried her head in Brianna&#8217;s hairless pussy and gave her the kind of sucking that would drive anyone wild. Brianna had the orgasm of her life. �Do to my pussy what I did to yours,� said Chemaine. Brianna practically dove between Chemaine&#8217;s creamy thighs and started sucking the wetness from Chemaine&#8217;s pussy. Brianna liked the taste. She had tasted her own juices and enjoyed it, but this was even better. Brianna nibbled Chemaine&#8217;s cunt lips and gently sucked Chemaine&#8217;s clit, just like Chemaine had done to her. This made Chemaine come, and it was a good orgasm. This girl definitely has potential, thought Chemaine. Now, she wanted to fuck this little girl&#8217;s shapely ass. Chemaine imagined Rebecca fucking that huge ass of Brianna&#8217;s mom and got very wet as she attached the strap-on to her waist.

As soon as Lisa got her pants and panties off, Rebecca grabbed Lisa&#8217;s cunt and squeezed. She kept this up, this squeezing motion, and Lisa was really responding. Her juices flowed over Rebecca&#8217;s hand. This was what Rebecca wanted. She whispered in Lisa&#8217;s ear �Get on your knees and lean over the couch.� Lisa turned around as Rebecca got out her strap-on harness and a long dildo. She usually didn&#8217;t use this one, but needed it to get past the layers of fat.&nbsp; With lightning fast speed, the speed acquired from countless hours of fucking girls in the ass, Rebecca wet the head of the dildo with Lisa&#8217;s cunt juice and plunged it into Lisa&#8217;s tight hole. Lisa moaned but offered no resistance. Rebecca began the in-out motion and kept going faster and faster. Soon, she was pumping rapidly as Lisa just kept moaning and groaning. She had never been fucked in the ass before, but it was making her hotter than she had ever been before. And how could this slender girl fuck her so hard? Suddenly, Rebecca plunged in and stayed. She reached around Lisa and was able to reach Lisa&#8217;s clit. As soon as she touched it, Lisa exploded, dripping cunt juice all over the couch, her thighs, and Rebecca&#8217;s hand. �The sow is mine,� thought Rebecca.

Next: Brianna meets the dildo










Chapter 51 &#8211; Brianna and Lisa

Chemaine had Brianna lean over the back of a chair. �Brianna, I&#8217;m going to fuck you in the ass. I love doing that to girls. Have you had anything in your ass before?� �Only my fingers, Chemaine,� said Brianna. Chemaine thought about smacking the young thirteen year-old for not calling her Goddess, but how would Brianna know? All in due time. Chemaine stroked and patted Brianna&#8217;s lovely ass. �Brianna,� said Chemaine, �it gives me a sense of power fucking girls&#8217; asses. You&#8217;re the first girl I&#8217;ve fucked who is younger than me. I can&#8217;t wait.� �Me either,� said Brianna. �Look at my asshole,� said Chemaine, turning around and spreading her cheeks. Brianna let out an �Ooh� at the sight of Chemaine&#8217;s rather large hole. She had seen her mother&#8217;s hold countless times, and even though her mommy&#8217;s ass was enormous, the hole was tiny compared to this. �How come it is so big?� asked Brianna. �Because I&#8217;ve been fucked in there quite a lot, usually several times a day,� explained Chemaine. �Oh, please fuck me, Chemaine,� pleaded the thirteen year old. Chemaine tightened the harness and put her hands on Brianna&#8217;s waist.

Chemaine spread Brianna&#8217;s cheeks and began licking her hole. It tasted delicious, and Chemaine licked it for several minutes. This was making Brianna&#8217;s little pussy very wet. Chemaine lined the head of the normal sized dildo against Brianna&#8217;s ass and pushed. She pushed it half way in and pulled it out. Chemaine pushed it all the way in the second time and pulled it out very slowly. She could hear Brianna purring like a kitten. Chemaine could see Brianna&#8217;s face in the dresser mirror, and the young girl had her eyes closed and a big smile on her face. She was digging this. Chemaine picked up the tempo and quickly reached a rapid speed. Brianna was meeting Chemaine&#8217;s thrusts by pushing back, making the screwing even more intense. The pounding went on for five, then ten minutes. Chemaine was nearing orgasm and she thought that Brianna already had a couple. �Brianna, did you come? Did you orgasm?� �Yeah, twice. Oh Chemaine, I love what you&#8217;re doing to me. I love you too!� Chemaine kept fucking her and said �I love you too, baby.� Chemaine plunged in one hard, last time, unstrapped the harness, leaving the dildo buried in Brianna&#8217;s ass, and lay on the couch. �Eat my pussy, Brianna,� ordered Goddess Chemaine. Brianna turned to her right and buried her face in that sopping wet heavenly pussy. Brianna licked and sucked on the clit and inserted her tongue as far as she could. Chemaine grabbed the back of Brianna&#8217;s head, squeezed her thighs around the girl&#8217;s head and let loose with a great, wet orgasm. Brianna sucked up every drop.

Outside, Rebecca was once again pumping in and out of that massive ass after giving Lisa the best orgasm of her life. Rebecca was extremely hot and wet. This ass was turning her on so much. She kept thinking how great it would be to get Lisa in the palace of Goddess Phyllis and get her on the bed for a bungee fuck. And the Chemaine double-fist ass punch would be nice, too.

Suddenly, the door to Brianna&#8217;s bedroom opened and the two girls came out. Chemaine, the fifteen year-old goddess with the 38DDD tits that were full of milk, and Brianna, the thirteen year-old who had just had her first ass fucking and the best orgasm ever. They were mesmerized by the sight of slender, little Goddess Rebecca fucking the shit out of what was certainly the biggest ass ever. Rebecca turned and saw them, as did Lisa. �How does you mommy look, Brianna,� asked Rebecca. �She looks like she is enjoying herself a lot,� answered Brianna. �She is,� replied Rebecca. �Would you like to take over so that I can have Chemaine suck me? I need an orgasm really bad.� �Can I suck you, Rebecca?� asked Brianna. Rebecca smiled. �Eventually, baby,� she said, �but I want to see you fucking your mother first.� Rebecca pulled out of Lisa&#8217;s massive ass, took off the strap-on and gave it to Brianna. Brianna held it and looked at it and looked at her mommy. A big grin enveloped her face as Chemaine assisted her with putting it on.

Lisa, for her part, was in a daze. She had trouble comprehending how these two young girls were knocking on her door just about, how long was it, an hour ago? And now she was going to be fucked in the ass by her daughter. And the thought of this made her pussy get all wet. Brianna put the head of the dildo on the hole that she had wiped so many times and plunged in. Just as Chemaine had done to her, Brianna started slowly and gradually picked up the pace until she was moving with great rapidity. �Chemaine, I think Brianna is a natural,� said Rebecca. �She is,� agreed Chemaine. �You should have seen how much she loved getting fucked in the ass by me. It made her come.� Rebecca lies on the couch and spread her legs. Chemaine kneeled before her wife and sister&#8217;s fantastic pussy and buried her face in it. Rebecca came quickly and continually for a solid five minutes. No one knew her cunt better than Chemaine.

In and out, in and out went Brianna, fucking her mother with an intensity that surprised even Rebecca and Chemaine. Rebecca could see that Lisa&#8217;s hole was much bigger than it was an hour ago. �Brianna, stop that now and do what I tell you.� Brianna stopped and looked at Rebecca. �Make a fist,� ordered Rebecca. Brianna did. �Now, punch you mommy in the ass. Chemaine, show her how.� Chemaine walked over behind that monster ass, made a fist and plunged it deep into Lisa&#8217;s anal opening. She pulled it out and repeated the motion with her other fist. The Chemaine double fist ass punch. �Now you, Brianna,� said Chemaine. Brianna punched her mother&#8217;s ass and delighted in the feeling of her fist going way up her mom&#8217;s innards. She pulled out and repeated with the other fist, and began a delightful ass punching. This hurt much more than a straight fucking and Lisa was groaning. This turned all of them on. �Brianna, try to put both fists up you mommy&#8217;s ass at the same time,� said Rebecca. Brianna had her left fist inside her mother already. She worked the right one in, a couple of fingers at a time, until she had both fists inside that huge ass. �Now, pull them out together and back in together,� ordered Chemaine. It took effort, but Brianna was able to double fist-fuck her mother. She had both arms deep in her mother&#8217;s ass and was shaking up and down as per the Goddesses&#8217; instruction. Lisa could not take it anymore and passed out. �Brianna, you and your mom are coming with us to meet Goddess Phyllis,� said Rebecca.










Chapter 52 &#8211; Goddess Phyllis accepts Brianna and Lisa

Rebecca could only wonder if Goddess Phyllis would be pleased by these two new girls. There was no reason why Goddess Phyllis wouldn&#8217;t. They were mother and daughter, they were unique for the group as Lisa and her 32 inch wide ass (her waist was 54), and Brianna would be the youngest at thirteen. They were light skinned black women which were a definite preference of Goddess Phyllis, and they were new meat. That was the best part. Goddess Phyllis loved new meat.

Who would get them? As Rebecca and Chemaine approached Goddess Phyllis, who was sitting on her throne with Mommy Elly licking her pussy, that thought entered Rebecca&#8217;s head. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Rebecca, �I present to you mommy Lisa and thirteen-year old Brianna. Chemaine seduced them, which was rather easy, and we gave them good ass fuckings. We also had Brianna giving her mommy a vigorous ass pounding. She was digging it.� Goddess Phyllis looked at the kneeling mother and daughter. Cute, she though, about the young Brianna. Tall, shapely and with the beginnings of a plump ass. And Lisa. God! Goddess Phyllis had yet to see an ass larger than wrestling powerhouse and wife of Brazilian beauty Jessica, Oz, but this ass was bigger.

�Lisa, stand up and present you ass to me. Pull the cheeks as far apart as possible,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Lisa stood and was slapped in the face by Chemaine. �Lisa,� said Chemaine with a smile on her face, �you are to address us as Goddesses. Our supreme ruler is Goddess Phyllis and Goddess Rebecca and I are Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s daughters as well as wives.�&nbsp; �Yes, Goddess Chemaine, yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Lisa. She reached behind her as far as possible and pulled her ass cheeks as wide as she could. Goddess Phyllis could see that her hole was freshly fucked. As a virgin hole, it was still swollen and irritated. �Well fucked,� commended Goddess Phyllis. �Brianna, let&#8217;s check you out.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Brianna. Good, thought Rebecca, she is a quick learner. Brianna presented her ass to Goddess Phyllis. �Lovely, Brianna,� said Goddess Phyllis in a loving manner. �Did you like being fucked in the ass?� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied Brianna. �I loved the way it felt.� �Good girl,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis looked at the two newbies and her darling daughters/wives. �We have some prime meat here,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Who should get them? Hmm�.� Goddess Phyllis&nbsp; thought. �I think it will either be big Joy or the always big assed Dotty. And the decision will be made by a wrestling match. Rebecca, get them here now!� Rebecca rushed to the phone with a big smile on her face, saying �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� on the way. �Wow, great idea mommy,� said Goddess Chemaine. �Thanks, baby,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Joy and Dotty arrived into the queen&#8217;s chambers. Dotty, as you know, was a big-bellied dominant lady, big all around and the new leader of the group formerly belonging to Elena. Dottie, possessor of the second largest asshole (Chemaine&#8217;s biological mommy Rhonda, was the remarkable number one), was a large woman with a nice, big black butt. Dottie was strong, as was Joy. Goddess Phyllis stood. �Joy, Dottie, these two lovely ladies are Lisa and her daughter Brianna. They are new to our group and will need much as fucking as well as work on pussy sucking. Both will go to one of you. You will have a wrestling match right now, right here, to determine who gets them.� Dotty and Joy looked at each other. Joy smiled, thinking that her size gave her an advantage over Dotty, as well as her wrestling experience. But Dotty also smiled. Ever since getting her own group of girls and maintaining the second biggest asshole, she was working out with weights daily and had become very strong. And she knew how to fight. Dotty was confident.

The two ladies squared off in front of Goddess Phyllis, Goddess Rebecca, Goddess Chemaine and Brianna and Lisa. Dotty moved around the hulking girth of Joy and was able to sneak in a face slap. Joy was angered and charged Dotty, but Dotty was able to sidestep the bullish charge and take Joy down with a leg lock. With Joy on her belly and Dotty with Joy&#8217;s right leg locked between her own, Dotty pulled Joy&#8217;s head back with a chin lock. Dotty held Joy&#8217;s head with her left hand under the chin and began punching Joy in the face with her right. Dotty was raining several hard shots to Joy&#8217;s face, and soon had Joy bleeding out of her nose and mouth. Moving swiftly and gracefully for a large woman, Dotty released the leg lock, came around in front of Joy and dropped a knee in her face. This was followed by a kick to that big belly of Joy, causing Joy to roll onto her back. Dotty sat on Joy&#8217;s face with her knees pinning Joy&#8217;s shoulders, facing Joy&#8217;s belly. Dotty dug her fingers into that big belly, deeper and deeper and squeezing as she did this. Joy was writhing in pain, but her cries were being muffled by Dotty&#8217;s ass. Dotty raised herself on her knees and dropped down hard on Joy&#8217;s face. Dotty dug her fingers even harder and deeper as she was squeezing Joy&#8217;s stomach and other internal organs. Dotty stopped and stood up. �Get up,� sneered Dotty. Joy rolled onto her knees and tried to get to her feet, but her efforts were met by a left to the head from Dotty. As Joy fell back down, Dotty squatted over Joy&#8217;s face and started peeing on it. Joy could do nothing to stop the stream; she was in a lot of pain and knew that it was over. Dotty finally finished her pee and told Joy to lick her pussy as she sat on her face. Joy&#8217;s tongue did its job and Joy was enjoying it. Her pussy was getting wet, even though her stomach hurt like hell. Dotty stood up and looked at Goddess Phyllis. �I pronounce Dotty as the winner and as such, Lisa and Brianna will go to Dotty. �Thank you Goddess Phyllis said Dotty, as did Lisa and Brianna. 

Goddess Phyllis had Lisa sign a legal document relinquishing her parental right to Brianna, and Dotty became Brianna&#8217;s adoptive mommy, as Goddess Phyllis had done with Chemaine and her birth mommy Rhonda. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Dotty, �I thank you for the privilege of fighting for these two girls and I promise you that I will fuck their asses and teach them to worship the pussy. I will make you proud of me.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Yes, I&#8217;m sure you will.�










Chapter 53 &#8211; Small and On Fire

Before Dotty got to take her new girls back home, Goddess Rebecca had to satisfy an itch in her pussy. This itch came from fucking that wonderfully enormous ass and thinking how she wanted to bungee fuck it. Ram it in coming down from three feet high, maybe more. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Becca, �I really want to Bungee Fuck Lisa. The thought is making my pussy all wet.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Then fuck her till your hearts content,� said Goddess Phyllis. Rebecca looked at Dotty, who had been on the receiving end of the bungee fuck two times. �Dotty, get Lisa on the bed and put the shoulder straps on her.� �Yes, Goddess Rebecca,� replied Dotty as she took Lisa by the hand and led her to the bed. Rebecca, meanwhile, picked out a good sized dildo and attached it to her strap-on harness. Chemaine was licking her chops at the thought of watching her wife/sister put on a show.

And it was a show. To see the ninety pound beauty flying down through the air on a bungee cord, using the straps that the victim wore on her shoulders, and burying that rubber cock in that huge ass, was incredible. Rebecca used a combination of hard and fast fucking and taking off into the air on the bungee cord, each time going a little higher and coming into Lisa&#8217;s ass a little harder. Tears were streaming from Lisa; she was probably the most inexperienced person to receive a bungee fuck but she was taking it well. What else could she do? After about fifteen minutes, Lisa was fucked into unconsciousness.

Dotty left with her new daughter Brianna and a barely able to walk Lisa, leaving the three Goddesses alone (I was there, but that doesn&#8217;t count.). Chemaine had sucked Rebecca to a delicious orgasm as Goddess Phyllis was sucking Chemaine and Rebecca was sucking Goddess Phyllis. Nothing beats a good old daisy chain. Once the Goddesses were all satisfied, I crawled over. As usual, Goddess Phyllis ignored me for about ten minutes before looking down at me. �Yes, shitboy?� she said. �Goddess Phyllis, I have another recommendation to make, if you allow me,� I humbly said. Since I had recommended dog Linda and Joy, along with telling Rebecca about Lisa and Brianna, my opinion was worth a bit more now. I was still a shit eating slave to these women (and many others, as They deemed fit) but I was on the mark so far. �Tell me more,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, I know a woman, my age (late fifties) who is a real hotty. Loves to orgasm and be sucked but also is a great pussy eater. When we were involved in the years before I began my servitude to you, I would watch her suck a lot of pussy, and she made those women come like bastards. Every time. Nancy is her name. She would make me lick all the girls&#8217; asses to get them hot, and she would finish them off. I would occasionally feel her mouth sucking my cock and I would come in not time.� Goddess Phyllis looked at me. �What does this Nancy look like? I continued. She has a pretty, round face and a nice flabby body. The best part is she is only for foot eleven, so she is like Goddess Chemaine&#8217;s size but forty years older.� �Get her here,� ordered Goddess Phyllis.

I went to the phone and called Nancy. As usual, she was masturbating. I explained what had just transpired and I could here her orgasm on the phone. �Thank you Michael,� she said. I can be there in fifteen minutes.�

About fourteen minutes later, the doorbell rang. It was Nancy. She looked at me since I was on all fours. �Stand up so I can kiss you,� she said. �I can&#8217;t, Nancy. This is the home of Goddess Phyllis and I am her shitboy. I am required to stay on all fours unless otherwise instructed. Now please strip naked so that I can bring you to the Goddesses. Nancy looked at me a little puzzled, but she loved being naked anyway, so she took off what little she was wearing. I could see that her panties have a nice wet spot in the middle. �Follow me, please,� I said.

We entered Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s chambers, and I went to my position by the wall to await further orders. Before crawling away, I had told Nancy to get on her knees before the three Goddesses, and she did. �Arise,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Turn around, bend over, and spread your ass. Nancy complied immediately and could feel all eyes upon her. �Rebecca,� said Goddess Phyllis, �go feel her asshole.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� replied Becca as she hopped off her throne and approached the hot little number before her. Becca touched Nancy&#8217;s anus with her index finger and pushed it in. �She&#8217;s tight, but she&#8217;s no virgin back here,� said Becca. �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Chemaine, how about putting on your friend and fucking this little lady&#8217;s ass.� �Thank you mommy,� said Chemaine as she ran to get her strap-on so hat she could fuck Nancy. As she did this, Rebecca touched Nancy&#8217;s pussy. �She&#8217;s very wet, Goddess Phyllis,� said Becca. �I think she&#8217;ll be even wetter soon,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Chemaine returned with her custom made harness with a medium dildo on it. Without wasting time, Chemaine placed the head of the ersatz cock against Nancy&#8217;s hole and pushed. Chemaine wiggled her hips to aid the non-lubed phallus to get in Nancy&#8217;s ass, and it got in. Chemaine began a slow, rhythmic in out fucking, gradually picking up intensity. I no time, she was pounding Nancy&#8217;s ass and Nancy was moaning in delight. Rebecca walked over to Nancy and reached between her legs and squeezed her clit. Nancy began shaking and shuddering in orgasm as Chemaine continued the pounding. Chemaine pulled out and stayed out as Nancy was left lying on the bed, still quivering in the aftermath of what was likely the best orgasm she ever had. As she was barely able to lift her head, she saw Goddess Phyllis motioning her with her index finger to come over.

Nancy was too weak to walk, so she crawled over to Goddess Phyllis. �Lady, you should suck on Rebecca&#8217;s pussy; she gave you an orgasm, so you owe her.� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis, said Linda. She crawled over to Becca who was sitting on her throne, legs spread wide apart. Nancy&#8217;s jaw dropped when she saw the perfection that was in front of her. A hairless, perfectly formed pussy that smelled of so sweet. Nancy lowered her head toward this delight and kissed the pussy. She ran her tongue the length of Rebecca&#8217;s vagina and inserted it. Nancy sucked Becca&#8217;a hole and moved up to her clit, encircling it with her skilled tongue. Nancy could feel Rebecca getting wetter, so she continued what she was doing but picked up the pace. Becca was cooing and grinding her hips and in short order she was rewarding Nancy&#8217;s efforts by releasing her sweet juice into Nancy&#8217;s eagerly sucking mouth. As Rebecca finished her orgasm, she turned toward Goddess Phyllis and said, �She&#8217;s a keeper, Goddess Phyllis. Knows how to suck pussy, really well.�










Chapter 54 &#8211; Elly Gets Engaged

Well, it turns out that Nancy wasn&#8217;t a keeper. She had a nice pussy and sucked pussy beautifully, but she puked when Elly, who Goddess Phyllis had given Nancy to, took a crap and told her to eat it. This was disobedience at its maximum and could not, would not, be tolerated. It&#8217;s not that Nancy didn&#8217;t try, but she couldn&#8217;t do it. Elly started smacking her face until it was raw and bleeding and then called Goddess Phyllis to tell her what happened. �We&#8217;ll be right over,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine went over to Elly&#8217;s area and saw Nancy lying on the floor sobbing and looking like a bloody mess, which is what she was. Not wanting to add to the blood, Rebecca suggested the �shock wall.� Goddess Phyllis though this an excellent idea and, with Nancy being so small and light, Rebecca and Chemaine were able to hook Nancy up to the wall and attach the electrodes to Nancy&#8217;s nipples and clit. Of course, the anal probe was inserted and the vaginal cup attached. Chemaine was at the controls, which was bad luck for Nancy because torture delighted Chemaine and out of the three of them, was the one who enjoys inflicting suffering the most. This is amazing considering she was only fifteen and only beginning to learn all that Goddess Phyllis could teach her.

Chemaine started with the nipples and turned the current to a medium level. This caused Nancy to moan in either pain or pleasure, you couldn&#8217;t tell, so Chemaine turned up the level. Now it was obviously pain that was causing Nancy to moan. Chemaine smiled as she turned on the clitoral electrode and put that at medium. This was very painful as the clitoris is such a sensitive area. As Nancy began to get louder with her yelps of agony, Rebecca had to put a ball gag over her mouth. Chemaine turned the clitoral level up one and activated the anal one. As her pussy was getting wetter and wetter, Chemaine&#8217;s level of cruelty increased. She put the anal probe at medium and quickly raised it to three-quarters. Nancy was now flailing wildly. She was covered in sweat and saying something that was unintelligible with the gag on. Chemaine turned on the vaginal cup and, wasting no time, turned it to the maximum. This was too much for Nancy and she passed out. 

It was left to Dog Linda to dump Nancy somewhere off the grounds.

It was right around that time that Seka, the legendary porn actress, arrived, or returned would be more accurate. Elly had been instrumental in Seka&#8217;s rise to fame in the seventies and eighties and the two of them were long time lovers. Seka&#8217;s last visit to the world of Goddess Phyllis had caused a bit of a stir as Jessica was positive that Seka was trying to steal her wife Oz from her. With Seka, the only thing you knew for sure was that she was one of the best pussy eaters in the world and still gorgeous. Goddess Phyllis gave Seka total control of their porno ventures and Seka left for Europe. Oz calmed Jessica down; she herself did not know if Seka was trying to �steal� her. She only knew that she had never met anyone like Seka before, and she also knew that her love for Jessica was stronger than anything else, except for her devotion to Goddess Phyllis.

When Seka walked in as the Dog was hauling out the trash and saw Elly, she ran over and embraced the woman. They kissed so hard and so passionately that I could smell Elly&#8217;s juices flowing and see her thighs glistening. Elly ripped off, literally ripped the clothes off of Seka and laid her down on the floor, right where they were. Elly squatted over Seka&#8217;s face in the sixty-nine position and lowered her mouth onto Seka&#8217;s cunt. As Elly began nibbling that sweet, sweet pussy of Seka, she lowered her large, wet cunt onto Seka&#8217;s waiting mouth. As soon as Elly&#8217;s cunt touched Seka&#8217;s mouth, Seka began her magic. She licked that sopping, steaming cunt and fucked it with her tongue. Seka sucked Elly&#8217;s clit and Elly was soon coming all over Seka&#8217;s face. Elly was fiercely going to town on Seka&#8217;s smooth pussy and Seka was sending her own love juice into Elly&#8217;s mouth as she came like a whore.

�Damn it Seka, I missed you more than I realize,� said Elly. �Same here, Elly,� said Seka, �except that I realized it. That&#8217;s why I&#8217;m here. I couldn&#8217;t stand not being with you so I wrapped up my business and flew back. I love you.� Even though Elly had just had a powerful orgasm, her cunt was juicing up again. She knew what she wanted. �Seka, I want you and me to be married. Will you marry me?� Seka looked deep into Elly&#8217;s glistening eyes and said simply �Yes, Elly. I want nothing more. Let&#8217;s get Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s approval.










Chapter 55 &#8211; Elly and Oz

Elly and Seka were holding hands as they entered the chamber of Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca were watching a movie as the beaming lovers entered. �Goddess Phyllis, may we speak with you?� asked Elly. �Sure, mommy, what&#8217;s up?� replied the Golden One. �I&#8217;ve proposed to Seka and she has accepted. We come seeking your approval.� Goddess Phyllis looked at her mother, who she loved so much. The woman who never let toilet paper touch her daughter&#8217;s ass, but licked it clean since infancy. The woman who was being paid to let people kiss her daughter&#8217;s pussy by the time she was twelve. The woman who made her daughter a Goddess. �Mommy, this is wonderful news. Of course you have my approval. I love Seka and the two of you are meant to be together. Would you like a big wedding?� Elly looked at Seka. �I would like to have all of your acolytes there,� said Seka. �I&#8217;d like all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls to see our love.� 

Goddess Phyllis had an idea. �I just had a thought. After the wedding, I&#8217;d like the two of you to form a group with Oz and Jessica. Theirs has been a wonderful marriage and the four of you would be a great combo.� Elly spoke first. �That&#8217;s wonderful, Goddess Phyllis.� Seka smiled. �Mommy, you will be the leader. But for now, let&#8217;s get the wedding going.�

Rebecca handled the arrangements, which included the ceremony to be followed by a shit-eating contest (yours truly is the defending champ), a wrestling match and a measurement of asses for the world&#8217;s largest asshole contest. This last part had actually become more of a contest for second place as Rhonda&#8217;s hole was so much larger at 105 cm whereas the second place was closer. Dotty would be a contestant (she was second at 88) as would Babe (82) and Geena (78).

The night before the wedding, Elly called Oz and had her come over, sending Seka to be with Jessica. Elly wanted to establish her dominance over Oz immediately. This was critical as Oz was so extremely powerful that domination was a needed weapon, in case. The two big women sat on the couch. Oz weighs about 390, while Elly is 330. Two big, beautiful women. Elly put her arm around Oz and kissed her slowly and deeply. She could feel Oz melting in her arms. Their tongues were swirling in each others mouths and they were gently rubbing their lips together in a display of raw but bridled passion. Elly reached under the couch and took out a strap-on dildo. �Oz, I want to do your ass with this. Get on all fours.� Oz immediately complied without saying a word. Elly smiled, knowing that the dominance was already a done deal. After all, Goddess Phyllis did say that Elly would be in charge.

Elly looked at the sight before her. Oz on all fours, with her big ass sticking up, those large, round ass cheeks that were so alluring. Elly could not resist spreading those cheeks and running her tongue up and down the sides of Oz&#8217;s crack. Elly curled her tongue and stuck in Oz&#8217;s hole. It easily went in all the way, and Elly could taste the inner deepness of Oz. And it was good. Elly tongue-fucked the big woman forcefully with the enormous dildo, pounding her in and out. Elly pulled out and inserted her left arm up Oz&#8217; ass. She moved it around as Oz squirmed. Unexpectedly, Elly used her other arm to find Oz&#8217;s clit and give it a few squeezes. This caused Oz to come like a fountain. As Oz&#8217;s gushing cunt was covering Elly&#8217;s right arm with her juice, Elly decided to go for both. She took her right arm and got it into Oz&#8217;s ass with relative ease. Elly knew that Oz&#8217;s hole was so large (74) in part due to the fact that she was on of Rebecca&#8217;s favorite targets when Becca wanted to do the flying bungee fuck. Elly moved here arms in and out and spreading the hole as she went. Oz was loving this; she had her eyes shut and was moving her huge hips in motion with Elly. As Elly began shaking the behemoth up and down, Oz was having another orgasm. Elly pulled her arms out and buried her face in Oz&#8217;s wet ass and began licking and sucking.

All of this ass fucking has caused Elly to get quite hot. Her lust could not wait. Elly sat on a chair and put her legs over the sides. Oz, too fucked to walk, crawled over to Elly and kissed that wet cunt. She kissed it and licked it and stuck her tongue inside. Elly was loving it. Oz used two fingers to touch Elly&#8217;s clit and give it a little squeeze. This was immediately followed by a delicious sucking of that majestic clit, the clit and cunt from which a Goddess had emerged. Elly came a gushing, and Oz greedily swallowed every last drop. She licked Elly&#8217;s cunt as Elly came down from the throws of a wonderful orgasm.










Chapter 56 &#8211; Congratulations

It was the night of the wedding, and Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s main chamber was filled with women, hot horny women. Big Babe was there with her girls, Joy with hers, Dotty had her newly adopted daughter Brianna and the rest, Ellie and her brood, Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunts-in-waiting were looking better then ever. All told, about seventy close followers of Goddess Phyllis were there, all with butt plugs of varying sizes up their asses.

On stage was Elena&#8217;s ex-husband, the judge, who was still a judge and still a male shit eating slut, except now for Joy instead of Elena (Joy took Elena&#8217;s group away in Chapter 46). A high ranking priest was there; he had met Goddess Phyllis a year ago and was driven out of his mind by her seductiveness, the Goddess letting him sniff her pussy while masturbating, whispering all the time that he was Hers. Now he was.

As the music began, Goddesses Rebecca and Chemaine entered; they were giving away Seka, who stood in between the two of them. They all were wearing beautiful lace sashes around their waist and, of course, nothing else, except for anal butt plugs. As they approached the altar, Elly emerged from the back with Goddess Phyllis on her arms. Elly had a rather large looking dildo sticking out of her ass. As Elly and Goddess Phyllis reached the altar, they kissed and Goddess Phyllis took the stage.

�Ladies, acolytes, sluts and whores, we are here today to join my mommy, Elly, and her long time lover Seka, in matrimony. The judge and priest boys her will make it all legal and nice. Now, Elly do you promise to love and adore Seka, to take charge of her life and guide her into the land of pure ecstasy, always making sure that her cunt is well sucked and her ass well fucked?� Elly looked at Seka, then turned to her daughter and said, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I do.�

Goddess Phyllis turned to Seka. �Seka, do you promise to worship and obey Elly, to live to serve her as all do for me, to make your only reason for living to satisfy all of Elly&#8217;s needs?� Without hesitation, Seka said, �Yes, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �By the power vested in me by the supreme women PattyV and Arlene, not to mention these two asshole men behind me, I now pronounce you married. You may now suck each other&#8217;s pussies.� Elly lifted her bride up by the waist, turned her around and began sucking her cunt with gusto. Seka was upside down but her head was right by Elly&#8217;s cunt, so she held on to Elly thighs and pulled her head to that wonderful pussy. In this manner and due to the strength of Elly, they were standing and sucking each other as the crowd yelled and cheered. 

The marriage now having occurred and been consummated, it was time for the festivities. The biggest asshole competition went as last time &#8211; see the previous chapter for details as to the sizes for the top three: champ Rhonda, Dotty and Babe. The part that was everyone&#8217;s favorite was the shit eating competition. I was the undefeated champ, but Ellie&#8217;s Susan was tough competition. What I knew would help me was that Goddess Phyllis used only her own shit along with that of Rebecca, Chemaine, Elly and now Seka. This was incredible. Susan would be eating Ellie&#8217;s and her girls crap. That stuff was no comparison.

I kneeled in front of plate one as did Susan. We each had five plates with a pitcher of urine off to the side to be used at our own discretion. I knew that if I won, I would get some time with Goddess Phyllis where she would let me orgasm while being in some sort of contact with her; that was what I lived for. Also if I won, big Ellie would have to get in the ring with Oz. If I lost, Ellie was spared the beating (Babe would get it) but I would most likely be shocked, or whipped, or both. Having experienced both, I knew winning was the only option.

The whistle blew and we both grabbed up double handfuls of shit. I stuffed as much as I could in my mouth and swallowed as quickly as possible. I repeated this, whizzing through plate one and into plate two. Susan was slightly behind me as I devoured plate two and buried my face in plate three and inhaling the brown contents. I had to suck some in through my sinuses, but it was a great way to pull ahead, I paused for a gulp of urine and finished plate three and was beginning four while Susan was only halfway through three. This motivated me to breeze through four and begin five. I was a full plate ahead of Susan, the biggest lead that I ever had against her. Loving what I was doing, I finished plate five as Goddess Phyllis proclaimed, �The winner and still champion shit eater, shit boy!� The crowd cheered as Goddess Phyllis put her foot on the back of Susan&#8217;s head and pushed her face into the hardly eaten plate five. She held Her foot on Susan&#8217;s head until it appeared that she was trying to suffocate the girl. But Goddess Phyllis let her go. She was not a killer. She was Goddess Phyllis.










Chapter 57 &#8211; Elly&#8217;s Drip

Elly and Oz had done their pre-marriage sexual get-to-together, and now it was time for Elly and Jessica. This meant that Seka would be with Oz, but now that Seka and Elly were married, Jessica was no longer worried that Seka would try to get Oz smitten with her. Or less worried. But the worry was unfounded. Oz loved Jessica as much as Jessy her, and Seka was now Elly&#8217;s, and all was well in the queendom of Goddess Phyllis. 

Elly sat on the bed as looked over Jessica. This little Brazilian beauty was packing a perfect body on her 5&#8217;2� frame. Beautiful face, shoulder length dark blonde hair, perky tits and a very nice round ass. �C&#8217;mere, baby,� said Elly. Jessica walked over to her and Elly wrapped her powerful arms around the smaller woman. They kissed passionately as Elly pulled Jessica onto the bed with her. �Elly, you make me so hot,� said Jessica, �more than you know.� Elly smiled. �I know, baby, I can see the desire in your eyes. But first, I want to taste your ass. Get on all fours.�

Jessica assumed the doggy style position on the bed as Elly approached her behind from behind. Elly was standing as Jessica was near the edge of the bed. Elly stuck the middle finger of her left hand in Jessica&#8217;s asshole and it went in without touching any skin. As all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s acolytes had to have assholes measuring at least 60 cm big, one finger was nothing. (Unbeknown to most, Goddess Phyllis was the only one to have a normal sized asshole, which was about 10 cm. No one fucked Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass except Rebecca and Chemaine with their fingers and, believe it or not, me with my miserable cock. This was sometimes my reward when I won a shit-eating contest. I would insert my cock in the ass of the Goddess, and then she would take over, squeezing her anal muscles until I came. Then I would have to suck my come out of her ass. It was moments like that that I lived for.)

Elly inserted two, three and then here whole left hand and arm were in Jessica&#8217;s ass. Elly pulled her arm out part way and pushed in back in. Feeling Jessica&#8217;s ass getting gushy, Elly pulled her arm out all the way and replaced it with her tongue. Damn, this ass is delicious, thought Elly. She worked her tongue around and then wrapped her lips tightly around the hole and sucked. Sucked as hard as she could, which was pretty hard. Elly changed to blowing in the hole, causing Jessica to let out a nice fart that Elly greedily sucked in. Elly moved her mouth to Jessica&#8217;s clit, and this 62 year old woman who was a world renowned sexual master had Jessica coming like a bandit. As Jessica gradually slowed down from her body shaking orgasm, Elly pushed Jessica forward onto the bed and repositioned herself into the sixty-nine position. 

Jessica was just catching her breath but Elly was perfectly hot. You can&#8217;t love sucking ass and then suck an ass like Jessica&#8217;s without getting extremely hot, which was perfect for what Elly wanted to try. Lowering her cunt to just a few inches above Jessica&#8217;s mouth, Elly clenched her cunt muscles in such a way as to cause her pussy to drip cunt juice. And her cunt juice was going into Jessica&#8217;s mouth. The first drop hit Jessica on the lips, but once she realized what was happening, she opened her mouth and got the next drop right on her tongue. Elly was clenching in a steady rhythm and each one produced a drop of cunt juice. A harder clench produced two or three drops. This �procedure� was having two effects. Actually, it was the same effect on the two women. It was getting them absurdly hot. The clenching movement was causing Elly&#8217;s pussy to get extremely hot and wet, and the taste of this nectar was driving Jessica into a delirium. After several minutes of this pussy drip, Elly lowered her cunt gently onto Jessica&#8217;s mouth as she lowered her own head to get to the Jessica&#8217;s cunt. Jessica wrapped her arms around Elly&#8217;s huge ass and pulled her cunt tighter to her mouth. After all, as big as Elly&#8217;s ass was, Jessica was experienced at handling even larger women.

Jessica was sucking Elly&#8217;s cunt with the same gusto that helped cause Oz to fall in love with her. Meanwhile, Elly was using her fifty plus years of pussy eating experience to bring Jessica to her second, wild orgasm in the lat twenty minutes. Tasting how delicious Jessica was did it for Elly. She lifted herself up a tiny bit and came-a-gushin into Jessica&#8217;s waiting mouth. Elly was coming a lot, and Jessica was getting ever drop and swallowing everything. As Elly&#8217;s orgasm subsided, she rolled onto her side so that the girls could maintain face-to-cunt contact as they enjoyed the afterglow of some A1 orgasms.

As they lay there, Elly was thinking of other uses for her new tactic, the �drip.� Not only could she use it to drive girls wild, but she could use it as the ultimate tease. Drop some of her nectar into the victim&#8217;s mouth, get them all hot, and then deny them both orgasm as well as more nectar. Elly smiled. Yes, this was good, she thought as she wondered if her cunt juice was addictive. Guess she would soon find out.









Chapter 58 &#8211; Holding in an Enema

We&#8217;ve mentioned the two women that even Goddess Phyllis bows down to, and these are PattyV and Arlene. Patty resembles Ann-Margaret very strongly, while Arlene is a tall, studious looking blonde. These two women met in the seventies, fell in love, and set about using their alluring sexuality to ensnare a collection of wealthy and powerful men. These men made Patty and Arlene fantastically wealthy as they not only took cash from their worshippers but companies, real estate holdings and, in one case, a professional sports team.

When one is that rich and powerful and can have any person in the world in any you want, and having done all that, you need more ways to get off. One can&#8217;t keep getting the same thrills. You need new and different ones. For Arlene, finding news ways of getting herself off was a wonderful hobby. For Patty, it was watching fat women receive an enema and hold it in for as long as possible before releasing an explosion of shit right in her face. Patty kept this private; Arlene and Goddess Phyllis and her girls were the only to know about it. Goddess Phyllis supplied Patty with the fat asses that she craved. Some were not good. Ellie, having had her asshole torn apart by Oz and having to have surgery to repair it, could not hold an enema for any amount of time worth mentioning. Big Babe was not that great, either. Her girl Bliss was good, but not fat enough. Likewise Dotty, who held it in well, but also was not fat enough. The best of the bunch was Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy, Elly. Elly was able to hold in a three gallon enema, specially made by Arlene to be slow acting and causing a great deal of internal heat, for&nbsp; thirty minutes. For the first twenty minutes, she had a butt plug but had to go the last ten without. At the thirty minute mark, Arlene gave the word and Elly sent a torrent of loose shit flying toward Patty, covering her pretty well with the stinky substance. The next part was always the same. Someone would suck PattyV to a strong orgasm. This time, Elly used her considerable skills to get Patty off.

Goddess Phyllis was wondering how Joy would do holding in an enema. She had a huge ass and big belly and could probably accept many gallons of fluid. And she was strong. Goddess Phyllis asked Rebecca to get Patty or Arlene on the phone. Arlene answered and Rebecca asked her to please hold on for Goddess Phyllis. �Hi, Master Arlene, how are you?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Even though we&#8217;re talking about two women, two of the best, they like to be referred to as Master. �I&#8217;m fine, Goddess Phyllis, always nice to hear from you.� �Master, I have a girl who I think you have seen. Big Joy, the girl who took Elena&#8217;s group from her, is who I mean. She has a huge ass and big belly. I think she is worth a try.� �Baby, we always welcome a recommendation from you,� said Arlene. �Bring her over.�

Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine gathered up Joy and headed to the palatial estate of Patty and Arlene. They were buzzed in and walked into the foyer and they all got naked. Joy had to steal a look at Chemaine, the little fifteen year old with the enormous lactating breasts. She was also able to steal a glance at Rebecca and her perfect ass. Joy was too scared to actually look at Goddess Phyllis without permission.

Arlene and Patty walked out to great the girls. They all hugged and kissed, all except for Joy who had to remain on her knees. Arlene looked at Joy and said, �Stand up.� Joy did as Arlene walked around her. Arlene jiggled Joy&#8217;s ample stomach and smacked her fat ass. Arlene put both of her hands on Joy&#8217;s facial cheeks and gave her a hard kiss. Joy kissed back and Arlene was pleased. �Joy, get on all fours on the table there.�

As Joy was kneeling doggy style, Rebecca and Chemaine took their places well of to one side. Goddess Phyllis was near Arlene who was inserting a long, thick rubber hose in Joy&#8217;s ass. Five gallons of specially blended enema were flowing into Joy. After about ten minutes, the enema bag was empty and Joy was full. Arlene inserted a big butt plug in Joy and everyone waited. The first few minutes were uneventful. At about the ten minute mark, Joy broke out in a sweat and was moaning. The sweating increased. Arlene took her temperature and it was 102. �I expected this,� said Arlene. Minutes went by and Joy was shaking and her whimpers were becoming more like screams. Arlene put a ball gag in Joy&#8217;s mouth to shut her up. As the minutes went buy, the worse it got for Joy. Goddess Phyllis could see a little oozing from around the butt plug, but Joy was doing well. At twenty minutes, Arlene removed the butt plug. Now Joy was on her own. She concentrated as hard as she could as the minutes went by, each minute making the heat and pain get worse. Joy though her insides were on fire, but she held.

�Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let it out Joy,� instructed Arlene. Joy couldn&#8217;t have held much longer anyway and let out an explosion of shit, a forceful load of brown liquid hitting Patty smack in the face and now dripping down her entire body. Joy kept squirting as Patty signaled Goddess Phyllis over. Goddess Phyllis had the honor of sucking Master Patty&#8217;s cunt, a cunt covered with the shit of a three hundred forty pound mammoth, and taking Patty into the land of orgasmic bliss.

Arlene looked at the two adorable wives of Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca and Chemaine. She signaled them over and the three of them exchanged kisses on all erogenous areas. All were quite hot, and Arlene knew that she would have the chance to see how much Joy could really handle.










Chapter 59 &#8211; More Fun with Enemas

Arlene, one of the two supreme beings along with PattyV, had a medical background and enjoyed putting her knowledge to what some might consider odd uses. She was currently blending a potent enema. Not only was it powerful while slow acting, Arlene added a chemical to make the whole potion hot to the colon. She figured it would raise Joy&#8217;s temperature to around 103, but she would keep an eye on the temp as the enema was being held. Arlene wanted to try eight gallons since Joy handled five so nicely.

About two days after the initial enema, Arlene summoned Joy and Goddesses Goddess Phyllis, Goddess Chemaine and Goddess Rebecca. By this time, Joy ate enough to be ready to be emptied out. She had been told not to poop in the meantime, and although the urge had come upon her quite strongly this morning, she held it in. Constipation was not something that would be a problem. Joy realized how lucky she was to be called to be if service to these two goddesses of all goddesses and knew that she had to be successful. The rewards would be one thing, if any, but failure was not tolerated well by Goddess Phyllis and probably also by Arlene and Patty.

As the three goddesses and one three hundred forty pound woman arrived, the were greeted by Arlene, naked and lovely at five foot ten inches, long legs and amazing tone for a woman fifty eight years old. Patty was also in fantastic shape. Arlene had Joy mount the table and get on all fours. Arlene wheeled over the enema table. All could see four big two gallon jugs connected to a receptacle that had a long hose at the end. At this time, Patty entered and said, �Greetings to all. Joy, Arlene has something special for you since you did well last time. You will get eight gallons of specially blended enema. Blended just for you. And you will hold it in for thirty minutes.� �Thank you, Master Patty. I am a lucky woman.� Arlene laughed. �We&#8217;ll see how lucky you feel as your insides turn to liquid and you feel like you&#8217;re on fire,� said Arlene.

Arlene inserted the tube in Joy&#8217;s ample ass and turned on the pump. The tube was clear and the girls watched the liquid being pumped into Joy&#8217;s colon. Gallon after gallon flowed in. After six gallons, Joy was moaning and said that she was filled. Unfortunately for her, Goddess Phyllis gave her a slap on the face and Arlene kept pumping. Joy was able to take the eight gallons, and Arlene inserted a four inch wide butt plug. Now they waited for the inevitable.

Joy began sweating after a couple of minutes, and Rebecca showed some kindness by wiping her brow. Joy was struggling, but she kept silent (that ball gag was disgusting) and concentrated. Arlene took her temperature after ten minutes, and it was 102. Joy was emitting guttural sounds but doing ok. At the fifteen minute halfway point, Arlene yanked out the butt plug. Joy held firm as her entire body was soaking with sweat. A check of the body temp showed 103.5. The enema was working as planned. Twenty two minutes went by, and Joy couldn&#8217;t hold back a small scream. At least she held back the enema. Goddess Phyllis showed Joy the ball gag, and Joy was silent. 

Five minutes to go. Body temperature approaching 104.

With two minutes left, Joy began a total body tremble. Her massive frame was sort of vibrating, causing the metal table to shake. Sweat poured off her face. One minute. Tears flowed along with the sweat. Joy knew she was weakening. Finally Arlene said �One minute.� Patty went behind Joy and awaited her shit bath. Goddess Phyllis and her wives/daughters stayed by Arlene, off to the side. Today, Rebecca would suck off Patty after the shitstorm. As Arlene counted down from ten to zero, Joy emitted a loud burp, causing everyone but her to laugh. �Joy, you can release any time now. Try to hold it a little more and release anytime,� said Arlene. Joy tried hard but only managed maybe ten more seconds before the liquid shit came out of her ass with such force that Patty was knocked back a little. Her face was covered with the brown liquid, and she moved closer for the next blast. This one got her tits and stomach. As the shit continued flowing out of that fat ass, Patty gathered it in her hands and wiped in on her cunt and thighs, and then began wiping the rest of Joy&#8217;s ass. Arlene grabbed a handful and covered Joy&#8217;s face with her own shit, and put a handful in Joy&#8217;s mouth. The shit was coming out one end and going in the other. As the flow of liquid crap slowed, Arlene reached down for Joy&#8217;s cunt, found her clit and squeezed. In seconds, Joy had a powerful orgasm and passed out.

Patty sat back and put her legs over the arms of the chair as Rebecca approached. Rebecca lowered her head and gazed upon the beauty of Patty&#8217;s perfect cunt and clit. She began licking the shit off of the magnificent twat and then wiped her tongue on her arm before putting it inside Patty&#8217;s sopping hole. Rebecca sucked this wonderful hole and then licked up toward the clit. Finding it, Rebecca sucked it and twirled her tongue around it and took it in her mouth and sucked again. Patty placed her hands on the back of Rebecca&#8217;s head and held her tightly in place as she came. Her juice was eagerly gobbled up by Rebecca. Rebecca was hotter than hell from the divineness of Patty&#8217;s pussy, and thankfully, Arlene lay down under Rebecca and had the young, slim girl sit on her face. Arlene had forgotten how delicious Rebecca was and as Rebecca came, Arlene was now on fire. Goddess Phyllis knew this would happen, so she knelt before Arlene&#8217;s pussy and sucked like only she could. Arlene was writhing with orgasm in seconds. Poor little Chemaine was watching all this and was so hot that she took the bold move of going over to Patty, climbing on her lap and then straddling her face. Patty was delighted to see this and could see the white cream that Chemaine&#8217;s cunt always produced. Patty licked and sucked on this fifteen year old with the 38DDD tits and was in heaven when Chemaine came in her mouth.

A lovely day for everyone.










Chapter 60 &#8211; Murder Most Foul

Joy was reaping the benefits of pleasing Arlene and PattyV as well as Goddess Phyllis. She was allowed to hang with them and talk to them, not as equals, of course, but as a person. After the last enema, the girls got to talking about murder. Goddess Phyllis related her experiences with big Ellie, the massive mountain of a woman who was, for a time, an enforcer to Goddess Phyllis. Ellie (not Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mommy�that is Elly) was known to have bitten off thirty-seven cocks, and she had every one stuffed and in her collection to prove it. Goddess Phyllis witnessed all of these and watched about half of them bleed to death. The other half were cauterized and sent to the hospital.

�I think I&#8217;d like to kill someone by suffocating them with my fat ass,� said Joy. The girls laughed, but Rebecca was the first to say �Why don&#8217;t we do it?� Goddess Phyllis looked at Patty and Arlene and they were nodding affirmatively. Chemaine chimed in with �I wanna watch. I wanna watch.� Goddess Phyllis patted her on the head and assured her she would be there. �Now you have to go through with it, Joy,� said Goddess Phyllis. Joy had not really thought this through when she made her comment, but now she was locked into it. �How do we get the person? Should it be a man?� she asked. Goddess Phyllis spoke. �My mommy and Seka will get the guy. Yes, your first should be a man, and you can keep his cock as a souvenir.� �And she added, �We will do it tonight.�

Rebecca was on the phone with Elly explaining what her daughter wanted. Elly smiled and told them they would bring someone over within a couple of hours. She and Seka had gone out many times to procure men, and it did not take long. Men were fools and could be led in to anything. Elly and Seka headed out to the corner bar.

Inside the tavern were mostly men. It was an upscale place, not a dive like it used to be. Elly and Seka sat at a table and ordered beer with vodka on the rocks for each of them. They sized up the guys, looking for the one who would die tonight. �Seka, check out the guy at the end. He looks perfect,� said Elly. Seka looked. There was a nice looking well-dressed man who was somewhat loaded. And he was checking them out. Seka smiled at him and, with a movement of her finger, beckoned him over.

The man, to be called Dick for the purposes of this story, came over on shaky legs. Through the haze of booze, he could tell that these two were hot. Big and hot for one, and a knockout and hot for the other. He sat down and asked, �Can I by you a drink?�

Elly put her hand on his crotch and squeezed. She could feel dick&#8217;s dick growing in her hand. �We&#8217;re not here to have jerks like you buy us a drink. We can buy our own. We want a cock to fuck us. Are you too drunk for that?� Dick gulped. Luckily (he thought), he was not that drunk. �No, madam, I&#8217;m not to drunk.� Elly squeezed harder and Dick moaned a bit. �You will call us Mistress. I&#8217;m not a fuckin madam.� Seka smiled. �Meet us outside in ten minutes. I don&#8217;t want to be seen leaving with you. And don&#8217;t tell your pals where you&#8217;re going. I&#8217;ve got a reputation, and I&#8217;ve got friends, so I&#8217;ll know.� Dick nodded. �We&#8217;ve got a blue van parked right outside. You be there in ten. Understand?� Again, Dick nodded. Elly and Seka got up turned to leave but first Elly whispered in Dick&#8217;s ear, �Don&#8217;t forget to pay for our drinks.�

Seka opened the back door of the van, and Dick stepped inside. Elly was upon him immediately, throwing him down on a gurney and shackling his arms and legs to it. �What the fu...� was all he could manage before Elly stuck the ball gag in his mouth to shut him up. Seka injected him with a sedative to calm him, and Elly put a hood over his head so he could not see a thing.

Pulling into the garage of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s palace, the van was met by Oz and Jessica. Oz unstrapped the drowsy man and carried him under her arm to the fun room. Inside the room were Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca, Chemaine, Joy, and now Elly, Seka, Jessica, and Oz with her �bundle.� She dropped the bundle on a cushioned table and ripped the right side of the bag. Oz handcuffed the man&#8217;s right arm and leg to the table, and repeated this on the other side. She took off the hood. It no longer mattered if he saw them. He would not be alive for much longer.

�What am I doing here?� Dick asked. Whack. Joy slapped him so hard that tears filled Dick&#8217;s eye. �Do not speak, and we&#8217;ll let you live,� lied Joy. They wanted him quiet without a gag or tape. This seemed to work as he shut up. Maybe it was also the fact that Joy was stroking his cock and he was getting very aroused, by her touch and also by how many women were watching. And some so young, too. Dick was quite hot, indeed. His cock stood straight up. Joy fastened a small leather band to the bottom of his shaft; they wanted the blood to stay there and keep him nice and hard.

All the girls sat back as Joy went to work. She licked the throbbing cock and gently stroked it. She kissed Dick very passionately and he responded. She rubbed his cheeks so gently as she looked into his eyes. �I want to sit on you face. Would you like that?� asked Joy. �Oh yes,� moaned Dick, not knowing what she meant. Joy looked to all of the girls and they were all so intent and smiling. She lowered the table to about knee level, turned so that she was facing his cock, and let her huge ass lay on Dick&#8217;s face. Joy reached back and spread her cheeks so that his nose and mouth were really covered. She sat hard. At first, nothing. Then realization set in. Dick tried to struggle, but he could not even manage that. He was too tightly bound. The more he tried to move his head, the more weight came upon him. He was suffocating. His world was getting dark. Everything smelled like shit. He took a hard suck in as his lungs were exploding and�not a drop of air to be found. Gone. He was dead.

Joy sat a moment longer and got off. Rebecca came over and checked for a pulse or any sign of breath. Nothing. �He is quite dead,� said Rebecca. All of the girls smiled and high fived and congratulated Joy. �Now,� said Goddess Phyllis, �Joy, take your prize.� Joy bent over the still hard cock, placed her teeth right above where the strap was, and bit. She bit as hard as she could and then began shaking her head at the same time. Biting even harder and pulling harder, the cock was starting to come away from the body. The blood was flowing as Joy finally succeeded in ripping the cock off of the dead man&#8217;s body. She turned it head down to preserve the blood and gave it to Rebecca, who cauterized the bottom so that this ornament could be preserved. Joy had suffocated a man with her huge ass. They had all watched and now they were exquisitely hot. A quick call to Babe to have a disposal until sent over, and then the orgasms would flow. 

A joyful night.










Chapter 61 &#8211; Babe&#8217;s New Friend

Big Babe, the four hundred forty pounder with the 58 DDD tits, was a mean yet loving mistress. I met her on my first day of servitude and she was the first to insert both of her meaty arms in my ass, almost tearing me apart. Goddess Phyllis liked her and used her as a disciplinarian, having her punish Geena and Sarah among others. Babe also ran a bar, mostly lesbian but some men were allowed in. Most drinks were mixed with pee. Babe&#8217;s pee or one of the bartenders&#8217; pee; Babe&#8217;s girls Patricia, Jojo and Bliss were the bartenders. They kept the pee in individual containers, labeled so one knew whose pee they were drinking. A drink with container pee was $50; a mixer straight from the fountain was $100. The bar was frequented by the disciples of Goddess Phyllis; sometimes Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca would come in themselves which would always cause a stir.

Babe wanted a new bartender, someone younger, smaller and whiter. She placed an ad on �the list� and the first one to respond was Ashley. Ashley was 24, stood 5&#8217;2 and weighed about 120. She had long black hair, smallish but proportionate tits and a wonderful curvaceous ass. Oh yes, a face like an angel, a real beauty. The ad did not specify that Babe&#8217;s Place was a gay bar. Ashley showed up in a strapless short dress, braless and wearing a red thong.

When Babe saw Ashley, her cunt immediately juiced up. This girl is beautiful, Babe thought. Smiling, she walked over to Ashley and introduced herself. �Hi, I&#8217;m the owner, Babe.� Ashley smiled. �I&#8217;m Ashley and I&#8217;m here to apply for the bartending job.� �Great,� said Babe. �Come on into my office.� Ashley, a straight girl, was unsuspecting and gladly followed the large woman into her office.

Babe had Ashley take a seat on the couch and fill out an application. Babe watched Ashley closely. She could tell the girl was braless, and the legs sticking out of that short little dress were quite shapely. When Ashley finished, Babe came over and sat down next to her on the couch. Babe looked at the application. Twenty-four, college graduate, lived nearby. �Ashley,� said Babe, �you are beautiful and I think you will make a lot of money in tips working here. Some of my girls make a thousand a night.� �Wow,� said Ashley. �How do they make so much?�&nbsp; �I&#8217;ll tell you in a bit,� said Babe.

Babe put her right hand on Ashley&#8217;s right thigh and gave it a squeeze. Ashley blushed, which pleased Babe. Babe&#8217;s left arm went around Ashley&#8217;s shoulder, and before Ashley knew what was happening, Babe was pressing her lips against Ashley&#8217;s in a hot kiss. Ashley tried to push Babe away; she had never kissed a woman except one time with her friend Barbie when they were drunk. This little girl trying to push Babe was almost comical, like a flea pushing an elephant. Babe intensified the kiss, pushing her tongue into Ashley&#8217;s mouth and rubbing it on Ashley&#8217;s tongue. Babe rubbed her tongue on Ashley&#8217;s lips as she took her hand off of Ashley&#8217;s thigh so that she could expose her massive tits. When those monsters were hanging out, Babe pulled back so Ashley could view them. Ashley gasped, and when Babe brought the enormous nipple to Ashley&#8217;s mouth, the smaller girl instinctively suckled at it. While Ashley sucked Babe&#8217;s tit, Babe&#8217;s hand went under the dress and felt Ashley&#8217;s thong. A big smile came across Babe&#8217;s mouth as she felt Ashley&#8217;s wetness.

Ashley&#8217;s head was spinning as she sucked the delicious, big tit and felt the strong hand of Babe squeezing her pussy. Babe easily ripped the thong from Ashley and ordered her to take the dress off. Ashley immediately did so and was now sitting there totally naked. Babe removed her dress and now they were both naked. Babe never wore a bra or underwear. Babe pulled her tit away and went back to kissing the girl. This time, Ashley&#8217;s arms went around Babe and she kissed her back as hard as she could. Ashley was on fire. Babe pushed her down on the couch and lowered her mouth to Ashley&#8217;s cunt. It was smooth, just as Babe suspected. With her leg pinning Ashley&#8217;s upper body down, Babe began sucking Ashley&#8217;s pussy while inserting a finger up her ass. This finger was joined by a second and third. Babe could feel Ashley&#8217;s orgasm starting, and she stopped sucking. She didn&#8217;t want the girl to come just yet. �Suck me, Ashley,� said Babe. The dazed Ashley looked as Babe spread her enormous thighs, exposing a hairless and very wet and big cunt. With Babe&#8217;s hands guiding her head, Ashley got her first taste of cunt and what a taste it was. Babe, for all of her size and wetness, had a delicious cunt and Ashley sucked on the lips of the vagina, sucked in some juice and began to lick and suck the big clit. It all seemed so natural. Babe was loving it and shortly orgasmed into Ashley&#8217;s mouth. Ashley sucked in all of the juice as Babe smiled her devilish smile. Babe gave Ashley a quick kiss and returned to Ashley&#8217;s cunt, giving it a royal sucking. In a minute, Ashley had the best orgasm of her life, trembling as Babe sucked her essence out of her.

�Ashley, you&#8217;re hired,� said Babe. Ashley did not hear this since she had passed out from that magnificent orgasm.










Chapter 62 &#8211; Babe and Ashley

When Ashley opened her eyes, she saw Babe sitting on an easy chair, the old style with big wing arms. Each of Babe&#8217;s legs was resting on an arm of the chair, leaving Babe&#8217;s pussy wide open. Babe smiled at her new little love and Ashley smiled back. Without conscious thought on her part, Ashley rolled off of the couch, crawled over to Babe and brought her face to within inches of Babe&#8217;s cunt. Ashley looked up at Babe. �May I suck your cunt, Babe?� asked Ashley. Babe chuckled. This is exactly what she hoped would happen. This girl was smitten with Babe (and I feel the same about her, thought Babe but tucked that thought away for another time). �Ashley, I can&#8217;t think of anything I want more than for you to suck my pussy, except maybe me to suck yours. But yes, please suck my wet cunt.�

Ashley&#8217;s tongue went in Babe&#8217;s cunt as far as it could. Ashley loved moving it around and tasting Babe&#8217;s essence. It was intoxicating. She sucked on Babe&#8217;s labial lips and slowly worked her way up to the clit. Babe had a big clit and it was throbbing. Ashley licked it and then sucked on it. She buried her face in Babe&#8217;s snatch, her tongue in the hole and her mouth on the clit. Damn, this girl is great for a first timer. Was she a first timer? Babe forgot these thoughts as Ashley sucked an excellent orgasm out of Babe. The usual amount of Babe&#8217;s come oozed out of her cunt and Ashley sucked it all in. Her head was spinning and she was totally focused on servicing that massive cunt.

Babe lifted Ashley up and kissed her. �Is this your first time with a woman?� asked Babe. Ashley blushed. �Yes, it is Babe.� She answered. �Well you sure are good at sucking cunt,� said Babe. �It all seems so natural. What you did to me before is my guide, and the rest is instinct,� said Ashley. A thought came to her. It shocked her but she wanted to do this. �Babe,� said Ashley, �May I suck your ass? I want so much to smell you and lick your crack and put my tongue in your hole. Please.� Unreal, thought Babe. This keeps getting better and better. �Ashley, you are quite a little slut, aren&#8217;t you?� asked the big one. Ashley blushed. �It&#8217;s just that I feel so much love for you. I want to lick and suck every part of you.� �You shall, sweet,� said Babe. �You&#8217;ve touched this heart of mine like no one has in a long time. If you suck hard enough, something might come out that hole of mine.� �I&#8217;ll eat it,� said Ashley. �My cunt is throbbing so much that I would do anything for you.�

Babe got on the couch doggie style and reached behind herself and spread her cheeks. Now Babe had a lot of cheek, but she grabbed what she could and spread. Ashley put her hands inside Babe&#8217;s hand and separated her cheeks more. Ashley gasped a little when she saw the enormity of Babe&#8217;s asshole. It was huge. It should be considering the variety and size of some of the things that have gone up there. Ashley buried her face in the long and deep crack and licked it from top to bottom. She licked the left side and then the right side. Then, she inserted her tongue inside the hole. She easily got it in as far as it could go. She pushed and felt her nose actually go in. She sucked the hole but had to pull out before she suffocated. �Babe,� gasped Ashley, �your hole. It&#8217;s huge!� �Suck it baby,� was Babe&#8217;s response. She was digging it and was feeling her bowels loosen up, too.

Ashley returned to sucking that asshole. The smell was changing from the initial nutty type smell to one much deeper and a little stinkier. As Ashley continued sucking, she felt something hit the tip of her tongue. It was something solid. Ashley pulled her head back very slowly and this thing followed her. As Ashley put a bit of space between her head and Babe&#8217;s ass, she could see that a piece of shit was emerging. She immediately put her mouth on the shit and allowed it to enter her mouth. The turd hit the back of Ashley&#8217;s throat but still it came. To avoid choking, Ashley pulled her head back more. She now had about half of this massive turd in her mouth with the other half just about out of Babe&#8217;s ass. �Lay on the floor,� ordered Babe. Ashley slowly pulled back and lay down without breaking the turd in her mouth. She wasn&#8217;t sure why, but she felt that it would make Babe happy if she could keep the thing intact. Ashley lay back and succeeded in keeping the shit together. She was laying there holding the turd in her mouth, it sticking up in the air like a trophy. �Suck on it,� said Babe. �Make it melt in your mouth.� Ashley did. Babe moved down and put the other end in her mouth. She bit it halfway and chewed the huge hunk like it was milk chocolate. As Ashley watched, she began to chew and soon managed to finish the piece. Babe looked back and said �Stay down.� Ashley stay laying there as Babe emptied the rest of her load on Ashley&#8217;s face and chest. Babe took a major dump. �Don&#8217;t eat anymore,� said Babe. �Just enjoy it being on you.�

Babe opened the door and went outside. She immediately came back with Patricia. Patricia was one of the bartenders and also Babe&#8217;s girlfriend. Babe actually had eight other&#8217;s in her group, but Patricia was the one who slept with her every night. Until now. �Patricia, I took a dump on the new girl Ashley. She ate a beauty of a piece, but I want you to eat the rest. And be swift because I want Ashley to lick my ass clean before it gets too dry.� Patricia immediately knelt down and began eating the shit off of Ashley. She ate the piece that fell on Ashley&#8217;s face and then the balance, most of which was on her tits. Ashley was not surprised at how rapid Patricia was eating. When Babe gave an order, you obeyed. Ashley had only been here now, what, a few hours but that much was obvious. So was something else. She was in love with this wall of a woman.

When Patricia had finished eating everything off of Ashley, the smaller girl sprang up and sort of leaped toward Babe. Babe caught her and gave her a big squeeze. As they looked into each other&#8217;s eyes, Ashley said, �I love you Babe.� Babe smiled. �I love you too, Ashley. I&#8217;m going to make you my girl. Would you like that?� �More than anything,� said Ashley. Babe looked at Patricia. �You will go to Bliss, Patricia, and Dawn will go with Jojo. That skinny Clare douche bag will probably go over to Joy. Joy can deal with a toilet like her. If Goddess Phyllis approves, of course.�

So just like that, in one day, Ashley became Babe&#8217;s number one.










Chapter 63 &#8211; More with Babe and Ashley

The first order of business was to get Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s approval. Babe requested a meeting with the three goddesses for the purpose of introducing her new love. Goddess Chemaine granted the request on behalf of Goddess Phyllis. Babe arrived with Ashley, young, beautiful Ashley. When they walked in, Babe standing about 5&#8217;8� and four hundred pounds and Ashley about 5&#8217;1� and one hundred twenty, the contrast was stark. But that wasn&#8217;t all. The goddesses noticed that Ashley was beautiful, and that she and Babe were holding hands. Babe was a strong, firm disciplinarian but she had a mellower look on her face than usual.

Babe and Ashley knelt before Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis spoke. �Babe, who is this beautiful lady that you bring to us?� Babe looked up at Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Phyllis, this is Ashley. She answered my ad for a bartending job, but she has stolen my heart. I would say that I seduced her, but she responded almost immediately. Not only did I give her the first lesbian experience and the best orgasm she ever had, but she actually asked to suck my ass. And she eagerly ate a big piece of my shit! And this was all within the first hour that we were together.�

Goddess Phyllis looked at Ashley. �Stand up, pretty girl,� said Goddess Phyllis. Ashley stood. �Turn around and let me see your ass.� Ashley turned and displayed her curvaceous ass to the Goddesses. �Spread your cheeks,� ordered Goddess Rebecca. Ashley spread her cheeks, revealing a smooth crack with a nice, small hole, not as small as it was before Babe inserted four fingers, but still tight. �Lovely, quite lovely,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Come here and lick my feet.� Ashley crawled over and approached Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s feet. Babe had briefed her on how to act in the presence of goddesses and Ashley was doing well. Goddess Phyllis lifted her left foot up and presented it to Ashley. Ashley licked the sole of this majestic foot and was not surprised to feel how wet her pussy was. �Suck my toes,� ordered Goddess Phyllis. Ashley immediately took the big toe in her mouth and sucked it. She licked in between the big toe and the one next to it and moved down to the next one, then the next. She was truly worshipping Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s feet, much to the viewing delight of all present

Goddess Phyllis spoke. �Babe, where do you see Ashley fitting in with your group?� Babe replied immediately. �I want her to be my girl, Goddess Phyllis. This girl has stolen my heart. I&#8217;ve never felt so in love before.� Goddess Phyllis was impressed. �And what about you, Ashley? Do you love Babe?� Ashley did not hesitate. �Oh yes, Goddess Phyllis, I have never felt so much love for anyone in my life. I would do anything for this woman. I would devote my life to her.� Goddess Phyllis looked at Chemaine and Rebecca. Both of her daughters/wives were smiling approvingly. �Well,� said Goddess Phyllis, �if there is so much love here, then I approve of you joining Babe&#8217;s group and being her girl. You may embrace.� Ashley crawled back to Babe and the two of them, still kneeling on the floor, embraced passionately, exchanging a long, slow, smoldering kiss.

Goddess Phyllis asked Rebecca to go get some of her previously saved shit. Rebecca came back with a platter that she put down on the table near Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s throne. �To culminate the addition of Ashley to the disciples of Goddess Phyllis and to Babe, we will all partake in some eating of my shit. Chemaine, you take the first piece.� Chemaine smiled that broad fifteen year old smile of hers, picked up a piece and popped it in her mouth ad chewed. �Umm, delicious,� she said. Rebecca was next. While Rebecca was munching, Goddess Phyllis could see Babe and Ashley squirming. They couldn&#8217;t wait, she thought. Next, Babe took two pieces and put one in Ashley&#8217;s mouth and one in her own. The both chewed it up and swallowed. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Babe, �this is magnificent.� Ashley spoke up too. �Yes, it is. I love it. I wish I could eat more.� �You shall eat a lot of shit, my little pretty one,� said Goddess Phyllis. �You will eat mine, Goddess Chemaine&#8217;s, Goddess Rebecca&#8217;s, Babe&#8217;s and whoever else Babe directs you to. Welcome to the world of Goddess Phyllis.� 

This meant that Ashley was accepted and was now part of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s world. She was so happy that tears welled up in her eyes. Babe put a massive arm around her and Ashley felt like nothing in the world could hurt her. She felt safe and secure, and so much in love. �Ashley, do you have any friends that you can bring in to join Babe&#8217;s group? Some nice, white, twenty-something pretties like you?� Ashley smiled. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis. My two former best friends would be perfect and Babe would easily seduce them as they both have hot cunts. One is a busty blonde who is taller than me and the other is my size, but cute and with a lovely body. Their names are Barbie and Lainey.�

�Babe,� said Goddess Phyllis, �I want Ashley to have Barbie come to visit you and you
will make her yours. The next day Lainey will come and you will take her, too. Once they are in your control, you will bring them to me.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis,� said Babe. She was anxious to meet these two girls and have her way with them. 

Back in Babe&#8217;s room, the two lovers sat on the couch and spent an hour or so in the classic sixty-nine position, with Ashley on top since Babe was so large. Ashley wanted to explore and suck on every part of Babe&#8217;s cunt and ass and everything. She was ravenous. Babe lay back with Ashley&#8217;s cunt on her face and sucked the girl to several orgasms. Babe was quite expert, and the combination of that and Ashley&#8217;s hotness was perfect. In between orgasms, Babe would suck on Ashley&#8217;s asshole and finger it. Ashley couldn&#8217;t get to suck on Babe&#8217;s ass in this position due to all of the layers of fat, but she could stick her hand down there and play with the gaping hole. After both girls had several orgasms, Babe had Ashley turn so that they were face to face. Ashley&#8217;s mouth was glistening with Babe&#8217;s pussy juices, and Babe&#8217;s mouth likewise with Ashley&#8217;s come. They embraced long and hard and played with each other&#8217;s clits before orgasming yet again. Then they slept.










Chapter 64 &#8211; Breakfast in Bed

The next morning, the two lovers awoke and had their first �breakfast in bed.� Both women had to shit and, of course, have their morning pea. Ashley thought of something. �Babe, can we pee in each other&#8217;s mouths right here?� Babe smiled. �Of course, love, and I want you to go first.� Ashley straddled Babe&#8217;s face and positioned her beautiful, clean shaven cunt over Babe&#8217;s wide open mouth. Ashley let loose her pee and was gleeful watching it go right down Babe&#8217;s throat without her having to swallow. �Babe, how do you do that?� asked Ashley. Babe was licking her chops, rolling her big tongue around her mouth and lips. �You just have to keep your throat open, you know, relax that urge to clench and just let it flow down. We&#8217;ll practice with a dildo, after I put it in my ass, of course.� �Of course,� replied Ashley. Ashley lay on her back and Babe straddled her face. With Babe&#8217;s massive thighs resting on the side of Ashley&#8217;s face and her lower belly lifted up, the gaping, sopping cunt was right where they both wanted it to be. Directly over Ashley&#8217;s mouth. Babe let loose a stream and Ashley tried but was swallowing and couldn&#8217;t keep up with the flow. Some pee dripped down her chin and cheeks. Babe stopped the stream to give her lover a chance to catch her breath. Babe wiped the dripping off of Ashley&#8217;s cheeks with her finger and put the finger in her mouth. �Hmm,� cooed Babe. Babe released the rest of her urine in shorter bursts that were easier for Ashley to handle. Babe knew she would learn.

Now that they had peed, the urge to shit had to be dealt with. �Babe do you think you can shit on me in bed here?� �Yes Ashley, I can and will shit on you here, but you are also going to shit on me. I may be the boss, at least for now, but I want to eat your shit as much as you want mine. This brought an enormous smile to Ashley&#8217;s face. �Who goes first?� asked. Ashley. Babe thought. �You do,� she said. Ashley turned around so that she was on her knees and facing away from Babe. She squatted a little and Babe, with her hands on Ashley&#8217;s hips, guided that sweet small ass right over her mouth. Babe couldn&#8217;t wait to start enlarging that glorious little hole. As Babe stared at her lover&#8217;s asshole, a turd emerged. It wasn&#8217;t that large but it was contiguous and it went right into Babe&#8217;s mouth. Ashley looked back over her shoulder and smiled at the sight of her turd sticking out if Babe&#8217;s mouth, much like what had transpired on Day 1. Ashley turned back and pushed, letting out a couple of smaller pieces of shit on Babe&#8217;s massive tits. Babe was almost finished eating the first turd and was licking her chops. �Ashley, your shit is so delicious. I love it.� Babe picked up a smaller piece and held it up. �Ashley, turn around and try this.� Ashley turned and babe put the piece of shit in Ashley&#8217;s mouth. Ashley chewed it and swallowed her own feces. Looking at Babe, she said �I like yours better, darling.� Hearing the word darling brought moisture to Babe&#8217;s eyes. �I love you Ashley,� said Babe through shit-stained teeth.� �I love you too, Babe,� replied Ashley. �Bring your ass on my mouth so I can clean your hole.� Ashley lowered her ass so that Babe could reach it with her mouth, and Babe used her tongue and lips to make Ashley&#8217;s crack and hole as clean as could be.

Now it was Babe&#8217;s turn to shit on Ashley. Ashley lay down and watched as Babe squatted over her. Babe was facing Ashley&#8217;s cunt, her huge ass hovering about six inches over Ashley&#8217;s head. Ashley reached up with her hands and spread Babe&#8217;s asscheeks. Her cunt was sopping wet. �Babe, I&#8217;m so hot from looking at your magnificent ass. My pussy is soaked.� �Do not come yet, Ashley,� said Babe in a stern tone. �How hot do you think you&#8217;ll be as I shit, and as you eat it?� �Oh my god, Babe,� said Ashley, �I don&#8217;t know if I can even imagine it. Maybe as hot as the first day we were together?� �I think you&#8217;ll be much hotter than that, and as we spend more time together, you&#8217;ll reach levels of ecstasy that you can&#8217;t yet imagine. Remember that I know a lot more about this than you.� With that, Babe pushed and a big turd emerged from Babe&#8217;s ass. Ashley reached up and got the end of it in her mouth and, like the first time she ate Babe&#8217;s shit, was able to get the piece intact in her mouth. Babe continued to drop a load on Ashley&#8217;s face and tits and then let out with a wet fart. This sprayed loose shit over Ashley&#8217;s face and hair. Ashley was shoveling the shit in her mouth and savoring every bit of it. Babe could see Ashley&#8217;s pussy oozing cunt juice as she tuned around carefully so as not to put any of her body weight on Ashley. Babe picked up a piece of her own shit and munched on it. The two lovers looked at each other as they both ate Babe&#8217;s hot shit. Ashley really loved the stuff, that much was obvious. Soon it was all gone. Babe got on all fours so that Ashley could get her face in Babe&#8217;s ass crack and cleanse her anus. This Ashley did, literally burying her face in Babe&#8217;s ass, licking and sucking like a wild person.

Now it was orgasm time. First, Babe would give Ashley her much needed release. Ashley lay on her back as Babe lay with her face next to Ashley&#8217;s cunt. Babe licked it, loving the taste of it, thinking this was the best out of all of the pussy she had in her life, which was considerable. She decided then and there that she would ask Goddess Phyllis for permission to marry this girl. Babe inserted her tongue and rubbed her upper lip on Ashley&#8217;s clit. This sent Ashley off into heaven, and she bucked wildly as orgasm ran through her body. Babe did not stop for a second as she brought Ashley to four consecutive, mind-blowing orgasms.

Babe lay on her back and pulled her knees up to her 58DDD tits. She pulled her legs apart and arched her back. �Ashley, get that pillow under my ass. Ashley pushed the pillow under Babe&#8217;s ass as instructed. This left Babe&#8217;s pussy nice and open and easy to get to. Ashley didn&#8217;t need to be told what to do. She almost dove into Babe&#8217;s pussy, licking each lip and sucking the juice and sticking her tongue in as far as she could. She tried tongue fucking Babe&#8217;s cunt but it was too big for that although it was fun for both. Ashley sucked on Babe&#8217;s clit and was rewarded with a flow or orgasm juice emanating from Babe&#8217;s cunt and going right into Ashley&#8217;s eagerly sucking mouth. Ashley kept sucking and Babe kept coming. After an indeterminate number of orgasms, Ashley stopped sucking and slid up Babe&#8217;s big body so that they were face to face. Without saying a word, Ashley planted her mouth on Babe&#8217;s and let some of the come that she had kept in her mouth flow into Babe. This morphed into a passionate kiss and, knowing that Ashley was likely hot again from sucking her lover&#8217;s cunt, Babe lightly played with Ashley&#8217;s clit as the younger girl trembled with another orgasm. As Ashley slid off into slumber, her last thought was of Babe&#8217;s cunt and how she wanted to never, ever be away from it.

So ended breakfast in bed. It was practically lunch time by now, anyway.











Chapter 65 &#8211; Ashley&#8217;s Friends

Babe had Ashley call her friend Barbie and have her come to the club later to apply for the job that was originally given to Ashley, but no way was Babe going to allow her little lover to work in front of all of those lesbians. Barbie was enticed by the lure of making over a thousand dollars a night and agreed to come over at three in the afternoon. Barbie was the blonde with the nice 36 D tits, quite pretty and a smoking hot body. Ashley and she had exchanged some drunken kisses once or twice, but that was the extent of Barbie&#8217;s lesbian experience. Babe would have Ashley make some initial advances toward Barbie; Ashley thought Barbie would be responsive. Then Babe would make her entrance and take over, and they would see what developed.

Barbie was prompt and Ashley let her into the not yet open club, which seemed cavernous when it was empty like this. �Hi Barbie,� said Ashley happily, �I haven&#8217;t seen you in such a long time.� With that, Ashley put her arms around the taller girl and planted a firm kiss right on her mouth. Barbie was just a little flustered, but figured it was just that they really hadn&#8217;t seen each other in so long. �Hi Ash, it&#8217;s been too long. You look great! You seem so radiant and happy.� Ashley smiled. �Barb, I&#8217;m in love. I&#8217;ll tell you al about it, but let&#8217;s go in the office.� Ashley took Barbie by the hand and led her to the office in the back of the club. 

�This is some place,� said Barbie. �The club or this office?� asked Ashley. �Both,� replied Barbie. Ashley led the unsuspecting girl over to the couch and they both sat down. Ashley immediately put her arm around Barbie&#8217;s shoulder and a hand on her thigh and started kissing her. Ashley was leaning on Barbie&#8217;s chest, preventing Barbie from moving or pushing her away. Ashley&#8217;s tongue was exploring Barbie&#8217;s mouth and her hand was squeezing the milky thigh of the blonde beauty. Barbie wasn&#8217;t fighting this but she wasn&#8217;t responding too much, either. Ashley moved her hand up Barbie&#8217;s thigh and put it on top of her pussy. It was warm. Ashley kissed harder and slightly tightened her grip on Barbie&#8217;s cunt. Ahh, Barbie is starting to get wet, thought Ashley. Indeed, Barbie was definitely responding to Ashley&#8217;s kisses. Ashley began to gently squeeze the wet thong with the hairless snatch inside of it when a back door in the office opened and out came Babe. Ashley broke the embrace as they watched Babe enter the room.

Barbie&#8217;s mouth went agape when she saw the massive size of Babe and those 58DDDs flopping down. Babe was huge, a four hundred pounder on a five nine or ten frame, with that beautiful face, short black hair and dominating aura. Ashley watched her friend&#8217;s reaction and smiled. Her own reaction wasn&#8217;t that difference at first until the first kiss. Then it was light&#8217;s out. �Barbie,� said Ashley, �I&#8217;d like to introduce you to my lover. Actually, lover is not strong enough. This is the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with.� Barbie looked at Ashley with an expression of shock. Ashley smiled. �Don&#8217;t look so surprised, Barbie,� she said. �You&#8217;ll see why very soon.� Babe walked over to the couch, and sat on the other side of Barbie. Wasting no time and not saying a word, Babe pulled Barbie toward her huge body and wrapped her arms around her in a really hard hug and began kissing her. Hard, rough kisses, but Barbie, already hot from her making out with Ashley, was responding. Babe&#8217;s hand replaced Ashley&#8217;s on Barbie&#8217;s now pretty wet cunt and ripped the thong right off of her. Babe pulled the dress off of Barbie. �Nice tits, blondie,� were the first words that Babe spoke. �Ashley told me you had a great body, and she was not kidding.� Babe pushed Barbie down as she lowered her mouth to Barbie&#8217;s hairless pussy. Babe kissed the girl&#8217;s pussy and sucked on the lips. She inserted her tongue and moved it all around. Babe kissed Barbie&#8217;s clit and began to lightly suck on it.

Babe was getting Barbie close to orgasm when she stopped. Turning around, Babe spread her ass cheeks and lowered herself onto Barbie&#8217;s mouth. �Suck her asshole, Barbie,� encouraged Ashley. �It&#8217;s delicious.� Barbie extended her tongue out and inserted it in Babe&#8217;s outlandishly large anal opening. She moved it around and sucked. Barbie&#8217;s head was spinning as she could not believe that she was sucking an asshole, and one of a woman ten times her size. But she was, and she was getting hotter and hotter. Babe lifted up to give Barbie a chance to catch her breath. She moved a little so that her cunt was now over the young blonde&#8217;s mouth. Babe lowered herself onto Barbie&#8217;s mouth. �Suck it, Barbie, suck that magnificent pussy,� implored Ashley. Barbie did suck that pussy, and as Babe lifted up a bit, she was able to suck the labial lips and suck in some of Babe&#8217;s cunt juice. �Eat her, Ashley,� ordered Babe. �Oh, thank you Babe,� replied Ashley as she went down on her friend. With all of the practice she&#8217;d been having, Ashley was now quite an excellent pussy eater and she was driving her friend wild. As Barbie began to have the best orgasm of her life, Babe turned around, aimed her cunt at the blonde girl&#8217;s face and let loose a hot stream of urine. Instinctively, Barbie opened her mouth to get some of the hot liquid inside her. She was shaking wildly on her bottom end with multiple orgasms egged on by having this woman urinate on her. And she was loving it. 

Ashley let go of Barbie&#8217;s cunt as the girl&#8217;s orgasms subsided. She licked some of her lover&#8217;s pee off of her friend&#8217;s face. �Did you like my lover peeing on you, Barbie?� asked Ashley. �Yes, it tasted so good,� replied Barbie in a dreamy manner. Babe gave Ashley a nod. �Barbie,� said Ashley, �Babe wants to shit on you. She wants to take a dump on you and have you eat it. Do you want that?� Barbie was horrified. Could Ashley be serious? Barbie didn&#8217;t know what to say. As she was thinking, Babe turned again so that her ass hovered over Barbie&#8217;s face. Babe squeezed a bit and a nice big piece of shit emerged from her ass and fell onto Barbie&#8217;s face. And another. And another. Barbie couldn&#8217;t move as Babe&#8217;s knees were on her arms, pinning her down. Babe leaned forward and was teasing Barbie&#8217;s pussy with her tongue as Ashley spread Babe&#8217;s ass and began to lick her clean. Ashley licked one side, then the other, then the hole, getting her tongue as far up as possible. After cleansing her lover&#8217;s anus, she turned toward her friend, picked up a piece of Babe&#8217;s shit, and put it on Barbie&#8217;s lips. �Eat it,� ordered Ashley. Hearing this, Babe turned around to watch her lover feed her shit to the new girl. �Chew it,� ordered Ashley. Hearing Ashley talk like this was getting Babe very hot. Barbie was now chewing the shit. Ashley picked up a piece and began eating it. She so loved eating Babe&#8217;s shit. The sight of Ashley and Barbie both feasting on Babe&#8217;s shit was too much for Babe. �Ashley, I&#8217;m super hot. Suck me.� Ashley, with the grace and speed of a cat, leapt to Babe&#8217;s pussy and sucked the engorged clit. Babe immediately came in Ashley&#8217;s greedily sucking mouth. Ashley slurped up every drop as Babe stroked her hair. Barbie was watching and still eating the shit. �Play with your cunt, blondie,� ordered Babe. Barbie put her hand on her cunt, played with the clit, and soon was bucking her hips in another mind blowing shit induced orgasm.

Ashley and Babe looked at each other and smiled. Barbie was theirs.










Chapter 66 &#8211; Ashley&#8217;s Friends, Part 2

Barbie cleaned up the residue shit and piss and made the area presentable. Unbeknownst to her, a mutual friend of Ashley and her, Lainey, was due in shortly. And Barbie, again unbeknownst to her, was going to help. The seduction of Barbie had worked out better than Babe and Ashley has hoped, and they thought that the next one would go as well or better.

At five o&#8217;clock, the buzzer rang, indicating that someone was the front door. It was still hours until the club opened, so it had to be Lainey, and it was. Ashley went to get the door while Barbie hung in the office with Babe. Barbie was still trying to come to grips with the fact that her best friend was now a lesbian in love with this huge beautiful woman and that she was now a shit eating, piss drinking little whore. After all, she masturbated while eating shit and had a great orgasm. What else could she be?

As Ashley and Lainey entered the office, Ashley smiled and Lainey&#8217;s mouth fell open. There was her friend Barbie sitting on the lap of the largest woman she had ever seen and Barbie was sucking on the biggest tit that Lainey had ever seen. And they were both naked. Ashley took her hand and led her closer. There was no resistance on Lainey&#8217;s part. As they got nearer, Lainey could see the beauty of Babe. She also felt Ashley&#8217;s hands pulling her dress down. �Ashley, what are you doing?� asked Lainey. Ashley slipped her hand between Lainey&#8217;s thighs and squeezed that little pussy as she let her own dress fall to the floor. Now all four women were naked except for Lainey&#8217;s thong. Ashley removed her hand from Lainey&#8217;s pussy and escorted her to Babe.

Babe liked Lainey. Where Barbie was taller and had bigger tits, Lainey was more petite, built like Ashley although her tits were a little smaller, her ass was not as round and she was not as beautiful as Ashley, but then, who was? Ashley brought Lainey even closer as Babe gently pushed Barbie off of her lap. Ashley pushed Lainey right up to Babe, and Babe stood up. With the difference in height, Lainey&#8217;s head lined up perfectly with Babe&#8217;s chest, and Babe lifted her left tit and presented it to Lainey. Ashley put her hand on the back of her friend&#8217;s head and lightly pushed it forward toward Babe&#8217;s erect nipple. Lainey took the nipple in her mouth and sucked on it. �Do you like it?� asked Babe.&nbsp; Lainey nodded yes as she continued to suck. Babe moved her head to the other tit so that Lainey had a chance to taste both.&nbsp; Holding on to Lainey, Babe sat back down on the couch with Lainey on her lap, still suckling her nipples.

Babe looked at Ashley. Ashley was smiling and gently rubbing her clit. �Ashley, why don&#8217;t you get your strap-on and see if Barbie wants to get fucked in the ass.� Ashley got the strap-on from out of Babe&#8217;s desk and put it on. This was her strap-on, a present from Babe. It fit her perfectly, with the little nub lined up against her clit. �Barbie, get on all fours right here,� ordered Ashley while pointing to a cushioned coffee table in front on the couch. Barbie did not hesitate and assumed the doggie position as instructed. Ashley took some of Barbie&#8217;s cunt juice and spread it on the head of the dildo. She lined it up against Barbie&#8217;s hole and pushed. Barbie emitted a soft moan. The dildo was not super-sized and Ashley was gentle, sliding the dildo all the way in and pulling it out. Babe pulled Lainey away from her nipple so that she could watch her friend getting ass fucked by her other friend. As Ashley picked up the tempo, Babe ripped Lainey&#8217;s now soaked thong off and played with the girl&#8217;s clit. As Lainey looked on, Ashley was now really giving Barbie a good, hard ass fucking. �Do you like it Barbie?� asked Ashley in a sort of out of breath voice. She was working hard. �Yes, Ashley, fuck me as hard as you want,� replied Barbie. As the fucking continued, Ashley said to Barbie, �Tell Lainey what you did just before.� Barbie was getting all juiced up from the ass fucking and her voice took on a throaty quality. �I ate Babe&#8217;s shit, Lainey. Babe shit on my face and chest and I ate all of it except for some that Ashley ate. And I masturbated while eating shit.� Lainey was astounded.

Babe could feel how wet Lainey was, so she had the girl lay down and proceeded to explore her cunt. As we all know by now, Babe is expert at eating pussy, and the combination of her talented tongue along with Ashley now furiously fucking Barbie caused Lainey to have an explosive orgasm. Babe continued sucking the pussy and Lainey could not control herself as she continued to orgasm and then began to pee. Babe had Ashley push Barbie over to her and had Barbie put her mouth on Lainey&#8217;s cunt and drink her pee. Lainey was wild with passion and grabbed Barbie&#8217;s head and held it tightly against her cunt as the pee continued to flow. Barbie could not keep up with it and the pee was going all over her face and Babe&#8217;s hands. Lainey was still coming after the peeing ended as Barbie kept sucking. �Barbie, clean up your friend&#8217;s mess here, and don&#8217;t dawdle,� ordered Babe. Ashley withdrew from Barbie and took off her strap-on. Barbie licked up as much as was possible, while Babe took Lainey&#8217;s face in her hand and gave her a firm look. For Lainey&#8217;s part, however, all she could return was a rather limp look in response. 

�Lainey, I must apologize that I don&#8217;t have any more shit left,� said Babe. Barbie here pigged out; Ashley didn&#8217;t even get to have much, and she does love my shit so, don&#8217;t you Ashley?� Ashley smiled. �I absolutely do love it, Babe. I love to eat it and rub it on myself and suck it right out of your ass.� Babe beamed. �Isn&#8217;t she wonderful?� asked Babe to no one in particular. �Well, Lainey, I&#8217;m empty but maybe Ashley has something for you. How about it, lover?� asked big Babe. �You know it, my love,� said Ashley as she proceeded to climb onto Lainey&#8217;s chest, facing her cunt which was being now licked by Babe again. Ashley had the need to shit for a couple of hours now but was learning to control her bodily functions as Babe commanded. She relaxed her sphincter and let loose a gorgeous, smooth six-inch long turd right into Lainey&#8217;s open mouth. This was followed by several smaller pieces, a shit ball or two and culminated with a strong, wet fart that got Lainey right in the mouth. Babe left Lainey&#8217;s pussy so that she could lick Ashley&#8217;s ass clean. Babe took both of Ashley&#8217;s ass cheeks, one in each hand spread them and proceeded to lick Ashley&#8217;s shitty ass, up one side and down the other a couple of times and then sticking her tongue in Ashley&#8217;s still small but growing daily asshole. Babe was savoring every moment. Ashley looked at Lainey laying there with the turd standing tall out of her mouth and had a great idea. �Barbie, come here and put your mouth on the other end of this piece of shit sticking out of Lainey&#8217;s mouth. I want the two of you to eat my shit and meet in the middle with a big kiss. Will you do that for me and for Babe?� Barbie immediately went to Lainey saying, �Yes, Ashley, anything you want.�

Babe watched Barbie put her lips around the shit sticking out of Lainey&#8217;s mouth and after cleaning Ashley&#8217;s asshole, she was so hot that she had to give herself a quickie. Babe pinched her clit and came immediately. She took her come filled hand and gave it to Ashley to enjoy. After Ashley licked Babe&#8217;s hand, she told her friends to commence eating. Babe and Ashley watched Barbie from the top and Lainey from the bottom eating Ashley&#8217;s shit. Slowly, they were getting closer as the piece of shit was disappearing. When it was gone, Barbie and Lainey were mouth to mouth and kissed. What started as a kiss turned rapidly into a passionate embrace, with Lainey reaching up to wrap her arms around Barbie. Babe was quick in grabbing the rest of Ashley&#8217;s shit and shoveling it in her mouth. She loved it so and it made her big pussy so wet. As Babe was munching down the turds, Ashley slipped between her huge thighs and began sucking the pussy that had come to dominate her life. She was rewarded when Babe came in her mouth.

For the finishing touch, Babe ordered Barbie and Lainey to get in the sixty-nine position and suck each other. They greedily sucked the other&#8217;s pussy until both were coming like the little whores that they were. Babe lay back and has Ashley get on top of her so they could mutually suck each other. And they did, for a long time.

Babe and Ashley now had total control over the two girls. Next step was to bring them before Goddess Phyllis for approval.










Chapter 67 &#8211; Ashley&#8217;s Friends and the Goddesses

The day after the events described earlier, Babe and Ashley made a call to Goddess Phyllis. Babe explained about the two new little beauties and asked for Goddess Phyllis to meet them and give Her approval. Goddess Phyllis, always loving new pussy and especially interested in the new relationship between Babe and Ashley, told them to get over quickly. Babe had taken Lanie and Barbie to her section of the Goddess Phyllis mansion where she lived with her girls: Bliss, Patricia, Jojo, Dawn, Rochelle, Fat Angel, Jennifer and mom Ethel. These girls were all devoted to Babe and also worked Babe&#8217;s Club, as it was called, at night. All of these girls were jealous of Ashley and Babe&#8217;s love for her, but there was nothing they could do about it. When they saw two new girls, they were a bit more upset, but dare not let on to Babe. Babe could be extremely seductive, loving, nurturing and tender, but if you pissed her off, she could and would break you, physically and mentally.

After quick introductions, Babe and Ashley headed toward the living area of Goddess Phyllis, with Barbie and Lanie on leashes like the dogs they had become. Goddess Chemaine let out a hoot as she saw these girls being led in on a leash held by the beautiful Ashley, their �friend.� �Becca, I thought we were meeting some girls. They look like dogs,� she said. Rebecca laughed. �Yeah, and dos that need their asses fucked, too.� Goddess Phyllis smiled and nodded approval as her daughters/wives strapped on their, well, strap-ons. �Have they had their asses fucked, Babe?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, Ashley fucked blondie here and I had my arm up both of their asses,� replied Babe. �Yeah, I bet you have,� chuckled Goddess Phyllis. �Sluts,� ordered Goddess Phyllis, �assume the position.� Babe pointed to the floor with four fingers held down, and the dumb new cunts apparently got the message. They got on all fours as the floor rose underneath them, bringing them up to perfect height for the two small Goddesses to ream them. Chemaine took Barbie, the blonde while Rebecca got Lainey, the smaller of the two.

I was so lucky to be in the corner for all of this. I thought that perhaps everyone forgot about me, but Goddess Phyllis forgets nothing. She glanced at me and gave me a wink. My already erect cock could have exploded right then, but I had developed the kind of strong control borne by fear, fear of whipping and claws and electrocution, but most of all, fear of not being part of this group. Well, I wasn&#8217;t considered a part, but I was Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s personal property, the shit-eating champ and totally obedient. So, I was allowed to be around sights like this.

Chemaine lubed the head of her dildo with Barbie&#8217;s cunt juice and Rebecca did the same with Lainey&#8217;s cunt. The sisters/wives pushed in at the same time and deep, too. They pulled out together and plunged in again together. Rebecca and Chemaine were giving the newbies a tandem fucking, much to the delight of Goddess Phyllis, Babe and Ashley. Ashley was sitting on Babe&#8217;s right leg with Goddess Phyllis next to her on the right. Being in between these two majestic women was making Ashley awfully hot. Combine this with the sight in front of them, her two friends being fucked hard by two lightly brown skinned goddesses, was too much. Ashley was dripping cunt juice on Babe&#8217;s thigh as the fucking intensified. Babe scooped some up on her finger and presented it to Goddess Phyllis. The Golden One sniffed it, licked it, smiled and said �damn, Ashley, you have a delicious pussy. Really good.� Ashley blushed while Babe beamed with pride. This was high praise coming from Goddess Phyllis and it bore out what Babe had thought from the beginning; that Ashley was far from ordinary and was superior, in libido, body, brain and heart. All four of these belonged to Babe, but Babe reciprocated these feelings back to Ashley. That was the difference. Many, many had fallen in love with Babe, but never before had Babe fallen for someone, at least not to this magnitude.

As the fucking continued, now it was solos, no more tandem. Chemaine was moving like a bulldozer, plowing the dildo into Barbie&#8217;s raw ass with a fierceness that belayed the sweet, angelic face. Rebecca, a true master, was moving in and out of Lainey with such speed that she almost seemed a blur at one point. The girls were getting a good work out, and Goddess Phyllis decided to step down, position herself between Ashley&#8217;s milky thighs, and Begin to eat Ashley&#8217;s cunt. Babe was a bit surprised as this was not typical Goddess Phyllis behavior, but Ashley immediately began moaning and gyrating her ass in her seat. Goddess Phyllis was an expert and she was bringing Ashley to a wonderful orgasm in a matter of about one minute. As Goddess Phyllis was making Ashley explode, she stuck her hand out and placed it on Babe&#8217;s cunt. She proceeded to fuck this huge cunt with two fingers, her own imposed limit, and Babe was gushing cunt juice al over Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s hand. Goddess Phyllis took this hand and placed it in Ashley&#8217;s mouth, forcing Ashley&#8217;s orgasm to continue and continue. Again, Goddess Phyllis reached over, got some nectar on her hand, and fed it to Ashley as the poor young girl could take no more and, with one last heave of her hips, trembled and bucked and dripped come into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth in a blissful orgasm that, unfortunately, caused her to pass out. Goddess Phyllis shared this delightful mouthful of cunt juice with Babe in a hot kiss.

After Barbie and Lainey had been fucked for close to forty-fie minutes, Goddess Phyllis got up, walked over to them, and first with Lainey and then Barbie, squeezed their clits until they exploded in orgasmic pleasure mixed with the pain of anal rape. As was their style, Chemaine and Rebecca continued plunging into the now fucked-raw assholes of the two girls until they passed out. Only then did the two smaller and younger Goddesses pull out. They undid their harnesses, slid off the strap-ons and sucked the hell out of the plastic cocks. As they did this, Rebecca and Chemaine played with their pussies until they came.

Everyone has orgasms except for Babe and Goddess Phyllis. That soon changed as Goddess Phyllis whispered in Babe&#8217;s ear. Babe grinned and straddled Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face while her mouth was positioned right above Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s golden cunt. Babe began clenching and unclenching her cunt muscles, causing her pussy to drip nectar right into Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth. This technique was called the Elly Drip, after mommy Elly&#8217;s discovery of the technique a few months ago. It was getting Goddess Phyllis very hot, and Babe began to lightly lick Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy. The act of this was blowing Babe&#8217;s mind and caused her drip to increase in rate, making Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunt even wetter, which made Babe&#8217;s drip even faster, which made, well�you get the idea. As Babe felt like she could take no more, she lowered her cunt onto Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth as she began to suck Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s clit and entire cunt. Goddess Phyllis wrapped her arms around Babe&#8217;s massive ass cheeks and gave Babe the sucking of a lifetime and the two of them had incredibly strong, long and delightful orgasms. 

Barbie and Lainey were now official members of the queendom of Goddess Phyllis. 










Chapter 68 &#8211; Babe, Ashley and Dog

Ashley awoke from the best orgasm of her life to see her two friends, Barbie and Lainey, lying on the fucking table with their asses bleeding. Goddess Phyllis saw this and summoned doggy Linda, formerly Nurse Linda. Linda crawled in on a leash held by her daughter, Lindsay. Linda looked at Barbie and spread her ass cheeks. The young blonde had been fucked raw and had a layer of skin fucked off, but no permanent tearing or other damage. The same was true of Lainey; a very raw anus, but it would heal. Nurse Linda rubbed a soothing balm up the asses of both girls. �Goddess Phyllis,� said the dog, �they will be fine, but I recommend that they not be fucked for about two days.� �Ok, dog Linda,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Ashley had been looking dog Linda over from top to bottom. �Babe, the dog is nice looking and seems to have a pretty, shaved pussy,� she said about the 340 lb. crew-cutted blonde former nurse. �I&#8217;d like to try her pussy.� Babe looked at Goddess Phyllis who shrugged her shoulders in a �why not� manner. �Dog, lay down, my baby wants to eat you. Isn&#8217;t this your lucky day?� said Babe. Linda lay down and Ashley got in the sixty-nine position, except that her cunt was lying on Linda&#8217;s tits due to the size difference. Ashley lowered her mouth to Linda&#8217;s cunt and stuck out her tongue, running it down one side and up the other. Ashley inserted her tongue in Linda&#8217;s pussy and was very pleasantly surprised. �Babe,� said Ashley, �this cunt is delicious.� Babe knelt down by Linda&#8217;s cunt, her face right next to Ashley&#8217;s. Babe had to give her a big kiss on the mouth, and could immediately taste Linda&#8217;s cunt. �Ummm,� said Babe as she dipped her tongue in for a better taste. It wound up where Linda was having her cunt sucked by both Babe and Ashley and was writhing and squirming in pure delight.

Goddess Phyllis was watching this with Rebecca and Chemaine at her side. �Maybe we need to revisit this dog business, girls, what do you think?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine spoke first since Linda was her dog, having been a fifteenth birthday present from Goddess Phyllis. �Fine with me, Goddess Phyllis,� she said. Rebecca concurred. As Linda began moaning and shaking under the intense licking she was receiving from Babe and Ashley, and exploded in an orgasm that was wonderful to see. The big bodied blonde shaking like a vat full of jelly. 

�Babe,� said Goddess Phyllis, �what is your opinion?� �Goddess Phyllis, this is a fine cunt. Great taste, great smell.� �Would you want her and her daughter for your group?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Absolutely, Goddess Phyllis� said Babe. Goddess Phyllis looked at Linda and Lindsay. �Linda, would you like to stop being a dog and return to a human life? And be able to dominate Lindsay again, with Babe&#8217;s approval?� Goddess Phyllis smiled. She knew Linda would say yes, and this was actually part of her plan. Goddess Phyllis knew that Babe wanted to marry Ashley and she would definitely approve of that. When this occurred, Goddess Phyllis would invite the newlyweds to join her special group of married couples of opposite sizes. This would be her mommy, Elly and wife Seka, the still gorgeous former porn queen, along with super-sized Oz and her beautiful wife Jessica. Big Babe and Ashley would fit in perfectly, and Linda, if her dominant nature returned as expected, could take over Babe&#8217;s group.

Lindsay gulped as her mother said �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I would be so happy to be human again and to serve in Babe&#8217;s group.� She looked at her daughter. �And Lindsay deserves some payback for her treatment of me for the past several months. �Then I decree that Linda is a dog no longer and is now, along with Lindsay, members of Babe&#8217;s group,� announced Goddess Phyllis. �And the first order of business is for Linda to reestablish dominance over her daughter. Do you agree, Babe?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Babe broke out in a huge, sneering grin. �I absolutely agree, Goddess Phyllis,� she said.&nbsp; �Go ahead, Linda,� said Goddess Phyllis.

Linda got up and took her daughter by the hand. �What have you called me for the past several months, Lindsay? �Doggy mommy,� said the scared, seventeen year-old girl. Whap. A vicious slap to the face by Linda left Lindsay with blood trickling from the side of her mouth. �What did you call me?� repeated Linda. �Doggy mommy,� said Lindsay with a quiver in her voice. Wham! A slap to the other side of her face. Now Lindsay was bleeding from both sides of her mouth. �What did you call me?� repeated Linda for a third time. �Doggy mommy,� said Lindsay, now openly sobbing. Linda made a fist and plowed it into Lindsay&#8217;s stomach, causing her to double over. Linda sent her flying to the floor with a knee to the side of her head. �Give it to her,� yelled Goddess Phyllis. Spurred on by this, Linda sat on her daughter&#8217;s chest, taking the air away from the girl, her daughter, who was half of her size, and reigned slap after slap on the poor girl&#8217;s face. Turning around, Linda was now kneeling over Lindsay&#8217;s head as she grabbed Lindsay&#8217;s stomach and squeezed, causing the girl to scream out in pain. �May I shit on her, Goddess Phyllis?� asked Linda. �Babe, these are your girls now; you answer,� said Goddess Phyllis. Babe smiled. �By all means, Linda,� said Babe as she wrapped her arm around Ashley and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Linda proceeded to let loose a healthy dump on her daughter&#8217;s head and chest. �Eat it, bitch! Feed yourself all of it, and be quick about it or I&#8217;ll get angry!� yelled Linda. Lindsay, no stranger to her mother&#8217;s shit having had to eat it for years, chewed the shit that had gone into her mouth and then began taking double handfuls of it and shoving that into her mouth. In a matter of minutes, Lindsay had managed to eat up all of her mother&#8217;s excrement. As she finished, she felt her mommy&#8217;s hand on her cunt, playing with it in that special way that caused Lindsay to come.

The dog was now the master again. At least of her daughter. Linda was now n the service of Babe, but as it will turn out, not for long. Better things are in store for all concerned. 











Chapter 69 &#8211; Babe and Ashley&#8217;s Wedding

As Linda and Lindsay were sent off to Babe&#8217;s domicile, Babe and Ashley were left with the Goddesses. Ashley was sitting on Babe&#8217;s lap, snuggled against her massive 58DDDs and purring like a kitten. Babe had her mouth on Ashley&#8217;s hair and was lightly kissing her lover&#8217;s head and beautiful, shiny hair. Goddess Phyllis looked at Babe. �Babe, would you like to marry Ashley?� Babe mouth went agape. �Oh Goddess Phyllis, I want that more than anything, but I feared asking as I was afraid you&#8217;d say no.� �Well, I heartily approve,� said the Golden One. Babe looked at Ashley, and really, there were no words that needed to be spoken. They kissed, a passionate kiss in which it almost seemed like Ashley disappeared within Babe&#8217;s girth. The embrace went on for several moments with both girls getting quite hot and wet. �The wedding will be tomorrow night,� proclaimed Goddess Phyllis. �Goddess Rebecca, you and Goddess Chemaine make the arrangements. I want the usual entertainment; a shit-eating contest with shit-boy and the two new girls, Barbie and Lainey. I want an asshole size contest, with Rhonda and Dottie. Babe can sit this one out. And lastly, a wrestling match. Linda looks strong. I think all of those months as a dog walking on all fours did a lot for her arm strength. And Joy likes a good fight.� Rebecca said, �We&#8217;ll get this going, Goddess Phyllis. Don&#8217;t you think that Linda will kick Babe&#8217;s ass?� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �I&#8217;m counting on it.�

The wedding night came and the big hall in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mansion was packed. Even PattyV and Arlene were here. Goddess Phyllis herself would give Babe away while Rebecca and Chemaine would do the same with Ashley. Babe and Ashley were wearing matching white satin sashes around theirs vastly different sized waists, and, of course, nothing else except dildos in their asses. As was the custom, everyone in attendance was wearing a dildo stuck up their asshole, except for Patty and Arlene and Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis would run the proceedings, with the judge performing the legal part and the priest there to mock any religion that didn&#8217;t have Goddess Phyllis as the true god. 

Goddess Phyllis and Babe entered, arm in arm. Goddess Phyllis was, as always, totally naked; Babe had the sash and a rubber arm sticking out of her ass; she and Ashley thought this would be a nice touch, and the crowd appreciated it. Ashley entered, with Rebecca on her left arm and Chemaine on the right. Ashley was positively glowing with the look of love. The two young Goddesses brought Ashley up to Babe, and the soon to be married couple kissed as Goddess Phyllis went up on the stage and Rebecca and Chemaine sat off to the side in the place of honor. Goddess Phyllis spoke. �We are gathered here to join in marriage big, beautiful Babe and small, beautiful Ashley. These two are very much in love.� Goddess Phyllis looked at Ashley. �Ashley,� She said, �do you promise to obey and worship Babe for the rest of your life? Do you vow to devote yourself to serving this women and her pleasure being your life&#8217;s reward?� Ashley looked at Babe and then Goddess Phyllis and said in a strong and proud voice, �Yes I do, Goddess Phyllis.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Very good. Babe, do you promise to protect and nurture Ashley, to treat her as a delicate flower and to ensure that she has a life time of pleasure?� Babe smiled and said, �I do, Goddess Phyllis.� �That being agreed upon, I pronounce you married. To make it legal, the judge will decree this a legal marriage.� The judge, at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s orders before the ceremony got started, was sucking on the priest&#8217;s cock and had already made him come twice. The judge, still married to Elena, former group leader and now slut to Joy, pronounced them married as he wiped the cum off of his chin. �Now holy man,� mocked Goddess Phyllis, �do your thing.� The priest stood up, his cock limp (he was naked except for a vestment around his shoulders) and pronounced them married in the eyes of god. �Good,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Now holy man, you suck off the judge while we get the festivities going.� The priest crawled over to the judge and began sucking his throbbing cock to several orgasms.

The reigning queen of assholes, Rhonda, Chemaine&#8217;s biological mommy, came out, as did Dotty, mother of KathyJ and leader of the group that now had super sized Lisa and daughter Brianna. Rebecca inserted the measuring stick in Rhonda&#8217;s unbelievably huge hole, a hole that Chemaine stuck a watermelon in, and announced the size as 110 mm, and increase of five mm from last time. The crowd roared with approval. Rebecca put the probe like device in Dottie&#8217;s asshole and announced the reading as 92mm, and increase from the 88 of last month. Both girls received a round of applause as they exited.

The smell of shit wafted through the air as I came out on stage on all fours with three platters of shit before me. There were only three as Babe did not think that Barbie and Lainey could eat much, and she was correct. I had the pleasure of devouring all three of my platters, which contained the shit from the three goddesses before the two newbies could make a dent in platter 2. Their shit was from Babe&#8217;s girls and was nowhere nearly as delicious as mine. Goddess Phyllis ordered them to finish the platters anyway (which made me happy as I was spoiled from eating the best shit in the world). The crowd gave me a round of applause and Goddess Phyllis whispered to me that I would have a treat later on. My cock was throbbing with that news, as well as from the shit I had just eaten.

The last official event of the night before the orgy began was a wrestling match between Linda, nurse, former dog and big, strong 340 pounder and Joy, the dominant who took Elena&#8217;s group, weighed 360 with most of that seemingly in her bib belly. The bell rang and it was apparent that Linda, for all of her size, was much faster than joy. Linda landed two quick punches to the face that stunned Joy and followed this up with a hard kick right into Joy&#8217;s ample midsection. Joy doubled over, and Linda wrapped Joy&#8217;s head inside her thighs, lifted Joy up from the waist and delivered a perfect pile driver. The crowd cheered as Linda got up and stood over Joy. It appeared that Joy was knocked out, but that didn&#8217;t stop Linda from doing a double knee drop onto Joy&#8217;s head. If she wasn&#8217;t knocked out before, she was now. Linda stood on Joy&#8217;s shoulders for a ten count and was pronounced the winner. As the crowd cheered Linda, and Joy was carried out of the ring on a stretcher, Goddess Phyllis made an announcement.

�Ladies. Heed my word. Babe and Ashley are joining my married group of mommy and Seka and Oz and Jessica.� The crowd of wet cunted ladies applauded. �And,� continued Goddess Phyllis, Linda will be taking over command of Babe&#8217;s former group!�










Chapter 70 &#8211; Dr. Sherry

PattyV and Arlene were on the board of trustees of a major hospital and were also major contributors. This gave them a lot of control over what was done, and they wanted their personal physician, Dr. Sherry, to become Chief of Medicine. As the two supreme beings not only had two votes on the board, they also had compromising photos of all of the other members, four male and one female. Needless to say, Dr. Sherry was confirmed by a 7-0 vote.

There was no questioning Dr. Sherry&#8217;s credentials or abilities. Graduating college at age 20 and medical school at 23, Sherry interned at NY Medical Center and did her residencies at her current locale, Eastern Hospital for Surgery. Sherry did not have one specialty; she had three. She was an ob/gyn, an internist and a surgeon. She had spent twenty-five years at Eastern in addition to her private practice. Her practice was now very private, consisting of Patty and Arlene. Sherry had been the head of Obstetrics and Gynecology and also Director of Surgery. She had been offered the Chief of Medicine position previously, but never agreed to it until now.

Sherry was, in a word, gorgeous. Standing a couple of inches under six feet, her body had maintained its younger measurements of 38 (DD), 28, 38. Her body was beautifully toned; her face was wrinkle free even at age 50. With shoulder length brown hair and strong cheekbones reflecting her Native American heritage, she was stunning. It was this beauty that had made Arlene notice her at a board meeting and invite her home. When Patty first saw her, she thought that Ar had found another beautiful woman. Learning of her medical background was an amazing addition, and there was no doubt that Patty and Arlene would hire her as their doctor while monitoring her career. 

Sherry had always loved women, and that first night with Patty and Arlene was a night of raw, sensual animalistic sex. Sherry&#8217;s pussy was extraordinary in appearance and taste and her ability to eat pussy was equally as great. That night saw the three magnificent beings spend hours and hours in a rotating daisy chain or oral and anal sucking. Sherry made regular visits to her benefactors, usually once a week, more if her schedule permitted it.

Whenever Goddess Phyllis needed one of her girls to receive medical care (or one of her victims, for that matter), Dr Sherry was always the care giver. This kept things that needed to be confidential off the books. Goddess Phyllis and Sherry had made love only occasionally due to Sherry&#8217;s busy schedule, her visits to the supreme beings and her longtime girlfriend and devotee&#8217; taking care of her pussy. This would be Nurse Marie, a beautiful Filippino who started at the hospital the same time as Sherry. Marie had walked into the doctor&#8217;s lounge late one night and saw Sherry on the couch playing with her pussy. Marie walked right over to Sherry, knelt beside the couch and asked politely if she could suck that pussy. Sherry smiled and let her, and gasped when Marie used her mouth in such an expert manner that she gave Sherry three lovely orgasms. Sherry invited Marie to lie on the couch, straddled her and began to suck Marie&#8217;s pussy while presenting her ass for Marie to suck on. Marie had multiple orgasms while literally sucking the shit out of Sherry&#8217;s perfect ass. This was the start of a relationship that spanned twenty-five years. It was not an equal partnership. Marie was totally devoted to Sherry and gave her all of the respect and obedience that the doctor deserved and craved. Sherry took care of Marie and loved her, but also had made sure that Marie knew who was in charge. Marie had been head nurse for ten years, being given that position by Sherry.

One thing that never had occurred was Sherry visiting Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mansion. This was intentional as Sherry was special and Goddess Phyllis knew that a visit from her would cause a frenzy among her girls. But with the beating that Linda had given Joy combined with the fact that Sherry was at Patty and Arlene&#8217;s place, the time came for a house call. Dr. Sherry and Nurse Marie arrived at the door and I was floored. Outside of Goddess Phyllis and Chemaine and Rebecca, I had never seen such beauty close up. As I had been instructed by Goddess Phyllis, I asked the ladies to remove their clothes. Sherry and Marie took off their coats to reveal naked, stunning bodies. Sherry was described earlier; Marie was thinner and smaller but quite lovely. I escorted them into a private room and notified Goddess Phyllis that they were here.

Linda carried the badly beaten Joy into this room and immediately had to leave so as not to see the doctor. Sherry examined Joy, determined that she had no broken bones or anything that required surgery, and had Joy go back to her group.

Sherry looked at the two young goddesses. Chemaine with her lactating 38 triple Ds and Becca with that beautiful body and face were a delectable pair. Sherry was wet. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Sherry, showing all due respect, �may I suck these two beauties?� Goddess Phyllis smiled and nodded. Wasting little time, Rebecca jumped in front of Sherry, sat on the chair with her legs splayed on the arms of the chair and gently rubbed her wet pussy. Sherry kneeled down and gently licked this hairless, child like cunt. Sherry used her tongue and lips and knowledge of the workings of the cunt to bring Rebecca to a powerful orgasm as Goddess Phyllis, Chemaine and Marie watched. Marie assisted Rebecca out of the chair as Chemaine sat down. Sherry gazed at the fifteen year-old&#8217;s magnificent pussy, already oozing that white, creamy substance that she always emitted when hot. Licking some of that cream was almost more than Sherry could take, but she managed to focus on the pussy and slurped and sucked and gave Chemaine an orgasm equal to the one the Rebecca had just had. Sherry&#8217;s face was now covered in Chemaine&#8217;s cream, and Goddess Phyllis told Marie to lick it off. Marie cleaned her master&#8217;s face and was now dripping wet herself.

�Marie,� said Goddess Phyllis, �I need some alone time with Sherry. My babies will entertain you in the meantime. I hope your ass is used to being fucked.� Sherry answered for her. �Goddess Phyllis, I&#8217;m sure that your babies will find Marie&#8217;s ass most inviting and able to accept whatever is offered.� Goddess Phyllis smiled as she walked to her private room holding hands with the majestic Dr. Sherry. 











Chapter 71 &#8211; Goddess Phyllis and Dr. Sherry

As soon as Goddess Phyllis and Sherry arrived in the queen&#8217;s chambers, so to speak, they jumped right into bed and kissed like animals in heat, which they were. Goddess Phyllis&#8217; hands slid all over Sherry&#8217;s body, grabbing her ass and squeezing those beautiful, round cheeks. Goddess Phyllis moved her hand into the ass crack and felt Sherry&#8217;s anal opening, first with one finger, then two, then three and four. Sherry had a nice, big hole and Goddess Phyllis did look forward to sucking it.

As mentioned in an earlier chapter, the only person in the entire world of Goddess Phyllis who did not have a large asshole was Goddess Phyllis herself.&nbsp; No one knew this except for the young goddesses, Chemaine and Rebecca. Add another name to this list as Sherry&#8217;s hands explored Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass, reached the hole and Sherry felt the smallness of it. �Goddess Phyllis, your asshole is so small and tight. With what you do to everyone&#8217;s&#8217; asses, you do not get fucked yourself?� Goddess Phyllis smiled. Had anyone else talked to her like that, they would be in for a painful beating or torture. But this being Dr. Sherry, it was accepted. �Sherry, only Rebecca and Chemaine know the secret of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass. My credo of asses are for fucking, pussies are for sucking applies to all except me. Other than a finger or two from one of my babies or shitboy&#8217;s little cock, nothing big goes up there.� Sherry was surprised, and then thought of something. �Goddess Phyllis, a few months ago you fucked the hell out of your mommy&#8217;s ass. She wasn&#8217;t keen on getting her big ass fucked, but you didn&#8217;t let that stop you. I treated her after your assault.� �That was an enjoyable, wonderful day,� said Goddess Phyllis. �My mommy now loves her ass fuckings.�

Sherry was as bold as she was beautiful. She reached in her bag and took out a strap-on harness and put it on. Next, she took a small to medium dildo out and attached it to the harness. Hands on hips, she said �Goddess Phyllis, get on all fours. I&#8217;m gonna fuck your tight little ass.� Goddess Phyllis looked at Sherry in amazement. No one talked to Goddess Phyllis like that. �Well?� asked Sherry. �What are you waiting for?� As Goddess Phyllis started to get up off the bed, Sherry moved with the grace of a cat. She grabbed Goddess Phyllis around the waist, pushed her onto to her stomach then lifted her so that she was on all fours, rubbed the head of the dildo on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy to lube it, and stuck it in. �Ohhh Sherry, what the fuck are you doing?� moaned Goddess Phyllis. �Isn&#8217;t it obvious??� asked Sherry. �I&#8217;m giving your beautiful ass the fucking it has long needed.� Sherry began a slow in-out motion and very gradually picked up speed. She pulled Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s hair, pulled her head up so that Goddess Phyllis was looking into the mirror and watching Dr. Sherry fuck her as Goddess Phyllis had pulled so many women&#8217;s head back to watch Goddess Phyllis fuck them. 

�Do you like it, Goddess Phyllis?� asked Sherry, fucking her harder now. �Yes, Sherry, I&#8217;m getting very hot. And it feels good, too.� Sherry smiled and intensified her pace. She was going full force now, really slamming Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass. Suddenly, she pulled out and stopped. �Why&#8217;d you stop, Sherry?� asked Goddess Phyllis. �Beg for more, Goddess Phyllis, beg me!� ordered Sherry. Their eyes met, and Goddess Phyllis knew she could not resist. Sherry was much too much woman. �Please Sherry, fuck me as hard as you can. I want you to.� Sherry smiled and stuck the phony cock back in, but she had changed to a larger one. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass was wet and this one slid in. It was wider and longer but Goddess Phyllis did not seem to notice as she continued to get her ass pounded. In the classic move, Sherry plowed in to the max, unharnessed the strap-on, leaving it buried in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass, flipped the Goddess over and went down on her pussy. Sherry sucked Goddess Phyllis to a mind blowing orgasm. As Goddess Phyllis was coming, Sherry pulled the dildo out of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass and licked the thing clean. It was delicious. Sherry sat on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s stomach as the two women looked at each other. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Sherry, �I hope you enjoyed that.� Goddess Phyllis had to laugh. �Sherry, you&#8217;ve dominated me like know one ever has. You
are truly great. Now lay down here and let me suck that pussy of yours. I can smell how hot you are.�

Sherry straddled Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth and cooed like a dove as the expert sucking began. Goddess Phyllis sucked cunt like a true goddess, and her tongue flicking on Sherry&#8217;s clit was driving her wild. Driving both of them wild. Sherry turned so that they could suck each other&#8217;s pussies and suck they did. Alternating between cunt and asshole, the two women sucked each other for hours, having countless orgasms until finally falling asleep in each other&#8217;s arms.










Chapter 72 &#8211; Dr. Sherry Dominates

Dr. Sherry awoke before Goddess Phyllis and looked at the blonde beauty. Sherry knew that she had done to Goddess Phyllis what no one had ever done, and also knew that this was the beginning. Sherry was going to take the Goddess and make her a little bitch; not only a bitch to Sherry, but also Marie and probably others.

Goddess Phyllis woke up and her eyes met Sherry&#8217;s. �How does your ass feel?� asked Dr. Sherry. Goddess Phyllis smiled and replied �Wonderful, Sherry, simply wonderful.� �I knew it would,� said Sherry.

In the other room, Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s babies were still sleeping after being on the receiving end of some anal ecstasy. Neither got to fuck Marie in the ass. Marie had many years of being fucked anally by sherry, but also had the privilege of fucking Sherry&#8217;s gorgeous ass thousands of times over their many years together. Marie was an expert pussy eater and expert ass fucker as well as being able to take a lot of stuff up her ass. Marie had put on a large strap-on at the start of last night&#8217;s festivities and rammed it into little Chemaine&#8217;s wonderful hole. While she plowed the little tan beauty, she had Rebecca get on all fours and loosen herself up with a hand-held dildo while she watched her sister/wife get fucked. As soon as Chemaine came, Marie was ready to plow into Rebecca. But first, Rebecca pointed out to Marie the white cream filling Chemaine&#8217;s cunt. Marie buried her face in the most magnificent of young cunts and slurped up every drop of the goo. Damn, it was magic, thought Marie. This turned her on so much that she fucked Rebecca long and very hard until the slender beauty passed out in orgasmic delight. Marie was on fire and Chemaine took care of that, using her well trained mouth to bring Marie to two great orgasms. Now, they all slept.

They awoke to see Dr. Sherry standing there in all of her magnificent, statuesque beauty. What shocked them was Goddess Phyllis kneeling next to Sherry and kissing her feet. Sherry grabbed a handful of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s long, blonde hair and pulled her to her feet. �Tell your girls about last night,� said sherry in a lovely but dominating voice. �Babies,� said Goddess Phyllis, �Sherry fucked my ass last night. Fucked it long and hard until I begged for more. Yes, begged. Dr. Sherry made me beg. And after I had a wicked orgasm, she sat on my face and I sucked her pussy. That was an honor.�

Rebecca and Chemaine were stunned and had their mouths hanging open, while Marie was a little perplexed.&nbsp; �Marie,� said Sherry, �Goddess Phyllis had a tight little asshole. She was not into getting her ass fucked, at least not until last night. Why don&#8217;t you put on a strap-on and take a turn with her?� Marie smiled; she knew that Sherry could and would do what she wanted with whomever she wanted, and apparently Goddess Phyllis was no exception. Strapping on a dildo the size of a big cock, bigger than what she used on the little darlings, she looked at Goddess Phyllis and said, �On your knees, blonde bitch.� Sherry smiled while Rebecca and Chemaine still were in a state of shock. �Move!� yelled Sherry. Goddess Phyllis immediately got on all fours.

Marie began fucking the magnificent ass of Goddess Phyllis as hard as she had fucked anyone in her life, including her wife Sherry. As she did, Sherry was talking to Goddess Phyllis. �Beg for it, Goddess Phyllis. Tell her to fuck you harder. Come on!� �Please Marie, fuck me harder and faster.� Marie pulled back on the golden blonde mane and increased her speed. �Wonderful,� yelled Sherry. �Babies,� said Sherry, �get on your strap-ons. Time for you to fuck your Goddess.�

Rebecca was first as she put on a jumbo dildo and looked at Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s distended asshole. Rebecca lined up the head and pushed it in as Goddess Phyllis moaned with pleasure. Marie took Chemaine by the hand and brought her over to Dr. Sherry. �Sherry, this girl creams when she gets hot, a delicious white cream.� Sherry smiled. �Let me see,� she said. Marie has Chemaine sit in a chair and spread those creamy white thighs as Goddess Phyllis was now being fucked very hard by the ninety-nine pound powerhouse that was Becca. Sherry oohed at the sight of Chemaine&#8217;s pussy; young, hairless, wet, white and wild. Sherry buried her face in that cunt and sucked up every last drop of white cream that was there. As she sucked, she was making Chemaine hotter and hotter which meant that even more cream was being produced. As Sherry slurped up every drop, Chemaine exploded in orgasm. Sherry stayed with her and was delighted to swallow everything that came out of Chemaine&#8217;s cunt. The delicious white cream turned her on tremendously. She needed her wife.

�Marie, suck me,� said Sherry. That was all she needed to say as Marie went down on her master&#8217;s cunt and, as she has done so many times over the past several decades, sucked the magnificent Sherry&#8217;s pussy to several orgasms as Goddess Phyllis continued to have her ass plowed by Becca. Sherry smiled with delight, pleased at the wonderful orgasm her loving wife Marie has just given her but also because of what was yet to come. The Goddess was now hers. No doubt about that.











Chapter 73 &#8211; Sherry and Magda

Sherry&#8217;s skill as a surgeon in addition to her responsibilities as chief of medicine at the recently renamed Sherry Medical Center (the name change was made possible by PattyV and Arlene&#8217;s take-over of the parent corporation United Medical Facilities; more were to come) took up a lot of time. Many of Sherry&#8217;s administrative duties were handled by the lovely Marie, but Marie needed assistance with some nursing duties. Enter Magda, a Filipino friend of Marie (Filipino herself, as you no doubt recall) who was a skilled nurse. Magda was short and powerfully built, a contrast from Marie&#8217;s lean and softer appearance. Magda was as sweet as an angel, but Sherry had been having her read up on domination. The more Magda read, the hotter she became, and she found herself rubbing and fingering her pussy as she read. Several times she came from reading this info. She wanted to try it.

Sherry and Marie lived in a gorgeous mansion in the area of Goddess Phyllis and Patty and Arlene. Magda lived with them. Sherry pulled into the driveway and the three beauties walked into the house. Magda was in the living room reading some more of the domination and submission books. She immediately kneeled before Sherry as the five foot ten inch beauty entered the room. Marie was pulling Goddess Phyllis by a leash attached to a dog collar that Goddess Phyllis was wearing. Magda had heard of Goddess Phyllis; everyone did, and it was a surprise to see her in person and in bondage.

�Magda, how have your readings about submission and domination been going?� asked Dr. Sherry. Magda looked up. �Fine, Dr. Sherry, I have learned a lot. Thinking about it makes me very wet and hot.� �That&#8217;s wonderful, Magda. Phyllis here wants to be dominated. She wants to be spanked, fucked, slapped, and abused. Whatever you want. Maybe even drop a load on her.� Magda flushed. �Thank you, Sherry. Can I start now?� �You damn well better,� replied Sherry, getting a chuckle from Marie.

Magda took the leash from Marie and pulled hard on it, bringing Goddess Phyllis to her knees. Magda drove her right foot into the stomach of Goddess Phyllis and flowed this with a hard slap to the face. Magda dragged Goddess Phyllis to the sofa, sat and put Goddess Phyllis over her knee, and began spanking the Goddess&#8217;s lovely ass. Magda slapped very hard and soon Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass very pretty red and sore. Magda stuck her middle finger in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass and pulled it out. Running it under her nose, she sniffed it and then it in her mouth. �Ummm,� cooed Magda. She added a second, third and forth finger in rapid succession and was moving them in and nice and slowly. 

As Magda was fist fucking Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass, Sherry and Marie were watching intently while playing with each other&#8217;s pussies. As Magda was getting her whole hand in Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s ass, Marie couldn&#8217;t take it anymore and dove between Sherry&#8217;s legs and sucked on that magnificent pussy while rubbing herself intensely. In no time, Marie was coming like a fountain as was Sherry. Marie knew Sherry&#8217;s pussy better than anyone as she has been sucking it every day for the past twenty-eight years.

Magda&#8217;s ass fucking of Goddess Phyllis was making her very hot. Pulling her arm partly out of the lovely ass enabled Magda to maneuver Goddess Phyllis so that Goddess Phyllis could suck Magda&#8217;s tropical cunt; hot, wet and steamy. Magda pulled Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s head hard into her pussy and was rewarded by Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s sweet and skilled tongue. Goddess Phyllis licked and sucked Magda with the true skill of a Goddess as Magda continues her fist fucking. As Magda orgasmed, she buried her mouth on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy and sucked her to what Goddess Phyllis later described as her best orgasm in years. It seems that the Dominator gets a thrill from being dominated. 

Magda had one more item of business. Facing Sherry and Marie, Magda squatted over Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth. With Sherry and Marie on the edge of their seats, Magda shit on Goddess Phyllis. Hard to believe, but Goddess Phyllis was being shit on. And, she seemed to enjoy it. As Magda dropped her load, a good sized one at that, Sherry, in a small sweet yet powerful voice, said �Eat it, Goddess Phyllis. You know you want to.� Goddess Phyllis didn&#8217;t hesitate. The Goddess who dominated hundreds of women, who was worshipped by thousands, was eating shit. And loving it, if the wetness of her cunt was any indication. Sherry had Marie suck her to what Goddess Phyllis later described as her best orgasm in years. Seems there is a lot of that going around.











Chapter 74 &#8211; Sherry Meets Mary

Dr. Sherry was in her office at the hospital, Sherry Medical Center, one of one hundred and fifty such hospitals across the country. She was a conglomerate of medical, financial and insurance all rolled into one organization, the PVA Corp, owned by the supreme beings PattyV and Arleen, who we have seen in previous chapters.

The knock on the door was the 3:00 pm appointment. In walked Mary. She was 5&#8217;5 but the reason she was here was for stomach reduction surgery as she weighed about five hundred pounds. Mary was round in the middle; wide hips, wide thighs, somewhat egg shaped, perhaps, with a big ass, of course. The most striking feature, though, was actually her face. Very pretty. Beautiful even. Doe-like eyes, a somewhat pointy nose and nice lips. The face of a woman much thinner, so it presented an interesting contrast. But Mary was a sight, that was for sure.

Looking at Mary was causing Sherry&#8217;s cunt to get very hot and wet. A big beautiful woman, thought Sherry. And she looks strong, too. Maybe get her in the Goddess Phyllis wrestling league. Sherry smiled. �Hi Mary, how are you today?� Sherry stood to shake hands. Mary was surprised by Sherry&#8217;s five-ten size, but was struck by the beauty of Sherry. Mary could feel her pussy her pussy juicing up as Sherry came to shake hands. As Mary extended her hand to Sherry, the girls looked deeply at each other. Sherry put her hand on Mary&#8217;s cheek with a gentle touch and gave her a small kiss on the mouth. Sherry waited for a reaction. Mary smiled. �Hi Dr Sherry,� she said happily. �It is a real pleasure to meet you.� Interesting, thought Sherry. Absolutely no effort to back off or pull away. Mary liked the kiss. Would probably like more, too.

The ladies sat on the couch and talked about Mary&#8217;s efforts to lose weight and how nothing worked, hence the desire for surgery. Sherry agreed to do the procedure, but she really had other plans. Mary was super big and super pretty. Strong too. Mary had told Sherry about how she had gotten into weight lifting and was lifting six-seven hundred pounds routinely. My god, though Sherry. This girl is in the class of Oz. Maybe even stronger. Sherry scheduled the surgery for that afternoon and had Mary admitted.

Marie joined Sherry on route to the operating room. �Marie, you are going to make an incision in Mary&#8217;s stomach and sew it up. There is no operation.� Marie was puzzled. �I want Mary to think she had an operation, but she is going to be brought over to Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s place for her real operation.� Marie smiled. Sherry always has such interesting plans.

Later that afternoon, Mary was in her room recuperating from her �surgery� when Sherry came in. �How do you feel, Mary� asked Sherry. �Surprisingly good,� replied Mary. Sherry touched Mary&#8217;s face and bent over and kissed her. Mary kissed back. Hard. Sherry started touching Mary&#8217;s body, feeling the folds, moving her hand to the lower abdomen and then below that. Sherry was approaching Mary&#8217;s cunt and could feel the moistness on the thighs. As her hand drew closer, the sheets were getting wetter. Sherry looked at Mary as she squeezed her pussy. The big girl started bucking and gushing, soaking the sheets and the hospital gown. Mary really was a wet lady, very wet. �Oh Dr Sherry, I&#8217;m sorry. I was so hot, I couldn&#8217;t control myself.� �That&#8217;s wonderful, Mary, I&#8217;m so glad that you had a nice orgasm. Are you always that wet?� �Wetter,� replied Mary. �Yummy,� said Sherry as she smiled.

Mary was discharged the next day and Sherry along with Marie and Magda took her over to meet Goddess Phyllis. They entered through s back door so that Mary wouldn&#8217;t be seen by the girls and cause a stir. Big was popular with Goddess Phyllis and her devotees. There was mommy Elly, the other Ellie, Oz, Babe, Joy, Linda, Dawn, Yvonne, Lisa. Many of these were group leaders, too. Goddess Phyllis led them downstairs (as per Sherry&#8217;s plan) and into a very small room, the size of a bathroom. The room was barren except for two spouts coming out of the ceiling, one large and one regular. Mary sat in the chair in the middle of the room as Goddess Phyllis locked her arms and legs to the chair. Mary could feel that there was no bottom to the chair. This served two purposes. She could shit without soiling herself and also could receive a dildo up her ass. The latter happened first. Goddess Phyllis pushed a button and a dildo rose up right into Mary&#8217;s ass. Mary accepted it without a stir.

�You will stay here until I come get you,� said Sherry. �Those two spouts are for you. When you hear something entering and coming down, you put your head back and open your mouth. One will be shit and the other piss. I realize that some may hit the floor, but you get as much as you can in your mouth. Any questions?�&nbsp; Mary was dazed but as always, was betrayed by her wet pussy. She didn&#8217;t know why Dr Sherry was doing this, but she was hot; that much she knew.

Upstairs, Goddesses Chemaine and Rebecca were giving instructions to all of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls. Until further notice, they were to do all of their pooping and peeing in one of the two holes. They didn&#8217;t know who was on the receiving end, but Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls knew to obey without question. One after another, big and small came the girls. Some peed, some shit, but it all ran down and a lot made it into Mary&#8217;s open mouth. For her part, Mary was enjoying the dildo in her ass and the pee was good. The shit took some getting used to and some was better than others, but damn if she didn&#8217;t come twice. The first wave was over.

Upstairs, Sherry, Goddess Phyllis, the two younger goddesses, Rebecca and Chemaine, along with Marie and Magda were watching the proceedings. They were impressed with Mary&#8217;s obedience. Sherry explained that she wanted to break down Mary mentally and rebuild her into a powerful sexpot and wrestling superstar, hopefully champion. 

The Supreme Being Sherry and Goddesses Phyllis, Chemaine and Rebecca let this shit and pee festival go on for two days. At the end of day two, Magda was sent down to hose off Mary and bring her upstairs. Once in the main area, Magda and Marie showered big Mary, shampooed her, rubbed lotion all over her massive frame, and generally pampered her. Mary was loving this and her crotch was quite moist. Sherry&#8217;s girls presented Mary to the assembled VIPs. En masse, Goddess Phyllis and her darlings went over and showered Mary with hugs and kisses. �Lay her down on the examining table,� ordered Sherry. Mary was brought over and lay down naked on the table, her legs going in the stirrups and spread wide. Marie and Magda lifted up the folds of fat covering Mary&#8217;s pussy while Sherry began her massage of the holies of the holy areas. As he did successfully with Goddess Phyllis, Sherry established and maintained eye contact with Mary as she massaged her fat pussy. Sherry kneaded and squeezed as Mary squirmed. �You are magnificent, Mary. You are big and beautiful. You are strong. When Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls see you, they will go crazy. Be ready!� Mary looked at Sherry with half closed eyes. �Yes, Dr Sherry,� said Mary as she began bucking and coming like a bastard. Goddess Phyllis held a beaker under Mary&#8217;s fat cunt as cum poured from the big girl&#8217;s pussy. It seemed like she came for a solid five minutes until passing out. Goddess Phyllis had a sip of the beaker and passed it to Sherry, who passed it to Marie, to Magda, to Chemaine and Rebecca. They all agreed that Mary was magic and was to immediately be brought to the group and let nature take its course. And it would, too!!










Chapter 75 &#8211; Mary and Ashley

Goddess Phyllis, Sherry, Marie, Magda, Rebecca and Chemaine escorted Mary into the rumpus room, a room that the girls could hang out in and play around with each other. In the room today were Babe and Ashley, Joy with Theresa and Elena, and several of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunts-in-waiting, including Geena, Sarah and Dawn. What happened first was not unexpected, but what happened second was.

Elena was working toward taking control of her former group back from Joy, using some pressure point techniques that Sherry taught her. There had been a little progress, but when Elena looked over and saw Mary standing there is a bright red body stocking that showed off every pound of fat on her body, she immediately ran over, knelt down and began kissing Mary&#8217;s feet. Elena could not control herself in the presence of a large woman. That is how Joy easily seized her group. But Mary was more than large and Elena was already dripping from her pussy. The unexpected part was Ashley running over to Mary and humping Mary&#8217;s ample thigh. Ashley wrapped herself around the tree trunk like thigh and began grinding her naked cunt into it. Mary put her arm under Ashley&#8217;s beautiful ass to support her as Ashley squirmed and pressed her sopping cunt into Mary. The Goddesses and Sherry and Sherry&#8217;s girls were all smiles and encouragement. �Grind that cunt,� exhorted Goddess Phyllis. �Kiss her, Mary,� ordered Sherry. Mary kissed Ashley as she squeezed the girl&#8217;s ass. Ashley began quivering and shaking and began coming as Mary held her ass and wrapped her other massive arm around Ashley&#8217;s neck. Ashley was moaning and coming and Mary&#8217;s left thigh was soaked from Ashley. Still she kept coming and coming as her wife Babe looked on in disbelief and horror. Her love, her wife Ashley was in the arms of another women and having what looked like the orgasm of her life. 

Ashley shook a little more and mercifully passed out. Mary held her in her arms and asked, �Does this beauty belong to anyone?� Babe stood up and replied, �Ashley is my wife.� Mary walked over to Babe, kicking Elena out of the way, and gently laid Ashley on the floor next to Babe. The two big girls made eye contact. Mary smiled and said �She is quite lovely, and quite a hotty, too. You are fortunate to have a wife like her.� Before Babe could reply, Mary had her arms around her and began kissing her passionately. Babe could not help but respond. Mary&#8217;s tongue was in Babe&#8217;s mouth and vice versa, when suddenly Mary pushed her to the ground and walked away. Babe lay there with a silly look on her face.

Going over to Joy, Mary extended her hand and shook hands with Joy. She squeezed Joy&#8217;s hand and wouldn&#8217;t stop, increasing the pressure under Joy went down on her knees and begged, �Please, you&#8217;re breaking my hand!� Mary let up on the squeeze and laughed. �What is you name?� asked Mary. �Joy,� replied the hurting girl. �Well Joy, be careful when you shake hands. You never know what may happen.� This was followed by a backhand slap that knocked Joy on her side and caught everyone&#8217;s attention.

Ashley awoke and saw Babe lying next to her. Babe had tears in her eyes and Ashley put her hands on Babe&#8217;s cheeks and kissed her on the mouth. Babe kissed her back. They hugged, and Ashley saw Mary standing there. Once again, she went over to Mary and began humping her thigh. This time, Mary immediately began kissing the young beauty while squeezing her ass with both hands. Mary squeezed hard and had poor Ashley shaking with another orgasm in less then a minute. Now Mary was had matching wet spots on both thighs. Ashley was kissing Mary&#8217;s neck and cheeks. She kept coming, coming so hard that she lost control of her bladder and, without realizing it, began peeing on Mary. Mary held her away from her body as the rest of Ashley&#8217;s pee went on the floor. Ashley passed put again. Mary looked at Babe. �Babe, you should come here and clean up the mess you wife made. Suck up this pee. Crawl over here.� Babe crawled over and began licking the mess at Mary&#8217;s feet. 

Sherry looked at Goddess Phyllis. They had been in the room for a mere ten or fifteen minutes and Mary had already dominated Babe and Joy and quite possibly stolen the heart of Babe&#8217;s wife as well as the old cunt Elena. Goddess Phyllis smiled at Sherry. �Sherry, you are amazing.� �I know,� replied Sherry. �And Mary is going to be something. Your girls are going to love her.�

Mary spent the next hour letting her pussy get sucked. Theresa spent some time between the massive thighs getting a bellyful of Mary&#8217;s come. Elena had her wish come true and got to eat Mary&#8217;s pussy, as did Joy and Babe. Last to get a chance was Ashley. Mary must have been holding some back because she came gushing into Ashley&#8217;s mouth, so hard and so fast that it dribbled down Ashley&#8217;s chin onto her perky tits. Ashley swallowed and swallowed and when the liquid ceased flowing, she lay back and began playing with herself, rubbing her clit as she stuck a hand in her ass. As Mary moved to stand over her and let loose a load of hot pee onto Ashley&#8217;s face, Ashley has her third incredible orgasm and passed out yet again.










Chapter 76 &#8211; Mary Dominates

Mary needed to have her pussy sucked often and she wanted Ashley. But marriage was sacred in the world of Goddess Phyllis and also with Sherry, so she put that thought aside�for now. �Goddess Phyllis,� said Mary, �If Ashley is not available, do you have a girl for me?� Goddess Phyllis had been thinking about this. Dawn had a fat fetish but not enough experience to deal with Mary. Sarah did, however. Sarah had been punished by Babe and had also been dominated by Geena. Sarah was summoned to meet Mary. When Sarah came into the room, she stopped and gasped. Mary was standing there, still wearing the red body stocking. Both thighs had wet marks on them as did the area next to the bare crotch. Sarah had seen Oz and made love to her once, but Mary was bigger. Sarah fell to her knees.

Mary watched Sarah with great interest. Sarah was one of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunts-in-waiting, and had a feisty personality. Sarah had once put her three fingers in her pussy, and this was before Goddess Phyllis even allowed two fingers. When Chemaine discovered this, Sarah was sent to Babe and Babe was ordered to punish her. Babe had Sarah be the toilet for all of her girls. All of the girls fucked her ass, and Babe delighted in giving Sarah the double fist fuck, stretching her ass to the maximum. Sarah had nice sized tits and a big ass with the nice big hole. She would do well.

�Sarah, crawl to me,� ordered Mary. Sarah did just that, getting on her hands and knees and crawling over to the super-sized beauty.� Stand,� ordered Mary. Sarah stood; Mary wrapped her arms around Sarah and passionately kissed her while squeezing Sarah with a good deal of force. Sarah could feel her cunt heating up and dripping as Mary continued. Before she could do anything, Sarah shook with pleasure as her cunt pulsated with orgasm. Mary lay Sarah on the floor and knelt over her, mouth to pussy. Mary lowered her head to Sarah&#8217;s cunt and began sucking her clit. Mary worked the clit and inserted her tongue in the love canal. Sarah was all juiced up, but Mary stopped. She moved back a bit so that her ass, her huge ass, was hovering over Sarah&#8217;s head. She spread those huge mounds of flesh and began farting. Sarah opened wide as Mary&#8217;s shit emerged from her good sized hole. The first piece landed right in Sarah&#8217;s mouth, and Sarah instinctively chewed it. This was followed by several more good-sized pieces falling on Sarah&#8217;s face and tits. 

Ashley saw this and was unable to stop herself. She ran over and scooped up a piece of Mary&#8217;s shit and began eating, and took another piece and began rubbing in on her cunt and her clit. Ashley was deliriously hot as she munched on the turd of this behemoth of a woman. As Sarah finished the rest of Mary&#8217;s crap, Rebecca buried her face between the massive cheeks and proceeded to lick Mary&#8217;s ass clean. Mary enjoyed this. She saw Babe watching Ashley play with her shit and said to Babe, �Crawl over and clean your wife&#8217;s pussy. Eat my shit off of her cunt.� Babe crawled over and began licking Ashley&#8217;s pussy, eating Mary&#8217;s shit off of Ash&#8217;s clit and cunt lips and bringing her wife to another orgasm. And Babe was getting all hot from eating her wife&#8217;s shit covered cunt. As Ashley came, Babe had to put her hand between her legs and play with herself.

�Look, girls,� said Mary, �Babe is playing with herself because her wife&#8217;s cunt was covered in my shit. Babe, play with yourself so that we call can see.� Babe rotated on the floor so that her massive pussy faced as many girls as possible. They all watched her squeeze her clit and rub her cunt, stopping occasionally to lick Mary&#8217;s shit off of her hands. Babe was all wet when Mary asked �Babe, would you like to eat my pussy?� Oh yes, Mary, I would, very much.� Mary lay down on the floor and lifted her stomachs up so that her cunt was reachable to Babe&#8217;s mouth. �Come and suck it, big tits,� taunted Mary. Babe crawled closer and closer and reached Mary&#8217;s cunt. It was devoid of hair, very wet and very smelly, but a powerful womanly smell. Babe buried her face in it and, using all of her skills, gave Mary a royal sucking. Mary began to come and held Babe&#8217;s face close to her cunt, forcing Babe to suck up all of her considerable juice. Mary came for thirty straight seconds and Babe sucked every drop.

Mary had a great idea. Maybe she couldn&#8217;t have Ashley, yet, because of her marriage to Babe. But maybe she could have both of them. It was obvious that both of them loved Mary and were both totally submissive to her. �Goddess Phyllis,� asked Mary, �Sarah is nice, but would it be possible for me to have both Ashley and Babe instead? They certainly seem to like me.� With that, Mary burst out laughing as did Goddess Phyllis and Sherry. �Babe, would you like that?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Mary still had Babe&#8217;s head pressed hard against her cunt and all you could hear was muffled sound. Mary pulled Babe&#8217;s head back a little and looked at her sternly. �Yes, I would like that, Goddess Phyllis,� said Babe. Mary looked at Ashley and motioned her over with the wave of a finger. �Do you like the idea, Ashley?� Mary asked in a mocking sweet voice. �Oh dear god, yes, Mary, I absolutely love the idea.�

In the span of an hour, Mary had enraptured every girl present and now had two girlfriends to serve her many needs, Ashley and Babe. Mary was a big, fat force to be reckoned with.










Chapter 77 &#8211; Mary meets Patty and Arlene

The Supreme Beings, PattyV and Arlene, wanted the newest Supreme Being, Sherry, to live on side of the mansion with her wife Marie and lover Magda. PattyV thought that if Mary could hold an enema as well as she thought, that Mary would live on the other side with Ashley and Babe. They would find out tonight.

Sherry met with Mary prior to the big evening. �Mary, being able to hold an enema in for as long as you&#8217;re told is very important. Patty loves to get sprayed in the face by a twenty gallon shit-filled enema. Failure to hold it in can ruin everything that you&#8217;ve accomplished so far. But if you hold it, in this case twenty gallons for twenty minutes, you&#8217;ll be a super-star.� �Mary nodded. �Sherry, these two days have been the best in my life. Meeting you and Goddess Phyllis and Ashley has been like a dream. I will make you proud of me tonight.� The girls embraced, but stopped before they got too, too hot.

The time came and Sherry came to get Mary and introduce her to the Masters. Along with Sherry were Marie and Magda. Marie sucked PattyV&#8217;s cunt while this process was going on; Marie was a superb cunt lapper. Goddess Phyllis and Rebecca and Chemaine were already in the chambers.

Patty and Arlene were on their thrones when the girls walked in. They had seen Mary on the closed circuit, but in person she was more breathtaking. Immense. Wearing a powder blue body stocking with the ass and crotch cut out. Mary kneeled before the Ladies and kissed all four feet. �Stand up,� commanded Patty. Mary stood, and as Arlene made circular motion with her finger, Mary turned. �What a fuckin ass!� exclaimed Arlene. �Magnificent!� added PattyV. �Administer the enema, Ar,� continued Patty.

Mary got down on all fours as Arlene inserted the hose up in between those mammoth cheeks and in her hole. Way up it went as Arlene turned the flow on. Gallon after gallon flowed into Mary&#8217;s colon until all 20 gallons were in. The hose was pulled out as Arlene gave the instructions. �Mary, you are to hold this for at least twenty minutes and will release the shit only when told to. Questions?� Mary understood. �No questions, Master Arlene.� Patty got in position behind Mary as Marie got between Patty&#8217;s thighs. Arlene sat in her chair; she likes to have Sherry play with her surgically enlarged clit while watching (of course, Dr Sherry performed the clit-o-plasty). Magda would stay by Mary&#8217;s face to wipe the sweat and give a smack if needed.

Mary could feel the enema loosening up her insides. It burned also. Mary began to sweat and Magda wiped her brow. �Ten minutes left,� said Arlene in a husky voice. Sherry was now sucking that clit and building Arlene up to a great orgasm. �I feel like I&#8217;m on fire in my belly,� said a profusely sweating Mary. �That&#8217;s the Tabasco sauce,� explained Arlene with a big smile on her face.

�Five minutes,� moaned Arlene as Sherry kept bringing her to the brink of orgasm but stopping each time. Patty was also being brought close to coming by Marie, but would only have her orgasm when the shit began flying. �One minute,� said Arlene. Mary smiled to herself. She was going to make it. �Magda, shake her cheeks,� said Arlene. Magda quickly went behind Mary and began jiggling the enormous twin mounds of flesh. This made Mary want to release, but she held it as Magda stopped the shaking and came back to wipe her brow. Arlene counted down from ten to one. �Mary, let it out!� yelled Arlene. 

Mary let her sphincter loosen and the shit came pouring out in a powerful stream, hitting Patty smack in the face and wide open mouth. As Patty gulped down the liquid turd, Marie brought her to a stunning orgasm as Sherry sucked the life out of Arlene, almost. Doing what she rarely did, Patty buried her face in Mary&#8217;s ass and licked it clean. Arlene licked Patty&#8217;s face clean. Mary was dripping wet, and Magda slid under her and sucked that fat pussy as Mary bent down and retuned the favor. Both girls were coming like beasts in heat, with Magda able to swallow all of Mary&#8217;s considerable come. Sherry and Marie sucked each other to bliss as they had been doing for almost thirty years. 











Chapter 78 &#8211; Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s Concern

Goddess Phyllis requested a meeting with Sherry. Sherry had been anointed as a Supreme Being by Patty and Arlene and that honor was certainly well-deserved. Her medical and financial skills aside, Sherry was simply too much woman for Goddess Phyllis. Brains and beauty mixed with a dash of dominance and a wild and large libido. Sherry granted the request &#8211; this afternoon in Sherry&#8217;s office in the hospital.

Goddess Phyllis arrived at the designated time and saw Magda at the desk outside of Sherry&#8217;s office. The same Magda who had shit on Goddess Phyllis and then sucked her silly. Magda smiled. �Hello, Goddess Phyllis,� she said sweetly. �Glad that you are prompt. Go right in; Sherry is expecting you.� �Thank you, Magda. You are looking lovely today.� Magda gave her a wink and pointed to the door. �Go. You do not keep Dr Sherry waiting.�

Opening the door, Goddess Phyllis entered the large, luxurious office of Sherry. Large couches, a wet bar and plush shag rug were the first items noticed. Also noticed by Goddess Phyllis was the examining table off to one side, stirrups and all. Sherry stood up with her white lab coat open. As usual, she was naked underneath. Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s eyes opened wider as she once again was mesmerized by the perfection of Sherry. The long legs, the beautiful, high cheek boned face, the perfects tits and smooth pussy were too much and Goddess Phyllis felt the need to bow before the doctor. 

�Goddess Phyllis, stand and slip your dress off. I know you prefer nakedness.� Goddess Phyllis slid her dress off; she had nothing under it and her magical, beautiful body was admired by Sherry. The two beauties embraced, a hot, passionate kiss. Sherry wasn&#8217;t sure why Goddess Phyllis was here but had a feeling the meeting would end with pussies being sucked. 

Goddess Phyllis began. �Sherry, I wanted to talk to you about the Mary and Ashley and Babe situation.� �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, what&#8217;s on your mind?� �Mary&#8217;s taking both of them seems a way around the fact that Ashley and Babe are married. That&#8217;s ok, I guess, but she&#8217;ll use Babe as a slut for the two of them. Babe was the number one contender for Oz&#8217;s title and will be number two when Mary takes the title, which will be soon. I have matches set up for tomorrow: Babe and Joy, Oz and FatAngel (one of Linda&#8217;s girls, formerly Babe&#8217;s when she had that group), and Mary&#8217;s introduction to the world with a match against Linda. The next night, Oz and Mary will fight for the title. Since Babe will win the prior night, she&#8217;ll open against Ellie. This will establish Babe as the number two contender since she will be able to beat Ellie, who, as you know, can barely walk as a result of the constant beatings from Oz.�

Sherry smiled. She had been leaning against her desk with her naked pussy just a foot or so away from Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s face. Sherry had been fingering her pussy while Goddess Phyllis spoke and now presented the finger to Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis closed her eyes and sucked the delicious juice from the lucky digit, lucky to have been inside that hot cunt. �So, Goddess Phyllis, the idea of the number two contender behind soon to be ex-champ Oz being a slave to the champ is what bothers you?�

�Yes, Sherry,� replied Goddess Phyllis. �I think that will not make for a decent match.� Sherry thought. �You&#8217;re right, of course, but Mary is really fond of both of them, especially Ashley. We do want to keep Mary happy, don&#8217;t we?� �Yes, we do,� replied Goddess Phyllis. �Even though I never thought I would support a divorce for anyone, I think it may be the best solution in this case, if you and Patty and Arlene agree.� �So Ashley would be free to marry Mary. And Babe?� pondered Sherry. �Babe can have Sarah. They have enjoyed each other in the past, and Sarah is the only one of my cunts-in-waiting that can handle Babe. Maybe KathyJ, but I want to keep her. This is a good opportunity for Sarah,� concluded Goddess Phyllis.

�Goddess Phyllis, go over to the table,� ordered Sherry, pointing to the examining table that Goddess Phyllis noticed on the way in. Goddess Phyllis walked over with Sherry behind her, admiring the lovely ass of Goddess Phyllis. Goddess Phyllis got on the table and Sherry put her legs in the stirrups and spread them. Sherry began massaging and kneading Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s pussy, massaging the lips and inner thigh deeply and then above the slit and the perineum together. Sherry was applying the deep massage techniques that had made Goddess Phyllis squirt every time, and today would be no different. As Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s breathing became faster and she began squirming, Sherry squeezed Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s entire cunt with both hands. This caused Goddess Phyllis to orgasm, squirting a beautiful stream that hit Sherry on the tits and stomach. With Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s come dripping down her chest, Sherry lowered her head to this pussy and sucked the rest of the orgasm out of Goddess Phyllis. The Goddess produced several mouthfuls that Sherry eagerly swallowed until the orgasm(s) finally subsided. 

Sherry lifted her head out of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s crotch and licked her up the belly, in between the tits and up to her mouth. Sherry had saved some of Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s come in her mouth and now gave it back to her. Goddess Phyllis swallowed it as Sherry&#8217;s head came over her&#8217;s and planted a kiss on her mouth. Goddess Phyllis wrapped her arms around Sherry and hugged her really hard. Goddess Phyllis felt so wonderful with Sherry. Everyone did.










Chapter 79 &#8211; No Divorce and a New Champ!

Goddess Phyllis and Sherry met with Patty and Arlene and presented the rationale for the divorce of Babe and Ashley. Patty and Arlene listened, conferred and immediately rejected the idea and admonished Goddess Phyllis for even presenting it. �No!� said Patty. �Goddess Phyllis, you know marriage is sacred. Babe seduced Ashley and they fell in love and quickly married. What we have now is simply infatuation. Ashley&#8217;s love of fat women was brought out by Babe, and because of that she went nuts when she saw Mary. But it will pass. I will not permit a divorce.�

Goddess Phyllis was embarrassed as Patty was certainly correct. Patty continued. �You are right, though. It is not good for the number two contender to be a slave to the champ. So here is what will happen. Babe and Ashley go back to their blissful married lives. Sarah will return as Mary&#8217;s girlfriend. She earned it with her last meeting with Mary. Problem solved.�

Sherry looked at Goddess Phyllis. �I agree with Patty, Goddess Phyllis,� said Sherry. �So do I,� said Goddess Phyllis. �I&#8217;ll go make it happen. Do you want to go with me?� �Yes,� said Sherry.

Goddess Phyllis and Sherry headed to the other side of the mansion where Mary was now living. As they entered, they were greeted by the sight of Babe holding Mary&#8217;s enormous folds of flesh up so that Ashley could suck her pussy. Judging from the aroma in the room and the fact that Ashley&#8217;s hair was wet, this apparently had been going on for a while. Mary did like to get sucked.

�Listen, girls,� began Goddess Phyllis. �Mary is certainly going to win the title and Babe is going to wind up being number 2 after she beats on Ellie. We can&#8217;t have such a high ranked wrestler as a slave to the champ. You two must return to your married life and leave Mary. Sarah will return to Mary as her servant, slave and girlfriend.� Mary smiled a little and said, �Goddess Phyllis, anything you say.� �Good girl, Mary,� said Sherry. Mary had learned well. Babe was all smiles and Ashley, well, Ashley had tears in her eyes but was bravely holding them back. She went to Babe and Babe hugged her tightly. That made Ashley feel better.

As Ashley and Babe headed back to the mansion of Goddess Phyllis, Goddess Phyllis was on the phone with Geena, keeper of the cunts-in-waiting.&nbsp; �Geena, send Sarah over to the Supreme Beings. She is going to be Mary&#8217;s girlfriend.� Geena told the news to Sarah, and Sarah almost pissed her pants. Yes, she thought, that big hunk of woman is going to be my master. Yum. As Sarah hurriedly gathered her stuff together, Geena came over. �Sarah, I will miss you, but make the most of this. I want to give you away at the wedding.� The thought of possibly marrying Mary caused Sarah to swoon with desire. �Thank you, Geena,� she said.

The wrestling matches went as expected. Babe beat the crap out of Joy, using her strength to just pummel the homely dominant in unconsciousness. Oz easily defended her title against FatAngel, picking her up at the end and throwing her out of the ring into the fourth row of seats. Mary was introduced after Linda and received a thunderous ovation. Everyone was waiting to see if she was as good as the hype. She wasn&#8217;t. Mary was better. Linda tried to open with a right hook, but Mary blocked it and delivered a left hook of her own that sent Linda flying to the mat with blood pouring out of her mouth. A kick to the stomach was followed by a pile driver, and Linda was out. But Mary didn&#8217;t stop there. She plopped her fie hundred pound body on Linda and began reigning blows on the unconscious girl&#8217;s face. Mary finally stopped, stood on Linda as the ten count came. A devastatingly excellent debut by Mary.

The next night, Babe and Ellie met. Ellie was so beaten up by Oz over the past several years that she was virtually unable to walk. Babe pounded her mercilessly, bloodying Ellie&#8217;s face and breaking several ribs. Babe finally stopped and took the ten count. A big win for Babe.

Oz came down to loud applause, but the arena went nuts when Mary came out with Sarah. Sarah was throwing rose petals in front of Mary as they headed toward the ring. The match began with Oz trying to deliver her trademark hammer punch. Mary blocked this, followed with a kick to the stomach and a pile driver. Not stopping, Mary jumped on Oz, knocking the wind out of the champ. Mary dug her fingers into Oz&#8217;s stomach, causing the big girl to cry out in pain. Getting up, Mary pulled Oz up by her hair and got her in a full-nelson, the classic move to see who was stronger. Oz tried and tried but could not come close to breaking the hold. Mary lifted her, swung her around and slammed her down to the mat, all the while keeping the hold on. Oz&#8217;s face crashed into the fat with five hundred pounds of Mary on top. The end. New champ! Mary wins in a most convincing manner and receives the belt to thunderous applause. 











Chapter 80 &#8211; Four Fisted Fun

Goddess Phyllis threw a huge party at her mansion to celebrate the new champ, Mary. This was the first title change in about six years, since Oz burst on the scene much like Mary did now. Except that Oz lost the first two title matches against Ellie before coming back to beat her the next three in a row to get and keep the title, and has been beating her ever since.&nbsp; The party went on with the highlight of the night being Mary&#8217;s nude sensual dance. To see that much flesh, flab and muscle being moved around, lifted, squeezed and played with was erotic. When Mary was finished, a line formed to touch the new champ. A simple touch that meant so much to these lustful, wanton women that were the followers of Goddess Phyllis.

Finally the place cleared out. Everyone went to their respective areas, but Goddess Phyllis had requested that she get to spend the night with Mary. Sherry approved. Even though Goddess Phyllis had now felt what it was like to be dominated, totally by Sherry and occasionally by Magda and soon, Mary, she was always treated with total respect. The domme sessions with Magda and Mary were release valves for Goddess Phyllis, some play time of a different variety than anything that came before it. Goddess Phyllis sent Sarah to play with Goddess Chemaine and Goddess Rebecca, and now was alone with Mary.

Goddess Phyllis always loved big women. Being raised by a mother like Elly was the reason why, pure and simple. Although Chemaine and Rebecca were anything but big and they were the ones chosen by Goddess Phyllis to be her wives (and daughters�see many of the preceding chapters). Goddess Phyllis had Mary lay on the examining table, feet in the stirrups. This table was a necessity for eating Mary&#8217;s pussy. Mary had such a large upper and lower abdomen that the normal sixty-nine position was a tough go. The table had an extra piece added, a belt that went around and lifted Mary&#8217;s stomachs, presenting the lucky person with a nice clear access to that wet, large pussy. Goddess Phyllis got Mary all lined up and went to town. First off was to suck some of that juice that was dripping from Mary. Goddess Phyllis lapped this up and began sucking the huge folds of labia while inserting her tongue as far in as possible. Once Goddess Phyllis reached the clit, Mary began to orgasm. Goddess Phyllis got her mouth down around the huge girl&#8217;s hole in time to get several nice mouthfuls of come. She coaxed more fluid out of the big pussy, and then, satisfied that Mary was finished, climbed on top of the new champ and embraced her. The two kissed, Mary enjoying her own taste on Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s mouth and Goddess Phyllis getting ever hotter.

�Holy shit!� exclaimed Mary. She was looking at the TV that was set to the little Goddess&#8217;s room. Goddess Phyllis turned to watch, and she smiled at how wonderful her babies are. Chemaine and Rebecca had their arms up in Sarah&#8217;s ass, all four arms in her ass moving all around, stretching Sarah&#8217;s ass to new proportions. For those who have read earlier chapters, Chemaine was responsible for making her biological mother&#8217;s ass the largest in all the word of Goddess Phyllis. Chemaine had even managed to get a watermelon up Rhonda&#8217;s ass. Now she was fist fucking Sarah along with Rebecca. �We have to go there,� said Goddess Phyllis. She helped Mary off the table and they headed down the corridor toward the girls&#8217; room.

Sarah was moaning in pain, but this only served to make Chemaine and Rebecca work her over more. Chemaine would pull one arm out and punch Sarah&#8217;s severely distended hole, driving her fist up the colon to her elbow. As one came out, the other fist went in. Rebecca kept her arms in the hole, holding it open for Chemaine&#8217;s punches. As Goddess Phyllis and Mary entered, they were greeted by the sight of Sarah on all fours on the bed with Rebecca sitting on her back, both arms up her ass, and Chemaine punching the ass like it was a punching bag.

Rebecca looked up and saw her wife and the new champ. She started to pull out a bit but Goddess Phyllis stopped her. �Keep it up, babies. Make that whole large. I&#8217;m getting a great idea.� She moved forward to get a closer look at Sarah&#8217;s asshole. Yes, it was nice and wide open, huge, perfect for what she had in mind. �Chemaine, Rebecca, do you have to pee?� asked the Goddess. �I do,� said Chemaine with her sixteen year old girlish enthusiasm. Rebecca smiled, sensing what Goddess Phyllis had in mind and added �Me too.� �I do, too,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Girls, take your arms out of Sarah&#8217;s ass and lets piss in her hole. �Yippee,� exclaimed Chemaine. She pulled Sarah off the bed and to the floor, and then had her get on her hands and knees on the coffee tale. It was the perfect height. Chemaine pushed Sarah&#8217;s knees up toward her chest, opening the hole as wide as it could go. Standing over it, Chemaine began peeing, directing her stream to Sarah&#8217;s hole and getting most of it in. With her ass sticking up, there wasn&#8217;t any drippage out. Rebecca was next and took a long pee in Sarah&#8217;s ass. Sarah wasn&#8217;t making a sound. She was actually enjoying the feeling of warmth in her ass.

Goddess Phyllis lined up behind Sarah and released her holy nectar into the waiting, plump ass. Toward the end of her pee, some of it dribbled out of Sarah&#8217;s hole, indicating that the girl was filled. Now for Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s other idea. �Mary, get over here and kneel down behind Sarah. Put your mouth tightly around the hole and suck all of our pee out.� Mary knelt behind Sarah and got as much of the hole as possible against her mouth. The Goddesses helped Sarah up a bit so that gravity could assist Mary. The behemoth woman sucked and sucked and was loving the taste. What a great idea, she thought. Delicious pee straight out of a delicious ass, making it even better. Mary sucked and sucked. After several minutes, she cleaned all of the pee out of Sarah&#8217;s hole. �Goddess Phyllis,� exclaimed Mary, �that was phenomenal.�&nbsp; Mary returned to Sarah&#8217;s ass and kept sucking. �I think Mary wants a little snack, Sarah. Got anything for her?� asked Goddess Phyllis. Actually, Sarah did need to take a dump. The four-fisted fucking had pushed the shit up her colon, but Mary was sucking it further and further down. �Yes, Goddess Phyllis, I have a good load, I think,� said Sarah. 

Mary was sucking with a lot of force as Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca, Chemaine all looked on. Finally, a nice, long turd exited Sarah&#8217;s ass and went right into Mary&#8217;s mouth. This was followed by another, and another. Amazingly, Mary had all three pieces in her mouth, literally a mouthful full of shit. Mary pulled back a little and Sarah dropped a smaller piece of shit on Mary&#8217;s leg. Mary picked it up and fit it in her mouth. She stayed like that as Goddess Phyllis exclaimed �Tremendous! I have never seen so much shit in a person&#8217;s mouth at one time. I think we have a new contest to add to the shit eating contest. Who can hold the most in their mouth? Mary may get yet another title. Now you may eat it,� said Goddess Phyllis. Mary began chewing and swallowing and soon it was gone, washed down by a nice load of pee from Sarah directly into Mary&#8217;s mouth. Yummie.










Chapter 81 &#8211; Another title for Mary

This is not going to be the title referenced in the preceding chapter. Ever the thinker, Rebecca suggested that Mary challenge me, shit-boy, for the shit eating championship. The way Mary devoured Sarah&#8217;s load, plus her two days in the basement eating nothing but shit and piss had given Rebecca the idea that Mary could beat me. Goddess Phyllis loved the idea as did Sherry. It was on for that evening.

When Goddess Chemaine informed me about the challenge, I was quite nervous. Not only was Mary so physically big, but she exhibited a real love of eating shit. Of course, so did I and I have defeated big women before, but there was never anyone as big as Mary.

Goddess Rebecca arranged for the shit collection. Mine would come from Goddess Phyllis, Rebecca, Chemaine, and Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s cunts-in-waiting. Mary&#8217;s load would come from Sherry, Marie, Magda, Babe, Ashley, Oz and Jessica. I almost freaked when I learned of this. If there was better shit out there than what I was to have, it was the collection assembled for Mary. Sherry&#8217;s shit alone rivaled that of Goddess Phyllis, not for me but for anyone else. I was truly worried.

Goddess Phyllis took me aside and put her hands on my cheeks in that special way that she had. �Shit boy,� she said, �This is your toughest challenge yet. When it comes to shit eating, Mary is a stud. Do your best. Should you lose, of course you will be punished. If you win, I will let you eat my pussy.� �Thank you Goddess Phyllis,� I said. �I won&#8217;t let you down.� Goddess Phyllis smiled. �Do your best,� was all She said.

All of the ladies were assembled. Even the Supreme Beings PattyV and Arlene were there, sitting with Supreme Being Dr. Sherry. The shit was laid out on ten platters for each of us, with a pitcher of piss sitting between plates five and six. My piss was from Rebecca and Chemaine, which was great. Mary&#8217;s was from Marie and Magda, also delicious. The rules were simple. The first one to clean off all ten platters wins. This including licking the platters clean, so we were allowed to pick them up and use our hands. Many of the past competitions were done with hands ties behind out backs.

�Begin,� commanded Goddess Phyllis. I began scooping the shit off the plate and shoving it down my throat, gobbling as fast as I could. I quickly finished plate 1 and was on plate 2 before I even looked over toward Mary. She was using her large hands to get all of the shit off the plate and into her mouth in one shot. This she followed with licking the plate clean with her wide tongue. I needed at least two handfuls until I got all of the plateful in my mouth and several licks to clean the plate. Mary needed two licks. As I finished plate 2, Mary was beginning plate 4. She was like a machine and showed no slowing down. Finishing plate 5, she guzzled the pitcher of piss, dribbling some down her chin onto her tits and enormous belly. I was finishing 3 and starting 4 as Mary finished 6 and moved on to 7. The crowd was going nuts, cheering Mary on like they used to do for me. Mary was actually going faster the further along she got. I knew I had no chance. She finished number 10 as I finished number 6. Not only did I lose, it wasn&#8217;t even close.

�We have a new shit eating champ. Let&#8217;s hear it for Mary!� exclaimed Goddess Phyllis. As the crowd gave her a standing ovation, Mary kicked me out of the way and devoured my plates seven through ten. Even I was impressed.

Goddess Phyllis handed Mary the title belt. �Mary, you are a magnificent shit eater. Congratulations!� �Thank you, Goddess Phyllis,� said Mary. �I love eating shit. I can eat more if there is any left.� �You&#8217;ve had enough for now,� said Goddess Phyllis. �Now my poor little shit boy must be punished. Chemaine, get the electrocution machine ready. Mary, drag shit boy to the wall and shackle him.� Mary dragged me by my collar to the wall and put my hands in the upper shackles and feet in the lower. Rebecca rubbed jelly on the spots where the electrodes would be connected &#8211; my nipples, my balls, and the shaft of my penis. A thin wire was inserted in my pee hole, and a dildo wrapped in wire was pushed up my ass.

Chemaine was raring to go. I could see her rubbing her cunt and licking her hand; she got so horny when torturing. Sherry came to stand behind Chemaine and told her to begin. Chemaine was very expert at this and began a light current through my nipples and cock. This felt nice and caused me to get an erection. As the ladies chuckled at my chubby, a more powerful current passing through my balls made it go down and hide as my balls shriveled. A current in my pee hole caused me to scream, which earned me a ball-gag put on none too gently by Mary. Chemaine turned on all of the electrodes now, and I had alternating light and heavy current passing through my nipples, cock (inside and out), balls and ass. Ever so slowly, Chemaine increased the current on all fronts. Very slowly. I was sweating profusely and crying from the pain. Suddenly, at Sherry&#8217;s command, Chemaine turned them all to full force. I shook and vibrated violently as the pain was maddening. My body felt like it was on fire. Mercifully, I passed out.

Magda was sent to unshackle me and hold me. She held me from behind as we lay on the floor. As I slowly came to consciousness, she whispered in my ear to lie quietly. I did as she moved around and squatted over my face. Instinctively opening my mouth, Magda peed and I swallowed it all very gratefully. Her pussy was very wet and I licked and sucked it until she came in my mouth. Magda grinded her pussy on my face until she had a second orgasm. Getting up, she spit on my as she walked away.











Chapter 82 &#8211; Mary&#8217;s Gluttony

Mary&#8217;s coronations as shit eating champion was the start of an addiction, and most, if not all addictions are not good. Mary was in love with eating shit, and with Goddess Phyllis&#8217;s girls available to her, she was going to eat a lot.

Mary also loved Sarah and wanted to marry her. The night of Mary&#8217;s taking of the shit eating crown, when they were finally alone, Mary took Sarah on her ample lap and held her close. �Do you love me, Sarah?� asked Mary while putting her hand on Sarah&#8217;s silky smooth crotch. �Oh my god, yes Mary, I love you more than I&#8217;ve ever loved anyone in my life,� replied Sarah. Mary smiled as she felt Sarah&#8217;s cunt getting wet. Mary looked up and stuck her tongue out, just a little. Sarah knew that meant kiss, and she responded with a deep tongue kiss. Mary could feel Sarah&#8217;s cunt oozing and dripping, and Mary rubbed the wetness back into Sarah&#8217;s hole. Now for the big one. �Sarah, would you like to marry me?� As Mary expected, Sarah was temporarily unable to speak as her cunt let loose with a steamy load of come juice, getting Mary&#8217;s hand all wet as well as Mary&#8217;s luscious thighs. �Yes, yes, yes,� cried Sarah with tears running down her face. Mary wondered if the cunt was wetter then the face or vice versa. Whatever. Mary pulled Sarah into an embrace and rammed her tongue down Sarah&#8217;s throat, and soon Sarah was coming and coming. Mary would suck as much juice from her hand as she could and then putting it back under Sarah to collect more. It was sweet and tasty.

Mary immediately called Sherry to ask permission for the marriage. Sherry was having her pussy sucked on by wife Marie as was frequently the case when they were alone together or more recently, alone together with Magda. Magda had become a full time girlfriend to both Sherry and Marie. Sherry gave her permission for the wedding and told Mary that she would also call Goddess Phyllis on Mary&#8217;s behalf. Mary thanked Sherry profusely.

Goddess Phyllis was glad to hear the news and had her super talented, brilliant and wonderful daughter/wife Rebecca make the arrangements. Geena would give Sarah away and Sherry would give Mary away. Mary&#8217;s wedding attire, which was her idea, was a very sheer, thin white body stocking with a cut out for her enormous ass. Sarah would wear a pair of white panties so that everyone could see her wetness. The judge came to perform the ceremony along with the cardinal. The judge now had a cunt rather than a cock, courtesy of a skilled vaginoplasty at the hands of Sherry. Sherry let the cardinal keep his cock so that the judge would have something to suck on. The final oath, as always, would be administered by Goddess Phyllis.

The night arrived as did all of the disciples of Goddess Phyllis. The supreme beings were all in attendance (PattyV, Arlene and Sherry) along with, of course, Marie and Magda. Geena came out totally naked, as was everyone except the bride and bride, and stopped. Geena&#8217;s magnificent body still drew oohs from the crowd. Sarah emerged and took Geena&#8217;s hand. Sarah was positively glowing. She could not stop smiling, her nipples were very erect, and to say that she already had a wet spot would be an understatement. She was soaked, and this was her second pair of panties. Out next came a naked Sherry, and the crowd of girls moaned at the sight of such gorgeousness. Sherry extended her hand and out came Mary. The moans from that Sherry elicited turned into gasps. Mary was wearing this super thin body stocking, very sheer, and every ripple of skin was as visible as if she was naked. The huge cut out backside allowed Mary&#8217;s ass to garner the attention that it deserved. The crotch was quite wet.

The ceremony was beautiful. Sarah took the vows of obedience and servitude and Mary took the vows of dominance and protection. As the newly married couple embraced, the assembled bunch of girls played with their pussies until they came. This was all part of the tradition. The next part wasn&#8217;t. Mary had such a powerful desire to eat shit that she asked Goddess Phyllis is it would be possible for her to eat the shit of everyone there. Goddess Phyllis looked at Sherry. Sherry knew that too much shit could cause a fairly severe infection, but this was Mary&#8217;s night, so she nodded approval. Goddess Phyllis announced to all the girls what Mary wanted, and they were only too happy to oblige.

One by one, the girls came before Mary and dropped a load into her mouth. No plates for Mary; she wanted it straight from the girl&#8217;s ass. Sarah would lick the girls&#8217; holes clean. They all shit in her mouth, from Magda to Marilyn, Babe to Mary Beth, Oz to Angel. All in all, ninety-seven girls shit into Mary&#8217;s mouth, and Mary ate it all. The �event� took a little over two hours. Mary lay back, and her beautiful white body suit was shit stained with the dribblings from her mouth, and the crotch of the suit was totally soaked, extending into the thighs. She had come many times, and now Mary was spent. With assistance from Oz and Nurse Linda, Mary and Sarah went to their home in the supreme goddess mansion to spend their wedding night.

It was sometime around three a.m. when Sarah awoke to Mary&#8217;s moans. Looking over, she could see Mary sweating profusely, and she seemed to have a sickly pale color. Sarah touched Mary&#8217;s forehead and pulled back; the girl was burning up. Sarah called Sherry&#8217;s number. Magda picked up and listened to Sarah describe the symptoms. She called for an ambulance from the Sherry Medical Center woke up Marie, and the two of them discussed waking Sherry. Considering how much Mary meant to Sherry, they decided that they had to wake her, so they did, and all three headed to the Medical Center to no doubt pump that massive stomach of Mary and administer some heavy duty antibiotics. No more shit eating for Mary, except maybe one load every now and again.









Chapter 83 &#8211; Mary Loves Pee

Mary woke up in the hospital bed and saw the face of her loving wife, Sarah, looking at her. �How are you feeling Master? You had a good sleep.� Mary looked at Sarah and smiled. �Hi baby, I feel much better. But I really have to pee.� Sarah smiled. She knew that Mary was not to get up from bed yet, and a bedpan was, well, out of the question. Sarah helped slide Mary over to the edge of the bed and got between her enormous thighs. Mary pulled her legs back and Sarah pushed up the fleshy underbelly so that she could get her mouth on Mary&#8217;s pussy. As soon as she did, Mary pressed Sarah&#8217;s head tight to her cunt and let loose a hot stream of piss. It was a long pee and Sarah dutifully swallowed every drop. As Mary finished, Sarah kept licking at the pussy, cleaning up the few last remnants of the golden nectar. This licking turned into a pussy sucking as Mary was quite hot and no one knew her pussy better than Sarah. Sarah sucked on the big, fat cunt lips and stuck her tongue as far in Mary&#8217;s pussy as possible. With her tongue in Mary&#8217;s hole, Sarah&#8217;s face was buried against the fat folds of flesh that comprised Mary&#8217;s outer cunt lips. Mary squeezed her thighs around Sarah&#8217;s head, nearly causing her to pass out from the pressure. The pressure of Sarah&#8217;s face, specifically her forehead, on Mary&#8217;s clit was wonderful and Mary let loose a load of cunt juice into Sarah&#8217;s mouth. The skilled subservient wife did not spill a drop as Mary finished. Mary let Sarah stay down there for a few minutes before rolling back toward the middle of the bed.

Before Sarah could get off of her knees, Dr Sherry came in the room. �Umm, do I smell Mary&#8217;s cunt? I sure do, and a hint of pee, also. Sarah, get up and come here.� Sarah got up and approached the magnificent Sherry. As usual, Sherry was totally naked under her white lab coat. Her magnificent 40DDs, round as the day is long, pushed the coat open and Sherry&#8217;s hairless pussy glistened with wetness. Sherry took Sarah&#8217;s face in her hands and sniffed it. �Ah yes, Mary must be feeling a lot better. I smell a lot of come here, and the pee smells good, too.� Sarah was unable to look Sherry directly in the eyes without specifically being ordered to do so and lowered her gaze to the floor. Sherry lifted her face up with a finger under the chin and kissed Sarah. Sherry was loving the taste of Mary that was coming from Sarah&#8217;s mouth; a sweet combination of pee and cunt juice. As Sherry&#8217;s tongue was roaming in and out of Sarah&#8217;s mouth, Sarah was getting hotter and hotter. She was already on fire from servicing Mary&#8217;s cunt, and now this was more than she could bear. Sherry felt this and put her hand on Sarah&#8217;s soaking wet crotch. Sarah was wearing tight shorts with no panties and the crotch of the shorts was soaked. The touch of Sherry down there sent Sarah into a tremendous orgasm. Sherry wrapped an arm around Sarah to keep her from falling and kept the other arm between Sarah&#8217;s legs, squeezing Sarah&#8217;s cunt in a rhythmic fashion. This served to prolong Sarah&#8217;s orgasm to the point where she went totally limp in Sherry&#8217;s arms. Sherry had no trouble lifting her and putting her in bed next to Mary.

Mary was watching this and playing with her clit and was about to come when Sherry put Sarah in the bed. Sherry took Mary&#8217;s hand from between her legs and began licking it and sucking the fingers. Mary may be a five hundred pound behemoth, but she had a sweet pussy. Sherry got on top of Mary in the sixty-nine position and told Sarah to lift up the folds of Mary&#8217;s abdomen. As Sarah lifted, Sherry got her mouth on the big girl&#8217;s pussy and began sucking like a wild woman. While doing this, she got her pussy on Mary&#8217;s mouth and Mary was returning the hard sucking. After about a minute of this mutual suckfest, both girls came at the same time. Mary had her hands on Sherry&#8217;s ass and was pressing Sherry as hard onto her face as possible. Sherry had a good, long orgasm, sustained by sucking Mary&#8217;s come, and Mary came a lot because of having Sherry&#8217;s pussy on her mouth. Fun for all.

Sherry got of the bed and looked at Mary&#8217;s chart. �Mary, I&#8217;m going to discharge you this afternoon. You are fine. But, your shit eating days are over. Goddess Phyllis gave the shit eating title back to shit boy. In a few weeks, you may be permitted to have an occasional load, but that&#8217;s it.� Mary was teary eyed. She had found her two true callings in life: wrestling and shit eating. And now, one of them was off limits. Mary vowed right then and there to put her energies totally into wrestling. And drinking pee. Could she? �Sherry,� said Mary, �can I still drink pee?� Sherry smiled. �Sure, Mary, all you want. Urine is quite antiseptic and will not do to you what shit did. Shit, while delicious when coming from magnificent ladies like us, is not a healthy thing to eat. But urine is fine.� With that, Sherry got back in bed and straddled Mary&#8217;s face. Her cunt was on top of Mary&#8217;s mouth as Sherry let loose a luscious stream of pee. Mary lapped it up and loved the taste and warm feeling as it went down into her belly. There was no pee better than that of Sherry.

Before being released from the hospital, Mary was treated to a visit from Marie, who took a nice big pee into Mary&#8217;s mouth, Magda, who did the same, and Linda (now Nurse Linda, formerly dog Linda) who took the longest pee of them all. While the girls were peeing into Mary&#8217;s mouth, Sarah had her head buried in Mary&#8217;s pussy, and Mary came twice for each load of pee for a total of six orgasms into Sarah&#8217;s mouth. Each orgasm produced a lot of fluid, and Sarah sucked every single drop. It was like liquid gold and was not to be wasted. All of this sucking made Sarah so hot and wet that she thought she would explode. And she may have if Mary didn&#8217;t pull her onto her mouth and suck the daylights out of Sarah&#8217;s cunt.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





