BDSM Library - First day of new life




First day of new life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: my first story so be kind...the imaginary first day of moving in with my dream domme








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-07-20T01:00:00Z
  2007-07-20T01:00:00Z
  6
  2252
  12842
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  107
  30
  15064
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






###### please
feedback as this is the first story i have submitted#########

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

i woke up nice
and early on our first morning in your new home, where you have taken me in as
your pet-boy-toy, in time to come into your room and give your wake up call. we
had decided that i wouldn't be sleeping next to you on hot nights, or any time
when u didnt want me. instead i was either to sleep at the foot of your bed or
to sleep on the floor in my own room. and given that you didnt want to be woken
up by the harsh sound of an alarm anymore, you thought it best if i spend the
first night in the other room so that we could try the new set up. 

&nbsp;

before sending me
to bed last night, you had clearly gone over how you wanted to be woken up, i
was to come into your room quietly and sit at the bottom of your bed and start
by massaging your feet and slowly bringing you back to life, then i was to
follow your every command for the rest of my waking moments that day. and just
before you left me to sleep that night you had grabbed my chin with your hand
and made me look to you the way somebody does to a dog tht has been disobedient
and you said: 

&nbsp;

&quot;remember
from now on the only time where you have only control over yourself is when you
sleep, and even then i expect you to dream about serving me, do you
understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;yes
godess&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;good&quot;

&nbsp;

and with that you
pushed me down on my modest matress by putting your bare heel to my forhead and
giving it a gentle kick. as i lay there looking up at you helplessly and
admiring th power that you had over me, you extended the same foot over to my
face and in your beautiful demanding voice said:

&nbsp;

&quot;open your
mouth boy&quot;

&nbsp;

obediently i did
just that, and you took that as invitation to shove as much of your foot into
my mouth as you could fit in, and not satisfied with that you continued to push
and wigglle you toes as if that was going to make more room in my mouth. i
gagged, you just ignored me and continued, &quot;mmmm so warm..&quot; you
closed your eyes and slightly threw your head back, rolling your neck in
pleasure. when you had snapped outa yor little trance, you looked down your
nose at me and with your foot still in my gaping mouth� whispered. &quot;welcome to life under my
feet slave, i am gonna work you to the bone here, and if u dont like it u can
either getused to it or leave&quot; i nodded in agreement. &quot;i am going to
make you do things you would never have�
imagineed you would do&quot; and with that you smiled and took your foot
outa my mouth and rubbed the slubber all over my face. and when you were done
you turned around and left the room. &quot;sweet dreams&quot; is all you said
as you switched my light off closed the door behind you.

&nbsp;

�the next morning, following your instructions,
i quietly tip toed into your room and placed my self gently at the bottom of
your bed 

�where your feet were sticking out from under
the covers, i momentarily admired your beauty as you slept there silently, and
slowly took your right foot into my hand and cupped the heel in my hand and
with my other one i started rubbing the arch and worked my way slowly up to the
balls of your foot and from there onto your toes. by now you had managed to
work a little satisfied smile onto your face and were stirring in your place,
this got me excited knowing that i was pleasuring you and waking you up
pleasantly. i put your right foot down and began the ritualistic massaging
routine on your left foot. by now you had opened your eyes and were observing
and admiring your work, and thinking just how wonderful it was to have a
devoted slave like me pamper you and spoil you like this.

&nbsp;

&quot;good
morning, godess&quot;

&nbsp;

you just gruntled
in acknowledgment, i felt as tho i was not even worthy of words that early in
the morning. i kept massaging you for a little while more. &quot;get down put
your lips to my feet boy.&quot; i obeyed and bent down and started kissing your
toes softly. &quot;i want you to really worship me, carass my feet and lick
them all over like the dog that you are&quot; and with that you put one foot
over my already lowered head and smothered my face onto your other foot, i was
licking and massaging you ferveresly bu this point and had gotten very excited
and aroused by your early morning attention. after you had enough of my
worshipping and massaging you you simply pushed my face away from you with your
foot. 

&nbsp;

&quot;i want to
have a bath go and prepare my bath for me&quot; is all you said and without
hesitation i jumped up and ran a hot bath for you. just as i was done you
walked into the bathroom all naked and ready, it was like you had perfect
timing. completely ignoring me on the side of the bath tub, you tested the
water temprature and saisfied it was to your liking you stepped into the bath,
moaning with pleasure you slid the resst of your body slowly into the tub. 

&nbsp;

&quot;mmm, soo
good&quot; you said with your eyes closed. &quot;now get in and start scrubbing
my feet&quot; i obeyed and jumped at the oportunity to be able to touch you
again. i got the sponge and slowly started wiping the bottom of your feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;you know we
need to talk about our little arrangement here&quot;

&nbsp;

i nodded

&nbsp;

&quot;now i have
taken you in as my slave, and as long we are here i dont expect to do another
ordinary chor ever again, understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;yes
goddess&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;and why
wouldn't i want to do that&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;because you
have me?&quot;

&nbsp;

then suddentl you
kicked me in the face with the bottom of your unapreciative feet. shocked i
droped the sponge&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;continue
cleaning me i didnt say you could stop did i?&quot; adn with that your foot
flew in my face for a second time.

&nbsp;

&quot;now, i dont
want to do chors because i am a godess and i am above it, i should never have
to clean another thing again, understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

i nodded

&nbsp;

&quot;not even
myself, you are here to do all that for me got it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;yes
goddess&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;good now
keep washing me&quot;

&nbsp;

i sponged you for
the nxt half hour and you were in no hurry to end it, but when the water
temprature dropped you got bored of the bath idea and got up and and out of the
tub. i quickly jumped out to get our towel.

&nbsp;

&quot;where are
you going?&quot; you called after me?

&nbsp;

&quot;to get your
towl&quot;

&nbsp;

you shook your
finger at me, &quot;my skin is too delicate for towels and the such i am trying
a new thing from now on, come here and kneel before your godess, naturally i
obeyed, and again i was looking up at your beautiful body towering over me. 

&nbsp;

&quot;you will
use your tongue, to get most of the water off me, it will be better for my skin
then you will pat dry me with your hands, now that i have a lot more time on my
hands i can be pat and lick dried. you get it?&quot;

&nbsp;

i looked you up
and down, yo still had soap all over you from the bath,

&nbsp;

&quot;but you
still have soap on you..&quot; my complaint was cut short by you grabbing my
hair and bringing my face close to your leg and a big chunk of foam.

&nbsp;

&quot;you'll get
used to it, now get licking&quot; i hesitated but the pull in my hair suggested
you were quite serious so i just plunged in and started licking the soap off
you, the taste of the foam was very bitter.

&nbsp;

&quot;what if i
get sick?&quot; i pleaded as you held my hair in your overpowering grip.

&nbsp;

&quot;we'll
figure something out, now keep licking, i want all the soap off me. i licked my
way down to your feet and got all the soap from every part of your legs, then
back up to your crutch you aided me here and after getting me to concentrate on
your clit for an extended amount of time you moved my head up to your belly and
breasts. by now you were clearly getting aroused and were moaning loudly,
seeing that i was enjoying this you quickly collected yourself, trying to deny
me the pleasure of continuing. you told me that you were sufficiently dried for
now and that this was something i needed to work on and sent me to make you
breakfast.

&nbsp;

breakfast was
served after you had dressed yourself. there was only one chair at our dining
table, i was barred from all forms of elevated seating and were to sit at your
feet when you were eating, you occasionally droped some left over toast on the
floor and after crushing it with your foot got me to lick it off, and after you
were done eatng you filled my bowl up with some tea and put it in front of me
on the floor before i could drink it you spat in it and stirred it with your
big toe and thn shoved your toe in my mouth and swiggled it around forcefully.
&quot;this is for argueing with me about how i like to be dried this morning,
now have your tea but you have to drink it like a dog.&quot; with that you
watched me slurp up the liquid from the bowl with my mouth and you indulged
yourself by pushing my head down with your foot just to make it more difficult.
this made spilling the tea on the tiles of the dining room inevitable.

&nbsp;

&quot;now lick my
floor clean, wash the dishes and go prepare lunch while i go for a walk&quot;

&nbsp;

and with that you
left. i spent the next few hours preparing your lunch and thinking about the
exciting new living arrangement you had set up for us. this was always one of
your fantasies, all throughout uni you would tell me how as soon as you
finished your degree we'd be moving into a bigger house and how you'd be the
&quot;breadwinner&quot; and you'd make me the &quot;housewife&quot;. i kinda
didnt take it too seriosuly and just thought it was the kinda thing that you
said when we were having sex and you were letting your imagination run wild.
but you graduated and got a good paying job at a science lab, with which you
easily support the two of us. then one day you came over and told me you had taken
a mortgage and showed me the house and told me that i better like it cause i
was to stop studying and become your house keeper. 

&nbsp;

my first
re-action was &quot;yea right&quot; after all i had to finish my studies, but
you just looked at me with a stern expression and told me very bluntly, that it
was either that or you were going to leave me and find somebody more willing. 

&nbsp;

i had very little
choice, so i figured i best just put my life on hold for now and just go with
you for the ride, after all plenty of women do what i was about to do all the
time, get married have kids stay home and clean, so hell if it meant being in
the prescence of my beautiful julia well so be it.

&nbsp;

you came back all
sweaty and exhausted, and sat down on the stool near the door. &quot;come here
slave&quot; i started walking towards you, &quot;crawl&quot; i dropped to my
knees and crawled the rest of the way towards you.

&nbsp;

&quot;stick out
your tongue the bottom of my shoes are dirty, ive decided i want to keep
themsparkling from now on&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;but?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;no buts open
your mouth&quot; you ordered, and grabed my hair, and as you held my head in
place with your hand you dragged the bottom of your heels over my tongue from
the bottom up and repeated this several times untill you were satisfied that it
was clean then you swapped over to the next.

&nbsp;

&quot;you should
be thanking me for building up your immune system youll be healthier because of
this&quot; and you continued to scrape the dirst off the bottom of your shoes
onto my tongue. 

&nbsp;

&quot;now show me
your tongue&quot; i did, it was full of gunk. &quot;open your mouth wide.&quot;
i did and you spat in it &quot;that should help you swollow that, and remember
i don't ever want you to spit anything i give to you, i am your godess and you
should thank me for everthing i give you understand&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;yes godess,
thank you&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;good now im
gonna have a lye down,&quot; and you slept soundly for the next hour as i
prepared the rest of your lunch. 

&nbsp;

&quot;food is
ready godess&quot; i called to you as i was massaging your feet. you shoved me
asside and headed to the toilet. and i just sat there on your bed waiting, ten
minutes later you called out for me. i came to the bathroom, and knocked on the
door. 

&nbsp;

&quot;get in
here&quot;

&nbsp;

i came in,
&quot;crawl&quot; i dropped to my knees and crawled to you, you were sitting on
the toilet bowl with your undies around your ankles, &quot;take those off
me&quot; you instructed lifting your ankles, i grabbed the undies and tossed
them aside. 

&nbsp;

&quot;now listen
carefuly, when you unpacked the toilet paper last night we had only one roll
left, so i'm gonna be very nice to you and leave that for you, in fact i have
decided i dont want my precious skin to ever cme in touch with this toilet paer
anymore its like sand paper and i deserve better.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot; we could
by a thicker one&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;no you
idiot, theyre all the same, i got you now i dont need a thicker one&quot;

&nbsp;

i was shocked,
excited and slightly grossed out, what were you suggesting, i took a deep
breath, from the smell of the room you had just had a bowel movement, you could
see the worry in my eyes. and you just ignored it.

&nbsp;

&quot;turn around
and ly down facing up, with your head at the bottom of the bowel&quot;

&nbsp;

i obeyd, you got
up and quickly squatted over my face and spread your but cheeks with your
hands, i could smell the fresh feces pouring down from your spread anus, and
could clearly see it smeared all around the outside of the anus and in your
butt crack.

&nbsp;

i started to
whine a bit i wasn't sure if this was something i wanted to do certainly it
wasnt discussed before.

&nbsp;

&quot;cmon, lick
me and don't complain, you have to get used to this or i'll get someone who has
what it takes to live with a godess like me&quot; i didnt want to get replaced
so i tentetatively poket my tongue out and started to lap up the fresh bits of
feces around your anus, the smell over powered me and the stuff felt gooey and
sticky in mouth, the taste was the worst thing ever. without any reservation
you took my obedience as hint to completely realease yourself on my face, i
could feel more feces oozing out of your relaxed anus into my mouth as i
licked, i began to moan alarmingly.

&nbsp;

&quot;shoosh,
dont complain just lap it all up nicely, get every bit of shit outa of my
asshole and be thankful i see you worthy of cleaning my private parts.&quot;
you smeared all of your feces into m mouth, the same way one does on TP. 

&nbsp;

&quot;ooh that
feels great, good boy, stick your tongue right in and clean right up my
ass&quot; you pushed yourself down on me and forced me to rim you, the smell of
your feces was all i could sense now, even my tastebuds were filled with your
overpowering smell and the back of my throat was getting clogged up, as if to
try to reject the waste matter. &quot;mmm eat all my shit up, this is good,
your gonna do this everyday slave, soon i'll have you eating shit outa of my
ass and dirt off my boots for breakfast&quot; the idea turned me on so much but
ididnt think i'd be able to go through with it.

&nbsp;

after you were
satisfied that you were clean, you lifted yourself off &quot;now thank me&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;thank you
godess&quot; as i said that, i got up and started choking and coughing, my
throat clearly wanted to reject the waste, so i shot up for the sink, but you
grabbed my hair and pulled me up in my tracks, &quot;don't you dare spit that
out slave, rememeber what i said to you cherish every gift i give to you, now
you will swallow that forthere is gonna be more where that came from, i'll make
you into a toilet if i want to, you understand me?&quot;

&nbsp;

i swalloed and
the pain in my throat produced tears in my eyes, &quot;good now get on the bed,
you have to service me some more after i have my lunch.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  submissive afro


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





