BDSM Library - True Love




True Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Blair has the perfect life - until she finds it spinning out of control.







 
  Me
  2
  1
  2007-07-16T04:54:00Z
  2007-07-16T04:54:00Z
  1
  3357
  19138
  Home
  159
  44
  22451
  10.6830
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman"}








&nbsp;

������������������������������� &nbsp; True Love

&nbsp;

����������������������������&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
by 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Night Writer

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�����������������������������&nbsp; I - The Dream

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Lie still Blair, and I won't hurt you.&quot;

&nbsp;

She stands over you - she in her smart charcoal jacket
and slacks, you  

nearly naked, stretched out on your bed in black bra and
panties,  

wrists burning from the handcuffs fastened through the
heavy headboard.

&nbsp;

You can see in her green eyes that she's serious. A short
riding crop  

in her right hand guarantees it. She's partially undone
her white  

blouse, just enough to tease you with glimpses of her
small, round  

breasts tipped with pink nipples that reach out to you
like tiny  

fingers, rigid with the hope that you will misbehave, and
she'll get to  

use the crop on your smooth legs and belly.

&nbsp;

So you stop struggling, pulling your bare thighs together
and to the  

side to avoid the crop, should it fall.� But you're still breathing  

hard, eyes full of defiance, glaring at her for tricking
you, for  

breaking her promise to eat you.
 

&nbsp;

She creeps onto the bed beside you, her face now so close
to yours, her  

short red hair hanging just low enough to brush the skin
of your cheek.  

You glance down her open blouse, wishing more than
anything you could  

suck one of her nipples between your lips and push
against the hard  

bead of flesh with the tip of your tongue.

&nbsp;

&quot;You must have wanted me very badly, Blair.&quot;

&nbsp;

You think back, remembering how long you've lusted after
her, the  

weeks, then months that passed before 
you could muster the nerve 

to even make a friendly advance. Then 
this. Working together later 

than usual one night at the office, 
lights low, desks all vacant, the 

windows of an adjacent office 
building sparkling like stars in the 

night sky - she looked at you for a 
long time, reached out to stroke 

your hair, then leaned close, her lips moving against your ear.

&nbsp;

&quot;You can have me if you want,&quot; she had
whispered. &quot;You don't even have  

to ask.&quot;

&nbsp;

You remember the flutter that touched your stomach, and
how your legs  

opened under your desk when she kissed you. And that's
all it took. You  

were hers.

&nbsp;

Silly you. Ready to play any game she suggested, if only
you could have  

her naked body against yours. So willing, that you placed
both wrists  

in the cuffs yourself, letting her snap them shut with a
knowing smile.  

You were in heaven while she stripped you, raising your
hips so she  

could tug at your skirt and stockings, not even caring
when she cut  

your new silk blouse from your body.
 

&nbsp;

&quot;Talk to me, Blair. Tell me what you want.&quot;

&nbsp;

You're surprised by her demand, not sure what to say. She
taps your  

belly with the crop, just hard enough to get your
attention. It stings,  

but causes a flood between your legs at the same time.

&nbsp;

&quot;P-please,&quot; you stammer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Please what, Blair? Please beat me? Please eat me?
Please fuck me? I  

didn't know you were such a girly girl. Afraid to ask for
what you  

want? I expected you to beg. What a disappointment.&quot;

&nbsp;

The crop comes down harder, across your ass, a forceful,
lashing blow,  

and you cry out, twisting away from her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ahh, she speaks! Perhaps another blow will make her
sing.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Nooo!&quot; you reply at once, fearing a more
painful strike. &quot;I'll tell  

you - I'll tell you - please, please, eat me, fuck me,
please...&quot; Your  

eyes tear as you beg her for the sex you've wanted for so
long. But not  

like this. Not like this.

&nbsp;

&quot;Spread your legs, Blair. Open them.&quot;

&nbsp;

You do. You spread them wide, knees slightly drawn up,
panty-covered  

mound already showing a dark stain from your juices. You
pray she  

doesn't use the crop there.

&nbsp;

She touches the plump mound with the tip of the crop,
drawing it down,  

tracing the length of your slit as it yawns wider, now
soaking the thin  

wisp of black cotton. The crop returns again and again,
now with a  

firmer hand, teasing your clitoris until your hips rise
to meet it with  

each touch.

&nbsp;

&quot;I knew you'd be easy. Such a slut. And to think,
little miss perfect,  

the icon of professionalism, a true example of today's
career woman,  

here in handcuffs, begging me to do all these nasty
things to her.  

Admit it, Blair. You're a slut at heart. You've always
been a slut.&quot;

&nbsp;

She raises the crop again, this time only a few feet
above your cunt.  

It hovers in the air there, waiting, waiting, for your
answer, the  

right answer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes!&quot; you scream. &quot;I am! A slut! Your
slut! Please - no more - I'm  

begging you!&quot;

&nbsp;

She smiles with satisfaction and places the crop on the
bed. Then,  

she's pulling your panties off your hips, down your
spread legs, and  

over your toes. Next, with a quick snip of the scissors,
your bra is  

gone, freeing your large, meaty tits. She licks her lips
as they spill  

from the black lace, flattening only slightly, proud and
firm with  

angry red nipples.

&nbsp;

You watch, trembling, as she lowers her face between your
legs, then  

moan with relief when her tongue dips into your cunt. But
her eyes are  

on you again. She stops. Your eyes meet hers, pleading to
continue.  

You're too breathless to speak.

&nbsp;

&quot;Shall I finish you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;P-please,&quot; you whimper. &quot;Oh God,
please.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You'll be my slut?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yessss!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No more panties at the office?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yessss!&quot; you agree, too excited to think about
her demands.

&nbsp;

&quot;And no bra as well?&quot;
 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yessss!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;And you won't mind if I tell everyone we're
lovers?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I - I don't care, don't care at all,
please...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;My sweet Blair, you were born a slut, weren't
you? Now, beg me to  

eat you.&quot;

&nbsp;

You beg her over and over. You admit anything and everything.
Yes, you  

were born a slut, and you'll die a slut.

&nbsp;

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes...

&nbsp;

And when her tongue rolls perfectly over your clit, too
many times for  

you to count, long after you stop begging, you cum long
and hard,  

screaming her name into the night as your body thrashes
and pulls at  

the cuffs above your head.  

&nbsp;

And you know you are lost. Forever.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�����������������������������������&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

You're back at work the next day, sure she didn't mean
what she said.  

You wear both panties and bra, never thinking about the
consequences.  

Then she's behind you, running her hand over your ass,
checking.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're a bad girl, Blair. You know what I do to bad
girls.&quot;

&nbsp;

You can't move. What if others should see her pawing you?
Too afraid to  

turn to face her, you reply softly, &quot;I'm sorry. I
didn't think...&quot;

&nbsp;

Her fingers trail between your legs from behind, making
you squirm. She  

pushes up against the wet spot already spreading over
your tiny, white  

cotton panties. You're afraid she'll go further, and
afraid she'll  

stop. So delicious, to be played with in public. You know
you'll do  

anything she asks.

&nbsp;

&quot;Take them off, Blair.&quot;

&nbsp;

She couldn't possibly expect you to...

&nbsp;

&quot;No Blair, not here. Go to the ladies room. Take
your purse. Your bra  

and panties better be in it when you get back.&quot;

&nbsp;

You don't move away until she stops fingering you. Then,
without  

question or hesitation, you do as she says. You feel so
cheap as you  

strip the panties and bra from beneath your slacks and
blouse. You do  

it quickly, before someone comes in, before someone
discovers what� 

you've become. Your small purse bulges after you stuff
everything in.  

A small piece of white bra strap escapes when you close
the catch,  

hanging off the side, unnoticed by you in your haste to
finish before  

you're found. Your nipples scrape the fabric of your
blouse as you  

hurry to leave. Glancing in the mirror, you see your tits
bouncing as  

you walk, hard points of your nipples straining against
the sheer white  

material that clearly shows two dark circles of your
areola. The image  

shocks you, and makes you wet at the same time. What will
they think...

&nbsp;

You hurry back to your office. She's there, of course.
She tells you  

how proud she is of you, how luscious you look to her,
and how she'd  

like to eat you, right then and there. But of course she
doesn't. She  

couldn't in front of all these people. Could she? You
wonder if you'd  

let her if she demanded it.

&nbsp;

She pushes you into a corner where no one can see, works
her hand down  

the front of your slacks, and slides her middle finger
into your  

sopping pussy. You want her to keep it there, to take you
in her arms  

and masturbate you until you cum in your own office.
Instead, she pulls  

her hand free and offers the same finger to you, placing
it lightly on  

your lips. You open and suck. It's the first time you've
tasted  

yourself. But you'd do it again and again for her.

&nbsp;

She leaves you, wet and wanting. She doesn't even speak
to you, and  

disappears without a word at the end of the day. You
wonder if you've  

displeased her in some way, but have no way of knowing.
No sleep for  

you this night. You toss and turn, anxious, troubled, and
in heat for  

her.

&nbsp;

She's pleased the next day. Your slacks are light tan,
and show clearly  

that you're naked underneath them. You choose a silk top
to keep your  

nipples from aching, but hadn't counted on how the soft
material would  

collapse over your swaying breasts, showing them off in
exquisite  

detail.

&nbsp;

You've earned a pet name.

&nbsp;

&quot;You look wonderful today, my little Pussy.&quot;

&nbsp;

Pussy. You're insulted at first, but before long convince
yourself it  

fits. Like a glove.

&nbsp;

At lunch, she closes your office door and fingers you
again. You're  

melting in her hands when she stops.

&nbsp;

&quot;You do it, Pussy. I want to watch. Do it till you
cum.&quot;

&nbsp;

You do your best to work your hand inside the narrow belt
and  

waistband, but soon give up and open the slacks, letting
them slide to  

your knees. Your fingers are soaked, plunging in and out
of your cunt.

&nbsp;

&quot;Taste yourself, Pussy.&quot;

&nbsp;

You bring your fingers to your mouth and lick them, one
by one. She  

watches, running her hand lightly over her meager
breasts, breathing  

deeply as she takes in the sight of you, the sight of a
bright,  

attractive woman slowly losing control of her life.

&nbsp;

She takes a few steps toward you, now 
close enough to smell the musk 

of your sex. The green of her eyes holds you with an unseen
force,  

powerful and paralyzing.  

&nbsp;

&quot;Cum for me, Pussy. Show me how wet 
I've made you. Show me 

everything.&quot;

&nbsp;

You tug your panties over your hips and slide them to
mid-thigh. The  

soft, dark hair that covers your cunt is wet and matted.
You plunge  

your fingers into it again, desperate for your orgasm now
that she's  

given you permission. It doesn't take long. A minute,
maybe less. She  

sees your hips begin to thrust suddenly faster against
your hand, knows  

you've come to the edge, and covers your mouth with hers,
muffling the  

long, guttural moan that escapes from deep within your
body. Leaning  

into her, you finish yourself, savoring each precious
second, holding  

it, making it last until you're limp in her arms, panting
like a bitch  

in heat.

&nbsp;

She's happy with you for a week, but then feels the need
to dress you  

in clothes of her choosing. She brings a large shopping
bag to work one  

day, full of your new clothes. And you wear them starting
the next day  

- clothes you would never have worn before - but for her,
anything.  

Tight, fitted blouses and sweaters with deeply cut V
necks, showing off  

your round, succulent breasts. Tiny, pleated skirts that
barely fall to  

your upper thighs, flaring to show your round ass every
time you turn  

too quickly. They can't keep their eyes off you in
meetings. Even  

trying your best to keep your legs tightly pressed
together, sooner or  

later you shift just enough to show a glimpse of the
long, pink gash  

between your legs, now shaved bare at her request. Men
stare at you.  

Women snicker behind your back when they think you aren't
listening. A  

week passes, then two.

&nbsp;

Your boss calls you in for your annual review. He
dismisses much of the  

good work you've done. He stares at your tits. He tells
you to work  

harder. Longer hours. He's given your project to someone
&quot;more  

appropriate.&quot; You struggle to hold back tears,
forgetting to keep the  

brief plaid skirt tucked between your thighs. He looks
through the  

glass desktop, down at your lap, where rounded inner
thighs part to  

reveal your cunt, freshly shaved this morning. He doesn't
even pretend  

to look away. After an hour, you've lost your office, and
gained more  

menial tasks - filing, copying...

&nbsp;

By the time he's done with you, you wonder why you
haven't been fired.  

Then it comes to you. He's a man, just like all the
others, just  

waiting for the chance to stick his cock in you. You're
an office pet  

now. A curiosity, more suited to organizing office
parties than to the  

position that you worked so hard for, for so long.

&nbsp;

But then she comes up behind you again, lifting the
narrow pleats that  

barely cover your ass, trailing her fingers deep into the
space between  

your thighs. Whispering, purring, in a voice meant only
for you.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good Pussy. Sexy, hot, girly girl Pussy. You really
do look good  

enough to eat. And I am very, very hungry. I think I'll
take you home  

tonight.&quot;

&nbsp;

And you start to cry. Not for your project. Not for your
office. Not  

even for your life. You cry because she loves you. You're
absolutely  

sure of it.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������������� ***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Her apartment's spacious - tasteful, clean lines of glass
and  

gray. Not like yours - fluffy white pillows and fancy
French doors.  

She pours you a drink, white wine in a tall slender
glass, then goes  

to change. Modestly sized Rodin replicas dot the perimeter
of the room, 

each at rest on its own simple black 
pedestal - cold, white, 

flesh-from-stone women with faces 
hidden, lying twisted into shapes 

that flaunt their bodies in the most 
sensual ways. You're drawn to one 

of them, a voluptuous female form 
lying with legs curled under her, 

face nearly obscured by a river of 
flowing hair. You trace the lines of 

her sinuous back and rounded ass with 
a single outstretched finger, 

and worry that you may not be worthy 
of her collection.

&nbsp;

She's back in minutes, wearing nothing beneath an
oversized white  

shirt, fastened at the front by a single button. Now
she's all red  

hair, green eyes, and full, wide lips atop two long,
finely chiseled  

legs that move so gracefully under her. You stare at her,
not believing  

she can be so beautiful, catching glimpses of the neatly
trimmed patch  

of red where the shirt-tails part.
 

&nbsp;

She's as at home in the kitchen as she is at work,
confidently wielding  

a large knife to turn raw, fresh tuna into thin slivers
of flesh, so  

sweet in your mouth you would have never known it was
taken from the  

sea. You feast, until the wine has you both giddy.
Between fits of  

laughter she says your name. Then, in a careless,
unguarded moment,  

you tell her you love her.

&nbsp;

She's still laughing a little when you tell her. She's
unfazed, still  

giggling, allowing a trickle of wine to escape down her
chin. She  

catches it in the palm of her hand, then feeds it to you
off her  

fingers.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come to bed, Pussy. We haven't had desert.&quot;

&nbsp;

It takes her only seconds to strip you. The little skirt
falls to the  

floor, the sweater slips so easily over your head. She
opens the only  

button and the shirt slides off her shoulders. Her mouth
is on you at  

once, quick kisses over your neck, lashing your nipples
and breasts  

with her tongue, nibbling at your belly with gentle
bites.  

&nbsp;

Then you're on her bed. She ties a long scarf around your
neck, now  

both collar and leash. Her hands guide you, turning you
onto your  

stomach, lifting your ass until you're on your hands and
knees. A sharp  

tug on the scarf and you turn your head back to look at
her. She's  

there behind you, eyes glittering. Thin, delicate
shoulders and bare,  

upturned breasts cause your pulse to quicken, your cunt
to swell and  

open.  

&nbsp;

She retrieves it from a drawer at the side of the
bed, so long and  

thick that you gasp when you understand. She fastens the
straps about  

her waist. It wobbles slightly, stiff, black, and
glistening with  

slippery jelly applied with the loving care you hope she
shows you as  

well. Taking her position behind you, she pulls your
fleshy ass cheeks  

apart, fingering the deep crevice lightly with a touch
that drives you  

mad. You feel her pulling at your inner lips, running
their length over  

and over, then cradling your swollen clit between thumb
and forefinger.  

At that moment you feel it breech you, stretching you
where you've  

never been entered before. It burns, until you learn to
let it have its  

way with you. Even then, as it fills you, inch by inch,
you can barely  

breathe. It's so large, a monstrous invader, filling you
to depths you  

could never have imagined. And when you cry out, begging
her to stop,  

she rolls your clit with fingers so skilled, everything
else is  

forgotten.  

&nbsp;

Eventually its careful entry and slow retreat increase in
pace, until  

she's plunging into you, pounding against you with her
hips, shaking  

your quivering body with savage thrusts. You grunt each
time her hips  

slam against your ass. Never have pain and pleasure held
you so tightly  

at the same time. Surrendering yourself so completely
would be  

terrifying, had it been to anyone but her.

&nbsp;

The scarf tightens around your neck, and you raise your
head in  

surprise, suddenly struggling to get your breath. It
pulls harder with  

each violent lunge, choking you, causing you to gasp for
each precious  

ration of air.

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you love me, Pussy? Do you love me 
now?&quot;

&nbsp;

Her words are laced with sarcasm, almost vicious.
 

&nbsp;

She pulls harder still, enough to keep your head back,
your neck  

strained to the limit. You're crying, never more unsure
of yourself,  

never more terrified, never more excited. She sees your
tears and bends  

over you, the nipples of her breasts now pressed into
your back, her  

free hand moving down your belly, finally making its way
between your  

legs. Even though impaled on the full length of the heavy
phallus, you  

breathe easier as you feel the welcome slack in the
scarf. She finds  

your clit and takes it between her fingers, milking it
slowly, careful  

to make you wait.

&nbsp;

&quot;How much do you love me, Pussy? What would you
sacrifice to be with  

me?&quot;

&nbsp;

Her voice becomes more threatening, the words uttered
between clenched  

teeth as she tightens the scarf once again, choking you,
keeping you  

from answering even if you had the answer she wanted.

&nbsp;

&quot;I want everything, Pussy. Everything you have,
everything you are, and  

everything you will ever be. Give me all that, Pussy.
Give it to me.  

Give it to me now. Give it to me now! Give it to me! Now!
Now! Now,  

Pussy! Now!&quot;

&nbsp;

She's shrieking at you, pulling the scarf tightly enough
to stop you  

from taking even the smallest breath. Pressing the rubber
cock deep  

into your bowels, she works your clit furiously between
her slim  

fingers. You slide over the edge, feeling your body twist
into violent  

spasms. Your cunt gushes, and you give up everything as a
tunnel of  

black closes in around you and swallows you whole.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�������� ���������������������������***

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

You wake in your own bed before the alarm sounds, legs
tangled in damp,  

wrinkled sheets.�
Stretching, then throwing bare legs over the side of  

the bed and yawning, as you do most mornings, you
remember almost  

nothing of your dreams.  

&nbsp;

The shower feels especially good this morning. You've
made it as hot as  

you can stand, and it brings your body to life. You
choose your face  

for the day - lipstick, mascara, all from a collection
that litters the  

counter top on each side of the sink. You choose
carefully. It's an  

important day. You'll pitch your project to the new
client, and  

everything has to be perfect. Then, after, a promotion,
another step up  

the corporate ladder, one you've worked so long and hard
for. You've  

put your work before relationships, and having a family
of your own.  

You never seemed to have the time. You know they call you
ruthless,  

driven, and words much worse. But who's laughing now?
You've made your  

plan, and unlike most, have had the brains and guts to
see it through.

&nbsp;

In the mirror, you try to see what your client will see.
The navy  

power-suit is the perfect choice, bought for the
occasion. The smart,  

tailored lines of the jacket and slacks show you off to
the best  

possible advantage - conservative enough to keep their
minds on  

business, yet showing enough curves to remind them that a
woman's  

hand has crafted a part of their future. Dark hair
cascades over your  

shoulders in thick, generous waves, cut and styled to perfection.
A  

few final touches of makeup and you're ready.

&nbsp;

You find yourself staring at your reflection, held there
in front of  

the mirror. Something nags at you, something not quite
right. You  

open the jacket and run your hands slowly over the pristine
white  

blouse. Your hands pause over the fullness of each
breast, then cup  

them gently, unconsciously, as your eyes stay fixed on
the mirror.  

The minutes that pass seem like seconds to you when you
button  

the jacket to leave.

&nbsp;

There's just time for a light breakfast and a quick
review of your  

notes, sorted between pages of legal documents, each with
the  

familiar signature in clean, round script. She'll be
there today, the  

uptown attorney with hair the color of fire, and wide,
emerald eyes.  

You decide that today's the day to make a casual gesture
of  

friendship, something you've put off far too long.
Perhaps you'll  

offer to buy her lunch, to celebrate the occasion. After
all, you'll  

be working closely together once your plan is a success.

&nbsp;

You drive the hour's drive to work buoyed with
confidence, as the  

project folder lies carelessly forgotten on the kitchen
table. You  

smile as your thoughts turn to her, a new friend perhaps,
and a  

valuable one at that. You'll start with small-talk, then
perhaps a  

light touch with just a hint of intimacy. Such a small
thing, really.  

Why hadn't you done it long ago?

&nbsp;

You think about how perfect your life is, and how you've
made the  

right decisions at every turn. And you marvel at how even
the most  

insignificant events, manipulated wisely and carefully to
your own  

advantage, have such power to change your life. Forever.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

















 
  Me
  2
  1
  2007-07-16T06:10:00Z
  2007-07-16T06:10:00Z
  1
  2907
  16575
  Home
  138
  38
  19444
  10.6830
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman"}








&nbsp;

������������������������������� &nbsp;True Love

&nbsp;

����������������������������&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
by

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Night Writer

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

����������������������������� &nbsp;&nbsp; II - The Fall

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;Tough crowd, huh?&quot;

&nbsp;

Your reflection in the mirror looks much the same as it
did  

earlier this morning. The suit, the hair - except now
eyes once full of  

confidence, even arrogance, are red and moist,
threatening to overflow  

with tears of sudden defeat and disappointment.

&nbsp;

Her hand touches you lightly, first on your shoulder,
then runs  

sympathetically down your arm, finally taking your hand
in a warm,  

comforting embrace. You turn to her, fighting with every
ounce of  

strength to prevent the first tear from rolling over your
cheek. But  

those eyes. Those crystal emeralds, sapping what little
strength you  

have from you, the small, perfect upturned nose - lips,
wide, red and  

begging to be kissed. You're shaking, a little at first,
then violently,  

and before you realize it, you're 
squeezing her hand, afraid she  

might let go, clinging to her like 
the last and only lifeline to your  

sanity.

&nbsp;

She sees your distress, pulls you close, and you give up
a single sob  

before your tears fall freely into soft strands of her
red hair. Her  

body is lean and hard against you, but somehow soft at
the same time,  

melting, shifting, accommodating 
every contour of your flesh with her  

own.

&nbsp;

You blame yourself, hate yourself, for your carelessness.
She had tried  

her best to cover for you, but without your notes, your
plan of so many  

weeks of tireless labor, they were less than impressed
with your  

competence, not convinced you were the person with whom
to entrust  

their future. The disappointment on their faces had
shaken you further.  

Had they seen the single tear form, embryonic, hinting at
your defeat?

&nbsp;

&quot;Let�s go, Blair. I know just what you need.&quot;

&nbsp;

You follow her as she takes you in tow, hating yourself
for your  

display of weakness, but unable to shake the welcome
comfort of her  

touch.

&nbsp;

It's 3:00 in
the afternoon. You haven't left the building before 7:00  

PM in months. She takes you to a quiet bar and you both
 

sip your first Manhattans without a word.� Later - you can't remember  

when - it's margaritas, the tequila tasting at first like
fire and  

cactus, then later like the perfect way to drown your
life.

&nbsp;

In a few hours your head is swimming, your senses reeling
with equal  

parts of anger, shame, and desire for your newfound
friend. The soft  

touch of her hand on yours, at first so comforting, now
makes your  

pulse race and your breath come faster and deeper. When
she suggests  

both of you find a quieter place to talk, you're beyond
refusing.

&nbsp;

She leads you through the gleaming glass and chrome
revolving door  

of the hotel, just a few blocks away. The tall,
well-dressed woman  

at the front desk smiles warmly as Erin
passes her her credit card.  

Beside her, a man much too thin and business-like scowls
at both  

of you, but you couldn't care less. You move closer to
Erin, your  

breast pressing into her shoulder, and give him a drunken,
lusty  

smile.

&nbsp;

The room is on the ninth floor. She takes you by the hand
again and  

pulls you inside. The spacious suite overlooks 
Lexington
  Avenue  

and the jagged skyline beyond. The far wall, a wide
stretch of  

glass, fills the room with light. The 
sun is low in the sky, retreating  

now behind the city skyline. Wispy 
curtains and downy bedspread,  

only minutes ago as white as her 
silky skin, glow with the color of  

a fresh peach from the sun's last 
rays.

&nbsp;

Her grip tightens, and she pivots suddenly to face you,
so close,  

so beautiful.

&nbsp;

&quot;Do you want me, Blair? You can have me if you want.
You don't  

even have to ask.&quot;

&nbsp;

The words are strangely familiar, almost disturbingly
so. Her  

lips almost touch yours, begging, pleading, silently, to
be kissed.

But there's something else in her sparkling eyes.
Something daring,

even dangerous.  

&nbsp;

She guides you to the wall of glass, only the width of a
city street

from the facing buildings. The windows form a
checkerboard of activity  

- a beehive of ambitious workers, each staying late to
better their

position, to gain the upper hand over their peers, if only
by the  

slightest edge. The sun drops suddenly below the horizon,

plunging the city into darkness, the array of lighted
windows now  

just as suddenly a collection of luminous vignettes, each
featuring  

a single, driven figure lost in the obsession to succeed.

&nbsp;

She turns you, pushing you closer to the window, her body
warm but  

forceful behind you. Her arms close around you from behind,
her hands

now cupping your breasts softly, her lips finding your
ear through a  

wall of thick, dark hair.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is that really what you want? Look at them, Blair.
Dead from the  

neck up - all of them. So alone - lives so empty they
can't even see

it yet. They never will, until it's too late. You deserve
more, Blair.

I can show you, if you'll let me. If you must be a slave,
be a slave  

to your own passion, not to tedious, empty routine.&quot;

&nbsp;

You feel her hands undo the buttons down the front of
your blouse,

then the soft fabric of your skirt slide over your hips
and thighs.  

You want what she promises more than anything. You want
the pain to

go away. You want to love, and even more to be loved, for
the first

time in your life.

&nbsp;

You let her strip you, so welcome to be free of the
clothes that  

still cling to you, reminding you of the worst day of
your life.  

Only the black thigh-high stockings remain. They looked
so proper  

beneath your expensive suit, the lace borders hidden
away, clinging to  

your luscious thighs, concealed from the sight of others.
A chill  

runs through you as you see your reflection in the
window. Now you  

look like a common whore, the dark nylon and lace a
brazen mockery  

of your reputation and accomplishments.
 

&nbsp;

Suddenly you're pressed against the wall of glass, the
weight of  

her slim body forced against you from behind. The glass
is cool  

and smooth on your breasts, now flattened against the
transparent

surface. You gasp when her fingers trail between your
legs, spread

the lips of your sex, and slowly trace the wet length of
your cunt.

&nbsp;

&quot;Tell me you want me, Blair. I need to hear you say
it.&quot;

&nbsp;

You can only manage a whimper as she works her finger
inside you.

Then, stroking your pussy, gliding through the slick
juices that  

now flow uncontrollably from you, she presses firmly
along  

the length of your clit, cradling it between her fingers, 
kneading



the swollen cord of pleasure until 
you release a loud moan.

&nbsp;

When she stops, you find the strength to tell her.

&nbsp;

&quot;I want you. Please. Please, Erin.
I want you.&quot;  

&nbsp;

&quot;Look at them,&quot; she orders.
 

&nbsp;

Across the street, anonymous faces peer through the
glowing windows,

all fixed on you, now naked against the glass, lost in a lust
so consuming  

this frozen moment is all that matters. You shiver with
unexpected  

excitement. You feel a brief surge of power over them, a
sense of  

discovering a freedom they will never know. And then the
sense of power  

dissolves in an instant.

&nbsp;

&quot;You like this.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her voice was suddenly filled with venom.

&nbsp;

&quot;You really do. Exposing yourself in public. It's
such a cheap form of  

vanity, Blair. I thought you had more class.&quot;

&nbsp;

She withdraws her hand from between your legs, leaving
you empty and  

aching for her. You push away from the glass and turn
toward her, your  

face an embarrassing mix of confusion and lust.

&nbsp;

&quot;But - I thought you... &quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Get dressed Blair,&quot; she interrupts with
disgust.

&nbsp;

She strips off her blouse and tosses it to you. You catch
it in mid-

air, by reflex. You're still crumbling inside. Her skirt
comes at you  

next, then her panties. You stand there holding the ball
of clothing,  

now more uncertain than ever about what she wants from
you.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, put them on!&quot; she orders impatiently.
She retrieves your clothes  

from the floor and begins to step into them, running the
silk of your  

blouse between her fingers, smoothing the skirt over the
front of her  

thighs. You're a head taller than she, and a dress size
larger. Her  

tight little body swims in your clothes, but with her
jacket over them,  

she looks almost stylish.

&nbsp;

You try your best to squeeze into her bra, but it's
ridiculously  

futile. She rolls her eyes and shakes her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;It'll never fit, Blair. Leave it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her blouse fits you like a corset, with open gaps between
each button.  

Her skirt fits at the waist, but only covers you to
mid-thigh, stopping  

just short of the lace at the tops of your stockings. The
crotch of her  

panties collapses and disappears between your cuntlips,
drawn tightly  

into the wetness there. They were made for her narrow
boyish hips, not  

the voluptuous flair of a woman's pelvis and round, firm
ass. At least  

you have your jacket to cover you, you think to yourself.
But she's  

already found it, and folds it under her arm.

&nbsp;

She eyes you and smiles.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let's go.&quot;

&nbsp;

You follow her out the door, glancing back over your
shoulder with  

regret and a simmering heat that refuses to die, back at
the large  

bed, still as pristine and empty as when you arrived. A
young couple  

passes you on your way to the elevator. Their laughter
echoes in the  

hallway behind you. The top button of your blouse pops
open, and when  

you try to fasten it, the second opens as well. Erin
rolls her eyes  

again.

&nbsp;

&quot;Leave it open. You might as well show them off.
Isn't that what you  

want?&quot;

&nbsp;

Her voice still rings with sarcasm. 
&quot;Cow,&quot; she
mutters under her breath,  

but still loud enough for you to hear.

&nbsp;

Tears form at the corners of your eyes for the second
time today. You  

follow her into the elevator, again determined not to
cry. It's crowded

with businessmen - each one a success story in his black
suit and  

briefcase. You feel them staring. The tiny blouse forces
your tits up  

and out, until they spill over the top of the third
straining button,  

two bare mounds of flesh swelling obscenely with each
breath, now fully  

exposed to just above your engorged nipples. Someone
presses tightly  

against you from behind. You can feel his immense
erection warm the  

small of your back. The ride down nine floors seems to
take an hour.

&nbsp;

When the elevator door opens, you step out into a
bustling lobby. Erin  

waits until the elevator empties, leaving you on your own
as the men  

push by you, leering at the hooker who looks so lost.
Well-dressed  

couples enter and leave the dining room, stopping in the
cavernous  

lobby to chat. The men steal leering glances at you; the
women stare in  

disgust, or snicker and look away quickly. You burn with
embarrassment,  

so out of place. How has it come to this, so quickly, so
easily?

&nbsp;

Across the room, behind the long granite counter, the
same thin-lipped,  

wiry man scowls, then reaches for the phone. You
recognize the tall  

blonde woman that approaches him from behind. She places
her hand on  

his and returns the phone to its cradle. Then, with a
look that could  

kill, waves him away like some annoying insect.

&nbsp;

You've decided to run for the exit when Erin
finds you.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wait for me in the ladies room,&quot; she whispers
as she passes. She  

doesn't even look at you.

&nbsp;

You don't know why, but you do as she says, without a
pause, without  

thinking at all. Once inside, you hide in a stall to
escape the other  

women's black looks and crude remarks. But you can still
hear them. You  

sit, and cry openly, something you've needed all day.
Suddenly the  

third button of Erin's blouse
gives way and your breasts fall from the  

opening, bouncing and quivering as you whimper into your
hands. Why are  

your nipples so hard?

&nbsp;

Then you hear her voice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Blair? Are you in here?&quot;

&nbsp;

You unlock the stall door to go to her, to have her take
you in her  

arms, to hear that all this is a game or some kind of
test, and that  

you've done well, passed with flying colors.

&nbsp;

The blonde from the front desk is standing beside
her.� They both smile  

at you as you creep from your hiding place. You hadn't
noticed how tall  

she was. She looks down at you with a perfect face, as
though each  

chiseled feature was precisely cut and formed to a
standard higher than  

you thought possible. Sleek, golden hair falls to her
jaw-line,  

following it with razor precision from front to back. Her
broad  

shoulders taper to a long, thin waist. 
Her breasts are full
and round,  

placed high up on her torso, and her calves 
are slim and firm, showing  

hard, defined muscle as she shifts 
from one foot to the other on the  

six-inch heels.

&nbsp;

You stop six feet in front of them, your face still wet
with tears.

&nbsp;

&quot;Blair, this is Bridget.&quot;

&nbsp;

You just stare. You're so small, so inferior, as she
looks you over.

&nbsp;

The blonde takes three bold steps toward you and takes
your face in her  

hands.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is she housebroken?&quot; she asks.

&nbsp;

You hear Erin answer from across
the room, but the blonde forces you to  

look straight into her piercing blue eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's a baby,&quot; Erin
answers. &quot;What do you expect?&quot;

&nbsp;

The blonde lowers her hands to your neck, then to your
shoulders,  

probing and kneading your flesh through your clothes. Her
look is one  

of sober appraisal, as though you're nothing more than
what you appear  

to be, meat for the taking. She puts a hand under each
breast, lifting  

and weighing them, then closes her long fingers around
them to test  

their firmness and volume.

&nbsp;

&quot;These have promise,&quot; she comments to Erin.
&quot;Will you pierce her?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;In time - when she begs for it.&quot;

&nbsp;

She takes your nipples between her fingers and pulls,
lifting the full  

weight of your heavy tits until they're 
drawn upward
as far as they  

will stretch. You hiss when she squeezes harder as she
tries to keep  

them from slipping through her fingers. Her full red lips
curve into a  

wide smile.

&nbsp;

&quot;She likes this. Maybe too much.&quot;

&nbsp;

You cry out from the pain.  

&nbsp;

&quot;Owwww - pleease, you're hurting me! I don't like
it, I don't!&quot;

&nbsp;

The blonde looks surprised, but pulls even harder,
stretching your  

burning nipples until you fear she might tear them off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Can't you keep her quiet?&quot; she asks Erin,
still watching you squirm.

&nbsp;

&quot;I told you she's a baby,&quot; Erin answers
absently, as she leans close to  

a nearby mirror to inspect her makeup.
 

&nbsp;

She lets go suddenly, allowing your breasts to fall and
bounce. Your  

nipples burn like fire. Her hands continue down over your
belly, a  

finger trailing into the gap between the buttons now and
then to tease  

you, then, over your hips, closing her hands around every
curve of  

flesh and bone. Her perfect nails 
travel slowly over the outsides of your  

thighs, the thin layer of Erin's 
brief skirt a maddening barrier between her  

exploring fingers and your bare skin. 
Once under the tiny skirt, she plays  

with the lace on your thigh-highs, 
running a finger around the border.  

Then, slipping inside, she traces lightly along 
the smooth skin of your  

inner thigh. Your body tenses, and you gasp when she arrives at your  

throbbing cuntlips. You feel her 
finger worm into you, then another, and  

another, sliding so easily up inside 
your slippery hole. She takes your  

nipple in her free hand and twists it 
hard, so hard you cry out in pain.  

But your pussy flows like an erupting volcano, out of control.

&nbsp;

&quot;She came to you like this?&quot; the tall blonde asks
Erin.

&nbsp;

Erin still faces the mirror, now
touching up the pale pink lipstick on  

her upper lip. She never looks at you when she finally
answers.

&nbsp;

&quot;I wish I could take credit. She's a natural,
from what I can tell.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmmm - maybe...,&quot; Bridget answers. She takes a
step back, still boring  

into you with those ice-blue eyes. &quot;Play with
yourself.&quot; She's not  

asking - every word is a command. Another chill runs over
you.

&nbsp;

Before you can refuse, Erin turns
and gives you that look, the one that  

says, 'Do this, if you know what's good for you.' You've
lost everything  

today - losing the only thing left, 
the one thing you desire most, is not  

an option.

&nbsp;

You pull the skirt up and touch yourself, then run your
finger slowly  

over the slick knob of flesh pouting from between your
sopping cunt.  

Bridget returns to Erin's side,
both of them watching intently as you  

close your eyes, imagining Erin's
sweet tongue between your legs.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's a bit common, Erin.
Your tastes are usually more exotic.&quot;

&nbsp;

You try to tune them out. You're not common. You're not.
You're not.

&nbsp;

&quot;True, but you know how I like a challenge. Besides,
she's just so  

damned eager to please. She just might do - well -
anything, if you  

know what I mean.&quot;

&nbsp;

They talk about you as though you're not even there.
Don't listen.  

Don't. A challenge? What does she mean,
&quot;anything&quot;? Concentrate. For  

Erin.

&nbsp;

Bridget's eyes brighten. Her smile grows with sadistic
implications.

&nbsp;

&quot;You don't mean... &quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You remember,&quot; Erin
answers with a satisfied grin.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ohhh, this could be good - very good. Do you really
think she's the  

one?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Watch,&quot; Erin answers.
&quot;You know what to look for - if she ever manages  

to jerk herself off.&quot;

&nbsp;

Don't listen. Think of sweet Erin.
Naked. Her breasts against yours,  

her slim, hard thigh between your legs. Kissing you, so
deeply, so  

savagely. Telling you in ragged breaths that she wants
you - only you.  

She loves you...loves you...loves...

&nbsp;

&quot;Ooooohhhhhhhhh. Gooooddddddddd.
Mmmmmmmmmooohhhhh.&quot;  

&nbsp;

You can hear the sounds you make echo off the gleaming
tile walls as  

you cum long and hard, twitching and moaning, consumed by
the duration  

and intensity of your release. But in the midst of it,
despite the power of  

its delicious grasp, you open your 
eyes and look at them. You look at  

them watching you hump your hand, 
hips thrusting, smooth thighs now  

convulsing into spasms of hard 
muscle, flushed breasts crowned with  

burning, engorged nipples thrust shamelessly forward. You
watch them  

watching you until it's over.

&nbsp;

They turn to each other and exchange knowing, satisfied
smiles. And as  

you pant before them in you makeshift hooker clothes,
they embrace,  

each taking the other's tongue deeply into the warmth of
her mouth,  

Erin's slim figure stretched
against the blonde's perfect body.  

&nbsp;

And as the sweat drips from your heaving breasts, you
wonder what  

you've done, what they knew to look for, and whether Erin
would be  

pleased with you. When their embrace ends, the blonde
looks at you and  

smiles, then turns with a final flourish, pivoting on
those perfect  

legs, and exits. How can you be so completely filled with
jealousy,  

lust, confusion, and shame, all at the same moment? You
truly are a  

child compared to these two women, a rather common child, freshly  

delivered into this newfound adult world.
 

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't pout, Blair. She's just a friend - a very old
and dear one.  

Besides, I think she likes you, very much.&quot;

&nbsp;

She closes the distance between you 
with an easy, casual gate. Her  

wide green eyes are all you see until she takes you in her
arms. She  

nibbles, then licks and sucks lightly, her full lips
leaving your neck  

slick and cool. You feel her move lower. When she
inhales, she fills  

her mouth with both nipple and meat of your jutting
breast. You bury  

your fingers in her hair, pulling her face against you,
giving up  

everything you ever were, so easily defeated, offering
her as much as  

she wants, and more.

&nbsp;













 
  Me
  2
  1
  2007-07-26T04:42:00Z
  2007-07-26T04:42:00Z
  1
  2345
  13367
  Home
  111
  31
  15681
  10.6830
 

 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman"}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;True Love

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Night Writer

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; III - The Dancer

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Erin dresses you an hour before the 
party, encasing you in a fiery red  

sheath that clings to you like a 
second skin. She puts your hair up in  

a dark swirl of elegance, stopping to 
plant a lingering kiss on your long  

neck as she works. You warm inside, 
feeling her hands on you, thinking  

about the evening ahead.

&nbsp;

You'll meet her friends tonight, all the flawless
creatures she  

surrounds herself with, men and women of wealth and
society, brought  

together for you and you alone, on your birthday.

&nbsp;

She leads you from couple to couple as the guests arrive,
and you're  

dizzy with pride as they accept you so warmly. You belong
to her - they  

must know it, by the way she holds your hand, by the way
her eyes light  

up when she tells them about you. They all smile at you,
and you see  

the knowing glances they exchange when Erin says your
name. &quot;Blair&quot;.  

You adore the sound of it as it almost slithers from her
lips.

&nbsp;

You drink her champagne from each tall, slim glass she
brings you -  

three, four, five, until you lose count. When the volume
and rhythm of  

the music increases, you find it easy to accept offers to
dance from  

any number of willing men, young and old alike. But once
in their arms,  

you feel their hands on your body in places and ways that
shock you.  

But you let them. They're rich and refined, and, well,
you're just  

Blair.

&nbsp;

Soon Erin approaches you and whispers in your ear.
&quot;Come on Blair! You  

dance like you have a stick up your ass! Let them see how
you can shake  

that body!&quot;

&nbsp;

So you dance faster, shaking your bare shoulders, moving
your hips to  

the thumping beat. You can feel your breasts sway lewdly,
your nipples  

hardened as they rub roughly against the flimsy wisp of a
bra that  

barely contains them. The man you're dancing with smiles
 

appreciatively, then steps back to watch. You dance
faster, thrusting  

your hips, holding your arms 
overhead, letting them feast their eyes on  

you, as Erin wishes.

&nbsp;

Erin steps from the crowd that has gathered around you,
walks up to you  

wearing a dazzling smile, and whispers to you again,
briefly. &quot;Strip  

for me, Blair. Get out of that dress. We all want to see
you.&quot; You  

freeze for a second and look into her eyes. You can see
she's serious.  

The alcohol dissolves any remaining inhibition, the only
thread between  

a sense of decency and your devotion to her. You have to
do it. For  

her. For your sweet Erin.

&nbsp;

So you do. You unzip the dress, wiggle out of it, let it
fall to the  

carpet, and begin to dance again. Now you're not the
Birthday Girl, the  

guest of honor - you're entertainment. Only seconds ago
you thought  

they liked you. Now you're little more than a cheap
stripper to them. A  

piece of meat. But you're Erin's meat. And you'll do
anything to stay  

that way.

&nbsp;

You thrust your hips harder, shaking your shoulders until
your  

breasts strain violently at the transparent red bra.
You'll give them  

what they want, if it makes Erin happy. You'll give them
what they  

want, and more. You can see them smiling, the men wanting
you,  

the women envious of your writhing body. And in the midst
of them,  

you see Erin and Bridget side-by-side, holding hands,
smiling at you  

like hungry predators, waiting to be 
fed.

&nbsp;

After a while, she gives you a sign through the crowd.
You know you  

have no choice. You'll do anything to try to please her.
You reach  

around, open the back of the bra, and 
shrug it from your shoulders,  

making sure your movements are as 
wild as before, your meaty tits  

bouncing and jiggling as you dance. 
The men cheer and whistle. The  

women laugh hysterically. But you have to keep dancing, faster,
faster.

&nbsp;

Erin gives you a second discreet sign, unseen by all but
you. She  

points to your lacey red panties. Even through the thick,
alcoholic  

fog, you're startled for a second, slowing your dance,
your abandon  

throttled by a sliver of remaining modesty. It's not just
your sex  

they'll see, it's how willing you are to give up
everything you are for  

her. They'll see how wet you are between your legs, how
swollen and  

throbbing your pussy has become as you dance for them.
They'll know.  

They'll know what you really are.

��������������������������������������� 

You slide the scrap of red lace over your hips. Burning
with  

embarrassment as your eyes stay glued to the floor below,
you inch your  

hands lower, slowly, so slowly you appear to tease them
with your  

hesitancy. When the air falls coolly against the wet
folds of your sex,  

you know you've given yourself up to them. All that's
left is to slide  

the lace quickly over your thighs, let it drop to the
floor, and resume  

your dance of shame.  

&nbsp;

This time there's a short hush as her guests stare at
your shaved  

pussy, now so swollen and wet from Erin's long sexy stare
that your  

labia and clit are thrust out in front of you. The
sensitive little  

wings of flesh and swollen cord between them boast a
blush of bright  

pink, pouting obscenely as your juices drip for Erin.
 

&nbsp;

You can see that the men are erect, their cocks hard and
throbbing  

after just seconds of watching you. A few of the women
have put down  

their drinks. Running the tips of 
their fingers lightly over their lips, their  

hands unashamedly caress hard nipples 
that show through their  

expensive clothes. But only a few. 
Most of the women are snickering  

and pointing, at your tits, at your 
naked, sopping cunt. But you keep  

dancing, harder, faster. Erin would 
have it no other way. You're so tired  

now you start to stumble as you try 
to stay on your feet. You fall, not  

once, but three times, before the 
laughter becomes so loud Erin has you  

stop before the neighbors complain.

&nbsp;

Just before she joins her guests for dinner, she kneels
and whispers to  

you quietly. When she leads you to her bedroom, your
heart almost  

bursts with joy. As she works her fingers through your
hair, you close  

your eyes, drinking in her loving touch. Minutes later
you open your  

eyes as Erin guides you toward a full-length mirror
beside her bed.  

She's gathered cascades of raven hair into two ponytails,
each  

sprouting from the top of your head, now hanging in wavy
cords at each  

side of your face. She takes a pink rhinestone-studded
dog collar from  

her purse and fastens it about your neck. The tag says,
&quot;Erin's Bitch&quot;.  

You stare into the mirror as she looks on approvingly.
Below your  

collared throat, you're a succulent, ripe woman, your
body screaming  

for Erin, your satiny skin glowing with a desperate need
for her touch,  

your belly on fire with a relentless burning to be her
favorite  

plaything. Above the collar, you see something else
altogether. A face  

once classic and proud, with wide mouth, perfect
cheekbones, and  

confident brown eyes, is now a ridiculous caricature of
your former  

self. The arrogant smirk that had taken years to refine
is now a mere  

helpless stare, the empty, frightened look of a toy
poodle. But you're  

Erin's toy. What would have been a small consolation only
a week ago is  

everything to you now. Everything.
 

&nbsp;

She leads you to the entrance of the dining room, within
plain sight of  

her guests, now seated anxiously along both sides of the
long, black  

table. The first course has been served, and the rich
aroma makes your  

mouth water. They all stop to look at you, savoring both
the flavor of  

the thick, white chowder, and the sight of Erin's new
pet, so naked and  

willing. Your reflection in the glassy tabletop makes you
shiver.

&nbsp;

You get on your hands and knees and wait, just as she
tells you, the  

collar stiff and irritating around your neck, the little
metal tag  

jingling each time you move. You can see them in the next
room, all  

seated around the long table. You can smell the delicious
food. Erin  

brings cans of cat food to your trailer - smelly, fishy
paste that you  

took so long to get used to. The warm, irresistible odor
of sizzling  

steaks and fresh vegetables makes you drool, just a bit,
from the left  

corner of your quivering mouth.

&nbsp;

Thirty minutes pass, then forty. Finally, she looks over
at you,  

smiles, and nods. You do exactly as you were told.
Crawling on all  

fours, you approach the table beside her chair,�your whorish red mouth  

open wide, waiting for her to drop the remaining table
scraps from a  

foot above you. You slurp and drool as you do your best
to catch  

every delectable bite. After that, the others offer you
bits of  

leftovers, holding them high in the air so you'll beg, up
on your  

haunches, naked tits covered with small bits of juicy
food�your mouth  

fails to catch. Everyone's laughing, but everyone wants a
turn, and  

they get their way at Erin's parties.

&nbsp;

After, the walls seem to breathe a quiet, earthy jazz
that sets the  

mood as her guests mingle and chat. She leads you by a
thin, leather  

leash from one small gathering to another, your cheeks
burning, your  

shiny metal name tag glittering at the front of your
throat. They talk  

about you like you're not even there. A distinguished man
with salt-

and-pepper hair runs the palm of his hand over your
breasts, belly, and  

thighs as Erin proudly encourages him. A skinny,
flat-chested blonde in  

a chic halter dress takes your breast in her hand and
lifts it, gently  

squeezing and weighing it. Erin laughs and shakes her
head. &quot;They're  

real,&quot; she assures her. The blonde's bright blue
eyes widen as she wets  

her lips and stares, her tiny hard nipples straining at
the gossamer  

fabric of her dress. A young boy, no more than eighteen,
hugs Erin  

warmly and thanks her for inviting him. His skin is a
golden brown, and  

his shoulder-length sun-bleached hair frames a wide grin
of youthful  

arrogance. You glance at his muscular, bronzed chest
through the open  

front of his shirt and blush shamefully when you imagine
him naked. He  

spends a few seconds pulling your nipples until they're
fiery and  

rigid, then puts two fingers inside you and watches with
amusement as  

you squirm. &quot;I'll never understand your taste in
women,&quot; he tells Erin,  

dismissing you as just another party favor as he eyes a
young hardbody  

half your age, then wanders off to meet her.

&nbsp;

An hour passes, and everyone has their fun with you,
leering, pawing,  

with no regard for your thoughts or feelings. They treat
you just as  

they would Erin's house pet, a dumb animal, unable to
understand or  

respond to their graphic verbal comments and amused
fondling, other  

than to show your appreciation by spreading your legs and
offering them  

your sex, much like a dog might when its belly's rubbed.
You cringe  

when you think back at what you were only a week ago, and
what you've  

become, so easily, in such a short time. But why don't
you care? Why  

does it feel so good, so right? Your head hurts when you
try to sort it  

out. Erin wants her guests entertained, and pleasing her
is everything  

to you now. You're her total slut. Her total slave. Her
fuck-meat.  

They're your words, but they have you dripping wet.

&nbsp;

At her insistence, you go to the bed and lie on it,
spread-eagled and  

naked, except for your collar. A tear rolls down your
cheek. Then they  

come to you, one by one, until the bed is surrounded, a
wall of  

beautiful people in beautiful clothes, wealthy,
successful people, so  

far above you, so much better than you, staring down at
you as though  

they were watching a dirty movie, a dirty whore, bought
for an  

evening's fun.

&nbsp;

Erin slides a finger inside your collar and gives it a
slight tug. It's  

your cue. You know what she expects of you. Bridget
appears at the side  

of the bed, the first to have you, while you're fresh and
willing. She  

straddles you, wearing only a sky-blue silk blouse that
clings to her  

perfect breasts and urgent nipples. You look up into her
icy-blue eyes,  

seeing that she's what Erin becomes in those moments when
the one you  

love becomes what you least expect - cool, calculating,
and gluttonous  

for your pain.  

&nbsp;

She lowers her steaming pussy over your face, and you
open her with  

your tongue, letting her juices fill your hungry mouth.
You bury your  

face in soft, golden strands of hair, their caress an irresistible



invitation to cover the length of her clit with your
tongue in a  

rhythmic massage that has her panting. Her thighs tighten
against you,  

and you stroke them lovingly from knee to hip. They're
long and lean,  

but so very hard beneath the velvety skin - a dancer's
legs, you think  

to yourself. But she's not a ballerina, not some anorexic
woman-child  

on tip-toe. Her body's panther-like - strong, agile, and
powerful.  

Not like yours. Not a dancer like you at all.
 

&nbsp;

You feel her thighs tighten, and soon struggle to find a
moment to  

breathe. She's grinding against your mouth, the pumping
mound of her  

sex driving your head deeply into the mattress, her wet
cuntlips  

sucking life's breath from you. You lash at her with your
tongue,  

frantic to finish her before she smothers you. The sounds
of the people  

around you begin to fade as you use everything you know
on her,  

everything that makes you cum quickly, like a wanton
whore. Your legs  

thrash about wildly, the seldom used muscles beneath your
soft thighs  

standing out in tight bands as your hips rise off the bed
in a futile  

attempt at escape.  

&nbsp;

Those around you watch your body twist and heave, your
head and  

shoulders pinned under Bridget's athletic torso and hips,
your hands  

clutching her strong thighs, fingers digging into her
unrelenting  

flesh. They see what you can't. Her eyes drift closed,
her broad  

shoulders shudder briefly, and with a wide, satisfied
smile she beckons  

the oncoming orgasm, then lets it wash over her. She
rides your mouth  

with shocking viciousness, her eyes closed, her face
turned upward,  

her cruel smile never fading.  

&nbsp;

When she's finished with you, you're alone again so
quickly, limp and  

trembling on the large bed. But they're all still standing
over you,  

watching your twitching belly and the obscene way your
tits seem to  

double in size as you inhale deeply, catching your
breath. Your head  

swims with confusion as you hyperventilate.
 

&nbsp;

When the large man works his way between your legs and
sticks his cock  

in you, you close your eyes and play your part. They all
think you're  

so easy, but Erin's in your thoughts and heart. Your
pussy flows for  

her - no one else.  

&nbsp;

They all have you, one after another, the men like
rutting beasts, the  

women less predictable, sometimes sensual, sometimes
cruel. Erin stays  

by the bed, always so close you can reach out and touch
her. You see  

her smile, and go on, knowing you've pleased her. All
that remains is  

that you allow what your body seems to beg them for, and
that they give  

you what you ask.  

&nbsp;

When they leave, Erin takes you to her shower, then to
her bed. She's  

freed your hair and unravels the tangles with her
fingers, all the  

while planting soft, lingering kisses over your eyes and
lips. You  

service her without a thought for your own reward, your
mouth finding  

every fold and crevice of her slender body. Finally,
nursing between  

her legs, you drink the nectar that pours from her as she
convulses,  

then melts in your very hands.

&nbsp;

You sleep with your cheek against her inner thigh, your
hand on her  

belly, convinced beyond all doubt that you've made her
happy, that  

she's pleased with you. That she loves you.

&nbsp;

And in the morning, the lingering taste of her now hours
old on your  

lips and tongue, she dumps you back in your trailer,
ready to face a  

brand new day.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Me
  2
  1
  2007-07-28T21:38:00Z
  2007-07-28T21:38:00Z
  1
  2511
  14314
  Home
  119
  33
  16792
  10.6830
 

 
  Clean
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman"}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
True Love

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Night Writer

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; IV - The Trailer



&nbsp;

It's so hot inside your small, rusting trailer. The air
conditioner  

works for a while, but keeps
breaking down. Erin gives you a number to  

call, a handy-man, she calls
him. But it takes days for him to show up,  

and by then the trailer is an
oven every day by noon. When he
finally  

arrives, he ogles you as though
you are a juicy steak and he hasn't  

eaten in a week. But who could
blame him - you in your little-girl  

tube top, not even wide enough
to conceal the bottom curves of your  

meaty tits, soaked with sweat,
nipples showing through the transparent  

material as though you're
wearing nothing at all. And those tiny white  

stretch shorts Erin
bought you, covering only half of your ass-cheeks,  

and so narrow at the crotch that
your pussy-lips keep escaping on both  

sides. He's 
a large man, six foot six, two hundred eighty pounds of raw,  

shining, black muscle.

&nbsp;

Jerome. Jerome the giant. Your
stomach churns every time you see the  

huge bulge in his jeans. He
isn't too bright, but knows the game he's  

been hired to play all too well.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ms. Erin says you been eyein'
Jerome. Ms. Erin says you know how to  

thank a big strong man for helpin' out, for fixin' things,
y' know?&quot;

&nbsp;

You hate it when he paws you, when he pushes his huge
hands under the  

tube top and squeezes your tits
like he's testing two melons for  

ripeness. But you let him. You
let him every time. Because she wants  

you to. No, not wants, commands
it. You oooh and aaah as he
drags the  

shorts over your hips, then
worms two thick fingers inside you. You  

know how the game
ends - you on your knees, inhaling the tip of his


giant prick into your waiting mouth, 
sucking, your fingers gently caressing 

his balls until you feel his hot, 
thick cum coat your tongue and roll over 

the back of your throat like a slow, 
rancid river.

&nbsp;

The latch on the door is broken, and it hangs open, the
bright  

afternoon sun shining in on the
two of you like a circus spotlight. A  

small group of young boys gather
outside, pointing and laughing as they  

watch you on your knees, sucking
the cum out of the black giant. You  

cringe, 
knowing they'll go
home with stories, stories that will bring their  

redneck fathers and big brothers 
around for more of the same. But Erin  

didn't send them, and when you turn them away with disgust, 
they hate  

you for being the cock-tease that you 
are.

&nbsp;

Their wives hate you too. So many of 
them, all the same - joyless  

baby-factories, consumed with anger 
and despair, clinging to their bibles  

and best-laid plans for futures that 
never came. You're sure they're just 

jealous, bitter that they can't trade 
their sagging breasts and stretch 

marks for your perfect tits and 
hourglass figure. They call you slut and 

whore to your face. Glancing in the 
mirror reminds you why. The clothes 

Erin buys you would shame a hooker. 
It's almost worse than going naked.

So you stay inside the sweltering 
trailer during the day to avoid them, 

your body drenched with 
sweat, your skimpy clothing clinging to you like 

a second skin.

&nbsp;

Last week the woman from the trailer next to yours appeared
at your  

door. &quot;You 
have a phone call,&quot; she shouted, grinning as she led

you inside her own
air-conditioned doublewide. It was Erin. She hadn't let  

you have a phone of your own.
She said you would be a pest, calling her  

whenever you felt the need to
whine about one thing or another. Her  

voice made your pussy throb,
even over the phone. &quot;So, I see you've met  

Carla,&quot; she had said. &quot;I owe her a favor, so I
want you to be very nice  

to her, understand? I just know
that you and Carla will become very  

close friends. In fact, I expect
it. You do know what I mean, don't  

you, my pet?&quot; You knew
exactly what she meant.

&nbsp;

Carla stood grinning at you while you listened to Erin's
wishes. Broad-

shouldered and square-jawed, she
could have easily been mistaken for a  

man, except 
for her enormous breasts that jutted forward under the  

ragged t-shirt. From behind she could 
have been a dock-worker,  

 her ass so wide and heavy that
she lumbered when she walked. You  

became close friends alright.
She showed up at your door nearly every  

night from then on, eager to
clench your sweet face between her  

bloated, sweaty thighs, eager to
have you lap at her foul fuck-hole  

until she 
screamed so loudly the neighbors called the cops.

&nbsp;

But tonight she has other ideas. She shows up in black
leather pants  

and a leather top that pushes
her enormous breasts so high they nearly  

burst over 
the top of the low-cut vest. She fastens a thick dog collar  

around your neck, then attaches a long
leash. &quot;Lets take a walk,&quot; she  

says. &quot;I want 
to show off my little pussy-licker.&quot; You're wearing denim  

cut-offs, and a fishnet crop top
with nothing underneath, to try to stay  

cool. &quot;Lose the shorts,
honey,&quot; she demands. You do it, stripping down  

to the 
sweat-soaked black thong underneath.
She looks you over,  

stopping at your bare feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Put on some shoes. Let's see what you've got.&quot;

&nbsp;

She follows you to your tiny closet and rummages through
the jumble of  

shoes piled there.

&nbsp;

&quot;Perfect! These should work. Get them on and let's
go, before it gets  

dark.&quot;

&nbsp;

She picks the black heels, stilettos, six inches high, a
gift from Erin  

the night you danced for her
dinner guests. Carla loves the look, so  

much that she has you kneel and
eat her, right there in your crowded  

bedroom. She's sloppy-wet
tonight, especially excited by the way you so  

easily give in to her most
perverted whims. When she finally cums, she  

leaves your face dripping with
her juices, then leads you outside,  

pulling you roughly by the leash
each time you hesitate.

&nbsp;

It doesn't take long for the neighbors to gather, lining
the gravel  

paths that 
run between the rows of trailers, then on the paved road  

that runs in 
a circle through the shabby park. You strut along behind  

her, hips 
swaying, the muscles of your thighs and calves flexing atop the  

outrageously high heels. You've never 
been more ashamed, never more  

humiliated. Men whistle and make 
crude comments, their eyes running  

the length of your nearly naked body 
as you prance by. The night air  

feels cool on your bare ass cheeks, 
and your nipples stir and harden,  

poking through the tiny holes in the mesh top like pink,
rubbery buttons.  

Why? Why is your pussy so wet and your breathing so deep
and fast?

&nbsp;

A young boy, about seventeen, leans against the end of a
trailer, his  

shirt off, narrow waist and
washboard abs flirting with you as you  

pass. A young girl stands next
to him, leaning against his shoulder.  

Her long blonde hair falls past the middle of her back, a
minuscule  

bikini top failing to hide the
firm swell of her large round breasts.  

Her hand is at the front of his jeans, 
giving his erection teasing little  

squeezes as 
it grows larger by the second. When Carla sees her smile,  

she stops and leads you over to them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Like my pet?&quot; Carla asks, as she reels in the
leash, dragging you  

close beside her.

&nbsp;

The girl is fresh-faced and beautiful - slim, with long,
silky-smooth  

legs and a 
healthy tan.
She looks up at you with a wicked smile.  

You're a head taller, but she sucks 
every last vestige of pride and 

self-respect from you when her blue 
eyes meet yours. Her smirk 

makes you shiver, and you lose your 
balance, almost falling as the 

heel of your shoe sinks suddenly into 
the soft earth. You try your 

best to regain your composure, to 
find the once regal self-image, 

now slipping through your fingers, 
to, for at least a few seconds, 

reclaim the classic, statuesque 
siren, every bit as smug and superior 

as you once saw yourself. But she 
chases all that away in an instant -

with a single look. And you surrender 
all of what you were to this trailer 

park Lolita as you fidget at the end 
of your leash.

&nbsp;

Her boyfriend is more vocal.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'd fuck her,&quot; he says. &quot;How
much?&quot; He stares at you with small, beady  

eyes; his face is a spotty
patchwork of brown day-old stubble. You  

struggle to keep your eyes off
his cock.

&nbsp;

&quot;Looks like you're ready,&quot; Carla answers.
&quot;But she'd never take money.  

She likes it too much.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Cool. Lets go 'round
back,&quot; he suggests, flashing you a toothy grin.

&nbsp;

Carla drags you to a small plot of dirt behind the
trailer. The boy  

moves a narrow wooden bench from
beneath a rotting picnic table to the  

middle of the meager yard. The
girl, silent until now, circles you,  

licking her lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's so, so,  slutty.
Will she really do anything we want?&quot;

&nbsp;

Carla looks at you, expecting you to answer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well, bitch, answer the young lady. She's so
stupid, I have to remind  

her to answer sometimes.&quot;

&nbsp;

You swallow your pride, feel your cunt twitch, then
answer, &quot;Yes, I'll  

do anything - anything you
want.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Lets see her naked,&quot; says the girl, with
enough enthusiasm to make you  

blush with embarrassment.
&quot;Can I take her clothes off?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Like she said, anything you want,&quot; says Carla.

&nbsp;

But the boy is impatient. You can see he's more than
ready to fuck you.

&nbsp;

&quot;Aww, alright Raylene, but make it fast. I'm 'bout to cum in my
jeans!&quot;

&nbsp;

She takes her time anyway, pulling the top over your head
so slowly,  

stripping the tiny thong over
your hips, down your legs and over your  

heels. She stands back and takes
a long look at you, naked, in your  

high heels, in their brown-dirt
backyard. You're little more than a young  

girl's first Barbie doll, undressed 
by her on a last-minute whim. She  

disappears behind you. You feel her hand on your ass.

&nbsp;

&quot;Can I do this?&quot; she asks, grinning. She
pinches your butt cheek, hard,  

and you cry out in surprise.

&nbsp;

Carla steps closer to intervene. &quot;Thank the young
lady, Babs. Mind your  

manners.&quot;

&nbsp;

The girl bursts out laughing. &quot;Babs?
Her name is  Babs??? Well Babs,



what d'ya'
say?&quot;

&nbsp;

She's snickering, waiting for your answer. You hate her,
but your pussy  

is soaked.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank you, Raylene,&quot;
you mutter.

&nbsp;

She slaps your ass, then again, harder, then again and
again, until it's  

on fire and red with
finger-shaped welts. Again, her sarcastic little  

voice demands your response.

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank you, Raylene,&quot;
you manage, between clenched teeth.

&nbsp;

She reaches out and takes your nipple between her thumb
and finger,  

then pinches and twists it
cruelly. And she's grinning - still grinning  

- waiting for you to thank her again for torturing you,
for humiliating  

you. And again, you do. You
thank her, and your pussy flows for reasons  

you can't understand.

&nbsp;

&quot;C'mon Raylene!
Quit playin' with her and get her over here!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh, alright
Jimmy! Jeez, I
can't never have no fun...&quot;

&nbsp;

They take you to the wooden picnic bench, put you on your
back, and  

Carla winds the leash around it, lashing your neck
tightly against the  

rough wooden planks. The boy has
his pants off in no time and you feel  

his long, thin cock slide into
you quickly, easily - you're so wet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Damn, she's wetter than fresh-caught trout! Wet and
slimy - just the  

way I like 'em!&quot;
he hollers, as he plunges into your sopping cunt again  

and again.

&nbsp;

The girl straddles your face, facing him, and you see her
pussy move  

lower, closer, until the faint,
sweet smell of her reaches you, then  

settles on your parted lips. You
feel her weight press down onto your  

mouth,  golden 
downy pubic hair
tickling your chin. You don't have to be  

asked, or told. You taste her,
parting her pussy-lips slightly with the  

tip of your tongue. And she's
sweet - so sweet - her wetness spreading  

from deep inside over your
invading tongue. You penetrate farther, and  

then lick, slowly, deliberately,
along the length of her swelling slit,  

until you hear her moan.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh God, Jimmy, she's  doin'
it! She's  eat'n me - oh Christ she's good!  

Sooo good, Jimmy!&quot;

&nbsp;

They lean toward each other and kiss, sucking at each
other while using  

you like some perverse amusement
park ride, him plunging into your  

soaking hole, her grinding
against your mouth while your tongue makes  

her gasp and shudder. You can
only imagine what you must look like,  

naked, tied to the bench, a
willing pleasure-toy for two teenage kids.  

Is this what Erin wants you to be?
How could she? But you don't care  

anymore. Anything
for Erin. Anything.

&nbsp;

The girl cums first, grinding
faster and faster, the insides of her  

silky thighs clamped so tightly
against you that for a while you think  

you might suffocate. Her cunt
gushes into your open mouth, your tongue  

running wildly along the rigid
flesh of her sensitive young clit.

&nbsp;

But her boyfriend keeps pounding, pounding into your
gaping, wet slit.  

You fear he may fuck you for hours.

&nbsp;

&quot;C'mon Jimmy. Hurry up! Mom 
'll be home from work
soon. Give it to  

her! A big load - put a 
big load
of cum in her, Jimmy - I know you can  

- you can do it easy without a rubber - 
easy!&quot;

&nbsp;

You panic when the words sink in. It's been over a month
since your  

last birth control pill. Erin
doesn't give you enough money for such  

&quot;luxuries&quot;, as she
puts it. Why would she want you to take such a  

terrible risk? Why would she
want to have you filled, unprotected, with  

the potent semen of a teenage
boy? Could you go this far for her? Could  

you give her total and final
control of your life? You know the answer.  

You no longer have the will to choose.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's no use, Raylene.
She's just too big and sloppy inside - not like  

your tight little pussy. Damn
it! I give up! Help me out - jerk me off,  

baby. I  gotta
cum, or my balls are gonna explode!&quot;

&nbsp;

He pulls out of you, his young cock still rock hard and
glistening with  

your juices. Carla comes to the
rescue with an idea of her own.

&nbsp;

&quot;Turn her over, honey,&quot; she says to the boy,
with a shit-eating grin.  

&quot;Ever ass-fucked an older
woman?&quot;

&nbsp;

Jimmy brightens with the idea of finding a hole tight
enough to get him  

off.

&nbsp;

&quot;No ma'am. Never have. Raylene, 
she gets all pissy, says I'll be usin' my 

hand fer a long time if I even think 
about doin' her in the butt.&quot; 

&nbsp;

The girl rolls her eyes and thumps 
him hard on the arm. &quot;You can be a 

real jerk sometimes, Jimmy!&quot; He rubs 
his arm, glaring at his girlfriend, 

puzzled by her reaction. She puts her 
hands on her hips, exasperated 

by his cluelessness. &quot;Well, what are 
you waiting for? Fuck her in the ass! 

Better her than me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Carla loosens the leash holding you down against the
bench and orders  

you to turn over. &quot;Pull
your knees up - put your ass in the air where  

he can get at it, Babs. This boy needs some relief - now!&quot;

&nbsp;

You do what she says. Carla forces 
your cheek against the bench as you 

feel the tip of his cock push into 
you, then slide up into your bowels.  

You clench instinctively - once, 
twice, then the third time, he cums,  

grunting and groaning as Raylene
palms his balls. 
Inside, you're 


screaming, begging him to stop. When he does, he clings to 
you, 


clutching your hips tightly, buried so deeply inside you. 
You can feel 


each short spasm that racks his body, one, after another, 
after another, 


knowing each one is filling you with more of what seems 
like an endless 


supply of his semen. Your tears wet the surface of the 
rough wooden 


bench. 'A trash receptacle,' you think to yourself. 'I'm a 
trash receptacle 


for trailer trash.' The thought makes you shiver. But your 
cunt feels so 


wet and empty. If only Erin was there to put her mouth on 
you, to lick 


you there just once, to chase away all memory of your sacrifice.

&nbsp;

When they're finished with you, you scamper about the
dirt lot, find  

your clothes, and dress yourself
while Carla chats with the happy  

couple. They wave as Carla leads
you away with a quick jerk of your  

leash. &quot;Anytime,&quot; she
calls back at them. &quot;Babs just can't get
enough.&quot;

&nbsp;

It's dark when she brings you home. You're exhausted and
filthy. An  

unending 
trickle of cum runs from the crack of your ass down your bare 

legs, a grim 
reminder of how close you came to taking the young boy's 

sperm in your 
fertile belly. You wait impatiently for it to drain from you 

on the long walk back.

&nbsp;

It begins to spit rain just as you reach your trailer
door. It feels good  

on your skin, washing away
the dirt and semen that covers you from  

head to 
foot. Carla sees how much you enjoy the refreshing shower,  

and stops you before you pull the
broken door open to retreat inside.

&nbsp;

&quot;You like the rain, honey?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I-I guess so,&quot; you stammer, still dazed and
shaking.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well then, enjoy it, bitch. All
night.&quot;

&nbsp;

She ties the leash through a rusted hole in the 
door and heads for  

her trailer.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh, I forgot to tell you. Erin
will be here tomorrow morning at eight.  

She thought a night in the rain might 
be just the thing to clean you  

up. If you ask me,
there ain't enough rain in all creation to do that.&quot;

&nbsp;

You sit on your step and cry. The rain comes harder,
drenching you,  

almost tearing what's left of
your clothes from your body. The boy's  

cum continues to leak from
you, forming a small puddle between  

your legs 
where you sit. You try to think of Erin,
and of the time  

you'll get to spend with her soon.

&nbsp;

You doze off when the rain slows, until a hand shakes you
awake. You  

look up into the rain and
blackness to see a wet, hulking figure  

standing over you.

&nbsp;

&quot;Jerome need a woman
tonight. You be good to Jerome, right? You make  

Jerome feel good. Ms. Erin say so. Ms. Erin say you take care
of Jerome  

any time 
Jerome's dick need a pretty white woman.&quot;

&nbsp;

You can smell the liquor on his breath as he runs his
large hands over  

your shoulders, then down to
your breasts, easily ripping the flimsy  

top from your weary body. The
cum-soaked thong tears away like tissue  

paper in his strong hands.
You're on the ground before you can answer  

him, pressed into the mud by the
great mass of his body. You spread  

your legs for him and let him
enter you. He's so large, so thick, not  

like the boy. Not like the boy
at all. Your belly swells when he fills  

you - stroke, stroke, slow at
first, then faster. He's grunting, making  

loud, animal noises as he fucks
you into the soft mud. You look over to  

see faces, everywhere, peering
out of windows, through the rain,  

watching the whore rut on the
swampy ground with her black stud,  

listening in the night as he
fucks her senseless. The cheap whore in  

the rusty trailer. But they all
watch and listen, just the same.

&nbsp;

You stare into the night and cry, letting him fuck you,
giving him what  

he wants, what Erin
wants. You think of what you were, so long ago you  

can barely remember, and what
you've become. For Erin, always for Erin.  

And your tears, like the rain, fall in torrents, mixing
together in the  

mud around you as a mountain of
hard, black flesh closes in over you  

like the night, a night that
never ends.

&nbsp;






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Night Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





