BDSM Library - Chillet week in hell




Chillet week in hell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chillet has been forced into a life as a bondage slave to a ruthless, demanding master. She undergoes torment after torment while she is slowly broken in and trained








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  3
  2007-07-17T19:52:00Z
  2007-07-17T19:52:00Z
  3
  1738
  9908
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  82
  23
  11623
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  false
  false
  false
  false
  
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






chilee's
weekend in bondage

Your
weekend began like any other, tired and frustrated that your last day of work
did not go as planned. You had decided that you were going to relax with a nice
hot bath and go out for drinks later tonight. So you start walking to your car,
and just as you are about to get in, I grab you from behind, and cover your
mouth. You try to bite my hand, but all you get is some rough forcing into your
car. Hidden in my back pocket are a pair of cuffs, which I force on to your
wrists, before you have a chance to do anything, and a gag, which quickly
silences the last of your protests. I roughly push you into the drivers seat,
and force you to drive to my place.

Upon
arriving at my place, I make it look like nothing is wrong, but the only clue
is, you are made to walk at a brisk pace, and rather forcefully up the stairs.
As soon as we are both in my apartment and out of sight, I grab you, and strip
you naked. You try to run, but no avail as I am a lot faster and stronger than
you, and bear hug you, telling you to keep quiet, and let me tie you...but even
after initally giving in, you try to make a run for it, and as a consiquense, I
strap you down on a chair, and slap your ass till it's red, and your crying.
&quot;Do you understand, Chilee? When I say stay still, I mean it.&quot; To
drive the point home, I get a piece of wood nearby, and bring it across your
already red, painfull ass. You scream through your gag, and I see a look of
fear in your eyes, as you have no idea what I have planned for
you...&quot;Chille, now will you let me do as I wish?&quot;, all you can say
behind your gag is,&quot;Yeeeeephhh?&quot; in a teary, saddend voice. I then
lead you into my bedroom where I have set up everything I am going to use on
you tonight.� You look around and see the
following: latex leggings, latex garter belt, a latex bra, ballet heels, which
happen to be 1 size too small for your feet, a large buttplug, vib, clover
nipple clamps, and a large 2''ballgag, more than enough to stretch your small
mouth. Also are a ringgag, and a couple of whips and paddles. you shudder at
seeing the paddles, as you can still feel the pain from your ass. First thing I
do is have you bend over and insert your plug, without lube. I push hard and
twist to get it in, and as you cry in agony, it finally goes in. I tell you
that the vib will be easier to go in, but you find out, I thrust the vib up
your pussy, and reach in and playfully pull on your clit.� I then tie you spread eagle in my bed, face
up, and begin setting up a devious device to pull on your nipples. basicially,
I have a hook in the celing, and have rigged ice cubes to melt and release
tension, pulling on your nipples, and causing you to scream through your gag.

����������� &quot;Well, Chille, I dont think you
have learned anything from your last bondage, so I will teach you the meaning
of pain, and how it can be used as a tool to mold you into the slave that I
want you to become.&quot;, I explain. I undo most of your bondage, and roughly
pull you along, and tie off your legs and arms in a standing spread eagle...I
make sure your arms are pulled tight, and you are tiptoing on your 6'' heels to
begin with. &quot;Now, slut, you will feel what real pain is...&quot; as I grab
and twist your nipples hard. &quot;Owwwhh!&quot; you scream, and tears fall
down from your face again....&quot;Did I give you permission to say anything,
whore!&quot;, I demanded...You shake your head no, and feel a sudden, familar
pain from your ass, as I swat you hard w/ the paddle. Next I explain what is to
happen next, &quot;I am going to pierce your nipples, and attatch weights to
them. Every time you make a sound, I will add more, ok?&quot; I grab a rather
large barbeque fork, the kind for cooking steak, an turn on the gas stove in
the kitchen, and set the end in the flame....on your face is a look of fear,
and your whole body is trembling, as you are trying franticly to get yourself
free. Once the metal end is red hot, I bring it near your breasts, and you can
see and feel the heat from it. &quot;Ready, Slut?&quot;, and before you can
answer, I thrust the hot poker right through your nipple, and you scream your
loudest....after you finish crying from the pain, I do the other one....the
same result....your once pristine nipples are now scarred from the intense
heat, and to add insult to injury, I attatch nipple rings on you. I have made
my first mark on you. 

����������� But I wasnt done yet, I wanted to
keep your sex all to myself, but did not have a chastity belt to put on you, so
I decided I would lock your pussy from yourself and anyone else. while I went
rummaging for my punch, you meanwhile are cursing through your gag at what had
been done to you. &quot;What's that you say, whore?&quot; You reply behind your
gag,&quot;Yuuuph Fuuuuphhhingg ppphhhaattthrr, yuuupph vvviilll pppphhhh
pphhrrr pphhhiiistth! (You fucking bastard, you will pay for this!)&quot;, you
snear behind yuor gagged mouth. I then find the punch, and kneel down to take a
look at my new slaves' pussy. Nicely shaved, and oh so wet....&quot;Looks like
you enjoyed that last ordeal, Slut. I think you will enjoy this as
well...&quot;, as I pull your labia apart, and pierce each one a half inch from
the edge. You scream again, and I let you calm down, before I slip a small
padlock on your pussy, and for added taunting, I show you the key, and place it
in my pocket. &quot;One more step to go Babe...I have to mark you as my
slave...&quot;, I say. I untie you from the standing spread eagle, and balltie
you, so your bare ass is open to me. I fashion out of paperclips, the words
that will adore your as for life...

����������������������� &quot;Chris' Slave 

����������������������� � #188732&quot;
Next, i heat up the paper clips, till they are red hot, and tell you to
hold still, as I brand the words on your not so virgin ass. You cry in pain,
both from the physical pain, but also from the knowlege that you have just
become my slave, and will be for life.

New
Chapter 7/10

After
inspecting my handiwork on your ass, and taking photos for my record keeping, I
hook on a leash to your newly fashioned nipple rings, and command,&quot;Now
follow me, Cunt, I have more fun planned for you.&quot; You are hesitant to
obey, but a strong, sharp pull on your nipple rings, complels you to oblige. I
suspend your wrists again above your head and hood you, so you are blind. Also,
your ears are plugged, so you cant hear, either. I set up an ingenious torture
device for your swollen nipples....first I remove your ballet heels, and have
you standing flat footed. I run a rope from your nipple rings up to a hook in
the celing, and back down again to the floor...I instruct you,&quot;Now,
Chille, stand up on your tippie toes, and stay there for a minute.&quot; As I
pull the slack out of the rope, and tie the other end securly. You realize that
you can't keep yourself on tiptoe and eventually will tire, and have your poor
nipples pulled on. As I watch you writhe this way and that...I playfully give your
ass and breasts a slap as I say to you, &quot;I'll be back in an hour,
Baby...hang tight!&quot; You begin to struggle as I leave the room. &quot;where
did he go?&quot; you wonder. When I return I have so much stuff that I clunk
down that you feel the vibration. you wonder if there will be any heated metal
involved, as you hope. You want good torture, so here it comes. I dip you in
hot metal over and over as you moan and groan. I then cover you in clay to
weigh you down while I get more supplies ready for your punishment. You wonder
and wonder what im getting for you next.

I
come back, and announce to you,&quot; Guess what babe, we're going for a little
trip, but first, I have to get you ready.&quot; I untie you from your torture,
and notice that your nipples are raw, as they have been pulled on for the whole
hour. I bind your arms behind you in an armbinder, and tie off a rope to it,
and run it through your locked crotch. I tug hard from the other side and watch
you gasp, as you were not expecting this. I tie your breasts very tightly, so
tight that they turn purple and tie off the rope from your armbinder to them. I
then tie your legs next, all of your toes, ankles, knees, and hips. And force
you into a ball. Your eyes widen in shock as you see me pull out a suitcase,
and stuff you inside it...I slowly close the lid, and start closing the zipper.
The last thing I see is your face, which has an expression of fear, as you know
you cant stop me from abusing amd using your helpless body. Carrying my new
slave, I head for the door, downstairs. I let the suitcase with you inside it,
bump against each step, as you mmmph! on each one. You feel yourself being
roughly thrown in my trunk as I take you to your new home for the day. We
arrive at a seculded park, and after making sure we are truly alone, I unzip
the case, and pull you out...you are visibly shaking as you know what will be
happening to you. To be raped and used like a cheap whore. I then untie all of
your bondage, and place an overcoat on you and instruct you to follow
me..&quot;Now, Chillet, follow me, and be quick about it.&quot; You obey, as
you have been broken after all of this time, and humbly walk behind me, head
bowed in submission. I am behind you with a bag of goodies, including rope,
your ring gag, and nipple clamps. There are no vibs or plugs as i intend to
have all of your holes used today. We reach a hidden area of the park that I
had looked over while you were hanging by your tits, and went to work...I
stripped you, tied you down, and left you in a position that left your ass and
pussy exposed for anyone to fuck you at thier whim. next the ring gag was
forced into your little mouth, and after trying to spit it back out, you gave
up and accepted the fact that you were now not a person anymore, but a fucktoy.


����������� Placed on your back is a sign that
reads, &quot;This slut is available for use, you may do whatever you want to
it. Donations would be appreciated. Pretty soon, your first taker arrives, he
sees the sign, puts the money in the slot, and begins to pull his dick from out
of his pants...&quot;Well, well, well, what do we have here, a slut who cant
say no..:)&quot; he muses outloud. You know that you will ve violated soon
again, not by me, but a total stranger. He roughs you up a bit, by slapping
your face, your ass, your tits, and your puissy, before thrusting his shaft up
your ass. You scream out in pain, but it does no good, as there is no one else
that can hear you. Back and forth, he pounds you, till you have had enough, and
comes back out...you sigh with relief, thinking its over, but you find out that
you were mistaken as you now have his cock shoved into your waiting, and open
mouth..You have just become a fuckdoll for him and the other men, and women
that are to come. After a few hours of being mercissly fucked, slapped, and
abused, like the bitch you are, you have nothing left..and dont care anymore
weither you get fucked or not...Your appearance is appalling now to say the
least....your face is almost lifeless and long from exaustion, and it is
apparant at this point that you would do anything someone asks of you, without
question. Your body has been ravaged, and�
hangs from your binds. Cum is covering your legs, from your pussy and
ass, down to your knees, dripping off of them. After $300 worth of fucking, I
deposit the money in my pocket, and give you a &quot;tip&quot; of $1, and stuff
it in your ass cheeks. I then untie you, and ask you to crawl back into the
suitcase and fold yourself up..and you obey immediately. Once, zipped up, I
drag your broken body home, and carry you back upstairs. After a days rest, you
are again forced into serving me, as my personal fuck slave. Later that day, I
had registered you as my new slave, giving you your new name...#188732

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chris Schmid


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





