BDSM Library - Butterfly Wings




Butterfly Wings
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Erika and her husband are humiliated and blackmailed into becoming subjects of illegal human clinical trials and assorted abuses by a pharmaceutical company intent on revolutionising their market niche.









 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  5.5 pt
  2
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0cm;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"}


 
  
 






BUTTERFLY WINGS 


By Tcheena3

&nbsp;

CHAPTER ONE �- Metamorphosis, Wings Begin to Flutter

&nbsp;

They say
that the sweep of a butterfly�s wings in the Amazon rainforest can cause a
hurricane on the other side of the world.

Sounds
great, but it�s a ridiculous premise, really, when you get right down to it.
Oh, yes, I�m sure we all understand cause and effect. But to suggest that such
a small action could spiral into such a huge reaction in such a comparatively
short distance seems absurd.

At least,
that�s what I used to think.

I know
differently now.

I suppose I
used to be like many people. My name is Erika and at 32 years old my life was pretty good, by and
large. We were reasonably well-off, although comfortable rather than really
wealthy. I was married to my childhood sweetheart - a handsome, loving husband
and although we had no kids of our own, we had raised my 19 year old niece,
Libby, since the death of her parents in a car crash when she was 6. She was
gorgeous; sweet natured, beautiful, athletic and smart.

We had a
large house that I was really proud of, with a Mercedes and a BMW in the double
garage, and Phil had recently got a new position as a senior executive in
another company. Nothing significant to complain of and lots to be thankful
for!

Perhaps
you�ve had those times in your life? 

Everything
is going so well, you get complacent. Sure, you understand that �things� happen
in life including disasters like the death of my sister Sally and her husband -
Libby�s parents. But fundamentally, you know you are a good person and you
don�t expect bad things to happen, certainly not as a result of your own
stupidity and naivety. 

Especially,
hurricanes don�t get caused by the butterfly wing breeze of your life�s
ordinary activities.

+++

&nbsp;

I guess you
could say it wasn�t a normal activity for me. But it certainly was an ordinary
activity. Just a girl�s night out, really. 

As I said
before, Phil had a fairly new job. He was Sales Director of Lowry Life Systems,
or LLS as it was commonly referred to. As I understood it at the time and I
guess I wasn�t really that clued up on Phil�s new organisation,
LLS was a �boutique� pharmaceutical company, if that�s the right term. 

What I did
know about them, from Phil, was that they had supposedly developed a couple of
new �products� or drugs that were apparently going to revolutionise
their particular sector of the marketplace.

Phil was
very hush-hush about it. He wouldn�t even tell me what they were. However, he
travelled frequently and sometimes for quite extended periods, apparently
negotiating several major contracts to do with the new products. Phil was
excited about his job for the first time in years and felt it was quite a
feather in his cap that he was reporting directly to the company�s owner and
CEO, Vida Lowry. 

I tell you
this, because it explains why I was involved in an ordinary (but not normal for
me) activity. 

You see,
about two months after Phil started work at LLS, Vida Lowry had directed her PA
to invite me to a �girl�s night out� (her term). Apparently this was something
she did fairly regularly as part of maintaining the �friendly� atmosphere at
LLS. Supposedly, Vida usually invited about six or eight women; either senior
female executives, or the wives of her male execs. 

I�m not
typically a particularly gregarious character. I much prefer being out with
just one or two close friends or maybe a small dinner party at home. But as the
�new girl� on the block, so to speak, I didn�t feel I could refuse. The
invitation was for the coming Friday, when I knew Phil was going to be away on
one of his trips. So of course I accepted, with all the due statements of
deference and delight at being invited. 

Phil had
given me his thoughts on Vida before. He considered her to be an extremely
accomplished CEO. He said she was sharp and incisive, making decisions quickly
and effectively. She was fair and well-balanced in her judgments and looked
after her people. Nevertheless, she was a hard task-master (or should that be
mistress?), paying well but expecting a lot in return. He was learning an
enormous amount working with her, but he had told me on a couple of occasions
that there was something odd about her that he could never put his finger on�
something that suggested to him that he should never entirely trust her. 

Still, as
he said, it was just a feeling and nothing had ever occurred to validate the
feeling. 

�It seems
odd! How come she only invites the women?� I asked Phil. �You�d think there
would be a more family atmosphere if partners came too, don�t you reckon?� 

�Oh, I dunno,� Phil grinned. �I think she believes that people
need to let their hair down and that�s better if it�s without partners. Anyway,
apparently she does organise events for �the boys�,
albeit more �blokey� affairs than the girls nights. I
haven�t had a chance to go yet, �cos I�m always
travelling! Still, I guess that�s one of the downsides of earning a big
salary!� 

�Ooooohhh� sound�s scary!� I joked, �Ms Lowry all on her own
with a bunch of boofy blokes down at the pub!� �Yeah,
right!� he responded sarcastically, �I�m sure she has better taste than that.
Anyway, she�s pretty hot! I can�t wait for my night out with her!� 

�Don�t you
even think about it!� I swatted his arm playfully. 

�Come on,
Darling, you know me� you�re the only one I�m remotely interested in�. 

�Hah!� I
replied, �Who taught you to be so smarmy?� 

�Nothing
smarmy about it!
Why would I need anyone else when I�ve got the hottest little number in town
all to myself? You�ve got the plumpest, roundest ass I�ve ever seen� and as for
the rest of the package� well, what can I say?� 

I giggled
and turned my back to him, bending slightly and rubbing my buttocks up and down
in his crotch. �And just what makes you think you�ve got me all to yourself?� I
teased. 

I could
feel the beginnings of an erection in his pants. I knew he found my bottom
really sexy and I also knew he wasn�t the only one. It�s a funny thing� I�ve
always thought my ass was too big and fat, but I also know that lot�s of men
seemed to find it really attractive. I couldn�t begin to count the number of
times I�ve caught some guy leering at my backside when I�ve been out and about.
In fact, I have to admit that I like the attention and often dress for it. 

One of my favourite outfits includes a pair of light-weight white
pants that hug my ass and legs and reveal every dimple on my butt cheeks. It�s
about as close as I can get to being naked and still stay legal! I usually wear
them with a tiny thong which is clearly visible or sometimes no underwear at
all and take great delight strolling in the sun watching men eye me off. 

Phil says
that when I wear them, my buttocks are like two plump globes, separated by a
deep cleft, which jiggle and sway from side to side as I walk. He says its no wonder that guys stare at me, since it makes him
want to sling me over the arm of a chair and fuck me hard� preferably up the
ass! I always laughed when he said that because he knew I wouldn�t have anal
sex. It was sort of disgusting as well as probably painful. Anyway, I wasn�t
game to try and I thought our sex was inventive and hot enough without going
there. 

There is
one downside to wearing those pants. I often find myself getting very turned on
by all the attention and if it goes on too long, or I get too hot, I end up
with a spreading patch of dampness between my thighs that shows up clearly and
darkly against the white of the pants! I usually have to rush home and get some
relief. When I�m getting that relief, whether it�s a quick hard fuck from Phil,
or a finger job, I invariably indulge in my favourite
fantasies� fantasies that were the butterfly wings that caused my world to turn
upside-down. 

+++ 

&nbsp;

The evening
of Vida�s �girl�s night out� was one of the weirdest I had experienced,
although things were to get progressively worse over the months that followed.
It might not seem that odd in the telling but I was na�ve and really quite
inexperienced in the ways of the world. I�d probably always thought of myself
as �the girl next door� type. Blonde and pretty but not
beautiful. Friendly and outgoing but only in my
comfort zone. And that meant sticking with people I knew, going to
places I was familiar with, doing the things that felt safe. 

I arrived
at the venue for our evening shortly after our agreed meeting time of 7:30 pm.
I had spent a nervous hour or two getting ready, finally stepping out of the
taxi feeling prepared but a bit anxious. I was dressed in black heels and my favourite black cocktail dress, a silky number that was
hemmed just above the knee and draped sensuously over the contours of my body.
I was slightly more heavily made up than usual and my blonde locks were brushed
to a sheen and cascaded over my shoulders. 

I felt
quite presentable until I stepped into the gloom of the dimly-lit nightclub.
The club was small and intimate and opulently furnished; discreet lighting, a
small but well-stocked bar, leather armchairs and sofas, plush carpet and soft
laid-back bluesy jazz playing in the background. I scarcely had time to look
around before I spotted Vida and the other four women that made up the party
seated in a far corner booth.

I felt
immediately outclassed. 

These women
were absolutely gorgeous! I�m not quite sure how you tell things like this, but
I knew in an instant that this group represented serious wealth and I felt like
a shabby poor relation. They were all older than I. Probably ranging between 35
and early forties. In fact, I knew from what Paul had told me that Vida was 42.

There was
something about their dress and their makeup and their hairdos that was just
exactly so. A degree of perfection that you didn�t get by sitting in front of
the mirror as I had, doing yourself up.

Vida,
herself, I had met once before, shortly after Phil joined LLS. But on this
occasion her height and her stunning body and her glorious mane of long black
hair held an exotic commanding presence over the group. She greeted me warmly
as she held my outstretched hand in the coolness of her own. As she introduced
me around the table, she continued to hold my right hand in hers and placed her
other arm lightly, but almost possessively around my shoulders.

�This is
Maria,� she said, indicating a tiny, slim, sharp-featured, dark-haired woman of
about 40 on my left. �Maria is not with LLS, but she�s been a close personal
friend for many years and often joins us at our little soir�es!� she went on,
with a low throaty chuckle.

�Beatrice
is Director of Product Development at LLS. She�s been with us about 7 years
now. We just call her Beat for short!� 

There was
an amused laugh that went around the table at Vida�s comment. It seemed to
contain knowledge of something that was hidden to me. I could only smile at
Beatrice in shy acknowledgement of a joke that left me out. 

She was an
almost polar opposite of Maria. Tall, with a large frame and big breasts which
she obviously made no attempt to hide given the tight sweater that was
stretched over them. Her hair was a silvery white-blonde, long and pulled back
severely into a tight bun at the back of her head. Beatrice was almost stereotypically
Nordic, even down to the guttural Danish accent with which she said �Welcome�.

The two
remaining women turned out to be sisters. Tabitha and Tallulah, nicknamed Tab
and Tall, were pale-skinned redheads. When I say red, I mean seriously red �
flaming, stand-out-in-a-crowd red. Their names apparently meant �gazelle� and
�leaping, running water�. They certainly appeared athletic enough, although
Tall was actually the shorter of the two! They were married to two of the LLS
executive team.

So � that�s
the introductions. 

What it
doesn�t tell you is that, with the exception of Vida, they looked at me as if I
was some weird insect that had crawled in. Actually, to be more accurate, their
looks were predatory. 

It started
like that and continued for the remainder of the evening. Almost every time I
glanced at one or other of them I seemed to intercept a look that had me pinned
to the floor, undressing me with their eyes. I think I know now what a mouse
feels like under a cat�s gaze. I assumed there was some internal politics in
the company and perhaps I was seen as a threat of some sort. I certainly didn�t
feel like they were sizing up a peer. More like a victim!

Thank God
for Vida, though. 

She was
delightful. Warm, friendly, good-humoured, witty and
a fabulous raconteur. 

If it
hadn�t been for Vida, I�m sure I would have left early. As it was, I was able
to tell myself that since I wasn�t interested in playing office politics, they
would soon lose interest in me. Vida plied me with drinks far more swiftly than
I was used to drinking, and kept me involved in the banter that flowed back and
forth.

It wasn�t
long before I was well on the way to being drunk. I relaxed and started to
enjoy myself.

It can�t
have been more than half an hour of us being together than the talk turned to
sex. 

I was a bit
shocked actually. I don�t really think of myself as a prude, but I wouldn�t
have dived into a conversation like that with my girlfriends so quickly. Maybe
one-on-one after an evening together we might have shared a bit about
boyfriends and husbands. But this was down-and-dirty raucous talk about sexual
encounters and fantasies and what partners would or wouldn�t do.

I was very
uncomfortable although increasingly aroused at some of the talk. I dreaded the
moment when the conversation would come around to me. I was far too embarrassed
to share stuff like that with strangers.

Fortunately,
just before the contributions had gone right around the table and ended up at
me, Beat decided to demonstrate a point she was
making. It was something about being able to get sex whenever and wherever she
wanted it, but still be in control.

�Watch
this!� she said.

When she
stood up it was clear that she was truly a magnificent looking woman. Tall and
strong, her ass swaying seductively beneath her skirt, she sashayed up to the
bar and slid along next to a handsome young man who was sitting on his own
nursing a scotch. Pressing one of her large breasts against his upper arm, she
spoke softly into his ear. He looked up surprised and glanced over in our
direction.

He said
something to her and she pressed in closer and murmured some more. After a few
more words his expression took on cat-with-the-cream smirk and he stood up and
held up his elbow, offering her his arm.

She wrapped
her arm around his and the two of them made their way across the darkened club
into the hallway that led to the washrooms. She leaned heavily on him and
swayed a bit as they walked, clearly well intoxicated.

It was
obvious what had been arranged and there was an excited murmur around the group
at our table. I found myself unexpectedly getting moist between my thighs and fantasising about how it would be if Phil was in Beat�s
place and had ordered me to accompany him to a public place for a quickie! I
felt myself blushing, but fortunately no-one noticed in the dim light.

Almost
twenty minutes later, Beat and her �beau� emerged from the hallway.

He looked
shocked and pale and walked unsteadily towards the front door. Beat seemed to
be supporting him although he looked a bit reluctant to accept her support.
When they reached the door, Beat pretty much shoved him outside and then she
swaggered back to the table with a grin and a fierce gleam in her eye. 

�Hah!� she
said as she arrived. �He won�t be doing that again in a hurry!�

�O.K., come
on tell us, what did you do?� asked one of the red-head sisters.

�Well, I
offered him to fuck my ass if he was prepared to do it right then!� she
responded coarsely. �He thought all his Christmases had come at once! When we
got to the Ladies, I locked us in so we wouldn�t be disturbed and let him have
his way with me� 



Well,
actually, I had my way with him! I made him lie back on the floor and greased
up his pathetic little weaner with the moisturiser. Then I sat on it!�

I couldn�t
help myself. I blurted out �What, in your bum?!�

The rest of
the table burst out laughing and I felt my face going a deep fierce red as I realised how silly I must have sounded. 

�Of
course �in my bum�!�
Beat gave me a withering glance. �You�ve gotta give
them what you promise.�

�Yeah, but
what about what you don�t promise?� asked Maria, with a sly grin.

�Ah! Well
there�s the rub, so to speak. I waited till he�d rubbed himself almost to
climax in me,� she punned. �And then��

She paused.

The women
eyed her expectantly.

�Then I got
up and turned around into a 69 position,� she continued. �At first he lifted
his head and groaned, thinking he was going to miss out on his �cum�. Then he
stopped and relaxed back a bit when he realised I was
going to suck his filthy little stick... At least that�s what he thought I was
going to do�! 

Anyway, I
trapped his arms between my knees and sat on his face so he couldn�t breath. Then I held his balls in one hand and used my other
hand to help to squeeze them as hard as I could! It was amazing! He screamed so
hard, I could feel the vibration right up into my womb. That�s probably the
only reason you didn�t hear anything out here. Once he breathed out with the
first scream he was really fucked! He couldn�t suck a breath in through my butt
and I just kept squeezing harder!�

She paused
again and then continued. 

�Jeez! I
felt so powerful! He struggled like mad trying to breathe and at the same time
trying to lock his thighs together so I couldn�t keep hurting him. I bet he
thought he was going to die. I just pulled ball his balls upwards and squeezed
them even harder! I think I might even have crushed one ball� there was a
disgusting sort of squish! Phew! It was so hot�, I
came in about 10 seconds flat!

The whole
thing only took a few minutes. The rest of the time I�ve been helping him get
to his feet!�

There was a
round of applause and quiet cheers from around the table.

I found
myself again just blurting out the thought uppermost in my mind. �But why?�

Beat turned
to look at me. 

�Because
the sniveling little prick is married! He shouldn�t be so ready to accept favours
from strangers. And anyway, it was fun! He�s hardly going to complain to his
wife that he got beaten up by a woman in a club for trying to fuck her! Mind
you� he�s probably going to have a hard time explaining the state of his
balls.� She laughed - a wicked, deep-throated laugh.

+++

&nbsp;

Not long
after that, the party started to break up. 

Shortly
before, I had gone to the toilet to relieve myself. When I returned there was a
fresh drink waiting for me. I downed it quite quickly as the others were making
moves to go. Before long, I started to feel quite peculiar. I was definitely
drunk, but with a strange kind of dissociated feeling, not unlike once in
college when I had taken some acid.

�A weird mixture of conflicting emotions flowed
through me. I was clearly still under scrutiny from the group which made me
rather nervous but I was also feeling excited in a way that I couldn�t remember
for a very long time, if at all.

I made
moves to go as well, but Vida begged me to stay, saying she hadn�t enjoyed so
much getting to know someone in a long time. She made me feel that she really
wanted me to be part of the group. All evening there had been smiles and light
touches of inclusion on my arm. She didn�t seem anything like the hard boss
that Phil had made her out to be. I wondered if maybe he was covering up
feelings for her. It wouldn�t surprise me� she almost had me wanting to be in
relationship with her!

I�m just
joking, of course. 

I wasn�t
that way inclined. But I had found myself becoming sexually aroused a few times
during the evening, with all that erotic talk, and I guess one needs to hang one�s sexual excitement on something or
someone.

Eventually
everyone had gone except Vida and me. She didn�t seem at all inclined to go and
the conversation continued on its raunchy way except that, with Vida�s
encouragement, I was far more forthcoming than I had been with the others
around.

Somehow I
found myself sharing fantasies with Vida that I had never told anyone about
before� not even Phil. I seemed to be talking from a great distance away, as if
I was looking at myself from outside.

The
fantasies all revolved around being humiliated and made to perform obscene acts
in front of groups of people. There were often women in the groups but they
served only to increase the depth of my humiliation, not to have sex with. The
sex acts were always with men. Sometimes I was forced to perform for emotional
reasons� humiliation, arousal or blackmail. Sometimes I was forced physically�
tied down and fucked in the ass. Sometimes I was actually hurt� beaten or whipped.


I should
say that except for pain and anal penetration, I could imagine myself being
aroused by all fantasy elements in real life situations. However, those two
things were something that existed only in my unreal fantasies. If I ever tried
to imagine them in a real situation, you know� imagine someone really hurting
me in real life or actually trying to fuck my ass, as opposed to just fantasising about it, I know it would turn me right off
immediately. Strange how the mind works!

Anyway,
there I was spilling the beans to Vida, a woman I had only briefly met once
before.

As I
continued I found myself becoming more and more aroused. No doubt it had a lot
to do with the alcohol as well, but there was also that spacey detached feeling
and before long I was as wet as soup between my thighs. The more I talked, the
wetter I got and the harder it was to keep still. I was twitching about, hoping
like mad that I wasn�t leaving a snail�s trail of slime through my dress onto
the seat, and trying not to let it show to Vida. I couldn�t even get up and
rush to the loo which was what I wanted to do,
because it would have been immediately obvious. No doubt I�d have had
glistening knees by the time I got half way there!

Vida sidled
closer to me until she was pressed right up against my side, thigh to thigh,
shoulder to shoulder. I immediately froze, not wanting her to feel the
trembling or the twitching of my desperate arousal. I could feel the heat of
her body seeping through the thin fabric of my dress.

She turned
to me and whispered gently in my ear �Why don�t you let me help?�

As she did
so, she slid her hand swiftly under my skirt. Before
I had a moment to react, her hand had moved up between my clenched thighs, its
passage made easier by the lubrication coating the inside of them. Without a
pause her middle finger struck out straight up into the swamp of my vagina, her
long pointed fingernail scraping against the roughness of my g-spot and the pad
of muscle on her palm at the base of her finger pressed firmly up against my
swollen clit.

I gasped in
shock, but couldn�t say a word.

One part of
me wanted to scream �Get away! Don�t touch me!�

The other
part couldn�t stop even if it wanted. Her hand seemed to vibrate against me as
she moved her palm in small fast jerks against my clit and her finger scraped
away inside. Within a very few seconds, I exploded into the most extraordinary
orgasm I could ever remember. For a moment I thought I had peed myself. For the
first time in my life I actually squirted liquid out onto the seat as I orgasmed. My back went rigid and my heels dug into the
carpet, pinning me to the seat, body quivering all over, thighs locked in spasm
against that marvellous hand. I could hardly contain
the squeal that seemed to want to tear itself from my lungs.

Somehow, I
managed to suppress the sound and just a long strangled gasp escaped. As the
quivering waves eased off, my muscles relaxed and my body slumped back into the
seat. I glanced around the room in horror, feeling sure that the whole room
must be watching me. But astonishingly it seemed that no-one else had noticed.

Except
Vida, of course.

�Well, you
really are the little slut, aren�t you?!� she hissed. �I think we might end up
having a little bit of fun with you!� For a very brief moment there appeared to
be a predatory gleam in her eye but as soon as I thought I�d seen it, it was
gone. I wasn�t even sure if it had really been there.

�No,
please� I�m sorry�� I gasped. �I can�t� I won�t� I mean� um� ummm��

I had no
idea what I was talking about, what I was trying to say.

�Shhh�� she said, pressing her finger lightly against my
lips. She leaned close to me again. With her lips almost touching and her hot
breath bathing my sensitive ear, she whispered: 

�Some very
interesting desires you have there�! You might be surprised at what can be
arranged!�

Without
another word, she rose swiftly, swept up her bag and the coat that was lying on
the seat across the table from us, and strode out of the door leaving me
trembling, exhausted, flushed as red as a berry and with a nervous pit in my
stomach about what had just occurred.

Eventually,
I managed to pull myself together, collected my belongings and made moves to
go.

Once I was
standing, I could see clearly the pool of moisture that had gushed from me
during my orgasm glistening against the darkness of the leather upholstery.
Looking around nervously to make sure no-one was looking, I quickly mopped it
up as best I could with a couple of tissues from my bag. Then I bolted for the
front door and made my exit.

+++


End of Chapter 1. 


To Be Continued















 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  
  5.5 pt
  2
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0cm;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"}


 
  
 






BUTTERFLY WINGS 


By Tcheena3

&nbsp;

CHAPTER TWO �- Breeze

&nbsp;


If the girl's night out had been the first fluttering of the butterfly's wings, 
then the following day was when the first soft breeze began to blow. Although of 
course, hapless me, I had no idea at the time.


I arrived home from the nightclub 
feeling dishevelled and conflicted.


My mind kept racing from one image 
of the evening to another; from the cold hard looks of the four women to the 
warmth of Vida's presence; from the return of Beat after her 'tryst' in the 
toilets with her poor unfortunate victim, to Vida's breath in my ear and hand up 
my skirt; from stories of the women's sexual exploits to talk of my own 
fantasies.


Over and over, back and forth my 
mind roamed. I felt guilty as hell and at the same time sexually charged. I 
longed for Phil to be home and fucking me and yet I dreaded the thought of 
telling him what had happened. In a state of turmoil I made my way to bed where 
I tossed and turned, exhausted but unable to sleep. I still felt the weird 
spacey feeling that I had had for the last part of the evening. I must surely 
have been coming down with something - a cold, a flu or some other virus.


Finally, in the early hours of the 
morning I succumbed to at least one of the impulses churning through me. 
Imagining myself restrained to a desk and being fucked up the ass while 
surrounded by various colleagues at work, I masturbated and achieved a rather 
uninspiring orgasm that mercifully sent me off into a deep bone-weary sleep.


+++

&nbsp;


The following morning I arose late, feeling much 
as I had the night before. My body still felt odd. If anything I felt more 
nervous and unsure than I had the night before. Sitting in the warm Saturday 
late-morning sun in our back garden, the events of last night seemed bizarre and 
unreal and in some way I felt I had betrayed Phil.


The more I churned them over in my mind, the 
more I realised that the only thing that made sense to me was to bury it all. I 
decided I would not tell Phil. I had acted completely out of character and it 
seemed unreasonable to risk hurting our relationship. After all, it wasn't as if 
I had had an affair, was it? Just a stupid tiny one-off lapse. Or so I justified 
it to myself.


I was still a bit worried about Vida. I dreaded 
seeing her again. Surely she wouldn't tell anyone? I mean, her position was 
probably even more risky than mine. You wouldn't want stories like that getting 
out if you were a CEO, would you? I managed to convince myself that she would 
keep quiet and I reassured myself that I would refuse the next girl's night out, 
pleading illness or some such. It might take a couple of times but she would 
soon get the message that I didn't really want to be part of the group.


Feeling a bit more at ease, I had a long hot 
leisurely bath and a light breakfast.


Early afternoon and the phone rang. My heart 
leapt into my throat. Phil! 


I took a moment to compose myself and then 
picked it up. 


&quot;Hi, honey!&quot; I said, as cheerfully and as 
nonchalantly as I could.


&quot;Woah! You obviously did enjoy last night!&quot; 
Oh, 
my God! It was Vida's throaty chuckle.


&quot;Oh. S-sorry. I was expecting Phil!&quot;


&quot;That's quite o.k.! You can call me Honey any 
time you like!&quot; she joked. &quot;Actually, I was calling to ask a favour of you.&quot;


&quot;Oh. Yes?&quot;


&quot;Yeah. I've got a bit of a problem.&quot; She 
continued in the warm friendly voice I was becoming accustomed to. &quot;I'm having 
dinner tonight with a few people and someone's dropped out. I was wondering if 
you could come instead? I really need another woman to balance the numbers.&quot;


&quot;I...&quot; Before I could go on, Vida interrupted.


&quot;I know it's really short notice, and I wouldn't 
normally do this, but I'm a bit desperate and I figured Phil was still away so 
hopefully you wouldn't have too much planned for the weekend. And I'm hoping 
you're not too tired. After all we weren't too late leaving. Oh, and 
I can send the chauffeur round to collect you!&quot;


Her flow of words didn't allow for interruptions 
and managed to demolish, one by 
one, all the excuses that came to mind as she talked. Eventually I seemed to be 
left with only one that was half way plausible.


&quot;Actually, I'd love to, but I'm really not 
feeling at all well today. I think I must have a caught a virus, or something. I 
started feeling a bit odd last night and I wouldn't want to pass anything on to 
the others.&quot; 


&quot;Oh, dear.&quot; she replied &quot;What are you feeling 
like?&quot;


&quot;Well... I've got this really weird sort of 
spaced out feeling in my body, almost as if I'm not in it.&quot; I tried to sound as 
nasally and flu-ridden as I could.


&quot;Ahhh!. I think I know what you're talking 
about. That sounds just like what a few people in the office have had in the 
last few days. You probably caught it off Phil! Anyway, its really nothing to 
worry about. No-one here even had to take any time off work with it.&quot;


&quot;In fact, speaking of Phil,&quot; Vida continued, &quot;I 
do have an ulterior motive in asking you. Two of my guests are  clients 
of Phil's. I didn't want to tell you because I didn't want you to feel under 
pressure, but it's actually a very important relationship for us. Phil would 
probably really appreciate it if you could come. Are you sure you can't 
reconsider?&quot;


It seemed churlish to refuse when she put it 
like that. Also, I guess I felt a bit reassured that not only would I be helping 
Phil's career, but it was highly unlikely any 'funny business' would happen with 
clients at the dinner.


&quot;Well... O.K. then,&quot; I said. &quot;I'd love to, as 
long as you don't mind me spreading germs around!&quot;


We spent a few more moments making arrangements 
about the chauffeur pickup and then Vida rang off.


+++

&nbsp;


We had left the outskirts of town and I was deep 
in thought, sitting back in the plush leather rear seat of the limousine as it 
swept around the corner, through an enormous set of ornate gates, and continued 
on up the wide driveway towards Vida's house.


House? It was a mansion! Huge! 


Soft floodlights lit the facade and served to 
isolate it from the darkened but obviously well-kempt estate that surrounded it.


I was as nervous as I had been at the beginning 
of last night's party. This time, however, I had spent significantly longer on 
preparing myself and I felt quite proud of my efforts. I had chosen my most 
expensive outfit, a gorgeous red silk dress with a plunging neckline that hugged 
my figure and always made me feel like a million dollars. With heels and 
stockings to match and my blonde mane coiled elegantly into a bun at the top of 
my head, I felt like I belonged in wealthy company. I wore a bra that 
accentuated my cleavage and a thong that was almost non-existent and would not 
interfere with the sensual lines of the red silk draped over my buttocks. 


I was greeted at the door by Vida herself.


&quot;Wow! You look stunning!!&quot; she enthused. &quot;Turn 
around, let me have a look!&quot;


I felt my cheeks flush with pleasure at the 
compliment and I did a little embarrassed pirouette.


&quot;Wow, again! That's a great ass you've got 
there! I never realised last night. Must have been too dark!!&quot; Vida chuckled. 
&quot;Sorry!&quot; she went on &quot;I'm embarrassing you. But you really do look gorgeous. 
You'll have our clients wrapped round your little finger in no time! Anyway, come on, I'll 
introduce you to everyone.&quot;


Vida guided me across the magnificent foyer. Two 
enormous stairways occupied each side of the space, the one on the left sweeping 
in a curve up to an extended landing and the other sweeping downwards and 
disappearing below the room. The beauty of the entrance took my breath away. 
Wood, marble, gilding, trompe-l'oeil and the strategic placing of various 
antiques combined to give the place a decadent charm. This was a scale of 
opulence that I had never been in outside a museum.


We moved on into the next room. The impression 
was one of continued voluptuous magnificence, but I hardly had time to glance 
around because this was filled with Vida's guests, standing around nursing 
drinks and chatting.


I don't know why I should have been surprised, 
but I was, to find Maria and Beat there as well. They both looked at me with 
penetrating glances as I said a shy &quot;Hi!&quot; to them.


Four men made up the rest of the party, making 
eight of us in all. 


Vida introduced me firstly to Maria's husband, 
Derrick. I didn't find him very impressive. He was a medium height, ginger 
haired, freckled man with a slightly effeminate manner.


Beat's husband, Severus, on the other hand, 
seemed to fill the room. Like Beat he was of Nordic stock, tall, broad 
shouldered and blonde with a handsome but rather cruel face and a mildly 
Germanic accent. Standing next to him, with her blonde hair cropped short, Beat 
looked uncannily like Severus. If I hadn't been told they were married, I'd have 
sworn they were brother and sister!


The other two men, Jason Logan and Palmer North, 
were Phil's clients. At first glance, they both seemed like 'corporate' types to 
me, although my stereotyping of them didn't last long. Jason appeared to be in his 
mid-forties and Palmer probably about fifty and they just sort of looked like 
you'd expect corporate high-flyers to look! Dark-haired, handsome, suave, 
well-cut suits, professional demeanour. Palmer also had greying hair at his 
temples which rather added to his distinguished appearance. Just the fact that I lump them together 
in my description might give you the impression that they were peas from the 
same pod.


As it turned out, they were both delightful. Not 
at all formal. Cheerful. Very witty.


The best thing of all, they made very flattering 
remarks about Phil and then paid me the closest attention while we were having 
dinner. It was hard not to feel flattered myself.


Still, I get ahead of myself.


Vida made the introductions and then gestured to 
a maid, who was standing discreetly beside the door, to offer me an aperitif. I was 
rather astonished to observe that the maid had on a traditional French maid's 
uniform - black with a white lacy apron, a small cap on her head and what looked 
to be uncomfortably high heels. I didn't realise such things still existed! Still, I guess it did rather fit the decor!


I have no idea what the drink was, but it was 
delicious and obviously powerfully alcoholic because I was feeling relaxed and 
tipsy in quite short order. It also seemed to freshen up the 'virus' or whatever 
it was that had kept me feeling low all day, because I started feeling a bit 
dizzy and spacey again. 


Fortunately, the company was relaxed and 
stimulating and I pretty soon forgot about how I was feeling as we moved into 
the elaborate dining room. We were soon enjoying a sumptuous meal served by 
the &quot;French Maid&quot; as I had dubbed her in my mind.


Of course, I was seated next to Jason and 
opposite Palmer, presumably so I could chat them up on behalf of Phil! Vida was 
seated diagonally opposite and she gave me a number of encouraging glances 
during the meal as if to indicate that I was doing exactly the right thing.


By the time dinner came to an end, I was well on 
the way to being drunk, as was the rest of the party, and I was also feeling 
quite randy. Alcohol and the close attention of two handsome men, no doubt!


+++

&nbsp;


After dinner, Vida had a surprise for us. At 
least it was a surprise for me - I was too drunk to pay much attention to the 
reactions of the others.


We were going to watch a movie!


Vida led us into a home movie theatre. Mind you, 
it was nothing like any home movie theatre I had ever imagined. It could have 
seated about twenty people in the most plush and gorgeously upholstered leather 
lounge seats. Each seat was a recliner and had small tables built into the arms 
for drinks and food. The screen was enormous, the walls were covered in a deep 
red velvet material and the sound system was clearly the best, or so I assumed.


Vida gave us time to get seated and the 'French 
Maid' came in and offered us another round of drinks. Mine was the same as the 
delicious cocktail I'd had before dinner and it seemed to have the same effect - 
spinning me out a bit. Everyone was chatting cheerfully in anticipation.


Vida then pressed 
a button which opened the upholstered sliding side wall to reveal enough DVD's 
to fill a whole DVD shop!


She selected one and slid it into the player. 
The room lights dimmed and the movie came to life on the huge screen 
before us.


It turned out to be an erotic movie. I'm 
certainly no connoisseur of porn films but this one was much higher quality 
than I had ever seen snippets of before. It had no plot to speak of but the acting made everything seem 
incredibly realistic and the overall production, lighting and camera work were 
first class. But there was more to it than that for me!


The film seemed to cover just about every 
fantasy I had revealed to Vida only the night before!


It involved a young red-headed woman at a party 
who gets drunk and is encouraged in a game of truth or dare, to remove her clothing in front of the  ten or so guests 
remaining at 
the party late in the evening. It doesn't take long before the game is abandoned. When 
the red-head tries to 
pass her turn on to the next player she's pressured into doing something 
'interesting' before she puts her clothes back on. A blonde woman suggests she sucks the 
cock of the blonde's own husband! 


She's reluctant but she's drunk and she gets 
egged on by the group who start chanting &quot;Suck! Suck! Suck!&quot; The husband 
meanwhile has produced a large raging erection from his pants and is waving it 
in front of her. Behind her, one of the other women pushes down on her 
shoulders, forcing her to her knees facing the rampant cock and she takes it in 
her hands and starts to suck on it.


FLASH!!


She looks up startled to see that someone has 
just taken a photo. 


It's the blonde woman!


The blonde waves the camera around and shouts 
&quot;Guess where the photo's going if you don't let him fuck you!&quot;


The red-head leaps to her feet and tries to grab 
for the camera.


The blonde holds it out of reach and others hang 
on to the red-head preventing her from getting it.


&quot;I'm serious!!&quot; shouts the blonde. &quot;Let him fuck 
you, slut, or this is going straight on the internet!!&quot; 


Reluctantly, the red-head allows the blonde's husband to fuck 
her from behind and while this is happening she finds herself&nbsp;being fondled by various 
members of the party, both male and female. As her excitement increases and her 
inhibitions give way,  the first cock in her vagina is followed 
shortly after by several more. Some of the men jerk off and come all over her face. 
She is involved in various acts of debauchery, at first fairly willingly and 
then less and less so as she is forced to undergo more extreme 'diversions'.


When one of the men tries to shove his cock into 
her ass, she squeals and tries to get away. Five or six people crowd around her, 
holding her down, pushing her head and shoulders to the floor, while her plump 
bottom remains raised. He kneels behind her, pressing the head of his cock 
against her anus. Then he shoves hard with a jerk of his hips and his cock head 
buries itself in her. She screams, struggling hard against the throng of people 
surrounding her, but they have her held too tight and he pumps the full length 
of his cock inside her.


I don't know if she was just putting on a good 
act but it looked to me awfully like it was the first time she'd taken a cock up 
the ass, judging by the pain and shock that registered on her face! 


After that it becomes a bit of a free-for-all 
with the guys taking it in turns to fuck her backside and then move round to her 
face to be sucked clean. A couple of the women sit astride her facing each 
other, rubbing themselves on her back and neck until they come. The blonde that 
started it all even thrashes her ass with a heavy leather belt to the 
accompaniment of screams of fear and pain.


I know it sounds like a completely far-fetched 
scenario but that didn't make any difference to me. 


I could hardly breath I found it so exciting. I 
could imagine myself being taken front and back by Jason and Palmer while the 
others looked on. I was leaking between my thighs as badly as I had been the 
previous night. I squirmed about on my seat but could do nothing to relieve the 
tension. 


I wanted the movie to stop so I could dash home 
and masturbate in private. 


I wanted the movie to go on for hours. 


I wanted the others to take me and lay me over a 
table so I could be dealt with like the red-head in the movie.


I wanted to whip my skirt up right then and 
there and plunge my fingers into my slippery channel.


I wanted... I wanted... I just wanted!


A few times I glanced over to Vida who was 
sitting at the other end of the curving row of seats. Each time I found her 
looking at me with a wry, knowing smile on her face and a gleam in her eye that 
was visible even in the dim lighting.


As the movie drew to a close and the heat of my 
excitement subsided a bit, I began to become more aware of my surroundings. With 
that awareness came the shock of realising that I done more than just leak a bit 
of wetness between my thighs. I could feel it soaking right down into the crack 
between the cheeks of my bottom and could feel my dress sodden and sticking to 
my bum and the leather of the seat. 


I knew it would show as a huge dark patch 
against the red silk of my dress when I got up!


+++ 


&nbsp;


I waited till everyone had risen from their 
seats and moved towards the exit. I felt really stupid and could feel my face 
flushed once again. I don't think I had had a red face this many times in such a 
short period since I was in my adolescence!


I tried to pretend that I was just a bit tipsy 
and too tired to jump out of my seat straight away. I felt sure it didn't fool 
anyone, but at least I brought up the tail end of the party as we moved into the 
next room.


Except for Vida, of course!


She knew exactly what was going on and, as the 
host, had the perfect reason to bring up the rear as she ushered us out. Without 
anyone else noticing, she slyly slid her flattened hand sideways in between my 
buttocks, pushing the sodden silk right up to be trapped between my bum cheeks.


I jumped in surprise and almost yelped, catching 
myself just in time not to alert the others. I quickly tugged my dress back out 
and turned towards Vida, edging sideways out of the room, trying to keep by bum 
out of her reach.


She grinned at me and puckered her plump lips 
into a silent kiss. Then she poked her tongue through her lips and give them an 
erotic little lick.


Phew! I didn't know quite how to react. I gave 
her a quick weak grin and said nothing.


The room next to the theatre was a comfortable 
lounge with sofas and armchairs scattered about and a sturdy coffee table near 
the centre of the room. Everyone wandered into it and sat in whatever seat 
caught their fancy.


I sidled into the room, careful to keep my back 
to everyone, and sat in the nearest chair I could get to. I was in a bit of a 
quandary because I ran the risk of ruining Vida's upholstery. But my mind was a 
bit of a drunken blur and I couldn't think what else to do.


Perhaps not unnaturally, the conversation 
revolved around the movie we'd just seen.


I was far too uncomfortable to say anything, but 
the others seemed perfectly relaxed about having just watched a porn movie 
together. The general consensus seemed to be that it was very well made with 
superb acting. Everyone seemed to agree that it was quite a turn on.


And then Jason said it!


&quot;Actually&quot;, he said, &quot;I thought the whole idea 
was pretty feeble and far-fetched. I'm sure they could have come up with a more 
convincing plot.&quot;


&quot;What do you mean?&quot; asked Vida


&quot;Well&quot;, he replied, &quot;I can't imagine that she 
would have been drunk enough to take her clothes off like that and then agree to 
get fucked so readily!&quot;


&quot;Oh, I don't know&quot;, said Vida with an amused 
tone in her voice. &quot;It happens. In fact, I reckon that Erika wouldn't mind taking her clothes off for 
us and getting fucked right now. Erika!&quot; she turned to me. &quot;Why don't you get up 
and turn around so everyone can see how much you enjoyed the movie!&quot;


For a moment, it felt like my blood ran cold and 
drained away! Then an instant later, it rushed back - straight up to my neck and 
face. I could feel my fair cheeks turning a bright puce and they got so hot I 
could probably have fried eggs on them. I just wanted the big comfortable 
armchair to get bigger and swallow me up. I felt myself withdrawing, sinking 
back into the cushions as all eyes in the room turned to gaze at me.


&quot;Come on!&quot; Vida's voice took on a harder edge. 
&quot;Up you get!&quot;


But of course I couldn't. I felt frozen to the 
chair. My mind went blank. I had no idea what to do. Through the dim fog in my 
head I heard Vida's voice again, coming as if from a great distance away.


&quot;Beat!&quot; she ordered. &quot;I think our little sparrow 
needs some help!&quot;


I had no time to react. 


Beat was up and in two swift long strides, her 
heels clicking on the polished parquet floor, she was standing in front of me. 
One long, tanned, well-muscled arm shot out and she grasped a handful of my 
carefully coiffed blonde hair, close to my scull, and yanked me up out of the 
chair.


&quot;Ooowwwww!!&quot; I yelped in shock. &quot;That 
hurts!!!!!!! Let me go!!&quot; The last word was uttered with a bit of 
a shriek, as the pain intensified.


She completely ignored me; just clenched her 
fist tighter and swivelled her wrist, forcing my body up into a standing 
position while my head was pulled back and down.


&quot;Come on, Sweetie, let's see what you've been up 
to!&quot; Her voice dripped with sarcasm as she moved around, hauling me with her, 
until my backside was presented to the group.


I was mortified. I could fell the damp silk of 
my dress clinging clammily to my buttocks but was completely unable to move, 
locked in an excruciatingly painful grip by the much bigger and stronger Beat. 
The rest of the group burst out laughing. 


I heard Palmer's deep cultured voice. &quot;Whew! See 
what you mean, Vida. Looks to me like she's ripe and ready! Why don't we do her 
on the coffee table?&quot;


I don't know how to describe how it was for me 
next. In a matter of moments I felt my world had been turned upside down. A 
fantasy that had lurked in the back of my mind for years and years was suddenly 
happening... right here, right now. At the humiliating sound of their mocking 
laughter and Palmer's suggestion I felt my pussy erupt in a flow of slick 
juices, hot and dripping as it slid out of me. 


Somehow, it felt just right that Beat held me as 
she did. I could do nothing. So, it wasn't my fault! They were going to have 
their way with me and there was nothing I could do about it! Just the very 
thought of it almost made me faint with excitement! I felt my legs beginning to 
collapse under me, but Beat just tightened her grip on my hair even further and 
dragged  me over to the coffee table. She was practically carrying me by 
the time we got there. I heard myself squealing as her strong  arm 
lifted me so my feet were on tip-toes, barely grazing the floor.


When we got to the table she lowered me till I 
was standing on my own and pushed me forward so my shins were pressed up against 
the table's end. Keeping her tight grip on my hair, she forced me to bend at the 
waist, pushing down firmly until my forehead was pressed hard up against the 
cold surface of the table. My knees started to bend so I could take some of the 
pressure off my straight legs, but she pressed back on them with her other hand 
forcing me back into a straight legged position, bent almost double, my ass up 
in the air.


I could feel the hem of my skirt rising up to 
about mid-thigh as I bent. A moment later, her hand was placed on my left 
buttock and she slid the skirt right up to the small of my back, completely 
exposing me to the other guests and Vida.


There was a low wolf-whistle from someone.


&quot;Jeez... that's a spectacular ass!&quot; I heard from 
one of the guys. Even in the midst of my humiliating exposure, I felt proud that 
my body could elicit a response like that.


&quot;O.K.! Who's going first?&quot; It sounded like 
Jason's voice, but I couldn't be sure.


&quot;Actually, I've got a better idea...&quot; It 
was Beat in a rather harsh tone of voice. She went on, &quot;Let's blind-fold her and 
she has to guess who's fucking her. If she gets it right, she gets to leave... 
if she wants! If she gets it wrong, we get to keep her and have more fun until 
she gets it right!&quot;


Vida responded. This time her voice was back to 
its soothing friendly warmth. &quot;Good idea!&quot; she said. &quot;But I think it'll be a bit 
hard to know who just from fucking. That's probably not really fair. How about, 
after she's been fucked she gets a chance to suck them. That way she might be 
able to smell and taste who they are as well!&quot;


There were some giggles and murmurs of assent 
from around the room. 


And that was that.


I was hauled up on to hands and knees on the 
coffee table and someone produced a scarf that was used very effectively to 
blind-fold me. I was so aroused! My pussy was awash with juices. I really wanted 
them to tie me down, so I had no option but to stay and be fucked. But I guess 
they wanted it to be voluntary. Anyway, I wasn't game to say anything and 
actually, by then, I didn't really care... I just needed to be fucked!


I felt an assortment of hands on me.


For several minutes, they toyed with me. 
Stroking, touching, pressing on my clit, one finger thrust inside me, hands 
squeezing my dangling breasts, massaging the inside of my thighs. I felt like I 
would burst. The sensations becoming stronger and unbearably delicious.


I gasped in shock when it started. My thong was 
tugged to the side and whoever it 
was held my hips in both hands, place the head of their cock against my pussy 
and in one stroke plunged in the whole length! He felt huge, much thicker than 
Phil. I guessed he must have been about 8 inches long because I felt it pressing 
against my cervix as his thighs were pressed against mine.


I knew almost instantly that this must be 
Severus. He was the big man. It could only have been him with a cock like this.


He withdrew and then very slowly and evenly slid 
the whole length back inside me. He did this several times, establishing a slow 
steady rhythm. But it wasn't enough. I was so aroused! I was on fire! I wanted 
him to fuck me hard and fast! I tried pushing myself back on him but each time I 
did, he backed up as well so my efforts were frustrated. After a few minutes I 
heard myself mewling in a pathetic little whine and whispering over and over, 
&quot;Please! Please!&quot;


I heard Vida's soft voice next to me. As she 
spoke, her breath bathed my ear, increasing my heightened sensations. &quot;Beg him!&quot; 
she murmured &quot;Come on, beg him to fuck you!! He doesn't know what you want. Tell 
him! Beg him for that big hard cock to fuck you!&quot;


My voice got stronger, louder. &quot;Please! Please! 
Faster!.... Come on... come on... Harder! Come on, please...HARDER! Please FUCK 
me, FUCK me! Yes.. Yes... that's it...more, more, please, more, Harder.... fuck,&nbsp; 
fuck,, FUCKKK, FUCKK MEEEEE!!&quot;


He picked up the pace until he was plunging 
himself ferociously, viciously in and out of me. And it was like nothing I'd 
ever experienced before. Phil had never fucked my like this. This was hard... 
and fast... and huge... and brutal... and it was fantastic!!!!!!


I exploded into orgasm, gushing cum juice out 
onto the table, gasp after gasp after gasp tearing themselves from my lungs, tremors wracking my body, screams of 
pleasure forced from my mouth.


He withdrew, not having come himself I was sure.


And then he was round at my head, as they had 
suggested, pressing himself against my lips. He grasped my hair on either side 
of my head as I opened my mouth to let him in. I could smell myself on him and 
also a strong synthetic rubbery smell. Thank God! I thought, He must 
have worn a condom! 


A moment later he did what he had done from 
behind... plunged himself full length into my mouth and down my throat! At the 
same time, someone whipped off the blind-fold.  


It was Beat holding me! Beat wearing a 
massive strap-on that was buried in my mouth and throat, her blonde pubic hairs filling my 
nostrils as she pressed herself against my face!


In a second the warm weary after-effects of my 
orgasm were washed away.


I was shocked to my core! I couldn't breathe! My 
throat was burning as if I had swallowed coals! I felt like a fish caught on the 
end of a life-sapping hook! And underneath all that I was devastated. I had just 
been fucked for the first time ever by a woman, and in front of all the others!


Instinctively, I struggled viciously, pushing back against the 
supercilious bitch in front of me. The more I struggled, the tighter she held me 
and the more panicked I became. Now my lungs were starting to burn as I tried 
without effect to draw air into me. I pushed harder. Now I was angry, dangerous. Punching her. Yanking my 
head back trying to get off the shaft that I was impaled on.


Suddenly I was free!


I burst into tears! Huge wracking sobs of 
humiliation and desperation! Clutching the hem of my dishevelled red dress in my 
right fist, I fled from the room through the nearest door I could find.


+++


&nbsp;


The next room turned out to be a small bedroom. 
I slammed the door behind me, threw myself on the bed and curled into a foetal 
position. I sobbed and sobbed.


After a few minutes, the door opened quietly and 
Palmer crept in. He sat on the bed next to me. Putting his hand on my shoulder, 
he murmured softly. I hardly understood or heard what he was saying. It just 
sounded so comforting, his deep gentlemanly voice reassuring, soothing, warm, 
telling me that everything was alright, no-one had wanted to hurt me, it was 
just a bit of light-hearted fun...


Before long my sobs had eased to a gentle hiccup 
and eventually stopped all together. The sheet next to my face was damp with 
tears. Palmer continued to caress me with his voice. Soon his hand was caressing 
my shoulder - gently, sweetly. I felt myself relaxing, all the tension and 
distress gradually easing away as he slowly massaged me.


His hand began to move down, stroking from my 
shoulders all the way to the small of my back. I relaxed further and rolled 
sideways onto my stomach. It felt so good. In fact it was more than good. To my 
surprise I felt myself becoming aroused again. My God I thought, 
what's happening to me? I seemed to have spent the last two days in an 
almost perpetual state of arousal.


His hand moved down to my buttocks and I felt my 
ass moving up to meet it, almost a reflex reaction. As I pressed up against his 
hand, he pressed down, sliding his hand over the silk dress into the crack 
between my cheeks and then lower still, moving below the hem and coming back up 
under my dress, sliding along my thighs, finding my clit and strumming it gently 
with his thumb. I released a long sigh of pleasure, feeling the wetness once 
more slickly coating my pussy lips.....


CRASH!!!!!


The door was flung open violently, swinging back 
against the wall.


Beat stood there, hands on hips, glaring at me.


A brief pause, not even enough time for me to 
comprehend what was happening, and then she strode swiftly to the bed and once 
again grabbed a fistful of my hair in her strong muscular hand. Lifting my head 
up, she slapped me. Hard! Right hand to left cheek. 


WHACK! My head snapped to one side.


&quot;DON'T!&quot;


WHACK! Backhander to my right cheek. Head 
snapped back to the other side.


&quot;YOU!&quot;


WHACK! Left cheek. Snap!


&quot;EVER!&quot;


WHACK! Snap!


&quot;HIT!&quot;


WHACK!


&quot;ME!&quot;


WHACK!


&quot;AGAIN!&quot;


WHACK!


&quot;BITCH!&quot;


Then, giving me no time to get myself up, she 
just yanked my hair, dragging me off the bed and towards the door while I 
desperately tried with both hands to hold her hand against my head in an attempt 
to ease the pressure and the pain. At the same time, I was trying to get to my 
feet and follow. All I succeeded in doing was a mad scramble, half kneeling, 
half pushing against the floor with my feet, buttocks bouncing, breasts swaying 
around, squealing in shock and pain.


&quot;You haven't finished, yet, you stupid cow!&quot; she 
barked at me. &quot;You still have to guess the next one!&quot;


There were cheers and claps as she dragged me 
back into the lounge room. 


I couldn't help it! I just felt myself flushed 
with excitement! This was what I needed. Someone to take a firm hand to me, make 
me do what they wanted me to do. Someone to humiliate me while everyone 
else looked on.


In scarcely a moment it seemed, I was once again 
blindfolded. My dress was literally ripped off my body, by whose hands I have no 
idea. Standing there naked save for my tiny thong and bra, my hands were tied 
behind my back. Some sort of strap was held against my upper back and the two 
ends threaded under my armpits, emerging from the front of my body. The ends 
were brought up and behind my head and I heard the clink of something above my 
head. Then I found myself being raised until my toes just cleared the ground.


My knees were lifted upwards towards my chest 
and held up there with a rope tied around one knee, over the back of my neck and 
tied around the other. Next both my bra and thong were torn from me.


I felt completely exposed. I could imagine my 
pussy and asshole naked, wide-open, unprotected for all to see. Even as I 
imagined how it must look, my arousal increased, moisture seeping slowly from my 
pussy to my asshole, coating my buttocks.


&quot;O.k., Derrick, you pathetic little worm!&quot; I 
heard Maria saying. &quot;Ream out her ass with the slimy little tongue of yours!&quot;


A moment later I could feel his tongue gently 
bathing the skin around my anus and then lapping right over it! The soft tip 
touched the centre of my anus and seemed to stiffen. I felt it pushing right 
inside my asshole! The sensation was extraordinary. I had never been touched 
there that way before. I almost creamed on the spot!


But I had little time to focus on it. A much 
stronger sensation began as the head of an enormous cock was pushed into my 
slick pussy. Despite the dreadful mistake I had made guessing last time, this 
time I really was sure it was Severus. This was bigger than the strap-on that 
Beat had used and it was much hotter. This felt like real flesh and blood, huge, 
throbbing, stiff meat.


A growling moan escaped my lips as the great 
shaft slid up into me. He held my shoulders as he began to pump in and out. I 
had never felt more slippery or more full. YES! This was what I craved. Captive! 
Fucked! Sex Toy! Humiliated! Forced! Oh!... Oh!... the tension grew rapidly ... 
higher... hotter... &quot;Oh! Oh! Ohhhhh!....Severus! ... Severus!!!...&quot; I cried 
out... and in less than 10 or 15 strokes I erupted into yet another explosive 
orgasm. 


The climax was was so overwhelming that I 
blacked out.


When I came to, I was lying on my back nestled 
in a sheep's wool rug on the floor. Vida was stroking my face. She smiled at me. 
&quot;Well, looks like you guessed right that time! Let's find you a gown and the 
chauffeur can take you home.&quot;


+++


&nbsp;


End of Chapter 2. 


To Be Continued...













BUTTERFLY WINGS 

By Tcheena3


&nbsp; CHAPTER THREE �- Light Wind


&nbsp; It was almost two weeks before I had anything more to do with Vida. 

I knew she was going to ring me the morning after the so-called 'dinner party', probably to gloat, or perhaps to pretend that it was all perfectly normal behaviour and suggest that we all do it again sometime! 

But I was wrong. The call never came. I rehearsed over and over in my mind what I was going to say to extricate myself from her social calendar. As each day went past, I got more tense rather than less so, in anticipation of the call that didn't come.

 I think now of the events that were to occur in the next couple of weeks as a light wind in the overall scheme of the hurricane that was building. But at the time, they felt more like a hurricane in their own right.&nbsp; 

In the days after I had been so publicly and embarrassingly fucked by Beat and her husband I was distraught. Phil had returned home late on the Sunday afternoon and all I wanted was to be folded in his arms, held and caressed and reassured that everything was going to be o.k. But it felt like there was a chasm between us. 

I tried to act normally, cheerfully putting my arms around his neck and greeting his return with a warm wet kiss. But the reality was that I had never cheated on him before. I felt incredibly guilty and was sure that it must show. 

On the Sunday night, I couldn't even bring myself to make love with him, stupidly fearful that he would be able to tell that my pussy had had a big artificially cock in it only hours before. I pleaded a headache and a virus, although the viral symptoms that had made me so uncomfortable in the two days before had actually receded considerably, much as Vida had suggested they would.

 The next few days didn't get much better. Phil himself seemed almost as distant and distracted as I was. On a couple of occasions I asked him if anything was the matter and he just said that he was a bit worried about a major proposal he was working on. I didn't pursue it, largely because I didn't want him asking the same questions of me!

 I must have disguised my anguish sufficiently well because he never indicated that he had noticed. Nevertheless, it was a tremendous relief when he left on his next trip. I was really sure that all I needed was a few days on my own to come to terms with everything and get back to normal. 

+++

 Phil left on the Wednesday, a week and a half after the fateful weekend. He was due back on the following Tuesday.

 Less than half an hour after the taxi had picked him up to take him to the airport the phone rang. I picked it up, assuming that Phil must have forgotten something.

 "Hi, Honey! What did you forget?"

 "OoooAh! My little sparrow! I do soooo love it when you call me Honey!" A sweet, warm, seductive voice. It was Vida!

 Bloody Hell! That was the second time I'd made the same mistake on the phone! I felt immediately off-balance, mentally kicking myself for my stupidity.

 "I'm just calling to ask if you can help me out again this weekend, seeing as how you enjoyed it so much the last time!" Vida went on with a smile in her voice.

 "Oh! Um..." I stuttered. All the brilliant, suave, sophisticated responses I'd been planning all week scattered in the light wind that wafted through my head.

 "Don't worry!" Vida continued. "I'm not asking you to fill in a dinner spot. I was actually wondering if you'd mind helping me do some preparations for a fancy-dress party I'm throwing on Saturday. And I also really need someone to help with serving drinks during the evening. Normally, I'd just use the caterers, but I think there'll be a bit of mischief at this party." She laughed. "You know what some of my friends are like and the things they get up to! I can't hire just anyone! I'll make it worth your while."

 "Oh. Look, I'm really sorry," I said. "I've already got plans for this weekend. You know Phil's away and I was planning to visit some friends."

 "Ah," she paused. "Planning? Have you made the arrangements already?"

 "Well, no, not yet." Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I kicked myself, again! What the hell was I thinking of? I'm such a bad liar and I'd managed to shoot down the excuse I'd only just made up!

 "Well, that's great! That's settled then. I'll have the chauffeur pick you up on Saturday about midday. Does that time suit?"

 "Actually, Vida..." I found myself momentarily stuck for words, but I knew I couldn't let this go on. I steeled myself, taking a deep breath. "Actually... um, I think... um, well, actually I don't want to do that again!"

 "Do what again?" Vida asked ingenuously.

 "Well... you know... what happened the other week," I went on nervously.

 "Oh that! That was just a bit of fun! I wouldn't put you through that again if you don't want to."

 "I...," I started.

 "Mind you," she over-rode me. "You did seem to enjoy it quite a bit at the time! I have a vague recollection of pussy juice all over my furniture!!" she said crudely.

 "Yes. I know. You're right. I did have a good time," I confessed "And I really appreciate you inviting me. I mean, you've been so sweet about helping Phil and I get settled into the company... you know, introducing me to your friends... and stuff. But... it's just that I don't really feel comfortable being around that sort of stuff... and... well, even if you don't want me to actually get involved, I still don't really want to be around it."

 There. It was out. I felt relieved and wound up all at the same time.

 There was a pause and then Vida spoke.

 "Well, I have to say, I'm pretty disappointed," she said sharply. "I've always taken great pride in how we all help each other out at LLS. I've done a lot to help Phil with his career. You must know that I gave him a chance that was really above his level of experience. Even now, he's been struggling and I have to help him out quite frequently." 

There was a brief silence, leaving her statement hanging heavily between us. I didn't know what to say. Then she went on.

 "And you said yourself how much you appreciated being included! I'm not sure that this is going to work out in the long term. I really need to have employees that share the LLS family ethos."

 She was threatening me!

 The relief I had felt evaporated leaving me with just the sick, heavy, nervous pit in my stomach. Even so, I knew that my relationship with Phil was more important than any particular point in his career. And I knew that if I got involved again I would be sorry. I would find it harder to keep it from Phil and who knows what the outcome would be.

 I cleared my throat and said, in as firm a voice as I could muster, "I'm really sorry you feel like that Vida. I really am happy to help out with anything at all that would help LLS. But I can't get involved in that 'stuff' again. I just don't think it would be fair to Phil."

 CLICK!

 I was stunned! Without another word, Vida had just put the phone down on me.

 I was shaking right after the phone call. She was really angry with me. I knew that from the tone of her voice. I couldn't believe I had basically told my husband's boss where to get off.

 +++

 I had planned to go shopping during the morning but now I just didn't feel like it. I spent the rest of the day pottering around the house, my mood alternating between self-justifying anger and fear about the possible outcome on our lives. Would she actually fire Phil? Surely not. But what if she did? What we do then? How on earth would I explain to Phil what had gone on?

 Late in the afternoon, I was walking from the kitchen into the living room, when I noticed a large brown envelope lying on the carpet just inside the front door.

 Huh? I hadn't heard the postman arrive. And anyway the envelope lay partially under the door itself, suggesting that it had been slipped under the door from outside.

 I picked it up with a mixture of trepidation and excitement. What on earth could it be? Maybe I'd won the lottery or something amazing like that! I laughed to myself at the stupid little fantasies I sometimes came up with. I turned the envelope over. It was plain with no markings except 'Erika' written in blue ballpoint on the front. Carefully, I peeled open the flap at one end and extracted the contents. There was just one A4 sized piece of paper, blank on the side that was face up. 

I turned it over and realised that it was actually a sheet of address labels, something I was very familiar with after the secretarial work I had done years before. It was a standard sheet with about 14 labels, the kind that you print addresses on to and then peel off to stick on an envelope.

 Every label had been printed on. At the top on the left-hand side was Phil's name and his work address at LLS. Below that was our niece Libby's name and university address. She had moved out last year when she began her degree and was staying in one of the university colleges. Below Libby's name came my parents. 

The remainder of the labels were printed with an assortment of our friend's names and addresses. These ranged from an old school friend, Vicky, that I hadn't seen in almost 10 years, to a couple that we had only met in recent weeks at the local tennis club. I'm not sure that we'd really even class them as friends. They were wealthier than us and seemed to want to socialise with us, although we found them a bit smug and condescending.

 I was puzzled. I had no idea what it was for or who had sent it. I even ripped the envelope apart in case I'd missed something inside. 

Nothing!

 +++

 Thursday morning. Another restless night. I was sitting at the kitchen table, in my dressing gown, tired and nursing a steaming cup of black coffee when I heard the tap of a footstep on the porch and a rustle at the front door. I got up, expecting to hear a knock and walked into the hallway to see who it was.

 On the floor by the door was another envelope, similar to the first.

 I rushed to the door and opened it swiftly to see who had left the envelope. But there was no-one there. Not even a car parked nearby.

 I picked up the envelope and closed the door, leaning back against it as I levered up the flap.

 Oh! Dear God! No! Please!

 My legs buckled under me in shock and I slid to the floor clutching the contents of the envelope to my chest.

 A dozen or so glossy photos, 8" x 10", all of them featuring me! Me with a large cock buried in my mouth, drooling spittle, eyes half-closed in an obvious state of arousal! Me, mouth wide open in a cry of passion, being fucked by a woman with a strap-on! Me, bent at the waist, skirt flipped up onto my back while an obviously female hand caressed my buttocks! Me, on hands and knees on the coffee table with a myriad of hands, male and female, stroking me, pinching, pulling my nipples while I bowed my back downwards, thrusting my ass into the air, an expression of desperation on my face. It was obvious what I was desperate for!

 And so it went, photo after photo, bright, detailed, focused, revealing me in intimate detail in a variety of lewd and wanton poses. But not a single hint of anyone else's identity. Not even a view of the background or furniture.

 These were professional quality photos and I knew exactly what they meant!

 I'm not stupid.

 I knew how this worked. I'd read enough novels in my time to understand blackmail. I immediately got the connection to the address labels the day before. And I realised that considerable effort and expense must have been spent even on that one sheet. Some of those names I hadn't been in touch with for years, so someone had been doing a lot of digging to compile the list.

 In a moment of absolute clarity, I also knew that I would only have one opportunity to nip this in the bud and that was now. If I gave in, it would be a downward spiral. I just knew it. Step by inexorable step, I'd be taken to places I couldn't even conceive of now.

 You probably think I'm being melodramatic! But if you had seen the photos, you'd think differently. This was a clearly pre-meditated process. The photos were frightening in their stark glossy reality. Whoever it was wouldn't have gone to all that trouble just for a little bit of fun. 

What do I mean "whoever it was"? I should just say SHE! 

Fuck! Fuck! Fucking bloody fucking bitch! I'll fucking kill the slag!

 My mind raged with vicious thoughts of revenge. How dare she! Well she'll be sorry! She'll learn! I'm stronger than that! She can fucking try her hardest, but I'm not giving in to blackmail! I'll fucking blackmail her, the bitch! Just wait till the papers find out about what goes on with perfect Ms. Lowry. They'll have a field day. Yes! Two can play at that game! It'll take a bit of planning, but so what, I can...

 As I raged, I was opening the end of the envelope to stuff the incriminating evidence back inside and a small slip of paper fell out and fluttered to the floor. I picked it up and saw a single line of typed text:

 9am Friday. Be ready for collection. All weekend. No need to pack.

 That was tomorrow morning! 

All my bravado dissolved in a flood of anguished tears.

 +++

 It took almost the whole night to think it through. 

Around 4am or so, I finally fell into heavy fretful sleep. I'd been through it over and over, looking at it from every angle and then back again. I just couldn't risk it. I couldn't risk not doing what she said.

 All those years of reading trashy novels, thinking how stupid the protagonists were to give in to blackmail so easily. If only they'd been strong enough at the start it would all have been o.k.!

 Now I knew differently. Just the thought of my niece Libby seeing those photos filled me with horror. And as for my parents, well! Such a tiny list of addresses. But it was my whole life! If all those people found out, it would destroy every shred of confidence I had. I could never live anywhere in the world associated with them. I might be able to manage it if Phil and I could face it together. But how could we? Phil would be devastated! He would leave me for sure. He'd always had a bit of a jealous streak and there was no way I could try and downplay what had happened. The photos were just too graphic.

 After endless hours of tossing and turning in bed I made my decision.

 I would do what the bitch wanted, but only on condition that she told no-one and destroyed all digital copies of the photos and never took any more photos no matter what she forced me to do.

 Hah! Talk about self-delusion!

 In the dark recesses of my mind I knew I was fooling myself, but I just couldn't bring myself to acknowledge it just then. Instead, I berated myself for mishandling the conversation with Vida in the first place. If I'd just agreed to help out at the party, that might have been the end of it. I could have just gone along and done the preparations, as she suggested. But now she was forcing me to give in to her and once I did so, where would it end?

 +++

 The chauffeured car delivered me to Vida's around mid-morning. No luggage for the weekend, just the clothes I was dressed in - white jeans, tank-top and my Asic walkers. I won't bore you with how I was feeling or how the last few hours had been. Suffice it to say I felt numb now... all except the pit of dread in my stomach.

 Vida received me warmly and cheerfully, thanking me profusely for helping out and acting completely innocently as if nothing was going on. How does she do that?! I railed to myself. It was as if two completely different personalities inhabited her body. This was the one that I would have loved to have as a friend. Not any more though.

 I found myself responding coldly and disinterestedly. I might be forced to do this, but I wasn't going to give her the satisfaction of doing it willingly. She went on as if nothing had happened. Chatting away animatedly about her plans for the party and pressing one of her delicious cocktails into my hands. I had a few sips. And then a few more. A little voice in my mind suggested deviously that it might all go a bit easier if got myself too drunk to help.

 Before Vida had finished more than a quarter of hers, I had drained my own.

 Vida looked at me with an amused smile on her face. "They're really nice aren't they?" she asked. "Would you like another?... I'll be right back" she said as I nodded. 

It took her no more than a couple of minutes to return, but in that short time I had suddenly started to feel that familiar, slightly dizzy, spaced out feeling. The realisation exploded in my mind like a bolt of lightening! The cocktail was drugged!

 You must think me incredibly stupid or maybe just idiotically naive, but it had never occurred to me before. It just doesn't if you have no reason to imagine that someone is drugging you. Why would it? It was so clear to me now. Not a virus. A drug. Now I understood why I had been so incredibly randy and turned on. It was the bitch! Jeez! It wasn't my fault after all. It was her, she had planned it all.

 A new feeling of resolve coursed through me and when Vida returned with the fresh cocktail I refused it politely.

 "Actually, I'm really sorry, but I don't think I can manage another just now. I'm feeling a bit light headed."

 Vida looked into my eyes and her expression changed. A dawning of recognition. She knew that I'd figured it out.

 Her expression went cold. She reached out and grasped my jaw firmly in her right hand, forcing my face towards her own, holding my gaze with her dark cool eyes. What she said next scattered my resolve and encircled me in a band of fear.

 "Don't be stupid, Little One, you know how this works! You just get to do exactly what you're told, when you're told, from now on. Unless, of course, you'd like your parents to see what you get up to while Hubby's away earning a living to support you?" She forced my face from left to right as if I was shaking it in denial. "Of course you don't!" she went on.

 I felt mesmerised by the snake-like look in her eyes.

 She continued. "I'm going to give you one chance, right now, to end this. You say to me that you want to walk away and I'll let you go. I'll give you a bit of time to decide. But before you do let me tell you how it works. You go and the photos go with you... out to all your friends and family. You get to go back to your precious suburban life. Except it won't be so precious. Not what you had before!" she hissed.

 "Phil loses his job and I suspect that you'll have a hard time patching things up with him. Who knows, maybe you'll be lucky? Hah! With any luck, maybe he's not the jealous type! Still, how about your parents? And what about dear little Libby? Do you think she'll still want to visit? Hmmmm?

 Anyway, its probably unfair of me just to give you one side, so here's what happens if you stay. You get to have more excitement than you've had in your life so far, but it goes no further than me and my associates. I can guarantee you more and better orgasms than you've ever had and you get to be humiliated into the bargain... we know you love that don't we?" she sniggered. "You get to be hurt too" she said softly, and paused.

 I almost missed it.

 "Wha..what?" I stammered.

 "I said you're going to get hurt. Physically. It'll be like humiliation, only much richer for you. More sensory, shall we say? It'll take you higher than you can possibly imagine... and lower. Sometimes you'll wish it would never end. Sometimes you'll wish you could end. 

Really, you should get out now while you can. Limit the damage and walk away. Otherwise, I'm going to take you further each time. You'll look back on now and wonder why on earth you didn't go. The worse the things that you do, the tighter the blackmail! That's how it works... you know that.

 Just a couple of other things before I leave you with it. Firstly... I'll be improving your body while you help LLC with some research..."

 "What do you mean?!" I interrupted.

 "Just that we're working on some really exciting new developments at LLC that allow us to shape the human body, to some extent. We're ready to run human trials, and you'll be helping. Don't worry, it's perfectly safe and you get to have a sculpted body without all that hard work at the gym!"

 "What's the other thing?" I asked. "You said a couple of things."

 "I wanted you to know that I'm blackmailing Phil as well," she responded. "Only, his is far more serious. I'll tell you about it sometime. If his comes to light, it's prison... and lengthy. You might want to consider that. If one of you decides to pull out, I count that as both. You pull out and Phil goes down as well!"

 "Why? Why are you doing this to us?" I breathed, on the verge of tears.

 "Well, partly because I need some testers for the trials. But, mostly, just between us girls, its because I can! I love control. It's so exciting watching you squirm. Plus, I'm looking forward to hurting you!

 Anyway," she said, matter-of-factly "that's enough of that. Here. Drink this up and you've got half an hour to make up your mind!"

 She turned to leave and then turned back.

 "Oh, by the way," she said in an offhand disinterested sort of way, "you might want to have a look at this while you're deciding."

 She reached into the back pocket of her jeans and produced a photograph which she handed to me and then strode off. Shock after shock! It seemed that every moment of my life since we met was one unbalancing thing after another. I hardly seemed to come to terms with one thing before she side-swiped me with another. 

The photo was not large, but it didn't have to be to have the impact Vida obviously intended. It was a simple shot. A small cheerful group of friends, standing together, three of them, two women and one man, arms across each other's shoulders, smiling broadly at the camera, lush grass lawn underfoot, historical university college building in the background. Nothing unusual. Except the young woman in the middle was my niece, Libby, and the couple on either side were Beat and Severus! I got the message Vida was sending loud and clear.

 +++

 I was just as confused at the end of the half hour as at the beginning. Really, I knew I had no choice. But my mind just kept looping around all the permutations. What would happen if; what if I reported her; what could I do with no evidence; was I really prepared to give up that delicious, helpless, arousing feeling of humiliation as I was publicly fucked; what did she mean hurt... how bad could it be; what if Libby found out; what on earth could Phil have done to land him in prison; on and on... round and round.

 She was smart. She'd forced me to drink the second cocktail before leaving me to my thoughts, knowing it would unbalance my decision. By the time she returned, the loop of thoughts had narrowed to those involving fantasies of what I'd be forced to do over the coming days. I couldn't get them out of my head and my body had responded accordingly.

 Big mistake to wear white jeans! My arousal had resulted in a dark damp patch between my legs.

 Vida returned. She took one looked at my jeans and laughed.

 "Ooh, you naughty girl!" she crowed. "I guess we know what you've decided then. O.K., let's get on with it."

 "Wait!" I said. "There's one condition."

 "Hm. I don't really think you're in a position to be making conditions!" she responded.

 "Well, I am." I said "It's Libby. You have to leave her out of this, or I'm leaving now. I mean it, I don't care what happens to me. But I do care about her."

 "O.K.!" she snapped, to my surprise. And that was it. No more conversation.

 +++

 I spent the afternoon working at Vida's direction and shortly before the guests were due to arrive she sent me to the bedroom she'd allocated to me, with instructions to dress in the outfit on the bed.

 It was another French Maid's outfit. Oh, God! I thought, What a clich�. 

This one, however, was substantially shorter than that worn by the maid the other night. Even by tugging the skirt down firmly, the hem was barely below the bottom of my buttocks. The slightest lean forward resulted in it sliding up to reveal the lower part of my plump ass cheeks. My stockings, supported by a garter belt, extended up my thighs to finish a couple of inches below the hem, revealing a small expanse of soft white thigh.

 There were no panties! Not even a thong!

 I felt desperately exposed. And stupid. Even if it was fancy dress, it was a ridiculous costume. It was made worse by the fact that I had been made to consume a third cocktail late in the afternoon and I was ravenously aroused. More so than I had been even by the end of the evening's adventures a couple of weeks ago. I wanted cock and I wanted it now! My vagina was soupy and I couldn't stop leaking onto the inside of my thighs.

 I slipped the horribly high spike-heeled shoes onto my feet and walked out to present myself to Vida. I could feel the tension in my calves after just a few steps. She took one look at me and gave a low whistle. "Phew, you really are a find, aren't you!"

 Despite my anger at her, I found myself inordinately pleased and felt a small blush of pleasure heat my face.

 "Now, Little Slut," she went on "Here are the rules for tonight. They're very simple, but make sure you follow them, or you'll much prefer that you had!" She said this last with a nasty hiss of menace in her voice. "No matter how aroused you feel, you are not under any circumstances to come. You'll get your reward but not until later with me. Do you understand?"

 I nodded, but I felt shattered. That was so unfair. She had forced me to stay by promising me the most amazing orgasms (just what I needed right now!) and then tells me I can't have any. 

"Bitch!"

 For an awful moment, I thought I'd said it out loud, but there was no response so it must have just been in my mind.

 "O.K." she went on. "Two more things. You are not come on to anyone. Not in any way. Not at all. No wiggling your hips or thrusting your ass into someone. No rubbing against them. Nothing. And just in case you think you can get away with it, I've got others, apart from Beat and Severus, to keep an eye on you during the evening.

 Finally, you are to make yourself available to anyone who approaches you. In whatever way they suggest or whatever they do. That means you do whatever they tell you to, unless it conflicts with the second thing. You will do whatever you are told but you will not move your body in any way, once you are in the positioned required of you. Got it?"

 "But..." I started.

 "No buts. You'll work it out. You're going to feel very tempted but, seriously, don't think of transgressing any of the rules. You really will be sorry!"

 With that, she strode off, leaving me to come to terms with the approaching discomfort of my evening.

 +++

 That evening was a nightmare of self control. 

There would have been about seventy or eighty people, dressed in all manner of finery, mostly masked. A fair number seemed to have come in pairs as master and slave, or mistress and slave, dressed in an assortment of black leather or PVC gear, chains, crops, high-heeled boots, that sort of thing. And they weren't necessarily male slaves with the 'mistresses'! Some had come as female-female pairings but I didn't notice any male-male pairs. I wasn't sure whether they were real or not, but they certainly seemed to act the part and the some of the costumes were very sexy. I felt quite embarrassed but also turned on by it and wondered what it would be like to be someone's slave... until I realised that I pretty much was one already! Duh!

 My first task was to serve drinks and it wasn't long before I became the centre of some attention when it was apparent how much I was leaking down my thighs. 

As I walked around on my high-heels, I received numerous touches... grasps of my buttocks, squeezes of my breasts and even a few lifts of my skirt to reveal my ass in its naked glory. One woman even slid her finger into my pussy! It was so unexpected, I almost dropped the tray. She withdrew her finger and slid it into my mouth, so I was able to taste my self. I was disgusted and wanted to run, but I held my ground. She did it again, only this time the finger went in her own mouth. She looked me in the eyes as she seductively ran the glistening finger over her lips and slid it into her mouth.

 It's hard to explain really what it's like to be in a situation where one part of you is flushed with embarrassment and humiliation, screaming internally to run, get away, hide somewhere; and another part is as aroused as you've ever been, knowing you would never pass up such an incredible experience, feeling desperate to be fucked, but knowing you can't make a move to make that happen.

 When food was brought in, things started to ramp up for me.

 The finger-food was laid out on long buffet tables against one wall of the main room. Whether by accident or design I don't know, but the tables were wide and the food was placed close to the wall side, requiring one to lean over the table to reach the food. Before long it seemed like everyone was sending me to get them plates full of food. Which of course necessitated my bending forward at the waist at the edge of the tables. I was well aware that it exposed my ass-cheeks to the room, but there was nothing I could do about it.

 The number of hands groping my ass increased. Male and female! Before long it was more than gentle squeezing or groping. Hands and fingers were sliding forwards and backwards between my buttocks and along my pussy. Whenever it happened, I had to stop dead, mindful of Vida's instructions. But so many people were massaging my clit in the process that I could feel an orgasm building. Someone rather forcefully pushed my head down onto the table, bending me right over and holding my face flat to the cool surface, while they slid a hand between my legs and dragged a finger backwards through the slick of my pussy and, to my horror, placed the slippery digit against my anus and thrust it right into my rectum!

 There was a gale of laughter from room behind me and my face flushed even more hotly than before, sweat breaking out across my forehead. It was not only humiliating, but painful, uncomfortable and completely unexpected. I had never been penetrated there before and I didn't like it! For a brief moment I began to struggle to get away from the awful pressure until I remembered the rules. I lay still while the man thrust in and out for a few strokes, before releasing me.

 A few moments later as I found myself once again standing facing the table with a plate in my hand, I was approached on either side by a couple of young women. One was unmasked and she looked at me with a slightly supercilious look of amusement on her face. I glanced from left to right to look at them both, worried that I wasn't going to like what was about to happen.

 Simultaneously, as if at some unspoken command, they swiftly reached up to my head each grasping a tight fistful of hair. Simultaneously they yanked my hair down and forward, slamming me onto the table so that my face was pushed painfully into a plateful of some creamy, jellied desert. More laughter behind me. My skirt was flipped up onto the small of my back and held there. The sound of a belt buckle behind me. The short 'zzztt ' of a zipper being opened. A moment later the brutal thrust of a penis slammed into my vagina.

 "Ohhh! Ohh!" The unexpectedness caused me to draw breath. This was nowhere near the size of Severus and despite the brutality it felt wonderful. This was what I had been craving all evening, if not most of the day. I held myself still and allowed him to pump away at me, wondering how I could disguise my orgasm when it came... because I knew it would come and by now I didn't care. There was no way I was going to hold it back. The raven-haired bitch could go jump! She'd never be able to tell and she couldn't prove it even if she thought I had. Fuck her!

 But the bastard was a little worm of a man. Like a school boy. Pathetic! He barely thrust into me half a dozen times before he came, withdrawing and spurting his come all over my buttocks. Unceremoniously, he wiped himself on my skirt which he then tucked up into my belt to ensure my ass remained bare. The young women hauled me upright, still by the hair, and swiveled me around to face the room. There was much hilarity and sporadic clapping at the sight of me, face, hair and breasts covered in creamy desert and skirt rucked up at the back. 

I caught sight of Vida standing in one corner looking at me with a wry, amused smile on her face. A weird thing happened. I was still so angry with her and scared of her, but I felt a flood of humiliation as if it was worse than anything to be seen in this situation by her of all people. The old clich�, but I really did imagine for a moment the floor opening up and letting me disappear. 

Using the term 'flood' of humiliation seems appropriate, because it was accompanied by the other sort of flood - between my legs! I didn't know whether the drugs somehow linked humiliation to arousal or whether they just magnified enormously the humiliation fantasies I'd had in the past. I suppose it doesn't matter. The fact is, that after two more cocktails plied on me by Beat during the evening, I still needed to be fucked!

 +++

 Various humiliations continued throughout the evening. I was not allowed to clean myself and spent the rest of the time, hair awry, face sticky and buttocks exposed, enduring one slight or another. At one point, one of the female party-goers took a moderate sized zucchini from a vegetable display on the buffet table and thrust it into my pussy, insisting I walk around without it coming out. Needless to say, I looked and felt ridiculous as I tried to attend to my serving tasks and keep the zucchini in at the same time. 

It didn't last long. I couldn't hold it for more than a couple of minutes. I was tired and my calves were beginning to cramp from the height of the heels Vida had forced me to wear. When I finally let go, the green cylinder dropped to the floor, shiny and slick. More laughter, of course! My tormenter hissed in my ear "That's a rule you just broke! I told you to hold it! You're going to be sorry!", and she turned heel and strode away. I didn't even know who she was and she was acting like she owned me!

 Shortly after midnight, Beat approached me.

 "Go in there!" she demanded peremptorily. No explanation... just pointed to a room with a closed door.

 I made my way to the room, opened the door and slipped in quietly, shutting the door behind my back.

 There were about a dozen men and women in the room, surrounding a woman who was strapped naked on her hands and knees to a coffee table. She looked to be in her mid forties, plump, pale-skinned, with disheveled mousy brown hair, large breasts swaying beneath her. She was crying. Deep racking sobs. It didn't take much to work out what had been going on. She had gobs of semen over a good part of her body, concentrated around her rear end and face and hair. Her hair was parted at the back of her head, revealing a glistening trail of moisture along the back of her neck.

 The surrounding group were in various stages of undress and they all appeared cheerful and animated. Obviously, they were having a good time at her expense!

 The tableau was brightly lit, surrounded by arc lamps and 3 video cameras on tripods. I realised with a shock that this was the same room in which the 'porno' video was shot... the one that kicked off the evening a couple of weeks ago, when I had creamed all over my red dress. So, that had been real! Not just acted.

 I know I've probably seemed pretty naive, but I'm not stupid and I knew immediately that this was where I got to 'pose' involuntarily for the next level of blackmail.

 Despite my quiet entry, it wasn't long before I was noticed.

 "Ah! Here's the next toy!" said someone.

 In a moment, the plump woman had been un-strapped and dumped unceremoniously off the coffee table. She crawled away, still sobbing. A pathetic sight. I felt sorry for her. I thought that perhaps I should at least thank Vida for the drugs. At least I was going to enjoy this!

 I won't go into all the details of what happened next. It wasn't that much different from the video I had seen. I was dragged to the coffee table and strapped down in the same fashion as the other woman. My skimpy little maid's outfit was ripped apart, leaving me completely naked. Then I got fucked! One after the other, the guys took their turn. First in the vagina and then in my mouth. I soon found out what had caused the 'neck slick' on the sobbing woman. One of the women, a fiery red-head, took it upon herself to straddled my neck facing forward and lower her bare vagina and ass onto me. She would rub herself up and down my neck, all the while yanking my head back by the hair and digging her fingers into my cheeks, forcing my mouth to accept one or another of the various cocks. She must have come half a dozen times or more with great enthusiasm.

 And so did I! 

I gave up all hope of containing it and just went with it. Huge outpourings of sound and juices as my body was rocked by one wave of orgasm after another. Right now, I didn't really care about the consequences. My need was greater than that.

 Some twenty minutes into the episode, the door opened and a huge man stepped through. He looked to be about fifty, dark-haired, broad-shouldered and well over six foot tall.

 "Hey, it's Big Jim!" called the redhead on my neck. "Hiya, Jimbo... look at the tight little hotty we've got for you tonight!"

 She twisted my head around to show him my face. I could see that he had left the door ajar.

 "Hi, Red!" he responded. "How's it going?"

 He was wearing a mask and a long dark cloak. I guess he was supposed to be the Count of Monte Cristo, or some such. I didn't much care and even less so when he swept the cloak aside to reveal his nakedness underneath and the most enormous penis I'd ever seen. It must have been at least two inches longer than Severus and he was big enough as it was. Perhaps 10"? Who knows, I wasn't measuring. And it was thick with it!

 I was a bit scared for a moment. Except I was still so randy, I was sure I could have taken a horse. Actually, I almost wanted a horse!

 As the redhead got off my neck, he stepped behind me and with no decorum slapped the massive head of his penis against my cunt lips and started to push in. Thank God he didn't rush it! It took my breath away. The most wonderful, powerful fullness I'd ever experienced. By the time he had eased half of it in, I was gone. Forget the rules! I slammed myself back against him, feeling the full length of my vagina clasped like a tight sheath on the monstrous rod. Fully impaled, and my buttocks didn't even touch his thighs. My God! How big was this thing?

 We set up a wonderful, slow, long rhythm... in, out, backwards, forwards, back arched, back bowed. Before too many strokes I was literally screaming out my orgasm... cunt in spasms on his prick, thrusting, thrusting back towards him, thighs shaking with the strain, hair dripping with sweat plastered to my face, moaning, groaning, hands balling into fists as the waves of pleasure swept through me. My pussy was so tight around him, I was sure I could feel the movement of his semen coursing down his massive cock as it spewed his seed into me.

 As quickly as it began, it was over.

 My eyes felt glazed over, pupils wide as I rode the diminishing waves. He pulled out in one movement and I felt empty. Lonely even. Wow!

 He strode around in front of me and I could see that his penis was still powerfully erect, engorged, glistening, rope-like veins pumping. What kind of a freak was this?

 "Ready for the next course?" He looked my right in the eyes.

 "Yes. Yes, please... more... please," I groaned, eyes closing.

 He moved behind me and a moment later I felt the monstrous head placed firmly against my ass-hole. My eyes flew open in shock!

 "Wha..?! NO!" I shrieked.

 I had only ever had a finger up there and that was earlier on tonight. He would literally tear me apart!

 The nasty redhead leaped onto my back, this time facing by bottom, locking her powerful legs under my belly and squeezing to hold herself in place. 

"Yeah! Jimbo! Go for it! Do her ass!" she yelled.

 'Jimbo' didn't need any encouragement. He had already started to apply pressure. I could feel my anus being pressed inwards. There was no way I could take him. I freaked.

 "NO! NO! GET OFF ME!!! NOooooo....." I squealed as I tried to dislodge him.

 Like a whipcrack her voice came from the door. Vida! She had been watching the whole thing through the ajar doorway.

 "No, Jim! She's not ready for that yet!" A pause, followed by a softly spoken "And that prize is mine..."

 It was clear where the power lay. Jim backed off immediately.

 "Sorry," he mumbled. "I didn't realise..."

 Vida spoke again.

 "Beat... take her away."

 I hadn't even seen Beat standing behind me, but she came and un-buckled me and led me out of the room.

 +++

 Vida's bedroom. A huge room. Plush. Party over. 3am? 4am? I didn't know.

 I was still wired. Randy. Memories of the night flying through my mind. Still leaking!

 I was strapped face-down to a piece of low padded furniture set a few feet out from the foot of the enormous bed. It was somewhat like a large saw-horse. My legs were held firmly to the rear legs and my arms to the front legs. My breasts hung down on either side of the padded surface which had a scalloped shape at that point to accommodate them. One end of the padded surface ended at my groin, so my bottom and vagina were clear of any encumbrances. The other end finished just at the beginning of my neck... which caused a problem! 

I had been there in the softly lit room since Beat had brought me in and tied me down a couple of hours ago and there was effectively no support for my head. I had been letting it hang down but could only do that for so long before I developed a painful crick in my neck. It felt like I'd spent most of the two hours bobbing my head up and down trying to find a comfortable position for it. To make matters worse, I was thirsty. Probably moisture loss through all that perspiration.

 Finally, there was movement.

 Vida came in quietly. Not a word, nor even an acknowledgement that I was there.

 She disrobed in front of me, leaving herself facing me in black stockings and high-heels, but without another stitch of clothing.

 It was the first time I'd seen her without her body being defined by the clothes she wore. I knew of course that she was tall, trim and shapely, but nothing could have prepared me for the magnificence of her body. She was absolutely gorgeous! Once again, I felt completely outclassed. No wonder she was so full of confidence and assuredness. So would I be if I looked like that!

 Her high-heels put her over six foot. Her legs were long and strong and magnificent, with muscular calves, taut and sharply defined as if they were carved from marble. No doubt lots of gym work had gone in to shaping them! Thighs powerful but covered in enough soft silky-smooth flesh to still appear very feminine. Her mons was covered in a small triangle of immaculately trimmed pubic hair.&nbsp; Small waist, broad shoulders, big heavy breasts topped with large dark nipples which were now standing puckered and erect in the cool air of the bedroom. She had an extraordinarily beautiful face, framed as it was by her mane of sleek, glossy, jet-black hair. She could have been a super hero cartoon.

 She turned and bent to retrieve the dress she had dropped so casually on the floor, revealing a spectacular ass, big and round and fleshy but perfectly shaped and completely smooth, not a dimple or wrinkle to be seen.

 I felt a curious mixture of nervousness and elation. I was still wet and aroused from the drugs and the feeling was enhanced by a delicious sense of helplessness. It was as if, since I had no control over events right now, I wanted to be fucked in whatever debauched ways she could think up. I've never been attracted to women, but now it seemed as if any inhibitions I had were being suppressed by the circumstances. I didn't have to admit to myself or anyone that this was a big turn-on. If I hadn't been forced by blackmail and ropes to assume this position, I'd make a big fuss and probably storm out. As it was, I'd just have to put up with whatever she meted out and I hoped that she'd make it as kinky as she could. If I had to submit, at least it could be to something exciting that I'd never have the nerve to try on my own!

 She didn't leave me waiting long to find out.

 She tossed her dress into a container in the corner of the room and strode behind me, thigh muscles rippling and breasts swaying heavily. I watched from the corner of my eye until she disappeared from sight. I heard her pull out a drawer from under the bed and a few moments later the touch of her hand on my exposed ass. 

She stroked my ass cheeks, squeezing each one gently and then moving up to stroke the length of my back to my neck and then down again. She did this several times, murmuring in my ear "You sweet thing. You really do have a delicious little body". 

It felt so good and her flattery caused little goose-bumps of pleasure to run over my body. I relaxed and gave in to the sensations. 

She went on. "But your neck looks a bit uncomfortable. Would you like your head supported?"

 "Yes, please." I whispered.

 Immediately, I felt her tying what felt like a cord of some sort to the hair at the back of my head and the next moment my head was yanked up and back as she tied the other end of the cord to the broad strap that held me down at the waist. I felt even more helpless and uncomfortable than before, my head forced so far backwards that my lower jaw hung open.

 She sniggered softly and then moved around to my left side and stroked her right hand back down to my buttocks and gently pressed one finger against the pucker of my asshole. I gave a little gasp. I never let Phil touch me there and the feeling was intense, but quite pleasurable. Thank God she had saved me from 'Big' Jim's anal invasion. Even if she did plan to put her finger in me, at least she was being gentle and her finger was tiny compared with 'Big' Jim's monster cock.

 Her other hand moved up between my legs and started to feel around my sopping slit until her fingers located my stiff engorged little clit. She massaged it between thumb and forefinger whilst she continued to gently and sensuously stroke my back and ass cheeks. 

"So, Little Sparrow," she said, "What do you think of our game so far? The one you've lost the first round of..."

 "What?" I croaked through my dry open mouth, "Wha oo you mea..?"

 "The Game. Haven't you got it yet?" She paused. "It goes like this... I set you rules or tasks. You get to obey them or perform them successfully and you get rewarded. Like, maybe I give you multiple orgasms, or let you go home for a while. I decide the reward, but I might ask you what you'd like. If you don't obey or you can't do what you're told, I get rewarded." She paused again, and then went on. "What do you suppose my reward is?"

 "Umm. I on't ow," I said, puzzled.

 "I get to hurt you! Let's call it your punishment for getting it wrong. Punishment to teach you to do it better next time... but, just between you and me..." she leaned forward then and whispered seductively in my ear "... its really just because it turns me on! You know what that means...? It means I want to win. And if you start winning too often, I just lift the difficulty of the task for you. Neat, huh?"

 "ut at's no.. fair!" I&nbsp; grunted.

 "I knowwww....", she cooed, "but the great thing about having power is that you get to use it!"

 As she said that, she moved both her hands between my thighs and I felt her press something up against my clit. It felt like my clit was sucked into a little tube as if under vacuum and then a deep and powerful hum began and a throbbing vibration spread right through my sensitive little bud.

 The sensation was extraordinary. This was more powerful than any vibrator I'd used before, even the fantastic Hitachi Wand that had always been my favourite. 

She stood back and watched and in less than two or three minutes I could feel the powerful waves of another orgasm building. I started to gasp and moan as the orgasm built.

 She must have had some sort of control device, because the vibrating hum on my clit slowed and reduced in intensity. She stepped back, no longer touching me and I found myself thrusting backwards, desperately trying to push myself against something to get the relief I so needed. Juices were leaking down my thighs but she had timed it to perfection and I was left thrusting and twitching as I hovered excruciatingly just the wrong side of ecstasy, the mild vibration keeping me balanced on the edge, unable to go into it or back down to relieve me of the intense pressure.

 "Now!!" she said sharply, interrupting and distracting me from the delicious sensations. The vibrations slowed right down, as she manipulated the control, until I could barely feel them. "You broke all three rules tonight. That means three punishments. Tough for you, lots of fun for me!" As she did so, she slackened the cord attached to my fair so I had more play in my jaw to speak properly.

 "That's not right!" I gasped. I realised the time had come for me to pay for my wanton abandon earlier on with my 'Big Jim' orgasm, but I hadn't broken all the rules. "I know I moved and came, but I did everything I was made to do!"

 "Not quite, Sparrow... Almost, but not quite. You tried to stop one of my guests from putting his finger in your cute, plump butt. Just for a moment, I grant you. But that moment was enough. When I set a rule, you have to obey it exactly. Not 'almost', or 'when you're ready'!"

 "Oh!" I sighed in despair. 

"Never mind," she said, placing her hand gently on the small of my back, "we'll talk about it later. Just close your eyes now and focus on the feelings." 

I did as she bid, just as the vibrations ramped up again to a full insistent buzz. Within a few moments I was back to where I'd been, orgasm building as the powerful vibration spread its warmth throughout my wetness. 

"Ohhh! OH! Oh, Jeeezzzzz....yes, yes.... more, please MORE, oHHH, OHHHH..."

 To my left, I heard Vida's own deep breathing as if she too was following me to climax.

 Right on the verge of orgasm and I drew breath to let out a great scream of release..................

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 The whistling sound and the sharp crack entered my consciousness a fraction of a second before the stripe of fire and pain EXPLODED in my backside as she thrashed a cane of some sort across the very centre of my buttocks.

 The scream came, but it was not orgasmic. This was a scream of sheer agony as the lightening fire burst over my plump ass, focused in a thin streak which seemed to radiate outwards until my whole ass was bathed in hot pain. My body jerked involuntarily within the confines of the straps that held me down as I struggled to free my hands in an attempt to fulfill the reflexive urge to clutch my poor bottom. Somewhere in the dim recesses of my mind, I was aware of the ripple of flesh in each buttock as the cane struck.

 The scream petered out to an agonised moan and my approaching climax disappeared as if it had drained through the floor.

 But not Vida's it seemed. 

She moved in front of me, revealing that the cane in her right hand was not a cane but a vicious looking riding crop - long thin black and whippy! Her left hand was busily engaged in massaging herself between her legs as her body shook in orgasm. "Wow..... that was HOT!" she gasped.

 It took about 30 seconds before her shudders subsided and then she moved back beside me again and made some adjustment to the clit vibrator which become dislodged by my struggles.

 The powerful vibration began again and despite all my efforts to ignore it, my body once again responded. Within a few minutes I was starting to soar. However, on a few occasions as I got closer to climax, fear of the crop would flash into my mind and the feeling would subside a bit. Vida was patient. She remained beside me, gently stroking my back, watching and waiting for the pressure to build - which, inevitably, it did.

 I reached that point again, my body starting to shake, breathing in deep gasps as the crescendo began....

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Lightening fire exploded in my ass... a wicked stripe of the crop across my swollen ass-cheeks less than a centimetre below the last. The non-climax faded.

 Seven minutes, this time, for the pattern to repeat. But Vida was patient. More vibration, this time helped by Vida inserting a finger into me and scratching her fingernail lightly against the roughness of my G-spot.

 Again the building of the crescendo and....

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 A third stripe of burning agony seared into my fleshy buttocks.

 Twice more she repeated, patiently delivering a total of 5 stripes in about half an hour. And then, finally, blessed release...

 "O.K." she murmured "You can relax now... I'm going to let you come."

 Somehow, over the next several minutes I was able to let go of the terror of another strike and allow my body to do what it insisted on doing. I could hear myself groaning and gasping and I reached the point at which she had struck me on the previous occasions...... 

This time...Nothing, no blow from the crop! 

Thank God! 

It was over!

 I relaxed and gave myself fully over to a long drawn out, powerful, wrenching, orgasm.

 10 seconds in, right in the middle, right at the very peak........................

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 whhheeeeeeewwwwWHACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Five vicious swipes... swiftly... one after the other, across the previous five. Wheal upon wheal. Fire upon Fire. AGONY!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 But a most extraordinary thing happened! 

Pain and orgasmic pleasure combined into one ferocious, explosive, firework of sensation. A scream of pure bliss... seemingly was wrenched from the depths of my lungs... and my body locked itself into a steel-hard contraction - a whole-body spasm as every muscle clenched in pain and agony at the feelings tearing through me.

 +++

 "That's the first one!" It was Vida, whispering in my ear as my damaged, bliss- and pain-wracked body slumped on the saw-horse, head still held high by the cord tied to my hair, mouth wide, gasping for breath, completely and totally spent.

 "Wha? The first what?" I asked through wide open mouth.

 "The first punishment! That's for coming when you were instructed not to. Pain when you come... fitting, huh?"

 "NO! PLEASE!" I started to panic, struggling to get free. To no avail, of course. I couldn't take any more. 

"Please.... please... I beg you, I promise... I'll do it right next time... please, don't hurt me any more..."

 She said nothing, just moved around in front of me and walked sensuously away over to a deep timber chest against the wall. Her plump, perfect buttocks rolled roundly and then parted as she bent to retrieve something from the chest, flashing me a brief view of her puckered anus below which were the plump, red, glistening lips of her aroused pussy. She was obviously enjoying my discomfort intensely.

 Vida straightened and turned towards me, gazing straight into my eyes with a strange expression on her face. Her widely dilated black pupils indicated her own arousal, but there was something else there. A sort of half-amused, sardonic smile, overlaid with a dangerous glitter. She was holding something behind her back. She brought it slowly in front of her and held it upright against her naked stomach.

 It was a huge dildo. It could surely have been cast from Big Jim's own penis. It must have been 10" long, thick and flesh coloured, covered in unrealistically large ropey veins.

 Sensuously, she bent her head and dribbled a long stream of spittle onto the end, rubbing it all over with one of her long elegant red finger-nailed fingers. 

She strode past me and a moment later I felt her place the dildo against my slit. She thrust it slowly, but surely into me with a firm twisting motion, filling me till the head bumped against my cervix. At the same time the vibrator on my clit resumed it's previous strong rapid vibration. The dildo entered relentlessly and stretched me painfully. I could feel every ridge and hollow as it was thrust deeply into me, but somehow the combination of all the sensations centered on my pussy and clit transmuted the pain into the most intense orgasmic rush I had yet experienced. It seemed that every interaction this woman engineered with me resulted in more sublime feelings than the one before.

 I could hear someone wailing and realised it was me. Now I had something to thrust back against and thrust I did, as best I could strapped to the horse. Vida began pushing the dildo rapidly in and out, filling me with the thick battering ram. An intense fiery glow spread outwards from my clit to engulf the whole of my pussy and upper thighs and yet another orgasm rushed over my body, engulfing me in wave after wave of shuddering ecstasy.

 The waves of orgasm subsided, but my limbs continued to tremble. Vida slipped the monstrous shaft back out from my dripping pussy. 

And that was when she raped me!

 I felt her hand on my left flank and she leaned against me, supporting herself while I heard a rustle of movement next to my thigh. A moment later, she emerged into view, her back to me, with some sort of black leather harness dangling from the back of a wide belt strapped around her waspish waist. She reached between her legs to grasp the harness strap and pull it down between her buttocks and forward through her legs, sliding something attached to it up into her slippery pussy as she did so. She drew the end of the strap up and snapped it tightly to studs on the front of the wide belt. Now it look like she wore bizarre black leather bikini panties. A loud humming came from between her thighs.

 She gasped gently and briefly rubbed the leather where her clit would be. As she withdrew her hand I could see that there was a circular base plate set into the front of the leather against her pudenda.

 She reached beside me and picked up the dildo that had so recently sent me over the edge. In one swift movement, she placed the base of the dildo against the base plate and twisted it, connecting it securely to the leather harness.

 She took a step back and stood tall and straight, her muscular golden body like a goddess, marred by the obscenity of the massive thick member jutting out from her.

 "This is going to hurt a bit." She said.

 She paused. 

"Actually, I think it's going to hurt quite a lot!" 

Her voice was still sweet, deep and throaty but this time lacked its usual warmth. It was a false sweetness, saccharine, sarcastic, malevolence dripping poisonously from its syrupy tones. 

"But don't worry, Little One", she went on as she moved around behind me. "You can scream if you like. In fact, I want you to scream! I'm going to make you scream. You'll love it! It makes me so hot... and you love me to be hot... don't you, Baby?" 

She grabbed a fist full of my hair close to my scalp and yanked my head back, twisting my face towards her so I was forced to look into her eyes. "Don't you?!" she hissed.

 Using my hair, she forced my head up and down in a nodding motion.

 "That's so sweet of you!" she gushed. "I knew you'd want what's best for me. Oh, well... if you insist..."

 She directed her still-slick, monstrous prick to the cleft in my buttocks, sliding it between the fleshy cheeks and pressed it against my anus!

 I was terrified. In all the time that I'd been trapped by this woman into doing her bidding, I had transitioned through a range of deep emotions, from lust to elation to nervousness and fear. But the fear had always been about the future; about what would happen to me and my family; about how much more of this could I take. But this was real, direct, immediate fear. This woman was going to seriously hurt me, probably damage me for good! The huge dildo she'd just been fucking me with could barely fit in my pussy. It certainly wouldn't fit where she intended it to go now.

 My body seemed to react of its own accord. It leapt forward away from the dreaded strap-on. But of course there was nowhere to go. I was strapped down tightly, knees and hands roped to the bench, back held down with a belt to the padded horse, my thighs belted to the horse's legs. I barely moved an inch forward. Desperately, I swung my ass from side to side, feeling my buttocks clench with the effort, as I tried to avoid the massive head of the dildo. But the small sideways movement did nothing to dislodge the intruder pressed firmly to my virgin ring.

 In terror, I squeezed my ass cheeks together and clenched my anus tight.

 She laughed. A vicious throaty giggle. "Oh, I just love it! Seeing you squirm like the helpless little slut you are! You're a very, very naughty girl! Look! You've made me sopping wet already just thinking about your screams!"

 She released my hair and leaned forward, placing both hands on my shoulders. As she did so, the dildo pressed a bit more firmly against my clenched hole. She held me tightly and began to press forward harder.

 She paused.

 "Actually, that's not very fair, really, is it?" she said.

 I had no idea what she was talking about, until she went on.

 "It's not fair that you're tied down like that, to be raped! I think I should untie you. Give you a fair chance. Don't you think?" she asked sweetly.

 I stuttered. "Ye-es, yes please! Please! Please untie me and then let me go. I promise! I promise I won't say anything, if you let me go." I was so terrified, I babbled on about her letting me go, as if that was even remotely possible.

 "O.K. Why not?" She backed away from my ass and came around the front again, the massive prong swaying evilly in front of my face. In just a moment or two she released all the ties that held me bound to the padded surface. Slowly I moved my stiff and sore limbs to climb off the horse. I took a moment, pretending to straighten and stretched my tired legs, and then made a sudden dash towards the door!

 But, of course, Vida was waiting for that. Her left arm shot out and she grabbed a handful of my hair near the scalp, yanking backwards as she grasped my right wrist with her other hand and twisted it painfully up my back into a half-nelson grip. I yelped, in fear as much as pain.

 She was immensely strong, much more so than I. But I was panicked and that gave me a strength of desperation. Somehow or other I managed to yank my arm free and reached up with both hands above my head to grab her left wrist, trying to prize her fingers apart to release my hair, while I wriggled and struggled to get out of her grasp.

 "Oooohhhh! That's better, you little bitch!" she hissed sarcastically. "Fight back is good! Struggle is good! I love that!"

 She dragged me with one hand, sobbing and struggling, towards her enormous bed, the great swaying dildo slapping against my buttocks and thigh as she did so. At the bed, she still held me by the hair with one hand, while she piled up pillows in the centre of the bed with her other hand. I could feel myself becoming hysterical, breathing in quick shallow gasps. In an instant of clarity I knew I was doomed if I let her force my head down to the bed. I was just not strong enough to resist.

 Something snapped in me and I let go of her wrist and lashed out with both hands, viciously trying to claw at her face with my long fingernails. She whipped her head backwards and I missed her face but managed to dig deep scores into her neck with my right hand fingernails. 

Somehow, my left hand made contact with one of her big firm breasts and without thinking, I dug my fingers into the expanse of creamy flesh and squeezed hard! Even in my moment of panic, I was aware of what a deliciously sensual feeling it was. She let out a short yell and I squeezed the fleshy globe even harder and yanked it towards me. My fingers slipped on the sweaty skin and I ended up with her big, hard, erect nipple between my thumb and forefinger. I held the big rubbery nub and squashed hard, yanking it up and down viciously.

 The whole thing was a mistake I was to pay for dearly!

 She was stronger, fitter, bigger, taller and more masculine than me. Without a moment's hesitation she let go of my hair and slammed a rock solid fist deep into my stomach!

 The air wooshed out of my body and I was bent double in an instant, clutching my stomach, retching and heaving, trying to drag oxygen back into my tortured lungs.

 That was all the time she needed! She was all over me immediately, pummelling my body with her fists, kneeing me in the thigh and finally grabbing my hair again with one hand. With her other hand, she held her fingers out in a stiff flat blade and slammed it up between my legs so I ended up with four fingers thrust deep into my vagina. I screamed in shock. 

A moment later her thumb was thrust inside my asshole and she picked me up in both hands, by hair and pussy, and deposited me on the pile of pillows on the bed. She released my hair and leapt up on top of me, across my buttocks, pinning me to the bed with her weight. I squealed as the wheals on my whipped ass fired up again from the dull throb they had settled to. 

With one hand she reached out and opened a drawer in the bedside table and extracted a few coils of soft rope. I struggled to get free.

 "That's it, Baby, keep it up!" she snarled, as she grabbed my wrists and somehow managed to pull them behind my back and tie them together. 

"Come on, slut!" she said. "Open up for me! Relax that delicious little pucker... it'll hurt much less if you do... or would you like me to do it like this?!"

 She gave a vicious little jab forward with her hips. Only about an inch, but I grunted in surprise as the monstrous slippery head began to force open my anus. She thrust again, another inch, and I let out a little yelp as I felt my tender tight ring being spread apart.

 She paused. With my hands tied behind me, she took her time to drag me by the hair once again to the horse. She pressed a button on the floor with her foot and the horse raised a few inches until it was level with my hips. She slammed me forward and down by my hair, bending me at the hips over the horse.

 "That's it, baby. Let's have some noise!" She released my shoulder and slapped my right thigh hard as she leaned over me and pressed the dildo head once again against my anus.

 I was pressed even more tightly against the horse. Somehow my ass had resisted the initial penetration, but she continued to bear forward, putting her weight behind the freak shaft, gripping my shoulders more tightly, pulling back on them as she forced herself forward. The build up of pressure was dreadful. In slow motion, it seemed, I could feel the clenched muscle of my asshole being steadily forced open. I was panting in panic as the pain increased, my ring being stretched wider and tighter. Huge shuddering breaths forced themselves from me, accompanied by keening groans of distress. With each centimetre of forward movement it seemed my asshole doubled in diameter as the huge bulbous head was forced into me.

 I heard a soft snickering sound as Vida giggled at my panic. She was taking great delight in moving forward so slowly, knowing I couldn't resist, forcing me to feel every minute sensation of destruction.

 She paused again.

 "O.k., you little plump-assed slut! Are you ready?... Huh?... Are you ready to scream for me now?" She grabbed my hair again in one hand and twisted my face towards her so she could see the fear and panic in my eyes. She forced my head into a nodding motion with her tightly clenched fist. 

"Oh, well... O.k.... If you insist... Here we go then!!!"

 She let go of my left shoulder and hair and grabbed a handful of flesh on each side of my hips, squeezing them painfully tight.

 And then she thrust forward! A massive, short, sharp, jerk of a thrust! The monstrous dildo head ripped into the entrance to my bowels, my asshole wrenched ferociously almost to breaking point, stretched like a rubber band, pale and thin and tight, as it clenched around the shaft just behind the head which was now buried in my rectum.

 I screamed, just as she wanted, the sound reaching a crescendo as the full impact of the pain reached my brain. "Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!

 I'd never experienced pain like it. This was worse even than the crop. My ring felt like it was burning, tearing, and the heavy, thick, solid shaft filled me with a huge, dense weight. But I had no time to adjust.

 "Ooohhh... good girl!" she cooed in my ear. As she did so, she continued to push forwards, in one slow even thrust. 

I felt the head of the log boring deeper into me, filling me completely and pushing all before it in it's inexorable progress. My thin stretched ring was pushed slightly inwards, rippling over the false ropey veins of the dildo. Inch by inch she forced it into me. My scream faded into a terrified stuttering groan.

 "Ohhh..nnnnn...aaawwwww...nnnnnoooooo..... pleeeease.....!" I begged. "Pleeeeeeaase....no more... ooowww...."

 But still the shaft went deeper and deeper until Vida's thighs were pressed firmly against my own. She gave one more shove and the last inch or so went in. I could hardly breath. Partly panic and partly it felt as if the monstrous column was pushed all the way up to my diaphragm, preventing me from sucking air into my lungs.

 Vida withdrew in one long slow motion, dragging my asshole backwards as it slid over the slippery shaft. And then she slammed it back into me as hard and as fast as she could. Another scream of pain erupted from me.

 "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooo....ooooooohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!"

 Immediately she pulled back out and slammed back into me again. And then again. And again.

 She began a vicious brutal rhythm, in an out, hard and fast, her hips and thighs bouncing against my plump buttocks with each thrust forward. I continued to cry out and groan in pain as my asshole became hotter and more painful with the friction, as my bowels were pummelled by the massive heavy log inside me . Vida continued to grunt comments at me, encouraging me to scream or make more noise.

 I needed no encouragement. Up until now I could at least say that I had been intensely aroused by the various activities I'd been subjected to. But this was a brutal rape, pure and simple. Painful beyond words, terrifying and made all the more so by the obvious vicious sadistic enjoyment she was getting from it.

 Her rhythm picked up speed and her breathing became heavy and ragged. Clearly she was approaching orgasm. I couldn't wait! Desperately, I wished for her to finish! If I'd known what was to come, I wouldn't have wished for it!

 In four or five final heaving thrusts, she plunged the strap-on into me and let out a wail of release as she came.

 "Aaahhhh....aaaahhh... yessssss!!!"

 On the final thrust, she held herself tight against my thighs and ass, squeezing her buttocks together and jabbing the shaft rapidly an inch or two in and out of me as the waves of orgasm spasmed through her. At the same time she yanked my head back by the hair and delivered a series of smashing slaps to my cheek with her right hand and then punched viciously several times into my side with her clenched fist.

 "Yessss!!!" SLAP. "Yesss!!" SLAP. "Good Slut!!!" PUNCH. "Good Slut!!" SLAP.

 I screamed once more until, with a final punch to the side of my head, I passed out.

 +++

 I came to with a sharp acrid smell filling my nostrils.

 I was stretched out on my back on Vida's bed, wrists and ankles tied spread-eagled to the four corners. She was bending over me waving a small phial of something under my nose. Whatever it was seemed to be responsible for the burning sensation in my nose that had brought me groggily out of the safety of unconsciousness.

 "Come on! Come on, Sparrow!" She slapped me a few times back and forth across my cheeks, fortunately nothing like as hard as she had been hitting me before. Nevertheless, it was enough to sharpen up my awareness. 

"Huh?" I grunted. What was she saying?

 ""That was punishment number 2! That was for resisting a little poke in your backside with a finger. Punishment suitable for the crime, wouldn't you agree? Huh? Bet you wished you'd submitted straight away, huh? 

Well, punishment number three is for pushing yourself back against Big Jim when you were told to keep still. What do you suppose that punishment might be...?"

 I had no idea. I just knew I wasn't going to like it.

 +++

 End of Chapter 3. 

To Be Continued...









BUTTERFLY WINGS 
By Tcheena3

CHAPTER FOUR&nbsp; - A Strong Wind
�
As I lay on my back, spread-eagled and tied down to Vida's vast bed, my mind gradually came back to full awareness of the room. As it did, so too did the pain and terror of what had just happened to me. Just happened? I didn't really know. How long had I been out when I lost consciousness? What I did know was that my rectum burned fiercely, my buttock cheeks were still hot with pain, and a deep painful throbbing was going on in my bowels.
Vida arose from the bed and made her way towards the en-suite bathroom. When she reached the door she looked back at me over her shoulder. 
"Won't be long", she said. "Back soon. Don't forget to think about punishment 3!"
As if I could forget!
She left the door open and I could hear the lid of the toilet seat being raised and the rustle of stockings rubbing together as she seated herself. She was gone for about 5 minutes. Judging by that and the noises, it was more than a pee she had gone for. I heard the flush of the loo and a brief washing of hands and she was back in the room, striding over to the bed.
She stood looking down at me, hands on hips.
"So... hmmm... third punishment?" she murmured, as if thinking it over. "Well, you seem to like bums pushing back and forced penetration, judging by your efforts with Big Jim last night... so, let's have you doing it the other way around so you can see what it's like. That'll be useful for you. Plus you get to learn a bit about personal hygiene..." She paused. "My personal hygiene!"
Huh? I was still a bit dazed. What was she talking about?
She swiftly got up on the bed and knelt facing my feet. She swung one leg over my head so that she was straddling my face, knees pinning my shoulders painfully to the bed. I found myself staring up at her pussy and the large round buttocks hovering over my face.
"Clean me!" she snapped.
As she said this, she reached back to spread her ass cheeks and lower herself towards my face.
"Uhh!" I groaned. She clearly had not wiped herself after using the toilet and now she was expecting me to clean her with my tongue. The words were out before I could stop them... "Uhh! That's disgusting!"
Big mistake! She was off me in a flash, turned around and administered five or six hard slapping blows swiftly to my face with both open palms, whipping my face from side to side with each strike.
"Wrong, Bitch!" she swore as she paused. 
She looked genuinely angry. Not like she was toying with me this time. And then she began to slap again.
"You're a very slow" 
SLAP! 
"learner. You need to understand" 
SLAP! 
"that I own you now! I own everything about your life!" 
SLAP!
"Got it?" 
SLAP! 
"You'll learn to love every part of me, in time. But for now" 
SLAP! 
"all you need to learn is to ACT like you love every part of me!" 
SLAP!
"HAVE YOU GOT THAT??!"
I nodded feebly as tears sprang from my eyes and rolled down my temples. Then she was around again, and her big, smooth, fleshy ass was descending towards my face. 
"Clean me!" she ordered. "Inside and out!"
Once again her buttocks parted and I tentatively extended my tongue to begin the disgusting and humiliating task. I felt sickened as I lapped my tongue across her bitter and salty puckered anus. I forced myself to lave across it several times and licked reluctantly along each cheek close to her asshole, removing any signs of streaks and crud. She moaned softly, a pleasurable sigh, and lowered herself a fraction more. Her intention was clear. I stiffened my tongue and forced it upwards directly into the center of the puckered hole. Somehow, her anus seemed to relax, allowing my stiffened tongue to enter. 
She lowered further until the rim of her hole was placed right on my lips. "Suck as well!" she demanded.
I pursed my lips around the raised puckered entrance and sucked it into my mouth, whilst forcing my tongue further inside. I felt the bile rising in the back of my throat and an almost overwhelming desire to vomit. But I could guess what the consequences of that would be and somehow I forced myself to continue, even trying to pretend I was enjoying it.
Surely the better a job I did, the quicker it would be over?
I continued for a few minutes, sucking and slurping, thrusting my tongue firmly up into the yielding elasticity of her backside, licking around inside her rectum.
Judging by noises she was making, she was enjoying the process.
"Oh, yesss... you're good at this aren't you, you little slut?" she hissed. Her breathing was getting deeper and more ragged. 
Soon she was bouncing gently up and down on my face with a kind of slithering, twisting, grinding motion, making sure my tongue stayed firmly up her ass whilst squeezing my face between her buttocks and sliding her now sopping pussy in small circles against my chin. 
It was getting harder to breath as the flesh of her plump ass seemed to flow right over my face, covering nose and mouth. I struggled to keep going. My tongue was tired, I was nauseous and deep inside me a pit of some primeval emotion, filled with horror and despair, was threatening to well up and engulf me in racking sobs and tears.
Vida appeared to be oblivious to my despair. An orgasm was clearly ramping up inside her and her movements were getting stronger and more pronounced. Soon my tongue became dislodged and she bore down heavily on my face, smothering me, sliding her dripping cunt backwards and forwards across my mouth and nose, capturing both orifices inside the steamy wetness of her slit, squeezing hard with thighs and buttocks.
I was trapped by her strong muscular body and now unable to breath at all. I was struggling in panic, desperate to clear my nose or mouth, but she just clamped harder, sliding in small jerky movements back and forth on my face, capturing me between sweating fleshy ass cheeks, forcing herself harder upon my face, nose jammed right up inside her and blocked by her juices. By now, my arms and legs were jerking around in involuntary struggles in an attempt get free and breath some air. I was trying to thrash my face from sided to side. But to no avail.
The last thing I remembered before losing consciousness, once again, was the sound of her voice wailing up into a crescendo as she came.
+++
Once more, the 'smelling salts', if that's what they were, brought me back to the real world.
I had been untied, but was still lying on her bed. As soon as Vida saw that I had come around, she dragged me by the hair and dumped me, unceremoniously, and without a word, upon the floor. She climbed into bed, pulled the sheet around her and within a minute appeared to be asleep.
All the emotion of the last weeks erupted from me. I lay on the floor sobbing, face covered in Vida's come and the foul smelling contents of her ass that still filled my nose.
As the sobs gradually subsided, I felt a firm resolve take their place. For the first time in days, I felt the strength to deal with the situation. That was it. No more.
I would never be forced into such disgusting behaviour again. In a moment of clarity, I saw what the impact would be on our lives when my behaviour was made public.
But I realised it didn't matter. All that was important was to be back with my husband Phil, in his arms, someplace far from here. We could both start again... new jobs, new community, even new names if need be. I knew our niece Libby would be ashamed of us, but I also knew that in time, all could be healed.
I got unsteadily to my feet and looked around. Vida was still fast asleep.
I moved to one of the massive built-in wardrobes and opened it quietly. Swiftly, I selected some track-suit pants, undies and a t-shirt.
Too big for me, of course, but better than my skimpy maids outfit. I got dressed and left the room, padding softly down the corridor. 
The house was quiet and dawn was just breaking, faded grey light washing the walls.
Having made my decision, I felt so free! It was like being on the first day of a vacation. I rounded the next corner almost cheerfully...
...and ran straight into Severus and Beatrice!
It happened immediately with no hesitation, no ceremony, as if they had been expecting me, which I found out later they had been.
Without a word, Beat grasped my wrist, twisted it up behind my back, grabbed a handful of hair and forced me to my knees. She pushed my head down till my forehead was against the floor and my bum raised up. Then she sat down heavily on the back of my neck, facing Severus who was now kneeling behind me. I felt a terrible pain from her weight on my neck, and my face was forced sideways till my right cheek was squashed against the floor, with my left cheek now supporting her right buttock.
She grabbed both wrists, forcing them behind my back and up towards my neck, while Severus yanked my pants and undies down to my knees, thrust his big erection into my pussy, and proceeded to pound vigorously into me. Thank goodness it wasn't into my ass. Nevertheless, it was still painful as his hips and thighs slapped against the weals on my recently thrashed buttocks. Beat meanwhile slid herself heavily up and down on my neck and face, her buttocks leaving a slick and sweaty trail on my upturned cheek.
It was over in a matter of minutes, both of them coming almost at the same time, and I was left sprawled obscenely vulnerable on the floor, ass raised and thighs slicked with� Severus' dripping semen.
Beat stood up and pushed at my hip with her foot, almost but not quite a kick. I toppled onto my side and she pressed down with her foot, rolling me further over onto my back. She leaned over me, peering into my face until she had my attention and, with a sardonic grin, slammed her fist straight into my stomach. The breath whooshed out of my lungs and my throat seemed to lock up, unable to let more air in or out. 
In my wretched (or should I say 'retching'?), incapacitated state, Beat seized my hair in her strong hand and proceeded to drag me, on my back, along the corridor, all the way to Vida's bedroom. She knocked gently on the door and paused. 
There was no response, initially, and she rapped harder. A sharp, irritated, grunt came from within: "Come!"
Beat opened the door and dragged me in. Vida was still in bed, of course, and looked half asleep and very annoyed.
"We stopped the bitch trying to escape!" proclaimed Beat, smugly.
"Oh, for God's sake!!" snapped Vida in reply. "Did you wake me up just to tell me that? Did I ask you to do that?!"
For the first time since I'd known her, Beatrice looked distinctly uncomfortable. In fact, although I found it hard to believe, she actually looked a bit scared.
"N..no..." she stammered. "I'm sorry... I thought..."
"I didn't ask you to think about her, you idiot!" Vida interrupted. "Let her go! She'll be back here soon enough. And, besides, I've got a surprise for her when she gets home. Now, piss off and let me get some sleep!! I'll talk to you about this interruption later!"
Beat shuffled backwards out of the room, looking stricken and mumbling about being sorry. She pulled me out with her and gently closed the door. I noticed that Severus had surreptitiously stayed out of sight in the corridor and Beat glared at him. Then she turned her vicious gaze on to me. Her eyes seemed to bore into me and I knew I'd made a bad enemy, even though it was hardly my fault she'd chosen to go bumbling into Vida's bedroom.
"You'll pay for this, Bitch!", she hissed.
She pushed me ahead of her down the corridor and delivered a nasty kick between my legs.
I fled!
+++
It was mid-morning by the time I arrived home. Much of my trip had been spent wondering how I was going to deal with telling Phil about everything that had transpired and what his reaction would be. I had three days before he returned on Wednesday to somehow hide the worst evidence of my mistreatment, otherwise he might get really angry and do something stupid. Not to me, but he'd probably try and go for Vida somehow. But she was too dangerous for that. We just needed to pack up and get out of there.
I stumbled exhausted up the steps of our porch and let myself into the house. 
To my shock, Phil was home!
He was standing at the kitchen bench drinking some juice. He looked as surprised as I was, but all I could think was "My Knight in Shining Armour!" I leapt at him, flung my arms around him, laying my head on his powerful chest, and burst into tears!
"Oh, thank God!" I sobbed, "You're home!" 
I squeezed him tight but he didn't reciprocate. He just let out a gasp of pain and tried to ease himself out of my arms.
"Oh, I'm sorry", he breathed "... that hurts a bit!"
"What? Why? What's happened?... Why are you home so early? Is everything o.k.? ...Was your trip cancelled? Do we need to..." The questions poured out of me.
"Hush! Hush!" he interrupted. He gently disengaged my arms from around him and then hugged me� in return.
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry... I've made a complete mess of things." he said.
"W..what do you mean?" I stammered. This was all wrong. I was the one that should be apologising to him!
"I'm sorry." he repeated. "I've fucked things up big time! I don't know how to say this, but..." he paused. "Well... I did something really stupid... and now Vida is blackmailing me!"
It was bizarre. I should have been horrified. But all I felt was an overwhelming sense of relief! It wasn't just me who had screwed up! We really were in this together.
"It's o.k.! It's o.k.!" I said. "I know all about it. She did the same to me!"
"What?" he responded, sounding really puzzled. "What do you mean? What did she do?"
"You know... the drugs... the aphrodisiac to make us horny, the crazy parties..." I tailed off as I saw the expression on his face. He had no idea what I was talking about. "It's alright!" I went on. "It doesn't matter what you did. Let's just go. Now! We can leave it all behind and start new somewhere else..."
"No." he said, heavily, with despair in his voice. "I'd go to jail..." he whispered. "She's already beaten me..."
He turned around and gingerly took his shirt off. Now I was horrified! If I thought my injuries were bad, Phil's were far worse. His whole back had been shredded... a mish-mash of whip lash cuts in all directions, caked with dried blood and still oozing red in places.
Slowly and with trepidation he told me his story. It sounds straightforward when I recount it, but Phil told it in a non-linear way. Lots of pauses as he sought for the words to make it sound less awful. He even stammered and flushed bright red in embarrassment on a few occasions as he tried to explain.
He had been drugged in circumstances similar to my own. Under the influence of them it hadn't taken Vida long to discover where Phil's sexual interests really lay. It turns out they were somewhere completely different from what I knew of him. Apparently he fantasised about dominating women and inflicting pain - spankings and whips and all that clich�d stuff. He referred to it as 'BDSM'. On the third or fourth supposed 'business trip' that he'd been away on, Vida had encouraged him to indulge in a "session" with a young woman whom she introduced as her niece. Vida had explained that her niece was a submissive and a bit of a 'pain slut'. Phil could hardly believe his luck. It had always been fantasy up until now and suddenly he had the opportunity to do it, safely, for real.
Vida's niece, Candice, looked to be about 18 or 19. Quite unlike Vida, she was blond, short and a bit plump in a sexy girl-next-door way - big bum and big tits, as Phil described it. Vida had said that he needed to make his own arrangements with Candice about what was acceptable to her and what wasn't, but that they could use one of the basement rooms in Vida's house that had been set up to look like a dungeon.
To Phil's delight, Candice said that she wanted to be really hurt... that was the best way for her to get the most intense orgasms. But she liked a bit of role playing with it. She had a specific scenario she wanted him to act out with her. She was to be his involuntary captive and she wanted him to drag her kicking and screaming to be tied up and then whip her and fuck her and torture her breasts. Apparently she had made a strong point of one particular aspect. She would have a 'safe' phrase - "Susan says". It used her middle name, so she wouldn't forget it! If she spoke the phrase, he was to stop what he was doing immediately and release her.� 
But - and here was the twist - she wanted to imagine that her safe word was being ignored. So, she selected a secondary safe word - "Delta". If she screamed this, or any words other than "Susan says", he was to ignore her pleas. "No matter what I say!!!" she demanded. "I mean it... only 'Susan says... '. o.k.?!"
So Phil had agreed.
But there was a problem, Phil explained to me... 
The following day, once the "session" was all over, Vida had shown up and produced Candice's birth certificate. It showed that she was actually just under eighteen! Statutory rape! What's more, it wasn't just a matter of Vida threatening to report Phil for what was actually a voluntary act. Candice herself agreed she would to go to the police and claim she had been raped by Phil, unless he agreed to Vida's demands.
"What demands?" I asked.
"Three of them, actually." he replied. "Firstly, that I submit to testing some of her body-modification genetic research! Specifically, being a human guinea-pig for some drugs that LLS have under development. Secondly, I had to allow Candice to return the favour, so to speak." He grunted... "That's how my back ended up like this! It seems she likes inflicting pain even more than receiving it!" He paused. "Anway, umm... the third thing... umm..." He hesitated again. "We're supposed to become her slaves..."
"Slaves?!" I exclaimed. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"I'm not quite sure. I just know it doesn't sound good."
"Why me?! What have I got to do with it?"
"I know... I'm sorry..." he stammered in apology. "But, please..."
"Please, what?!" I retorted sharply. This was going from bad to worse.
"Please... help me. I'm really fucked! I'll go to jail." He was almost in tears.
I was getting angry now. Fucking Bitch! How dare she. And even worse - fucking bastard! He fucks up and expects me to become a slave to some fucking cow because he's too fucking stupid to see what going on. Thinking with his fucking dick, as usual!
"I don't see why I should!" I snapped. "And, anyway, surely, its just your word against theirs... Vida wasn't even there!" 
"I know," he replied. "But they've got it on video. Even if I could prove it was voluntary on her part, which I can't, she's underage anyway. Oh, fuck... what have I done...?" he moaned, sitting with his arms hugged tightly around his raised knees, rocking backwards and forwards.
Dear God... how fucking stupid could he be? I thought. I felt anger boiling up inside me. I might have been slutty under the influence of the drugs, but at least I didn't do anything illegal. This was really serious. It would destroy us if we couldn't find a way to get out from the bitch's clutches. We couldn't just move to another city and start over... not with law enforcement involved.
"How do you know they've actually got a video?" I asked.
"She gave it to me on DVD", he whispered.
"I want to see it!"
"No, please. Don't! It's horrible. You won't like it. I'm so ashamed..."
I insisted and very reluctantly Phil produced the DVD.
He was wrong. It wasn't just horrible. It was the must disgusting, depraved, hideous and frightening thing I'd ever seen. As I sat, eyes glued to the screen watching the action, my blood ran cold. It felt like something died inside me. All the love I had ever had for Phil just drained away. It was the weirdest feeling and it would never have seemed possible if someone had told me beforehand that I'd be out of love with my husband within half an hour. But its true. It happened... just like that. I was watching an animal. The Phil I knew left me then and I literally had the physical sensation of all my feelings for him seeping from my body. It left me cold and empty. And scared.
It was terrifying to watch. The only thing I could possibly say in his defence is that Candice looked older than her 17 years. I'd have put her at 21 or 22. If she really had volunteered, then... But I couldn't believe that anyway, after watching the scene unfold in front of me.
She was beautiful, wide-hipped, skinny-waisted and voluptuous. Big ass and big tits with the smoothest, creamiest pale skin imaginable. She was naked. So was he.
The room they were in was dungeon-like and, apart from it being well lit, it could have been a film set from countless past movies. There was no introduction. The video cut straight in with Phil dragging her by a fistful of blonde hair, kicking and screaming, towards a device in the middle of the room that comprised two short narrow, padded benches, set parallel to each other slightly wider than shoulder-width apart.
He was sporting an enormous boner, his full 7 inches massively erect. In moments he had hauled her, struggling violently, up onto the benches on her knees, so she was straddling the space between the two benches. He punched her in the stomach causing her to bend forward, clutching her abdomen. In the brief pause of her struggles, he swiftly used three straps on each bench to secure her legs to the padded surface - one strap behind each knee, another across the back of each calf and a third at her ankles. He yanked the straps tight and she cried out in pain as they bit cruelly into her flesh. Gripping her neck tightly from behind, he forced her forward, bending her further at the waist until her forearms were lying along the benches, where he strapped them as well.
She was in a horribly vulnerable position,� spread thighs exposing her ass and pussy to his coming ministrations. Her back sloped downwards towards her neck, placing her face at just the right height to accept his penis whilst he stood. She was whimpering with fear.
I'm not going to spell out in detail everything he did. I was shocked. He began by beating her big creamy buttocks with a cane. She screamed and screamed as each strike cause her plump flesh to quiver, and raised a vicious red wheal across the white skin. A dozen times or more he thrashed her. Her body thrust forward as far as her bound limbs would allow, in an attempt to escape the deadly instrument. Her cries escalated in volume and panic.
"Please! Please! ... No more!, NO MORE!, PLEASE!!! I BEG YOU!!!! DELTA!!!!!!!!!!!!! DELTA!!!!!" she screamed out the safe word.
He continued his thrashing.
"I mean it! REALLY! I mean it! Safe word!!! SAFE WORD!!! DELTA! DELTA! PLEASSSSSEEEEE..................."
It seemed pretty clear that she had really had enough, but he ignored her pleas. That was when I seriously started to doubt his tale about the 'secondary safe word'. It just didn't make sense. This was too real. I couldn't believe she would put herself through that sort of pain, even if her goal was blackmail. It didn't look like acting to me.
He paused for a moment in his attack on the girl, out of breath, his big red erection swaying, dripping pre-cum. Then he climbed up onto the benches himself, standing upright facing her striped backside, with his knees straddling her skinny waist. He gripped her waist tightly between his legs and shuffled forward, forcing her hips and ass backwards so that her buttocks tightened and the fleshy cheeks parted, her butt-crack opening and spreading wide to reveal her puckered pinky-brown anus. She whimpered in further panic. She must have known what was coming!
Taking his time, he raised the cane high above his head and brought a devastating blow swishing down into the crack of her ass to land directly across the puckered rosebud at its centre. Her cry was more of a shriek of agony and she almost toppled him over as she involuntarily yanked herself forward in a belated attempt to avoid the pain. He just managed to hold himself upright and shuffled forward once more, forcing her buttocks to spread open again. Twice more he thrashed her asshole leaving it red, swollen and obviously painful. 
Then he leapt from the benches, discarding the cane on the floor as he grasped his cock with one hand and spread the pre-cum over its head the other. In a moment he was behind her, the head of his cock pressed against her anus. He grasped her hips in both hands and, in one savage move, thrust the full length of his penis into her backside. She reared up in shock, at least to the extent her bonds allowed, and emitted another horrific scream of pain and panic. Phil had a sadistic grin on his face. Ignoring her pain and terror, he proceeded to pump her ass viciously with his swollen member. In no more than thirty seconds he let out a great cry of exultation as he came, withdrawing at the last moment to spew his thick spunk over her back.
That whole sordid episode, from first cane strike to withdrawal, was over in no more than about 10 minutes. But Phil's savage treatment of Candice didn't stop there. He spent nearly an hour and a half with her. It seemed that the initial thrashing was just a warm up and it gradually got worse from there. He fucked her face, thrusting the cock that had been buried in her rectum only minutes before down her throat. He jammed himself tight against her face, penis buried deep, forcing her to gag, unable to breathe, struggling in a panicked attempt to draw breath and stop the vomit that must have been rising in her throat.
At once stage he even thrust a long needle, like a hat pin, through both her breasts. He squeezed each large tit, in turn, until the flesh was taut and swollen, and then pushed the needle slowly in from one side out through the other. He repeated it on the next breast so that the needle was skewering both at the same time. Then he looped a chain around each end of the needle and hauled upwards with a pulley until she was on tip-toes, arms tied behind her back, supporting most of her weight from her stretched breasts. Then he proceeded to whip her breasts. 
The depravity went on. Only a truly sick mind could have even contemplated such behaviour, let alone carried it out. When he was finally through with her, he dismissively wiped his cock clean on hair, leaving her sobbing in a heap on the floor as he left the room.
I felt nauseous. Stunned. Lost for words.
+++
We didn't speak for several hours after that. 
I had thought my world had been unsettled before, but this was devastating... it felt like I was struggling to make headway against a gale that made my previous problems no more than the irritation of a light wind disturbing me.� As far as I was concerned, I had lost my partner, the love of my life, the one person that could have helped us out of this predicament. Instead he had made it worse. Ten times worse. I had no idea where to turn, what to do, how to escape from this terrible trap that had been laid.
However, during the hours of my internal ponderings about our fate, I came slowly and steadily to the realisation that I was in fact far more resilient than I gave myself credit for and my position wasn't as bad as I thought. I recalled that I had already made a decision and steeled myself to escape from Vida's clutches. Yes, I had been totally thrown by Phil's early return home and his distressing admissions. But the more I thought about it, the more I realised that Phil's betrayal of me had actually sown within it the seeds of my own escape. I didn't love him any more. I despised him. It didn't matter what happened with Vida... Phil and I were over anyway. 
Vida wanted us to become her slaves. And Phil had dug the pit so deep, it seemed we had no option but to acquiesce to her demands. 
Until I stopped saying 'we'. 
Phil was the one who had broken the law and done something despicable. I could never forgive him for that. He deserved to be punished, but I didn't deserve it. So why not let him take his punishment without me? I know I had done things I was totally ashamed of, but nothing illegal. I could run. Hide somewhere remote. Start a new life. Noone would know me. I didn't need Phil. What was there to stop me?
That night, I insisted that Phil sleep in the spare room. In the early hours of the morning I quietly packed a large case with clothes and other belongings and left.
I drove the BMW and never looked back.
+++
End of Chapter 4. 
To Be Continued...










BUTTERFLY WINGS 
By Tcheena3
&nbsp; CHAPTER FIVE �- A Gale
&nbsp; Two weeks had passed since I'd left home. 
I'd traveled long distances in that time. I still felt mildly nervous, but as each day passed I began to feel more free of the dreadful weight that seemed to oppress me. I still had no reservations about leaving Phil. Despite all our years together, I found I felt nothing for him after what he had done.
 I had only briefly been in touch with my niece Libby and my parents - postcards mailed the day I'd left, just saying that I had split up with Phil and needed some time alone and would contact them later. But it was still too soon for further contact. I needed to settle somewhere and work out how I could be in touch without revealing my whereabouts to Vida and her organization.
 I returned to the motel in the early evening. I'd been staying there for two days now. It was nice. Homely. I felt safe and I'd started to explore the surrounding area. This had the feel of a place where I could settle down. 
As I passed the reception area on the way to my room, the woman in the reception area hailed me. "There's a package been left for you!" she called.
 My heart leapt into my mouth. Who could be leaving a package for me? I was using a false name and I had been existing on cash for at least a week now. I relaxed slightly when I saw that it was just addressed to 'The Occupant of Unit 8'. Yes, that was me, but it must be a mistake. It must have been left for the previous occupant.
 Nevertheless, I was a bit curious and rather than hand it back, which I knew I should have done, I accepted it and took it to my room. I could always take it back after I'd had a peak to see what sort of things got delivered to 'unit occupants'. I would just claim that it was a mistake and not for me after all!
 To this day, I'm still not sure whether I would have been better off ignoring the package.
 It was definitely for me! The question is, how would things have panned out if I'd never seen the contents? Once I'd seen them, it was too late. My course of action, and what resulted, was out of my control.
 +++
 I had a shower and a light supper before settling on my bed, in my dressing gown, to indulge my curiosity over a stranger's 'mail'. 
It was actually hardly what you'd call a package. Really more of a large padded envelope. Inside was a DVD, with nothing written on it to indicate its contents, and a smaller, bulky, sealed envelope. I could hardly wait to see what was on the DVD. 
Hopefully something saucy! 
Despite the horrors of my time with Vida and what had followed Phil's 'episode' (as I called it in my mind), I found myself frequently coming back to the events at Vida's mansion. I had discovered that just thinking about the humiliation I'd endured, even in the absence of the stimulating drugs, would make me wet with arousal. I'd never been aware before that such things turned me on. Now, though, thoughts of being forced to be a plaything to Vida's guests made me immediately wet. Even the savage scenes in her bedroom when she raped me anally, had me hot and flushed. It was hard to remember the pain, not that I wanted to - what I wanted was the feeling of being controlled... helpless... humiliated.
 I did consider that my arousal might have been a residual effect of the drugs she'd given me, but really it only happened whenever I actually thought about the things that turned me on. It wasn't just a physical effect that was in my body all the time, so I didn't really think it was the drugs. I had never had a particularly active sexual imagination. Fantasies hadn't featured largely in my life, but in the past couple of weeks I'd found myself fantasizing about humiliating scenarios and masturbating to climax at least two or three times a day. I was rather hoping that the DVD might provide an external source of excitement for one of my daily 'sessions'.
 Hah! In my dreams!
 I popped the DVD into the player and lay back to watch.
 My blood ran cold. The scene opened with a handheld-camera view of my parents opening their front door in response to a knock. Broad smiles of welcome on their faces as Libby came into view and gave them both a warm hug. Then she turned and brought Beatrice into the frame! She introduced Beat and Severus as "my good friends" and moments later a male hand appeared and shook my fathers. Obviously, it was not a handheld camera. Perhaps it was secreted in his clothes because the view from then on moved as he moved and always stayed about chest high.
 They all entered the house chatting away cheerfully. It became apparent over the next few minutes that this had been planned and they were all there for afternoon tea at my parents' invitation.
 The video lasted about an hour, but there were only 2 minutes of real significance.
 Everyone was outside on the back patio having tea. Severus arose and asked for directions to the toilet. He moved back into the house but, instead of turning left to where I knew the toilet was, he turned right into Mum &amp; Dad's living room. He strode swiftly to the entertainment centre, producing a DVD as he walked, and popped the DVD into the player below their large plasma TV.
 A moment later a crisp, clear, well-lit scene appeared on the screen. I knew what it would be even before I saw it. It was a video of me at Vida's house on the evening that I'd been used as a fuck-toy in the room off her main living area, during her party. I was centre stage on hands and knees, being fucked front and rear, whilst the red-haired woman brought herself to orgasm sliding up and down on my neck. On the floor behind me, slightly out of focus, lay the plump blond woman who had preceded me. She was sobbing. 
Severus kept the camera trained on the TV for about 2 minutes, during which time various scenes taken from the room had been spliced together, all of which showed me in thoroughly degrading positions but obviously enjoying myself.
 I started to panic, willing him to turn it off before Mum or Dad showed up. Stupid, I know, since it had obviously been happening some days ago. 
Anyway, fortunately for me, he removed the DVD after a couple of minutes and turned everything off. Then he held the DVD itself up in front of the camera. Printed on it's surface were the words: "Copy 7, for ...." with my parents names on it. 
The message to me was loud and clear! Vida knew where I was; she knew where my parents lived; she had even somehow engineered it so that Libby was treating Beat and Severus as friends and inviting them to family social events; and she would distribute copies if I didn't comply with her demands. I suppose that I should have realized that with her wealth and power and resources, hiding from her would take more than just withdrawing cash and driving off into the blue. So, what was I to do?
 I picked up the smaller sealed envelope and opened it. It contained a handwritten note on a single sheet of paper that was wrapped around a bundle of $100 bills. $5,000 in total.
 "You're invited to dinner on Saturday the 30th, 7:30 for 8pm. Important guests, wealthy. Make sure you dress well - appropriate for the occasion! Don't disappoint me.
 p.s. hubby has a very big surprise for you! :) "
 No signature, of course. It was all very anonymous.
 She was so devious. She had just ordered me back at the same time as telling me that having more cash wasn't going to help me escape. And then she'd added a substantial fillip to excite me - effectively saying "Go and buy yourself a new outfit, and spend big on it...".
 I should have been devastated. But surprisingly I wasn't.
 All I could think of was returning and being taken under her wing. I felt a tremendous sense of relief. I had been running on fear and adrenaline for the past two weeks - my stomach an almost constant knot of tension. Suddenly everything was being taken out of my hands and I could just give in to events. Then I wouldn't really have a problem any more. I'd just do as I was told. No fighting or struggling against circumstances, worrying about what was going to happen. No panic about my family and friends finding out as long as I played along.
 If I was really honest, I'd have to admit that I was also suddenly very wet! A big part of my feelings on reading the note were not just relief but a tingling sense of sexual anticipation.
 I'm ashamed to say that I immediately re-watched the brief video a few more times and brought myself to two crashing orgasms!
 +++
 I had over a week to return to the city to prepare for Vida's dinner party. I arrived with a couple of days to spare to shop for my outfit. I booked into a nice hotel because I couldn't face the risk of returning home and bumping in to Phil. Then I spent my last two days of freedom in holiday mode, going from expensive boutique to expensive boutique trying on all manner of outfits.
 I couldn't stop imagining myself in numerous compromising positions, with a variety of people, in a variety of costumes at Vida's dinner. Which didn't make it any easier to shop! When you're trying on very expensive skimpy little dresses and almost non-existent lingerie, it doesn't help to be wet and sticky. 
Being strapped down to the dining room table and fucked seemed to feature largely in my fantasies. So I found myself drawn to short little numbers that barely covered my buttocks, and would certainly be very revealing if I bent over.
 Towards the end of the first day's shopping, I managed to get myself into strife.
 I was in small exclusive shop named, of all things, Parisienne Domme. Although I had found some stunning clothes during the first half of the day, none of them were risqu� enough for the image I thought Vida expected of me. Which is why I ended up in that particular boutique. The window displays featured garments that would not have been out of place on a high-class call-girl. Lots of black, fine leather accoutrements, outrageous heels, silver jewelry and the like. It sounds a bit trashy stated like that. But not at all. The place exuded class and refinement.&nbsp; 
I was the only customer in there in the middle of the Friday afternoon. The manager, who I assumed was also the owner, was an elegant small dark haired woman of about 45 with a husky voice, a strong French accent and a very haughty demeanour. She was well-dressed and wearing expensive-looking earrings. Despite the fact that I had plenty of money to buy an outfit, I still felt as if I didn't belong in her class. I actually felt mildly intimidated.
 She asked curtly what I was after. I said I wasn't sure, but explained about the dinner I was going to the following night and that I might well find myself the centre of attention. She 'tut-tutted' and shook her head disapprovingly. Nevertheless, she selected several dresses with a slightly annoyed air. She would not let me take them into the changing room on my own. Instead, she hung them outside the door and brought one item in at a time.
 "I'll help you," she said gruffly in her thick accent.
 She hung the new item on the wall inside the cubicle, turned to me and, without so much as a 'by-your-leave', proceeded to lift up the hem of my own dress to draw it up and off over my head. I gasped but she was so matter of fact about it. I was embarrassed and immediately aware of the dampness and stickiness between my legs from my day's fantasies. Even if she couldn't see it, surely she must smell it? As my dress came off, a wave of pungent pussy aroma seemed to waft out.
 She knelt in front of me and again matter-of-factly, pulled my panties down to my ankles. She couldn't fail to see the state of me even if she had no sense of smell. Sure enough, she glanced up, sniffed a couple of times and stared directly at my pussy.
 "You should be ashamed of yourself!" she said sharply. "Make sure you get nothing on my dresses!"
 "Of c-course." I stammered, feeling thoroughly humiliated. And with the humiliation came another flood of wetness!
 She helped me on with the cocktail outfit, a short, tight-fitting, black silk dress. As she did so, her hands seemed almost inadvertently to touch various parts of my body - a brief brush of pressure against my left breast, a hand on my inner thigh as she drew the hem downwards, and then a more deliberate smoothing down of the dress against my buttock. None of which helped me in any way to regain my equilibrium. 
I should have protested, but I couldn't. She seemed to sense my difficulty, because with each change of outfit her touching became firmer and more overt. Eventually, she was squeezing my breasts, ostensibly on the pretext of getting the material to fall more naturally over my swelling orbs. Then a firm squeeze and parting of my buttocks with her thumbs through the material of the dress, claiming it was to "make sure the dress won't catch in the cleft".
 The final dress I tried on was a glorious silvery-grey. Before she helped me on with it, she removed my bra!
 "It will look better au naturel," she stated.
 I felt powerless to resist her. She just seemed to take liberties as she wanted. Nevertheless, the dress looked absolutely stunning on me. I had never looked sexier in my life. It was as if it was made just for me. I pirouetted slowly in front of the mirror admiring myself. She was right, it looked fabulous with my breasts unfettered. And it draped deliciously over my swelling buttocks, showing off my ass and its deep cleft to best effect.
 She must have thought so as well. With no further pretensions of helping with the fit, she stood behind me and cupped my buttocks in her firm hands. Then she slid the material upwards, exposing my bum. She pulled the tiny thong of my panties to one side and slid a finger straight into sopping pussy! I gasped in shock and tried to pull away, but within one step forward I had fetched up against the mirrored wall of the cubicle. She leaned forcefully against my back, crushing me against the mirror. Then she proceeded to vigorously thrust her finger in and out of me, withdrawing it occasionally to wiggle it against my clit. All the fight went out of me and within a couple of minutes I came.
 "I knew it the moment you came in..." she hissed. "You're a slut!"
 I was so embarrassed that I could feel my cheeks erupt into a boiling flush. In the mirror I could see them bright red. I couldn't believe I had just allowed that to happen! I felt mortified. I had to get out of there quickly.
 I ripped off the beautiful dress and dropped it in a heap on the floor. I dressed quickly, snatched up my bag and made ready to leave. She was standing in the doorway, blocking my way.
 "Pick up the dress!" she snapped.
 I bent to retrieve it and handed it to her. She made no effort to move, merely held the dress and examined it closely, running the hem through her fingers. Suddenly her hand shot out and delivered a stinging slap to my cheek.
 "You stupid bitch!" she barked. "Look what you've done! Do you have any idea how much that dress costs?"
 She held the dress towards me with a section of hem exposed, revealing a damp patch of my pussy juices staining the silky material. I must have smeared it in my hurry to get out of there.
 "Well?!" she continued. "What are you going to do about it?"
 I stammered something or other about paying for the dress. 
"Of course you're going to pay for it, idiot!" she said. "The question is, what else are you going to do to make up for all my time dealing with your slutty behaviour and the damage to the dress?"
 Huh? What was she talking about? It wasn't logical. I was paying for the dress, wasn't I? That would cover her time. And I was buying the damaged goods anyway.
 "Give me your credit card!" She snapped her fingers imperiously at me.
 I handed it over meekly. She took it and walked back out to the main counter where she put the credit card away in her own purse! She looked up at me.
 "Be back here immediately after we close at 6:30 this evening and we'll see!" She waived me away and thrust the dress in a bundle under the counter.
 I wasn't sure what to do so I stood there for a few moments, probably looking stupid. She glared at me.
 "6:30 sharp! Go!" she snapped. I fled.
 +++
 I was back at 6:30, knocking tentatively on the now closed door of her boutique to claim my credit card and new dress. She opened the door wide and gestured me in without a word. She wasted no time, clicking her fingers at me to follow and striding towards the back of the shop and into the very changing room we had been in before.
 "Clothes off!" she commanded. I undressed reluctantly in front of her. She stared at me without a word as I did so. Her look was predatory. I felt like an insect stuck in a spider's web.
 "Panties too!" 
I hurried to comply, peeling the thong down to my ankles and stepping out of it.
 "Kneel!"
 I knelt in front of her. 
She hitched her skirt up to her waist, revealing a neatly trimmed thatch of black hair crowning a naked pussy that was thick-lipped, swollen and red, and glistening with moisture. She sat back on a small wall-mounted bench, spread her legs wide and grasped my hair, pulling my face forcefully into her snatch so my nose was buried inside her and my mouth completely covered by her slippery pussy lips. She held tight to my hair and proceeded to hump herself vigorously up and down on my face.
 I couldn't breathe! After about 15 or 20 seconds I was starting to feel a bit panicky. I was drowning in her swamp. I started to struggle, clutching at her thighs trying to push myself backwards. She was much stronger than her small stature suggested. She kept a painful, tight-fisted grip on my hair and held me firmly against her as she continued to slide her hot wetness even more vigorously over my face. I still couldn't breath, her syrup filling my nose and pussy lips creating an airtight seal over my mouth. My panicked struggles became more violent and I began to punch out wildly trying to free myself. Somehow she managed to grasp both my flailing wrists in one strong hand whilst her other still held me forcefully against her.
 The more I struggled, the tighter she held, but also the more fierce her pussy-pummeling of my face became. I realised that my struggles were turning her on and the more I struggled the more excited she became. In a sudden flash of self-preserving inspiration I understood that if I struggled more, she would come more quickly. I redoubled my efforts, really going for it, hauling my head back against the pressure of her hand, wiggling my ass as I tried to move back. I was dimly aware of my breasts swaying back and forward as I struggled. This was not an act, however. I really was getting desperate as my last reserves of oxygen were being depleted. 
Whatever, my movements had the desired effect. Suddenly she let go of my wrists, freeing her hand to join the other. Grabbing me by the hair on both sides of my head she held my face jammed into her and locked her thighs together against her hands, enclosing my whole head as she erupted in a spasm of orgasm. She really did erupt... copious quantities of fluid gushed over my face, up my nose and into my mouth as if she had pissed herself. I didn't know such a thing was possible. I had to endure a further 20 seconds or so of airless agony as her spasms continued until, suddenly, she shoved my face away and leaned back against the wall gasping.
 I was also gasping, but for another reason!
 As my chest heaved, drawing in large wracking breaths, I gradually came back to my senses. Now that the immediate life-threatening situation had passed I was left with the realisation that I was soaking wet between my thighs! The whole sordid thing had turned me on big time! I was simultaneously disgusted with myself, embarrassed, humiliated at being so pathetic that I couldn't even fight back a woman almost half my size, and desperate to scratch the itch of arousal between my legs. I couldn't help myself... I thrust my hands between my thighs, spreading my pussy lips with one hand and strumming my clit with fingers of the other. My eyes closed as I focused on the intense sensations, bringing myself rapidly towards my own orgasm. My thighs were starting to quiver as I felt the crescendo building...
 "Stop!" she spat in her husky French accent. "That was my reward for helping you this afternoon. You have nothing to be rewarded for. You have yet to be punished for your slutty behaviour today. I will not tolerate such filth in my premises!" 
The hypocrisy of her words appeared to have escaped her. But I had no time to consider it. Instead, my attention was drawn to the appearance of a black riding crop in her right hand that had lain unobserved on a shelf below the bench seat.
 "No, please!" I begged. "No, don't mark me! You mustn't leave any marks..." I knew instinctively that I would pay with far worse from Vida if I arrived with wheals on my flesh, than any pain I would experience right now.
 She paused a moment in consideration.
 "Very well," she said. "Hands and knees. Forehead on the floor!"
 I did as she instructed and could see out of the corner of my eye another implement she retrieved from the same shelf. I hadn't seen one before. It was made of a strip of heavy black leather, about 30 cm long by 4 wide and a few mm thick, embedded in a round wooden handle. The leather was not entirely stiff. It was thin enough to be a bit flexible and looked like it would be extremely painful. I quivered at the prospect of being beaten with it. Nevertheless, I also thought it would do less obvious visible damage than the crop. 
I was about to find out!
 The French woman, who's name I still did not know, discarded her skirt completely and stood beside me. She began to finger herself with her left hand, holding the leather 'strap' in her right. She was clearly still very aroused and intent on making the most of my punishment.
 "Twelve." she said. "Count!"
 Immediately, her right arm went back and she swung the implement in a vicious arc towards my backside. My ass exploded in pain and I jerked upright on my knees, with a cry of pain and shock, the breathe sucked right out of me.
 She raised her foot and placed it against my neck, pushing down and pinning my forehead once more to the floor. Another stroke whistled down. Another explosion of pain and this time a real scream was wrenched from me. The blow had landed in the exact same spot as the last and the pain was almost unbearable.
 I was still pinned down. I could hear the furious squishing movements of her fingers against her pussy as she masturbated, clearly loving my pain and predicament.
 "You haven't started counting!" she said.
 "TWO!" I gasped through clenched teeth.
 "Hah! Don't be stupid," she replied, "You've missed two already. We start from the beginning with the next one. Beg for it!"
 A chill went through me. I wanted to run but I couldn't afford to let her get another blow in without counting it out, or the 14 I was already up for would quickly become 15.
 "Please..." I breathed. "Give me ONE!"
 A third stroke thrashed down, mercifully in a different spot. I gasped but tried not to cry out. Somehow I felt if I cried out it would get worse again. I could still hear her left hand busy between her legs and her breathing was becoming more ragged. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her right arm beginning to lift. Quickly, I cried out, almost shouting "Please! Give me TWO!"
 A fourth stroke. "THREE!" and then a fifth. "FOUR!" and the sixth slashed down on me. 
By this time there were no more unbeaten areas on my ass, each blow landing where another had already hit. The pain was excruciating. I was screaming, now, with each stroke. And begging... begging for the next one, desperately wanting it over, hating every moment but having to call out the strokes for fear of having the 14 extended further.
 After I had begged for the 'sixth", which was actually the eighth, she ordered me to "Play with yourself!". Her voice sounded strangulated and I realised that she was holding back an imminent orgasm. As I reached backwards under me to massage my clit, the eighth stroke crashed down across my buttocks and she let out a weird howl as her orgasm exploded.
 As I touched myself, I found I was even wetter than before. I had been too pre-occupied with the intense pain to be aware of anything else. Now I wondered at myself... how could I be so aroused and in excruciating agony at the same time. There was nothing at all pleasurable about the pain. But there was a deep underlying sense of being completely under her control and it was this that had me so thoroughly aroused.
 The pain of the final six strokes was almost unbearable. However, accompanied as it was by a furious rubbing of my clit with my right hand, it was somehow transmuted into an exquisite, though agonising, sexual pleasure. I came twice in less than a minute! Dimly, I was aware of her coming as well.
 Examining my bottom in the mirror afterwards showed it glowing a vivid red. I was sure bruises would appear but at least there was no sign of the dreaded whip stripes I was trying to avoid. I was drained and exhausted and collapsed on the floor flat out on my back.
 'She' wasn't quite finished though. As I lay there, she straddled me and lowered her backside onto my face. For about five minutes she gently rocked herself back and forwards, bringing herself to her fourth orgasm on my face. Then, it seemed, she was spent.
 +++
 She ordered me to return the next morning to collect my dress. She also promised me she would see to it that I was well prepared for my dinner party.
 True to her word, she spent all of the following morning helping me try on various items to go with the dress. She was a different person, treating me with a warmth and gentleness that was at odds with her behaviour the night before. She had arranged for a masseur and hairdresser to be in attendance and for a few hours I was pampered. My whole body below the head was depilated, even my pussy! I was massaged, bathed and had my hair done. 
Finally, she ordered a cab to take me and the bags containing my purchases back to the hotel. I spent the rest of the afternoon resting to conserve energy for the night to come.
 +++ 
End of Chapter 5. 
To Be Continued... 









BUTTERFLY WINGS 
By Tcheena3
&nbsp; CHAPTER SIX  - Tempest
&nbsp; I arrived at Vida's promptly at 7:30pm. There was no way I was going to risk being late!
 I was dressed in the gorgeous silvery-grey dress from 'Parisienne Domme'. It was so short that it only just covered my buttocks. Even raising my arms above my head would lift it enough to reveal my ass. I had a matching choker collar around my neck and high silver-grey stiletto heels that laced up around my ankles. Silk suspender, stockings and silver earrings completed the ensemble. I had no panties on. The French woman would not let me buy any, saying that the dress would fall more naturally and that, anyway, it sounded like I wouldn't need any. She was prescient if nothing else!
 Vida herself appeared and greeted me warmly, but with a complete lack of surprise. She was clearly in no doubt that I would return. 
"Come," she said. "I want to introduce you to the other guests. But first I must take you to see Phil. As I said... he has a big surprise for you." She spoke with a hint of dry amusement in her voice.
 I had been dreading this moment. Phil was the last person I wanted to see right then. She seemed to sense my hesitation however, because she said "It's o.k. Don't worry... he can't hurt you. In fact, he won't even see you!"
 I was puzzled but I duly followed her down a long hallway to a room at the end. We entered a small, plushly-furnished waiting room. It was a waiting room with a difference. A white leather sofa with two matching armchairs, one on each side of the sofa, were arranged in a semi-circle facing a large mirror on the wall. The mirror was mounted floor-to-ceiling and was about 3 metres wide.
 We sat on the sofa and Vida produced a remote control which she pointed at the mirror. A moment later the mirrored surface appeared to dissolve, revealing a clear glass window overlooking a scientific laboratory of some sort. The overall impression was 'white'. It was brightly lit with white walls and white work benches. Various sophisticated-looking pieces of electronic equipment and other devices were distributed around the room.
 All this I took in in a fraction of a second because my eyes were drawn immediately to the scene directly in front of the window. Phil was strapped down, stark naked, to a bench top facing the window. The bench, however, was inclined at an angle of about 45 degrees with Phil's feet closest to the window, so it appeared as if he was 'on offer' to the inhabitants of the waiting room. His eyes were closed and he was strapped in several places: one over his forehead holding his head firmly against the bench surface; one across his chest and another his stomach;&nbsp; and one each across his upper thighs and above his knees. His thighs were spread wide so that the legs below the knees were actually dangling over the sides of the bench.
 I gasped in shock! 
Phil's penis appeared to be about 8 inches long and much thicker than I remembered. However, it was completely flacid, suggesting that it would be much longer and fatter when erect. Dangling below that monster of a penis, his testicles were each about the size of a small orange.
 "What have you done?" I whispered.
 She laughed. "Impressive, huh? We're quite pleased with his progress so far." She paused. "Although I don't suppose he is!" she went on enigmatically. She did not elaborate.
 We gazed at Phil in silence for a few moments. Then she took my arm.
 "Come," she said. "We must get back to the guests. You'll find out about Phil later this evening. He'll be my primary exhibit. I'm proud of our efforts. I wanted you to see him first!"
 As we walked back down the corridor, she placed her hand proprietarily on my backside for a moment, then slid it down between my legs and gently wiped a finger along my bare slit.
 "Hmmm," she said, perhaps commenting on my dryness. "Would you like your favourite cocktail, or would you like to try and 'go it alone'? Your choice, but you might be wise to get some assistance for tonight's activities!"
 "Cocktail, please" I muttered. Just being reminded of the cocktail had instantly started my juices flowing!
 "Very well." she replied.
 +++
 There were twenty guests for the dinner party in addition to Vida herself. 
The table had been laid for 10 each side with one chair at the head. It became apparent during the pre-dinner drinks conversations that all the guests had come with a partner. There were three people I recognised from public life. One senator, a company CEO and one well-known actress. Most of the others, men and women, exuded the sort of confidence that comes with wealth and power. I did notice, though, that two or three of the younger women seemed much less sure of themselves. One husband and wife partnership, in their mid-forties and introduced to me as Mr &amp; Mrs Elstein, both exuded the kind of assurance I'm referring to. However, of the remaining couples, I had the impression that there was one more dominant partner and not always the male!
 Vida had me in tow and made the introductions. My body's response to the cocktail had started to take effect by now. I was already wet and starting to wish for the activities to begin. The feelings were heightened as the introductions proceeded. Vida would engage in a welcoming conversation with each couple and then state dismissively, as if I wasn't even there, that I was there to "serve everyone... or perhaps be serviced!" No name, no other introduction or explanation, just that - to serve or be serviced. It made me sound like an animal.
 I received one major shock during the introductions that made my face go quite red with embarrassment. 
"This is Madame Bouvier," Vida introduced us. 
It was the French woman from 'Parisienne Domme'! I stammered, unsure of what to say, but fortunately she saved me.
 She smiled wryly and said, in her sexy, husky French accent "Ooh! I'm very pleased to meet you!" 
She looked me up and down with an appraising look. "Very nice," she said quietly. I blushed furiously.
 +++ 
'Ting! Ting! Ting!' 
As Vida arose from her seat at the head of the dining table, tapping her glass with a spoon, the hubbub of animated conversation around the table gradually faded away. 
I was already standing, slightly behind her, where I'd been since the guests had seated themselves and eaten their hors d'oeuvres. Basically, I had no idea what I was supposed to do with myself. I'd received no direction or guidance from Vida when we'd entered the dining room. Instead, everyone had seated themselves and I was left standing, with no chair available for me. I felt stupid, like 'a spare prick at a wedding', as my father used to say. So I had just positioned myself behind, and slightly to one side, of Vida's chair so she could summon me if needed. I became increasingly uncomfortable, ignored by everyone as the two little blondes in French maid's uniforms had served the guests. 
"Friends!" Vida began. "I want to thank you all for attending this little event. I've known most of you for many years, although not necessarily all of your partners! During that time, I think I can say that we have come to trust each deeply." 
There were nods from a number of the guests. 
"I think you'd also agree," she continued, "that we share certain... well... sexual proclivities, shall we say!" 
A titter of knowing laughter from around the table. 
"For that reason, if none other, we all understand the importance of keeping silent about our activities within these four walls. Well, tonight we need to raise that importance to a whole new level! 
No doubt, you've been wondering what this is all about... well, this is the night that is going to change our lives forever... that is, if you choose to be part of what I'm about to offer. We are a wealthy and powerful group, but what I'm going to show you will make us considerably wealthier and more powerful. What's more, there are a number of side benefits that will make the whole thing an exciting and very pleasurable experience at the same time. At least, for some of us!" 
She had their attention riveted on her. 
"As you know, I've required you to sign a non-disclosure agreement to participate in this event. Frankly, that's just a legal document of limited value. It wouldn't prevent you from disclosing what you know... it just means there would be legal and financial consequences for you if you did. So, let me be perfectly straight about this. 
I'm about to reveal to you the product of years of research in my company and give you an opportunity to invest in it. I don't do that lightly! I personally have a huge amount at stake here. So, I want to be clear that under NO circumstances... I repeat, NO circumstances, is it alright by me for you to disclose this information to anyone else. I'm going to ask each of you, right now, to give me your personal commitment, your word, that you will keep this information amongst ourselves. If you choose not to, that's fine. You can leave right now and we'll say no more about it. Also, I'm not asking you to commit to investing. You can decide that once you hear what's on offer." 
Around the table, several people began to offer their word. Vida held up her hand, palm forward. 
"Wait!" she said. "Let me just finish before you agree. Because..." she paused. "There will be dire consequences for you if you agree and then dishonour your word! I'm deadly serious about this. You renege and I'll have you permanently removed
!" 
There was a shocked silence around the table. 
Vida allowed the silence to continue for a few moments, then "I'm sure I don't have to spell out further what I mean by 'removed'. Don't doubt me! You know I have the resources to do it and I wouldn't care how long it took to hunt you down. One day, when you least expect it....." 
A full minute passed. No one seemed inclined to speak. 
"So - now's the time if you want to leave..." 
Another 30 seconds or so of silence. 
Then Vida clapped her hands. "Excellent!" she said with a cheerful grin on her face. "I'm so glad. You're my friends. I need your help and I also want to do something worthwhile for you! Alright... let's go round the table one-by-one and make the agreement, in front of the group, with a downing of our new cocktail. I'll begin!" 
She plucked a small shot-glass filled with a pink cocktail from a silver tray held by one of the blonde maids - the very cocktail that had such dire consequences for me! 
She raised the glass to the group. "I, Vida, give my solemn word not to disclose anything that is done or said here tonight, to anyone outside of this group!" With that she tossed the contents of the glass down her throat. 
The oath was repeated, with a downing of the cocktail, by each guest around the table. At the end, everyone clapped and cheered. I was amazed! They didn't even know what they were agreeing about and yet they were acting like they had won the lottery. I also couldn't help feeling a bit smug, realising they had no idea what the effect of the cocktail would be! 
I didn't have long to relish my smugness. Vida brought me down to earth very swiftly. 
"Now," she said. "Let's begin. I'm sorry that I'm going to have to give you a bit of technical background, so you understand the full implications of what's on offer. However, to make it a bit more palatable, so to speak, we'll play a little eating game while I talk. These three sluts..." she gestured to myself and the two maids, "... will be servicing you under the table! They have five minutes in which to make you come, at which point they will move on to the next person. If they fail to make you come within that time, you may punish them after dinner! They will continue around the table until we have all finished dinner. 
So, let's say... that's twenty of you (I'll have to pass while I talk!), divided by the three sluts, makes six or seven of you per slut. That's about 35 minutes a round at 5 minutes each. We'll be eating for about an hour and a half, so that makes three attempts to make you come. In other words, we'll be eating above the table and they'll be eating below it!" 
The table erupted in laughter at Vida's wisecrack. She went on, with a wry smile on her face. 
"I would imagine it will be harder for them to complete their task within the 5 minutes, with each subsequent attempt - so, your chances of doling out punishment will increase as the evening progresses! Still... I should alert you to some of the nuances of the game. The challenge the sluts face is not just to make you come within the 5 minutes. They don't want you to come any sooner than 5 minutes, or they will end up doing more rounds within the hour and a half. And we've already noted that each round becomes more difficult and more likely to result in punishment, so they won't want to do any more rounds than necessary! In other words, if you're about to come early, they'll be trying to draw it out to the full 5 minutes. 
Of course, your decision (if you have that much control!) is whether to forego an orgasm for the later pleasure of administering a punishment. If you're able to hold off on the first orgasm, you'll be waiting about 35 minutes before the next opportunity. Trust me... that will be harder than you think! 
I've taken a great liberty with you this evening, but I'm sure you won't regret it. The little cocktail you've just had actually contained a sample of a new drug we're working on. I won't tell you what it's for just yet, but you'll probably work it out for yourselves soon enough! It might even have an impact on the outcome of the game. So, let's get on with it." 
The wife of the 'power couple' (as I thought of her and her husband) piped up, "So what is the punishment?" 
"Ah, of course. Silly of me!" said Vida. "Three strokes with a cane or a paddle on any part of their anatomy that you choose!" 
"Three strokes?" queried Power Wife. "That's not very much!" 
"Hmmm... perhaps it doesn't seem much, but there is a potential for each slut to miss every single attempt. That's a possible six or seven missed attempts in each of three rounds. Three strokes for each miss. That makes... well, over 60 strokes! I like to witness the pain as much as you do, but I don't want them to end up dead! As you'll discover, we have some further uses for them after tonight!" 
My blood ran cold. Up until then I had been listening to Vida's explanation of the game, focusing on how humiliating and exciting it was going to be, forced to suck them all off. Suddenly, I realised what was at stake for me. 60 strokes of a cane! That would be worse than what Phil had done to Vida's poor niece. And there could be up to 7 people administering the punishment, which meant no tired, flagging arms to lessen the impact. 
"One last thing before we begin. Let me just show you that these finely-dressed young ladies really are sluts!" 
Vida grabbed me by the hair, spinning me round on my high-heels to face away from the table. Her knee came up sharply, hitting me in the stomach as she forced my head down, so I was bent double over her raised thigh. There were peals of laughter and assorted jeers and whistles from the table behind me. I knew exactly why. My pussy was already sopping wet and no doubt, with my skirt sliding up my buttocks, they could clearly see the glistening, puffed and swollen labia, the smears of moisture on my inner thighs. I could feel the flush of embarrassment filling my face and with it came a further spurt of juicy excitement in my pussy. 
"Your time starts NOW!" 
I dived under the table, as much to hide my embarrassment as to begin the first 5 minutes as quickly as possible. There was a jostling for position with the three of us between peoples' legs and I found myself with my head in the lap of the Senator. I made to pull back, quickly. He was the one person there that I had no desire for contact with. He was a big, fat, hairy, ugly man. He wreaked of stale cigar smoke and I had listened to him all evening making pathetic gross, sexist and arrogant remarks which he, no doubt, found funny. 
Too late! He held my hair firmly as he unzipped his pants and dragged his penis out. It was big. And smelly. I wondered briefly if he had deliberately not washed for the night's entertainment. I had no time to dwell on it. however. He grabbed my jaw between thumb and forefinger, squeezing to force my teeth apart, and thrust his shaft into my mouth. With no further ado, he placed both hands on my head and pushed me inexorably down until his fat member entered my throat, filling it and sealing off my airways. Two inches further and it was buried to the hilt, his foul-smelling thick patch of pubic hairs nestling against my lips and nose. I could feel the swelling of the thick head halfway down my oesophagus. I began to struggle. 
He held me as if I was of no more consequence than a gnat. Despite being overweight, he was immensely strong. Holding my head firmly between both hands, he pulled me back up a couple of inches, shoved me back down and then proceeded to pump me up and down vigorously in short strokes. My struggles had no effect. I could feel the head of his prick moving up and down in my throat. It was clearly enough movement to stimulate him, but insufficient for me to draw breath on the upstroke. He kept it up until my struggles began to weaken through lack of oxygen and then, at the last moment before I passed out, he lifted my head enough for me to draw a long shuddering breath. He laughed, a short, sharp, evil snort of derision. A moment later I was plunged back down and the process began again. 
Dimly, at the edges of my consciousness, I was aware of the muffled sound of Vida talking to the guests. 
"...sorry that I have to give you a little bit of technical information," she was saying "just so you can get an idea of the basis of our research and its outcome. You will all, no doubt, be aware of the concept of gene splicing - chemically cutting the DNA of a gene to add base pairs. Essentially, a restriction enzyme is used to attack a single nucleotide sequence and split the base pairs apart, leaving single helix strands at the end of two double helixes. We are then free to add any genetic sequences we wish into the broken chain and, afterwards, the chain is repaired (as a longer chain with the added DNA) with another enzyme called ligase. 
Modern splicing techniques are used for relatively simple purposes, like the production of large quantities of insulin, through to practical medicinal uses such as the treatment of arthritis. In the case of insulin, the insulin-producing genes from human DNA are spliced into plasmid DNA; the plasmids are then allowed to infect bacteria, which produce large amounts of insulin. It all sounds very simple, but of course there are numerous challenges involved! 
Let's take gene therapy for example - LLC's area of speciality. This involves inserting portions of a gene into a patient, normally with the intent of curing a disease or at least minimising its impact. There are two methods for inserting genetic material into human chromosomes - ex vivo and in vitro. In the former, one has to extract bone marrow cells, insert the new material and reinject the cells into the body. Long, complicated, painful! With the in vitro technique we inject therapeutic DNA directly into the body's cells... 
Her voice faded out as my focus returned fully to my predicament. Once again, I was starting to panic as the bastard held me down to his crotch. Why couldn't I just make him come, to deliver me from this torture? On either side of me there were slurping noises as the two young women grovelled in front of their respective guests, attempting to bring them to orgasm. I heard both guests, almost simultaneously, cry out in pleasure as they came. They were both women by the sound of their voices. 
At that moment, there was the tinkle of a little bell and I heard Beat's harsh voice. 
"Five minutes! First round is up!" Vida must have brought her into the room to do the time-keeping. 
I had not managed to make the fat senator come, which meant a punishment for me, later. But at least I had the satisfaction of not letting him come. Or so I thought! 
He timed it to perfection. Holding my head firmly for 5 seconds after the end-of-round bell, he pumped himself rapidly in my mouth and his semen spurted into me. Half of the slimy mess was deposited on my tongue, causing me to gag, before he withdrew and pumped the remainder onto my face and hair. The bastard had managed to hold off till after the bell, ensuring I would be thrashed later, while he still had the pleasure of an orgasm. 
"Hah! She didn't do it in time!!" I heard him chortle. That should have been against the rules, but I knew nothing would come of a complaint except more hardship. I swallowed his load and quickly scrambled along a couple of places to the next guest. 
It was the Power Wife, Mrs Elstein. She had hitched her skirt up to her waist and pulled aside a flimsy laced thong to reveal plump, rosy pussy lips. There was moisture on the seat in front of her. She used the fingers of one hand to spread the upper part of her labia to reveal the tiny nub of her clit. With her other hand she drew my head, surprisingly gently, towards her until my mouth was directly over her clit. Using her own movements as a guide, I started to lick her very gently, running my tongue up along her slick slit and then in small circles over her clit. She shuddered and let go of my head, leaning back in her chair, bracing herself with her hands on the seat and scooting forward till she was perched right on the edge. I felt her clit swelling slightly under my tongue, but it remained small. She was extremely wet and I found her musky scent and flavour a surprising turn on. I wondered, briefly, how much of her wetness was attributable to the cocktail drug or whether she would normally be this wet. 
Unlike the episode with the senator, I found this a really pleasurable experience. Power Wife made it clear by her movements and sound that I was doing exactly the right things. I felt flattered and more aroused, wanting to give her the absolute best I could. Before long I was slurping vigorously, thrusting my tongue right into her vagina, scooping out her juices and depositing them on her clit as I licked there. I was clutching her smooth, soft, fleshy thighs with both hands, holding myself in place whilst I licked. I desperately wanted to massage myself but I couldn't let go. So, I sat right down on the floor in front of her, using her thighs as leverage to hold me as I humped my own slit against the cool polished floorboards. 
Once more I became aware of Vida's continuing presentation. 
"... and of course, using a viral agent to get the new genetic information into the cells presents its own problems. Now," she went on, "here is where things start to get interesting! In recent months, we have made a dramatic breakthrough in discovering another, far better, agent for this purpose. Unlike the retrovirus, which only helps the new daughter cells with the newly injected DNA, this agent works on existing cells as well. What's more, unlike the other current option (the adenoviral agent), the effects appear to be long-lasting. But... it get's better! The adenovirus may take 48 hours or more to take effect. However, our agent affects the cells within minutes, or hours at the most! The agent is not viral, it's synthetic, and we call it Lowrine." 
There was a smattering of applause from around the table, although I noticed that Power Wife did not take her hands off the chair! In fact, she seemed to be approaching a climax and her thighs closed over my ears, crushing me as I continued to lick at her exposed clit. Moments later, my whole head was shaken as the quivering of her thighs reached a crescendo and she held me even tighter. 
I heard no sound from her, of course, nor from Vida, trapped as I was between her fleshy limbs. When she finally released me, I moved my head back to take a breather. But, apparently, time was not up yet. She once more drew me close and placed my mouth against her swollen pussy lips to begin again. 
When the round came to an end, I was outraged to hear Power Wife deny that she had achieved orgasm! Admittedly, I had heard no sound from her during the climax, but it was quite clear to me that she had indeed reached her peak. Once again, I felt unable to protest. A second punishment was coming my way. 
+++ 
The game continued for the full length of the meal. It was accompanied by much hilarity and rowdy behaviour from the guests, as they egged each other on and applauded the more vigorous expressions of orgasm. Vida had been right. As time wore on and the drug took greater hold, it became easier to make our subjects climax. Nevertheless, I was exhausted by the end. With a few more dirty tricks from the guests, I ended up with 8 punishments on my score card, even though I knew at least four of those were not warranted. My throat was sore from the constant pounding, my tongue felt like it had been through a wringer and my jaw ached. 
I don't believe the two blondes fared much better although, frankly, I didn't pay much attention. I had my own situation to be concerned about. The thought of 24 strokes of a cane filled me with anxiety. I just prayed that I would be allowed to masturbate myself as it was happening. Otherwise, I could see no likelihood of pleasure... just pain and fear. 
Throughout the ordeal I had tuned in and out of Vida's exposition of her offer to the assembled&nbsp; potential investors. 
Essentially, it seemed that she believed there was a massive market for body modification, if it could be done safely and effectively. Rather than researching gene therapy to cure disease, she had focussed LLC's efforts on areas that more closely aligned with her own interests. She had said this with amusement in her voice. Those areas involved manipulation of the sex organs and other erogenous zones! 
In her view, every male teenager in the world wanted to be better endowed, and most of them carried that desire into adulthood, even if they would never admit it to anyone other than themselves. As for breasts, well... that market was already well-established. Imagine though, if the breasts were real, and not filled with some tacky sack that looked artificial and felt like crap. Imagine if those breasts were big and well-formed and heavy, but maintained the firm, fleshy, resilience of a teenager's breasts! How popular would that be? She waxed lyrical about bosoms and nipples for a while before moving on to the clitoris. That was all about sensitivity... ease of orgasm... size to allow easier stimulation... and so on. 
It all sounded quite plausible and I understood why she believed there was a ready market for her 'wares'. 
It was only after the meal had finished that she came to the crux of her offer. 
By that time I was once more standing behind her chair, having completed my tasks under the table. I did not, however, look anything like I had before. I was dishevelled and sticky. My hair was covered in cum and my beautiful dress was stained so badly, I didn't think it could be recovered. The guests were still seated around the table, listening intently. 
Vida explained that there were two components to the offer. 
The first was financial. Basically, she was asking them each to contribute a significant amount of money to the venture, in return for a share of the business. However, she took great pains to point out that she did not actually need the funds. The financial investment was there purely as a mechanism to give them a stake in the whole process that would not readily be foregone if things got difficult. Each according to his or her means, she explained. The amounts and details had been drawn up in separate contracts already. Each individual in the room would find that their own share would be just within their means, but would involve a significant financial exposure to them. 
The second aspect was to do with the provision of test subjects for clinical trials. LLC's discovery of Lowrine was a major breakthrough in their ability to make the modifications they sought. However there were a couple of stumbling blocks. For one thing, Vida had no intention of having her discoveries and her trials tied up in what would surely be at least 10 years of governmental bureaucratic red-tape to get the necessary approvals. She was quite prepared to go 'underground'. She knew that her products would probably be worth even more on the illegal drugs market. She was prepared to take the risk. 
That led, or course, to the need for test subjects. Subjects who would be prepared to undergo experimentation using a process and substances not formally approved for clinical trials, AND... and here was the clincher, a process that involved a considerable amount of pain! 
Apparently, one side-effect that had not been ironed out had to do with the speed with which the process worked. The rapid growth of body organs targeted by the Lowrine-facilitated DNA was very, very painful. It was possible to reduce the pain with other drugs, although not very effectively. 
And besides, Vida had said with a wry smile "For some of us, that side-effect might be a benefit rather than a disadvantage! Also, let me be clear about the test subjects. Being prepared to undergo experimentation does not have to be voluntary preparedness in my view! Each of you here that buys a share in the business will be required to provide at least one subject. It can be yourself, if you're keen enough to have a bigger cock, or bigger tits!" she said crudely. "Or, it could be your partner, perhaps? Are they prepared to let you donate them?" 
I glanced around the table and I noticed that there were a few shocked looks at this last comment. Mainly it seemed from a couple of the younger female partners, but also from the good looking young man that was accompanying Madame Bouvier. 
"I really don't care," continued Vida. "It can be someone else entirely. Just be sure to pick your subjects wisely. None of us can afford for a word of this to get out!" 
Vida paused and looked around the table, intently studying each of her guests in turn. Suddenly she clapped her hands together and let out a brief laugh. 
"Come!" she said. "You look stunned! But don't worry, this is not the moment of truth. I have a demonstration for you before you make your decision. A demonstration courtesy of Erika..." 
She glanced back at me and gestured at me with a wave of her hand. I started in surprise and the fear must have been written clearly on my face. She placed her hand gently on my arm. 
"Settle, Petal." She said with a gentle smile. "It's your husband you're contributing!" 
+++ 
She clicked her fingers and the large double doors into the dining room swung open. 
Severus entered the room, wheeling Phil before him! Behind them, Beat was pushing a small trolley that appeared to carry a few different implements, mostly unrecognisable to me. 
Phil was standing on a low, wheeled, stainless-steel platform pushed by Sev. His hands and arms were strapped in an uncomfortable reverse prayer position behind his back, forcing his chest out. His legs were slightly wider than shoulder width apart and they were strapped to two metal poles that protruded from the platform on the outside of each leg. The poles came close to the tops of his thighs in height and leaned inwards at a slight angle to match the angle of his legs. Each leg was strapped to its pole in several positions from ankle to top of thigh. The topmost straps were pulled so tight that the flesh of his upper thighs was crushed against the pole, leaving a space right below his crotch. 
That space was filled with two enormous testicles, as big as apples. I could have sworn they were larger than they had been when I had viewed him earlier that evening. 
And above that was his cock, standing massively erect, throbbing red, thick-veined and glistening with oil. The flacid 8 inches I had observed earlier had become 10 inches of thick, hard penis. His genitals had been completely shaved so the big shaft stood out even more starkly against his stomach. 
There were gasps of surprise from around the room. Personally, I was shocked. At the same time there was something so massive and primeval about the display, I had an almost uncontrollable desire to leap onto him and impale myself on the swollen shaft. My pussy had dried somewhat in the past half hour of effort under the table, but suddenly I was gushing again. 
Vida held up her hands to quieten the room. The murmurings subsided. 
"Here is an example of what our work can produce!" Vida said proudly. "Erika can tell you... her husband had a fairly average sized penis only 2 weeks ago. What you see in front of you has grown to this size in the past 5 days. But....." She paused dramatically. "We have something astonishing to show you tonight". 
Beat had raised the platform's wheels so the platform was now resting securely on the ground, held down by Phil's weight. She handed a device to Vida. Vida held it up to show everyone. 
It was a long cylinder about 24 inches in length, about the diameter of a Coke can. The lower half of the tube appeared to be made of clear glass. It was basically an empty tube you could see right through. The upper half was a shiny metal alloy of some kind, very high tech looking, with a number of knobs and attachments on it. Vida twisted something on the end of the alloy section and slowly a column of about 12 wicked-looking needles began to protrude from that section into the glass section of the cylinder, spaced evenly around the interior. It was a syringe with 12 needles! 
When fully extended, the battery of needles reached right down to the entrance of the glass tube, occupying its whole length. She held it up for everyone to see. 
"You won't be able to see because they're so fine," she said, "but each needle has a series of tiny pores running down it's length. The pores increase in size down the length of the needle. That's how we ensure an even injection of solution down the length of the needle, not just from the tip." Then she withdrew the needles back into the case. 
She reached out and grasped the oily column of Phil's penis. Her fingers could not fully reach around its girth. Slowly and seductively, she slid her fist up and down the shaft, massaging him gently and looking directly into his eyes. Phil was starting to panic. His eyes were wildly darting around the room as if desperately seeking a way out. He knew something was about to happen that he wouldn't enjoy. She slid her hand down below his cock and gently cupped one massive testicle in her hand. Her fingers wrapped around it. Still gazing, almost lovingly, into his eyes she began slowly to squeeze his ball. 
He reacted immediately. He began to twist his torso back and forth, fear etched on his face. But, of course, his legs were locked so tight to the poles that there was no movement in his penis or testicles. He couldn't escape. She began steadily to increase the pressure and Phil began to moan. "No... please no. Don't... please... don't..." As the pressure increased his moans became a cry of pain and horror. Vida continued to squeeze harder. By now her fingers were white with the pressure she was exerting. They dug right into his ball, almost meeting in the middle as she deformed the over-sized orb. Phil was screaming, now. She squeezed harder and his scream turned to a shriek! 
Suddenly, she released his testicle and glanced back over her shoulder to her guests, with a wicked grin on her face. 
"Sorry," she said. "That wasn't the demonstration... I just couldn't resist it!" There was a titter of laughter from around the table. 
Throughout the brief ordeal, Phil's cock had remained fully erect. Clearly there was some drug involved or it would have been shrivelled up by now. 
Vida picked up the huge syringe and placed the open end of the glass tube over the big swollen head of Phil's penis. It was a snug fit. She slowly slid the cylinder down over the oiled surface until it fetched up at the base of his cock. His cock now almost filled the tube. There was about 1 inch of clear glass between the head of his penis and the start of the alloy section of the syringe. 
Vida turned to Beat. "I think we might need the gag now," she said. "After all, we don't want to hurt our guests ears!" 
Beat picked up a red ball gag from her trolley and forced it into Phil's mouth, whilst squeezing his jaws apart by digging her strong fingers into his cheeks. He made no real attempt to avoid it. He knew there was no option. She strapped the gag behind his head and his mouth was now opened in a big "O", fully filled by the rubber ball. 
Vida made a little theatrical flourish towards Phil's penis, for the benefit of her audience. Then she began to twist the knob on the end of the syringe. We could see the needles start to emerge into the inch of clear space at the top of the glass section of the tube - heading straight towards the big head of Phil's cock that was squashed so firmly in the tube. As the needles began to just touch the head, she paused, just for effect! 
She turned to the audience. "We're trying something for the first time, tonight" she said. "So far, we've been injecting a fairly dilute solution into him and watching the growth over hours and days. However, this solution is very
 concentrated. We're not entirely sure what the outcome will be, but we anticipate, at least, that the next growth spurt will take little more than a few minutes. Whether or not his penis will survive the treatment, we don't know. We hope it will. But in any event, whatever the result, it will further our research!" 
Then she began to crank the needles into his penis. 
As the needles penetrated his skin, Phil began to scream into his gag, resulting in a muffled, strangulated cry that was chilling. His torso was thrashing about and it surprised me that he didn't dislocate his shoulders. Deeper and deeper the needles plunged into his thick organ. I felt sick just watching it. I couldn't imagine the pain he must have been in. All the while, Vida stared into his eyes with an evil glint in her own that reminded me of a cat with a mouse pinned beneath it's paws. When the needles had completed their 10 inch journey down inside the length of his penis, she attached a small canister to the end of the syringe. She twisted the canister and there was a sudden small hiss as if its contents had been released under pressure. 
It must have been the DNA solution that was released. There was a strange rippling effect along the outside of his shaft, visible through glass cylinder. He appeared to go into shock for a moment. His whole body stiffened and his attempts at screaming ceased. His brow furrowed and his mouth froze in a rictus of agony. 
In the brief pause, Vida yanked the tube off his penis, withdrawing the needles from his flesh at the same time. It was accompanied by a slurp of suction noise and a further squeal of pain from Phil. 
His swollen cock was once again fully exposed. It's oily glistening surface began to redden quickly and his body began to shake all over. Before our very eyes the monstrous shaft quickly began to swell. Great ropey veins sprang up along its length and its girth began to increase. There was a deathly hush in the room, broken only by the muffled sound of Phil's scream building rapidly to a crescendo. Everyone stared on in awe, jaws hanging in disbelief. Within a minute it must have added an inch in length and half an inch in diameter. The skin was taut and shiny, not just from the oil but from the way it was stretched. The redness deepened, changing rapidly to a dark pink and then further to a purplish red and finally to a dark plum colour. His head was thrown back in agony, muscles in his neck stretched tight, arteries pulsing dramatically. 
And still it grew. Vida reached out her hand and placed it over the massive purple head. It was now bigger than her palm, swelling to fill the space created by her widely-spaced cupped fingers. She licked her lips, awe-struck and mesmerised. Slowly she slid her hand right down its length till her outstretched fingers were touching his pubic hairs. The shaft rested along her arm, the huge head now nestled against her inner elbow. It must have been a good 15 inches long and a sickening 4 inches in diameter. She leant down and licked the bloated head, squeezing the tumescent shaft hard. Then she spread her legs, thrusting the head up between them, and rubbed herself against it vigorously for a few moments. 
It seemed most unlike Vida. In all the time I'd known her, she had never displayed any overtly sexual movements herself in public. She always orchestrated events, choosing to indulge her own sexual desires in private... like the time she'd raped me before I ran away. She must have been highly aroused! With enormous effort it seemed, she reluctantly stepped back away from the obscene and gigantic penis and turned to the guests. 
"Well," she said. "Time for some fun. It's still growing. I think we should get it into someone now, before it's too big. I can't wait to see what happens when it grows inside our volunteer! So, who's that going to be...?" She had an expectant, quizzical look on her face as she examined her audience. 
+++ 
End of Chapter 6. 
To Be Continued... 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tcheena3


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





