BDSM Library - Catherines Home Invasion




Catherines Home Invasion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Catherine has been waiting for this weekend to satisfy her BDSM fetish for a long time. She stops by the grocery store to buy some bondage items when she runs into her old schoolmate Benny, who is aware of Catherines little secret and decides to follow her home.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-07-31T22:43:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:43:00Z
  9
  3056
  17424
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  145
  40
  20440
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  0
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Catherine
closed the book and looked out the window. Outside the rain brushed lightly
against the window of the library. &quot;I must leave soon&quot; She thought as
she took off her reading glasses and put them back into their case. Her stomach
sounded slightly, &quot;Jack in the box&quot; she thought. She wasn't in the
mood to cook for herself tonight. She just felt like relaxing, spending some
time to herself. She didn't feel particularly tired, in fact she felt more
energetic than usual. Catherine reached for her umberella and returned the case
back in her purse and picking up the book, walked quickly towards the
bookshelves. Her legs felt like they were walking by themselves, she felt as
though a tight knot was pressing against her throat and felt her heart thumping
against her chest. She went to the fiction section of the library and began
searching for the right alphabetical order the book should be placed at,� but the thought in her mind distracted her
from concentrating. &quot;fuck it.&quot; She thought, let the librarian take
care of it, that's what the city pays her for.&quot; Catherine grinned to
herself as she shoved the book in a random corner of the shelf. The feeling
inside her was growing, she'll probably even skip Jack in the Box tonight, too
many stops, &quot;Just one stop tonight&quot; She thought to herself as she
waved the librarian goodbye and walked through the book detectors heading for
the door. She couldn't wait for what she had in store for herself tonight.

&nbsp;

The
high heels made wet crunching sounds against the pavement and echoed through
the empty corridors of the college parking lot. Cathrine took a deep breath,
&quot;calm down, take it easy&quot; she said to herself. slowing down her pace,
she made her way to her 85' Toyota Camery parked alone under the spotlight in
the virtually empty parking lot. Reaching into her purse she grabbed her keys,
unlocked the car, threw her purse in the passenger seat and hopped inside.
Inside the car, with some privacy, Catherine can already feel a slight,
tingling sensation building up between her legs. Damn it! She thought, She
should have done the shopping this morning that would have saved some time. She
reached for the glove compartment and took out a pack of cigarettes and placed
one in her mouth. she put the key in the ignition and pressed the cigarette
lighter. Rummaging through her purse she took out the note she wrote last night
of what to buy at the grocery store for this evening festivities. She looked at
it for a minute with a mischevious grin on her face until the lighter swich
popped out. She grabbed the lighter and lit her cigarette, exhaling smoke. This
calmed her nerves down a little bit. She started the car engine and drove off
into the night.

&nbsp;

It was
almost 10:00pm when Catherine entered the Grocery store. She grabbed a shopping
basket and walked calmly through the aisles. One of the workers passed her by.
&quot;Excuse me, where is the kids toy section?&quot; Catherine asked the
blonde girl in the ponytail. &quot;5b&quot; the girl replied. Catherine thanked
the girl and walked towards the aisle. On her way to the aisle she picked up
some cheap home utility items to mask her purchase. At the kids aisle, she
kneeled down next to a tray of rubber bouncing balls and picked one up. She
contemplated on which color she should get and finally decided on the standard red.
She checked both ends of the aisle making sure nobody was watching and stuffed
the ball briefly in her mouth. Nice, the rubber ball filled her mouth
completely, just a little strain on her jaw. Perfect! she dropped the ball in
her basket and made her way to finish her checklist.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hey
what's up Catherine!&quot; Benny said cheerfully as he rung up her shopping
goods. &quot;Benny! how have you been after all these years?! Catherine said
with a fake smile on her face. Benny was a Sophmore� during her junior year in high school. She
saw him as a nice guy, loner, dork, but cute in his own way. She could remember
he'd sometimes make passing glances at her on his way to class, checking her
out in her skimpy cheerleading outfit. She knew he was looking, but didn't
really mind. Alot of boys did. &quot;Eh, Just the same old life...&quot; he
replied with a bright enthusiastic smile on his freckled face, as he rung up
the red rubber ball, along with some hangers, bag of clothespins, some fruits
and vegtables including lettuce and�
cucumbers, hemp rope, duct-tape and a bunch of other
&quot;household&quot; items. Catherine felt a little guilty as she noticed
herself nodding like she actually gave a damn about the conversation as she
replied &quot;Yea same here, just going to school, catching up on my subjects.&quot;
&quot;Awsome.&quot; Benny replied as he finished bagging her goods.
&quot;What's your major?&quot; &quot;English.&quot; &quot;Nice, English is a
good subject.&quot; He rung up the total and Catherine payed him. &quot;Yes, it
is. See you later Benny.&quot; The store manager walked by and checked his
watch. &quot;Benny! its past ten, go home.&quot; He said. Benny handed
Catherine the reciept and she grabbed both her bags. &quot;Hey we should catch
up some time, grab a coffee or something.&quot; &quot;Sounds great, I come here
all the time, I'm sure I'll see you again soon.&quot; Catherine waved to him as
she headed for the door. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Hmm,
Benny, Catherine thought as she drove down the highway. He grew up a little bit
over the years. Still the same dork though, that was nice of him to invite her
for some coffee. Men rarely asked Catherine out on dates. She got stares and
hollers when she walked down the streets in her tight jeans and tank tops, but
they rarely asked her out on an actual date. Why was it? it was not because of
her looks. At age 25, 5'5 and 110 lbs Catherine had a tight athletic figure and
was worth a second glace by any man passing her by. She has even been asked to
model twice, but declined. She broke up with her last and only boyfriend after
graduating high school who left state to persue Marine Biology at Oberlin, last
thing she heard about him was he was dating some other cheerleader. Catherine
took a long drag off her cigarette and put it out in the ash tray. The night
was young and she'll be home soon.

&nbsp;

Benny
kept his eye on Catherines car as his hand traced across the radio dials to
find a suitable rock station to calm his nerves. His mind raced at the
excitement and the reality of what he was actually doing, and what he needed to
do if he wanted all this to go the way he was planning. He knew Catherine lived
alone. He still talked to a few of his fellow classmates from school who knew
her.� He smiled to himself recalling what
he saw tonight at the grocery store during break. He was hanging out alone in
the office upstairs watching the servailance moniters while waiting for the
manager to hand him his tax papers. He saw a young attractive female walking
down the toy aisle and immediately recognized whom it was. His first instinct
was to walk down there and say hello, but decided to be a peeping tom for a
minute and watched what she was doing. He couldn't believe what he saw next. 

&nbsp;

Benny
followed Catherines car off the freeway off ramp and down towards a main
street. His mind raced a mile a minute as he began to formulate a plan, but the
past kept interfering. He recalled a school house party he'd been to a few
years back. Catherine was there, that's the reason why he went. She came
dressed casually in her tight blue jeans and a black hoodie, but as the party
grew and the room got hotter, and the alcohol began to kick in, she descarted
the hoodie, stripping down to her red tank top, showing off her tight, sexy
curves. Jenny, one of Catherines close friends had a brother who had just
finished Marine boot camp training and was visiting town briefly with a bunch
of his friends before heading off to Arizona. There was booze everywhere and
Benny was a little drunk as well, although, unlike others, he chose mostly to
sit quietly by himself and look through Jenny's record collection and
tec-magazines. Things got pretty crazy towards the end of the night and some of
the older college boys began to hit on some of�
the younger females there. They began asking which of the girls there
were &quot;freaky.&quot; The conversation got pretty provacative as the girls
began to answer the questions given to them with enthusiasm. One of Jenny's
brothers friends then asked Catherine to wear her cheerleading outfit and show
the crowd some moves. Catherine chose to ignore the question but the attention
in the room was now focused on her. One of the college boys there asked her if
she was a freak. Catherine shook her head. That's when Jenny interrupted
&quot;No Catherine isn't freaky, but she is a bit kinky though!&quot;
&quot;Jenny!&quot; Catherine shouted in anger. Jenny immediately clapped her
hands over her mouth, realizing she just shared with the entire room Catherines
little secret. &quot;Dude, guys I was just joking, I don't even know what I'm
talking about.&quot; As Jenny laughed and put her drink down, one of the older
boys moved behind Catherine, grabbed both her hands, and moved them behind her
back.� &quot;What the fuck are you doing!
let me go!&quot; Catherine shouted, the college boy ignored her protests as he
held both of her wrists in place with one hand and sealed her mouth with the
other. 

&nbsp;

By now
the crowd in the room chose to ignore Catherines situation and turned their
attention amongst themselves. &quot;Is this what you mean by freaky?&quot; He
said calmly to her ear. &quot;Mmmmph!&quot; Catherine moaned behind his hand,
twisting her gorgeous body, unable to break free of the tight grasp. &quot;Ted!
let her go! she doesn't like it!&quot; Jenny shouted. Ted chose to hold her
there a few more seconds before freeing her. Catherine stumbled foward and
gained some balance, then immediately turned around and gave Ted a hard shove.
&quot;Asshole!&quot; Ted simply laughed &quot;hey, I'm just joking&quot;
Catherines cheeks were burning red as she reached for a can of beer and drank
it, pretending nothing happened.

&nbsp;

&quot;yep,
those were the days.&quot; Ted said with a smile. &quot;And there's� plenty more up the road Catherine...&quot;
Benny followed Catherines car through the suburbs. She reached her final
destination close to eleven. She parked her car on the driveway to her suburban
home and stepped out of the car, grabbed her groceries and headed for the front
door. Benny sat in the car for a brief moment, thinking as he watched her enter
her home. A moment passed and the living room light turned on. 

&nbsp;

The
home was nice and welcoming and the atmospere had somewhat of a mysterious vibe
tonight, Catherine looked at herself in the mirror. &quot;youre gonna end up
bound, gagged and on the floor helpless.&quot; She said &quot;And you're gonna
love every minute of it aren't you slut.&quot; She clamped her hands next to
her tush and stuck her tits out and presented them to herself, she followed
this with a few body stretches followed by a deep breath. That can come later,
first she wanted to take a nice warm shower to relax her mind and body. She
stuck the veggies in the fredge and put all the others on the dining room
table, and put all the bedroom items in the closet. She struggled out of her
red turtleneck sweater and blue jeans and headed for the bathroom.

&nbsp;

Benny
saw the bathroom light turn on, now was the chance. He looked around the
neighborhood to make sure there wasn't anyone around. Cost was clear. With a
flashlight in hand, he stepped casually out of the car and headed for the front
door. As he approached he heard the slight sound of water hitting the porcelean
through the air. He approached the front door to the house and looked through
the window. A set of couches, fireplace and a television set. He looked further
and saw the bag of groceries from the evening scattered about the table in the
dining room. He checked the door, the doorknob did not turn. He decided to
check the side of the house where it was darker. He walked quickly to the side
of the house and checked the window, it moved slightly, he gave it a harder
tug. It moved up higher with a high pitched creaking sound. He had to be
careful not to have Catherine hear. Inch by inch, Benny Martin carefully opened
the window to about two feet wide, and sneaked inside the dark bedroom. Once
inside the house, he closed the window shut and straightened out the curtains.
Next he quickly hid himself inside the closet and closed the door. 

&nbsp;

Catherine
dried herself off, put on a fresh pair of bra and panties and headed for the
bedroom. Catherine hit the bedroom light switch and took in a deep breath,
&quot;Time for the evenings festivities.&quot; She walked up to the closet door
and opened it. Bending over she seached for the scarf, rubberball and duct
tape, she couldn't find them. All she saw next was a pair of arms lunge out
from underneath the rummage of shoes and boxes. In a split second the figure
tackled Catherine to the floor and just as she was taking in a deep breath of
air to scream for help, the stranger delivered a quick solid punch to her
abdomen, breaking the airflow to her lungs and silencing her, leaving Catherine
temporary breathless, she tried to bring herself back on her knees and fight
off the intruder, she brought back her right leg and threw a kick directed at
the attackers groin, but missed and hit his side. Benny quickly climbed onto
Catherines struggling body and rested his ass on her tight stomach. Catherines
hands found Benny's throat and she attempted to drive her thumbs into his adams
apple. Benny quickly grabed Catherines wrists and rolled her over on her
stomach, he then applied a blood-choke hold on her he learned awhile back from
one of his friends. Catherines hand scratched at Benny's head, yanking his hair
and hitting him. Her other hand elboed Benny's sides repeatedly but Catherines
attacker did not budge. After thirty long seconds of struggling, Catherine lost
conciousness. Benny continued the choke hold for another thirty seconds to
prolong the effect. When he was finished, he brought out the duct tape, rubber
ball, and rope and began working on his prey.

&nbsp;

Catherine
woke up in her living room. She was sitting on a wooden chair from the dining
room. Infront of her was a tv dinner table and on� that table were the items she bought that
evening at the grocery store. Clothespins, strips of cloth, strings, duct tape,
a line of hemp rope and two cucumbers. She tried to get up but her arms were
tied to the chair behind her with rope and duct tape. Her arms were bound tight
by her wrists and elbows thrusting her ample breasts proudly foward. More rope
and duct tape was added to her slim waists, securing her to the chair. Her legs
were tied also by the thighs and ankles. Her mouth was stuffed with something
big, rubber and round and held in place with rounds and rounds of duct tape
around her head. She tried to say something behind the gag, but only heard it
as a distant moan. She heard someone in her bedroom, the sound of her drawers
being open and shut, as the fog cleared from her head, the reality of her
situation hit home. She had been burglarized and taken hostage in her own
house. Benny! The man who attacked her in her bedroom was Benny from the
Grocery store. How did he know where she lived? Did he follow her home soon
after packing her bags? Catherines gaze returned to the items on the table
infront of her. She begain straining against her tight bonds, twisting her half
naked body this way and that, testing her bonds to see if any part of it would
break, all to no use. 

&nbsp;

Benny
arrived at the doorway. &quot;how's my little slut doing this evening?&quot;
Catherine shouted at him behind her gag. &quot;Mmmmmph!!&quot; Benny simply
stood back and watched the half naked woman in front of him straining against
the rope and duct tape that bound her to the chair. &quot;There's nothing more
beautiful in the world than a helpless woman, stripped naked, bound and gagged,
she's almost like a prisoner in her own body.&quot; He said calmly as he moved
close to her and caressed her silky hair.�
&quot;Especially when deep down she enjoys it.&quot; Catherine protested
behind the gag as she shook her head, her cheeks turning a bright cherry red.
&quot;We're gonna have a little fun tonight, just me and you.&quot; Benny
reached in his pocket and pulled out a bright pink dildo. &quot;Hope you don't
mind me using this. I found it in your drawers.&quot; He turned the little
switch on the end of the dildo and it began vibrating in his hand making a low
humming sound. &quot;Good, good, battery seems to be full...&quot; Catherine
moaned behind her gag and twisted and turned her body, determined more than
ever to break free of her bonds. Benny turned the dildo off and placed it next
to the other items on the small table. &quot;Don't worry we'll be playing with
these too...&quot; Benny said as he left the room and went to the kitchen,
after a brief moment he returned with a pair of scissors and began cutting the
rope and tape that bound Catherine to the chair, but still left the ones around
her wrists, elboes and legs. He noticed her looking at the front door as he did
this, Benny grabbed Catherines cheeks and turned her head so her eyes met his.
From his pocket he brought out an electric tazer he found in Catherines purse.
&quot;Don't even think about it, it's no use, if I use this on you while you're
gagged there's a good chance the effect will be lethal, you're lungs will
temporarily collapse and the gag will make any air returning to them very
difficult.&quot; Benny began cutting off the tape and rope around Catherines
thigh and ankles.

&nbsp;

Benny
sat comfortably in a chair in the living room, sipping wine he found in the
kitchen cabnet. Infront of him, in the middle of the room stood Catherine, a
few feet behind her, facing Benny was a television set. He watched for a brief
moment his captive struggling infront of him before he went to the VCR and
popped in a videotape he found in Catherines video collection titled:
&quot;Cheerleading Routines/Moves/Dances.&quot;�
He sat himself back on the chair and pressed play on the remote. &quot;I
want to see every move, exactly as you performed on this video tape, remember
slut, down to every dance, routine, bumb n grind, tumble whatever you wanna
call it. Any sign of hesitation will result in this belt to that cute little
ass and tits of yours.&quot; Catherine moaned behind her gag, pleading to him
with her eyes. &quot;Get ready, it's about to start.&quot; Benny placed the
lether belt on his lap and calmly sipped his wine. Catherine stood in the
middle of the room, her tits where bound tightly at the base, making them
buldge out like round, purplish baloons. The remaining rope was wrapped above
and below her breasts before being tied behind her back. Another length of rope
was tied to this rope behind her back before running down underneath the
waistrope, tied to the humming vibrator buldging out of her asshole, looped and
tied to the cucumber in her cunt, then running back up underneath the waistrope
infront of her, and tied to the rope between her aching mounds. Now any upper
body movement Catherine made was felt directly to her cunt, tits and anus. She
wore a cheerleading skirt, two sizes small which she had bought for her ex
boyfriend which barely covered her crotch. She held pom poms in both her hands,
which were taped and sealed tightly around the handles with layers of duct
tape. &quot;Time to show some school spirit!!&quot; Benny said cheerfully as he
upped the volume on the television monitor. Some heavy hiphop music began
playing on the soundtrack as the girls on the monitor began to practice their
moves slowly in half time rhythum, gyrating to the music, doing a few bumps and
grinds in between. Catherine first only rocked back in forth to the music,
moaning and pleading helplessly behind the gag, but soon with each whip from
the leather belt, became more active. Within five long minutes of whipping and
the vibrator and cucumber teasing her holes, she was moving just as
energitically with the girls dancing on the monitor, although her face showed a
look of shame, humiliation, and defeat. Catherine closed her legs, arched her
back, sobbing into her gag, threw her arms up strait, vertically in the air and
shook her ass back and forth as she slowly bent her knees. She then spun around
180 degrees, spread her legs, bent foward and arched her back, moaning as the
intruders buried themselves deeper inside her as she shook her tush at Benny,
her entire body dripping with sweat from the intense workout. Benny grinned as
he sipped his wine and checked his watch. &quot;Another half hour would
do.&quot; He thought. &quot;By then she'd me more than ready for his next
little game.&quot;

&nbsp;

TO BE
CONTINUED...

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
















CATHERINES HOME INVASION.

(Part 2)


It was around midnight when Catherine was told to stop. "On your knees, spread your legs and place your hands behind your head!" Benny ordered. Catherine slumped down from exhaution and obeyed his command. "Arch your back slut! I want to see tits and pits!" Catherine arched her back and moaned as the rope tied from the base of her swollen tits to her crotch was pulled taut, stuffing the cucumber deeper inside her dripping hole. Benny walked up to the television moniter and turned it off. The room was now quiet and the only thing Catherine heard was her own muffled panting. 

"Stay where you are my little pet." Benny said giving Catherine a mischevious grin as he turned his head and headed for her room. "Were not finished till the horny slut cums." Catherine kneeled alone, naked in her own living room while Benny rummaged through her clothes. She thought about heading for the door. "no, no use." it was locked, and with her hands sealed tightly around the pom poms there was no way she'd be able to unlock it unless with considerable time and effort, and even then what would she do? who would she go to? She could run across the street to her neighbor Mark Sullivan's house, he was usually awake till around two in the morning fixing his truck in the garage. But Mark was a forty something year old single man and Catherine hardly even knew him. She was at his house once, with two of her friends of course, she'd never go there alone. Catherine had some engine problem with her car and Mark offered to take a look at it. He had offered the girls some heinekens while the three waited so they drank the beer and conversed while Mark took a look at her car. "Just one of the spark plugs arent firing" Said Mark after a while, joining the girls in the living room, wiping his thick greasy hands on the sides of his overalls. "I'll get you a knew one and replace it for ya?" he said as he plumped his heavy frame in the middle of the empty room. Catherine remembered thinking it was strange how a grown man whom lived in the house for almost as long as her could have kept his living room almost empty after all these years. When asked the question, Mark simply replied he just likes it this way. "No thanks, I need to learn how to work my way around a car anyways," She replied. "well if you ever need help, you know where to find me." He winked and sipped his beer. Catherine remembered: She had a thing for men covered in grease after a hard days work, Their strong ruff callused hands groping her tender naked flesh as they throw her on the hood of her own car and pound her senseless into multiple orgasms. Her attention turned to the vibrating cock thrashing away in her asshole. 

Catherine rocked her head back, closing her eyes as her tape bound hands slowly worked their way towards her nipple and cunt, She groaned deeply. "Just one orgasm" She thought, All she needed was one orgasm and her mind will get rid of the haze which clouded her own reason and judgement and then she'd think of a way out of this situation, at least this is what she told herself. She arched her back and spread her legs even wider and rested her weight on the phallises buldging out of her aching holes as she grinded them on the floor. Her taped hands which looked more like a big ball of silver tape behind a patch of glittering fibers stroked her exposed nipples and sex. Her entire body was covered in a thin layer of sweat. She gyrated her hips, pulling herself towards that much needed orgasm inch by inch, she could feel herself comming towards that peak, then suddenly, a hand went around her and found its way to the remote switch connected to the vibrator and turned it off. Catherine opened her eyes to match Bennys gazing directly into hers. "oh so very close!" he chuckled mockingly. Catherine groaned deeply in frustration. She looked at him, pleading with her eyes and making begging noises behind the gag. She was angry at him, angry for violating her rights, burglarizing her home, attacking and physcally restraining her against her will, making her humiliate herself, ruining her bondage evening, forcing her to the peak of her orgasm then denying it. 
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Benny was holding a pair of short shorts, some rope, the leather belt and a skimpy black tube top. "Its a nice night for a walk." He said as he helped Catherine off the floor to her feet. He grabbed Catherine by the knot between her tits and let her to the bathroom.

Once inside Benny put the toilet lid down. "Put your right foot on the lid slave." Catherine obeyed. From his pocket, Benny brought out a pair of scissors and cut the rope to Catherines chest, waist and crotch. She moaned in pleasure when Benny undid the rope at the base of her tits, pumping the blood back into her breasts.&nbsp; He then pulled out the cucumber from her dripping hole, Benny brought the cucumber up to his nose, took a long whiff of it, then descarted it into the trash. He then pulled out the shit covered vibrator from Catherines abused asshole and gave it a long deep whiff. He brought Catherine next to the sink and tossed the vibrator inside.&nbsp; He began undoing the tape sealing Catherines hands to the pom poms. "clean it up, slut." He began working on her other hand. "Remember I still have the tazer." Benny patted the buldge in his pocket. 

With both her hands freed and still gagged, Catherine cleaned the vibrator with soap and scorching hot water. once finished, she handed it back to Benny. He took the vibrator and set it on tease mode. Benny bent over next to Catherine "Spread your legs! let me see that cunt!" Catherine shook her head. Benny looked up at her with a evil sadistic grin. Catherine sniffed, closed her eyes and lifted her left leg off the floor. She knew she had no choice but to obey, Benny had the tazer, she told herself. She simply had no choice. "Good girl." Said Benny as he shoved the pink penis deep inside Catherines exposed cunt. Next he picked up the pair of short shorts and the leather belt off the floor and gave it to Catherine. "Put these on!" Catherine squeezed herself into the pair of jeans, next Benny threaded the belt around her waist, there was a small control switch which ran from a wire attached to the dildo buried in Catherines pussy. Benny took the control switch and placed it in the pocket of the shorts. Next came the tube top. it was tight and small, exposing most of Catherines flat toned stomach and left a nice round view of her cleavage. Next, Benny took a strand of rope and moved both of Catherines arms behind her back. He then tied her wrists to the belt behind her back. He stepped back and admired the view: Catherine's arms where swept behind her back and bent at the elbows, her hands seemed to "rest" right above her buttocks, making it look like she was choosing to assume this suggestive pose, thrusting her tits proudly foward for the passers by to admire. Next, Benny took a pair of scissors and cut two very tiny holes right next to Catherines nipples, just big enough to squeeze them through the tight fabric. Catherine moaned in pleasure as he sucked and nibbled on both nipples untill they were rock hard. They were now ready for their night out in the suburbs.

The rain had stopped and the suburb was quiet and misty. Benny took Catherine out on the front porch and closed the front door behind them. "promise not to scream?" Benny asked her. Catherine nodded her head. Benny began undoing the cloth and duct tape sealing the rubber ball in Catherines mouth. He retrieved the slimy ball and placed it in his pocket, then put his arm around Catherines slim waist. "Lets go." The night air breezed on Catherines exposed nipples, teasing them.
"How did you get in?" 
"Through the window, in your bedroom."
"You're going to regret this."
"Really?"
"Yes you are."
"What do you plan on doing?"
Benny moved behind Catherine and pulled elboes closer together, forcing her breasts out onto the cool midnight air.
"Is this what you call kinky, slut?"
Benny reached for the control switch in Catherines pocket and upped the vibration a notch. "Ohhh!" Catherine bent her legs and moaned, looking into Benny's eyes. Benny smiled and led Catherines straining body towards the sidewalk. "Please! don't do this." She pleaded "Sure I can." Said Benny. "You have no choice." He reached for her right nipple and rolled it between his fingers. Catherine moaned and pressed her breast against Benny's hand. 

The two turned a corner, a couple was walking their way, with a dog, a Newfoundland. "No!" Catherine whispered, struggling to get away and run back to her home. Benny kept his arm wrapped tightly around Catherines waist. With his other hand, he squeezed her right nipple and held his hand there. "Act normal and they won't notice." The couple was getting close, now about 25 feet away, talking amongst themselves, not noticing the two. "Get a hold of yourself slut!" Catherine stopped struggling and looked down. "Lets go." The two walked towards the couple. 

The couple and their dog and Benny and Catherine passed under an old Sycamore tree and the four were under a dark shade. "How are you two doing tonight?" Benny asked the couple in a friendly grocery store voice before upping the vibrator in Catherines cunt to "high." "Fine, just enjoying the night." The woman said. "Yup, same here." Benny stuck out his hand "Benny." He said, intruducing himself. "Hello, I'm Brooke" said the woman, stopping to shake his hand" "And you are?" She asked Catherine reaching out her hand. Catherine twisted her body, straining against the rope which bound her wrists "Catherine nice to meet you." She backed away, grinding and squeezing her thighs together as she did this. Benny walked behind Catherine and wrapped his arms around her waist. "you'd have to excuse her, she's shy." He said, "And you are?" "Shane" said the man. The two shook hands. Shanes face was cast in shadow, He seemed in his mid thirties from the sound of his voice and the way he rocked his face up and down while he spoke, Catherine wasnt sure, but she felt his dark gaze on her exposed flesh. Benny gently stroked Catherines stomach as he conversed with the couple. The dog seemed to notice the soft humming sound behind the conversation and kept shifting his attention on Catherines aching crotch. "How long have you two been dating?" Brooke asked. Benny moved his hands up to Catherines ample breasts, squeezed and massaged them, playing with her exposed nipples. "We just started tonight." Brooke smiled and grabbed Shanes arm and began walking again. "We'll let you two have your fun then." She said abit uncomfortably but with a hint of a smirk. Shane kept his eyes on Catherine "Come on honey." Brooke said, She pulled on her fiances arm to pry his gazing lustful eyes off Catherines twisting body. "Nice to meet you two." Shane said, dragged by his fiance.

The two continued their walk again, Catherines legs weakened like jelly. "Oh my God!" she panted. Her thighs began to shake. her fat pussy pumped hard on the rubber intruder, the tention building up in her crotch came to its peak. "Get a hold of yourself slut!" Benny yanked her up by the elboes, then went for the switch in her short pocket and turned it back to "tease" Catherine rolled her head back "Ohh! Fuck you Benny!" she groaned. Benny twisted Catherines nipple hard in a counter clockwise motion. She whimpered in pain. " you're in no such position for that kind of talk." He flicked hard on her other nipple. "what do you say?" "I'm sorry." He flicked her other nipple and then rolled it between his thumb and forefinder. "wrong answer cunt! what are you?" 
"A slut! This slut is sorry!" 
Benny yanked her hair back and shoved something in her mouth, the red rubber ball she'd bought at the store earlier in the evening. "Keep it in your mouth slut, that's an order."

As they walked Benny began to whistle a tune looking at the houses for a short minute. then turned his attention back to Catherine. "So what were your plans for the night? Just a little bit of self Bondage?"
Catherine looked at the houses if any lights in them were on. most of them were black, except a few. She nodded. "With a pair of handcuffs?" She nodded. as they walked She glanced at herself on the side windows of the parked cars. She saw a slut, a college campus bimbo. A dumb, girly, tight bodied hoe. 

The two walked around the entire block, to Catherine this seemed almost like an eternity.



TO BE CONCLUDED...











Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gizmo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





