BDSM Library - Freedom Denied




Freedom Denied
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman gets kidnapped at the airport and turned in to a cum slut.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-31T22:27:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:27:00Z
  6
  2440
  13908
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  115
  32
  16316
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied.

&nbsp;

By Niteowluk2003
for Freedom.

&nbsp;

Amanda was 5'6''
tall, with Auburn hair, 38 D bust set on a medium frame she considered to be
fat rather than meaty. Her most striking feature were her piercing green hazel
eyes, they had a habit of appearing to see right into your soul. Although she
was only 26 years old, she already had a very responsible job as head of the
typing pool for Stanton, Stanton and Wakefield attorneys at law. There were 8
legal secretary typists working beneath her and all of them would agree that
she was strict but fair, she even allowed the girls to call her Mandi.

&nbsp;

Sure when she
first rose to the job, three years ago she had been seen as a push over for sob
stories and most of the older women had tried to pinch time off with some
excuse or other. She had always managed to see through the fake stories and
recognised the truth. She was happy to help in genuine cases but did not suffer
fools gladly.

&nbsp;

Tomorrow, she was
about to start her first vacation in 5 years and had arranged a temp cover for
the six weeks she planned to be away in Europe. She had planned every last
detail to start her journey in London and finish flying back to the states from
the Mediterranean coast of France. Little did she know how much her plans would
be changed?

&nbsp;

She flew from JFK
in New York to London Heathrow aboard an American Airlines 757 jet, treating
herself to an upgrade to business class. She was not aware of the interest she
had already started seven rows of seats behind her. Once in the air, the
unfasten your seatbelt sign flashed on and people began to walk around. She
rose and decided to head for the in flight lounge bar, she swore a Margarita
had her name on it and was constantly calling her.

&nbsp;

A man approached
her, she estimated to be 27 or 28 years old, he asked if he could buy her a
drink and she defensively declined until he persisted and she found his eyes
very enthralling, they seemed to swell and draw her very soul into them.

&nbsp;

She found herself
now agreeing to have the drink with him as they slid into one of the alcoves
seats near the bar. As the drinks were being made, they made small talk and she
found herself telling this stranger all about her plans to tour around Europe.

&nbsp;

She answered his
seemingly innocent questions about her safety plans travelling alone, and how
often she would be calling home to let loved ones know she was ok.

She admitted that
she had not planned to call anyone for those reasons but would call her work to
make sure everything was ok about every two weeks.

&nbsp;

Seven hours later
she had inadvertently divulged where she worked, where she was staying in
London, how long and her plans for the next leg of her tour. The man then
excused himself and said &quot;I have to make a business call! I will be right
back&quot; he then slipped away.

&nbsp;

Thirty minutes
later the Captain announced, &quot;Would all passengers please return to their
seats as we are coming in to land!&quot; 

&nbsp;

She immediately
returned to her seat passing the guy she had been speaking to, she should have
been more worried if she had seen properly the nudge and point he had given his
colleague sat beside him.

&nbsp;

Everything
progressed as normal, the plane landed ok; they disembarked and made their way
through passport control and eventually to the baggage hall. Suddenly she was
tapped on the shoulder and the same young man asked if they could offer her a
lift into central London as their employer always sent a limo to pick them up.
Again the guy's eyes seemed to hypnotise her and she found herself accepting.

&nbsp;

Carefree and
without a single worry, she stepped from the terminal building and straight
into the black limo, with her new found companions. Again alarm bells should
have been ringing as she found herself sat between the guy and his colleague in
the back of the limo with blacked out windows.

&nbsp;

As the car weaved
through the traffic, she suddenly felt the two guys closing in on her, it
seemed her arms were being pinned to her side by their manly bulks. She
struggled as a cloth was placed over her nose and mouth and as she fought she
found her strength fade really fast. She began seeing the light fading away to
murky blackness and then suddenly she went limp and almost fell to the floor
unconscious. She was grabbed by the two guys and held in place between them. 

&nbsp;

When she started
to come round she noticed the car was no longer moving, in fact as she began to
become aware of her surroundings she noticed she was no longer in the car at
all. She scanned the room around her and noticed it was decidedly bare of
furniture, the walls were stone with no plaster on them and the floor was also
stone and cold to her naked feet. Her eyes travelled up from her feet and she
realised she was naked but unable to move her hands to cover her pussy or
breasts. She tried to step forward but her back was immediately pulled back and
she felt the hard restraint of the wall against her spine.

&nbsp;

She began to
panic as how she got here and why she was now fastened to the wall. The first
question began to dawn on her as she recalled accepting the lift from the man
she had spent time talking to on the flight. Why she was here was a complete
mystery to her but she feared the worst as she spotted the heavy silken ropes
that bound her hands and arms to the carefully placed wall mounted rings. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly her
attention was drawn to a voice, which said &quot;Agh, Good morning Miss Brown,
or should I call you slut Mandi!&quot; she scanned the room but could see no
one, here ears detected the sound coming from a beam some ten feet in front of
her and then concentrating she saw the small camera. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You may not
call me anything!&quot; she demanded, &quot;not till you release me and explain
why I have been brought here!&quot; she continued.

&nbsp;

&quot;OH good, it
is as I hoped you are strong willed and willing to fight, your training will be
all the more pleasant for me then. But unfortunately far less so for you!&quot;
the voice continued.

&nbsp;

&quot;Rest as
much as you can, Slut Mandi, for your training will begin in around two hours
time and I can promise you that by the time the training is underway you will
be more co-operative&quot; the voice stressed. Mandi struggled against her
bonds until she actually caused severe Indian burns to her wrists but the bonds
held.

&nbsp;

Suddenly she saw
the man who had got her into this mess enter through a door, she screamed at
him &quot;Bastard, if you don't release me, I will make sure your done for
kidnapping!&quot; he smiled.

&nbsp;

&quot;Silly
bitch! You would have to be free to report me and besides, did you not accept
my offer of a lift of your own free will!&quot; he snapped back at her.
&quot;Even if you were to escape this room, this house and ultimately these
grounds, you would never make it the 200 miles to London&quot; he lied.

&nbsp;

She was just
about to scream at him again, when with a quick flick of his elbow he slapped
her smartly across the face. She was stunned into silence. He leaned forward
and pinching hard on her left nipple he declared this place is inescapable,
sound proofed and miles from anywhere. A perfect torture chamber, where I can
do what ever I like to you and no one would hear, see or do anything about it.

&nbsp;

He turned and
walked around the corner, returning shortly with a large fire hose, turning
it's nozzle full on he washed her freezing body down with icy cold water under
immense pressure. So much pressure in fact that she could not get her breath
and soon fainted.

&nbsp;

Ten minutes
lapsed before she stirred again, only this time she was on her back on some
sort of table or bed, but the only thing holding her off the floor appeared to
be a frame and the fact her arms and legs were tied tightly to this frame. Next
she heard the squeaky wheels of a trolley of some sort getting ever closer,
when suddenly the noise stopped, she tried to raise her head to see where the
noise had come from but the ligature around her neck prevented her raising her
head enough.

&nbsp;

Then into view
came Adam, the man who started this nightmare for Mandi, He smiled down at her
and said that she needed to lose a few pounds before the real training was to
start and he had the perfect way for her to do so. She then felt her legs being
forced open and what she thought was a solid four-inch object being forced into
her cunt, deeper and deeper it went till she felt it hit her womb. She began
screaming when Adam threatened to pour a clear plastic tube of cockroaches into
her cunt. He laughed as he said, &quot;that's only as a punishment&quot;

&nbsp;

She then felt
something being forced in to her anal ring, not quite as wide as the thing up
her cunt but still as hard and forceful. This item stretched her anal ring and
seemed to reach into the very pit of her stomach before it stopped advancing
deeper. Next she saw Adam come towards her with a rigid plastic tube, two
inches in diameter and he simply said &quot;Open wide and breath through your
nose&quot;

&nbsp;

She refused to
open her mouth, shaking her head from side to side to avoid him pinching her
nose. Suddenly she felt an excoriating pain in her right nipple and it felt
like something was tearing into her flesh. She immediately stopped struggling
and meekly opened her mouth. The tube was pushed into her mouth and part way
into her throat; she found she could still breath through her nose, despite the
feeling of her throat being filled with this tube. Expecting something to be
poured down the tube, she tensed her body as tight as possible, hoping that
they would think she would be fatally harming herself and have to release her
slightly so she could at least lash out with her feet. But it never happened;
instead Adam began wrapping her feet in muslin cloth working his way up her
body. When he reached her cunt and ass, he wrapped around the obstructions and
continued tightly wrapping her up mummy fashion. Just as he reached her tit
level, he stopped and delighted in showing her the thing which had caused her
so much pain earlier. It was a two-inch wide crocodile clip with serrated edges
and not only that but there were wires coming from these clips. 

&nbsp;

She sensed before
she felt the biting pressure of the crocodile clip's jaws, and then Adam
wrapped them inside the muslin cloth as he continued to encase her full body.
Now only her head remained uncovered and he seemed to delight in teasing her
that even this would be remedied shortly. He went on to explain that the tube
in her cunt was so things could be added directly into her cunt, the same with
the tube up her ass, only that ones main use would be for her to expel her shit
after all if they pump it in through her mouth tube it would need to have an
exit route.

&nbsp;

She tried to beg
him to release her but with the tube down her throat the only sounds she made
were almost unintelligible grunts. Adam then held up a large 5 litre bottle and
explained this was a special formula of proteins, diet aids, glucose and
laxatives, he delighted in telling her she would be having one full one of
these bottles every day for the next week, and that was all she would be
allowed by way of food. Further more he explained that the wires attached to
the clips would be attached to a low voltage system that when her body
temperature reached the point where she would start sweating she would receive
minute electrical shocks passing through her nipples to the earthing rod he
would be soon fastening to her big toes.

&nbsp;

He then further
explained that an outer layer of cling film would ensure a quick build up of
body temp to assist in reaching that sweat temperature point. Next he continued
to wrap her in the muslin cloth finally covering her eyes and ears. She then
felt total isolation as all sight and sound was denied her. Her body already
felt encased in a steel corset covering her from head to foot and taking deep
breaths were virtually impossible resulting in her panting with rapid short
breaths. This also helped generate the heat in her body; She began to feel the
extra tightness being applied as the cling film wrap was applied, it spread
like a creeping sickness from her feet up and with in a short space of time
engulfed her entire body. 

&nbsp;

Unaware that a
large buck was placed below her anal tube and heaters brought in to surround
her, she found it difficult to concentrate on anything and frequently lapsed
into unconsciousness, only to be brought round by the air tube becoming blocked
with the next dose of her revolting liquid food. 

&nbsp;

It was not long
before her naturally urges to pass water and waste, began to cramp up her
stomach muscles and she found it difficult to pass water as the tube was
pressed against her bladder, but she found the passing of solid waste easier
but constantly running through her mind was the notion that she could imagine
this sliding slowly down the clear plastic tube. Why would they want to
humiliate her like this, what had she done to deserve this treatment.

&nbsp;

Even more
worrying was the nagging feeling at the back of her mind, why did they want her
to lose some weight, Ok she was not happy with they way she herself perceived
her weight to be, but that was her prerogative.

&nbsp;

All the time her
body was warming up, when suddenly the burning throbbing pains started, they
began in her nipples and began shooting down towards her toes. At one point
they became so bad that she actually pissed herself and could fell the wetness
around her arse as it soaked the muslin. All the time more and more of this
revolting food was passing down her throat and into her stomach. Occasionally
she sensed that the food supply had been removed because her breathing became
minutely easier and this was always followed by a warm wet sensation flooding
her throat. She tried to believe this warm wet flooding was just warm water to
wash her food further into her stomach, but she more than suspected that it was
urine from her captors.

&nbsp;

She lost all
sense of time, day or night and found it become more and more difficult to
concentrate for any length of time, what with the electric shocks almost
constantly burrowing through her soul to her toes, and the almost constant
feeling of being bloated and sickly, even the act of passing her own urine
seemed a million miles away. She tried to concentrate on anything that would
stop her mind from shutting down. She suspected that this was the ultimate aim
of this sensory deprivation so they could brain wash her into what ever they
wanted her to become.

&nbsp;

She tried to
concentrate on anything that could give her an idea of some type of timescale,
she decide the only regular occurrence at the moment was the passing of the
contents of her bowels into the tube, which was always accompanied by a muscle
spasm in her anal ring. So it became her regulator clock, her day was measure
by the cramping of her anal ring instead of hours and minutes. This worked for
a while but even that had its drawbacks, as she now could not remember if she
had felt it 15 times or 18 times.

&nbsp;

She was slowly
losing her mind; she mumbled her name and her co-workers names in her mind to
prevent total loss of identity. But even that failed to help as she started of
naming all eight colleagues and their heights, ages and hair colours. All too
soon she could only vaguely remember them and now struggled to name three of
them the remaining eight had been lost to her memory. The three she managed to
name were the company directors she worked for, as for her typists, she could
not even name one.

&nbsp;

How long this
went on for she could not say, until suddenly she felt her tightness around her
head being released, or was she going insane. No she was sure the tightness was
fast fading away. Suddenly small chinks of light broke through the wrappings
hurting her eyes as they stung them back to life. She was soon totally
unwrapped and immediate became aware of the awful urine smells emanating from
her own body. 

&nbsp;

She tried to
stretch her muscles which severely cramped up on her after so long with out
movement and she received one almighty shock as a cascade of freezing cold
water drenched her hot sweaty body. Then she noticed two naked women using
towels to wipe her body down, they tried not to look at her face as they did
so. She managed to see that each of them wore a tattooed mark in the form of a
blue butterfly with yellow numbers on its wings.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  4
  1544
  8807
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  73
  20
  10331
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied 02

&nbsp;

Chapter 2.

&nbsp;

The woman with
the tattoo with the number of 1001 began pulling the bin out from under Mandi's
body, whilst the one with 0909 tattoo began to mop the floor area beneath
Mandi. Mandi heard one of the women say, &quot;Fuck this bitch has nearly
filled this shit bin!&quot;

&nbsp;

The other
responded &quot;Never, the most anyone has filled it in the past would have
been two months ago and she only managed about a third of the bin!&quot;

&nbsp;

They both
sniggered as they moved out of Mandi's line of sight; then suddenly Adam
appeared and immediately slapped Mandi's ass real hard. Mandi swore and Adam
heard it, before replying he scowled and said, &quot;So your still defiant are
you!&quot; &quot;May be you will be regretting that after your next ordeal!&quot;

&nbsp;

Mandi yelled &quot;Don't
fuck with me, I have friends!&quot; 

&nbsp;

Adam laughed in
Mandi's face and added &quot;So get your friends to come on over here and they
too can fuck with you!&quot; he continued, &quot;You must be physic or how else
do you explain your knowing your going to be fucked!&quot;

&nbsp;

The two tattooed
ladies, reappeared and following Adam's instructions they untied Mandi and
prepared to reposition her into a kneeling position. As soon as they untied
Mandi, she tried to throw her weight against Adam but because of the time scale
of her being mummy bound her muscles were very weak and she barely nudged him.
All she got was a crashing blow in the middle of her back for her trouble and
the promise of an extra six lashes with the riding crop to come.

&nbsp;

Mandi was forced
on to her knees and her arms were stretched straight out sideways where they
were then anchored to two upright stock pillars. These prevented her from
moving or standing. Adam then unceremoniously removed the three tubes; he cared
not that her cunt would be sore as he forcefully yanked the first tube from her
pussy. He took even less care as he removed the tube up her arse, he noted a
little blood on the end and was almost tempted to make her lick this tube
clean. However he did not, but he did take his penis out of his trousers and
placed the head near the tube still sticking from Mandi's mouth. He then took
great delight in informing Mandi, he was going to piss into the tube and she
would be unable to do anything except swallow all his urine.

&nbsp;

He even made the
two tattooed women berate Mandi as being a piss drinking slut bitch. When he
began pissing the tube could not take the flow away fast enough and so the tube
appeared to fill up with the golden coloured fluid. They watched intently as it
slowly filtered through into her stomach. By the time he had finished his piss,
Mandi's stomach was bloated and she herself had a severe need to go piss. She
relaxed her bladder muscle only to receive Adam's boot in her cunt area as he
spotted the first trickle of her urine. Instinctively Mandi tightened her
bladder muscle cutting of the flow but not cutting off the spreading pain
emanating from her reddening pussy lips.

&nbsp;

Apart from this
pain in her pussy, the rest of her body, like her mind was numb. She managed
only the basic of thoughts now and what amazed her was the fundamental level of
those thoughts. Like thank god breathing was an automatic instinct or she would
have stopped long ago.

&nbsp;

Adam had known
that the lengthy period she had been deprived of sight and sound would have the
effect of wiping her preconditioning in her brain. No one had ever lasted more
than three full days, yet Mandi had held out for five full days. One hundred
and twenty hours of total abstinence of sounds or sight had slowed her
reactions and thought processes, even to the point of making her slow at
repeating her own name. Adam did note though that she was still a little
aggressive in her backchat but the next seven hours would surely remedy that.

&nbsp;

A rigid collar
was then fastened around her neck and adjusted between the two upright posts
forcing her to raise her chin. Her legs were then pulled back behind her and
spread wide apart and a four foot spreader bar was attached, Adam delighted in
the fact that now not only was her cunt and anal ring on full display but there
was nothing she could do to hide them from prying eyes or fingers for that
matter.

&nbsp;

Adam then told
Mandi that he was going to remove the tube from her throat, she should relax or
the reflux syndrome would kick in and she could drowned in her own vomit. Mandi
tried to Relax but was taken by surprise with the speed at which the tube was
withdrawn. Her throat muscles contracted so quickly she could not help but
begin retching and throwing up all the urine and bile from her stomach; most of
which went all over her 38D breasts. The two tattooed ladies mumbled something
like a swear word until Adam scowled at them, then they simply brought the hose
and sprayed freezing cold water over Mandi again.

&nbsp;

Adam ordered the
two women to own up who had mumbled the swear word or both would face the
punishment. Woman 0909 admitted it was she and immediately turned her back to
Adam and bent over gripping her ankles. Adam produced a large leather paddle
with studs attached and promptly laid it heavily across the woman's arse
drawing blood with every slap.

&nbsp;

He then informed
Mandi she could expect similar treatment if she persists in not obeying her
instructions. Adam looked at his watch and announced it is time for the fun to
begin, he pushed a button secreted in the panel three feet in front of her face
and a section opened up to reveal a TV and video. He quickly turned them on and
the screen sprang into life with the view of a woman bound and servicing three
men. All the men were well endowed and the woman was being a complete cum slut
eagerly sucking on one man's impressive member whilst taking the other two deep
inside her cunt. Mandi had never seen a woman taking two cocks up her pussy
before and the sight began to turn her on very much, but she was not about to
admit that to Adam. 

&nbsp;

She screamed at
him that the images were vile and obscene and typically male orientated
perverse crap. He allowed her rant to continue smiling to himself; when she
finally stopped thinking she had shocked him, he suddenly announced &quot;You
should have waited to hear the rules, stupid cuntin' bitch, they are behave
well to the images and become rewarded with proper food and good experiences
react badly and you suffer&quot;

&nbsp;

With that he
turned a dial and the clamps still attached to Mandi's nipples burst into life
applying terrible electric shocks through her nipples to her toes. Adam merely
laughed at her discomfort, Mandi lost control of her bladder muscle from the
intense spasms and a full flood of urine splashed around her feet. Adam added,
much to Mandi's humiliation, &quot;Normally you would be made to lick up your
spillages but as your still not subservient yet, you will have to endure the
stench of it!&quot;

&nbsp;

After what seemed
like a lifetime Mandi's wracked body stopped its violent shaking as the current
was turned off. She thought she was being clever as she mumbled almost under
her breath &quot;Bastard&quot;. 

&nbsp;

Adam anticipated
this response from her and applied a quick 10-second burst of electricity to
her nipples; immediately her body convulsed.

&nbsp;

Further images we
shown to Mandi, and where she passed good comments like wow that's hot or bet
that really feels good, she was rewarded with light pleasant strokes of Adam's
hand either over her nipples or her now soaking pussy lips, but when she made
disparaging remarks like that's perverted or it's sick she received the
electric shock treatment. So her conditioning to accept began and Adam knew the
real test would be when the action was live and happening to Mandi, rather than
on screen happening to someone else. 

&nbsp;

Unseen by Amanda,
five men entered the room behind her and promptly stripped off their clothing;
then they grabbed her and released her from her bindings. As they held her the
men took liberties of feeling her tits and cunt despite her attempts to prevent
them doing so. She was then unceremoniously held by four of the men whilst the
fifth one set about her arse with a leather tawse, he laid it across her lily
white arse until it resembled the red lines of a street map. The whelts springing
up deep red and angry looking.

&nbsp;

Almost making
Mandi, believe he gave a shit, Adam stepped forward and offered to apply a
lotion to her stinging buttocks, she meekly nodded and he smiled as he applied
the aftershave to the area. She screamed as the alcohol took its toll on the
sore skin, stinging worse than ten thousand nettle stings.

&nbsp;

Even before the
stinging sensation had abated the tawse was laid across her sore marked cheeks
a further 12 times as the angry sounding man threatened even more pain if she
denied these men anything. 

&nbsp;

They then dumped
her thrashing body over a wooden saw horse and one guy slipped his cock into
her mouth and grabbing the back of her hair he forcefully fucked her mouth,
never caring whether she was breathing or not. He soon shot his thick white
cream into her mouth, deliberately pulling back to spray her face with the
final few spurts. A flash suddenly exploded in her face and Adam announced this
picture would look real good on the office wall at Stanton, Stanton and
Wakefield attorneys at law. She suddenly panicked at the sound of this and
regretted having been so free with her chat on board the aeroplane, when was
that she tried to remember, how long had she been here already. She actually
thought that someone in her office must be getting worried about her not
keeping her agreed schedule of contacts with them and surely they would be
informing the police that she was missing.

&nbsp;

The next guy,
caring little for her discomfort merely used her cunt as a depository for his
cum and never even considered whether she would get any sexual satisfaction
from his fuck, Over and over they used her tired and battered body for their
pleasures only. Never allowing her any pleasure from their acts and berating
her at every opportunity, she was called two penny whore, tramp, slut,
worthless screw, even being told she was not even fit to be a dog's fucking
bitch. In her weakened mind she began to slightly believe these words, but
always fought to believe she was far better than they intimated.

&nbsp;

She cursed
herself and her predicament and wondered if her life would ever return to
normal. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  3
  1146
  6537
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  54
  15
  7668
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied
03.

&nbsp;

Mandi had been
used and abused for some three hours by these guys, when Adam entered the room
and blew a whistle. The guys grabbed Mandi and immediately retied her binds
before grabbing their clothes and disappearing; Adam approached Mandi with out
her seeing the ball gag in his closed hand. Seconds later the foul smelling and
tasting gag was forced into her mouth and the straps tightened. 

&nbsp;

Adam delighted in
telling Mandi of the sponge interior of the object wedged tightly in her throat,
but more importantly of the soaking it had had for the last six hours in the
urine tank of the women slaves here at the centre. (Adam stressed the word
centre as if it was his pride and joy). He also took great pains to explain
that as she salivated the urine trapped in the sponge would mix with her saliva
and eventually trickle in to her stomach. Laughing he said it would be like
taking the worlds longest piss as it has been known to go on for several hours.

&nbsp;

Mandi unable to
utter a intelligible response looked wide eyed and scared. Further discouraging
events unfolded when Adam produced Mandi's own mobile phone asking &quot;Is
your company's number in here?&quot;

&nbsp;

Mandi, unable to
answer and bound in such a way that she could not struggle very well, felt the
tears welling in her eyes as she realised that he latest chance of being listed
as missing in London was quickly disappearing. A quick text message later and
Adam left the room laughing like a hyena. In the lonely solice of her
predicament, Mandi began to realise that fate and circumstances had conspired
against her. She could now see no way of getting out of this mess in the near
future; but she promised herself at the first opportunity to make good her
escape she would make sure she took it and vowed to seek full revenge of Adam,
who she now despised more than any other male in the world.

&nbsp;

Suddenly her
concentration was interrupted by two tattooed ladies entering the room and
approaching they began untying her wrist straps; Mandi pretended to be so drowsy
that she hoped they would be lax in their handling of her. At what she
perceived as the right moment, she thrust out her arms with all the strength
she could muster and managed to knock the two women over. She then turned and
began to run as fast as she could towards the open door. In her mind she was
running in quicksand and the strides became heavier and slower as she ran. She
was going to make it, only three more strides and she would be out of this room
and home free. 

&nbsp;

As she passed
through the doorway everything suddenly went black, immediately after she had
felt this heavy thud in her stomach. She did not register falling to the floor
as she was out cold. The two women then gathered themselves up and grabbed her
dragging her back into the room. The hose of freezing water soon began to
revive Mandi; Adam stood laughing over her shaking his head as he did so. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Tut, you
should know better than to think you could escape so easily, and now you will
need to be punished for your foolishness&quot; He insisted.

&nbsp;

At this he
clapped his hands and three guys carried into the room, a full standing stocks
with leg spreader; placing it carefully on a set mark they fastened the unit to
the floors with heavy bolts. Mandi was then dragged over to the stocks, still
unable to struggle her wrists were placed in the stocks and her head forced
into the central retaining hole, she remembered hearing the sickening thud as
the two halves of the stocks were locked shut. Next her legs were forced apart
and placed in the leg spreaders. This caused her head to jerk back and her
breathing became a little restricted.

&nbsp;

Less than three
inches in front of her face was the maniacal laughing face of Adam;� &quot;I suppose I should offer you the choice
of quick or slow!&quot; he commented.

&nbsp;

Mandi tried to
speak but the ball gag prevented her as did the awkward angle that her head was
being forced into by the height of the stocks. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What no
preference!&quot; he taunted. &quot;Very well I will choose for you! Fast I
think, as we have to catch up on the time you have just wasted trying to
escape!&quot; he added. &quot;Oh Mandi, what a bad choice you have just made as
the quick method is far more painful! But still if you want it over and done
with quicker then you have to accept the extra pain&quot; he teased.

&nbsp;

The two women
with the tattoo's came forward and Mandi could see that their number were
different from the last pair she had seen, one was 1013 and the other was 1045,
but they looked like identical twins. Adam must have noticed her looking and he
asked &quot;Do you have any sister's Mandi? 1015 her did and sure enough she
traded punishment in exchange for delivering her twin sister to us!&quot; He
continued &quot;we like them so much that we kept them here at the centre
instead of sending them to our clients&quot; 

&nbsp;

Mandi struggled
to shake her head, &quot;Shame because if you did you could have avoided this
next punishment by simply calling your sister to meet you, at a location of our
choosing&quot;

&nbsp;

The tattooed
women then accepted whispered instructions from Adam and quickly disappeared.
They returned after a very short time carrying a long wooden box. Placing it on
the table in front of Mandi, they opened it; but because they had it facing
away from her, Mandi had no chance to see what was inside the box. 

&nbsp;

They then removed
what looked like a corset and promptly fastened it around Mandi waist, then
attached several wires to strategic places and ran the cables back to the case,
obviously plugging them in to units inside the case. Next Adam attracted
Mandi's attention with a cat-o-nine tails, pointing out the studded ends of the
leather braided tails. He then said &quot;Think of a number between one and a
hundred and tell me your number!&quot; Mandi mumbled her number 7.

&nbsp;

Because of the
gag it was unintelligible, so Adam said &quot;Ok thirty it is!&quot; Mandi
panicked as she tried desperately to correct him shaking her head trying to
fight back the overwhelming feeling of nausea welling up in her stomach from
the vile urine tasting gag and fear of what was about to happen to her. Adam
merely walked behind her and in the space of ten minutes laid the cat-o-nine
tails across her arse cheeks thrity times. Such was his skill with the weapon
that he left almost parrallel� red lines
of his strokes and where the studs had connected with her tender flesh, small
gouges of bloody stains now congregated.

&nbsp;

Twice Mandi
passed out from the pain only to be shocked back to consciousness by the
electric shocks of the corset administered with glee by the tattooed twins.
Thankfully for Mandi, the punishment was soon over and she was released from
the stocks. All immediate thoughts of escaping banished from her mind; she
could barely stand let alone run. Suddenly she was bent double whilst still
wearing the corset and her left hand was tied to her left leg, her right hand
to her right leg and the same muslin bandages were being applied to her from
the ankles up.

&nbsp;

Soon she was
cocooned inside the swathed bandages with only two drinking straws which had
been pushed up into her nose for breathing. It felt really weird for her to
have her head inside the bandages level with her pussy and she really felt the
pain in her spine and her now burning arse cheeks.

&nbsp;

Then a canvas
sailor's kitbag was put over the whole arrangement and she was unceremoniously
dumped on to a trolley and wheeled out of the room. The only movement and
sounds Mandi could detect was when she was paced in the back of a van and she
heard the engine start, she also felt the movement of the van. She dreaded to
think where the van was taking her now.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

� 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:28:00Z
  4
  1443
  8231
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  68
  19
  9655
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied 04

&nbsp;

The van continued
its journey for over thirty minutes, with Mandi jostled around in the back of
the van at every turn, Eventually the whine of the engine changed so she
assumed she was now on a motorway. Fifty minutes later she heard the engine
drop some revs, as it was obvious she was now back on non-motorway roads.

&nbsp;

Shortly after
that she felt the van lurch to a stop, thinking she had arrived she tensed
herself waiting for the guys to man handle her out of the van; five minutes
passed then another ten, still nothing, another ten minutes; still no sign of
her being unloaded and now she was becoming really scared that they were going
to leave her permanently like this and she may die of starvation waiting to be
rescued. A further 20 minutes lapsed when she heard the door of the van open,
the breeze across her ankles told her it was the back door, Suddenly she felt
herself being prodded with some sort of stick.

&nbsp;

She tried to lay
very still thinking that if she appeared dead they would just dump her body and
she would eventually attract attention to be released and rescued. No such luck
all that happened was she felt the electric shocks from the corset again and
she screamed with the pain, the scream through the gag was muffled but enough
for the guy to know she was still alive and with them.

&nbsp;

Thirty-five
minutes more of driving and this time she was dragged out the back of the van
and frog marched away. Slowly she felt the canvas bag being removed from over
her head and she felt the bandages being loosened and then removed. The light
hurt her eyes when her face was finally exposed. Although she tried to look
around she found that the bright daylight was too much and all she could
actually see and recognise was the green grass by her feet.

&nbsp;

Now her hands
were fastened behind her back and the corset was loosened and removed. Only to
be replaced by a stiffer corset but without the electric wires. She was then
led away to a large what appeared to be a stable area, with some 20 separate
stalls but the stalls were more like cages. In some of the Cages were women but
they had bushy hair extensions which gave the appearance of being similar to a
horses mane and all the women looked really strange as they had obviously
something stuck out of their arses with bushy artificial hair hanging from it,
this created the appearance of a horse's tail. Mandi now realised she was at a
Pony girl training school.

&nbsp;

Did they really
intend to train her to perform like one of these fetish bitches; She had seen pictures
of the girls pulling various carts but mainly two wheeler buggy type carts. The
photo's she recalled seeing showed the girls doing obscenely high stepping
trots or being whipped to go faster. Her heart sank thinking this was to be her
fate after so much punishment and segregation.

&nbsp;

She was pushed
towards an empty cage and securely locked inside; Adam then disappeared, she
tried to attract the attention of her nearest neighbour but they all seemed to
ignore her. Only one pointed to a large sign, with the singular solitary word
of 'SILENCE' upon it.

&nbsp;

After a restless
two hours of dreadful anticipation, two men came into the stable area and
literally dragged Mandi from her cage. The positioned and fastened a rigid bar
in the small of her back and fastened her wrists into cuffs attached at each
end of the 1 metre bar. This prevented Mandi from closing her arms or
protecting her breasts from any view or assault.

&nbsp;

She was led
through a series of corridors until she finally entered a large oblong room.
The walls were painted white and a high intensity lighting rig almost blinded
you as its luminescence bounced back of the silky walls.

&nbsp;

She was led to
the centre of the room, where she was made to sit in on a hard backed dining
room chair, the bar was then fastened to the chair preventing her from moving.
Suddenly her feet were grabbed and stretched out at 45-degree angles and
anchored at her ankles to two large securing rings. 

&nbsp;

Mandi was offered
a drink, by one of the men and when she refused, they literally held her nose
till she opened her mouth and poured the liquid in, snapping shut her mouth and
whilst still pinching her nose they massaged her throat till she swallowed.
Mandi knew not what they had forced her to swallow but suspected it was not vitamin
drink; soon a desperate thirst over took her. She managed to mumbled about
needing a drink and the guy nearest to her said &quot;Oh course what would you
like, ice cold water, maybe a coffee or tea, or how about a large bottle of
champagne, silly bitch&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please,
please just give me something to drink, there is a fire in my stomach and I
need a drink,&quot; Mandi pleaded.

&nbsp;

&quot;You want a
drink, then drink from this!&quot; the other guy laughed as he unzipped his
pants and removed his penis. Mandi shook her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;This is the
only source of drink for you, so if you don't want it, just say so now because
once it gets put away it isn't coming out again!&quot; he scoffed.

&nbsp;

Knowing she
needed to quench the burning fires in her stomach, she finally agreed to him
pissing into her mouth, as he did so she swallowed as quickly as she could. No
sooner had he finished, the two men burst out laughing and delighted ion
telling Mandi, &quot;That's better the drug you were given needed a warm drink
to activate its full potential, so drinking my hot piss should do nicely&quot;

&nbsp;

The retired back
to a safe distance as despite her bindings Mandi tried to kick out at them.
They simply sat and watched her, as she tired she felt this strange feeling
develop in the pit of her stomach, it was like a hunger, but a hunger she had
never experienced before. In her minds eye she kept seeing images of various
pricks all shapes and sizes but always fully erect, even when the images began
spurting their seeds they remained fully erect.

&nbsp;

Her body began
sweating, her nipples burned and her pussy suddenly had a life of its own, no
one was near her and she began to experience orgasm after orgasm as the minds
images became stronger and stronger, no longer one prick at a time now several
all delivering their loads and always into a eager open mouth, or cunt.
Suddenly it dawned on Mandi the mouth and cunt was her very own.

&nbsp;

When she realised
this; her body visibly began shaking as intense orgasms wracked her ravaged
body, she was moaning incoherently and could not get these images to fade.
Almost an hour and a half after her first orgasm her body finally shut down
from sheer exhaustion due to the intensity of these orgasms.

&nbsp;

How long she had
been passed out for she could not say, but she was rudely awoken by the
stinging cold particles of water as she was hosed down. Now awake again she
still could not get the images from her mind, although now no longer as
intense. 

&nbsp;

She became aware
of movement in front of her as a large black male began to approach her. Her
upbringing had always been that the black male was a taboo area for a white
female and she should never date or screw with one. He know stood immediately
in front of her and seemed to be staring at her 38D breasts and alternately her
shaven pouting pussy lips. He then reached out and placed his hot sweaty hand
on her stomach; the heat seemed to burn into her very soul, she knew this was
wrong but the contrast between his ebony black skin and her alabaster white
tones seemed so much more sensual and erotic than she could ever have imagined.

&nbsp;

His feather like
touch as his hand moved up to her breasts ignite the desires in her stomach
once again, her pussy already awash with juices suddenly became a fountain head
bubbling extra juices on to her thighs. Her breathing became erratic as she now
saw the object of her mind's desire; the large bulge in his trousers.

&nbsp;

Slowly he lowered
his pants, revealing his 15inch monster cock, Mandi immediately began shaking
her head, as she seemed to be trying to shake loose the image fixed and
pounding in her brain. The coloured guy smiled, as he seemed to be reading her
mind, his cock jerked into life began to harden and lengthen to its full 15
inches. Despite her protestations Mandi began to want to touch the magnificent member
bobbing just before her eyes, despite her upbringing and situation she
desperately wanted to sample the throbbing member stretching her tender pussy.

&nbsp;

Her mind was in
turmoil should she abandon her self will and give in to the passion coursing
through her veins and devour the cock before her. Or should she fight the
animalistic urges now invading her body and deny herself the largest cock she
has ever seen let alone fucked. As it turned out she had no choice as the cock
now nudged her pussy lips as the coloured guy rubbed his big black hands over
her over sensitive nipples causing gasps of pleasure to tumble from her lips.
Mandi tried to bite her lip to prevent her being swallowed up in the passion of
the moment, but all this did was to cause a trickle of blood to enter her
mouth.

&nbsp;

Suddenly the
black cock parted her pussy lips further and began to really stretch the walls
of her pussy, instead of picking up on the pain her mind and body concentrated
on the pleasure now forcing its way up her virginal canal.

&nbsp;

In a matter of
seconds further even more powerful orgasms shock her already exhausted body.
She could not help herself as she began begging fervently for him to fuck her
as hard as he could. It was around her fifth or sixth orgasm that he finally
filled her pussy with his black baby seed. It sent her senses reeling like a
thousand firecrackers going off together; such was the intensity that again she
slipped into the black pool of submission.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-31T22:29:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:29:00Z
  3
  1296
  7389
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  61
  17
  8668
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied
05.

&nbsp;

Whilst she
slipped into unconsciousness, Mandi was not aware of the preparations that were
going on for her next surrender of her will. Behind the scenes twenty-five
strapping males were being coached by Adam; and finally the two Tattooed ladies
were sent in with the freezing cold hose.

&nbsp;

Mandi woke with a
start as the icy cold water soaked her skin; Adam stepped forward saying
&quot;You want this trial to be over, bitch!&quot;

&nbsp;

Mandi although
she was down as far from beaten, she still planned for her chance to escape and
to turn the tables on Adam, but she realised that till the chance presented
itself she would have to go along with whatever they planned for her. But she
gritted her teeth as she thought of the chance see Adam being fucked up the
arse by the same sized cock as that which had recently fucked her pussy.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes, I want
this over&quot; she mumbled� &quot;and I
will do what ever you tell me to, in order to avoid further punishment!&quot;
she lied.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ok then,
Bitch&quot; Adam added, &quot;here is your final task, to service all these
guys in what ever way they want!&quot; he continued, &quot;when the last once
is satisfied you will be free from any more of our demands!&quot; he coyly
added.

&nbsp;

Mandi's heart
leapt at the sound of this, were they really going to let her go if she
serviced these few guys! Would she really be able to carry on with her tour of
Europe with out being molested any further. She almost let her defences down,
but the gnawing feeling in the back of her mind, kept telling her that they
would not be able to let her go in case she reported them for rape and group
torture.

&nbsp;

Her joy was short
lived as she saw, what appeared to be a never-ending line of guys entering the
room; She stopped counting them at thirteen and wished she had never agreed to
the deal. The first guy stepped forward and displayed his five inch cock
demanding she suck him till he was hard and he wanted to fuck her pussy. She
thought that her pussy still would not have returned to its normal size since
the big fat black cock earlier and she wondered how this puny small dick was
going to get any friction whilst fucking her cunt to make it spurt.

&nbsp;

Never the less
she sucked him hard and to be honest she hardly felt him inside her still
stretched pussy but she did feel him shoot up her. The next guy presented a
similar sized prick but maybe just a bit fatter, for her to suck and he fucked
her up the arse, pulling out just in time to spray his seed all over her back.
Quickly he was replaced with a slightly bigger prick but still a thin model,
hardly anything to write home about she thought to herself.

&nbsp;

So it went on as
the men came up her, or over her and left, each time the pricks were getting
longer or thicker and she soon got the message that the bigger cocks would be
nearer the end of the line, each larger cock using the previous load of cum as
lubrication. She had reached male number eight before she even started to feel
them fucking her cunt or arse.

&nbsp;

She imagined that
there were maybe twenty guys in total so she was nearly half way and although
she was beginning to look a cum slut mess, she was not yet reaching that
critical point where her own climax was building. It suddenly struck her that
she felt not like a woman but a walking talking wanking machine, there for the
good of the males and not to enjoy herself. With this thought fastened in her
mind, she decided to roll with the punches and hope to get it finished with
quickly; She even decide to use some vocal encouragement to persuade them to
speed up their cum shots. 

&nbsp;

She lost count of
the guys that had fucked her by now and tried to concentrate on those still to
come, She figured maybe five more remained, but soon realised she had
miscalculated as there was still no end to the guys queuing to slip their
pricks in to her. Her jaw began to ache and her tongue began to go numb at all
the cocks she had been sucking to make erect. 

&nbsp;

Suddenly she saw
that she was done to only black guys remaining, and the smallest cock of these
was eleven inches by three inches wide, she seemed to buck up at this sight and
eagerly sucked on the first one. As soon as he was hard, he moved to between
her legs and the next one now stepped in to be sucked. She felt her anal ring
being stretched as she opened her throat to accept another proud black cock
into her mouth.

&nbsp;

By the time she
reached her last cock to suck, she had indeed managed only one climax herself
whilst 24 guys had used her as a cum bucket, she was streaked in white rivulets
of sperm across her back, her cunt and arse were awash with the baby making
seed.

&nbsp;

This last Black
cock measured almost as long as all the white cocks put together and was as
thick as her forearm. She was thrilled but dreaded the idea of taking this one
into her pussy or arse. She immediately imagined in her minds eye this cock in
comparison to that of a large donkey and thought this cock would have just
about won for length and thickness.

&nbsp;

Eventually the
last cock ploughed into her anal chute and she almost felt it knocking against
the inside of her teeth when her mouth was closed, such was its majestic size.
She actually had four orgasms as it ploughed its furrow in to her.

&nbsp;

Suddenly she felt
it throb and sense the burning heat of its spurts as it coated the inner walls
of her shit chute. Such was the intensity of her climax and the force of the
cocks climax at the same time she slipped momentarily into blackness, waking
only as she felt the monster cock being pulled from her anal ring, she was sure
she felt her entire insides being ripped out as it receded.

&nbsp;

Adam stepped
forward and asked, &quot;Did you enjoy that, bitch!&quot;

&nbsp;

She responded
breathlessly and honestly &quot;Yes, I have never felt so full or satisfied as
just now!&quot;

&nbsp;

Adam laughed as
he declared, &quot;Good but I have to confess, I lied!&quot; he continued,
&quot;You have just been filmed fucking those twenty-five guys and that film
will be on sale world wide by tomorrow, the first copy will be delivered to
Stanton, Stanton and Wakefield by midnight tonight!&quot;

&nbsp;

Mandi screamed
&quot;Bastard, you promised, I would be released and if you send the film to my
firm I will never be able to return to work!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You could
never return anyhow, your life is now one of servicing hard cocks and following
instructions from your male masters&quot; Adam jeered.

&nbsp;

Adam delighted in
telling Mandi that she would begin her pony girl training tomorrow and after
that she would be paraded at the show ground for her prospective new employers.
He also warned her that if she messed up in front of her prospective employers,
she would be branded and rejected as unsuitable for pony girl work and become a
bondage slut who could look forward to endless whippings and beatings for the
entertainment of sadistic clients here at the compound.

&nbsp;

Just so she knew,
he explained in detail that the bondage girls rarely survived more than two
months, before they either took their own lives or one of the sadistic men had
her flogged to within an inch of her life leaving the woman scarred and
disabled for life. Once this happened she was only fit for preparing food for
the other women slaves and would be treated worse than dogs. In fact more often
than not, they were occasionally brought out as a special show to be fucked by
various animals like dogs, pigs, horses and they even had one that was mated by
a silverback gorilla, who unfortunately did not take to his mate too well and
ended up pounded her head into the floor. 

&nbsp;

Mandi's heart hit
rock bottom at the prospects that lay before her. Secretly she still planned on
escaping at the first opportunity and the new information on what the future
held for her made that resolution to escape all the stronger.

&nbsp;

That night in her
cage, she tried to sleep but could not and a quiet voice suddenly called out to
her. The voice whispered that since she had been here, in the last six months
two of the female prisoners had escaped and as far as she was aware had not
been recaptured, as they had never returned to the camp. This steeled the
resolve to become the third to do so in Mandi; but how and when would the
chance present itself to her, she decided she would need to be on the look out
for that chance at all times and was prepared to chance her arm at the
slightest opportunity.

&nbsp;

Still, happier in
the thought that people had escaped, sleep failed to come to her as her mind
was crowded with un common sexual thoughts of being made to fuck with a giant
gorilla, or having a pig's corkscrew cock pushing into her pussy. Although the
thoughts disgusted her, she had to admit they also intrigued and turned her on
as well.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  0
  2007-07-31T22:29:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:29:00Z
  5
  2262
  12897
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  107
  30
  15129
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied 06

&nbsp;

During her sleep,
Mandi had several vivid dreams where she was always the centre of the wild
sexual action, usually her dreams involved other people but sometimes it was
with animals or with machines. She found herself more turned on by the thought
of the never ending fucking of a machine than of anything else.

&nbsp;

After all a
machine did not need to consider its own climax and could therefore concentrate
all its actions and energies on making her cum. Also in her minds eye the
machine always had the distinct size and colour of a taboo black male.

&nbsp;

Suddenly she was
awakened by her ankles being grabbed, in her semi conscious state she did not
relate to anything real, but thought a machine had read her mind and was taking
its revenge on her highly aroused body. As sleep finally left her mind, she saw
two males dragging her from her cage towards a large raised box in the centre
of the open space. 

&nbsp;

Laid on her back
upon this box, her arms were then tethered to large rings attached to the floor
and the two males held her legs wide apart, Her aroused pussy was on display
for all to see. Mandi failed to notice the shadowy figure approaching with the
leather case, she still failed to notice when he placed the case between her
legs and began to remove the apparatus.

&nbsp;

The first she
noticed was when she felt the excruciating agony in her left nipple and through
teary eyes witnessed the clipping of her nipple ring into place. Further pain
then emanated from her right nipple as this was similarly pierced and ringed.
Just when she thought the pain could not get any worse she felt a blood
curdling scream emanate from her lips as her left labia lips was pierced not
once but twice and a single ring was inserted through both holes. Even further
pain originated from her right labia lips as this was also pierced twice and
again a single ring passed through both holes.

&nbsp;

Just before she
passed out from the pain she felt something being forced into her cunt opening
and no matter how hard she tried to look to see what was happening she could
not make out the two egg shaped objects being pushed up inside her, then a six
inch vibrator was also pushed up her cunt. Just as she grew accustomed to the
fullness of her vaginal cavity, she almost screamed the roof down as a single
sharp pain began in her clitoris and spread like a burning forest around her
pubic area. She vaguely made out the ring being inserted into her clit hood.

&nbsp;

She then felt the
first rumblings of the vibrator embedded in her cunt start and some how the
fullness and the other love egg shapes amplified them as she felt her sore and
bloody labia lips being pulled until she heard the undeniable click of a
padlock as it sealed her cunt closed from prying fingers. The clit ring though
caused the clit head to be pushed forward and clear of the restriction and as
she discovered when she felt the guy's fingers playing with her clit, it left
her exposed and randy.

&nbsp;

Cuffs were then
placed around her ankles and they in turn were then tethered to other well-placed
rings set into the floor and she was spread eagled on her back over this raised
box shape. She was securely fastened in a position where she would not be able
to move nor could she rest enough to sleep. Within 20 minutes her calf muscles
ached and cramped up on her, her arm muscled tightened and stung, like a
thousand bee stings. Her neck tensed and knotted up as she tried to prevent it
hanging loosely and obscenely looking back towards her now empty cage.

&nbsp;

The hours till
morning seemed to drag; there was no respite from the constant aches now
wracking her body. Each minute seemed to last an hour as she tried so
desperately to relax and rest. The buzzing in her cunt also prevented her from
sleeping and it began to feel like three separate vibrating sources were
centred inside her, all slowly leading her to a most wonderful powerful climax.
Just before the two guys disappeared, their last acts were to each place a bell
clip on each of her nipple rings, they tested these bells by flicking her
swollen and sore nipples and ting-a-ling was clearly heard, they walked away
laughing.

&nbsp;

In the stillness
and dark of the night, Mandi still feebly hoped for the chance to escape but
she had to admit whilst she would not have chosen to endure the things she was
made to do, she now cherished the feelings and experiences they had given her.
She felt herself flush and blush at the thought of what her dear old mother
would have thought of her if she had known what Mandi had experienced over the
last days, weeks? How long had she suffered, she tried to remember but as she
could not even recall what day it was today let alone the date she failed
miserably to work out how long she had endured these things.

&nbsp;

Almost the second
her eyes finally gave way to sleep, she was awakened by the icy cold rush of
water as it cascaded over her secured body. She had in fact managed an hour's
sleep before the two women had washed her to make her awake. She was roughly
dried and released from her bonds. As one woman turned to retrieve a garment
and the other was distracted for just a fraction of a second, Mandi seized her
chance and knocked them both down, in seconds she reached the outer fence of
the court yard and with some difficulty she managed to scale the eight feet
high wall and headed towards the green cover afforded by the trees and bushes.
Behind her she heard the chaotic commotion erupt as sirens and bells seemed to
invade the air. She then became aware of the yapping of dogs as she assumed the
bloodhounds had been released. The panic inside her now spurred her on to even
more energy in her attempt to avoid recapture, she raced as fast as she could
away from the crescendo of noise behind her and her mind kept telling her she
could escape their clutches if only she kept her wits about her.

&nbsp;

Suddenly she
plunged down an embankment and tumbled into a small river. The water whilst
cold did not feel as cold as that which had woken her just minutes ago, She
dived under the water and swam down stream thinking the hounds would soon loose
her scent and they would be useless for tracking her. After some thirty minutes
of panic running during her escape, she now tried to clear her mind and work
out a plan to avoid being found. First she needed to find some clothes, as a
naked pierced woman would certainly look out of place in the English
countryside. She suddenly felt the first pangs of hunger as she realised she
had not eaten since the meagre meal last night. Food would be another main
concern as she fled from her captors.

&nbsp;

She then swam under
a bridge and spotted a small country cottage, it was a typical chocolate box
appearance cottage, roses round the door and a wisp of smoke lazily drifting
from the chimney. She decided to take the chance and tell the occupant that she
had been attacked in a nearby lay by after hitchhiking and could she borrow
some clothes and she would send reimbursement later for them.

&nbsp;

In her mind it
seemed so logical and she had already decided that if the occupant wanted to
phone the police so much the better as she would love to see Adam's face as he
was arrested for sexual crimes against her. She knocked at the cottage door and
was greeted by a silver haired old lady who introduced herself as Betty Done,
who immediately bade her enter and rustled up a blanket to wrap her freezing
body in. Mandi quickly explained about her reasons for being naked and in the
state she was in to Betty. 

&nbsp;

Betty graciously
smiled and then invited her to look through an old wardrobe in a bedroom for
something that may fit her, whilst she made Mandi a cup of tea and phoned the
police. Great, Mandi could see in her minds eye the long arm of the law and
rings of justice closing in around Adam. She managed to find an old button down
dress in the wardrobe and hastily putting on the garment, she returned to the
kitchen to an eagerly anticipated cup of tea, she thought how lucky she had
been to find this lonely cottage out here in the wilds of England. She sat
facing Betty as the old lady poured the cup of tea and explained the police
would be here in about fifteen minutes. Mandi failed to notice the old lady
smirk as she handed Mandi the only cup of tea from the pot.

&nbsp;

Mandi grasped the
hot mug of tea in both hands as she smiled for the first time in months at this
kindly old woman. The heat permeated through her hands to her chilled to the
bone, body as she sipped the warm sweet tasting tea. Mandi heard movement
outside and began to stand up but never made it as she fell over, becoming
unconscious before she even hit the floor. 

&nbsp;

She was not sure
how long she laid there but suddenly she heard voices and one of them sounded
familiar as she heard &quot;Well done, Margaret, you sure she never suspected
you of phoning the lodge?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No, Adam
she was just thanking me before she heard you arrive!&quot; &quot;So she had no
idea I was part of the organisation!&quot; then she added, &quot;Even told her
my name was Betty Done, you know B Done!&quot; laughing as she finished.

&nbsp;

Adam then added,
&quot;Your right there, Mandi here has been done, right and proper!&quot; he
laughed.

&nbsp;

Then Mandi was
man handled to her feet and faced the woman she knew as Betty as she stepped
forward and slowly unbuttoned the dress and carefully removed it, folding it
up, she then reached out and ran her finger over the still visible clit held in
place by its ring. Mandi initially shuddered at the touch but then her hair
trigger climax cut in and she could not help but orgasm on the spot. Betty
leaned forward and kissed Mandi full on the lips and promised, &quot;I look
forward to training you later, my little bitch!&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mandi was
unceremoniously dragged from the cottage and dumped in the boot of the waiting
car, her world plunged into darkness and disarray as she now had to contemplate
the fool hardy action of running away and being caught. She dreaded to think
what torture she would have to now endure, although she did not regret her
failed flight to freedom, she did fear the consequences of her actions.

&nbsp;

Once back at the
Lodge, she was dragged out to the yard and secured to a standing height stock.
Although she could not see behind her she sensed the yard filling with other
slaves to witness her punishment for daring to try to escape. She felt before
she sensed the arriving searing burning sensation as the cat-o-nine tails whips
struck her naked rear cheeks. Rapid further lashes rained down upon her burning
and scarred arse cheeks, she actually lost count of the number of strokes but
the continued until she finally passed out and hung like a limp rag from the
stocks.

&nbsp;

She was then
roused by freezing cold water being directed in her direction from the fire
hose, then dragged off, she was dressed (If you can call a skin tight corset
which forced her 38D breasts high on her frame, as dressed) and then felt her
hands being cuffed behind her back. Mandi then felt the weight of the shackles
pulling on her straining nipple rings as her body was placed between the yokes
of her cart. Then Margaret appeared and took great delight in finishing the
securing of Mandi into her pony-girl trap; when all was ready she felt the flicked
tip of the whip on her already extremely sore buttocks as she was told,
&quot;walk on&quot;

&nbsp;

Several times she
was reprimanded about keeping her knees up higher as she strode around the yard
and on more than one occasions tasted the wraith of the driver for failing to
adhere to the demands. Almost at every step she felt Margaret tug firmly on the
reins, which were attached through her nipple rings to her bridle bit securely
fastened in her mouth and around her head.

&nbsp;

For three solid
hours, Mandi was paraded like a new pony around the yard and her muscles ached
and her buttocks stung from the constant whippings. Finally she was led to the
stable area and led to a single trough where she was allowed to drink. Again
she was chastised for trying to drink as a human and was told that as a pony
girl she drinks like a horse.

&nbsp;

During the next
seven hours, several different drivers put Mandi through her paces, each
subsequent driver was heavier and stricter than the previous one and the final
driver delighted in actually drawing blood on Mandi's crisscrossed scarred
buttocks. By 11 pm she was exhausted and fell into a deep sleep when turned
free into her cage.

&nbsp;

At 3 am next
morning she was again roused, and half expecting further punishment was
surprised when she was gently stretched over a soft stool and soothing balm
applied to her streaked buttocks. She found the balm not only soothing but also
almost erotic as it cooled and eased the pains. One of the women tending her
needs whispered that she was scheduled to be sent home with in three days but
only if she reached the required standards of her new masters.

&nbsp;

Mandi cannot
recall at what point her desire to escape disappeared, and the desire to
service her masters replaced it. But the first she became aware of the current
situation was when she had the chance to escape and simply ignore the
opportunity. Further more when presented in front of Adam, she carefully knelt
before him and literally begged for the chance to accept his cock into her
mouth as his personal urinal. All of this was without prompting from anyone;
and received a generous smile from Adam, he asked if she would prefer something
other than him pissing into her mouth and she replied &quot;I would love to
taste your cream, if my master thinks I am worthy of this act&quot;

&nbsp;

She could not
believe her own mouth had uttered the words, and yet she knew she not only
meant them, but also hoped they would be believed. Her will to fight had gone
and she now only sought to please her masters in any way they chose for her to
do so. She was rewarded with gentle caresses from Adam and smiles from all
around her. She was led off to a secluded room where for the next three hours
she was the centre of an orgy of cocks, they fucked her every hole, singly, in
pairs and even once or twice she took three cocks at once. She still longed for
her toys to be put back up her cunt as soon as the erect cock had vacated the
cavity, she simply could not get enough of the cocks and sexual feelings. She
longed for her new life to be endlessly filled of Cumming cocks and juicy
cunts, occasionally interspaced with whippings and bondage. In deed her
attitude towards these things she would have once declared as perverted had now
become a case of wanting them, no needing them to find her new level of
sexuality. 

&nbsp;

By the end of the
orgy she had become a true cum slut sampling seventeen different cocks and had
numerous loads of fresh spunk blasted over her face and tits, or up her cunt or
arse and she freely admitted now that she loved every second of every single
stroke of cock up her well-used pussy.

&nbsp;

She dreaded the
thought of the orgy finally finishing and her being deprived of any further
cocks, almost hoping that a never ending supply could keep her enjoying the
slutty feeling of being a wanton sex object at the centre of all these males
desires.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  4
  2007-07-31T22:30:00Z
  2007-07-31T22:30:00Z
  4
  1464
  8347
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  69
  19
  9792
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Freedom Denied
07.

&nbsp;

Eventually the
cum streaked Mandi was exhausted and led off to a cell like room where a warm
bath awaited her. She was visited by Adam who told her &quot;You have not only
passed our required standards, but you have exceeded them in your desire to
accept any cock put before you&quot; he continued, &quot;I can now tell you
that you will be flying back home to JFK airport in two days and will be met at
the airport by your sponsor. You will live with your sponsor for three weeks
and then you will be given a apartment of your own, where your owner will
expect you to accommodate his wishes and friends&quot;

&nbsp;

Mandi, could not
believe her ears as she heard herself thanking Adam for showing her the error
of her ways and describing to him in great detail how she longed for and craved
cocks, any cocks, any size shape or colour so long as it was hard and erect!

&nbsp;

For the rest of
the night Mandi was pampered in luxury with two female attendants to bathe her
and powder her dry. She was feed the best food and wines and then just before
midnight three men and a woman arrived with a large Doberman dog. The dog was
initially shut in another room as the men invited Mandi to dance for them
whilst she slipped out of her clothes. 

&nbsp;

Mandi was more
than eager to please and the thought of extra cock was spurring her on, she did
a seductive striptease as she revealed her pierced 38D charms to the four
visitors. Even when told to undress the other woman, Mandi never shied away and
her eager hands soon had this other woman naked and breathing heavily as she
managed to manipulate her nipples. The as Mandi turned around, the three men
where all stripped naked and sporting throbbing erections, ranging from nine
inches long and three inches thick to an impressive white cock of fifteen inches
in length and five full inches in thickness.

&nbsp;

Normally Mandi
would have been embarrassed and tried to cover up in situations like this, but
now she was like a cat on heat, she did not know which to lick first. She
literally knelt in front of the three guys and purred her satisfaction at the
thought of servicing these cocks, only to be told by the woman that she had to
earn these magnificent specimens. Mandi immediately begged for instructions on
how she would earn the cocks and was not even shocked when told she would have
to service the Doberman dog whilst the four of them watched.

&nbsp;

Eager to prove
her worth for these cocks, she nodded and begged to have the dog brought in so
she could begin. The dog was then let into the room where it immediately
circled Mandi and sniffed at her genitals before its long rough furry tongue
lashed across her already sensitive cunt lips. 

&nbsp;

At the woman's
command Mandi managed to slip her head beneath the dog and initially using her
hand on its furry sheath began to entice the pointed dog cock from its hiding
place. As the hot stiff pointed cock appeared she began to run her tongue over
its slimly shiny length and was soon sucking the animals cock deep into her
throat. The animal instinctively began rutting her face and Mandi felt the
sharp pointed tool probing the back of her throat as it sought access to deeper
with her body.

&nbsp;

Suddenly the Dog
was pulled away from Mandi and she was told to lie on her back over the low
stool with her head on the floor and her cunt high in the air. Caesar the dog
was then brought between her legs and instructed to mount her. He instinctively
pounced upon his job and his first few thrusts missed their mark as he blindly
stabbed towards her cunt. The woman's hand soon had the dog cock hitting the
mark and Mandi felt the tip begin to penetrate her cunt, the cock felt ten
times hotter than it's human counter part but she still relished it as a good
hard erect cock.

&nbsp;

She suddenly
threw her head back and let out a long lustful moan as the dog slipped his knot
in to her. The knot stretched her cunt more in a split second than she could
remember it having been stretched in years. So joined to the dog as she felt
the hot streams of dog cum hitting her cunt walls when the dog turned tail on her
and tried to extract its cock, the knot locked them together for ten minutes,
until it finally reduced in sized enough to slip from her cunt's grip. The dog
limped off to the side and lay down before licking his own cock clean.
Surprisingly Mandi felt a little jealous as she watched the dog do this as she
would have loved to clean the doggy cock up in payment for such a wonderful
screw she had just experienced as her first animal sex scene.

&nbsp;

Her swollen cunt
now oozed greyish white leaking dog cum, as the men all gathered round to watch
it trickle from her stretched cunt lips. Rachel the other woman did not
hesitate; she sat over Mandi's mouth and had her lick out her already soaking
wet cunt. Then Mandi felt a stiff cock forcing its way into her cunt, she
figured that this cock was the smaller of the three and felt it was much more
gentle than the hard fucking she had received from her dog lover. Her legs were
then grabbed as another cock squeezed up alongside the one in her cunt. Mandi
was in seventh heaven as two cocks now plunged in and out of her cunt. She had
never ever experienced two cocks up her cunt before and she instantly decided
that she loved it.

&nbsp;

The third cock
although Mandi could not see it, she knew the woman must be sucking it as she could
hear the tell tale sounds of a wet mouth on a hard cock. Although it was not
long before she felt the force of this cock pushing against her anal ring. At
first Mandi feared the pain as she already had two cocks up her cunt and now
this largest cock was forcing its way up her anal entry pressing tightly
against the other two cocks.

&nbsp;

Never in the
field of human conflict had suck a woman owed so much pleasure to so few cocks
as Mandi did now! She was rapidly becoming delirious with the passion and sexual
excitement of being so soundly fucked. Her mind went into overload as she saw
stars and heard firecrackers going off in her head.

&nbsp;

Suddenly as if
orchestrated by some unseen conductor all three cocks fired their salvos of
baby making cum together. The throbbing of three cocks during this triggered an
out of this world orgasm in Mandi and she collapsed gasping for air as they all
bathed in the distinct afterglow of great sex.

&nbsp;

When Mandi opened
her eyes, she was alone in the room; had she dreamt the entire thing but she
soon spotted the tell tale trickles of spunk which proved to her the action had
not only been real but had been hot as hell and so recent.

&nbsp;

Mandi slipped
into a contented sleep and dreamed of even more erotic escapades as she now
fully accepted her new roll in life to service as many male cocks as she could.

&nbsp;

Next morning she
was awoke by the two female slaves who informed her that she was to be
mummified for her trip away from the lodge; Apparently as a security precaution
to prevent her from identifying the lodges location. This time she willingly
surrenders to being wrapped in the bandages and transported away from here.

&nbsp;

Within hours she
was being unwrapped at a hotel and was given her old clothes and luggage to
travel onwards and back to America. Her first action was to phone her family
and friends in the states to tell them she was all right and would be home with
them in a few days. She never mentioned her trials and tribulations, which had
corrected her sexual demeanour.

&nbsp;

Next morning she
boarded the American Airlines flight to JFK airport but this time kept herself
to herself during the flight. Once landed and clear of customs and immigration
she followed her instructions and met up with a young man who escorted her to a
hotel in New York, she was allowed whatever she wanted as long as she was
always available to him and his clients. 

&nbsp;

Then a week later
she returned to work; all the woman in her pool seemed exactly the same all
fussing about did she have a nice holiday? What was Europe like? The usual
endless rounds of questions; She answered every single question with the same
answer�� &quot;The Trip of a lifetime and
it certainly changed my life!&quot;

&nbsp;

Then The Senior
consultant at Stanton, Stanton and Wakefield summoned Mandi to his office. She
looked a little bemused at the thought of her first day back and being summoned
for what she expects to be a ticking off by the senior partner.

&nbsp;

Meekly she
approached his office door and knocked once, she entered the room upon his
command of enter and stood almost school girlish at the end of his desk. What
then happened shocked her beyond her wildest dreams and he gave her a simple
one word command, &quot;Strip&quot; Shocked and before she realised what she
was doing she had her blouse open and was showing she was not wearing a bra,
her nipple rings causing her excited nipples to itch for the tender touch of a
man's fingers.

&nbsp;

He then said
&quot;Adam informs me you made excellent progress once you stopped trying to
fight the regime!&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes
master!&quot; she instinctively responded.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very good
my little cum slut, I knew you would be the right choice to become the company
whore!&quot; he continued, &quot;Now show me how good a cock sucker you have
become and if your really good I will get the other partners in to fuck you
good&quot; he demanded.

&nbsp;

It all fell into
place for her now, How Adam had been so confident about there being no possible
chance of anyone causing a massive fuss back here in the states as she
disappeared for what turned out to be six weeks. How everyone covered for her
extended absence with out raising awkward questions. But most importantly now
Mandi felt she truly belonged to the firm and was prepared to give her all in
its causes and needs. The doubling of her salary also helped deflect any awkward
questions from family as to why she could not get away for a weekend or so.... 







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  niteowluk2003


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





