BDSM Library - The Humilation of Lisa the Housewife




The Humilation of Lisa the Housewife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lisa, a career woman, is the victim of a complicated plot to ruin her perfect suburban life via blackmail and eventual assassination of her character.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-08-04T00:00:00Z
  2007-08-04T00:00:00Z
  2
  814
  4646
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  38
  10
  5450
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Chapter 1:
Entrapment.

======================

&nbsp;

AUTHOR'S NOTE:
This section of the story should be considered unfinished at the moment. I've
outlined the basic plot the but the writing is extremely choppy. Suggestion is
still welcomed, so long as you take into account the fact that it's an outline,
not a finished product. Chapter 2 is better and more or less &quot;done&quot;
but still needs polish.

&nbsp;

-------------------------------------

&nbsp;

Lisa hung up the
phone and checked her watch. Five more minutes and she'd be out of here.

&nbsp;

Lisa was a career
woman in her late thirties. She had a husband, three boys, a large house and
was working her way up the corporate ladder. Blond, respectable body,
enthusiastic, SUV - typical soccer mom.

&nbsp;

Her husband Mark
was older, already working on his 40s, and a senior mid-level manager at a
successful marketing firm. Greying black hair, perfect teeth, deeply religious.
The perfect husband, the perfect family - the perfect life.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

And that's where
I came in. I worked for Lisa's company about a year back and took a shine to
her. She wasn't really pretty in the sense that she stood out. Her body was
good, yeah, but it's not what really drove me to her. Occasionally I'd imagine
grabbing one of her breasts and how it would be just a bit floppy and how it
would have a sort of marbled look on the skin of it. What really made me crave
her was her life, her pride. It was all so perfect and I just wanted to utterly
ruin it for her.

&nbsp;

After leaving her
company, I specifically sought out Mark's. I had to apply several times and lie
about my degree, but luckily marketing is mostly about bullshit and it's one of
those companies where persistence pays off. I sought out Mark,ï¿½ going so far as to have joined his
denomination of church beforehand. I provided him with some really good leads
and endeared myself to him. I shared his opinions with just enough variance to
be interesting. Over a period of about six months he began to see himself as my
mentor in the company, as well as a close friend.

&nbsp;

Let me explain
something about Mark. He came from an old morals family and was deeply
religious. &quot;Conservative Chrisitan&quot; about sums the guy up, although
unlike most of the people in this country who present themselves as being so,
he actually lives the life.

&nbsp;

I began to start
a campaign to slowly eat up his time outside the office, inviting him bowling
and inventing minor life crises to get him to spend more time with me. I also
began to bug his phonecalls and install some spying programs on his office computer
- the guy was a marketing wonk, but utterly clueless about computers. He
woudln't even use the internet without someone there to stand over his shoulder
telling him what to do.

&nbsp;

About two months
into this I started noticing signs Lisa was getting jealous. The next week,
Mark had an important meeting. Right beforehand, I swiped his cell and turned
it off. Panicking that he coudln't find it, I suggested he may have left it in
the car. Nodding, he handed me his keys and went into the meeting. That hour
gave me plenty of time to get to the corner shop to get copies of all his keys
done. Next day, I took a sick day and went through packets of old photos until
I found some dusty old ones from her college days, before she met mark. I
picked out some ones with strange angles and expressions that looked
&quot;candid&quot; and woudln't be missed.

&nbsp;

I took the photo
back to my place and began my work. After a week's worth of evenings I finally
had a photomanipulation that would be very difficult to detect even by an experienced
person. I took them into the office late one night and with some special card
stock and the high-quality printer there smiled as I watched some very
convincing photographs roll off the press of dear, sweet, conservative Lisa
doing horrid things. I had her sucking and jacking off a racially diverse
assortment of men and even threw a couple of her with a dog. Don't ask me where
I found the source for those. I made some copies and put them in a safe place.

&nbsp;

They were good,
but not enough on their own. Mark was dumb and wouldn't be able to stop even a
bad photoshop, but had a lot of faith in his wife. I considered trying to bribe
a policeman to put some misdemeanors on her record, public urination and a DUI
or something, perhaps. In the end, I decided that was too risky. I settled for
waiting. Her own jealousy would eventually create a conflict between them which
would be what I needed to sow the seeds of doubt.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

My big chance
came a month and a half later. Mark and I had had a great night of bowling,
winning a few bucks on a well-fought impromptu match. I even felt sorry for the
guy thinking about him, we had bonded so much. Oh well. As we're laughing and
turning in our shoes, his cell rings. It's Lisa's ringtone. After a few moments
of her speaking, I can tell she starts yelling. I can't tell what it's about,
but he tries to interject several times and she keeps cutting him off. I can
tell he's starting to get really pissed off, and starts in on her again when
she hangs up the phone. I'd sort of wandered off and was watching some other
people finish up their bowling as a coutesy signal that I was pretending not to
listen. I turned around to see him shaking his head and muttering to himself as
he turned off the phone and put it back.

&nbsp;

Bingo. I was in.
Mark had a business trip next week. This was just perfect. I could not wait.















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-08-04T00:01:00Z
  2007-08-04T00:01:00Z
  6
  2158
  12307
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  102
  28
  14437
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






Chapter 2: New
Beginning

========================

&nbsp;

AUTHOR NOTE: This
section of the story is mostly done. It needs a bit of polish, and suggestion
is quite welcome.

&nbsp;

------------------------

&nbsp;

Today was the
day. Today was the day I'd start to steer Lisa's safe and secure dream life
towards the rocky shores.

&nbsp;

I showed up at
her house just after Mark left. I parked my car a couple blocks away and biked
the rest of the way, hiding the bike behind some bushes on the porch. I didn't
think I'd need it, but in case she got clever and decided to call Mark
immediately, I would be able to beat a getaway and be back at work well before
Mark could get to the house and back. I let myself in quietly and had a seat in
the kitchen while I waited for her to wake up. As an afterthought, I got up and
started going through her purse in the living room. Pulling out the cell phone,
I turned it off and put it in my pocket. They didn't have a house phone, opting
to spend the money on Cable TV instead.

&nbsp;

She was a late
sleeper. I was staring off into space as she stumbled into the kitchen, looking
dishevelled and sleepy and half-naked at almost 10 AM. She was halfway to the
fridge when she noticed me with a start.

&nbsp;

&quot;You!&quot;
She exclaimed. &quot;What are you doing here? Mark already left. and..&quot;

&nbsp;

I cut her off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Got
something to show you, Lisa.&quot;

&nbsp;

I spread the
photos out on the table. Curiosity spurred her on and she gazed on the photos
with a mixture of shock, disgust, and awe.

&nbsp;

&quot;These are
just copies, Lis. You can destroy them if you want, I got better ones,
photo-quality prints in some safe places. For instance, sitting on hold with a
courier company in Honolulu. I can have them to your husband within the hour.

&nbsp;

&quot;You sick
piece of shit! I'm going to call him right now and..&quot;

&nbsp;

She trailed off
as I held up her cell phone. I removed the battery and tossed it to her. She
glared at me.

&nbsp;

&quot;You know if
he gets those before you call him he won't beleive you,&quot; I gloated.

&nbsp;

She said nothing.

&nbsp;

&quot;He trusts
me more than you now. He'll see these and there'll always be at least some
doubt in his mind, no matter how convincing you are, that I had nothing to do
with this, that you just picked me up because he's spending time with me and
not you lately... That is, unless he just leaves you outright.&quot;

&nbsp;

I knew that much
was unlikely, at this stage at least. Still, If there was just a little doubt
it increased my chances by a lot.

&nbsp;

She slumped onto
a barstool and leaned on the kitchen counter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Alright,
Jay. What the fuck do you want. I hope it isn't money because you won't get
any. We hardly have any with all the payments. And you can't steal our stuff
without my husband wanting to know why.&quot;

&nbsp;

I smiled at her.
She knew what I wanted. Well, what I was going to take from her right now.

&nbsp;

&quot;You, baby.
I wanted you from the moment I saw you. I'm a little obsessive, but you do what
I want for a couple days, you put some effort into making my fantasy reality,
and I promise I'll move on, and you can have all my nasty little copies to burn
or keep and masturbate to or whatever your little heart desires.&quot;

&nbsp;

I smiled a little
more.

&nbsp;

She put her head
in her hands. &quot;Alright. I'll do what you want. Just so long as you leave
me and Mark the hell alone.&quot;

&nbsp;

How little she
knew.

&nbsp;

&quot;I promise,
baby. I promise.&quot;

&nbsp;

----

&nbsp;

So, I told her
what to do. What to say and how to say it. I turned on the charm and made her
beleive that I cared, that I kind of loved her in a weird way and all she had
to do was sell this and I would be out of her live forever. Then I told her how
to dress. I didn't really care that much but I needed to get her out of the
room for a couple minutes.

&nbsp;

That, and I
really wanted to fuck a woman in a business suit.

&nbsp;

I knew where the
video camera was and how to work it. I'd used it before taping bowling meets. I
set it up on a tripod behind the couch, where I knew she probably woudln't even
notice it with all the shit going through her mind right now.. Having to cheat
on her husband to keep some psycho from ruining her marraige. Poor girl. She
really did love him.

&nbsp;

And she walked
into the room, a thin line of resolve hiding the inner turmoil. That was
fucking hot. She told me how much she wanted me. How she was kept up nights
thinking about me from the moment she saw me. That she had been waiting for a
chance like this for months. I thought about having her say something about
Mark, but I knew that might be a sticking point, even not knowing about the
videotape. I didn't want her to have to think too much. Just guide her and make
her do the easiest thing. Make the path I wanted her to take the smoothest one
that required the least thought. Keep her off balance, make her think this
would all be over or that she could gain the advantage at some point.

&nbsp;

And then, like in
a dream, she stepped towards me. The world seemed to spin around me. I pulled
her in close. One arm around her waist, other arm grasping her arm. I kissed
her, long and hard. She responded, but it was a little forced. It didn't
matter. I could feel her tears damp against my cheek.

&nbsp;

We remained in
that strange and mirror world for about a minute. It was sort of a time and
place unto itself. I could have loved her, perhaps... a different time, a
different place, a different circumstance. But not here, not now, not after all
this. Back to business. I pulled away.

&nbsp;

&quot;Show
me&quot;, I whispered.

&nbsp;

She looked down
at the ground, bit her lip and began to unbutton her suit top. I stopped her
once her breasts were nearly exposed. I pulled her in again and began to fondle
one for the benefit of the camera while I kissed her again... but it was
different this time. The world didn't bend. This was just part of the act.

&nbsp;

I brought her
around to the side of the couch. I laid her down against it and gently spread
her legs. She resisted just slightly, but let them open. I rolled up her skirt
a bit and entered her. I fucked her gently, putting myself just to the side so
the camera could catch her face. I fondled her exposed breast and kissed her
more. I licked up her tears.

&nbsp;

In and out,
slowly and smoothly, tenderly. After about half an hour of teasing and
caressing and fucking I was able to bring her to a quiet orgasm despite
herself. Her legs shuddered and her pussy tensed as she so gently betrayed her
husband. I saw that she was about to begin to cry in earnest, so I took her in
my arms again and kissed her to quiet her. As she calmed down, I whispered
again to her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Change into
a T-shirt and shorts, darling, Then fix us some sandwiches and come back in
here.&quot; I kissed her softly on the lips again and sent her off.

&nbsp;

As soon as she
was out of the room again, I strode to the camera, removed the tape, put a new
one in, and stuck the tape in the VCR and rewound it. I paused it at the start
of our affair and switched back to the TV and started to watch the morning
shows. A couple minutes later, I heard her pad softly down the stairs and into
the kitchen.

&nbsp;

----

&nbsp;

She emerged a few
minutes later with a plate of sandwiches, some potato chips and even a couple
glasses of water. I hadn't asked for all that, but I suppose she either figured
if she pleased me I'd leave her alone sooner or perhaps it was just force of
habit. If there's one thing a mother of 3 can do automatically it's prepare
food. Or possibly there was something more in that kiss... but no. There was,
but that was another place and another time.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come here
and sit on my lap.&quot;

&nbsp;

She obliged
quietly and we watched the rest of Regis together. It was a wonderful clear
morning, I could hear the birds chirping outside, the cool breeze coming in
from the kitchen window, the soft light of a new day, so full of promise and
opportunity.

&nbsp;

When the program
ended, I picked up the remote and switched to the video and played it. I
grabbed both her shoulders hard before she took in what was happening. She
watched in shocked silence for a few minutes as she saw the video of her giving
herself to me, kissing and fucking me, apparently quite willingly. She began to
sob softly.

&nbsp;

I slid her off my
knee and sat her down on the floor in front of the couch. I let her cry for a
few more minutes.

&nbsp;

I grasped her
wrists, softly but firmly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lisa.&quot;

&nbsp;

She was still
sobbing.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lisa, Look
at me.&quot;

&nbsp;

She stopped, and
looked up at me with red-rimmed eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;I don't
need the photos anymore. They're fake. This tape is real. He'll never beleive
your story if you tell him. I can send him this tape right now and I guarantee
you that he will leave you.&quot;

&nbsp;

She didn't say
anything. She looked like she was going to cry again.

&nbsp;

&quot;You will do
what I tell you. This will all be over after today but if you refuse me I will
ruin your life. Do you understand?&quot; She nodded glumly, a faint glimmer of
hope evident in her expression.

&nbsp;

I smiled at her
sweetly. &quot;Very well, Lisa. This is what I want you to do. I want you to
unzip my trousers, take out my penis, and lick it.&quot;

&nbsp;

She stared at me
stunned, in horror. Poor little Lisa had never done anything like this. This
was't what nice girls did. This was immoral! Somehow, I wasn't surprised that
she was more accepting of a stranger fucking her than giving a blowjob.

&nbsp;

&quot;I.. I
can't,&quot; she stammered. &quot;It's not right.. it's disgusting..&quot;

&nbsp;

I let go of one
of her wrists, drew my hand back, and slapped her across the face. Hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;Lisa,&quot;
I said, softly but sternly. &quot;I do not care about my job. I do not care
about you or your husband. You will do what I tell you or I will send this tape
to your husband and it will ruin your life. Now you can either pleasure me with
those pretty lips or I will ruin you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Still crying, she
tentatively obeyed.

&nbsp;

Her trembling
fingers reached towards my crotch. Another moment, lost in time. She seemed to
be taking forever. Obeying, but slowly, eternally slowly. Her fingers crawled
towards me, across the centuries. I watched them come, pleased and content. I
licked my lips in anticipation.

&nbsp;

Time seemed to
return to normal as she laid her fingers acrossed my erect member and unzipped
my fly. Her delicate fingers still shook as she carefully bent it to get it to
flop out of the opening. There.

&nbsp;

She looked again
at me, one last time, pleadingly but without any real hope. I stared back at
her, expressionless.

&nbsp;

She closed her
eyes and moved her head slowly, reluctantly, as if hoping the world would end
before she reached me. I could have yelled at her, slapped her, rushed her. But
I wanted to enjoy this moment. Whether she knew it or not, this was the moment
where she accepted my control. And I would never relinquish that control. I
would only clamp down tighter.

&nbsp;

Another eternity
passed. She poked out her tongue shyly and opened her eyes a little bit.
Delicately, she poked the tip of her tongue against the very tip of my glans
and retracted it back into her mouth with a tiny shudder. She looked up again
at me, her eyes pleading - again, not with any real hope, but this time with
utter desperation. I raised my eyebrows and gave her an expectant and utterly
unsympathetic glare.

&nbsp;

With resignation,
she lowered her eyes again and stuck her tongue out further and began to lick
the shaft and head in earnest, in long, somewhat clumsy strokes. Her chest
heaved and she broke contact frequently as barely supressed sobs wracked her
body. Even so, this had to be the best blowjob of my life.

&nbsp;

I've never quite
understood the mentality of the common rapist. To take what you wanted, by
force... Well, I could see the point, but it just seemed so coarse and base.
That was rape of the body. This, now this was something. She didn't want me any
more than any other victim, and she was as helpless. But she wasn't chained,
wasn't restrained in any way. She could have run out of the door and into the
street. But she knew what would happen if she did that.

&nbsp;

So, she raped
herself as I sat there passively. Because I told her to. And in her mind, she
knew that this was bad, that she should just run, but she was weak and afraid.
I'd assured her that if she played along, she would be fine. And if she really
thought about it, she would realize it didn't make any sense. But she wanted to
beleive my words, because I spoke them kindly and because I was being charming
and protective. And she probably knew that she would betray me, that she should
have run out and taken her chances when I showed her the photos, and that she
should have run out when I showed her the video, and that she should run out
now. But she didn't. And in the months and years to come, she would look back
at this moment and realize that her own stupidity and timidity led here to
where she is now. She'd realize she probably could have stopped it.

&nbsp;

And as she looked
back, she'd be filled with pain and regret. She'd know she'd failed her
husband, failed her children, failed herself. And she'd think, hell, she'd know
in her own mind that she deserved this, for being so weak, so indecisive.
Occasionally, in the times to come, I'd order her to me, and as she reached me
and becan to kneel, I'd slap her so hard she fell over. And when she looked up
at me, prostrate on the floor, tears running and cheek throbbing, I'd see a
different kind of desperation, a desperation for acceptance and love and
validation from her rapist. And she'd know that while I was the only one that
would give her those things, she'd also know that that just sent her further
down into the hole of degredation and worthlessness. But she coudln't stop
herself. She needed me now. And she hated herself for it. And the more she
hated, the more she needed.

&nbsp;

And that's the
thought that got me off. My figurative cock raping her mind. And unlike (most)
cases of the brutish physical rape, after the first thrust she was bucking
back, doing all the work. Rape of the body is cheap and base entertinment,
lastings only for the moment. Rape of the mind is a piece of art, lasting
forever, becoming more enticing with each day.

&nbsp;

And so I came
into her mouth. She didn't seem sure what to do, and so I took her hand and put
it under her chin and softly ordered her to spit it out. She did so, and I
tightened my grip on her wrist and pushed her hand back into her face, smearing
my seed all over it.

&nbsp;

She looked back
at me, eyes watering, mouth quavering in surprise and wordless, abject fear.

&nbsp;

I smiled back,
truly pleased. She had no idea.













I smiled at her. She had no idea what she was in for. More fun for me.



She looked absolutely confused and terrified, which made my erection return almost immediately.



"I want you to go upstairs and change. You may put on a spaghetti strap halter top and some high-heeled sandal shoes.&nbsp; Nothing else. Put the sandals on first and then the top. Once you are dressed as I have [i]commanded[/i] - I let the&nbsp; word sink in - I want you to clasp your hands behind your head. You will walk down the stairs like this and walk to&nbsp; me and await my further instruction. You will remain in that pose until I say otherwise. Go.



She looked stunned for a few moments. I kicked out at her sharply, striking her in the ribs with my boot. She broke&nbsp; out of her trance and immediately ran upstairs, stumbled and fell flat on her face but quickly righted herself and&nbsp; continued, barely slowing down at all.



I smiled and turned on Sportscenter.



-------



Some 10 minutes later I saw out of the corner of my eyes, padding down the stairs in her highest pair of heels and&nbsp; clad in nothing more than the halter top I had earlier "suggested".



I watched her as she climbed unsteadily down the stairs.



"You look very appropriate."



She grimaced and continued navigating the stairs in her heels.



"Come here and stand flush with the coffee table with your hands behind your head and your legs spread."



She did as I commanded, looking plaintive.



I continued watching TV.



After about 30 minutes, I saw despite her best efforts she was starting to show signs of fatigue. I took some small&nbsp; pity on her.



"You may kneel. You are still required to keep your hands in the Slut position, and your legs spread.". She grimaced&nbsp; a little at being called a slut but did as I commanded. After about an hour of this her hands were trembling. I took&nbsp; no notice, idly playing with my cock as I watched Skip Bayless make an idiot of himself and cast sidelong glances at&nbsp; Lisa, fully enjoying her suffering.



Finally, after hours and hours, and what seemed like an eternity, she found the courage to pipe up.



"Joel is coming home soon," she said. "at 5:30."



Of course I knew this. I was simply waiting for her to speak, knowing she dreaded the punishment I would give her if&nbsp; she were to speak out of turn.



"I know, you stupid whore. Get up and stand against the front door, legs spread. You may run upstairs and hide in the&nbsp; bathroom once the door starts to open. I expect you to do a gymnastic bridge, on all fours, stomach pointed towards&nbsp; the ceiling, in the bathtub, completely naked when I check on you. If you are not you will receive a severe beating&nbsp; and perhaps I will pull out a few o your teeth.", I threatened. She sobbed a few quick sobs and assumed the position&nbsp; I commanded besides the door. She had an utterly beaten look about her. She had no idea how beaten she was to become.



---



Before too long, there was the sound of the garage door opening.



"Stay.." I ordered.



She did nothing but trembled more and more.



"Stay until I say."



She shivered even more.



Footsteps.



She trembled and shook but still maintained the position.



Finally, the handle of the door began to turn.



"Run."



She dashed up the stairs as the door opened and Joel stepped in.



A sight to behold for the ladies, he was nevertheless a simpleton. A retard. What a fucking moron. how could&nbsp; something so worthless have crawled out of her snatch. His twin brother, Bjorn, was more of an intellectual, but I&nbsp; knew from my investigation of Lisa that Joel was somehow the favorite. Women always have a soft spot for the&nbsp; weakling.



Both were 16, but whereas Bjorn was a reasonably good-looking if portly intellectual, Joel was Adonis personified, but&nbsp; quite slow.



Smiling at the way her tits flopped in her flight an his apparent obliviousness to the situation, I greeted Joel.



"Joel! How are you! Your mother had to use the restroom but she will be down soon. I believe she fixed you a glass of&nbsp; orange juice for your snack!"



Before he could even process this wealth of information I had strode into the kitchen and was pouring a glass of&nbsp; orange juice for the retard and well before he had entered the room I emptied a flask of crushed Viagra mixed with a&nbsp; sedative meant for horses into it and had stirred it in nicely.



He it all so greedily, his dullard's eyes shining. He sure was easy to please.



"It tastes... A bit... funny." he said.



"She made it extra special just for you. You know how special you are to her, don't you Joel."



".......Yes." was all he could manage.



Good Christ. I thought there would have been some redeeming value to this utter retard for him to love him so much,&nbsp; but no. He was just a beautiful simpleton.



He drank long and deep. After a few seconds, he began to visibly sway.



I walked to him and put my arms around him.



"You look a little under the weather, there, Joel."



He grunted a bit.



"I'll help you to your bed. You look sick. I bet you'll feel better after a nice nap, huh?" I led him to his bed and&nbsp; he fell asleep almost instantly after hitting the pillow. Pulling down his pants, I found an erection already pushing&nbsp; the fabric



I went into the bathroom and saw Lisa still diligently. I took out a syringe with a smaller amount of the same&nbsp; sedative in it. I showed it to her and her eyes got big as saucers an her lips began to tremble.



"This is going to hurt, but I don't care. If you cry out or fall, I will punch you in the face as hard as I can."



She bit her lip in response and closed her eyes.



I jabbed the thing roughly into her thigh and jammed on the plunger harder than I needed to.



I watched her carefully as she started to sway.



I helped her to her feet and put my arm around her shoulder when I sensed she could no longer sustain herself. She&nbsp; followed me to Joel's bedroom without complaint. I dumped her on the bed, naked as her birthday and put her hand&nbsp; around her son's fully erect cock. I framed a picture as she stared blearily back at me, obviously confused.



"Smile." The word brooked no argument and she was in such a drug-addled state that she actually complied.



Click.



I still have that picture framed in my house, her grinning like a dumb slut, fingers twined around her 16-year old&nbsp; retard son's erect cock as he lay their with his eyes closed and mouth open. The first task of her day is always to&nbsp; Windex the glass on top of the photo.



She seemed to sort of realize, even now, what I now had and a worried look started to cross her face, but the&nbsp; sedative got to her and made her features go slack first.



Walking over to her, I lifted her up by her torso and pried her mouth open with my free hand and unceremoniously&nbsp; dumped her face on top of her son's member. I took a few pictures like this, but had to lift her up for each one so&nbsp; she wouldn't gag to death on it, as much fun as that might have been.



Click, Click, Click.



I took some more too, putting her mouth around the side, even managing to lift her up onto it to enter her vaginally.&nbsp; That one took some doing, though, as I had to kind of use her arms to prop her up and arch her back so she wouldn't&nbsp; just fall over. Realizing her son's limbs were in the same position every shot, I adjusted them a bit and retook some&nbsp; of the blowjob ones for good measure.



Then I went even further, dumping her on him in a 69 position, being careful not to smother either of them. The best&nbsp; was a wicked spur-of the moment idea I had where I rolled the idiot over, ass-up and shoved her face between his&nbsp; buttcheeks as if she were cleaning out his asshole. Right after that one, I rolled him back over and took another&nbsp; picture from behind with her splayed over him, her arms pinned behind his chest and his on top of her back and her&nbsp; face resting on top of his at a slight angle. Of course, they weren't ACTUALLY kissing, but when shot from behind it&nbsp; didn't really matter.



I even staged an anal shot, though of course I really just had her sitting in front of the idiot's dick. There was no&nbsp; way I could get that thing in there without lubrication while she was unconscious.



Oh, yes, I had loads and loads of fun, staging such a wonderful mother-son rape.



I'd planned to let her wake in a bathtub full of cold water and ice and not show her the photos until later, but I&nbsp; had another great spur-of-the-moment idea.



I hefted her up on top of him again, her on top of him, impaling her once again, this time in the rodeo position -&nbsp; essentially her squatting down on his cock, facing his feet. I got a couple pairs of handcuffs from my briefcase, and&nbsp; locked one around her right ankle, then ran the other under his massive chest and got the other one. The short length&nbsp; of the handcuff chain forced her legs to bend inward and under him and looked seriously uncomfortable. Chuckling, I&nbsp; squeezed the cuffs, ratcheting them down tighter, not enough to cut off blood flow but certainly enough to cause lots&nbsp; of bruising. She, after all, was not here to be comfortable.



I cuffed her hands behind her back, this time shortening the chain to keep her wrists basically right next to each&nbsp; other. I then ran a rope from that chain, over Joel's head,&nbsp; and through the other handcuff chain, and lashed it good&nbsp; and tight. I was about to leave them like that, but then noticed the way things had worked out, her hands were sort&nbsp; of resting directly behind his head on the bed, which gave me another terrible idea. I got another, shorter, rope,&nbsp; and tied a slipknot around his neck. I found a empty wastebasket in the room, and propped that against the head of&nbsp; the bed and pushed her up to have her hands rest against that.



The sum total of all this is that she would be unable to get off him, due to his erect prong, which would last about&nbsp; 1 and 1/2 hours, judging by the life of the pill. If some evil man were to remove the wastebasket, she would have to&nbsp; basically do one long, long sit-up to avoid inadvertently strangling her son. And there was, of course, the handcuffs&nbsp; bruising her and the strain in her legs..



I glanced at her nipples. I'd planned to break her in slowly to the idea of torture, but why not? No reason they&nbsp; shouldn't be in on the fun too! Besides, her chest looked empty without them. I got a pair of clover clamps from my&nbsp; briefcase and was about to secure them on her. But then I figured... Why not let her dread a little. So I laid them&nbsp; across her son's legs, so they'd be the first thing she saw when she came to.



This was just so perfect. I ran downstairs to get the video camera. This was utterly useless for blackmail, of course,&nbsp; but I wanted this to be saved forever.



I gave her son another hit of the tranquilizer, intravenously this time. Lisa got a needle as well, though this time&nbsp; full of caffeine instead.



I left them in their last position, with her lying on top, snatch impaled upon his dick, and gave Joel a topping-off&nbsp; of tranquilizer, intravenously this time.



Lisa got another shot too, though this time the syringe contained caffeine.



I had the camera loaded up with a new tape and running well before she started stirring a couple minutes after the&nbsp; shot. I had sat myself down to watch and was idly stroking myself while she started to stir. In her drug-addled haze,&nbsp; it took her awhile to realize what was happening, and when she did, it seemed to come all at once, and she started&nbsp; uncontrollably convulsing, screaming and babbling and crying all at once and trying to get off, struggling against&nbsp; her bonds. I leapt to my feet and grabbed her arm hard.



I put my face right in front her hers and let her see my anger. "STOP!" I shouted. True, abject fear showed in her&nbsp; eyes. I let myself smile wickedly.



"That's better." I brought my arm around and slapped the side of her face HARD. She let out a little yelp that brought&nbsp; an end to her stupid litany of mumbles and little whimpers and shuddering sobs.



"Now listen up, you dumb cunt. You're stuck. You can't get off, unless you want to snap your son's cock in two. Is&nbsp; that what you want? You want to ruin your little boy's manhood like you just ruined his innocence? She shook her head&nbsp; no, still mumbling incoherently a little and sagging her head. I raised it up to look directly in my eyes. "Really,&nbsp; how many mothers are the first pussy their sons enter? Or the first to suck them off? You must really be some kind of&nbsp; wanton slut."



Of course, none of that was fair and only half of it true. She hadn't really sucked him off and he'd been completely&nbsp; oblivious and she was of course unconscious and forced. But the words found their mark because of the haze and the&nbsp; confusion and the shame of waking up with her little boy's giant cock wedged in her snatch. Tears welled up into her&nbsp; eyes and she began to sob in earnest again.



I slapped her again, though not has hard. She still was sobbing, so I gave her a nice punch in the solar plexus to&nbsp; shut her up.



As she sucked wind, I held her face up to look at mine again. I let her see a big, horrible grin.



"But it gets better, Lisa dear. As you probably haven't managed to notice yet, because you are too busy being such a&nbsp; blubbering, useless bitch, your hands are propped up against a wastebasket. When I remove that wastebasket, if let&nbsp; them rest against the bed, you'll strangle your son!



She looked at me with wide, terrified eyes, pleading me silently and babbling with her mouth again. How could this&nbsp; possibly get any worse?



I pointed at the clock across the room. "There's about an hour and a half left on that erection pill, at which point&nbsp; you can extract yourself from him. I'm not letting you out of your bonds before then. If you're too weak to maintain&nbsp; your position, even to save your son's life, I'll just gag you and leave you here. I've already falsified the&nbsp; purchasing receipts for all this stuff in your name and I'll leave them in your desk drawer, take all my stuff, and&nbsp; leave you to starve to death with your son's rotting corpse fucking you until you die. You don't want that do you?"



All lies, of course, I wasn't about to let her or her son die anywhere near yet, not after all this careful planning.&nbsp; And of course the nonsense about falsifying the receipts, how would I even do that? But she was in no position to&nbsp; think critically. I just didn't want her to assume she could just flag when she got tired and accept whatever beating&nbsp; I'd give her.



Anyway, she just mumbled and sobbed more and somehow looked even more desperate and hopeless. She was starting to&nbsp; seriously shake now. I'd planned to break her in slowly, one new torment to savor each day, but this was just so much&nbsp; better. A series of savage slaps to her face and breasts brought her back to something approaching reality. I made a&nbsp; show of kicking out the wastebasket from under her. She rocked back briefly but quickly found her stomach muscles and&nbsp; launched herself upright until the rope connecting the two pairs of handcuffs twanged taut, preventing her from being&nbsp; able to support her weight with anything more than her stomach muscles. Her eyes started to tear up again from the&nbsp; effort.



I let her enjoy this for a few moments before picking up the clover clamps and jangled them in front of her face.



"Now, I'd planned to put these on your tits for the whole time, but I feel just a little bit sorry for you so I have&nbsp; a little challenge for you. If you can keep this on your tongue for a whole 30 seconds without any of your stupid&nbsp; blubbering and crying I'll put them back in my suitcase instead. Would you like that? Would you like a chance to&nbsp; prove your not such a stupid, weak, rapist whore of a mommy?"



The words found their mark and she cringed from them but nodded her head yes.



I smiled. There was no way she'd manage it. It's possible, of course, but I knew in her mental state and her current&nbsp; tolerance to pain it just wouldn't happen. But it'd hurt her a lot and would hurt her inside knowing she'd "earned"&nbsp; the added pain by being weak.



"Good girl. Stick out your tongue, Lisa".



She actually looked gratefully at me for the small praise and this small "mercy" of allowing her to suffer tongue&nbsp; torment in addition to tit torment.



I clamped the thing on the center of her tongue. Almost immediately she started to shake and tear up. She didn't last&nbsp; five seconds before she began to cry and whine.



"You're utterly worthless. Three seconds is all you can take? Utterly, completely, worthless, stupid, slut, WHORE!" I&nbsp; slapped her again. The words hurt more than the slap, though.



I sighed exaggeratedly. "Alright. Fine, you retarded bitch. I picked up the loose end of the clover clamps. You can&nbsp; take it off your tongue now, but you've earned a needle through toenail for disappointing me."



She looked at me in shock and disbelief.



I pulled the chain of the clamps taught. "What's wrong, stupid? Can't figure out how to get the clamps off? I bet&nbsp; even that lackwit MORON of a son you shit out the wrong hole could figure it out. Pull your head and reel in your&nbsp; tongue and pull it off, dumbo. Unless you just want both clamps on your tongue for the whole hour!"



This lit a fire under her and she began struggling, trying to pull back and fighting against the pain. But of course,&nbsp; clover clamps just clamp down tighter the more you pull on them. She kept at it, tears in her eyes, pleading me&nbsp; silently for mercy.



"PULL, you dumb bitch! I don't have patience for your useless bumbling! Get them off NOW or they're going to stay&nbsp; on!"



This really got her frightened and she was crying and shuddering, pulling and pulling and pushing at it with her&nbsp; teeth and pulling her tongue back in until finally they slid out of her mouth with a pop.



"Took you long enough." Was all I said. I grabbed her nipple and put the clamp on just behind it, doing the same with&nbsp; the other one. She just looked up at me with these sad, beaten eyes. If she thought this was it, if she thought this&nbsp; was the limit of depravity, suffering, and humiliation, she was in for a long, rocky, road.



I lay back and began to jerk myself off at a leisurely pace as I watched her struggle to maintain her position. Every&nbsp; so often she's just start babbling or sobbing until she started to flag from the effort and would have to stop to&nbsp; conserve her strength.



She probably thought it was going to be the longest and worst hour and a half in her life. Not true, but that would&nbsp; come later. Every five minutes or so I'd lift up her nipple chain and waggle it around, and every fifteen I'd take&nbsp; the clamps off and put them on again at a different angle. Pretty soon she started just crying every time I even&nbsp; touched the chain, her little buds were so horribly sore.



That wasn't the worst thing, though. About an hour into this she was visibly shaking with the effort of holding&nbsp; herself up. I got another pair of clamps out from my briefcase, intending to stick them on her cuntflaps. But, I&nbsp; noticed that her slit was starting to get really wet! No wonder, I thought, even the horror and the pain of the&nbsp; situation couldn't outweigh the fact that she WAS getting fucked, and while the stimulation was cruel it was there.&nbsp; Plus, all that shuddering around had to be stimulating her little clit too.



I gave her a surprised smile as I plunged my hand down there and began manually stimulating her button.



"Wow, Lisa! Even I wouldn't have thought you'd be wet after being tortured and fucking your own son? Jesus Christ,&nbsp; you're sopping!"



Well, not really, but the words had the desired effect. This utterly miserable look crossed her face as she tried to&nbsp; fight the rising pleasure. It did take awhile, almost a full 20 minutes, but in the end she succumbed to a rolling,&nbsp; screaming, trembling orgasm. Completely spent, she let herself dump back against the bed, panting. I let her lie there&nbsp; for a few seconds, keeping one eye on Joel to make sure he didn't go blue. She realized quickly enough what she was&nbsp; doing and sprung back up with energy I didn't think she had. An utterly priceless look crossed her face. This look of&nbsp; absolute shame and embarrassment and real disgust with herself. Almost immediately though, her strength began to flag&nbsp; and she had to steel herself again, trying to stay upright.



I just glared at her, trying to make myself look contemptuous. "You really are something. You really are such a&nbsp; selfish fucking whore. You just HAD to have that little orgasm, huh? How will you feel when that strength you spent&nbsp; on getting yourself off ends up costing your son his life? You care more about getting your little pussy fucked than&nbsp; your son's life?"



She really looked pained and started to cry, big, wracking, heaving sobs.



"I bet you would have done this anyway if I hadn't come. Jesus Christ you are SICK and WORTHLESS. You should have&nbsp; died during childbirth, your little whelps would be better off with a corpse to suckle on. I have half a mind just to&nbsp; get my gun and shoot you right here, right now. You don't deserve to live."



That did it. She completely broke and began to sob, and sob, and sob, and sob. I let her just cry all her pride and&nbsp; self-esteem and willpower down her face, tits, pussy, and pool up around the balls of her unconscious, retarded son.



Speaking of which, I noticed her son's cock starting to soften. I took my knife and cut her bonds, and shoved her over&nbsp; onto her side. I shoved my erect member into her face and began to fuck it. I was ready to go an hour and a half&nbsp; ago, and didn't bother making a show of lasting more than ten seconds in her mouth. She sat there, dull-eyed, letting&nbsp; me rape her mouth without complaint, and halfheartedly swallowed without otherwise moving or protesting.



I let her lie there a couple seconds, then shoved her off the bed onto the floor.



"Get up."



She seemed to still be in a state of shock so I administered another couple kicks to her ribs. Her strength was all&nbsp; but spent, but she still managed to struggle to her knees.



"You're disgusting and sweaty and covered in come." I made another exasperated sigh. "Time to hose you down like the&nbsp; sow you are, I guess."



I really had planned to take this much slower, but this was so much better. It would have been nice to break her in&nbsp; slowly, but I had to admit there were probably benefits to hurting her so much, so quickly. Over time she'd start to&nbsp; dull to the emotional pain as she began to believe she truly was all the things I called her, but having it all come&nbsp; so quickly and having the proof right there in front of her was really going to have an interesting effect, I&nbsp; wagered.



I grabbed her nipple chain lightly, and even that small movement brought a shrill cry of pain.



"Come on, dumbass. To the shower."



I pulled on it and she sort of half-stumbled along, hands still cuffed behind her back, knees scraping against the&nbsp; carpet.



--



I got her into the bathroom and made a show of turning the shower into ice cold.



"Get in," I ordered.



She found her words for the first time.



"Please... please.. It's cold.. I hate cold sh.."



I cut her off.



"You just got done FUCKING your retarded son. You came all over his cock. Your vile juices are caked in his pubic&nbsp; hair. You almost strangled him to death because you were too busy getting off raping his dick. You don't deserve warm&nbsp; water, skank."



She began to cry again but nodded her head and stepped meekly into the shower. I let her have the cold water spray&nbsp; full on in her face, then her breasts and back and finally up her pussy and asshole. She began to shiver and shake&nbsp; and slipped and fell down. Just then she burped up a bit of come, but without any prompting scrambled to lick it up,&nbsp; correctly assuming she'd get beaten for that.



I soaped up a sponge and began to clean her body off, chiding her all the while about how useless she was and how I&nbsp; had to do this for her since she'd only diddle herself if I let her. She jumped every time I washed her breasts,&nbsp; seeing as how that chain was still on there.



Finally, I was done. I grabbed her handcuffs and lifted her up by them, causing another squeal of pain. I sat her&nbsp; down, naked, on the toilet.



"Look up at me."



She looked through dead, pleading eyes.



I picked up the chain again, bringing a gasp of pain. But wisely, she didn't break eye contact.



"I'm going to take these off. It's been almost an hour since I moved them around so this is going to hurt, a LOT."



She sobbed and half-nodded.



I pulled them off and she wailed and wailed and though she tried, she broke eye contact not once but twice. I would&nbsp; have put them back on anyway, but this way was more fun.



"Since you broke eye contact with your master, these are going right back on. You will learn that displeasing me&nbsp; results in more pain for you. I imagine that's going to be quite a lot of pain since you seem utterly incapable of&nbsp; doing anything right.



She started to sob and half-plead but made no move to resist as I put them back on, switching the angle again. She&nbsp; did howl as I pulled the chain up again, but managed to mostly maintain eye contact. I chose to ignore the fact she&nbsp; scrunched up her eyes as she howled.



"If you think that hurts now, bitch, just wait until tomorrow when they're all bruised. It'll hurt more than twice as&nbsp; much!"



Her reaction to this was almost in detectable as she was utterly fatigued and already sobbing, but it was there. An&nbsp; extra-long sob betrayed her dread.



"Now pay attention. You don't get to towel off. You don't get to dry or comb your hair. I want you to put on the&nbsp; outfit you had before - halter top, high-heel sandals, and this time, a pair of panties. Then, go into your son's&nbsp; room, and stuff his dirty underwear down the back of your panties. I knew her hair would drip onto them and make them&nbsp; soaking wet and would serve to make her feel even more horrible and humiliated, like she had a full diaper or&nbsp; something."



"You might as well clean off your son's pubic hair. You got your cum all over him when you raped him. You aren't&nbsp; allowed to use warm water, EVER, but you can use your mouth if you think he deserves better than you."



I knew she would. I could tell I was getting to her already. She was starting to actually believe me through some&nbsp; combination of the residual effect of the drugs and the absolute overwhelmingness of it all.



"I hope your tiny brain can find some way to get all that done in ten minutes with your handcuffs still on. IF you&nbsp; don't, you can just stay like that until you get another chance tomorrow night, for all I care."



This didn't please her judging by her stricken expression.



I pushed her face down and left. Over my shoulder, I called back to her:



"If by some miracle you manage to get all that done, I'll be downstairs watching more television. Come stand where&nbsp; you did before, this time with your legs closed. If you're not down there in ten minutes having done everything I&nbsp; commanded you can just sleep on the floor of the bathroom until I come get you tomorrow morning.



I left her there, crying and sobbing as she began to fumble at her clothes.



--



I turned on the football game and didn't even bother watching, just replaying the wonderful wonderful afternoon in my&nbsp; head. I almost didn't even notice as she minced down the stairs, sopping wet, shivering and looking utterly&nbsp; ridiculous with the ball of underpants in the back of her panties. She stood in the correct place, ankles locked&nbsp; together, and bowed her head in humiliation or submission or possibly both.



A moment just doesn't get any better than that. Or maybe it does. You'll have to wait to find out.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Fish


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





