BDSM Library - Mammary Distress




Mammary Distress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This tale deals with the refined and detailed torture of women, centered almost exclusively on their breasts.  








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  1
  6
  2007-08-03T22:13:00Z
  2007-08-03T22:19:00Z
  14
  5331
  30390
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  253
  71
  35650
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






MAMMARY DISTRESS

Erik Von Schmiser&nbsp;

&nbsp;

M/f, M+/f,
F/f, MF/f, interracial, size, BDSM, S/M, consensual, torture, nc, Extreme,
Heavy, violent.

This tale deals with the refined and detailed torture of women, centered almost
exclusively on their breasts.&nbsp; 

Subjects/victims may be zealous, fanatical masochists, searching for the ever
elusive ultimate in pain, others will be those unfortunate enough to have
attracted the attention of one or more of those whose greatest pleasure in life
is inflicting&nbsp; horrific pain in the most savage and barbaric ways
imaginable on helpless women. This is not a bland, vanilla imitation..........
It is a narrative of explicit, violent, sadistic torment and torture.. There
will be considerable screaming and begging, pleading for mercy..&nbsp; Such a
thing is unknown to these people.
&nbsp; 
If such actions offend your delicate nature or views, save everyone, most of
all yourself, the pain of continuing.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

And PLEASE!&nbsp; Remember, it's all fiction.


Chapter 1


These name of this group of passionate devotees, and practioners&nbsp; of the
torture of women is known as the &quot;quiet ones.&quot; Their methods result
in anything BUT quiet. They don't advertise their calling.. Those desiring
their services find their way to them quite nicely, and those &quot;involuntary
guests&quot; have no say in the matter.

Their den of horrors consists of a large isolated estate with no close by
habitation. A prerequisite for such a noisy endeavor.&nbsp; (The screaming you
know.) The property encompasses many acres, they even have their own airfield
to make &quot;deliveries&quot; convenient and private.&nbsp; 

No attempt is made to suppress or muffle the continual screaming of it's &quot;
customers&quot; and &quot;guests&quot;. They luxuriate in the results of the
plying of their craft. Too, hearing the screams of other patrons seems to add
to the&nbsp; delectation of the customers, and to the terror of
&quot;guests&quot;.

All in all a quite happy and pleasant group.


&quot;JOY&quot;

Joy is a lifelong masochist.&nbsp; From where her preoccupation with pain
springs is not known.&nbsp; No matter, she has been in search of those who will
subject her to any kind of abuse resulting in ever escalating levels of pain
most of her adult life. She seems to have an unlimited source of income.&nbsp;
Her most trusted employee is Isaac, a huge black hulk of a man whose ostensible
job is security at her extensive estate.&nbsp; His real job is to assure she is
strung up and lashed viciously each week, centering on her luxuriant
breasts,&nbsp; or whatever other punishment she dreams up.&nbsp; He is
slavishly devoted to Joy, and nothing is allowed to interfere with her wishes
and desires.

Several of her friends are closet masochists too and it was one of them who
appraised her of the existence of the group. It took Joy little time obtaining
the necessary information to contact them and arrange a meeting.

The group maintained a low profile but still maintained luxurious quarters in a
large city where they interviewed prospective clients.&nbsp; 

It was necessary for her to complete an extensive questionnaire and submit it
to them before they would even grant her an interview.&nbsp; Her request for
such interview&nbsp; was approved and an appointment for an in-depth interview
arranged.

The appointment day came and Joy was quite excited at the possibility of
availing herself of the promised &quot;services.&quot; Of finding someone to
truly torture her and under conditions she could not control or stop if it got
too heavy for even her. Once committed she would be a virtual prisoner of these
diabolical torturers. She arrived punctually at the specified time and place,
her panties damp in anticipation.

She was ushered into a large office and told to make herself comfortable by the
interviewer. As she entered she noticed the heavy oak door had fat rubber
cushioning around the perimeter, the windows were triple pane and she realized
the walls appeared to be padded too.&nbsp; The room was soundproof.

&quot;My name is Frederick, and I will ask you a few more questions and you may
ask your own.&quot;

&quot;As the information supplied states, we offer a very comprehensive course
of treatment.&nbsp; They are thorough and if you truly desire that which you
expressed in the questionnaire I am sure you will receive all you wish, and
more.&quot;

&quot;I certainly hope so. I desperately want someone to take me to my limits
and beyond.&quot;

&quot;Let me make one thing absolutely. &quot;There ARE NO LIMITS&quot;. We
will do as we see fit to you.&nbsp; No amount of pleading or begging of any
kind will have any effect on your treatment.&nbsp; Screams will avail you
nothing. In fact we encourage them, and believe me you WILL scream!&quot; Your
stay will end only when the time you have paid for expires.&nbsp; Do you
understand?&quot;

&quot;Oh yes, of course.&nbsp; How soon may I start?&quot;

&quot;You will make arrangements to be absent from your normal place of
habitation and&nbsp; make it clear that once you leave you will be unreachable
until the date you specify which will be at the end of your contracted stay
with us.&quot;

&quot;I'm ready immediately and have already given a letter to my solicitor
explaining my absence.&nbsp; It is also my understanding that my man Isaac may
accompany me and observe my treatments.&nbsp; Is that correct?&quot;

&quot;Indeed it is. Here are your&nbsp; instructions regarding transportation
to the manor.&nbsp; You can leave within the hour via our private jet.&nbsp;
Before you leave I must ask you to view a short film of some of our
treatments&nbsp; But first there is the matter of payment.&quot;

&quot;Here is a certified, insured check for the full amount.&nbsp; $150,000
dollars.&nbsp; Is that correct?&quot;

&quot;Certainly madam.&nbsp; Congratulations you are now our property.&quot;

&quot;Of course, I understand completely.&nbsp; The film will give me something
to look forward to.&quot;

&quot;You can be assured it will do that.&quot;

With that Frederick touched a few buttons on a desk console and the lighting in
the room was subdued and the huge plasma TV screen on the wall came to life
with a drawn out ear piercing scream&nbsp; The stark image on the screen
explained the shrieking.&nbsp; A woman of about her own age hung naked and
suspended on an iron frame.&nbsp; Her arms were stretched wide and her large
prominent breasts bulged from her chest.&nbsp; A large, heavily muscled man
stood in front of her a little to one side.&nbsp; He was savagely beating her
unprotected globes with a stout bamboo cane.&nbsp; Each blow sunk deeply into
the soft flesh of her breasts, nearly disappearing into them.&nbsp; They were
already heavily striated by angry red weal's, he obviously had been beating her
breasts for some time. She screamed continually, struggling futilely against
the cruel straps holding her. The flagellating continued for several more
minutes before the scene changed.&nbsp; A young girl, no more than 18-19 was
bent back over a steel bar, her manacled wrists were bent around it and hooked
to a tight iron band about her waist.&nbsp; Her voluminous breasts were thrust
up and forward.&nbsp; Cords had been&nbsp; looped around each of her nipples
and pulled up&nbsp; grotesquely.&nbsp; An exotic looking woman was burning
designs into the flesh of her tits with a glowing, smoldering iron.&nbsp;
Interspersed with her howls of agony she begged and pleaded for the woman to
stop.&nbsp; She thrashed and struggled in her bindings as the woman stripped
the skin from a breast.

The display went on for 30 minutes, each scene more savage and heinous than the
previous.

&quot;This dear lady is what is in store for you once you arrive at our manse.
One last thing before you leave.&nbsp; Remove your clothes&quot;

&quot;What?&nbsp; Now? Here?&quot;

&quot;Yes! here and now!&nbsp; And be quick about it, remember you now belong
to me, body and soul. You will do as I and my colleagues order.&nbsp; Now
strip. I want to inspect this package you described in your application.&quot;

&quot;Joy quickly regained her composure.&nbsp; Of course, she willingly had
surrendered her freedom for the status as a piece of meat to be done with as
wanted. 

Joy quickly disrobed, removing skirt and blouse, but before she could go
further Frederick stopped her.&nbsp; 

Joy stands 5ft 6inches, weighs 128pounds, with flaming red hair which cascades
down her back nearly to her delightful derriere.&nbsp; Her legs are long for
her height and beautifully formed.&nbsp; Her voluminous breasts thrust forward
stupendously, unrestrained by brassiere there is not a hint of sag, the nipples
fat, stiff and erect, protruding nearly an inch from the aureoles.&nbsp;
Frederick had stopped her because he wished to admire her appearance.. She wore
a&nbsp; black leather bustier ending below those stupendous mounds.&nbsp;
Straps from the bottom held up dark stockings and her feet were shod in&nbsp;
sexy, strappy sandals with 6 inch heels.&nbsp; She was indeed a luscious sight
to behold.&nbsp; Frederick licked his lips and you could almost hear his
thoughts of how fortunate he was to have such a morsel to do with as he
pleased.

&quot;Quite impressive my dear.&nbsp; I just had to see them for myself. Are
they really 38 HH?&quot;

&quot;Yes they are.&nbsp; And they're real, no silicone here.&quot;

&quot;This is indeed going to be a pleasure.&quot;

He stepped closer and grasped one of the huge nipples, pinching and drawing it
out.
Joy didn't even flinch, just closed her eyes and drew in a sharp breath, a
slight moan of ecstasy escaping her lips as he released the nubbin.

&quot; Yes indeed, a real pleasure. You may dress now.&nbsp; Here are travel
papers for you and your man.&nbsp; Go directly to the airport, the plane is
waiting.&quot;

&quot;Oh thank you. I'm sure things are going to go wonderfully.&quot;

If she only realized what lay in store she might have had some misgivings..

Joy and Isaac were whisked to the airport and in no time at all were airborne,
enroute to a hell she could scarcely imagine.

The flight only took a couple of hours and as they prepared to land Joy could
see the huge mansion and grounds.&nbsp; She also noticed that even from their
altitude there was not a single sign of any habitation in&nbsp; site in any
direction.&nbsp; After landing the plane taxied to a hangar at one side.&nbsp;
They deplaned and were again whisked away in a limousine.&nbsp; It was&nbsp; a
short drive to the mansion and they got out and entered. A well built young man
greeted them and told them to follow him. They entered a long hallway which led
to another part of the mansion.&nbsp; As they moved further from the entrance
hall noises could be heard which soon became a cacophony of screams.&nbsp; More
than one person was being horribly tortured somewhere close by.. Joy's heart
was racing. As they moved further into the building screaming grew in
volume.&nbsp; The young man escorting them smiled as each new shriek of agony
reverberated through the halls.&nbsp; Joy thought, my God, soon those howls of
pain will be coming from me.&nbsp; She was so excited juices were dribbling
down her thigh, she was trembling in anticipation.

They were moving down a long stone hallway with iron doors set into the masonry
on either side.&nbsp; They stopped before one and their escort said, &quot;This
is yours.&nbsp; Before you enter, remove your clothes.&nbsp; A message from
Frederick wishes you to leave just your underclothes on, you will however
remove the rest.

Joy was a little take aback to disrobe in the passageway but realized that she
was a prisoner and did as told.&nbsp; He opened the door and pushed her
in.&nbsp; 

&quot;Hertha will be here shortly to settle you in.&quot;

The iron door clanged closed and the lock clicked.

Her &quot;room&quot; was a stark stone cell 12 ft square.&nbsp; Chains dangled
from rings imbedded in the wall and the stone ceiling. A stainless steel toilet
occupied a corner,&nbsp; A solitary water tap stuck from a wall.&nbsp; No bed,
no chair, nothing.&nbsp; She sat on the toilet and waited.&nbsp; 

Hertha arrived shortly thereafter.&nbsp; She was a large, buxom, blonde woman
with a carryall for her accoutrements.&nbsp; She quickly went to work placing
leather cuffs around Joy's wrists and ankles.&nbsp; She dragged Joy over under
a couple of chains hanging from the overhead and stretched an arm up and
latched it fast.&nbsp; She did the same with the other wrist.&nbsp; Joy was
forced up till her toes were some inches above the stone floor.&nbsp; She
expected the woman would take a whip of some sort from her bag and give her a
whipping, however when she had hung Joy up, she picked up her carryall and left
the cell.

Joy waited for someone to come and do something.&nbsp; After all she was here
to be abused.&nbsp; Time passed and no one came.&nbsp; Her arms began to ache,
her weight was beginning to tell.&nbsp; She searched with her toes for some
contact with the floor to relieve the strain but they remained some inches
above it.&nbsp; She tried to pull herself up to exercise some of the ache away
but she tired of this in short order, her weight stretched her muscles making
them cramp, the pain shooting up her arms and back.&nbsp; Well she thought, I
wanted to be tortured, this is the start.&nbsp; Soon someone will come along
and take her for her first session in what she was coming to realize would be a
torture chamber.&nbsp; A hideous shriek rang in her ears, someone being
tortured she thought, God what must they be doing to her. It was joined by more
screams from other tormented souls.&nbsp; All these screams...&nbsp; woman
being tortured, and she knew that these people dealt in breast torture almost
exclusively, and it would soon be her turn.&nbsp; Oh please hurry, I need it,
hurry, make me scream too.&nbsp;&nbsp; Her arms were cramping from the
suspension.&nbsp;&nbsp; How long had it been?&nbsp; Several hours she was sure,
but then with her arms stretched so high overhead the minutes seems like hours.&nbsp;
Her hands had long since gone numb, the muscles of her arms twitched and
trembled. A mere hour has elapsed. It seems an eternity.&nbsp; Surely they
would not leave her hanging very long.&nbsp; The sweat trickled down her face
from her soaked hair, dripping onto her tremendous breasts&nbsp; running&nbsp;
in rivulets across the lush flesh and dripped in large drops from her stiff
nipples.&nbsp; 

God when will they come?&nbsp; Please hurry, hanging like this is&nbsp;
torment.&nbsp; Well hellooooo! You are here to be TORTURED! She dotes on pain
yes but she wants it to be her tits that are the center of her trials.&nbsp;
Her shoulders are screaming in pain, they feel as though they are being
wrenched from their sockets. Joy thinks she has been hanging here for hours and
hours. It has now been 2 hours since they hoisted her.

She cries out, pleads to be released, this is not what she agreed to. Oh
really?&nbsp; 

Joy is left to hang, suspended by her brutally cuffed arms for 4 more
hours.&nbsp; She begins to hallucinate, picturing herself on some medieval
rack, her limbs being torn from her body.&nbsp; She finally realizes that this
is a&nbsp; part of her &quot;treatment&quot; that is not revealed to
clients.&nbsp; A bit of softening up so to speak, to impress on her the utter
futility and helplessness of her situation now that she is in their
clutches.&nbsp; 

Joy hangs in her isolated cell for more than 13 hours.&nbsp; She is sure she
has been hoodwinked by a band of unscrupulous cutthroats who have no intention
of fulfilling the contract she entered into.&nbsp; They have her money... They
will do with her as they please. Probably torture her to death and dispose of
her like a used condom.&nbsp; Then again, didn't she make this compact
voluntarily?&nbsp; Wasn't it for her to be tortured? Welcome to reality&nbsp;
bitch!

Finally after what seems to Joy an eternity, the bolt on the iron door slides
back,&nbsp; her cell door opens.&nbsp; Two attendants lower her to the floor
and remove the cuffs from wrists and ankles.&nbsp; They place her on a gurney
and strap her down.. They wheel her to a large shower room where others push
her under fierce jets of nearly scalding water. Attendants scrub and rinse her,
then dry her. A large nozzle is forced up her rectum and 3 hot soapy water
enemas, flush her out. They take her to a spotlessly clean room where she is
told to lie on one of the tables covered with white sheets and is given a
massage to make the most elaborate spa seem like a sleazy San Fran
bathhouse.&nbsp; She continually asks questions regarding her rude introduction
to what she thought would be a stimulating experience, demanding to know what
they are doing. Her only answers are that it is all part of the program. After
the massage and another cleansing shower she is instructed where she is to go
next. Her dark stockings and high heels are returned to her,&nbsp; and is told
to put them on.

Though feeling much better her arms still ache and she is not exactly a happy
camper when she is ushered into a Spartan room furnished by a desk and two
chairs.&nbsp; One chair behind the desk is occupied by Frederick.&nbsp; He
motions her to sit in the other which sits in front of the desk.

Joy immediately launches into a tirade of the terrible treatment she has been
given and demands an explanation.

Frederick is prepared for her reaction and allows her to fully vent her
outrage.&nbsp; 

&quot;Your reaction is normal my dear.&nbsp; What you have gone through is a
part of the program which is to acquaint you with our absolute control over you
and your complete vulnerability to whatever whim may strike us.&nbsp; My
statement that your are mine, body and soul, was not an idle description but a
fact.&nbsp; When I take you from here the treatment you contracted for will
begin.&nbsp; You will feel the very fires of hell and be completely at our
mercy.&nbsp; A bit of an oxymoron since we do not recognize the
term.&nbsp;&nbsp; You paid to be tortured and tortured you will be.&quot;

Joy is a bit taken aback but is eager to begin, her heart races as Frederick
comes around the desk and grabbing a handful of her flaming red hair, yanks her
to her feet.. He grips a wrist in a steely hand and drags her through a door at
the back of the room.&nbsp; They emerge in a long passageway with steel doors
on either side, exactly like the one she saw yesterday..&nbsp; The first thing
that greeted her as they passed through the door was a piercing shriek from one
of the rooms.&nbsp; Others joined in as he half led, half dragged Joy down the
passage........ He stopped before one door and opening it pushed her
inside.&nbsp; 

It was a large chamber resembling an operating theater.&nbsp; There were
semicircular rows of seats sloping downward giving a clear view of the
&quot;stage&quot;..&nbsp; Nearly every seat was occupied by a restive audience,
mostly men, but there also a goodly representation of eager female watchers.
The men were completely or partially naked. ALL were fondling themselves
enthusiastically. The women were in similar disarray, one woman, clad only in
waist cincher, stockings and heels was diligently pleasuring herself with&nbsp;
a large vinyl phallus, pinching and squeezing her nipples with her other hand.

It was a large, oval, brightly lit, bowlike space.&nbsp; There were large glass
fronted cabinets along the walls crammed with all sorts of instruments and
containers.&nbsp; A large leather covered Gyno table occupied the center of the
theater.&nbsp; On the table a magnificent blonde was tightly strapped.&nbsp;
Her mouth spread wide by&nbsp; a dental clamp. She writhed against the leather
straps holding her as a blood curdling shriek issued forth.&nbsp; A white
coated man stood next to&nbsp; her doing something so vile that Joy could
hardly comprehend&nbsp; it's barbarity.

&quot;God that must be excruciatingly heavenly!&quot;

&quot;This young lady is one of our &quot;involuntary&quot; guests.&nbsp; Very
soon you will be entertaining some of our viewing audience with your own
vocalizations.&quot;

A shiver&nbsp; went down Joy's spine as she envisioned herself being savagely
tortured as a rapt audience watched and listened. The unfortunate girl writhed
and screamed as the white garbed man increased the ferocity of what he was
doing to her large swollen tit flesh.

Joy's heart was racing as she watched and listened, a dribble of juice trickled
down the inside of her thigh, she was nearly hyperventilating in excitement.

Frederick pulled her back into the passage and hustled her further along.&nbsp;
Screaming and wails of pain came from each door as they passed.&nbsp; Finally
Frederick stopped at a door and opened it pushing Joy in ahead.&nbsp; They made
a sharp turn to the right and went down a flight of stairs and turned left.

&quot;Well Joy your time has come.&nbsp; I&quot;ll be taking you through this
door which leads into a room much like the one we just left.&nbsp; For your
sake I hope you have not changed your mind because it is too late to back
out&nbsp; Once in that room you will be subjected to the most painful and
excruciating tortures we have been able devise.&quot;

With that he opened another door and thrust her into a brightly illuminated
room.

&quot;Have a nice day.&quot;

&nbsp; Instead of looking like an operating room, this space resembled a
dungeon. 

There was not an empty seat in the gallery.&nbsp; Word had gotten around that a
very beautiful and voluptuous woman was to experience her first breast
torture.&nbsp; 

Instead of a gyno table, the center of the room was occupied by a large
&quot;T&quot;.&nbsp; It stood just 4 feet tall and was constructed of square
steel tubing welded together.&nbsp; The cross arm on top was 3 feet wide.&nbsp;
There were steel rings at intervals along the top and sides.

Issac and a husky assistant led Joy to the device.&nbsp; A steel collar, 2
inches wide was placed around her neck and locked in place, it had rings welded
at the sides, in front and back.&nbsp; They forced her back to the upright,
neck at the junction of the tubes.&nbsp; An iron &quot;U&quot; shaped loop was
run through the ring in the back of the collar and a ring on the
&quot;T&quot;.&nbsp; Her head was pressing against the crosspiece, the vertical
thrust into her back between her shoulder blades.&nbsp; Her arms were drawn out
and up and linked to rings on the crossbar.&nbsp; They weren't stretched out
tight, but when they finished it appeared she was flexing her upper arms like a
body builder.
Next came her lower legs.&nbsp; They were bent back under her and a heavy strap
passed around upper thigh and ankle.&nbsp; Her body, held to the upright by her
collar now swung free of the floor. She was decidedly uncomfortable and in just
a few moments the strain on her neck became painful.&nbsp; With arms spread and
shackled, neck held firmly to the frame, her tremendous breasts were thrust
arrogantly forward as if offering them to what or whomever was in store.

Frederick stepped in front of Joy and faced the watchers.

&quot;Ladies and gentlemen.&nbsp; We have for you today a new member of our
circle.&nbsp; You will witness her introduction to her regimen..&nbsp; Her name
is Joy and she is a very enthusiastic practitioner of our social
order.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sure you will appreciate her performance
today.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dieter, you may begin.&quot;

Dieter is a former member of the East German security forces, the Stasi.&nbsp;
His specialty was the interrogation, OK torture, of women.&nbsp; Now he is not
wringing information from helpless victims, he has free rein to employ all his
hellish talents on people who come here voluntarily.&nbsp; Well most of them
voluntarily..

He moves to Joy and reaches out cupping one of her huge breasts in his
hand.&nbsp; He is fairly salivating as he squeezes the heavy globe, his thumb
flicking it's already stiff nipple.&nbsp; He releases the breast and takes an
erect nubbin in each hand, between thumb and forefinger, pinching and twisting,
then pulling them out.

Joy gasps and thrusts her chest forward. God she is in heaven and he has just
begun.&nbsp; Dieter belabors her teats for some minutes, the nipples swollen
and red.&nbsp; Joy is keening a high wail of ecstasy as he abuses them..&nbsp; 

He goes to a small trolley close by and rolls it beside Joy. It has numerous
gleaming instruments&nbsp; and vials on the snowy white cloth covering it. He
picks up a hypodermic and selecting a vial draws a colorless liquid into
it.&nbsp; Turning to Joy he swabs her side and injects the fluid into
her.&nbsp; Joy watches as Dieter goes back to the trolley and picks up another
syringe, filling it with another liquid, this time pale green.&nbsp; Returning
to Joy he grasps her left breast, lifting it he presses the needle into the
upper slope, injecting half of the fluid.&nbsp; He then does the same to her
left breast. Joy is just a bit nervous and asks what he is injecting into
her...

&quot;The first will ensure you remain alert and conscious during our adventure
today.&nbsp; The one into your lush breasts will super sensitize them so the
pain I will be inflicting on your abundant globes will be multiplied several
times .&quot;

&quot;Oh my heavens!&nbsp; You mean it will make the pain worse?&quot;

&quot;Oh my yes. It will at least triple the pain you will feel.&quot;

&quot;Oh God!&nbsp; Hurry please!&quot;

Dieter goes to the table piled high with various toys and instruments and
returns with two plastic tubes an inch in diameter, open at one end and a one
way valve at the other.&nbsp; He squeezes a bit of gel onto the open end of one
tube and a bit more around Joy's left nipple.&nbsp; An assistant hands him the
end of a rubber hose which he connects to the valve on the tube.&nbsp; The
helper flips a switch on a vacuum pump and Dieter slips the tube over her
nipple.&nbsp; There is a, sluppp, and Joy's nipple is drawn up into the
tube.&nbsp; He repeats the procedure on her right nipple. Joy's nipples are
being drawn up into the plastic sleeve.&nbsp; She draws a sharp breath and
utters a soft &quot;ummmm&quot;&nbsp; It soon changes to &quot;Uhhhhhhhhooooooo!'
as the suction draws her already huge nipple upward in the tube.&nbsp; It takes
but a moment for her nipples to be pulled up into the tubes beyond anything she
could have imagined.&nbsp; They throb and pulse as they grow. It is soon
apparent&nbsp; that it is beginning to hurt.&nbsp; Joy moans an &quot;Oh GOD
YESSSS!&quot; as she shakes her tits back and forth.&nbsp; Her nipples have
been stretched to an incredible 2 inches and are fat as your thumb. Joy is
gasping and heaving as she pushes her mounds further out to accept the torment.

Dieter shuts off the pump and disconnects the hoses.&nbsp; The valve does it's
job and Joy's nipples throb in the tubing, clear fluid seeping from the peaks. 

&quot;Enjoying yourself my dear?&quot;

&quot;My god it's mind boggling.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm in heaven. It feels like they
will burst as they swell. Please don't stop now.&quot;

&quot;Oh I'm just beginning bitch!&quot;

Dieter picks up two long hypodermic needles, six inches long and as big around
as the lead in a pencil.&nbsp; Holding her right breast in one hand he inserts
the point of one through a special valve in the tube..&nbsp; Joy's eyes widen
in trepidation as he pushes the point further into the tube, closer and closer
to her distended nipple.&nbsp; He touches the point to the tip and wiggles it
back and forth.&nbsp; Joy flinches and writhes in her strictures.&nbsp; She can
go nowhere, she is trapped, at the mercy of a sadistic fiend whose one aim in
life is inflicting intense pain on a helplessly bound woman.&nbsp; She writhes
in fascination and fright...&nbsp; Dieter centers the point on her nipple and
presses.&nbsp;&nbsp; A tiny drop of blood oozes out then stops as the puncture
is sealed by the shaft of the needle.&nbsp; The needle is like a living thing
as&nbsp; it pierces deeper, Joy feels the searing pain as the point stabs at
each nerve ending tearing the sumptuous flesh of her breast, deeper, deeper each
millimeter an agonizing, scorching thrust further into her hyper sensitized
bud. Slowly, ever so slowly Dieter presses the needle into the grossly swollen
nipple until at least 4 inches are buried in the ultra sensitive flesh.&nbsp; 

The first scream is torn from Joy as the pain lanes through her swollen nipple.


&quot;AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; God it's divine!&nbsp;&nbsp; More!
Don't stop!&quot;

&quot;Never fear dear lady I have another needle for the other side. Then the
REAL fun will begin.&quot;

My god what can be worse.&nbsp; Dieter takes the other needle and working very
slowly impales the other nipple, wriggling the shaft, backing out a bit and
resuming skewering.&nbsp; Joy writhes and squirms, it is as if a living boring
thing eats at her flesh. Sweat breaks out on her magnificent body, it trickles
down her sides to drip to the floor.&nbsp; Joy screams in agony, shaking her
head, tears streaming down her face as she pleads for more. At last she is
experiencing what she has dreamt of for so long, unremitting, agonizing,
escalating pain.

Joy's chest heaves in and out as she gasps for air.&nbsp;&nbsp; &quot;More,
more I need more.&quot;

Dieter rolls over a console with a myriad of dials and switches.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Coils of rubber covered wire hang from the side.&nbsp; Taking two he attaches
one to her right earlobe, the other to the opposite.&nbsp; Picking up two more
he clips&nbsp; one to the long hollow needle protruding from the tube sucking
her right nipple, the other goes on it's twin.

Joy watches, looking at the machine.&nbsp;&nbsp; She is sure she knows what it
means.,.&nbsp; Oh my God he's going to use electro-torture on my nipples.&nbsp;
God how I've dreamt so many times of that very thing.

Instead of going to the console, Dieter steps to the trolley once again and
retrieves a syringe minus a needle. It is already filled with a clear amber
fluid. Returning to Joy he looks at her with a malicious leer and whispers,
&quot;A bit more stimulation for these lovely mounds before the real fun
commences.&quot;&nbsp; He snaps the syringe onto the needle in her left nipple
and presses the plunger.&nbsp; Joy feels a cool liquid begin to flow into the
swollen nipple, then,&nbsp; a piercing, searing pain as the liquid burns into
the violated appendage.&nbsp; Joy shrieks in agony as her nipple seems to
explode in pain.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR!!!!!

Dieter ignores the screams and moves the syringe to the other needle injecting
the balance of the horrendous fluid into that&nbsp; nipple.&nbsp; Her breasts
jiggle and bounce as Joy struggles against the straps holding her so immobile
and vulnerable, howling in agony. When she is able to speak she shrieks at her
torturer.&nbsp; The pain in her breasts tears at her, a lancing, scorching wave
of tremendous pain bores into the huge globes.

&quot;A special formula I make myself specifically for such purposes, I use the
distilled juice of the capsaicin pepper as the principle ingredient.&nbsp; It
will cause no permanent damage but will burn like acid as you try to cope with
the other goodies I have in store for you.&quot;

&quot;My God this is unbelievable.&nbsp; I never imagined such penetrating
searing pain was possible, her tits are on fire.&nbsp;&nbsp; Go on!&quot;

Dieter once more picks up the two wires he had put aside to inject the hellish
liquid into her beasts.

&quot;Ever had an electric shock?&quot;

&quot;Yes. I accidentally touched a bare wire one time.&quot;

&quot;Well I'm going to send much more current than that into the depths of
your tremendous tits..&nbsp; You cannot begin to imagine the pain.&nbsp; As we
proceed I will increase the voltage.&nbsp; You will experience pain beyond
comprehension..&nbsp; You'll scream, you will beg.&nbsp; It will go on until
&quot;I&quot; decide to stop..&quot;

&quot;Oh God I have dreamt of being tortured with electricity.&nbsp; Show no
mercy, I &quot;Need&quot; the pain.&quot;

Dieter turns to the console and flips a large switch.&nbsp; LED's come to life
and glow on the panel.&nbsp; Dials light, their needles swinging up.&nbsp; He
turns several knobs adjusting voltages, and amperes.&nbsp; Must be careful not
to turn that one too high or she will not be tortured but electrocuted.&nbsp;
That is not the object.&nbsp; Savage, penetrating, brain scrambling pain is the
objective not death.&nbsp; To administer towering, vicious pain, that is what
it is all about.

The watchers are to a person bent forward so as not to miss a millisecond
of&nbsp; torture.&nbsp; The men have all discarded all pretense of decorum or
modesty. The woman have arranged them selves so they may derive maximum
enjoyment from Joy's agony, baring themselves too and have their toys at
hand.&nbsp; Some of the men have relived themselves once already as Dieter
trussed and prepared Joy.&nbsp; Women are dabbing at their exposed womanhoods,
sopping up generous pools of juice.

Dieter leans over to Joy,&nbsp; and with an evil smirk on his face says,
&quot;Welcome to HELL!!!!&quot;

He flips a black switch and a red LED illuminates. 

ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!

Joy stiffens, her body ridgid,&nbsp; She quivers, her eyes bulging.&nbsp; Her
breasts swell and feel like they will burst.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!

Her body convulses and shakes, every muscle taut. The current floods through
her body, her breasts are on the verge of exploding.&nbsp; Joy is in ecstasy
.&nbsp; Never in her wildest dreams did she ever expect&nbsp; to experience
such savage torture.

The watchers are enthralled at the site of the thrashing, screaming woman being
tortured for her enjoyment, and theirs. The beautiful creature bound so tightly
in front of them shrieks in abominable agony as her breasts are barbarically
tortured.&nbsp; She convulses and shudders in the throes of the machinations of
a master of the art.&nbsp; To a person, both male and female have relieved
themselves. The men spurting copious quantities of the white gluttonous
discharge into the containers supplied.&nbsp; The woman experience multiple
orgasms as they watch the merciless torture of the willing victim.&nbsp; Many
are envious.&nbsp; The insides of their thighs and the seats beneath them are
bathed in their sexual fluids.

Dieter stops the flow of electricity into Joy's struggling body. She continues
to quiver and struggle even though the current stops.&nbsp; Her magnificent
body is bathed in torture sweat, it runs in streams down her body and pools in
puddles beneath her.&nbsp; Joy is panting and sucking air into her lungs in
great heaving gasps, her head twists back and forth as her brain tries to deal
with the towering pain.&nbsp; She is whimpering and sobbing, begging her
tormentor to continue.

&quot;That was a mere sample of what my gadget is capable of.&nbsp; I'm going
to increase the voltage now.&nbsp; That was&nbsp; 160 volts.&nbsp; I have moved
the control to administer 440 volts.&nbsp;&nbsp; What you have just experienced
will seem like the tickle of a feather.&quot;

&quot;Oh my God I thought I would explode from the last bit.&nbsp; Do it!&nbsp;
Make me scream and howl in pain!&nbsp; DO IT!!!!&quot;

Dieter turns a knob on the console, click! click! click! click!.&nbsp;&nbsp;
His hand reaches for the switch.&nbsp; Joy's eyes bug out in eagerness and yet
fear.

ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!

Joy bows out from the frame, her body shuddering.&nbsp; She strains at the
straps holding her arms spread on the cruel metal framework, the cords in her
neck standing out in sharp relief.&nbsp; The tendons in her arms am legs are
pulled taut, the muscles twitch and quiver.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!

Her screams bounce from the walls of the chamber.&nbsp; Numerous moans of
pleasure issue from watchers, great fountains of white fluid gush into the air.


Dieter flips the switch off and on giving Joy's great breasts lancing jolts of
current through her swollen tortured nipples.&nbsp; The fiend inflicting this
diabolic torment tortures her thus over the next 30 minutes. He increases the
voltage each time he stops the flow of current into her magnificent
breasts.&nbsp; She thrashes and struggles against the straps, her screams
pausing only long enough for her to gasp for air and scream again and again. 

A final 30 seconds of the searing pain and Dieter shuts the machine off&nbsp;
Joy hangs on the frame, her body quivering and trembling as her muscles
continue to twitch and convulse. Finally she just hangs, limp and gasping... 

She is left to hang on the &quot;T&quot; , her breasts heaving, the long
needles protruding from her globes, the fiery liquid injected into them
continues to burn like a hot iron.

Thus ends her first &quot;treatment&quot;.&nbsp; She has been subjected to
Dieters twisted tortures for more than 3 hours.&nbsp; Her brain is reeling as
it tries to cope with the savage pain she had to endure.&nbsp; There will be
many more sessions in which Dieter or one of the many other sadists who go
about their barbarous vocation for their benefactors will subject her to ever
more violent and painful torments.

Joy hangs on the vile device, spasms of twitching and shuddering continue for
some time.&nbsp; She has experienced her first bout with true and barbarous torture.&nbsp;


&quot;Take her to her cell, be sure she is uncomfortable.&nbsp; We will resume
her treatment tomorrow.&quot;



To Be Continued&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  1
  1
  2007-08-16T13:48:00Z
  2007-08-16T13:49:00Z
  8
  2320
  13227
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  110
  31
  15516
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






CHAPTER&nbsp;
2


While Joy had been returned to her cell, it was just for a very short time, she
was then immediately moved to the facilities infirmary where the ravages of her
adventure were cared for.&nbsp; 

In the meantime the business of the &quot;quiet ones&quot; went on.&nbsp; 

Enter Mary.&nbsp; 

Mary was at least the equal of Joy when it came to the lust for pain.&nbsp; She
had employed several Mistresses and Masters in years past to administer to her
passion for unbridled pain, but had never found one who could mete out the
intense pain she craved.&nbsp; She was a slave to receiving unrestricted abuse
and&nbsp; her ravenous need to be viciously tormented. Like all clients of the
quiet ones her lust for pain was centered in her large breasts, which indeed
they were.&nbsp; 

Mary was 40 years old, 5ft 8inches, 140lbs.&nbsp; Very well upholstered.&nbsp;
She kept herself fit and toned.&nbsp; There was not an ounce of fat on her
luxuriant body., which she kept at the peak of conditioning. She easily passed
for a vibrant woman in her very early 30's&nbsp; She was a natural platinum
blonde, her tresses falling to her shoulders.&nbsp; Her legs were magnificent
and she insisted on the highest heels and gossamer smoky stockings.&nbsp; Her
large, 42FF breasts, sat high on her chest with just the barest hint of sag. I
mean FF? How not to hang a bit.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just enough to enhance their
size.&nbsp; 

Her long held fantasy was to be hung by those tremendous globes.&nbsp; She was
told &quot;all in good time. Patience&quot;&nbsp; She would soon&nbsp; learn
there are many ways to torture a woman's breasts and she would get to experience
most if not all of them.

She had been at the facility for a few months now and had undergone several
very strenuous sessions in which they subjected her tremendous mammaries to
some extremely harsh treatment.

Mary was escorted into one of the specialty theaters,&nbsp; naked of course.
She was placed&nbsp; on one of the &quot;T&quot; crosses. Her arms&nbsp;
stretched out horizontally as far as they could be stretched&nbsp; Leather
straps, an inch wide, were wrapped about her arms, just below her shoulders,
above her elbow, and around her wrists.&nbsp; The crosspiece of the
&quot;T&quot; was hinged at its inner ends, so that they could be&nbsp; swung
to the rear, forcing her back to arch, thrusting those voluminous globes
forward. 

Her nipples seemed to always be erect and swollen.&nbsp; They were of a size
you would expect on such oversized breasts.&nbsp; Fat as a finger and at least
an inch long. They tingled in anticipation of the pain to come.&nbsp; 


The arm pieces were swung to the rear latched together.&nbsp; Further straps
went around both arms and metal, then cinched extra tight, forcing her boobs
forward even more.&nbsp; A steel band was passed around her neck and secured to
a short upright behind her head.&nbsp; 

The &quot;T&quot; was raised up on hydraulic cylinders till her feet left the
floor..&nbsp; Mary was now hanging on the &quot;T&quot; , her feet searching
for some sort of support but they were some inches above the floor.&nbsp; They
spread her legs and loosely chained them to rings in the floor. As always Mary
wore a lacy garter belt, sheer dark stockings and spike heels . She was able to
writhe her torso and legs as&nbsp; the &quot;treatment&quot; progressed.&nbsp; 

Although she was here at her request, her&nbsp; eyes still bugged out as she
struggled on the frame, spread like an insect on a&nbsp; display board, primed
for whatever was to be administered.&nbsp; What was it that filled her with
this need to be beaten and tormented in a thousand ways.&nbsp; To be subjected
to savage and barbaric tortures, yet always yearning for greater pain. 

As usual the amphitheater was filled to capacity by watchers, eagerly awaiting
the torture of this magnificent female specimen, whose greatest joy was being
subjected to the most vile tortures devised and inflicted upon her helpless
body. Fidgeting as they anticipated listening to her screams of agony as the
perpetrator inflicted barbaric tortures upon the tethered woman.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Perhaps adding to the anticipatory excitement was knowing the woman being
tortured was doing it not only voluntarily, but actually urging the torturer on
to&nbsp; ever more savage tortures.

Mary was quivering in anticipation. What would be the program this
time.&nbsp;&nbsp; God she hoped it was an escalation from last time.&nbsp; She
didn't even pass out that time.&nbsp; Obviously the person administering her
torture was not of sufficient talent. 

The door opened in the back of the theater.&nbsp; A short, round bespectacled
man, decidedly on the ugly side,dressed in a white Dr.'s coat, entered and
moved to Mary's side. Looking at his appearance it was easy to see he was not
picked for his attractiveness.&nbsp; To the contrary, as&nbsp; stated he was
downright ugly.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just the appearing type who would eagerly set about
torturing a beautiful female.&nbsp; A female such as would be repulsed by him,
and he would delight in the most vicious torments. The ugly man's
revenge.&nbsp; 

&quot;Ready Mary?&nbsp; I'm going to hurt you very much today. In fact I may
extend it into the evening if it goes well.&nbsp; You will spend several hours
writhing and screaming, begging for the pain to stop but you know it will
not.&nbsp; In fact while begging me to stop you will at the same time be begging
me to escalate the pain.&nbsp; I will happily oblige you.&nbsp; I will get a
great deal of pleasure and satisfaction torturing you and hearing you scream
for mercy.&nbsp; We both know there will be none of that. &quot;

&quot;Oh God Dr. please start. My breasts are shivering in anticipation.&nbsp;
I long for and welcome the worst you can do.&nbsp;&nbsp; Make me scream
Dr.&nbsp;&nbsp; Make my breasts shake and vibrate in pain as you torment
them.&nbsp; Please!&nbsp; Please!&nbsp; Please! Dr. hurt meee!&quot;

&quot;Your wish is my pleasure, your screams my delight. My name is Garth,and I
intend to make your day an excursion to the depths of Hell.&quot;

The Dr. strode to the wall on which hung row upon row of whips, flails, canes
and paddles. He selected a 4ft length of stainless steel radio antenna. On his
way back to Mary he paused at one of the cabinets. Sliding open a drawer he
extracted a tube of something. He lay the whip&nbsp; down and squeezed some
sort of gel from the tube onto the tips of his fingers. Standing at Mary's side
he smeared some of the gel onto her nipple and the aureole surrounding
it.&nbsp; It felt cool to the touch at first but it soon began to warm, then
sting.&nbsp; It didn't really hurt that much, it just penetrated into the nerve
endings of her nipple, stimulating it and making them more sensitive, more
stiff and swollen.

&quot;Ready Miss?&quot;

&quot;YESSSSS!!!!&nbsp; In God's name hurt meee!&quot;

The Dr. picked up the steel whip and took a stance in front of Mary.&nbsp; With
a tremendous backhanded slash, belying his size, he slashed the whip across the
inside of one thigh.

EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYAAAAA

Scarcely pausing he lashed out again, striping the other side.&nbsp;&nbsp; Back
and forth he thrashed her legs, working to her abdomen, crisscrossing her flesh
with livid welts where each blow struck.

YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!

Mary shivered and shook with each new blow&nbsp; The thin steel imbedding
itself in her soft flesh.

A keening wail issued from her mouth as she tried to speak...&nbsp; She was
screaming &quot;YYYYYYYYYYYSSSSSSSSSS!!!!&quot;

The Dr. raised his aim and lashed the whip up under the soft underside of
Mary's voluminous breasts.&nbsp; She flailed her body, her head waggling in the
steel collar holding her head to the post.&nbsp; One by one the blows crept
upwards, her globes were striped with the welts left by the monstrous metal
rod..&nbsp; 

He paused just a moment, taking careful aim. Mary's eyes bulged in terrified
but eager, welcoming anticipation.&nbsp; The thin cruel metal metal flail
whistled through the air as it descended to strike full across both her
throbbing nipples, sinking into the soft tender flesh.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary
stiffened, her head thrown back to its limit. 

NNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!

She was wailing in ecstasy as he thrashed her full mounds.&nbsp; Lashing up and
down now, concentrating on making each blow land on those magnificent globes.
Lacerating her nipples.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!

Tears streamed down Mary's face, tears of joy, as she writhed and screamed in
absolute nirvana as her breasts were savagely whipped.&nbsp; She gasped for air
as her chest heaved, her breasts vibrating with each cut of the whip...

The tormentor did his work well. Mary was a quaking and shuddering piece of
meat as she hung on the cross.&nbsp; Her eyes had rolled up and&nbsp; she
screamed in agony and ecstasy.&nbsp; Her breasts burning like fire, and still
he flagellated them.

&quot;Had enough Miss?'

Mary raised her head a bit and looking him in the face shook her head, NO..

The smirking Dr. once more went to one of the cabinets.&nbsp; He opened the
glass doors and perused a display board of various size stainless steel hose
clamps.&nbsp;&nbsp; He selected two of fairly large size.&nbsp; They had
built-in thumbscrews to adjust/tighten them.

Returning to Mary, he laid them on a table at her side, turning the screws till
they opened.&nbsp; Using both hands he lifted one of her huge breasts,now
marked with numerous angry red welts where the thin steel whip had scarified
them.&nbsp; His thumb rubbed back and forth across the swollen red
nipple.&nbsp; Mary gasped with delight..&nbsp; Holding the breast up away from
her rib cage he wrapped a clamp around the base of the globe, turning the
thumbscrew to snug it against her chest.&nbsp; He did the same to the other
generous mound.&nbsp; Releasing them both he proceeded to twist the thumbscrew
on one tit.&nbsp; As it tightened, squeezing the flesh he pulled and&nbsp;
tugged on the large mound of tit flesh making sure the band stayed tight to her
chest as the globe grew in size.&nbsp; When it was quite tight he switched to
the other side, tightening it in similar fashion.&nbsp; He then went back to
the first breast, tightening, pulling,&nbsp; tightening.&nbsp; 

Mary's breasts bulged like water balloons as more and more of her tit flesh was
drawn thru the tightening clamps.&nbsp; The tighter they became the more they
seemed to bulge ever larger.&nbsp; Each one as big as her head, the nipples
swelling to gigantic proportions.&nbsp; It was starting to really hurt&nbsp;
now and she gasped, thrusting her imprisoned bloated breasts forward further
and further for him to punish.&nbsp; 

The Dr. continued tightening the clamps and pulling and twisting the huge
mounds until the connecting flesh had been crushed to little more than an inch
in diameter. You could almost see them and the nipples pulsing with each beat
of her heart.&nbsp; They had changed color, first&nbsp; a deep blue and now
were a deep,dark purple, the entire globe shining, the skin drawn tight, her
nipples as big as his thumb.

The Dr. smiled and rubbed his hands together.&nbsp; He went to another cabinet
along the wall and opened the door at the bottom.&nbsp; He returned to stand in
front of Mary.&nbsp; 

&quot;Do you know what this is?&quot;

Mary shook her head, she was panting in anticipation, and the pain of her
constricted tits.&nbsp; He held in his hand,&nbsp; a&nbsp; piece of 1/4 inch
steel rod bent in the shape of a very large fish hook.&nbsp; The handle he held
it by was across the top at right angle forming a &quot;T&quot;.&nbsp; 

&quot;Watch he said, grinning evilly.&quot;

Going to a small bale of straw at the back of the stage area, he raised his arm
and brought the hook down in an arc, sinking the point of the hook deep into
the bale. Then he dragged the bale across the floor a couple of
feet.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&quot;They use these to drag and lift bales of straw on the farm.&quot;

Mary did not know what this demonstration was meant to mean but she knew that
it was not part of farming 101. From her viewpoint it hopefully would&nbsp;
lead pain for her. 

He lay the hook aside and reached up.&nbsp; A whir was heard and something
lowered from overhead.&nbsp; It was a rough plank, 8 inches wide, 2 inches
thick and 2 feet long suspended by cables hooked to large iron rings at the
ends.&nbsp; A most intriguing part of this plank was what&nbsp; jutted from the
front side of it.&nbsp; There were two duplicates of the iron hooks he had just
shown her..&nbsp; They were made of the same 1/4 inch steel rod formed in the
shape of large fishhooks, the straight shank being fastened to the plank and
the hooks curving out and up.&nbsp; The ends had been filed to shining points,
which glittered with reflected light from the bright lights of the theaters
illumination.

The Dr. reached up and pulled the implement down lower and over in front of
Mary. He positioned it in front of her upper body, and a&nbsp; glimmer of
realization crossed her face and for a moment terror.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

&quot;My God. You aren't going to&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;?&quot;

A malevolent smile spread across his face, as he nodded his head....

&quot;Oh YESSSSSS I AM!!!!&quot;

This was more than Mary had dared dream of in her wildest fantasies.

He moved the huge hooks close to Mary's ballooning breasts, being very careful
to center the points just below&nbsp; and under the middle of each of her throbbing
mounds. As for Mary she thrust her heaving chest forward to embrace the
menacing device. 

He took a remote control from his pocket and pressed a button.&nbsp;&nbsp; The
plank rose, the points of the hooks just touching the undersides of Mary's
bulging breasts.

Mary gave a gasp and a thrilling sigh of expectancy, tears of rapture coursing
down her cheeks.&nbsp; 

&quot;For Gods sake DO IT!&nbsp; Lift them!&nbsp; Force those infernal points
into my flesh!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; YESSS, DO IT!!!!&quot;

&quot;As you command my lady!&quot;

A button was touched and the motor whirred as the cables tightened.&nbsp; The
tips of the points pressed into Mary's tingling tit flesh.&nbsp; They
penetrated easily, sinking into hard compressed muscle.&nbsp; Nerve ends
screamed in violation.&nbsp; So did Mary.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!

The devilish instrument stopped with an inch or so of the steel imbedded in
Mary's bulging, swollen tits.&nbsp; Her body shook and vibrated as searing pain
lanced through her tortured flesh, her screams filling the room.

The savage lashing by the steel whip had been exhilarating to the
watchers.&nbsp; This sent every one of them, male and female alike, tumbling
over the edge.&nbsp; Gouts of male semen were sent splattering into the
receptacles provided, or to the floor in cases where they were aroused to the
extent they were unable to point their members properly, because they were
shaking so with excitement as they manipulated themselves.&nbsp;&nbsp; Women
squealed and keened in orgasmic nirvana, squirting their own fluids onto the
cushions of their reclining chairs or the basins provided.

&quot;DO IT you bastard!&nbsp; Raise me higher!&nbsp;&nbsp; Tear my
tits.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; More!&nbsp;&nbsp; I need more! &quot;

The Dr. pushed the button again, the implacable steel points dug deeper into
Mary's breasts, tearing muscle, violating nerve endings, sending their message
of excruciating pain to her brain.&nbsp; The points of the terrible device
burst through the upper surface of her bulging mammary flesh, blood spurting
around the shafts to run down over the tortured globes.

&quot;YESSSSSS!!&nbsp;&nbsp; YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!&quot;

Mary continued moaning and screaming her ecstasy as she hung, shuddering on the
barbarous hooks through her breasts.

Mary was allowed to hang and scream in her heavenly agony for over and hour
before she was finally lowered and taken away to the infirmary.

She had remained fully conscious and alert during the entire barbaric torture..

As they trundled her off on the hospital gurney she turned her face to the Dr.
and smiled.

&quot;Thank you Dr. Thank you.&nbsp; I have dreamt of such monstrous torture
for years.&nbsp; You have made my fervent desires come to fruition.&nbsp; Thank
you!&quot;



To Be Continued......................................







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Von Schmiser


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





