BDSM Library - Subway




Subway
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Helen was new to the States, and this was not the welcome she had expected







SUBWAY

 
  Mel
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  14
  2007-08-05T23:31:00Z
  2007-08-05T23:31:00Z
  6
  2368
  13501
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  112
  31
  15838
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  false
  
  
  0 pt
  0 pt
  0
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  0 pt
  0 pt
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";}


 

 
  
 






SUBWAY

&nbsp;

The
subway is a daunting place at any time of the day. The cold harsh lighting
provided by overhead lamps, half of which have been vandalised
and no longer work, forming pools of dark shadows inï¿½ several areas.The
once white walls now a dirty cream, much of that covered with graffiti and
aerosol paint.

&nbsp;

The
trains themselves, once new and immaculate, now the playground of vandals and
subway gangs, the seats badly cut, and more graffiti bear evidence to the
inability of the City to cope.

&nbsp;

But if
it was a daunting place during the day, it was horrendous at night.The crowds long gone, and the footsteps of the lone
passengers the only thing stopping the subway feeling like a ghost town. The
eerie silence punctuated only by the occasional passing train, stopping and
departing as if they did not want to spend much time in the station either.

&nbsp;

Around
the station, groups of youths with nowhere better to go hang around 'marking'
their turf with even more graffiti, the excess paint running down the forsaken
walls.

&nbsp;

Helen
was new to all this, having only been in America for three weeks. True, the
underground in her native London was no picture painting, but in comparison to
this, it was a dream. She still had no car of her own, so Helen had to rely on
the subway system to get to and from work, hence here presence there at this
time of night.

&nbsp;

The
gangs, laughing and shouting in the distance, made her more uncomfortable, and
she wished her train would hurry up and arrive.

&nbsp;

The
voices drew closer, and the gang appeared at the far end of the platform. Helen
drew herself into one of the pools of darkness, against a pillar, in an effort
to remain invisible until her train arrived.

&nbsp;

It
was, of course, a futile effort, as she heard one of the gang whistle at her.
But they made no effort to come over to where she stood, trying to get deeper
into the shadows.

&nbsp;

It was
another five minutes before Helen's train arrived, with Helen looking furtively
up the platform to make sure the gang did not come over to her, ready to make a
run for it if they did.

&nbsp;

When
the train stopped she got on it quickly, relieved to be amongst other
passengers, the anxiety and paranoia fading as she began to feel safer. The
journey time was twenty minutes, and by the time she reached her stop Helen had
let the gang slip from her mind. Her own station was still well lit, and she
had no fears here.

&nbsp;

From
the station to where Helen lived was only fifteen minutes, along a route she
was beginning to know well. Her mind was on the dinner invite one of her so-workers
had given her for Friday, a guy she had spotted straight away, and sort of
fancied. She had not given him an answer, not wanting to appear too eager, but
she had already decided that she would say yes. Then suddenly, out of the
darkness, the gang appeared in front of her.They had
obviously known where she was going, and with their better knowledge of the
city, had been able to get in front of her.

&nbsp;

Helen
stopped, and started to retreat, but another of the gang was behind her, and as
Helen saw a flash of bright metal in the moonlight, a knife appeared at her
throat. With little more than a whisper, the knifeman told her to move, pushing
her forwards, and towards the other gang members. One of them grabbed her
purse, and took out Helen's identity.

&nbsp;

&quot;Helen
Sharp. 1064 Bakers Street. let's go&quot;

&nbsp;

The
gang started to chant her name, as they ushered her towards her home. She
wanted to scream out for help, but the knife was still at her neck, and she had
heard so much about the gangs here, that she did not want to cause them to hurt
her. If she said nothing, they would probably take her stereo, and a few other
things, and leave her alone.

&nbsp;

Helen's
home, supplied by the company, was well furnished. They had supplied her with a
large screen T.V., a great stereo, and velvet three piece. The kitchen was
large enough to have been the lounge, and had all state of the art equipment.

&nbsp;

But it
was the bedroom that Helen had always loved best. The ensuite
bathroom led though a sliding glass door to the bedroom itself. White and gold
fitments lined the walls, with a huge floor to ceiling mirror filling the whole
of one wall. But her pride and joy was the bed.

&nbsp;

It was
a four poster bed, with a white velvet overhang that kept the morning sun from
her eyes, allowing her the time to awaken slowly. She had not had a bad night's
sleep in this bed yet, and always looked forwards to sleeping in it, sometimes
deliberately putting it off until she could no longer resist it's pulling
power, smiling as she lay on it, allowing it to bring sleep to her.

&nbsp;

The
gang had thrown Helen onto the sofa in the lounge, as they searched her home. A
voice called some of the gang to the bedroom, and she could hear them talking
in low tones. She had made an effort to get up, but the knife man was ever present,
and stopped her.

&nbsp;

One of
the other youths came out of the bedroom, and whispered to the knifemen. He
then pulled Helen to her feet, and pushed. Inside the bedroom the bead had been
stripped of it's bedding, leaving just the bare mattress. Someone had tied her
stocking to each of the four posts, and Helen immediately realised
what was going to happen. She tried to turn and leave, but the man with the
knife pressed it harder against her throat, and stopped her from going.

&nbsp;

Two of
the gang stood in front of her, and began to undo the buttons of Helen's
blouse. She put her hands up to stop them, but a sudden pain in her stomach, as
one of the men hit her, took her breath away, and she dropped to her knees on
the floor.

&nbsp;

Ignoring
her cries and gasping for breath, the men pulled her back to her feet, and
continued to undress her, her blouse first, leaving her breasts covered only by
the thin bra she wore.

&nbsp;

The
hands now moved to her waist, and seconds later her skirt lay at her feet,
leaving her standing in her underwear, which hid very little.

&nbsp;

The
two who had undressed Helen now pulled her to the bed, closely persued by the man with the knife, and sat her on the side
of the bed. One of them pulled her left arm towards the corner, as another man
tied the stocking around her wrist, pulling hard at it to make sure it would
not come undone.

&nbsp;

She
was then pushed backwards onto the bed, and her other arm was stretched to
reach the other head post, and tied, which forced her arms wide on the big bed.

&nbsp;

She
tried to pull at her wrists, but the position made it impossible, and as the
first of her legs was tied, she just hoped that the gang would not do anything
else to her. Seconds later her other leg was tied, and again the size of the
bed meant that he legs were stretched wide.

&nbsp;

Another
member of the gang, who had been searching Helen's cupboards came over with a
piece of cloth, which Helen recognised as a pair of
her panties, and forcing her mouth open, stuffed them in, gagging the girl, and
holding it in place with yet another of her own stockings. Helen realised, now, that she cold not do anything to protect
herself, and the tears, until now held back, began to flow freely.

&nbsp;

For a
while it still looked as if the gang were just going to rob the house, as they
left Helen tied to the bed, and continued to search. She could hear drawers in
the lounge opening and closing, and gang members saying that they would get a
good price for this haul. Helen sighed a sigh of relief. All of these things
would be covered by the companies insurance.

&nbsp;

After
a while the doors and drawers stopped opening and closing, and the gang
members, now all six of them, returned to where Helen was lying, her arms and
legs beginning to ache with the way they had been stretched. The bed was never
intended for this treatment, and was actually a king size. But the men had
pulled her limbs as far as they could to the corners, and she could feel the
pressure on the joints of her limbs.

&nbsp;

Two of
the men now held knives, and Helen started again to fear for her safety, as
they approached the bed. As they leaned over her she shook her head, and
screamed for them to leave her alone. But the gag made it impossible for her to
scream anything, and all that came out was a faint groan.

&nbsp;

The
men placed the knives at each side of her rib cage, and flicked. Helen
screamed, thinking that they had cut her, but the sudden release of her breasts
told her that it was her bra that had been the victim, as they had each cut
through one side. A few seconds later, and the knives had done their work on
the straps, and one of the men was able to pull the waste material away from
her body, leaving the whole of her 38c tits on display.

&nbsp;

Helen's
knickers came off the same way, and soon she was lying completely naked before
the gang, her limbs aching more and more, feeling as if they were being pulled
from her body. One of the gang then placed his hand on one of Helen's tits, and
began to play with the globe of flesh, circling it with his palm, catching her
nipple occasionally. He noticed that her nipple had stared to harden, and moved
his fingers to flick at it, watching Helen squirm as he did so.

&nbsp;

Moving
his hand away, he replaced it with his mouth, sucking at the full tit as best
he could, before resuming his attack on her nipple, sucking it deep into his
mouth, catching it with his teeth, and nipping at it.

&nbsp;

Another
member of the gang joined in, placing his mouth on Helen's other nipple, and
she could feel both sets of teeth pulling at her rapidly hardening nipples,
feeling them grow more tender as the attack continued.

&nbsp;

Helen
felt pressure on the bed, and saw the 'Leader of the gang climbing up between
her legs, kneeling on the mattress. Seconds later his head was between her
thighs, and his tongue flicked out at her pussy, striking the lips with a
flick, and sending an involuntary spasm through her, She wanted them to stop,
but as the three fold assault continued, she felt her self getting aroused, She
hoped that they would not notice, but it was a forlorn hope, as the leader
lifted his head, and told his members that Helen was a hot whore, and wanting
to get it on.

&nbsp;

The
two men biting her nipples did not let up, as the leader changed position, so
that he now knelt directly between her thighs, his hard cock aimed at her
rapidly dampening pussy lips. He leaned forwards, and Helen could feel the
first touch of his cock, as he guided it to her sex, forcing just the head
inside her.

&nbsp;

Helen
again tried to scream, but it was silenced by the gag, as the leader started to
push his cock deeper. Unable to move, Helen could only cry as the cock pressed
deeper and deeper into her, the other two men now biting hard on her nipples,
making them even more sore and tender. Then the leader gave a deep thrust,
sending the whole of his cock into the helpless girl, his balls slapping
against her inner thighs.

&nbsp;

He
could feel Helen trying to struggle from under him, but the bonds held her
tight, and escape was impossible, as he began to pump his cock in and out of
her, trying to get deeper than ever with every lunge. He could see the tears
running from the victims eyes, but made no effort to stop, or even slow down,
as he rode the helpless girl, ramming himself harder with every thrust, sure
that she would have bruises by morning.

&nbsp;

Another
of the gang moved over to the bed, and climbed up next to Helen's head. He
began to unfasten the gag, and knelt against her ace, his cock touching her
cheek. Helen moved her head away, but the man pulled it back, smiling as Helen
resisted his attempts to get his cock into her mouth. Just then one of the men
biting her nipple bit harder, sinking his teeth deep into her flesh. Helen
opened her mouth to scream, but the man kneeling by her head took advantage of
this, and provided his own gag, silencing the scream with his cock, as he rammed
it to the back of her throat.

&nbsp;

The
attack was now four pronged, and Helen's body began to react, her pussy growing
increasingly wetter, as the leaders cock glided in and out. She tried to push
the cock out of her mouth with her tongue, but the owner of it took this as
acceptance of what he was doing, and rammed deeper into her throat, making
Helen cough and choke on it.

&nbsp;

Just
then the leader gave a scream, and with one last lunge, rammed his cock as deep
as he could get it. Instantly, Helen felt the release of his cum deep inside
her, bringing fresh tears to her eyes. As he pulled outï¿½ she could feel his cum dripping out of her,
and running down the divide between her legs, and down across the lips to her
ass. The leader noticed this, and allowed his fingers to play in the river of
cum, spreading it around the tight opening of her ass, and forcing a finger
inside, feeling the heat.

&nbsp;

Helen
tried again to scream at this invasion, but the cock in her mouth proved an
effective gag, as the finger pressed deeper, moving in circles, stretching the
opening as it did so.

&nbsp;

&quot;Bob&quot;,
called the leader to another member of the gang. &quot;Got a present her for
you, A nice tight virgin ass.&quot;

&nbsp;

Helen
heard someone whistle in delight, and as the leader moved off the bed, another
man took his place between her legs. He already had his trousers off, and from
the corner of her eye, Helen caught sight of his cock. Again she tried to
scream. The cock was huge, and she knew that if he got that any where near her
ass, it would rip her open. But Bob took no notice of the fear in her eyes, as
he positioned himself.

&nbsp;

Bob
made no effort to use the leaders cum to moisten his target, simply choosing
the rough approach. He placed the head of his cock against the forbidden
doorway, and pressed. The head of his cock entered, and Helen screamed as the
red hot pain shot through her body. Even the cock in her mouth could not
silence this scream, as Bob started to press himself inside the dry cavern.

&nbsp;

As he
went deeper, the hole felt drier, and tighter, and Helen felt the pain more and
more, screaming time and time again as the invasion continued. Suddenly there
was an eruption in her mouth, as the man fucking her throat shot his cum deep
down her throat, forcing her to swallow, even as she screamed. She began to
choke on the hot fluid, but he kept his cock in until she had swallowed as much
as she could, as Bob began to fuck her ass harder and harder.

&nbsp;

Suddenly,
and without warning, Helen own body exploded in orgasm. She had not expected
it, and the eruption shook the whole of her body with it's intensity. Never
before had she had an orgasm of this magnitude, and her juices flooded out, and
splashed onto the cock driving into her ass, lubricating it.

&nbsp;

Bobs
response was to drive deeper, now aided by Helen's own juices, until he felt
his balls slamming against the cheeks of her ass. The screaming had stopped,
and Helen felt her hips rising to meet the onslaught. She tried to stop
herself, but her body refused to obey her will, as she met Bob stroke for stroke.
Bob gave a loud grunt, and Helen could feel his cock twitching inside her,
knowing he was on the verge of cumming. Her response
was to lift her hips even higher to met him, as he gave a moan, and she felt
the hot white cum flooding into her ass.

&nbsp;

Again,
Helen felt her own climax rising, and almost at the same time as Bob, her pussy
again exploded. She ignored the fact that one of the men who had been biting
her nipple was now leaning at the side of her head, and as he moved towards
her, Helen willingly opened her mouth to admit it, drawing it deep into her
mouth, sucking at it as if she never wanted it to leave.

&nbsp;

As Bob
moved away, the other nipple biter moved between her legs, and in seconds his
cock was deep in Helen's pussy, as he began to ride the poor girl.

&nbsp;

In a
haze, Helen thought she heard someone talking on the phone, and it took a few
moments to realise that it was the leader, calling
the rest of the gang, telling them to come around, as they had a hot pussy for
them, ready to pull a train.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Excalibur


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





