BDSM Library - Going To The Dogs in Suburbia




Going To The Dogs in Suburbia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: High-school girl takes ownership of her cousin.







My Cousin's Pet or Going to the Dogs in Suburbia

 
  Mary Griggs
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1939
  2007-08-13T00:29:00Z
  2007-08-13T00:29:00Z
  68
  20600
  117423
  Pacific Training and Resources
  978
  275
  137748
  12.00
 




 
  Clean
  Clean
  false
  
  0
  0
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times","serif";
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";}


 

 
  
 






Going
to the Dogs in Suburbia

&nbsp;

Categories:
Ff, Non-consent/reluctance, humiliation

&nbsp;

Disclaimer:
The following is a work of fiction. It portrays two young women in a human-dog
/ owner relationship. This story is not real and should not be used as anything
but fuel for fantasies. The author in no way, form, or fashion condones the
sexual abuse of minors. Consent is an essential
element for any sex act and, while this story depicts otherwise, it is just a
story. If you are too young or too stupid to understand the difference between
fantasy and reality, you certainly shouldn't be reading this tale. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Going to the Dogs In Suburbia

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
One

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&quot;But
Mom,&quot; Jennifer whined. &quot;I want a dog for my birthday!&quot; She
stamped her foot and tossed her shoulder length red hair out of her flashing
green eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
know I'm allergic to dogs.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;If
you wanted to, you could find a way to deal.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
I'm supposed to take drugs every day for the rest of my life so you can have a
dog that you'll grow tired of in a few weeks?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
I wouldn't.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer,
you say that now but I've seen your track record with other fads.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This
isn't a fad.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It
doesn't matter. Our lifestyles aren't conducive to owning a dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We
could change, if you wanted to.&quot; Jennifer glared down the table at me.
&quot;I bet if she wasn't here, you'd get me a dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

There
was bitterness in the way she'd spoken of me. I'm her cousin and I only
recently was compelled to move into their home. My parents, who were never
around much anyway, died in a plane accident and my mother�s sister got custody
of me.

&nbsp;

For
the past six months, I'd tried to be friendly with my cousin. She was beautiful
and popular and I wished to be just like her. To my very bad fortune, Jennifer
twisted every effort I made to be friends until it looked like I was trying to
make her an enemy. 

&nbsp;

Lately,
she'd been doing everything she could to get me into trouble. She broke things
and blamed me or tracked mud into the house and hid the shoes in my room.
Anyone could see that they wouldn't fit me but no one listened.� I was learning that it was safest to keep my
head down and my mouth closed.

&nbsp;

My
Aunt, Elizabeth Sampass, was a single parent. The breakup with her ex-husband
had been bitter and messy. I could remember my parents discussing some of the
elements in whispers when they thought I wasn�t listening. Something about it
seemed to embarrass them. 

&nbsp;

Ever
since the divorce, she had been struggling to keep her daughter and now me in
the middle class. &quot;Well, it has been a lot of work taking on another
child,&quot; she sighed. 

&nbsp;

&quot;And
that's why I should suffer?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
can hardly call not getting a pet suffering.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't ask you for much.� She stamped her foot. �You aren't listening to
me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
really don't want to discuss this.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
never want to talk about anything anymore.&quot; Jennifer's beautiful eyes
filled with tears. &quot;First, you make Daddy leave and now you won't even
give me what I want for my birthday.&quot; She pouted and I could see her Mom
weakening.

&nbsp;

I will
be the first to admit that Jennifer knew how to use her looks to her advantage.
Her hair was a deep auburn and her green eyes were offset by her creamy
complexion.� She belonged to the most
popular clique at high school. Her precious position was doubly endangered by
my arrival in the family.� 

&nbsp;

We
wore uniforms to school but it was important that the hair and accessories of
her group be updated regularly. With me in the house, there was less spending
money and fewer trips to the mall.

&nbsp;

I was
also what could most charitably be called a geek. I was a year younger than my
cousin but I was in several of her classes because of the scores on my
placement tests. Students older than me surrounded me and I knew that it
embarrassed her that my orbit even peripherally touched hers.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
not going to get into an argument with you about your Father or anything else.
I'm tired and I want to enjoy this glass of wine in peace.&quot; Elizabeth
spoke with finality.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
tightened her mouth and I knew that we hadn't heard the last of her birthday
wish. There was still a month to go until her nineteenth birthday and I could
see the wheels turning as she planned on how best to get her way.

&nbsp;

The
path she chose was unrelenting nagging. She kept on about a dog for two solid
weeks. I was busy with exams, as the school year was almost over, but I don't
know how my Aunt stood it. Every day, she woke up to, ate to and tried to work
to the constant refrain about wanting a dog.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
never seemed to tire. I had not known my cousin very well for very long but
even I could see that she put more commitment into this campaign than her
studies or anything else. She was creative in bringing up how great a pet would
be into every conversation. Even now, I'm amazed at how a simple directive to
load the dishwasher can lead to a fifteen minute discussion about how clean dog
mouths were.

&nbsp;

Strangely,
I began to notice my Aunt studying me while I sat at the table doing my
homework or when I was watching TV. She never said anything but it made me feel
weird.

&nbsp;

On
Tuesday, I was sitting in my physics class when the teacher called my name and
told me to go to the office to meet my Aunt. I wondered why she was pulling me
out of school early but I didn't ask any questions. I just grabbed up my
backpack and followed the teacher's aide to the office.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
along now. We've got a couple of appointments set up,&quot; Elizabeth said to
me before turning and walking out the door.

&nbsp;

In the
car, she waited until I'd buckled my seatbelt before putting the car into gear.
Gripping the steering wheel tightly, she said, &quot;Karen, what I'm about to
do may not seem fair to you but I'm at the end of my tether. I just can't take
her going at me anymore.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
didn't understand what she meant and she didn't say anything else. We drove to
a side of town that I'd never been to before. The streets were dirty and there
was graffiti on the walls of the buildings. She pulled up in front of
storefront with bars on all the windows. I didn't get a chance to look around
as she hurried me into the store.

&nbsp;

The
walls were covered with brightly colored pictures and different styles of
letters. There were cartoon characters, snakes, skulls and lots of pictures of
nude women. I got a strange feeling in my stomach and looked away. I saw my
Aunt at the counter and I moved closer to her.

&nbsp;

&quot;We
have an appointment with Mr. Bruce.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Mr.
Bruce?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
I spoke to him earlier.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You talkin' about Bruiser?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
suppose. Does he handle the appointments?&quot;

&nbsp;

The
bearded man scratched his belly and laughed. I could see that several teeth
were missing when his mouth opened. The rest were a shiny metal. &quot;You're a
real piece of work.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank
you. Now, we're on a tight schedule...&quot;

&nbsp;

He
glanced over his shoulder, through a doorway. &quot;Hey,
Bruiser. There's something out here that you've got to see to
believe.&quot;

&nbsp;

A
mountain of a man came through the door. His arms were almost black from the
numerous tattoos he had up and down them. Through his torn shirt, I could the
see the outline of several more on his chest. For a moment, he just stood there
blinking at us.

&nbsp;

&quot;Mr.
Bruiser?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Just
Bruiser, lady.&quot;
He looked at me. &quot;This the one?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes.
Can you do it now? We have someone else we need to see today.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
come on back.&quot; He led the way to a strange chair that looked a little like
a dentist's chair. Patting the seat bottom, he told me to climb up.

&nbsp;

I
looked at my Aunt and she nodded sharply. &quot;Do what he says.&quot;

&nbsp;

Bruiser
sat down on a stool and rolled over to where I was perched. &quot;Take off your
shirt and lay back.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Obey
him, Karen. We're on a deadline.&quot;

&nbsp;

Slowly,
I took off my shirt and hunched my shoulders. I was pretty self-conscious that
my breasts hadn't developed yet but neither of them were
really looking at me.

&nbsp;

The
man asked my Aunt. &quot;Both?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What're
you putting in?&quot;

&nbsp;

She
opened her purse and handed him a small, velvet box. He dropped the contents
into a pan and I could hear a couple of splashes. Pulling on a pair of gloves,
he leaned towards me. Without warning, he grabbed a hold of my nipple.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
go,&quot; I said, batting at his hands.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to hold her down or should I restrain her?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;If
she knows what's good for her, she'll sit very still.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
glared at me and I lowered my hands. The man reached out again and I flinched
backwards.

&nbsp;

&quot;Karen,
I'm serious. You just sit still and this will be over very soon.&quot; My Aunt
spoke sternly before coming over and holding my shoulders down. &quot;Go
ahead.&quot;

&nbsp;

He
took a swab and rubbed a cold liquid over my entire breast. He reached over and
picked up a clamp that he pushed the tip of nipple in. Turning a screw, he
secured it to my tender flesh. 

&nbsp;

I
wanted to scream. My eyes were tearing and I wanted to push him away but he had
a strong grip on my nipple and I could feel my Aunt's nails digging into my
shoulders. In a practiced move, he plunged in a needle, removed it and inserted
a shiny, silver ring.� I started to bring
my hands up but one look at my Aunt and I kept them gripping the armrests.
Bruiser rolled his stool to other side of the chair and repeated his moves. 

&nbsp;

Only
after a bandage had been put on my nipples did she let go of my shoulders. I
was dizzy and a little afraid that I was going to throw up and so I didn't
really pay attention to my Aunt paying for the piercings and leading me out of
the store.

&nbsp;

We
were on the road again before I could speak. &quot;That really hurt,&quot; I
said, accusingly.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sorry, sweetheart, but it is the way it has to be.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;The
way what has to be? Why are you doing this to me?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't have time to get into it with you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No.
Now, we've got two more stops and I want you to be very good at both of these.
If you are, there'll be a treat in it for you.&quot;

&nbsp;

We
stopped at a large warehouse that smelled strongly of animals. I saw through
one of the doors a lot of piles of fur and leather. My Aunt talked softly to a
very skinny Asian man. He nodded several times before coming over and telling
me to strip.

&nbsp;

I
looked at my Aunt but she only crossed her arms at me. I took off my clothes
and stood there while he took a lot of measurements. He measured me everywhere
and I only had to take one look at my Aunt to know that I had to let him do it.
When he was through, he went over and entered the numbers into a computer.
Tapping my clothes that were piled on the floor with her toe, my Aunt indicated
for me to dress. After a brief discussion, she wrote the man a check and we
left to drive to a vet's office.

&nbsp;

The
lights were off but she rang the after hours bell and a woman dressed all in
white came to the door and let us inside. I was taken into an examination room
and, once again, made to take off all my clothes. She did everything that the
nurse at the doctor's office did the last time I had a visit, except she took
my temperature by putting the thermometer into my butt instead of my
mouth.� Telling me to 'stay,' they left
me alone in the room until a doctor entered. 

&nbsp;

He
didn't talk to me. He just drew some blood and gave me a shot. Patting me on
the head, he walked out to speak with my Aunt. Finally, she returned and told
me to dress. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
going on?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Not
now, Karen.&quot; Elizabeth didn't say anything else to me until we pulled into
the drive through at McDonalds.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will understand what happened soon. Until then, I don't want you speak of
anything we did.&quot; She waited until I nodded and then asked, &quot;What
would you like for supper?&quot;

&nbsp;

We
took the order home and I spent an uncomfortable evening trying not to rub my
aching chest. For the next several nights, after I got ready for bed, I had to
go into my Aunt's room. She would disinfect and rotate the rings in my nipples.
She made me stand there, naked with my hands behind my back, clasping the
opposite elbow. When she was done, she would dry my tears and tell me that I
was a good girl.

&nbsp;

After
they were adorned with rings, I was really aware of my breasts. My nipples
would rub against my uniform shirt and I would feel a throbbing between my
legs. All I wanted to do was rub my legs together. It felt good but bad at the
same time. 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Two

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

School
had been out for summer break for three days and I was just starting to get
used to sleeping late in the morning when my Aunt came into my room and woke me
up. The sun wasn't even up and I rubbed my eyes as she pulled the sheets back.

&nbsp;

&quot;Get
up, Karen.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot;

�

&quot;Quickly,
now,&quot; she said. &quot;I want everything in place for when she wakes
up.&quot;

&nbsp;

It was
then I remembered that it was Jennifer's birthday today. I sat up and tried to
make my way to the bathroom.

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
we don't have time for that.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;But
I have to go.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You'll
have to hold it.&quot; Elizabeth had me take off my nightshirt and panties and
get down on all fours. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Why?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know that I didn't really explain what was going on last week,&quot; she
explained.� 

&nbsp;

&quot;No
duh,&quot; I muttered.

&nbsp;

Ignoring
me, she announced, &quot;I've decided that you will become Jennifer's new
dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
got to be joking,&quot; I exclaimed. I looked into her serious face. &quot;Right? You're joking?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
I'm not.&quot; She dropped a bag beside me and crouched beside me. &quot;I have
to have peace in my house and, frankly, this is the optimum solution.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Not
for me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Karen,
I know you don't understand all of what's going on but, trust me when I say
this is for the best.&quot; While she was speaking to me, she was emptying the
bag. 

&nbsp;

I
pleaded, &quot;You can't do this.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
I can. When your parents died, at great personal cost, I took responsibility for
you.&quot; She ran a hand through her hair. &quot;While you live under this
roof, you have to accept my rules and my decisions.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But
a dog!&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;If
you know what's good for you, you will obey.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Aunt
Elizabeth, please. Don't do this.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
swatted my bare butt. &quot;No more human talk, missy. From this moment on,
you're a dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But
I'm...&quot;

&nbsp;

She
smacked me harder. &quot;I mean it. Speak again and I'll whip you.&quot; 

&nbsp;

I shut
up while she forced my hands into a set of odd mittens. My fingers were folded
into a fist and she locked them on with small luggage locks. She put a black
leather collar around my neck and locked it, too. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer
will have full control over you as you will be her pet. If you take well to
training, I'm sure that she'll treat you nicely.&quot; As she spoke, she folded
up my legs and tied them into a strange sleeve that had a pad at my knee. Using
both hands, she pulled until she had strapped my calves to my thighs and locked
the buckle. 

&nbsp;

When
she finished with both legs she took two tags and threaded them together on one
of the rings at my nipple. She took all the keys to the locks and attached them
to the ring in my other nipple.�
Attaching a leash, she led me to the floor length mirror behind the
door.

&nbsp;

&quot;There's
a good dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
stared at myself in shock. I hardly recognized the image in the mirror.� On my hands and knees, wearing a collar, with
rings in my nipples, I looked bizarre. She jerked the leash slightly and I met
her eyes in the mirror. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
expect you to adapt quickly to your new identity. You're a smart girl and,
soon, you'll realize the path of obedience is the easiest.&quot; She opened the
door and pulled me out of the room. Being choked by the leash, I had little
choice but to follow as she led me down the hall to Jennifer's room. 

&nbsp;

I had
a little trouble adjusting to walking on my hands and knees. The sound of the
merrily tinkling tags and keys was embarrassing but the extra weight almost
felt good pulling on my nipples. I was a bit surprised to feel a strange
wetness when my legs rubbed together. When I'd touched myself at night, I'd
never gotten so damp before.

&nbsp;

The
lights were off in Jennifer's room. From the light in the hall, I could see
that there was a large, round dog's bed in one corner. It hadn't been there the
last time I'd been in her room.

&nbsp;

My
Aunt pulled me over and made me turn around on the bed until I faced
Jennifer's.� She unclipped the leash and
folded it before putting it in my mouth. Picking up a chain off the floor, she
attached it to the collar. I saw that it led to a bolt on the baseboard. She
whispered, &quot;Stay,&quot; and walked out of the room, closing the door
behind her.

&nbsp;

It was
dark again and I was uncomfortable on my hands and knees but I was scared of
what would happen if I moved. I was also worried about what was going to happen
to me when Jennifer woke up. She'd been mean to me when I was just her cousin.
Now that I was her dog, I didn't know how she'd treat me.

&nbsp;

For a
long time, I just listened to her deep breathing. After what seemed like hours,
Jennifer mumbled in her sleep and rolled over to face my direction. She opened
her eyes and saw me across the room. Her gaze sharpened and she swung her legs
out of the bed. &quot;What the fuck?&quot;

&nbsp;

She
stalked over to me. &quot;What the hell are you doing, Karen. You know you're
not allowed in my room.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
couldn't bring myself to look her in the eyes and kept my head down.

&nbsp;

&quot;Why
are you wearing that weird stuff?&quot; She knelt down and tugged on the chain
connecting me to the wall. &quot;Who chained you up here?&quot;

&nbsp;

Afraid
of what would happen if I spoke, I didn't make a sound.

&nbsp;

&quot;Why
aren't you saying anything?&quot; Jennifer shook the chain harder.

&nbsp;

I
moved when she pulled and the keys and tags on the rings made a noise. She
snapped on her bedside table lamp and stared at me in the bright light.

&nbsp;

Reaching
over, she took the tags in her hand, running her fingers over my nipple as she
read. &quot;My name is Karen. I belong to Jennifer Sampass. Call 202-555-9861.
Reward if found.&quot; She tugged slightly and I came close to moaning.
&quot;This is so cool. You're mine,&quot; she giggled. She flipped up to read
the other tag and gasped. &quot;You got a rabies vaccination?&quot; She
laughed. 

&nbsp;

Now I
knew what the shot in the veterinarian's office was. I didn't have too long to
think about it as she pulled the leash from my mouth and clipped it to my
collar and led me to the bathroom. I really had to go but she wasn't in there
for me. She sat on the toilet and held my leash loosely in her hand. She stared
down at me as her pee tinkled into the bowl.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
my dog, right?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
nodded and then choked back a cry as she jerked the leash, harshly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
dogs bark twice for yes and once for no.&quot; 

&nbsp;

I felt
sheepish but I barked twice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Excellent.
Dogs lick, too.&quot; She pointed at her feet. &quot;Go ahead, doggy. Lick my
toes.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
glanced down at her feet. While they were still fresh from her most recent
pedicure, I just couldn't. I shook my head. She snatched up a hairbrush and
pulling me over her leg, she proceeded to spank me. The wooden brush hurt a lot
but I couldn't move away from the blows.

&nbsp;

When
she finally pushed me away, I was crying. She wiggled her toes.
&quot;Well?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
leaned down and stuck out my tongue. Her feet tasted slightly acrid. She
reached down and stroked my head. &quot;I can't believe that I've got the high
and mighty Karen on her knees licking my feet. I just wish those teachers who
thought you were a pet then could see you now.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
wiped herself and dragged me down the hall to her mother's room.� She burst in and bounded onto the bed.
Elizabeth was putting the finishing touches on her makeup and smiled at her
daughter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Happy
birthday.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
can't believe it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
darling, I thought this was the best way to make your birthday wish come
true.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
the best present, ever. Thank you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
this isn't just a game. She's your responsibility. You have to take care of
her.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
do you mean?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
have to train her to obey your commands.&quot; At Jennifer's look, she said,
&quot;You know: sit, stay, come, heel.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;How
do I do that?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
bought a couple of books and a video. They're downstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
else?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
also have to make sure that she's house broken.&quot;� She looked down at me. &quot;If I don't miss
my guess, she needs to go outside now.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
tugged slightly on the leash. I looked up at her curious eyes. &quot;Do you
have to pee?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
began to nod when I saw her frown. Remembering her earlier instructions, I
barked twice.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girl.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
need to figure out a way for her to tell you. Maybe whining or scratching at
the door or something.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
didn't even think about that.&quot; She scratched her head and looked at her
mom. &quot;Where do I take her?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Outside,
of course.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
grinned. &quot;Around the block?&quot; she said, nastily.

&nbsp;

&quot;For
now, just walk her in the back yard. We'll work up to going around in public
later.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
led me downstairs and out the sliding glass door to the patio. I could feel the
cold of the stones through the pads on my hands and knees. She unhooked the
leash and nudged me out onto the grass. I took a couple of steps and looked
back at her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go
over by the tree and turn around to look at me. When I give you permission, you
can go.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
grass was wet against my bare skin. I moved where she directed me and turned
around. The morning sunshine caught her red hair and she looked like a goddess
of fire.� I had a hard time meeting her
eyes but when I did, she smirked. It took a real effort to release my bladder.
When I finally did, I felt a wave of shame as the urine splashed on my legs.

&nbsp;

Coming
back to the patio, I saw that Jennifer had uncoiled the hose. &quot;Until you
learn to do that a little neater, we'll have to work a shower into your
routine.&quot; She sprayed between my legs and the cold water made me shiver.
&quot;Gives you incentive to learn quickly, huh?&quot; she laughed.

&nbsp;

I was
led back in after Jennifer had hosed and dried me off. My Aunt was in the kitchen,
drinking a mug of coffee. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was cool. Can I show her off to everyone tonight?&quot;

&nbsp;

I had
totally forgotten about the sleep over that was scheduled to take place
tonight. All of her friends were coming to our house to celebrate. My heart
pounded as I waited for my Aunt's reply.

&nbsp;

&quot;Not
this time.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Why
not?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Because
she's not trained.&quot;
At Jennifer's crestfallen look, she explained. &quot;Look, if she didn't obey
you and embarrassed you in front of your friends, you'd want to punish her,
right?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
yes.&quot; Jennifer scowled and then her face cleared. &quot;I can punish
her?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Of
course, that's the best way to train her. Punishment and
reward.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This
is so sweet.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;As
I was saying.
It wouldn't be fair to punish her for not behaving appropriately if she doesn't
know any better.&quot; I sighed in relief. &quot;However, if, in a month or so,
she acts out and embarrasses you in front of your friends, she would deserve
the punishment.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;So,
I'll be able to show her off later?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Certainly.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Bonus! Hey, what are we going to do
with her during the party and overnight?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
was she going to be doing before?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
didn't care as long as no-one saw her.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
I did buy a cage for when we had to leave her alone in the house. We could put
it in the basement and keep her down there while your friends are here.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;That
sounds terrific.&quot;

&nbsp;

Aunt
Elizabeth looked a little concerned. &quot;We'll have to put paper down, as she
might have an accident after spending all that time alone. You'll have to take
her outside right before and go down and let her out right after everyone
leaves in the morning.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No
problem.&quot; She beamed at me and I felt my stomach drop. Just then it
rumbled and I blushed.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
reminds me.&quot; My Aunt pointed at two metal bowls on the floor. &quot;Make
sure that her water bowl stays full. I saw by the earlier dampness between her
thighs when you came into the bedroom that she'll be in danger of
dehydrating.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
she was like that before I hosed her down.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
how some people are. They are aroused when their submissive nature is
discovered.&quot; My Aunt smiled. &quot;I would remember that when coming up
with rewards for her good behavior. You can use her own desires to speed up her
training.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Awesome.&quot;


&nbsp;

The
look in her eyes was scaring me.� 

&nbsp;

Jennifer
tapped the empty bowl with her foot. &quot;What do we feed her?&quot; she
asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;There's
a case of cans in the pantry. I got an assortment to try.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Ha,
she's going to eat dog food.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Jennifer,
she is a dog. The sooner you start to think of her that way, the sooner she'll
accept her role.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
timer rang to indicate that breakfast was ready. The two of them sat down at
the table and began to eat. Not having any choice, I sat down at Jennifer's
feet and stared up at them.

&nbsp;

&quot;She
shouldn't beg at the table.&quot; Elizabeth glared disapprovingly at me.
&quot;I don't want to see her while I'm eating.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Where
should she be?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She
can be under the table or she can be made to lie down on the floor beside
you.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
made her choice obvious as she tugged me underneath by the leash. In fact, I
welcomed moving into the darkness. The morning had been filled with changes and
I needed a moment to come to terms. I couldn't believe that they really
intended to keep me as a dog. I looked at the four knees around me: Jennifer's
still bare and her mother's covered in hose. It seemed impossible that, just
last night, I was eating dinner up there with them.

&nbsp;

I
could hear them talking above me but I tuned them out as I tried to reconcile
the warm feelings in my breasts and between my legs with the shame of being
treated as less than human. I wondered how long they'd make me do this; surely
they didn't expect me to be a dog forever.

&nbsp;

My
attention was brought back to my cousin, now my owner, when she shook the
leash.

&nbsp;

&quot;Can
I feed her from the table?&quot; she asked.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
suppose that table scraps wouldn't hurt as long as she takes it from your
fingers. I understand that hand feeding is an essential part of the bonding
process between pet and owner.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
watched Jennifer's hand appear under the tablecloth. She held a piece of pastry
between her fingers. I was hungry, so I leaned forward and tried to take it
with my teeth. 

&nbsp;

She
kicked me and said, &quot;Don't you bite me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Confused,
I tried to use my lips and tongue to work it loose. She finally let me get it
from her. I swallowed the small piece and saw that her hand was still under the
table. She shook her fingers and I moved back toward her. I knew what she
wanted. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out.

&nbsp;

From
above, I heard my cousin laugh. &quot;This is so sweet. She's licking my
fingers off.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Good.
I'm glad for her sake that she's a fast learner. Why don't you open a can for
her now?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;All
right,&quot; she answered. Pushing back from the table, Jennifer pulled me out
and over to the pantry. She looked at the various cans and finally decided on a
chunky beef. The brown mess made a glopping noise as it hit the bowl. The smell
was horrible and I glanced up into Jennifer's face. I found no sympathy there.

&nbsp;

&quot;Get
at it, puppy.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
lowered my face and tentatively took a piece in my mouth. It didn't taste as
bad as it smelled but it wasn't good. The greasy texture felt funny as it
coated my tongue. It got easier after the first bite went down. I continued
until the bowl was empty.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
shook her head when I swallowed the last bite and tried to back away from the
bowl.

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh,
uh. You're
not done yet. Clean it all. You're not going to waste anything we give
you.&quot; 

&nbsp;

When I
finished licking the bowl, I eagerly attempted to drink from the water bowl. I
made a mess and didn't get much water in my mouth when I first stuck my face in
the bowl. Drinking without using my hands was really hard. I finally ended up
leaning across the bowl in order to get any water. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Looks
like the training will have to include on how to drink,&quot; said Jennifer.
&quot;She's making a mess.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Give
her a chance. Remember, this is new to her.&quot; Elizabeth picked up her purse
walked into the living room. 

&nbsp;

Having
no choice, I followed my owner on my hands and knees.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
I'll let the two of you get settled. If you run into trouble, there is a bag in
her old room with some supplies that might make her more amenable to
training.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
yeah?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes.
Check it out after you've read through the books.&quot; Elizabeth kissed
Jennifer's cheek. &quot;Happy birthday, dear. I'm glad
you like your present.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
more than like it, Mom. I love it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Aunt
Elizabeth smiled at me. &quot;Be smart and this transition will be easy on
you.&quot; Then, she reached down and flicked the metal hanging from my nipple
ring. &quot;Jennifer, dear, you might want to find a different place to keep
the keys to her restraints. It's a little cruel to keep them so close when she
can't get her paws on them.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay,
Mom.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
be home around 5 o'clock. When do you expect your friends to get here?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Between
six and seven.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Call
me if you decide that you need me to pick up anything else.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
will. Have a good day at work.&quot;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Three

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

For a
moment after the door closed behind her, we stood there like statues. I felt my
heart beat increase as I realized I was totally at my cousin's mercy for the
next eight hours.

&nbsp;

Clearing
my throat, I said, &quot;Jennifer, let me go.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Excuse
me?&quot;

&nbsp;

�I
don�t want to do this.�

&nbsp;

�Are
you actually talking to me?�

&nbsp;

&quot;You
don't want to do this.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
are so not speaking for me.&quot; She grinned. �I don�t think I�ve ever wanted
anything more.� 

&nbsp;

�I
don�t want to be a dog.�

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't really care what you want or don't want. It's all about what I
want.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Please.
Let me go and I won't tell anyone.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
not just talking to me but you're threatening me?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;This
isn't right and you know it,&quot; I pleaded with her. I watched her eyes get
cold and hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;It
looks like Mom was wrong about you being smart. You don't know when to keep
your mouth shut.&quot; Tightening her hold on the leash, she pulled my face
close to hers. &quot;Get this straight: you're a dog and I'm your owner. I
decide what's right and wrong.&quot; She grinned evilly. &quot;Believe me,
anything that feels this good has got to be right.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
whined, &quot;Please, don't...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Shut
up. I don't want to hear you speaking to me. Dogs don't talk and I won't
hesitate to punish you mercilessly if you do it again.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Jen...&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It
looks like we'll have to see what Mom left for me to use on you.&quot;� She dragged me upstairs and into my old room.
I was shocked to see that the bed was stripped to the bare mattress. The bag
Aunt Elizabeth had used earlier was sitting in the middle of my old bed.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
dropped the end of the leash over the post at the footboard and began to
rummage through the bag. Pulling out a rubber ball with straps, she dangled it
in front of me. &quot;Now, see? This is just the thing to keep stupid little
dogs quiet.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
put the thing against my lips and pressed. It smelled like rubber and I didn't
want it in my mouth. When I wouldn't open on her command, she pulled my head
around to face her. Digging her fingers into the side of my jaw, she forced me
to open up and accept the gag.

&nbsp;

Securing
it around my head, she pulled on my hair. &quot;I think you need a new
hairdo.&quot; Leaving me there, Jennifer left the room. On her return, she
brushed my hair into two pigtails on the side of my head.

&nbsp;

She
pulled out her camera phone and took several pictures of me. I was mortified. A
leash led from my collar to the bed, keeping me from moving away. I was on my
hands and knees, I had a rubber ball in my mouth and my hair must have looked
ridiculous.

&nbsp;

She
punched a couple of buttons and the cell phone on my nightstand rang. She
picked it up and played with it for a moment. &quot;Boy, I could have so much
fun sending these pictures out to all your friends.&quot;

&nbsp;

Frantically,
I shook my head. I tried to rise up and ended up falling back on my bent legs
with my arms in the air.

&nbsp;

&quot;How
cute.
You're trying to beg.&quot; She made me tuck my elbows down and let my wrists
go limp. Then, she had me move my knees wider apart. &quot;There, that's how I want you be when I say 'beg.' Understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
nodded and looked wide-eyed at the phone still in her hand.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
you don't want these pictures sent out to everyone in your phone book then,
you'll just have to remember who's the boss.&quot; She
put both of the phones down on the bed and went back to looking through the
bag. Removing several chains, she jingled them in her hand before dropping them
back inside. &quot;I can't wait to find out what these are for,&quot; she said.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ooh,&quot;
she said and swished something through the air.

&nbsp;

I felt
a rolling in my belly when I saw the little whip in her hand. She flicked it
again in the air and the ends popped. I dropped out of the begging position
backed away from her. The leash pulled tight and stopped my escape.

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh,
uh.&quot;
She snapped her fingers and pointed at the floor near her feet. &quot;Get back
over here.&quot;

&nbsp;

My
eyes firmly fixed on the whip; I obeyed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,
girl.&quot;
Patting my head, she smiled. &quot;You don't run from me. Ever.
The punishment will be ten times worse when I catch you.&quot; She tugged on my
hair until I looked up into her eyes. &quot;And I will catch you.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
swallowed nervously at the serious tone.

&nbsp;

&quot;Remember
how you're feeling now. Do you really ever want to feel this on your
skin?&quot; I quickly shook my head negatively and attempted to bark once
through the gag. &quot;Good. I'll reserve this for when your actions require
harsh discipline.&quot;

&nbsp;

Nodding,
I blinked quickly to clear the tears from eyes. I felt grateful that she wasn't
going to use it on me now.

&nbsp;

She
continued to pet my head as she reached onto the bed and pulled off what looked
like a ping-pong paddle. �This is perfect,� she said.

&nbsp;

I
looked quizzically at her.

&nbsp;

&quot;This
is what I'll use for corrections when I don't want to use my hand.&quot; She
put her hand on the back of my neck and pushed my face down onto the carpet.
Without another word, she hit me with the paddle.

&nbsp;

Instinctively,
I jerked up.

&nbsp;

&quot;Get
back into position or the penalty is going to be taken out of your ass.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
lowered back down and held my breath. Her fingers played in the short hairs on
the back of my neck. &quot;Relax and it won't hurt as bad.&quot;

&nbsp;

Giving
me a moment to loosen tight muscles, she asked, &quot;Ready?&quot; 

&nbsp;

I
nodded my head, scratching my forehead against the carpet.

&nbsp;

She
proceeded to swat me five more times. Holding my head down, she used her other
hand to rub over my butt. Her cool touch soothed the hot skin.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was just because I could. I'm now going to spank you twenty times for you
daring to speak to me downstairs, attempting to threaten me, and failing to act
like a proper dog. I want you to think after each one that all actions have
their consequences.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
squirming and tears were pouring down my face by the time the last blow fell on
my tender flesh. She dropped the paddle and began stroking my back and butt.

&nbsp;

&quot;Shh,
shh. You'll
be all right. Everything will be okay. Just be obedient and I won't have to
hurt you anymore.&quot;� I quieted down
with her talking softly and touching me.

&nbsp;

She
lifted up my head and stared into my eyes. I was so happy that she wasn't
hitting me anymore and she must have read it in my eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think that I need to teach you how to thank me.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
nodded my head. I would do anything keep her from spanking me again.

&nbsp;

She
sat on the floor with her back against the bed frame. Pulling my leash free,
Jennifer pulled me between her opened legs. I got a whiff of her distinctly
feminine aroma.

&nbsp;

�I�m
going to take your gag off now. You will only make the noises a dog would make,
understood?� 

&nbsp;

Nodding
my head, I leaned forward to make it easier for her.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
reached behind my head and removed my gag. My jaw was stiff from being held
open and I slowly opened and closed it. She laughed. &quot;Don't worry. You'll
soon get an opportunity to work out all the kinks.&quot;

&nbsp;

I sat
in front of her, waiting for her to tell me what to do. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
your owner and you are going to learn how to give me pleasure. You can also use
these skills to thank me for being merciful and taking care of you.&quot;� She patted the inside of her thigh. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want you to lean forward and kiss me lightly on both upper legs. You'll then
stay in that position and breathe in my essence. You should feel grateful that
I'm allowing you the privilege of touching me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Following
her directions, I was almost laying down between her long legs. Breathing so
deeply that my head started to spin, I continued to listen to her directions.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
may now ease forward. Remember that you should never rush when you are afforded
the opportunity to worship me. You should now rub your face between my legs. I
want you to cover your face with my juices. Don't open your mouth yet.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
obeyed. I lost myself in the texture of cotton under my lips. Gradually, the
material dampened. As I nuzzled her panty-covered crotch, I realized that I had
begun panting.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
pushed my head back and I whined. &quot;Good, girl.
I'm glad to see that you're getting into this. You may now use your mouth to
remove my underwear.&quot; She put her hand under my chin. &quot;Don't you even
think of biting me or tearing them.&quot;

&nbsp;

Vigorously
nodding my head, I pushed myself back to her crotch. Covering my teeth with my
lips, I worked her panties down her thighs. Wiggling backwards, I drew them
down her smooth legs. When I successfully pulled them off, I sat up with them
in my mouth, grinning at her with my prize between my teeth.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
good. Now
work your way back up and, again, not opening your mouth, worship me.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
found it easy to put my back into the task. My cheeks, my nose and even my
eyebrows were soon coated. In my eagerness, I couldn't help myself from kissing
her.

&nbsp;

Stroking
my head, she said, &quot;Ooh, I like the way you think. Go ahead. You may also
use your tongue.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tentatively,
I touched her with my tongue. The fluid was salty and delicious. I lapped it up
but she kept making more. I focused on the source, pushing my tongue in as far
as would go into the tight channel.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
yeah, baby. That's it.&quot;

&nbsp;

My
nose was pressed tightly against her lower lips. Her hips moved, rubbing more
of her juice on me. I was surrounded by the smell and taste of her and I loved
it.

&nbsp;

I felt
her fingers tighten in my hair as she directed my actions. Up and down, I moved
in counterpoint to the motion of her body. I heard her moan above me and I felt
proud that I was able to make her feel good.

&nbsp;

I
began to concentrate my attention on a place that was hard under my tongue. I
could tell by the reaction of her body every time that I flicked it that she
was enjoying what I was doing.

&nbsp;

With a
groan, her legs tightened around my head. Her fingers gripped my ears and her
entire body shook.

&nbsp;

&quot;Whoa,&quot;
she said. Jennifer pulled my head up and placed it down on her tummy. We lay
together while both of our heartbeats slowed. I could hardly believe how
excited I got after licking her.

&nbsp;

She
purred softly, &quot;That was very nice. I'll have to have you do that a
lot.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
rubbed my cheek against the red, wiry hairs and squeezed my legs together. It
felt pretty good. Suddenly, I felt her heel tapping my bruised buttocks. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Move
your legs apart, Karen.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
looked up her in entreaty. I was so close.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
your owner and I'll decide when and if you get off. Now, open your legs.&quot;

&nbsp;

Complying,
I sighed. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,
girl.&quot;

&nbsp;

We
stayed together for a few more minutes before she tapped the top of my head.
&quot;Up.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
struggled to my hands and knees. She took my leash and led me back downstairs.
Going into the living room, she walked over to the couch and pointed to the
floor.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
sat down with the books, while I knelt at her feet. For the next couple of
hours she read from each of them. She would look up occasionally at me and
grin. I shifted nervously but otherwise stayed still. I didn�t want to give her
any reason to use what she was learning.

&nbsp;

Eventually,
she tossed the last book onto the coffee table. Staring at me, she said,
&quot;Okay, everyone seems to agree that the first thing that the owner has to
do is make sure that the dog knows who is the boss. I
think I started that upstairs when I punished you and I kept you from
coming.&quot;

&nbsp;

I must
have looked confused because she reached down and patted my cheek.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
no longer get to do what you want to do. That's my job. I decide when you eat,
sleep, go outside, and whether you will ever get to climax. Now, I can be a
harsh owner but I'll also be a fair one. You can earn rewards through your good
behavior.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
shouldn't expect to come just because I did.&quot; She reached her foot out and
bounced the top of it between my legs. I moaned in reaction. &quot;In fact, I
think I like you needy.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
pulled her leg back and tucked it underneath her. &quot;We'll work on proper
positions first. You already know beg.&quot; She watched me for a moment and
then raised one eyebrow.� I quickly got
into the required position.

&nbsp;

&quot;Excellent.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
dropped back on my hands. 

&nbsp;

&quot;The
first position is sit. Put your forelegs in front of your opened thighs. Move
your back legs farther apart. Good job.&quot; She stood up and came over to me.
Using her nails, she gently scratched all over my back and then into my hair. I
shivered in pleasure.

&nbsp;

&quot;This
will be your default position. If we're walking and I stop, you sit. If I'm
sitting down, you sit beside or in front of me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
the down position is going to be a little harder. I want you to lay on your belly with your paws beside your head. Put your
forehead on the ground until you hear me snap my fingers. Then, you can look up
at me. When I snap again, you can get out of the position.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
I tell you to go lay down, you can get into any position that is
comfortable.&quot;

&nbsp;

We ran
through all the positions several times before she was satisfied with my
performance. &quot;Good job, doggy. I've worked up quite an appetite.&quot;

&nbsp;

At
lunch, she fed me bites of her turkey sandwich while I knelt at her feet. After
she cleaned up the kitchen, we went upstairs. Jennifer began to clean her room.
Occasionally, she would throw something for me to fetch it and bring it back to
her. She threw a pencil, her wallet, and her tampon case.

&nbsp;

I went
after every one of the things she had thrown and brought them back to her in my
mouth. Finally, she threw something purple. I went into the corner and found
that it was a pair of her dirty panties. Gingerly, I picked them up and brought
them back.

&nbsp;

Patting
me on the top of the head, she pointed at the dog bed. &quot;Why don't you take
them over to your bed and lick them clean?&quot;

&nbsp;

I knew
that her suggestion wasn't really something that I could refuse. It was hard to
find a comfortable position on the cushion. I ended up on my side, sort of
holding the panties between my gloved hands. I stared at them a moment, trying
to reconcile my urge to taste my owner again against how nasty it was to lick
her worn and crusty underwear.

&nbsp;

I
brought them to my face and sniffed them. My mouth watered and I quickly lost
myself in my task. I was surprised when she sat down beside me. I let her take
the damp cloth from me.

&nbsp;

&quot;Boy,
you're really into this aren't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

Looking
at her in shock, I wanted to say that she'd told me to do it but I wasn't
willing to risk another spanking. She smiled and raised an eyebrow.

&nbsp;

I
dropped my eyes and barked. In one short day, I'd gone from being normal human
to being a dog and now, I was salivating from cleaning her worn panties with my
tongue.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
thought so. Mom had the right idea. You need someone to control you or who
knows what nasty things you'd be doing next.&quot; Jennifer told me, seriously.
&quot;In fact, I think I'll drop my panties on your bed everyday when I'm
through with them. Anytime you're up here, you can go ahead and satisfy your
beastly cravings.&quot; While she was speaking, she was stroking me.

&nbsp;

Starting
at my head, she ran her soft hands over my skin. She came closer and closer to
my nipples but kept skipping over the hard points. When I whined, she lifted
one hand to my mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;Open.&quot;


&nbsp;

Obeying,
I let her stick two fingers in my mouth. She ran them over my teeth and pinched
my tongue. &quot;One of the author's wrote that it's important to for pets to
be tolerant of being handled and examined.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Telling
me to close my mouth.
I did so, holding her fingers in my mouth.

&nbsp;

&quot;Suck.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

I
concentrated on the sensation of her fingers in my mouth. Her other hand was
busy and she continued to stroke my face, neck and upper body. I was wiggling
on the bed when she pulled away.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
will let me touch you anywhere, anytime. As your training continues, I'll want
you to let other people touch you. Do you understand?&quot;

&nbsp;

Scared
about the whole issue of other people touching me, I barked twice.

&nbsp;

Walking
over to the bed, she pulled off her t-shirt. &quot;Come here,&quot; she called
to me.

&nbsp;

She
had to help me up onto her bed. Lying down on her back, she crossed her arms
behind her head. &quot;Dogs learn about their packs with their mouths. Now, I
want you to give me a tongue bath, head to toe.&quot;

&nbsp;

Giggling
when I tickled her ear, Jennifer occasionally offered suggestions for me to
improve. I swirled my tongue all over her skin, marveling at the different
textures across the tapestry of her body. The way her silky hair underneath her
arms was unlike the light down at her belly or the longer hairs on the tops of
her toes. The bottoms of her feet were dirty but that didn't stop me from
sucking her toes into my mouth.

&nbsp;

She
rolled over and told me to work my way back up.�
When I got to her butt, she told me to work my face into her ass.
&quot;Go on, you dirty doggy. You know you want to. All dogs love to stick
their noses and tongues into peoples butts.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
didn't really like the taste but I obeyed my owner. After a while, she purred
that I could continue with the rest of her. When I got up to her neck, Jennifer
rolled over again.

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
time to thank me again.&quot;

&nbsp;

Eagerly,
I got between her legs and lay down. Her scent was heavenly and I was happy to
wear her perfume on my face.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
was soon moaning. &quot;Good, doggy. Good, doggy. Right
there. Oh, yes.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
moved my tongue faster as her hips bucked. When she shuddered, I gentled my touch
and kept licking until I had cleaned her up.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was very nice. I especially like that you tidied up after yourself. In fact, I
think it deserves a reward.&quot;

&nbsp;

Stacking
the pillows behind her, she pushed herself back and bent one of her legs.� &quot;Beg,&quot; she commanded.

&nbsp;

I did
so, although my balance was precarious on the soft mattress.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good.
Now, move forward a little bit.&quot; She directed me to move until her shin
was pressed against my throbbing mound.�
&quot;You may bring yourself off.&quot;

&nbsp;

Starting
to hump her leg, I had to bring my front legs down to stay in place. Jennifer
grinned and nodded. &quot;You can hold on with your forepaws.&quot;

&nbsp;

In no
time at all, I was panting. It felt so good and so strange to press myself to
her smoothly shaven leg. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to come?&quot; she asked me.

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and she beamed. &quot;Good, girl. I'm
glad you remembered.&quot; She reached up and hooked her index fingers in my
nipple rings. Flexing her fingers, she added just a touch of pressure. I
couldn't believe how I could feel the sensation all the way down to my center.

&nbsp;

Moaning,
I moved faster.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
it. That's my girl. Come for me, Karen. Come now.&quot;

&nbsp;

My
muscles tightened and it was like my head exploded. Before, I would sometimes
touch myself in the dark. This was nothing like that. 

&nbsp;

She
released my nipple rings and pumped her leg. &quot;I hope you enjoyed
that.&quot; I nodded, enthusiastically.�
&quot;Now, clean up after yourself.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
scooted back and licked my juices off her leg. I tasted different from her and
I didn't like the taste.� She just laughed
at the look on my face.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yet
another way that I'm so much better than you. You're just a nasty dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

Nodding
my head, I finished cleaning her off. She helped me off the bed and told me to
go back to my cushion. Clipping my collar to the chain that led to the wall,
she climbed back into her bed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Nap
time, puppy.
When I wake up later, it'll be time for Mom to come home.&quot;

&nbsp;

For
the longest while, I couldn't sleep. I just kept flashing on what I'd done
today and how my body felt after my orgasm. What they were doing to me might be
wrong but I was starting to feel good about it.

&nbsp;

I must
have been sleeping pretty soundly because Jennifer was tugging on my newly
attached leash to get me up.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
on, puppy. Time to go downstairs.&quot; She led me
back outside and told me to do my business. 

&nbsp;

It was
really embarrassing to go poop in the yard, especially when I looked up to see
Jennifer watching me and smiling. When I came over afterwards, she took a
washcloth and cleaned me up.

&nbsp;

I
liked her touching me and I moved against her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
it. Wag your tail.&quot;

&nbsp;

Following
her order, I shook my butt. She responded by tickling me. I was squirming and
giggling when Elizabeth stepped out onto the patio.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
it seems that the two of you have really gotten into your roles.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
Mom. It's
been great.&quot; Jennifer patted me one last time and stood up.� &quot;I can't thank you enough for this
birthday present.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Only
the best for my daughter.&quot;
She hugged Jennifer. &quot;You're the light of my life and I don't want you to
ever go without. Sometimes it's just hard now that we're on our own.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
understand. Really, I do.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
love you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
love you, too.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay,
enough of the mushy stuff,&quot; Elizabeth said with a smile. &quot;We need to
secure her for the night and get ready for your guests.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Did
you get a cake?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Of
course. One
devil's food cake is on the counter.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Great.&quot;


&nbsp;

Talking
about the plans for the evening, they led me inside and down the steep stairs
to the basement. I thought I was going to fall but Jennifer went down slowly
enough for me to make it safely.

&nbsp;

Near
the laundry area, there was a shiny steel cage. It was a little taller than me
on my hands and knees but not much longer than my body.� Elizabeth lifted it up and Jennifer put a
layer of newspaper down. Opening the door, she tossed in a beach towel.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
should do it. We need to prepare her.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;By
doing what?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Her
legs should be restraint free at night.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay.
I want to know how those things go on anyway.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
and her mother worked together to take off the bonds holding my legs together.
My lower legs were asleep and I couldn't move them at all. They then pushed and
pulled me into the cage. I whimpered when the pins and needles sensation
started in my legs.

&nbsp;

&quot;Is
she going to have to sleep down here every night?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know you want to have her sleep upstairs with you but until she can be trusted,
I would continue to crate her at night.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
about the things on her hands, I mean paws?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;They
can stay on. We wouldn't want her to get any ideas about getting loose.&quot;� Elizabeth clicked the padlock shut on the
cage door and handed over the key. &quot;She'll be all right until tomorrow. We
should get upstairs. Did you want me to go ahead and order the pizza or wait
for a while?&quot;

&nbsp;

Without
any other acknowledgement of me, they turned and went upstairs. When they
reached the top, Jennifer flicked off the light, leaving me in near total
darkness.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Four

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I had
a hard time getting comfortable. The cage was not big enough for me to stretch
out and the bars were painful to lie down upon. I attempted to rub the feeling
back in my legs, but the mittens on my hands had hard bottoms and hurt.

&nbsp;

For a
long time, I lay in the dark and cried. It got harder to bear once I began to
hear the sounds of laughter and music from upstairs. I didn't want to be alone
but I was really scared that one of her friends would decide to come downstairs
for something.

&nbsp;

It was
late and I really had to go to the bathroom. I had really had to go for hours
but I couldn't wait anymore. Tugging on the towel, I was able to move it out of
the way enough for me to pee in one of the corners.

&nbsp;

Curling
back down, I felt like crying. The smell of pee in my nose and the cold, hard
cage beneath me made me really feel like just a dog.� It was a long time before I could fall
asleep.

&nbsp;

I woke
up early the next morning. It was still dark downstairs so I didn't really know
what time it was. I was sore and very, very cold. I also had to pee again.

&nbsp;

Listening
intently, I could hear the guests gathering up their stuff and saying their
goodbyes. It was getting harder and harder for me to keep from releasing my
bladder as I waited for my owner to come and get me.

&nbsp;

When I
heard the door upstairs open, I got up and shifted back and forth. Jennifer
smiled when she saw me. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Look
who's excited to see me.&quot;� She
unlocked the padlock and opened the door. 

&nbsp;

I
tried to push out but she stopped with me with a hand on my forehead. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No.
Stay.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
stepped back and picked up the leash. &quot;Okay. You need to learn to come
when called.&quot; She patted her thigh. &quot;Come here.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
climbed out. For a moment, I thought about getting to my feet. But I knew when
I tried to move that I was way too stiff to be a match for my older cousin.
Shuffling up to her, I lifted my head to let her attach the leash to my collar.

&nbsp;

I
tried to move toward the stairs but she pulled me back.

&nbsp;

&quot;Where
do you think you're going? You're not dressed, yet.&quot; Dangling from her
hand was the sleeves that secured my legs.

&nbsp;

Whining,
I stood still while she fumbled with the restraints. I was close to peeing on
her when she finally finished and led me up the steep stairs and outside.� 

&nbsp;

It
felt so good to release. Watching her with my eyes half closed in pleasure, I
marveled at the heat of sun on my bare back and cool grass under my belly. 

&nbsp;

She
cleaned me off and we went back inside. Elizabeth had made pancakes and they
sat down. Automatically, I got under the table and sat down in front of my
owner.

&nbsp;

I
watched as her knees opened. Thinking of the fun we'd had yesterday, I eased
forward between her legs. From my position, I could feel the warmth of her
wonderful pussy. I couldn't help myself and I started to thank her.

&nbsp;

Kissing
each thigh, I pressed my closed mouth and nose further and further until her
legs opened wide as a reward. My prize revealed I sucked on her fleshy labia. Undulating my tongue, I worked my way into her core. 

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
going on?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Huh?&quot;

&nbsp;

Elizabeth
slapped her hand down on the table. &quot;I asked what was going on? She's licking you, isn't she?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Uh,
y-yes.&quot;
Jennifer was having a hard time speaking as I lapped up her juices.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't know how you think you were raised but it wasn't to have sex at the
table.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She
started it.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
go into the other room and finish up.&quot; Elizabeth picked up her plate.
&quot;I'll just put this into the oven to stay warm.&quot;

&nbsp;

In a
daze, Jennifer pushed back from the table and led me into the living room. She
lay back on the couch and patted her thigh. &quot;Come and finish what you
started.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
obeyed with alacrity.

&nbsp;

After
she climaxed, her mother came in and saw how excited I was. &quot;It's great
that the act of bringing you off puts her into heat.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
she's just dripping.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
the animal in her. She just can't help herself.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
told me to turn around and face her mother. I did so and saw that Elizabeth was
sitting in the armchair, with her legs crossed. She watched her daughter and me
with an amused smile. 

&nbsp;

After
a moment, I was ordered to &quot;Lay down.&quot; I
went into the position and then was told to shift myself backwards. I obeyed
and then felt her wiggle her foot between my restrained legs. I opened my legs
to allow her access and was rewarded with the touch of her toes on my hot
button.

&nbsp;

She
started to flick her toe against me. Every few seconds she would tap against my
clit, sending a pulse of pleasure through me. I was already copiously damp from
pleasuring her and I quickly began to feel a tingling all over my body. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Does
that feel good?&quot; she asked.

&nbsp;

I
nodded and then winced as the gentle touch of her toes turned into a kick.

&nbsp;

&quot;Answer
me properly.&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, my face burned with a blush. I was on my belly, being felt up by my
cousin's feet. It was embarrassing how good what she was doing me made me feel.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
thought so. You like this, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked again, my hips bucking against the carpet.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
only you could see yourself now, writhing at my feet or rather on my
feet.&quot; Jennifer laughed. &quot;We've just released the animal that was
always inside you.&quot; 

&nbsp;

She
continued to touch and tease me. Every time I got close, her toes would
retreat.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to come, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
just a little doggy slut, aren't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You'd
do anything for an orgasm, right?&quot;

&nbsp;

Eagerly,
I barked my affirmative to everything she said.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
let you come in a little bit.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
whined and wiggled futilely.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want you to open up for your Owner.&quot;

&nbsp;

Moving
my legs further apart, I was confused when she laughed. &quot;That's a start,
although that's not what I meant.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
stroked me with her toes. As my breathing quickened, I felt her other foot
pressing into my vagina.

&nbsp;

I
tensed up. It took several moments of her attention on my clitoris before I
relaxed enough for her other foot to make entry. She didn't get very far, as
her foot was wider than my entrance. She persevered and found that the barrier
to my sex was still intact.

&nbsp;

&quot;Squeeze
on my foot.&quot;

&nbsp;

Not
exactly knowing what I was doing, I tried. When I gripped those internal
muscles, I got closer to orgasm. She kept her top foot still and quickened the
motions of the one against my clit. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Does
that feel good, puppy? Are you ready to come?&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I panted eagerly. The brush of the carpet against my hard nipples was
wonderful. Feeling like I was climbing a mountain, I rocked against the touch
of my owner. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
for me, my doggy slut. Come now.&quot; 

&nbsp;

I
began yipping and barking as my pleasure overtook me. After I climaxed, she
removed her feet.

&nbsp;

Snapping
her fingers, I looked up, right into her mother's eyes. She was staring at me
in fascination and I blushed. At this rate, I would spend my entire life red as
a tomato.

&nbsp;

&quot;If
I hadn't seen if with my own eyes, I never would have believed it. She actually
fucked your foot.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
told you she was nasty.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
dropped my eyes and concentrated on getting my breathing under control. I
really couldn't bear it. I only did what they made me do. I didn't mean to
enjoy it, it just happened. 

&nbsp;

Jennifer
snapped again and I got up. Without being told to, I turned around and licked
my juices off of her feet. Above my head, they continued to talk.

&nbsp;

&quot;So,
what are your plans for today?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
have that check from Grandma. I want to go shopping.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That
sounds good. First, why don't you go and finish your breakfast, feed your dog
and help me clean up from the party.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay.
I have to clean up downstairs, too. She had an accident last night.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
you can't expect anything better. She's just an animal and they like living in
filth. It's not like you or me who would have restrained ourselves.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know what you mean. It stinks down there now.&quot; Jennifer patted me on the
head. &quot;Karen likes it, though. Don't you, girl?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked once and she shook her head. &quot;Of course you do or you wouldn't have
done it.&quot; She crossed her legs and looked over at her mother. &quot;You
know, Karen isn't really a dog's name.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
your dog. Call her whatever you want to.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;How
about Renie?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That
works for me.&quot;

&nbsp;

It was
that easy for me to lose another part of my human identity. She already called
me puppy or doggy more than she used my name. Now, I wouldn't even have that. I
leaned my head against Jennifer's leg and her hand went back to petting me.

&nbsp;

Running
her fingers through my hair, Jennifer asked, &quot;What about a tail?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
about it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
a dog. She needs one.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
we can shave her head and I can take the clippings down see if Mr. Chu can make
us something.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That
would be cool.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to do it now?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;No.
I'd rather do something fun this afternoon with you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We
can probably go to the mall around lunchtime and have a meal out.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;That
sounds good.&quot;

&nbsp;

It did
sound good but I didn't think that I was invited. If they were going to keep me
like this, I didn't really want to go either. 

&nbsp;

I was
led back into the kitchen to eat my meal while Jennifer finished hers.

&nbsp;

&quot;Ready
to get cleaning?&quot;
Her mom asked as she rinsed her dishes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Sure.&quot;


&nbsp;

&quot;I'd
start downstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
looked down at me. &quot;Isn't Karen, I mean Renie, going to do anything?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know it doesn�t seem fair but, she is a dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But
she's smart.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;True.&quot;
Aunt Elizabeth opened the cabinet under the sink and pulled out a bucket. She
dumped the contents onto the counter. &quot;Ah, here we go.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Take
this bucket downstairs and fill it with warm soapy water. Give her this scrub
brush. She can hold the wooden handle in her teeth and she can clean the floor
under the cage. Depending on the job she does, we might have her clean the
kitchen and bathrooms, too.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
I'm sure she'll do a good job.&quot; Jennifer grabbed the items and led me
downstairs. She picked up the newspaper and slid it into a plastic bag and set
the bucket down.

&nbsp;

Holding
out the brush, she waited for me to take it in my teeth. Indicating the bucket,
she told me to get to it.

&nbsp;

The
first time, I put my head down too far into the bucket and got water up my
nose. Jennifer laughed when I sneezed.

&nbsp;

&quot;Keep
going,&quot; she encouraged me.

&nbsp;

I was
able to get the wet brush to the floor and awkwardly worked on scrubbing it
clean. It hurt my neck but I think I did a reasonably good job.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
didn't agree and had me do it over. I could hardly lift my head when she was
finally satisfied. We went upstairs and I got to show my new trick to her
mother by washing the kitchen floor.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
took me outside again before leading me back to the basement.

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay,
get in the cage.&quot;� 

&nbsp;

I
sighed but complied.

&nbsp;

&quot;We're
going to be going out. I suggest you get a good rest and try to control
yourself this time. I don't think you want to have clean up in here again, do you?&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking,
I lay down on the metal floor and watched her walk away. I was tired but
couldn't fall asleep as I was tortured by visions of the past two days. I was
worried about what was in store for me next.

&nbsp;

It was
full dark when Jennifer and my Aunt came home. I could hear them upstairs
laughing and I whined helplessly. I really needed to make a trip outside.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
finally came down and released me. I pulled her up the stairs and she opened
the door for me. While I was peeing, she was talking to her friends on the
phone about last night and fun she'd had shopping with her Mom today.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
Karen?
She's been a little tied up.&quot; She laughed during the pause. &quot;I
wouldn't worry about her, though. As they say, every dog will have its
day.&quot; She said her goodbyes and hosed me off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Come
on inside and we'll get your head shaved while Mom gets dinner ready.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
dragged me reluctantly up to her bathroom. She first made a ponytail and tied
two bands into my hair, one very close to my skull. She cut between them and
showed me the resulting length of hair. &quot;This will be the main tail.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
picked up the clippers and grinned at my instinctual shying away. &quot;Come
back here. He needs the rest of your hair to make the other tail. You've got to
have one for all occasions.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
still wasn't too clear on how they were going to make me wear the tail but I
stood quietly while she short clipped my hair. Picking up the can of shaving
lotion, she proceeded to cover my head before taking up the razor.

&nbsp;

Biting
her tongue between her teeth, she slowly removed the last of my hair. She took
a warm washcloth and wiped the last of the cream off.� Holding a mirror, she bade me to look at
myself.

&nbsp;

Looking
into the mirror, I saw myself for the second time since my transformation
began. I wouldn't have thought it possible to look any more bizarre. I would
have been wrong.

&nbsp;

Without
hair, I felt very vulnerable. I whimpered and dropped my gaze to the floor.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
ran her head over my smooth scalp. &quot;I need to take this for a ride.&quot;
She raised her skirt and shimmed out of her panties. Patting the inside of her
thigh, she said, &quot;Give me some lovin', sugar.&quot;

&nbsp;

I rubbed
my now smooth dome at the apex of her legs. She giggled at the sensation.
Dampening quickly, I felt her juices coat my skull. Instinctively, my tongue
came out to taste her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Slow
down. Make it last.&quot;

&nbsp;

With
her permission, I began to tease her. Delicately, I used my lips and teeth to
nip and kiss her all over. After a few moments, I began to nibble at her pubic
hair and her mound.

&nbsp;

&quot;God,
that feels good,&quot; Jennifer murmured as her legs opened up further to allow
me better access.

&nbsp;

Dipping
my tongue into her cleft, I felt my way around the fleshy folds. I deliberately
kept away from the little bundle of nerves. I followed the movement of her hips
and lapped at her wetness with increased enthusiasm.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
finally growled at me, &quot;Enough. Finish me now.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
sucked her fully erect clit into my mouth to bring even more blood to the area
and thrummed it with my tongue. She arched and grabbed a hold of my ears and
pressed me to her mound.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
yes!&quot; she screamed out. 

&nbsp;

I rode
out the contractions and continued to focus on pleasing her until she finally
pushed me away. Leaning against the sink, she panted, &quot;Whoa.&quot;

&nbsp;

I went
into the sit position and licked my lips. I couldn't seem to get enough of her
juices. I glanced up to see her studying me. She reached out and ran her head
over my head, wiping up some of the remaining moisture.

&nbsp;

Holding
her hand out for me to lick clean, she said, &quot;I like this look but it's a
lot of work.
I think I'll let it grow in and decide later what kind of hairstyle you'll
keep.&quot;

&nbsp;

Following
her downstairs, I sat at her feet while she and her mother chatted and made
dinner. They watched a movie after the meal and I was allowed to lick their
feet. Aunt Elizabeth preferred to have her toes sucked and Jennifer basically
wanted me to massage the soles of her feet with my tongue. 

&nbsp;

I was
busy going back and forth between them. They kept me at it until my final trip
outside.

&nbsp;

Once
again, I was returned to the cage in the basement to sleep. My muscles were so
tired from having to learn a new way to walk and move. Even so, I had a hard
time falling asleep, as I wondered what tomorrow would bring me.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Five

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

That
became my routine. I would be released from restraint every morning and caged
each night and every time Jennifer went out with her friends. I was very bored
with the periods of inactivity and I looked forward to my owners return.

&nbsp;

When
Jennifer would come downstairs to let me out, I would bark and wag my tail and
lick any part of her I could touch. She would laugh and wrestle with me. As I
human, I'd never gotten so much affection from her. 

&nbsp;

I
would follow her upstairs and play with her used panties while she changed
clothes. I was usually allowed to pleasure her with my mouth before she
redressed.

&nbsp;

She
especially loved to have my mouth on her feet. Jennifer would leave her shoes
for last. Drawing off the sneaker or leather loafer and peeling off her damp
sock, she would point and say, &quot;A good dog licks her master's feet.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
kept her toenail polish fresh. She preferred bright colors and, this time, the
nails were covered in a brilliant scarlet.

&nbsp;

I knew
to begin by licking everywhere. Her soles, her insteps, her ankles; I would
lave on both of them in turn.

&nbsp;

The
first time I did it, the smell of her was strong after a day confined in shoes.
I had to keep reminding myself that she was my mistress and that my actions
would demonstrate how much I wish to serve her. 

&nbsp;

Only
with time, did I realize what a privilege it was to be at her feet, devoting
myself to them.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
Karen,&quot; she murmured as she writhed sensuously on the bed. &quot;That
tickles but it is so nice. You are such a good dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
mindless in my performance of this task. When she would stop me, I was usually
panting. I was also pleased to be called a good dog. I would wait for the
command to move my attentions up her legs where I could worship her properly.

&nbsp;

Every
few days, she would take me into the backyard and give me a bath with the hose.
Each time she would put handcuffs on my wrists before releasing me from the mittens,
collar, and sleeves. I then knelt on the patio with my hands secured behind me
while she sprayed me off and then wiped me down with a sponge. If I was really
lucky, Jennifer would spend time rubbing me between my back legs.

&nbsp;

I was
more embarrassed to be outside like that then when I was in my dog gear. It was
scary how I easily this life became normal for me and how seldom I thought
about my life before I was my cousin's pet.

&nbsp;

One
day, she seemed rushed and only took the time to kick off her shoes. When she
brought me downstairs, we saw her mother standing there. Aunt Elizabeth was
dressed to the nines; the slinky black dress clung to every curve and the
4&quot; heels drew our eyes up her elegant legs to her shapely backside.

&nbsp;

She
glanced over at us while putting in her earrings. &quot;Okay, I'm going out
tonight. I'll probably be home before you go to bed.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
just go and have fun.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
intend to, honey. I hope you both enjoy the treat I bought you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
I know I will.&quot; Jennifer grinned at me.

&nbsp;

She
kissed her Mom goodbye and leaned against the door after closing it behind her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
it's your turn to get dressed.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
looked at her in confusion. Since her birthday I had been kept nude except for
the mitts on my hands, the collar around my neck and the bands confining my
legs. I wondered what else a dog would wear.

&nbsp;

She
walked over to the couch and tapped the floor with her foot. I quickly moved to
sit beside her. I watched her carefully as she picked up a box.

&nbsp;

I
peered inside when she held it down for me. Nestled in the box were two squat
cylinders and what looked to be the hair she had cut off my head.
I looked into her green eyes for answers.

&nbsp;

&quot;Silly,
doggie.
It's your tail.&quot;� She lifted the
smaller one out. &quot;This will be your training tail and we'll build you up
to the other.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
still looked confused and couldn't figure out how I was to wear the tail.

&nbsp;

&quot;It
goes in your butt.&quot;

&nbsp;

Tightening
by ass muscles, I was tempted to pull away. One look at my owner and I stayed
in place.

&nbsp;

&quot;Open
your mouth,&quot; she ordered.

&nbsp;

I did
so and she put the end of plug in my mouth. I just held it there until she
laughed.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
might want to get it a little wetter than that, if you don't want it to hurt
going in.&quot;

&nbsp;

After
another moment or too, she pulled it out of my mouth and told me to turn
around.

&nbsp;

&quot;Put
your forelegs down on the ground and put your head down between them.&quot;

&nbsp;

That
position had my ass in the air. I felt very vulnerable, bent over like that. I
could hear her putting on a pair of gloves and unscrewing a jar lid.

&nbsp;

&quot;Since
this is your first time, I'm going to work on opening you up.&quot; Jennifer
touched me lightly on my tightly clenched rosebud. &quot;You should be grateful
that I'm willing to make sure that this is a pleasurable experience.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her
touch was gentle but I flinched each time her fingers strayed over my rear
entrance.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
need to relax, Renie. I don't want to hurt you but I will be putting this
in.&quot;

&nbsp;

Saying
this she began to lightly stroke me on the sensitive skin between my cunt and
ass. Using her other hand, she tapped my clit. I couldn't help but moan.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
right. You like me touching you, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and tried not to tense up when she pressed a finger against my
anus. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want you to push out as I push in. Pretend that you're taking a dump,&quot; she
advised.

&nbsp;

Just
dipping inside, she pulled out before inserting her finger again. Slowly, using
her other hand to keep me right on the edge, Jennifer got me used to the
feeling of something inside my ass.

&nbsp;

Soon,
the length of her finger was deep in my channel. Getting used to the invasion,
I moved with her as she thrust gently. I moaned against the emptiness as she
withdrew it entirely.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
going to put another finger inside. You're doing really well, Renie. You're a
good dog. A very good dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

As she
spoke she was able to put a second lubricated finger past the tight ring. I was
lost in the sensation of fullness, especially as she continued to fondle my
clit. My breathing came in sharp pants.

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay,
I'm going to use the small plug now.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
removed her fingers and picked up the plug. I was thankful that she took the
time to coat it liberally with the lubricant. With a twisting motion, she
inserted it millimeters at a time until the entire plug was seated inside.

&nbsp;

When
she wiggled it, I gasped from how good it felt. Laughing, she lightly pushed
and pulled it. My entire being focused on my rear end and I yipped in pleasure.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girl.&quot; Jennifer sounded pleased. &quot;Lift up.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
stood in front of her on all fours and could feel the touch of hair tickling my
upper thighs.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wag
your tail.&quot;

&nbsp;

Flexing
my butt, I wiggled around. It was strange, having a feeling of such fullness
and knowing that there was hair hanging down behind me.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
you look so cute.&quot; Clapping her hands, Jennifer bade me to walk back and forth
across the living room. After a few moments, she picked up a ball and began to
throw it for me to fetch.

&nbsp;

I was
finding the plug inside me to be incredibly arousing. I wanted to rub against
something and my owner must have known something because she called me over.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think someone likes her new look. Perhaps, if she thanks me properly, I'll do
something about burning need between her legs.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
didn't have to ask me twice. I quickly placed myself between her legs and
nuzzled her thighs apart. In no time at all, I had lost myself in the joy of
service.

&nbsp;

My
owner tasted wonderful. When I finally opened my mouth to take her diamond hard
clit into my mouth, I moaned from the flavor of her on my tongue. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Slowly,
sweet doggie.
You wouldn't want to rush my pleasure just so you can get to yours.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her
warning was plain and I placed a chaste kiss upon her mound in acceptance of my
role.

&nbsp;

My own
need throbbed between my legs and burned in my belly but I concentrated on her.
I nipped and licked her gently until she was squirming beneath me. It took all
the considerable muscles in my neck to follow the movement of her hips.

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes!
Right there. Don't stop.&quot;

&nbsp;

Now
that she had ordered it, I concentrated all my attention to bringing her to
climax. I felt her pulse against my mouth and I continued to lick and suck
until she screamed again and again.

&nbsp;

She
was good to her word and after I had cleaned her up, she invited me up on the
couch. I lay down on my back with my head on her thigh. My bound legs opened
naturally to expose me to her gaze. 

&nbsp;

Starting
by rubbing circles on my tummy with the pads of her fingers and her nails,
Jennifer slowly increased her coverage area. Soon, she was petting me from the
underside of my breasts to my pubic hair. 

&nbsp;

Writhing
in pleasure, I was panting when she brought her hand up to squeeze and pinch my stiff nipples. I tried to bring my bound legs
together but Jennifer shook her head.

&nbsp;

&quot;No.
I want you open to me. I want to see how sloppy and wet my dirty dog gets when
I pet her.&quot;

&nbsp;

I moaned
at that. I couldn't help but to respond when she called me names. Maybe she was
right; I just knew that I didn't want her to stop talking to me and I certainly
didn't want her to stop touching me.

&nbsp;

My
movements on the couch pressed the tail further into me. The feeling of
fullness from the plug just amplified my arousal.

&nbsp;

I was
nearly out of my mind when she finally moved her teasing hand to the apex
between my legs. Jerking my hips to meet the questing fingers, the plug moved
and I cried out.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
now. You
know better than that. You make doggie noises, Renie, or I'll gag you and leave
you hanging for the rest of the evening.&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I yipped when she tugged on my cunt lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
dog.&quot; Jennifer moved her hand down and wiggled the plug. &quot;I think you
really like your tail,&quot; she said as I trembled in response.

&nbsp;

For
what seemed like hours she played with me. She would move her hands away
whenever I got close to climax. She rubbed one hand on the stubble on my skull
and kept up a constant murmur while I sank further and further under her
control.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
love this, don't you? Being owned by me is the best thing that ever happened to
you, isn't it? You love what I do for you, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked affirmatively to each of her questions. I would have agreed with
anything that would bring me closer to the orgasm that was ruling my life. When
she finally flicked a long fingernail over my clit, I nearly exploded from
need.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wait
for it, Renie. I know you want to cum but you cum when I allow it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Turning
my head I licked her other hand in supplication.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girl.&quot; She stroked me twice more and then, pinching my clit, she said,
&quot;Now, Renie! Cum for me, now.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
jerked and shuddered as the orgasm crashed through my system. Clenching my butt
muscles against the plug in my ass, I milked the crest for an amazingly long
time.

&nbsp;

When I
came back to myself, I lifted my head up to lick her damp fingers. She helped
me to roll on my side and let me stay beside her on the couch while my
breathing calmed.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
such a good puppy dog,&quot; she murmured as she picked up the remote for the
television. We watched a sitcom and she continued to pet me absently.

&nbsp;

When
her Mom came home she nudged me off the couch. &quot;I want to watch you move
some more.&quot; She commanded me to walk in front of them and to strut with my
chest out. She then began to toss the ball again for me to fetch. 

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
getting really good at being a dog.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Isn't
it great?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;And
the tail is fabulous. He did a great job.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
can't wait until I've worked her up to the bigger one. That will be cool. I
can't wait to show her off.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
really think that she's up to playing with your friends?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think so. She's done well so far.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
probably going to be pretty stressed when you introduce her to the
public.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
think?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know. She's only had to please you for two months. Having additional demands,
some of them possibly even contrary to yours, will be frightening.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What
do you suggest?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
need to make sure that she keeps her attention on you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;One
of the books talked about a 'watch me' command.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Have
you covered it with her yet?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Only
a little.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;With
so much stimulus, she'll be hard pressed to remember
her name. You might want to spend a couple of days working on it.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
didn't hear Jennifer's answer because I was trying to get the ball out from
under a chair. When I brought it back, she took it from me and dropped it on
the ground.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
girl. Come here now.&quot; Hooking a finger under my collar, she pulled my head
up so that I had to look into her eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;This
tail will come out when you let me know you need to go potty outside. When that
happens, you will present your butt toward me and wiggle it. I'll remove it and
you can go and then I'll put it back in.&quot; She reached over me and thrust
the tail further inside me. &quot;For the rest of your life, you'll wear it and
love it.&quot;

&nbsp;

I felt
my stomach drop with the truth I heard in her words. I also felt a clench in my
cunt as I responded to her statement. I had known that going back to my
humanity was going to be hard but only now was I realizing that I was changing
fundamentally. My needs and desires were changing and, deep down, I wouldn't
have it any other way.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
seemed to recognize that a shift had taken place. She took my face between her
hands and looked deep into my eyes. Nodding her head, she leaned forward and
kissed my forehead.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
we'll take a quick trip outside and then you and I will go upstairs and you can
spend the rest of the evening showing me how much you appreciate what I done for
you. If you're really good, I'll let you sleep in your bed instead of your
cage.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
wiggled my butt. I really didn't want to spend another night in the dark and
cold basement. And, if I had to be honest, I did appreciate what she'd done. I
hadn't felt so loved and I certainly hadn't had so much pleasure in my entire
life up to now.

&nbsp;

As I
followed my owner out of the room, the end of the tail tickled my upper legs. I
wondered how long it would take before that feeling was as natural to me as
walking on my hands and knees had become.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Six

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

A
couple of days later, I lay at her feet beneath the table. She and her mother
were eating lunch above me. Occasionally, Jennifer would drop her hand down
with a morsel for me.

&nbsp;

&quot;She
needs more exercise than she's been given.&quot; Aunt Elizabeth's statement
broke through my daydreams of my owner's sweet pussy.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
do you suggest?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Maybe
we can put that treadmill in the basement to use.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Cool.
You want to do it after lunch?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes.
Take her outside and we'll get things set up downstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
kept in the cage while they worked to clean off the boxes that were stacked on
and against the long disused piece of equipment. I watched carefully as they
murmured to each other while they worked. It worried me because I knew that
whatever they were doing boded ill for me.

&nbsp;

Eventually,
Jennifer led me out of the cage and onto the treadmill. I looked up at her in
entreaty and she played with the short hairs on my head. &quot;Mom's right. You
need to stay in shape. Now, I could take you for a walk around the block or we
could go play fetch in the park.&quot; She smiled at my panic. &quot;But I
think this way is better.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Remember
to take off her leash. We don't want to choke her.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
glanced over my shoulder at my aunt. Elizabeth was wearing a pair of tight,
black leather pants and a halter shirt. She was a beautiful woman but not
nearly as lovely as my owner.

&nbsp;

Unclipping
my leash, Jennifer coiled it up. She then pulled from her pocket the chains
that I'd last seen in the bag on my bed.�
She fixed one end to the machine in front of me and the other ends to my
nipple rings.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think you're clever enough to figure out what this means.&quot; As Jennifer
spoke, she brushed her warm hands over my breasts. &quot;If you don't keep up,
you'll pull your nipples off.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
jerked slightly at her words. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
like playing with these, so I suggest that you don't let that happen.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked once, softly.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,
girl.&quot;
Standing up, she entered some numbers into the keypad. The machine beneath my
hands and knees began to move. With a yelp of dismay, I started to walk. I
tried to look at her but it was hard to divide my attention between the
awkwardness of exercise and the tension on the chain.

&nbsp;

They
watched for several minutes, leaning on the arm rails. As the program sped the
machine up, I started to sweat and gasp for air.

&nbsp;

&quot;See
you in 45 minutes, puppy.&quot;

&nbsp;

Left
alone in the cool basement, my mind emptied of everything but the need to keep
up. When the time expired and the machine slowed to a stop, I braced myself on
trembling limbs and hung my head, panting for breath.

&nbsp;

I was
startled when I felt a touch on my flank. Jennifer knelt beside me and ran her
hands over my sweat soaked body.

&nbsp;

&quot;Very
good, Renie.
You're a good dog. You're my very good girl.&quot; She gently unclipped the
chains from my nipples and, almost tenderly, pinched my nipples.� 

&nbsp;

I
moaned. They were very tender but her touch was not unwelcome. I pressed myself
into her hands and she rewarded me by leaning forward and kissing my shoulder. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ew,
salty.&quot;
Jennifer said as she licked her lips. &quot;Let's get you upstairs and hosed
off. I want to take you upstairs and have my way with you. We wouldn't want
your doggy sweat all over my clean sheets, would we?&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
once, I followed her up the stairs. It wasn't until I was shivering on the
patio while she played the stream from the hose over my back that I realized
that the back gate was swinging open and I wasn't leashed.

&nbsp;

I
glanced over toward the door and then I dropped my eyes to the stones below me.
I knew that, as tired as I was, I'd never make it. I also knew, that tempting
as it was, I didn't really want my freedom.

&nbsp;

Above
me, I heard Jennifer clear her throat. &quot;Good doggies don't run away.
You're my good dog, aren't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked and knew that it was true. I wanted to be her good dog; I wanted to be
the best dog I could for her. Without being asked, I wagged my tail.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
dunked a sponge in a bucket of soapy water. Starting at my neck, she swiped
over my back and between my thighs. Automatically, I opened my legs. The coarse
material and the silky lather felt good on my sore muscles.

&nbsp;

She
rinsed me again and tossed a towel on the ground. &quot;Dry off on that.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
rolled around at her feet until she was satisfied that I wouldn't drip on the
floor. When she snapped her fingers, I followed her back inside and to her
bedroom. She shimmied out of her clothes. My eyes watched her every move and I
licked my lips when her naked body was revealed.

&nbsp;

Patting
the mattress, she beckoned me closer and helped me up. I took my usual position
between her legs. By now, I was very familiar with her likes and dislikes and
quickly had her writhing beneath my tongue.

&nbsp;

I was
surprised when she pushed me away. I knew she was close to climaxing. Hungrily,
I licked her juices from my cheeks and lips and waited eagerly for her next
move. 

&nbsp;

I kept
my eyes on her as she walked around the room, gloriously nude. Going to the
dresser, she opened her drawer and pulled something out. She stepped into an
odd contraption. There were straps that went around her waist. She widened her
stance and inserted something inside herself and then attached something to the
front. It stuck out and was a swirlie blue with white streaks. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Face
forward. Put your front paws and legs down. Put your forehead down on the bed
between them.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
obeyed. I felt the bed dip and she climbed on the bed behind me. Stroking my
raised butt, she whispered, &quot;I want to be inside you when I come. You'll
give me that, won't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

Not
sure what she was asking for, I whined. 

&nbsp;

Her
fingers played with my pubic hair. &quot;I know that you're a virgin. I've felt
the proof with my foot.&quot; Sliding her fingers into me, she pressed against
my hymen. It was slightly painful and I arched my back.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
your owner and I could just take your cherry. However, I want you to give it to
me.&quot;

&nbsp;

Her
fingers slid in my fluids and she tugged gently on my labia. I pressed back
against her. 

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
it.&quot; I felt a hardness poking at me. &quot;That's right. I want you to
keep doing that. Put yourself on my girl-cock.&quot;

&nbsp;

Shifting
on the bed, I tried to understand what she was asking. I had always thought
that I would give my virginity to someone that I loved. My dream always
included a man, though, before I'd been turned into a pet. 

&nbsp;

I
thought to myself that she didn't have to ask. Dogs don't make decisions. My
heart swelled with pleasure that she had invited me to give her this precious
gift. Strange as it may seem, I loved Jennifer. I would give her anything. 

&nbsp;

Arching
my back, I barked twice and pressed back against the hardness between my legs.

&nbsp;

She
reached up to stroke my hair. I turned my head and licked her fingers.
&quot;Good, dog.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Holding
still, she patiently waited for me to open up and let her in. I pulled back at
once when I felt her girl-cock make contact with my barrier. Taking a deep
breath, I pushed back at the same time that she pushed forward.

&nbsp;

The
pain was sharp and deep but the pleasure of penetration kept me from stopping
my motions. As she kept up with me, I could feel her pressing against the plug
in my ass. I was doubly penetrated and I loved it.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
yeah.&quot;

&nbsp;

Buried
to the hilt, she reached down and hooked a finger from each hand through the
rings in my nipples. Pulling me forward, off her girl-cock and then, back, to
impale myself on it, we began to move together. We found a rhythm together and
the thrusts became harder and faster.

&nbsp;

She
bit the back of my neck and for the first time, we came together. It was
glorious. 

&nbsp;

I
moaned as she started to pull out. My muscles locked trying to keep her inside.

&nbsp;

&quot;Let
go, Renie,&quot; Jennifer said warningly, as she slapped my buttocks. &quot;You
don't decide when I stay or when I go.&quot;

&nbsp;

Concentrating,
I relaxed my vaginal muscles. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Good,
girl. Now,
clean me off.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
turned and licked the length of her girl-cock like a lollipop. 

&nbsp;

&quot;No.
Take me into your mouth and swirl your tongue around it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Obeying
her, I sucked the strange thing into my mouth. It tasted funny. A little of me
and more of latex but I was still feeling the aftershocks from the orgasm it
had given me. As I let the thing farther into my mouth, Jennifer moaned. I
didn't know until then, how much pleasure she was getting from its presence
inside her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
yeah,&quot; she growled, &quot;This is a good gift. I'm going to have to have
you thank Mom for it.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
glanced up at her but quickly dropped my eyes at her raised eyebrow. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
had it good so far. I haven't brought anyone else over to play. That will be
changing soon and you need to remember your place.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Jennifer
reached down and pulled me by my ears until the girl-cock in my mouth was
almost touching the back of my throat. &quot;Obey me and you'll find
happiness,&quot; she said as she pulled out. Thrusting back in, I nearly
gagged. &quot;Fail me and you'll suffer so much that you will wish you were
dead.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
continued to fuck my mouth until she came again. My eyes were watering from the
discomfort and fear that I wasn't going to be allowed to breathe. 

&nbsp;

When
she was through, she drew the toy out of her and tossed it on my bed. Helping
me off her mattress, she clipped my collar to the chain. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Clean
that completely while I take a shower. When I come back out, we'll discuss what
you're going to do tonight.&quot;

&nbsp;

I lay
down on my side and held her girl-cock between my paws. As I licked, I squeezed
my thighs together. When her hand reached down and pulled the toy away and
slapped my butt with it, I was surprised and yelped.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
better not be about to cum.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
close but not at the point of no return. Getting on all fours, I kissed her
feet in apology for how close I had come.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
all right. I'm glad that you get excited all the time and I'm very proud that
you remembered not to cum without permission.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
blushed at the compliment.

&nbsp;

&quot;Now,
when we go downstairs, I'm going to let your leash go. You are to go over to my
mother and, starting at her feet, worship her. I expect you to treat her as if
she were me.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
whined. I didn't like the idea of tasting anyone else.

&nbsp;

&quot;You'll
do this for me, Renie.&quot; Jennifer smiled down at me. &quot;You want to make
me proud, don't you?&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I leaned forward and butted her knee with my head. Obliging me, she
began to run her hand over my short hair.

&nbsp;

&quot;All
right.
Let's go.&quot;

&nbsp;

As we
got closer to the living room, it became harder and harder for me to move
forward. Jennifer glared at me when she had to tug my leash to bring me to the
doorway.

&nbsp;

&quot;Listen
to me, you little bitch. Do you remember that little whip? I'll beat you bloody
if your behavior is even a little sub par.&quot;

&nbsp;

Looking
into her eyes, I knew she would do it. I might not want to do what she asked
but I hated pain. I dropped my head and licked her bare feet.

&nbsp;

&quot;Better.&quot;
She unhooked my leash and swatted my butt. &quot;Now, get to it.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
crawled into the room, keeping my eyes down. When I neared the chair Aunt
Elizabeth was sitting in, I could feel her watching me. Lowering myself to the
down position, I touched the toe of her right shoe with my lips.

&nbsp;

&quot;What
are you doing, Renie?&quot;

&nbsp;

I knew
better than to speak to her. I continued to kiss and lick until the taste of
the leather coated my tongue. I pushed my head between her legs to open them
up.

&nbsp;

Elizabeth
reached down and grabbed hold of my hair and pulled me back. I yelped in pain
but didn't pull away.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
asked you a question. What do you think you're doing?&quot;

&nbsp;

Begging
her with my eyes, I wanted to get her to understand that I had to pleasure her.
She must have seen something because she released the painful grip on my hair.
I got into my begging position and looked beseechingly at her.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to serve me? Is that it?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked twice.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
suppose my darling daughter put you up to it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Dropping
back down onto my hands, I leaned forward again. She stopped me by placing the
heel of her shoe against my shoulder.

&nbsp;

&quot;This
is a dangerous game. You could become as addicted to me as you are to
her.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
confused and cocked my head.

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
a lovely find. So sweet and so obedient. I'd be lying
if I said I didn't want to have a part of you. But a bitch can only serve one
master.&quot;

&nbsp;

Rubbing
my cheek against her foot, I tried to understand what she was saying.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
what do I care about it? Let's see how well she's gotten you trained,&quot;
Elizabeth said as she let her foot fall back to the floor.

&nbsp;

I took
the opportunity to move forward and nuzzle at her calves. I slowly nipped, and
licked my way up to her thighs, always careful to never put a run in the silky
hose that she was wearing.

&nbsp;

Reaching
her garter belt, I finally had my first whiff of my Aunt's musk. It was as
intoxicating as my owners. 

&nbsp;

Pushing
up her short skirt, I was surprised by what awaited me. My Aunt was completely
smooth shaven between her legs. There wasn't even any stubble.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
like that? It makes everything more sensitive and more exposed.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
liked teasing the patch between my owner's legs apart and I was proud when I
finally began to grow my own several years ago. I couldn't imagine shaving it
off but I could quickly tell that my Aunt was correct that she was very
responsive without hair down there.

&nbsp;

She
moaned at the first touch of my lips on her mound. I licked my lips and tasted
her unique essence. She was saltier than her daughter but the flavor was
pleasing on my tongue. I followed the juices to the source and proceeded to lap
the entire area, careful to swipe my tongue regularly over her clit between
thrusts inside her canal to collect more fluid.

&nbsp;

I
could tell that she was enjoying my service. Her legs were splayed wide open
and she was leaning back in the chair with her hands in her shirt, massaging
her breasts. 

&nbsp;

&quot;You're
a good girl. Such a well trained dog. I'll need to speak to Jennifer about
doing this more often.&quot;

&nbsp;

Wagging
my tail, I speed up my ministrations. I wouldn't mind pleasing her again and
again.

&nbsp;

Elizabeth
pulled her legs back. &quot;Rim me, now.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
obeyed her immediately and delicately traced the tight ring.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go
inside.&quot;

&nbsp;

Stiffening
my tongue, I pressed it to the muscle and she let me inside. I knew first hand
how sensitive that area was and, while I still didn't like the taste, I was
resigned to obeying her.

&nbsp;

&quot;Suck
my clit.&quot;

&nbsp;

As I
obeyed her orders, I tried to memorize what seemed to please her the most. She
liked it when I scraped my teeth across her clitoris by accident and I did it
again. She definitely didn't like the same gentle exploration that her daughter
preferred.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
fuck. Right there. Don't you dare stop.&quot;

&nbsp;

When
she came, she squirted a little. The surprise nearly made me pull back but I
didn't want to disappoint Jennifer or make her mother angry. While she relaxed,
I spent several minutes cleaning her up.

&nbsp;

&quot;That
was very pleasant, Renie. Now, you go and find your owner and thank her for
sharing.&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I left the room and wandered through the house. Not finding her
downstairs, I went upstairs. Jennifer was working on the computer and she
barely glanced at me when I nudged open the door. Her legs were under the table
and I crawled through the side to get in front of her.

&nbsp;

It was
pretty cramped in the space but I was able to turn around and face my prize
without unplugging anything. I nuzzled her knees open and pressed my head
forward. Inches from her panty clad crotch, I held still and just breathed in
her scent.

&nbsp;

Her
legs relaxing and spreading wide rewarded me at last. Reaching the damp fabric,
I spent a joyous hour with her flavor filling my mouth and nose. I could hear
the ping of instant messages but I concentrated on making my owner know how
much she meant to me.

&nbsp;

Eventually,
she ordered me to bring her off. I quickly obeyed. Her legs closed tight on my
ears but I didn't slow down until she tapped the top of my head.

&nbsp;

&quot;Good
dog,&quot; Jennifer said. &quot;Why don't you get comfortable under there while
I finish up here?&quot;

&nbsp;

There
wasn't really any way to lie down or move under there, so I rested my cheek
against her thigh and closed my eyes. I nearly fell over when she pushed back
suddenly.

&nbsp;

Blinking
into the light, I met her laughing eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;Fell
asleep, did you?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and tried to climb out.

&nbsp;

&quot;No,
stay there.
I want to talk to you for a moment.&quot; Jennifer crossed her legs and stared
at me for a while. 

&nbsp;

I
couldn't help but to shift uneasily under her gaze.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
know how dogs act when they greet visitors?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
looked quizzically at her. 

&nbsp;

She
tsked at me. &quot;Come on. They stick their noses in people's crotches.&quot;
She rubbed herself between the legs. &quot;That's what I want you to do when I
have you greet my friends when they come over tomorrow night. You'll put your
nose there until they push you away.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
thought about some of her friends who might not push me away. 

&nbsp;

She
must have seen something on my face because she continued. &quot;If they don't
push you away, you will begin to mouth their private parts. If they still don't
push you away, you�ll use your mouth to open up their pants and pull them down.
You will continue to use your mouth until they climax. Then, you'll clean them
up and continue to the next person until everyone has been properly greeted.
You will then return to me.&quot;

&nbsp;

I was
getting worried. Until now, no one outside of the family had seen me in my new
role.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
reached over and picked something up off the desk. &quot;You'll be wearing this
mask. Anyone with a brain is going to figure out who you used to be but we
aren't going to make it easy for anyone to make trouble.&quot;

&nbsp;

She
snapped her fingers and I came out from under the desk. The leather bundle in
her hand scared me but I wanted to be as anonymous as possible for as long as I
could.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
opened it up and bade me to put my head inside. The mask fit tightly, covering
my ears and nose but leaving my eyes and mouth free. She closed the buckle
under my chin and pointed at the mirror.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go
have a look.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
almost dreaded seeing what I had been changed into now. The mask had folds of
leather over where my ears were that were pointy like a dog's. There were a
number of snaps around the lower part and around my eyes.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
can snap on a blindfold or even this.&quot; Jennifer held up a stiff piece of
leather. It looked exactly like a dog's muzzle.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
probably won't because I don't have access to your talented tongue when this is
on.&quot; At my look of relief, she shook her head. &quot;Sometimes, we'll be
at places where it wouldn't be appropriate for you to go down on me and you'll
wear this as you stay at heel by my side.&quot;

&nbsp;

Hearing
that we would be going out with me like this, I shivered.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
noticed and called me back to her. &quot;Come here, my little puppy dog. You
need to understand that I can do anything to you. Eventually, I will,
too.&quot; She stroked my shoulders and chest and tugged on my nipple rings.
&quot;But we have a long time to enjoy ourselves. You can go get into your bed.
I'll let you sleep up here tonight.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
dropped down on my elbows to kiss her feet before crawling to my bed. She
clipped the chain on my collar and I was asleep before she even turned the
light off.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Seven

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I woke
up sweating from wearing the mask all night. My entire head itched something
awful. I rubbed my head against my arms and kind of liked the way the leather
felt against my skin.� It startled me
when Jennifer spoke.

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
need to shave your head again if you're going to wear that for an entire
evening.&quot;

&nbsp;

I didn�t
want to lose all my hair again but I knew it wasn�t really my choice. I
responded to her words by pulling against the chain that tethered me to the
wall. I wanted to get close enough to touch her.

&nbsp;

She
climbed out of bed and released me. Helping me onto the mattress, she wiggled
out of her panties and rolled onto her stomach. &quot;Knock yourself out. I'm
going to try and get some more sleep.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
kissed the back of her neck before licking my way down her body. I spent a
while lavishing attention her feet before moving back up to her butt. I knew
that the most sensitive skin her body was right under and to the inside of her
cheeks and I kissed her there.

&nbsp;

Sleepily,
she opened her legs further. I climbed between them and lay down with my nose
pressed against her check. When I heard her sigh, I rocked my way inside to a
tongue's length from the tight rosebud.

&nbsp;

While
she fell back asleep, I gently tongued her. I lost myself in the service of my
owner.

&nbsp;

Once
she shifted and mumbled and I knew that she was close to waking up, I turned my
concentration to the tender skin between her rectum and vagina. Gradually, she
began to press her hips into the mattress with greater and greater force.

&nbsp;

Sticking
my nose into her tight channel, I was able to reach her clit with my tongue and
bring her completely awake and to climax.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
a lovely way to wake up.&quot; Jennifer stretched languidly and patted my head.
&quot;Let me get ready and we'll go downstairs. There's a lot to do today to
get ready.&quot;

&nbsp;

At her
words, my stomach dropped. I'd been able to forget for a while that I would
have to please her friends tonight.

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
had enough training to know how to do the right things. I won't accept failure
and I won't tolerate disobedience.&quot;

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I gave her the only reassurance I could that I would make her proud of
me. I was filled with trepidation about the upcoming event but making her mad
scared me more than anything else. I didn't know what I would do if she took
her love away from me.

&nbsp;

That
evening, I watched as Jennifer set up several chairs in the living room. When
everything was made up to her satisfaction, she snapped her fingers at me. I
scurried over to her side and rubbed my cheek against her thigh.

&nbsp;

�They
should be arriving soon. I�ll open the door and you greet them once they�re
inside.� She looked down at me. �I know that I�m asking a lot of you, Renie. I
wouldn�t do so, if I didn�t think that you were ready, willing and able.� She
smiled at me and patted my head. �You want to be a good dog, right?�

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and licked her hand.

&nbsp;

�Then
tonight whenever I ask you to do something, you do it immediately. It will be
easiest if you don�t try and think. That�s for people, not for dogs. Just obey
and you�ll have a good time.� She pinched my nose. �Failure will not be
tolerated.�

&nbsp;

Again,
I barked twice and bent down to lick her shoes. The worst thing I could imagine
was disappointing my owner.

&nbsp;

When
the doorbell rang, I looked up. The taste of leather was strong in my suddenly
dry mouth.� Jennifer fluffed her hair and
opened up the door.

&nbsp;

�Jesse.
So good of you to come.� 

&nbsp;

As the
door closed, I moved forward and pressed my face into her crotch.

&nbsp;

She
squealed as I began to nuzzle the seam of her jeans. Pushing my head away, she
glared at Jennifer. �What the fuck is this?�

&nbsp;

�My
dog is just saying hello.�

&nbsp;

�What?�
Jesse asked as the bell rang again.

&nbsp;

�Just
take a seat and I�ll explain everything when everyone gets here.�

&nbsp;

I
repeated my greetings to Jennifer�s friends Brittany, Heather, and Sarah. They
had all come together in Brittany�s father�s car. All of them reacted by
pushing me away and yelling at Jennifer to explain herself.

&nbsp;

When
the initial excitement was over, Jennifer stood with me in the center of the
living room with her friends sitting on the comfortable chairs. I knelt beside
her, careful to keep my eyes down. I had never felt so naked before.

&nbsp;

�I
told you I got a dog for my birthday, right?�

&nbsp;

�This
is your dog? Jennifer, it is not a dog. It�s a person.� Brittany�s voice was
derisive.

&nbsp;

�Is it
Karen?� asked Sarah. 

&nbsp;

�Her
name is Renie.� Jennifer patted my head. �Trust me when I tell you that she�s
my dog.�

&nbsp;

�How
can that be?� Jesse asked.

&nbsp;

�She
is like this because my mom and I made her so.�

&nbsp;

Sarah
asked, �How does she feel about this?�

&nbsp;

�Who
cares? She�s a dog and dogs obey. Period.� Jennifer
went over to the bar and poured everyone a drink. She handed out the glasses
and took her seat in a large overstuffed armchair. She pointed at the floor and
I quickly moved to her side and into my sitting position.

&nbsp;

�She does
act like a dog.�

&nbsp;

Jesse
agreed with Brittany�s observation. �That�s for sure. Does she do any tricks?�

&nbsp;

�I�m
glad you asked. That is really why I invited you over. Tonight, I want to test
her.�

&nbsp;

�Oh?
What will that entail?�

&nbsp;

�Well,
she�s still being trained. I want to make sure that she will do what I say even
when other people are around.� Jennifer sipped delicately from her glass. �I
also want to judge her ability to please other people.�

&nbsp;

I
swallowed while watching her. My mouth felt like it was full of cotton. 

&nbsp;

Peering
down at me, she smiled sympathetically at me. Jennifer stuck her finger into
her glass and then held it out. I automatically leaned forward and sucked it
dry. The cool liquid felt good going down and I wiggled my tail slightly as she
pulled her finger out. Smiling, she did it again.

&nbsp;

�Wow.
She even wags her tail.�

&nbsp;

�She
doesn�t even hesitate to lick you.�

&nbsp;

�I
should hope not.� Jennifer looked around the room. �I asked you all to wear
skirts because I think it would be good exercise for her to lick you all to
orgasm.� Grinning wickedly, she asked, �You don�t have a problem with that, do
you? Wouldn�t it be fun for my pet to bring you off?�

&nbsp;

Her
friends looked at each other in consternation. Brittany was the first to speak
up. �Isn�t it a little gay to let her do that?�

&nbsp;

�More
like bestiality. You can�t have lesbian sex with a dog.� Jennifer tossed the
hair out of her eyes. �Look, if you don�t want to do it, that�s fine with me.
You would, however, be missing a truly heavenly experience. Her tongue is a
wonder.�

&nbsp;

I had
a brief hope that the girls would go away and leave my owner and me alone. My
stomach dropped when Jesse cleared her throat.

&nbsp;

�You
know, it would only be gay if you licked her back,� she said.

&nbsp;

The
other women looked at each other and, then, they all nodded. 

&nbsp;

�Okay,�
Brittany finally said. �I�m in.�

&nbsp;

�Me,
too,� echoed around the room.

&nbsp;

�Excellent.
Now, we can have her do you here or you can go up to Karen�s old room and
she�ll do you there.�

&nbsp;

Brittany
answered boldly, �I think upstairs would better.�

&nbsp;

�Fine.� Jennifer snapped my leash on
my collar and handed me the end to take in my mouth. �Take this over to who
ever wants to go first and offer it her. You will follow her and do what she
commands.�

&nbsp;

I
barked twice around the leather and then blushed as the four women laughed.

&nbsp;

�Who
is ready to be bold?�

&nbsp;

Heather
spoke up for the first time. �Me.� 

&nbsp;

�Great.
Go to it,� Jennifer said to me.

&nbsp;

Walking
across the carpet was hard but I quickly covered the distance and leaned my
head forward, offering the leash to the long legged blonde.� She snatched it from my mouth and pulled me
from the room.

&nbsp;

Once
upstairs, she shimmied out of her underwear and sat on the edge of the bed.
�All right then, puppy. Get licking.�

&nbsp;

I
obeyed. Heather was already very damp and it was not very long before I could
hear her panting above me. I concentrated all my attention and my skills on
giving her satisfaction. I wanted her to make a good report to my owner.

&nbsp;

After
Heather came, she pulled up her panties and led me back downstairs. At the
door, she put the leash�s lead in my mouth. With a grin, she said, �That was
quite a ride. Maybe I should have Randal come over here for a lesson.�

&nbsp;

�Very
glad to hear it,� answered Jennifer. She looked around the room. �Who�s next?�

&nbsp;

Brittany
shot to her feet.� I saw Jennifer raise
her eyebrow and I hurried over to offer her the leash. She nearly choked me as
she hurried up the stairs. I still was not very fast climbing up on my knees.

&nbsp;

When
we came back down, Brittany vamped it up in the doorway. �Darlings, that was
fabulous.� She pointed in the direction of Sarah. �Go to her now.�

&nbsp;

�No,
no. That�s okay. Jesse can go next.�

&nbsp;

�Don�t
worry. I�ll get my turn,� Jesse answered. �You can go now.�

&nbsp;

�I
really don�t��

&nbsp;

�Sarah,
don�t be a prude.�

&nbsp;

�I�m
not a prude. I just don�t feel comfortable with the idea.�

&nbsp;

Jennifer
leaned forward. �What exactly disturbs you?�

&nbsp;

Shaking
her head, Sarah said, �I don�t know.�

&nbsp;

�Is it
your first time?� asked Jennifer. At Sarah�s nod, she smiled kindly. �Then this
is a perfect opportunity. Experience pleasure without losing
your virginity or taking the risk of getting a disease.�

&nbsp;

�It
seems wrong,� Sarah whispered.

&nbsp;

�Maybe
its because she wants to be the dog.� Brittany spoke
loudly.

&nbsp;

�Shut
up, Brittany.� Jennifer silenced her friend with a sharp word and glare. She
glanced back at Sarah. �Give it a try. If nothing happens, nothing happens. If
it does, you�ll know what it means to be a cunning linguist.�

&nbsp;

Sarah
flushed and then stood up. �All right.�� 

&nbsp;

I
could sense Sarah reluctance by the way she slowly led me out of the room and
up the stairs. When we got to my old room, she dropped the leash and would not
look at me.� I crept toward her and
gently nuzzled her.

&nbsp;

Laughing
a little, she pushed my head away. �You don�t have to do this, if you don�t
want to.�

&nbsp;

I knew
that my performance wasn�t an option, even if she didn�t. I worked her skirt up
and pressed a kiss against her panties. After several minutes of kissing, she
pushed me away again.� I started to worry
that I was not going to be able to follow my owner�s order until Sarah
shrugged.

&nbsp;

�If
you are going to insist, who am I to stop you?� she whispered as she pulled her
panties off. Sarah balled them up and flinched a little when I made my way back
under her skirt.

&nbsp;

Hers
was the fifth pussy I had ever faced and the first one that wasn�t even a
slightest bit wet. Very softly, I used my lips and nose to warm her up. 

&nbsp;

I knew
that I was getting to her, when she sat back down on the bed. I followed her
movement and only then began to use my tongue to separate her lips and make
contact with her clit. Her legs tensed against my ears.

&nbsp;

Slowly
but inexorably I brought her to orgasm. She was gasping when I began to press
my tongue deep into her channel and then back up to her clit.� With a cry, she came a second time and then
pushed me back.

&nbsp;

Without
looking at me, Sarah went into the bathroom. I tried to follow but she closed
the door in my face. I think she was a little startled that I was still there
when she opened it back up again after a few minutes.

&nbsp;

We
stared at each other for a long moment before her eyes dropped to study the
carpet. I picked the end of leash up in my mouth and crawled over to her.� She took it and then stroked my cheek. 

&nbsp;

�Thank
you,� she murmured.

&nbsp;

She
came back downstairs and blushed at the looks from the other women. �You were
right. It was very nice.�

&nbsp;

�Nice?
I can�t believe that you would call an orgasm nice,� scoffed Brittany.

&nbsp;

�Unless
you didn�t climax,� retorted Jennifer. She looked at me. �Well, Renie. Did you
bring her off?�

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I crawled across the room to my owner and kissed her feet. 

&nbsp;

�Good
girl.�

&nbsp;

Less
shy than the others, Jesse didn�t even stand up. She pulled down her panties
and opened her legs. �Come here, bitch.�

&nbsp;

I
wasn�t happy with way she addressed me but I wasn�t willing to risk Jennifer�s
wrath by acting out under her very nose. I moved toward her as slowly as I
dared.

&nbsp;

�About
time. Let�s
see if you�re as good as they�ve been saying.�

&nbsp;

I felt
a surge of pride that they had been bragging about me. Not wanting to give her
any reason to criticize, I put my all into pleasing her. She lifted her legs up
and crossed her ankles on my back. 

&nbsp;

�Oh,
God. There,
right there,� she cried loudly as she came. �Jesus, Jennifer. Where have you
been hiding her?�

&nbsp;

�Under
my skirt.�
Jennifer leaned back in her chair and crossed her legs. �So, is everyone having
a good time?�

&nbsp;

Everyone
answered yes and they laughed at me when I barked with them. 

&nbsp;

�Okay,
we�ll order a pizza in.�

&nbsp;

Brittany
raised her hand. �Maybe later, we can get her to do that again?�

&nbsp;

�Yeah. I think that might be
possible.� Jennifer lifted my chin and stared into my eyes. �I think my puppy
really likes pleasing people.�

&nbsp;

I
kissed her wrist and she smiled. I spent the rest of the evening going from one
to the other. My neck and tongue were sore by the time her friends left and we
went to bed. She hadn�t taken a turn downstairs and she didn�t try to brush me
aside when I put my front paws on the bed and barked.

&nbsp;

�You
want to come up here and love me?� she asked as she helped me up. 

&nbsp;

Barking
twice, I buried my head in her steaming center. She was really wound up and
came very quickly. I moved down to rim her until she relaxed a little before
moving back to penetrate her with my tongue. Soon, she was writhing on the bed
and moaning.

&nbsp;

She
came twice more before she made me get off the bed. Pointing at my bed, she
didn�t bother to get up. I obeyed. Crawling over, I turned around and faced her
before lying down. For the first time, she didn�t attach the chain to my
collar.

&nbsp;

�I
think that you�ve proven that you�re my good dog. I�m going to trust you.�
Jennifer yawned. �Don�t blow it.�

&nbsp;

I
barked once and put my head on my paws. Exhausted from our long day, we both
quickly fell asleep.

&nbsp;

Chapter
Eight

&nbsp;

The
next morning, I followed her downstairs and did my business outside. The sun
was already hot as it beat down on my bare skin. I could feel the head through
the pads on my hands and knees and I shifted on the stone patio.

&nbsp;

&quot;Doesn't
the hot weather feel good, puppy?� I bet
you could just lie out here all day.&quot; She stretched. &quot;In fact, I
think that's exactly what I'll do.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
went back inside and used the phone to call her friends. They all agreed to
come over to the house in about an hour. I followed her from room to room, as
she wandered and I wondered what was going to happen to me.

&nbsp;

I
didn't have too long to think about it as she called me upstairs while she
changed clothes. I watched hungrily as Jennifer put on her smallest bikini. She
brushed her hair into a ponytail and picked up an oversized towel.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
can't wait until everyone comes over. We're going to have a blast, sitting in
the backyard, just relaxing.&quot;

&nbsp;

I had
a funny feeling that my day might not be so restful but I merely followed her
downstairs.

&nbsp;

Her
friends arrived and Jennifer tossed a ball for me to fetch while they talked.
Brittany had brought over something that they all gathered around. When I
returned with the ball, they all looked at me with evil grins.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
Renie. It seems my friends have come up with a way to keep you from getting
bored while we sunbathe.&quot; She raised an eyebrow. &quot;I know you're happy
about that.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and wagged my tail to the sound of girlish laughter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Brittany's
dad likes to fish and he had all kinds of weights that he uses on his
lines.&quot; She pulled out a dull metal pyramid and held it down toward me.
&quot;There are sixteen of these. We're going to scatter them around the yard
and you get to go find them and bring them back.&quot;

&nbsp;

That
didn't sound too hard.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
you see this hook here?&quot; She showed me and then reached down to hang it
off my left nipple ring. &quot;This is how you are to pick them up. Clever, huh?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
couldn't find it in my heart to be grateful but I weakly barked and wagged my
tail.

&nbsp;

&quot;Okay,
girls. Go
hide them.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
turned my head to watch them but Jennifer grabbed hold of one of my ears. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
not sure I care for this attitude. Either you improve or I'll adjust it with my
whip.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked with more energy and when she released me, I went down on my forearms
and showered her feet with kisses. When the girls came back, she told me to
quit.

&nbsp;

Brittany
placed a box on the ground near my owner's chaise lounge. �They�re all out,
Jennifer.�

&nbsp;

&quot;Good.
Renie, I want you to put them here as you find them. When you're done, you'll
get a treat.&quot;

&nbsp;

Hurrying
onto the grass, I looked around and saw several of the crude pieces of metal.
The first one was on its side and I had to nuzzle it upright. It took me
several tries before I was successful in hooking it to my nipple ring. As I
lifted up, the sudden pressure sent conflicting messages to my brain. It was
painful and pleasurable at the same time and I had to grit my teeth together as
I made my way back to the patio.

&nbsp;

Unhooking
was just as difficult and I stood there for a second after I was free.
Unfortunately, I was given no real chance to recover before I had to find the
next one.

&nbsp;

&quot;Hurry
up. Didn't we tell you that there was a time limit?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
scurried back into the grass toward my next target. I moaned as the heaviness
of the new weight bounced with my movements. Spying another one, I quickly bent
to hook it on the other ring. Both nipples were being pulled down and I was
panting by the time I got them off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Look
how she's enjoying this.&quot; Brittany had lowered her glasses and bade the
others to pay attention to the dampness between my thighs. &quot;Surely, she
should thank me, right?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Why
don't you wait until she hooks another set and then make her lick you with them
dangling down from her tits.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jesse's
suggestion was met with appreciation. Brittany clapped when Jennifer ordered me
to make it so.

&nbsp;

I
found the next two weights under the tree and nearly scrapped my poor nipples
off trying to get the things on. Worried that any delay might make things
worse, I crawled as quickly as I could to the patio.

&nbsp;

Brittany
had pulled off her bikini bottoms and she sat down on the end of the lounge,
resting back on her hands.

&nbsp;

&quot;Make
it last a good long while, you puppy slut. I wouldn't want you cheat yourself
out of a single instant of pleasure.&quot;

&nbsp;

Obligingly,
I barked twice and bent to my task. As I moved up her long, toned legs, the
weights swung back and forth. I moved with them. As Brittany got more excited
the pendulum swing became even more noticeable and I couldn't help but moan.

&nbsp;

Brittany
came in a rush and pushed me away from her with her foot. &quot;Damn, girl. You
trained her well but those things are a marvelous motivator.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want to try.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Me,
too.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Girls,
we've got all afternoon. Let her put those weights away and go fetch another
set for each one of you before she does you.&quot;

&nbsp;

I knew
that Jennifer's statement was as good as an order. Unhooking the current set
almost made me cry out. The relief was short lived as my tits were still throbbing
when I found the next weight.

&nbsp;

For
the next several hours, I thanked my owner's friends for their ideas. I was
almost dizzy from the heat and constant pleasure when Jennifer called me over
to her chair.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
ran her hand over my shoulders and scowled at the heat that was radiating off.
&quot;Shit, I should have put some sunscreen on you.&quot;� She squirted some ointment and I shivered as
the coolness coated my burnt back.

&nbsp;

When
she was done, she went over to the hose and turned it on. She held it down for
me to drink. My lapping at the stream got us both wet but it really helped to
slake my thirst.

&nbsp;

She
walked over and counted out the weights. &quot;You need to find two more and
then we'll see about a reward for good behavior.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah. It's your turn, anyway.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
opened up her arms. &quot;It's always my turn with my own private doggie
slave.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
are so lucky.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
told you that she was a birthday present from my mother.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You've
got the best Mom, ever.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah,
I'm so jealous.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know. We're going car shopping tomorrow.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;How
cool.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
girls ignored me while they talked about cars and plans for the rest of the
summer. It seemed to take me forever to find the last two weights. Coming back,
I lavished extra special attention on my owner. I didn't want her to feel that
I had spent any more time on the others than her.

&nbsp;

I was
glad when the sun went down and the girls left to go to their separate homes.
Jennifer rubbed me down with aloe and let me lay on the floor of the bathroom
while she took a long soak in the tub.

&nbsp;

I was
so thirsty that I drank out of the toilet when she told me to do so. That was
the first time I had done it and my face burned as much as my back while I
stuck my head in the bowl.

&nbsp;

My
back was badly sunburned and it was a cold and uncomfortable night that I spent
in the cage downstairs. I whimpered some when Jennifer made me get in, as I
much preferred sleeping on the dog bed in her room.

&nbsp;

�Oh,
Renie,� Jennifer told me. �I need my rest tonight. I know that you�re going to
uncomfortable with that sunburn. This way, you can whine all you want and you
won�t disturb me at all.� 

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Chapter
Nine

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
was very excited the next morning when she came down to let me out. �Come on,
now. We�ve got to get you ready.�� She
practically dragged me upstairs after securing my legs.

&nbsp;

Impatiently,
she tapped her toes as I let my bladder go in the yard. With a whistle, she
called me back over to the patio. As she sprayed me off with the hose, she told
me that she and her Mom were going to go out early to shop for a used car. �I
can hardly wait,� she burbled.

&nbsp;

I was
happy for her but I couldn�t help remembering my dreams for a car, back in the
days when I was still human. A little sadly, I trailed behind her into the
kitchen.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
barely spared me a glance as she opened a can of beef chunks and scooped it
into my bowl. Instead, she turned to her mother. �I really appreciate this,
Mom.�

&nbsp;

�Well,
I�m tired of chauffeuring you around town. You�ll also be able to run errands
for me, so it is a win-win for all of us.�

&nbsp;

I bent
to my food as they talked at the table. I tuned their conversation out. I
reminded myself I shouldn�t think about things that weren�t possible for me
anymore.

&nbsp;

I had
barely licked my bowl clean when Jennifer pulled me back downstairs and into my
cage. I stayed there in the dark until almost dinnertime. Since my last
accident, when Jennifer rubbed my nose in my mess, I tried really hard not to
go inside.

&nbsp;

I
could tell that Jennifer was happy when she skipped downstairs but all I really
cared about was getting outside so that I could do my business. While outside,
I listened while she gabbed on the phone.

&nbsp;

She
told all her friends about her purchase and made plans to take everyone out the
next night. �No, I can�t go tonight. I need to stay in and bond with my Mom. I
mean, she did pay for more than half.�

&nbsp;

We
went back inside and lay down in the corner as the two of them created a meal
together. They laughed and joked and would occasionally toss me a bit of food.
It was really nice to see them getting along so well. I wondered if this was
how they used to be before I had to move in.

&nbsp;

After
dinner, we went into the living room. I was at my usual place at my owner's
feet and they were on chairs facing the TV. After a couple of runs through all
the channels, Aunt Elizabeth shut off the power.

&nbsp;

&quot;There
is nothing on tonight,&quot; she said with disgust, tossing the remote onto the
coffee table.

&nbsp;

&quot;That's
a Saturday night. Everyone is out having fun not at home watching TV.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Something
you'll be able to do that soon enough.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yeah. I want to thank you, Mom. I
had a lot of fun today and I'm so happy about my new wheels.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
glad, sweetie.&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;This
has turned into a really great year, hasn't it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;You
bet.&quot; Aunt Elizabeth drummed her fingers on her chair on before she
cleared her throat. I glanced over to see her staring down at me. &quot;I want
to have her again.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Of
course, it will be her pleasure.&quot;

&nbsp;

Elizabeth
stood up and pulled down her pants and panties. When she sat back down, she
picked up a stick with several heavy looking strands dangling down from it.

&nbsp;

&quot;What's
that?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;It's
a flogger.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
flinched from the sound of it. Nothing with a name like that could be fun for
me.

&nbsp;

&quot;She
hasn't done anything wrong.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
worry, darling. I'm just going to use it to teach her how best to please
me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;She
doesn't like pain.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't really care. I just know that it gives me pleasure to cause it.&quot;
Elizabeth leaned back in her chair and tapped her thigh. &quot;Come here.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
hesitated and shot a look up at Jennifer. I could see that she wasn't pleased
by this turn of events but any disobedience on my part would only make it
worse. Crawling across the floor, I submissively kissed my Aunt's feet before
pressing a kiss against her shaven mound.

&nbsp;

My
skin tingled with the first brush of the leather lash. I wiggled and sped up
the motions of my tongue. It was no use. She struck me again and again and each
time I tried to do something different, anything to make it stop.

&nbsp;

Soon,
I was crying and my salty tears mixed with her juices. She played with that
flogger all over me. My skin burned from my shoulders to the back of my thighs.
Several times, the lashes had curled around my body so that even my front had
welts.

&nbsp;

When
she finally came, I quickly licked her clean and then raced back across to my
owner. I pressed against her leg and rubbed my tear stained face on her leg. I
wanted to crawl into her lap. Only when Jennifer began to stroke my head and
back, did I begin to calm down.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
don't look so gloomy. I didn't really hurt her.&quot; Elizabeth pulled an
afghan over her bare legs. &quot;Check her out yourself if you don't believe
me.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Stand
up,&quot; Jennifer ordered. 

&nbsp;

I
obeyed and shuddered when she ran her cool hands over my hot and tender
backside.

&nbsp;

&quot;Look
at this. She's going to bruise.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Bruises
fade.&quot; Elizabeth laughed. &quot;You should really try it sometime. The
high of having her under your control is nothing compared to knowing that she
suffers for no better reason than you wish her to do so.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
trailed a fingernail across several welts. I tried to stand still without
flinching but it was very hard. Gradually, her touch gentled and I was able to
stop trembling.

&nbsp;

&quot;She's
my dog, right?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Of
course.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Then
I don't want you to beat her unless she deserves it. You know, like, because
she disobeyed or something.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;All
right. I'll
reserve the whip for my boys.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank
you.&quot; Jennifer pointed at the floor and I immediately lay down. She rested
her feet on my sore butt.

&nbsp;

I was
very grateful that my owner wasn't going to let me be beaten any more.� I kept my head turned away from my Aunt,
though. I didn�t want to give her an excuse to use that thing on me again.

&nbsp;

�Pain
can be very erotic, you know.�

&nbsp;

�I
don�t really.�

&nbsp;

�Well,
pleasure releases a lot of endorphins. Pain does, too.�

&nbsp;

�People
really get off on that?� asked Jennifer.

&nbsp;

�Yes,
they do. However, anyone can be trained to respond that way. After a while,
they will associate pain with pleasure.�

&nbsp;

�But
won�t they just keeping needing more and more pain to
get to the same place? You know, like drug addicts.�

&nbsp;

�That�s
a slight danger. I hardly think that an occasional tanning will turn her into a
pain slut.�

&nbsp;

�I
kind of like her the way she is,� Jennifer said. She was quiet for a few
moments. Then, she asked, �What do you get out of it?�

&nbsp;

�It�s
a power thing, sweetheart. Knowing that someone is forced to see to my needs
despite any distractions and their own discomfort, well, I find it to be wildly
arousing.� Elizabeth snapped the whip. �I think I was meant to live in an age
where the slave owner held the power of life and death over their slaves.

&nbsp;

I
tried not to whimper at the cold weight of Jennifer�s feet and the scary words
from Elizabeth�s mouth. Trying to make myself as small as possible, I closed my
eyes and tried to shut their discussion out. 

&nbsp;

Jennifer
eventually moved her feet and ran her hands over my backside again. �It doesn�t
look so bad now.�

&nbsp;

&quot;I
told you.� Elizabeth sounded a little tentative when she asked, �We're good,
right?&quot; 

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes,
Mom. Its fine.&quot; Jennifer bounced up. &quot;But now, I'm
going to take her upstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I've
got an ointment in my medicine cabinet, if you're still worried about
her.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I'll
get it.&quot;

&nbsp;

Jennifer
snapped her fingers. Without waiting for my response, she walked out of the
room. I quickly followed her. I didn't want to be left alone with her mother.

&nbsp;

She
told me to lie down on my bed and went to get the cream. When she came back,
she unbound my legs and bade me to lie on my stomach while she rubbed it in.
Although I was still really tender, it felt wonderful for her to massage me. I
felt like purring from the attention.

&nbsp;

I felt
her kiss my shoulder as she finished. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I'm
sorry she hurt you, Renie. You are my very best girl and I know you did a good
job.&quot; She got up from the floor and began to get ready for bed.

&nbsp;

Although
I was tired and sore, I turned my head to watch her. I could feel my breath
quickening as she stripped. I blushed when she glanced down and saw me panting.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
are such a horn dog. Close your eyes and go to sleep.&quot;

&nbsp;

As
usual, I obeyed her. My dreams were vivid and scary with visions of scary women
chasing me with switches through the forest. I was glad to wake up to another
day, even though I was still my cousin�s dog.

&nbsp;

Chapter
Ten

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I
didn�t know how good things were until they changed. Summer ended and Jennifer
went back for her final semester. She was going to graduate in December. Back
when I was a student, I would have been graduating with her. She had to make up
courses while I had been pretty far ahead.

&nbsp;

None
of that that mattered to me anymore. I just hated all the time that school took her
away from me. Our usual interactions were much briefer. She had to leave early
to get there and, when she came home, she had to give her attention to books. I
also missed being allowed to run free in the house during the day. 

&nbsp;

Luckily
for me, she did a lot of homework at her desk. I was able to spend many a
pleasurable hour in the dark beneath it, between her legs. Sometimes, she would
stretch out her leg and let me rub myself on her shin.

&nbsp;

We
settled into a new routine. I was allowed to sleep upstairs in her room every
night. When she left for school, I was restrained in the cage in the basement.
I would stay down there sometimes until dinner.�


&nbsp;

I
tried not to cause her any more stress but it was difficult to go outside when
it was still dark. The weather had been gradually turning colder and one day I
balked at the patio door when I saw frost on the ground. 

&nbsp;

�What
is your problem?� she demanded.

&nbsp;

When I
looked up into Jennifer's eyes, I knew that my hesitation was going to cost me.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
know I'm running late and you had better get out there now and do your
business.&quot; She shoved me with a foot on my butt. &quot;You sure seemed
like you needed to go when we were upstairs. If you mess your cage today, I'll
make you roll in it.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
quickly crawled to my spot and opened my legs. I saw her glaring at me and my
muscles clenched and wouldn't relax. It didn't help that I was shivering. I
dropped my head and was finally able let go.

&nbsp;

&quot;Get
back over here.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
don't think I'd ever heard her voice be so cold. I scurried over to the patio
and sat down in front of her.

&nbsp;

&quot;You
want to tell me why you deliberately looked away from me?&quot;

&nbsp;

I
dropped my eyes to the patio.

&nbsp;

&quot;I
think that you need to have a lesson on just what your role is in this family.
When I come home tonight, be prepared to serve.&quot;

&nbsp;

Cringing
from the anger in her voice, I tried to kiss her feet. She just moved away from
and back into the house. I followed her, crawling on my belly, I pressed my
lips against her shoes. At this point, I didn't care about the punishment as
much as I didn't want her to be mad at me anymore.

&nbsp;

Without
a word, Jennifer dragged me downstairs and put a bowl of dry food in my cage. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
don't have time for anything else. Think about how you're going to make things
up to me and my friends.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
spent a miserable day in the cage. I was scared that Jennifer might not want me
anymore if I kept angering her. When I heard the door slam upstairs, I got to
my knees and stared through the dark at the basement door.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
brought down the leather mask when she came to get me. The only difference was
that the eyeholes were covered this time. She also had a new leash in her
hands. The ends were separate and she attached them to my nipple rings.

&nbsp;

At the
first tug, I moved quickly. I didn�t want to anger her but I really didn�t want
to deal with the pain. Not being able to see, I banged into several things as I
tried to follow her upstairs and outside.

&nbsp;

I
could barely hear her laughter over the ear coverings. When I was nudged off
the patio, I tried to go to my usual place and I turned around. Unable to see
her eyes, it took me several minutes to relax enough to release.

&nbsp;

When I
finished, Jennifer began whistling to direct me to her. We went back inside and
she led me into the living room. She forced something into my mouth and buckled
it around my head.

&nbsp;

I
raised my head and could feel that something stretched out in from of me. She
pulled me over to the doorway and hooked my leash over the door handle. To
swallow, I had to lift my head up and I needed to concentrate on not drooling.

&nbsp;

For
what seemed like a long time, I sat there, alone in the darkness. Finally, I
heard the doorbell ring. I could sense several people moving around me and was
almost relieved that something was going to happen.

&nbsp;

My
leash was pulled tight and I could feel legs open on either side of my
shoulders. Whatever the thing projecting from my face was, it slid easily into
the warm pussy before me. With steady tugs on my breasts from the leash, I
learned that my task was to fuck them with my face.

&nbsp;

I
spent the evening surrounded by the smell of women. Sometimes, when I was on my
back, the person using me would settle and I wouldn't be able to breathe for a
moment or two.� By the time I was led
downstairs, I was dizzy and my neck ached from the strain.

&nbsp;

Jennifer
pulled off everything but the mittens and pushed me into the cage. &quot;You
really stink, Renie, but I'm too tired to give you a bath.&quot; She left me
there in the dark without another word.

&nbsp;

The
next morning, I gritted my teeth at the chill but didn't hesitate at all when I
was let out onto the crispy, frosted grass. I kept my eyes firmly on her until
I finished my business and then hurried back to her side.

&nbsp;

&quot;Well
done. You still stink and I'm going to be late if I have to fool with
you.&quot; Jennifer fluffed her hair. &quot;I'm leaving you loose since Mom is
working from home. You know the routine and I had better not hear anything
negative when I get back from school.&quot;

&nbsp;

I
barked twice and tried to press my mouth against her crotch. She laughed and
pushed my head away.

&nbsp;

&quot;Not
now, doggie.
You'll get your chance later.&quot; With a final pat on my head, she grabbed
her car keys and was out the door.

&nbsp;

I
crawled back into the living room and lay down on my rug in the corner. Waiting
for Aunt Elizabeth to come downstairs and go into her study, I drifted off.

&nbsp;

&quot;Wake
up, pooch.&quot; 

&nbsp;

An
ungentle toe in my ribs followed the sharp command. I was immediately up and I
lowered my face to kiss the foot that had kicked me. Even with her promise to
her daughter, I didn't want to give her any excuse to take her whip to me
again.

&nbsp;

Since
the whipping, she�d had me pleasure her a couple of
times when Jennifer was at school. I don�t know whether she ever told her daughter
of her use of me but, since she didn�t leave any marks, there wasn�t any way
for me to tell her.

&nbsp;

With a
snap, she turned and walked down the hall. I followed her into the light and
airy room where she made her office. She sat down in her Aero
chair and I quickly made my way past her to my place under the large desk. Like
the other times, I was to mouth my Aunt gently for hours. She liked to stay at
a slow boil.

&nbsp;

I
stayed on my knees before her for a couple of hours while she answered email
and typed up her reports. My jaws were tired before she finally dropped a hand
on my head and told me to finish her off.

&nbsp;

Once
she climaxed, she let me out and I went over to lie down in a spot warmed by
the sun. I slept until she got up to go into the kitchen. Unlike her daughter,
she never fed me from the table. However, I was ever hopeful for anything other
than canned dog food.

&nbsp;

After
lunch, she decided that she was tired of having me underfoot and so she took me
outside and then put me in my cage. I sighed when the light was switched off
and the door closed behind her. Another boring afternoon stretched before me. I
was nearly asleep when I heard the doorbell ring.

&nbsp;

From
my place in the basement, I could hear voices and the sound of people walking
around. I stayed quiet, mostly because I didn't want anyone to see me like this
but also because I was worried. Aunt Elizabeth was unpredictable and I did not
want to meet any of her friends.

&nbsp;

The
voices faded and I put my head back down. Whatever it was, it didn�t seem to be
anything to do with me. Putting my head back down, I slept away most of the
day.

&nbsp;

That
night, they talked while I was in my usual position under the table. 

&nbsp;

&quot;I
had a visitor today.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Here?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Yes.
Luckily for us, he had really good timing.�

&nbsp;

�What
do you mean?�

&nbsp;

�Well,
I had just put your pet away downstairs.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Who
was it?&quot; Jennifer asked as she held down a small piece of chicken for me
to take from her fingers.

&nbsp;

&quot;A
truant officer.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot;
she screeched. �Mom, I swear I haven�t been ditching.�

&nbsp;

�I
know. He wasn�t here for you.�

&nbsp;

�Oh.
Well, then, what did he want?�

&nbsp;

�He
was looking for Karen.� 

&nbsp;

�Really?�

&nbsp;

&quot;It
seems that she is missed from school.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;We
don't have to let her go back, do we?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh,
no.
Everything is all right,� soothed Aunt Elizabeth. �The papers I made up were
quite acceptable. They now believe that her father sued for custody and
won.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;But
he's dead.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
thought it would be easier if her mother and step-father died and her real
father was a deadbeat who only showed up a year after the fact.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;He
bought it?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Completely. I took him upstairs to her old
room and, as you know, the bed is stripped and the closet is empty. I even let
him look into your room and mine.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;How
dare they come into our home?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Don't
worry. They can search all they want but Karen Walker has ceased to exist.
There is only Renie left and she belongs to you.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Cool.
I was worried that they'd find a way to take her back.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Well,
once I saw how well the two of you were getting on over the summer, I couldn't
stand the thought of taking her away from you. I believe that you were both
destined for this.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;Thank
you for thinking ahead to this. I don't want to lose her.&quot; Jennifer pulled
me out from under the table and I leaned my head on her thigh. &quot;She's more
than just a pet.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
know, sweetie. That reminds me. What are we going to do with her now that
you're off to college?&quot;

&nbsp;

They
both looked at me and I looked anxiously back. 

&nbsp;

Jennifer
suddenly laughed. &quot;Ooh, Mom, I know what I want for a graduation present.&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;What?&quot;

&nbsp;

&quot;I
want a pony.&quot;

&nbsp;

The
End

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Euryleia Rider


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





