BDSM Library - Slave's First Anal




Slave's First Anal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master takes slave for a ride in the country on His motorcycle, ending in a scene in the woods.








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-08-16T14:19:00Z
  2007-08-16T14:19:00Z
  6
  3156
  17995
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  149
  42
  21109
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






ï¿½SLAVE'S FIRST ANAL

He's been
thinking all day that it's time to get out of the house, go somewhere
different, escape for a while, and daydreaming about what He might do to her,
and how. Scene setting, if you will.

Just as He was
getting ready to clean up His desk in His crappy little office, He made up His
mind. He took out his cell phone and hit the speed dial number for home. He
usually used His cell because He had programmed the home phone's ringer so that
she'd know it was Him calling. The phone rang, then it rang again, and on the
third ring, she picked it up, &quot;Yes, Master?&quot; He asked, in a gruff
voice, &quot;Why didn't you pick it up on the first ring like I've instructed
you to do?&quot; She responded, &quot;i'm sorry Master, there is no
excuse.&quot; He could hear her posture, standing there, head hung in shame,
legs spread, awaiting His pleasure. &quot;I know there's no good excuse, but
what reason, anyway? Is everything OK?&quot; she eagerly replied, &quot;Oh yes,
Master. i was just in the bathroom, making myself ready for You, and had
foolishly forgotten to bring the phone with me.&quot; He nodded, &quot;I
figured as much. Well, of course you'll have to be punished when I get home, so
lay out the hard paddle on the bed. I've decided we're taking a trip this
Evening, on the bike, so get My ready bag out of the playroom, and put it in
the garage by the bike, and we'll need our leathers as well, so lay them out on
the bed by the paddle. I'll be there in about an hour. Be ready for me.&quot;
she said, &quot;Yes, Master. get the ready bag out of the playroom and put it
beside the bike, and get our leathers out, and place them on the bed.&quot; He
listened to her, and said, &quot;Beside the paddle. On second thought, never
mind the leathers. Just get the bag, and be ready for Me when I get there. Oh!
and get your 3&quot; butt-plug out.&quot; She gushed, &quot;Yes, Master! Will
there be anything else?&quot; He said no, and hung up. It was a long half hour
of paperwork, and closing up the office while thinking about His plans.

He pulls up in
the drive to find the garage door open, the motorcycle in it's place, and His
non-descript black canvas bag placed next to it. He stops a minute to fasten
the bag to the bike, and goes into the house through the kitchen door. As He
walks through the dining room, He sets His briefcase on the table, and continues
on to the Master bedroom where He knows He'll find her waiting submissively for
Him. He steps into the bedroom, and there she is, nude on her knees, legs
spread in the submission pose, doubled over with her forehead on the floor, and
her arms stretched straight toward him, with her hands up in the supplication
sign. Unless they have company, she is not allowed to wear clothing in the
house. He's satisfied that she's so well-trained. He eyes the bed, and there is
the paddle, and next to it is her 3&quot; red jelly butt-plug. He picks up the
items off of the bed, and turns to go to the room across the hall. This room
was at one time a bedroom, but He's turned it into His &quot;playroom.&quot; He
built a &quot;spanking buck&quot; he calls it, and has it installed here. It's
a sort of low, flat platform, about 2 feet long by 1 foot wide. There are
shackles on all four legs, and the whole top is foam-padded, and covered in
black leather. He's rather proud of it. There's also a suspension harness, a
sex swing, a rack, and a set of stocks that He also hand-made. He sets the
paddle and the plug on the instrument tray He's put within easy reach and calls
to her, &quot;Crawl to Me.&quot; Keeping low to the floor, hips swaying with
each motion, she begins crawling to her Master. She knows what's about to
happen, and there's a slight sheen of sweat along her back, she intensely feels
the carpet roughly rubbing her nipples as her breasts drag along on the floor,
she feels a moistening of her pussy lips, she is aware of her exposed ass,
higher than the rest of her body, and can do nothing about it, she must obey
her Master. All of this is intensifying the moment for her, building her
anticipation of the sting of the paddle, building her arousal. Master, of
course is aware of all of this, and while she can't see, He smiles down at her.
She reaches him, and re-assumes her submission position. Master tells her to
stand, in the inspection position. Usually, the first thing He does when He
gets home is inspect her thoroughly. She stands, legs spread, with her hands on
top of her head.

He walks around
her, looking, touching, rubbing, squeezing and pinching. He rubs his hand down
her under arms, then around to her butt, over her hips and then, from the back
he reaches between her legs and cups her pussy mound. He rubs his hand roughly
back and forth between her legs several times, applying upward pressure, and
says &quot;Good, you've shaved it all close today. A Man doesn't want a hairy
sub around you know.&quot; He continues rubbing his hand down first one leg,
and then the other, bringing it back up and circling a finger around the little
rosebud of her ass. He watches her vibrate at his touch, and is pleased.
Grinning again, he says, &quot;OK, assume the position.&quot; She bends forward
at the waist, keeping her back straight, and lays on the platform. He attaches
her wrist and ankle cuffs, and fastens her to the platform, making sure that
her breasts are exposed on either side. He then gets two weighted Japanese
clamps, and fastens them to her nipples, flicking the weights to check how they
swing as she grimaces, knowing how sensitive her nipples are after the crawl
from the bedroom. He then goes back to the instrument tray and retrieves the
paddle. He rubs His left hand gently over her buttocks, and sees that she's
already getting wet with anticipation. He then rubs the paddle over her butt,
starting out gently, but getting rougher at each pass. After a few minutes of
this, He begins paddling her, gently for a few times to get her blood flowing,
and her ass warmed up. he stops and runs his hand over her ass to feel the
warmth of it, then into her crevice, running His fingers up and down her pussy,
teasing her, and tells her, &quot;you've gotten yourself quite wet. Now you
know you can't cum until I say, or you'll be punished even more.&quot; She
groans between gritted teeth, &quot;Yes, Master.&quot; He begins paddling
again, this time harder. He watches her head jerk with each blow, judging her
ability to take the punishment. Finally, when her ass is cherry red, but before
it could be bruised, He stops, and hears a faint sigh of relief from the
reddish-blond head hanging over the other end. He tells her that it'll only be
another moment, and then he'll let her up. He's not going to give her the
release of orgasm just yet, after all, this was a punishment. He goes back to
the instrument tray, puts the paddle down, and picks up the butt plug. Going
back to her, he rubs her ass with the flat of his hand, easing the sting, then
rubs the plug along her pussy lips while turning it slowly, she responds by arching
her ass up, and trying to spread her legs more than they already are.

When he has the
plug thoroughly lubed with her juices, he dribbles spit on her asshole and rubs
it around and in with his left thumb. She's arching her ass like crazy now,
seeking release, so he slaps her bare bottom and says, &quot;No orgasm right
now, quit.&quot; She slowly lets herself slide back down into a fully prone
position. He then inserts the plug in her ass. When the tip of it slides in,
she groans and arches herself fully up to take it in, opening her anal passage
like the flower he always say it resembles. With the probe seated firmly in her
ass, she slowly, and with a lot of twitching, finally subsides, although he can
see her clamping and releasing her cheeks. He goes around unfastening the
shackles, taking off her cuffs and nipple clamps and waits for her to stand
back up so he can give them to her and she can put everything back where it
belongs. Then He says come on, let's get dressed. Feeling the plug firmly in
her ass, she follows him back to the bedroom. He changes into jeans, and a
black tee shirt, and tells her to get her see-through white top out, her
pleated black midi-skirt, a pair of white thigh high stockings, and her black
platform shoes. She quickly obeys, not wanting to make Master wait. As He's
leaving the bedroom, he tells her to use a black scuunchie and put her hair
into a ponytail, then He goes to the kitchen for a drink of water.......

&nbsp;

They go out to
the garage, where He gets on the bike, and starts it. She throws her leg over
the seat behind him, and climbs on, trying to rearrange her skirt to show as
little as possible. She feels the vibration of the motor through the butt-plug,
making His Harley one big expensive vibrator. Snuggling tight behind Master, she
can feel the back of His jeans pressing against her pussy, and her (now
sensitive) breast crushed against His back, she puts her arms tightly around
His waist, and is ready to go.

After they've
pulled out and Master has secured the garage door, they head out, to a place
only Master knows. They ride out into the country, and after half an hour, He
turns left onto a dirt track in the woods. He slowly brings them about 1/2 of a
mile back from the road to a little clearing in the woods where a little stream
goes babbling through.

Master turns the
bike off, and she dismounts. He tells her &quot;Strip,&quot; while He's putting
the kickstand down, and getting off the bike. Astonished, she says,
&quot;Master! Here?&quot; Master stops and looks at her, &quot;Strip, and
assume! Leave the stockings and shoes on.&quot; Hurriedly, she removes her
shirt and skirt and drops to her knees, legs spread, head down, and arms at her
sides, in the submission position. &quot;Yes Master, sorry,&quot; she says. He
walks around to her, reaches down and taking a nipple in each hand, raises her
until he can feel her tensing, and see her eyes watering. &quot;Don't question
Me again.&quot; Head down, humiliated, she responds, &quot;Yes Master!&quot;
Putting the ready bag on the ground, He opens it and pulls out four 25' lengths
of soft rope. He stands, looking around for a few minutes, and starts off
headed for two trees standing about five feet apart. Not looking back, He says
&quot;Follow Me.&quot; She stands, and keeping her head down, arms behind her
back and fingers laced, she follows Him to the trees. Master indicates that she
should stand between the trees, which she does, automatically spreading her
legs. Master ties her ankles to the two trees, making sure that she doesn't
have any slack, then takes her right hand, extending her arm, and ties it to
one tree, then repeating the process on her left side, has her tied
spread-eagled between the two trees in no time. She is feeling a little
apprehensive that someone may come along and see her in her captive, helpless
nudity, somewhat humiliated at the whole thing, and thoroughly alive and
responsive that her strong Master has taken her, removed from her the
responsibility to choose, and is in full control. He pats her bottom, and
wiggles her butt-plug playfully, and says, &quot;hang around, I'll be right back.&quot;
She listens to Him as He whistles tunelessly as he walks the 40 or 50 feet back
to the bike, knowing that her Master is happy, and this makes her very happy.
He returns a few minutes later with a short 18&quot; riding crop, which she can
hear Him thrashing at the weeds as He approaches. He runs His hand lightly up
and down her back, asking, &quot;Did you miss Me, My sweet?&quot; She says,
&quot;Oh yes, Master, I've missed you terribly.&quot; He begins to lightly
swish the crop across her ass cheeks, watching her rise up on her toes, and
twitching just a little. He pops the base of the butt-plug, and she moans, then
he extends the crop between her legs and lightly begins flogging her pussy with
it. She moans a little louder, and reflexively twists in her bonds trying to
get away from the light but insistent lashing. Her pussy lips engorge, and she
feels hot desire well up in her as she gets uncontrollably, dripping wet from
her Master's ministrations. She can feel her juices beginning to run down her
legs as she starts to respond to the pussy spanking He's giving her. Now,
instead of trying to get away, she's anticipating the next blow, and welcoming
it. Master notices that she's on her tip-toes, and her back is arched, head
thrown back as her moans intensify from mild pain, to lust. &quot; Do you want
Me to fuck you, cunt?&quot; She moans a little louder. Master grabs her long
hair, pulling her head painfully back, while riding the crop back and forth
between her pussy lips. &quot;I said, do you want me to fuck you?&quot; She responds,
&quot;Yes Master! Yes!! i want You to fuck my little pussy! i want Youï¿½ to do anything You want to me. I want You to
cum in me, i want to suck You clean!&quot;

Her Master
releases her hair, and says, &quot;You're a dirty little slut, aren't
you?&quot; She responds, &quot;Oh Master, i am anything You want me to be! I'm
Your dirty little slut! Your whore! Yours to use! Please master! Use me!&quot;
He pulled the riding crop from between her legs, and grabbing the butt-plug,
wiggled it hard. &quot;Well, ok then. I think it's about time.&quot; He took
her bonds off, and taking the ropes together rolled them back up for stowage.
He walked back to the bike, and said, &quot;Follow Me.&quot; Trembling, she
fell in behind her Master, and hands behind her back, followed him back to the
bike.

When they got
back to the bike, He put the ropes back into the ready bag as she sank to her
knees, automatically assuming the submission position. He got out a leather
double wrist restraint, and put it on her wrists behind her back. He then
walked back in front of her, and opening His jeans, dropped them to His knees.
&quot;Suck My cock. Worship it.&quot; She rose up on her knees, and nuzzled His
semi-erect cock, kissing it, and licking long strokes up and down His shaft,
then tucking her head to the side, leaned in and kissed His balls, gently
sucking them into her mouth, and rolling them around. Letting go of Master's
balls, she pulled back and put her lips around the head of His cock. Glancing
up at Master beautiful watching face, she impaled herself on His sweet hard
cock. She took it to the back of her throat, and swallowing, managed to take in
His full nine inches. Then she slowly pulled back until just the head was
filling her mouth. Pulling her head all the way back off Master cock, she
kissed the head of it, and repeated the whole sucking process, over and over
until aster told her to stop. It was her pleasure to pleasure Him.

Master took her
by her left arm, and standing her up, led her over to His bike, and bent her
face first gently across the seat. Her legs standing straight, breasts resting
on the hot, black leather of the seat, head hanging off the other side, and her
ass presented high, legs spread, awaiting the pleasure of her master as He
disrobed Himself. Stepping behind her, He slowly ran the length of His cock up
and down her slit, feeling her open, inviting lips, the dewy moisture clinging
there, getting His cock nicely moistened. He planted His cock head firmly
between her pussy lips, and with little pushes, slowly but surely entered her.
She arched her back and tried to rock back to take Him all the way in with just
one stroke.

Her Master
stopped, allowing Himself to rock back with her, with just His cock head
imbedded in her luscious wet little tight pussy. GOD! How He loved this woman!
She moaned, &quot;Please Master! Fuck me now! Oh please, please, please, I'm
not worthy of Your cock in me, but I need it so bad Master, Please fuck
me!&quot; He answered, &quot;Yes, dear slut, Master's gonna fuck you, don't
worry, but one must exercise patience! One must learn to build the passion, to
savor the moment.&quot; He then slid His cock fully into her, embedding himself
in her all the way to His pubis. Pulling back, He began to slowly stroke, in
and out to where just the head of His cock was still inside her. He fucked her
this way for several minutes, feeling the orgasm build up within her, feeling
her pussy contract and flex around His cock, feeling the sudden moisture of her
arousal. &quot;Please master, may I cum?&quot; she asked. &quot;Not just yet,
little one, not yet. Master's not done with you, yet.&quot; Slowing the stroke,
and holding still occasionally, e brought her time after time to the very brink
of orgasm, only to stop, and let the moment wane. Finally He pulled out of her,
and she groaned loudly. He laughed, &quot;Now little one, that's not right!
Groaning at me that way!&quot; He slapped her ass once, hard! She yelped, and
then He told her to stay still and started to pull the plug from her ass. It
had gotten used to the plug, and didn't want to let go, she moaned at the
sudden emptiness in her ass, and pussy as He carried the plug with a little
soap He kept in a ziplock bag down to the creek and cleaned it thoroughly. He
returned with the clean, wet plug in his hand, and put the soap away. His cock
still hard, He went to her head, and pulling her up to the level of His cock said,
&quot;Here, suck it. Taste your pussy juice on My cock,&quot; and thrust it
into her mouth, ramming it to the back of her throat. She desperately
swallowed, trying not to gag as it hit the back. She loved the taste of her own
pussy juice on His cock, and He knew it. Holding her by the hair, He thrust
Himself hard and repeatedly into her mouth until she was drooling
uncontrollably. He then pulled out of her, and replaced His cock with her
cleaned butt-plug. Letting go of her hair, He patted her head, and said, &quot;Hold
that, for Me.&quot; Mater walked back around the bike with His cute little sub
all splayed out on it, admiring her as He went. He got back to her ass and
began stroking up and down her crack, stopping His fingers at her pussy, and
getting them wet from her juices, then bringing them back up and swirling
around her little asshole. Inserting a finger, he watched her head come up, and
her hips flair as she rocked back onto his finger, groaning around the plug now
in her mouth. The plug had done its job and she was open for Him. He stepped
back in behind her, again running His hard cock up and down her crack, and
between her pussy lips. He briefly fucked it into her pussy for just a couple
of strokes to get it lubed up, while dribbling spit on her open asshole. He
then pulled out of her, moving His cock up to her ass, saying, &quot;Relax now,
I'm going to put My cock in your ass.&quot; Her head came up again as she
moaned with desire. As He put the head of His cock into her ass, slowly pushing
it against her sphincter, she rocked back again, popping the head in past her
last restriction.

He paused there;
waiting for her body to conform to Him, then slowly began to fuck His cock into
her ass. Reaching full insertion, He stopped again to allow her to become
accustomed to His size and feel. He shuddered a little, looking down at this
beauty, with His cock planted firmly, and completely in her ass for the first
time. They had been working for weeks, building up to this moment. Up until
today, he'd never put anything but his fingers, or a butt-plug into her ass.
The time spent training her had paid off, she was accepting Him with no
apparent pain, and now was pushing her ass back against him in little spasms.
He pulled back until just the head was still inside her sphincter, then with
her pushing back against His thrust, pushed fully back into her. He asked her
if she was ready to get her ass fucked, now, and she responded with groans, and
passionate, wild nods of her head, while pushing back against Him. Grabbing her
hips, He told her, &quot;Okay baby, here we go, and you can cum as much as you
want.&quot; At that she bucked against Him, and He began fucking her little ass
in earnest. A few minutes into it, He noticed her ass grasping furiously,
repeatedly at His cock, and saw that her arms and shoulders were quivering. He
knew that she'd just had her first anal orgasm, and smiled telling her,
&quot;Good, did you enjoy that?&quot; She was too busy grinding, and thrusting
back against Him to respond with anything more than a toss of her head, and a
long &quot;mmmm-hmmmm!!!&quot; moan. After a few more strokes she began to cum
uncontrollably, shaking and shuddering, and losing all rhythm. At that, He
began to feel the cum building in His balls. He knew that with the tightening
sensation, it would only be a matter of a few more strokes. As He increased the
tempo of His fucking, He told her to &quot;Cum, bitch! CUM!!&quot;

After a couple
more hard thrusts, He held his cock deep inside her ass as He felt the release
of His cum spurting into her ass. It felt like He was showering her insides
with cum as she bucked back against him, cumming uncontrollably. He fucked
slowly into her ass for a few more minutes, until the post-cum spasms subsided.

Pulling out of
her, He raised her off the bike, and took the cuffs off her wrists. He took her
into His arms, tucking her head against His chest and tenderly said,
&quot;Well, little one, was it worth it?&quot; she hugged Him close and said,
&quot;Oh yes, Master. It was everything You'd told me it was, and more. When
can we do that again?&quot; He laughed, &quot;Now that you're not a virgin
anymore, we can do it a lot more frequently.&quot; She nuzzled Him, murmuring,
&quot;Thank You, Master.&quot;ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ (c)TexasFred

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fred C. Pierce


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





