BDSM Library - The torture era in my school life




The torture era in my school life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I was tamed by my teachers in my school life...








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  6
  2007-08-19T15:43:00Z
  2007-08-19T15:43:00Z
  10
  4221
  24060
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  200
  56
  28225
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






My name is rajesh
i m male..I m� tall and very lean and
brown with smooth hairless body.six feet tall�
My father is not alive. I m living with my mom. While i was studying in
school i used to sit near a guy named prem.I used to have interest in older
ladies. I used to watch the cleavage of our class teacher krishna veni and head
mistress jeyalakshmi. krishna was 52 years old and jeya was 55 years old.. They
both were very fat. Krishna had a smooth white body with a very big belly and
giant boobs like apayas.. she didnt have wrinkles in her body.. i wud rate her
40-38-40. Jeya had lots of wrinkles.she was also white. But i loved her belly
which was full of fat and which used to form in different shapes while she
teaches.But she didnt have as big boobs like krishna..but had very big ass. I
would rate her 38-36-42.

&nbsp;

I was studying X
class.Once prem saw me seeing the cleavage of krishna. He gave a smile and
asked what i was seeing.I didnt accepted i was watching krishna. He saw my
bulge in pant. He touched it with his hand. But i moved it away. He told he
would tell everyone if he didnt allow. So i allowed it. He started pressing my
cock over my pants.I got very moody. He moved his hands all over it and started
to press it from different sides. I was thrilled as all the students wer around
and class was going on. 

&nbsp;

After that he
started doing it every day. One day he was doing something with my underwear in
jeya's class over my pants. I asked him what and he told he was bringing my
cock out of the underwear. I was very erotic and i allowed him.The tip of my
cock has always been sensitive. He found it and teased it. Atlast he pressed it
very hard and i came in my pants. He smiled and started teasing me. I had to
hide it until i went home. From that day he took the cock out of my underwear
daily. One day he suddenly pulled down my zip and took the cock out. The breeze
of air brought shiver into me. I asked him to leave it. But he pushed my hands
aside and started masturbating it. Once he even humiliated me by leaving the
zip open and not allowing me to close it while getting up. But he kept my cock
inside. My friends started laughing at me. Once he made me suck his cock in the
toilet.This happened until he was made to sit in another bench.

&nbsp;

One day jeya
called me and told she wanted to meet my mom.She complained to my mom that i
was not learning well and asked her to leave me with her for two days. My mom
told she was going to another city the next day. I can be in jeya's house for
next 3 days. I was shocked.

&nbsp;

The next day
evening i went to her home after the school was over. I took dress with me. She
sat near me and gave coffee. She asked suddenly asked &quot;Wat r u and prem
doing in class hours&quot; I told&quot;mam,errrr...&quot;. She told &quot;I
know everything. shall i tell it to ur mom?&quot; I told &quot;no mam. I beg
you.&quot; she told &quot;if i should not tell u should do whatever i tell and
u must be an obedient slave&quot; I told &quot;ok&quot;. She told &quot;Go to
bedroom&quot;. I went there. She came there after some time and she sat on my
crotch. I couldnt bear her weight as she was very fat lady.

&nbsp;

She suddenly
removed my shirt and vest. I found what she was upto. I was seduced a lot. She
held my hands up with her hands and bent and started licking and kissing my
nipples. I was in heaven. Suddenly she started biting it very hard. I started
shouting and crying &quot;Ohhhhhhhh... Pleeeaase..... its paining&quot; She
shouted &quot;shut up u son of a bitch&quot; I was shocked to hear these words
from jeya. She started doing this alternately on both my nipples. They became
red. I started crying. She shouted &quot;shut up&quot; and went down to remove
my pants. I tried to resist but she pulled them off. Then removed my underwear
too and tore it off. That was when i found a camera recording all these things.
I hid my crotch with hands due to humiliation. But she moved my hands away.

&nbsp;

She spread my
legs apart and started licking my cock and balls. I was in heaven though i
could not forget the pain in my nipples. suddenly she grinned and started
biting my cock harshly. She kept her teeth tightly over my cock and pulled it
suddenly causing rashes in my cock skin. I jumped with a jerk. She then pulled
me to the bathroom and poured antibiotic lotion over it. I shouted in pain and
tried to run away. But she held me and poured it. It was burning over my cock.
SHe washed it and brought me to bed again.

&nbsp;

She stood over me
and kept her feet over my mouth and asked me to lick it. It was dirty but she
commanded me to lick it and clean all the dirt. I licked her feet lightly.
Until all the dirt were gone.

&nbsp;

She lifted me and
threw me over the bed.Then someone knocked the door. It was anand-her husband.
I thought she would leave me now. But she told&quot;come in hubby it is
open&quot; Anand came in and smiled &quot;so u got a slave when did u
start&quot; She told &quot;just 15 minutes&quot;. He asked&quot;did u touch his
ass&quot;. She told &quot; I left it for u to give first touch&quot;. I was
shocked.Anand was a old man lean one fifth to the size of jeya. His body was
full of wrinkles. He undressed and became nude. His cock was long about 9 inch.
But one would vomit seeing it.

&nbsp;

It was full of
hair and the cock was swollen. He lay over me and started to hug me.I was
reluctant. But jeya pulled me down to the bed.Anand brought his cock near my
face. I was about to vomit as it smelt really bad with full of piss. He held my
head and pushed it into my mouth. I closed my mouth. Suddenly jeya went down
and pinched my nipples which made me open my mouth. It went in. I was not even
able to breath. He fucked my mouth for about 10 minutes. Through out this time
Jeya was pinching my nipples. I was in total pain. Then i was turned to lie on
my stomach. I knew what was going to happen. I shouted &quot;noooooo.. dont
fuck my asss.. It is harmful&quot; But Jeya just lifted my ass upwards. I felt
i couldnt stop it. Anyway i tried to control it. I shouted &quot;please dont do
it fast.. Do it slow&quot; Anand told &quot;You deserve this. U son of a
bitch&quot; Telling this he pushed his cock from a long distance with a lot of
speed that the whole 9 inch went inside my ass in one push tearing my anal
tract. I jumped and gave a huge cry.&quot;noooooooo...&quot; Blood came from my
ass.It felt like metal stretching the anal tract and it was tearing like cloth.
But he didnt stop it and fucked me very fast.

&nbsp;

My ass was
burning and bleeding. I was shouting throughout the fucking time. Atlast he
came in my mouth. I refused to swallow. But jeya's look made me swallow it. I
lay on bed panting and crying. Anand slept beside me. Jeya told &quot;now its
my turn U can enjoy a bit now&quot;.Telling this she removed her saree exposing
her belly and her deep navel which i always craved to see.My cock became erect.
She let me lick her belly. I held each of her fatty flesh and licked them well.
Then she removed her blouse leving her only in her bra and petticoat. Her belly
was hanging as she had lots of fat. I could see her stiff boobs in contrary to
krishna whose boobs were hanging. She askeed�
me to lick my armpits. I refused. But she hit my balls and i fell back
in pain and then she pushed her armpits over my mouth and asked me to lick
them. I had to lick them.

&nbsp;

While doing them
i unhooked her bra. This made her bra fell down. She gave a terrified look and
shouted &quot;U mother fucker.. how dare u remove my bra without her permission
and pushed me down and started to run her fingers into my ass and hurt my anal
tract with her nails. I shouted&quot;pleeeeeeese. forgive me&quot; She didnt
leave me until she tasted blood. Atlast she made me sit and have a glimpse of
her boobs. They were really smooth sithout wrinkles with black big nipples. She
pulled me to lick them. I licked them for half an hour. Then she got down the
bed and pulled up the lace of her petticoat which made the petticoat to fall
down in a fraction of second and she came out of it.I could see her giant but
stiff thighs and legs. Her legs were strong and hairy. She turned around to
show her ass. WOW! the biggest ass i have ever seen. She cam over the bed and
made me lie down and she sat on my face with her pussy in my mouth. 

&nbsp;

It smelt bad. But
i was in the height of eroticity that i started licking it. Then she moved a
little front which made her asshole to come over my mouth. I jumped due to the
bad smell. It had some uncleaned shit. She pulled my cock and touched tip of
it. As it is my most sensitive part i jerked. She slid her finger nails into the
small hole in my cock. I was having a shiver run down my spine. She asked me to
lick her ass or else she will inflict pain there also. So i reluctantly licked
it. The shit tasted bitter and i felt like vomiting due to the smell. Actually
i was burried inside the too giant ass cheeks. I was not even able to breath.
&quot;come on put ur tongue inside&quot; she commanded. I accepted and slid my
tongue into her asshole during which she farted. I was not able to breath. She
laughed and then made me lick her pussy again. She had really lots of pussy
hair.

&nbsp;

Then she sat over
my cock and had a ride over my cock. I was in heaven pressing her boobs. But
she was not at all showing any sign. Her pussy was torn and my cock went in
easily. It seemed like she was fucked by many persons. She then sat over me
again and asked me to bite her clitoris. I did it and she moaned &quot;oooohh.
greeeeeaaaat&quot; Then she asked me to fuck her ass. Her ass was also very
loose and it was easy for me to enter. I fucked her for half an hour after
which i came.She also came at the same time. She pulled me to lick her ass and
take off the cum. I felt bad as i had to lick off my own cum.I did it.

&nbsp;

Then she told she
had to piss. I turned to see that to my horror the bathroom door was locked. I
was surprised. She smiled and told &quot;why should i use it while u r
here?&quot; i was dumbstruck.She pulled me to the floor.She took a steel rod
and heated it in a stove and then she stood above my head with her legs on both
sides and then told &quot;If u left even one drop outside u ll receive the
punnishment&quot; Horrified I opened my mouth.Yellowish Piss came down like
waterfall towards my mouth.It tasted very bad and was much salty.I tried to
drink as much as i could but my stomach was pushing everything outside. Atlast
she stopped pissing. Suddenly anand woke up and told he also wanted to piss. I
cried to my self &quot;what position i m in&quot; i was humiliated having to
drink the piss of old couple. He also pissed which i tried to drink. But i
vomited on the floor. Jeya shouted &quot;how dare u vomit on our bedroom floor
and turned me the other side. Without even thinking she pushed the hot end of
the rod in my abd i shouted in pain and twisted over the floor &quot;nooooo..
maaaammm.. please ... aaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrgggghh. Its paining and i fainted&quot;


&nbsp;

After sometime
she woke me up and told &quot;Its time for dinner&quot;. I woke up and found
that chicken soup and chicked curry has been ordered from some hotel. She told
she liked chicked soup. Telling this she poured it over my cock. I jumped in
pain as it was hot and sour. She told she wont leave the soup and she licked it
from my cock. Then anand took the chicken piece and pulled my legs upward
making me lie down on the sofa and inserted the chicked bone in my ass.It
started burning in my ass and i cried again and again. Then he removed it and
ate it. Then they gave some dishes for me to eat. Then i asked for water. She
told &quot;U have to supply water for yourself&quot;. She took a glass and she
asked me to piss in the glass&quot; I had to obey her commands and I pissed.
Then she and her husband pissed. Then she made me drink it. I had to drink it
due to the thirst.

&nbsp;

Then we came back
to sleep due to tiredness. The next day i was woken up by a hit in my cock. I
opened my eyes to see fully dressed jeya and anand.They pulled me down to the
floor and pissed over my mouth and asked me to drink. First jeya stretched her
legs apart and stood above me i couldnt even see her pussy due to the darkness
inside her dress but suddenly lots of piss rushed towards my mouth i had to
drink as it was my fate.Then anand opened his zip and pissed over my mouth and
then he masturbated over my mouth. Then i was given breakfast and we went to
school.That day she didnt give my underwear and i had to go to school with out
my underwear and just my pants.

&nbsp;

After the classes
were over. I had to go back in Jeya's car. While going jeya told she had a gift
for me waiting at home.I was thrilled. She didnt tell it until we reached
home.Once we went home she opened the door of a room where her daughter SUJA was
sitting waiting for me. I was amazed by her stunning beauty and structure. She
was an exact xerox copy of the indian actress and missworld AISHWARYA
RAI.Readers.. if u dont know her just search for aishwarya rai in some search
engine u ll mastrubate 10 times a day seeing her beauty.

&nbsp;

Jeya told
&quot;This is my daughter.She is still a virgin and had been craving to loose
her virginity to a young gay. So we called her from banglore to enjoy with u. U
can be alone with her in this room for 3 hours. After that it ll be a group
affair&quot;.Telling this she went out locking the door. I was in height of
mood to see this angel dressed in night dress. She stood up and came to me and
told that she is also a dominant woman like her mom. Telling this she came near
me and undressed me kissing each of my parts often and made me nude. Each of
her kisses sent a wave of heat through out my body. She then removed the lace
of her night dress and it fell down smoothly and she was in bra and panties. I
kissed her navel and licked it thoroughly. Then I licked her armpits
intentionally. Though i didnt like it in the past now licking the armpits of
the angel is a boon to me. She was 23 years old with all statistics same as
aishwarya rai.This room also had camera and everything was being recorded.

&nbsp;

I voluntarily
fell in her feet and licked her feet as the shape of her legs made me cum just
by watching them. I licked all dirt out of her feet.She then removed the bra
and panties herself. She was now nude and she went to bed. I also lay over her.
I licked her for 30 minutes without even leaving a single inch of her body. She
then pushed me to the bed and took my cock and started sucking it like a kid.
The scene of the angel sucking my cock and her long hair flowing over my
stomach made my cock rock hard. Shesucked for a long time. Then she lay flat
with her legs spread apart. She told me&quot;fuck me hard and make me
cry&quot;. I kept my 6&quot; cock in front of her pussy and inserted it with a
huge force in the same way anand fucked my ass the previous day.She shouted
&quot;ooohhhhhhhhhh.nooooo..&quot;Her cleanly shaved pussy gasped in the sudden
entry of my cock and let out some blood.I rammed her pussy and looked at the
beauty crying in pain and her voice made me even more mad.She clasped her legs
around my body tight.

&nbsp;

Then i made her
to be in doggy style. Then i kept my cock near her ass. She told &quot;do that
gently&quot; But i pushed it as usual. It was hard to enter. But some how i
made it inside and then took my pace her ass cheeks were damn smooth and
polished i licked throughout her back while fucking and pinched her nipples
atlast i came in her ass and we both fell on the bed. I just hugged her for the
whole 3 hours her beauty was haunting me. Atlast as the clock stroke 8 'o'
clock. Jeya entered in . She saw the bleeding pussy of suja. Suja told
&quot;This son of a bitch has fucked me brutally&quot; I was stunned by the was
she was talking.

&nbsp;

I was taken to
the kitchen i was made to stand on a table with the hands tied above on the
ceiling. Anand came behind me and started fucking the hell out of me. Jeya held
me in air by holding the legs surrounding her. Suja came with an iron nail and
inserted the tip of it in my cock tip. I knew what was about to happen. I
shouted to stop it.. But without hearing my words suja gave a blow to the nail
with her elbow the naile went inside tearing my cock leaving it in a bleeding
state. I was shouting like anything. Then suja held me in the air and jeya took
the stove lighter and asked anand to move aside and inserted the lighter in my
ass and then triggered it. As the fire spark came in my ass. I jumped in pain.
But suja was holding me and biting my nipples from the front. Then She took two
forks. She used one needle of the fork to insert in my cock and twisted it in
all directions and i was crying and jumping like hell. Jeya took the other fork
and inserted into my ass brutally and tore my anal skin brutally. Both my front
and back were bleeding.

&nbsp;

Then i was
untied. Then jeya told it was high time suja got some practice. Telling this
she tied suja that way. She asked me and anand to fuck from both directions. We
did so i fucked her pussy kissing her lips passionately all the time she was
jumping in pain as anand's cock was too large for her.She was going mad taking
double penetration at the same time. Then we both came in her. Then before
going to bed everyone pissed in my mouth. This time i did it with interest.
Especially i craved for suja's urine.

&nbsp;

The next day
morning i was woken up earlier. Jeya called me to the toilet and asked me to
clean her ass as she has shitted now only. I refused. But i heard suja
shouting. anand came from that room i saw suja was nude. Anand then pushed my
head into the toilet i shouted &quot;okkk i accept&quot; then i licked the shit
hanging over her asshole&quot;. I was not able to bear the smell. At that time
anand began to shit in the toilet. The whole room smelt bad. But i was made to
lick clean his asshole too. Then it was suja's turn. Again her beautiful body
made me to do it voluntarily. Then we went to school in jeya's car.

&nbsp;

In the evening
Jeya told we r not going home tonight. We are going to enjoy in the school
itself. I told&quot;the watchman will be there&quot; She told &quot;He knows
everything We r in a dealing&quot;. I asked what it was but she didnt tell it.I
was made nude and taken to the chemistry lab where she tied me to chains making
me lie on my stomach. The watchman was sitting near the door seeing everything.
Then she took out a candle and inserted in my ass and then she lighted it after
the whole candle went inside my ass i started to feel the pain in five minutes.
The hot wax was taking a huge toll out of me. I cried every minute as my ass
was under serious pain. Every drop of wax on my anal tract made me jump like
hell but jeya held me to the floor. Then she removed the wax sticking to my ass
with the help of a shart metal test tube holder which inflicted more pain on
me.

&nbsp;

Then she removed
the chains and she became nude. She then inserted my cock into the stove in
chemostry lab and lighted it and stopped it alternately again and again. My
cock couldnt bear the heat. I jerked for every move of hers. Then she bit my
cock with her sharp teeth and cooled it. Then she had a ride over me in her
pussy and ass. Atlast the watchman stood up and told it was his turn. I was
shocked. He pulled jeya by her hair and pushed her over a table where the
record notes were kept. The record notes fell down. He removed his dresses and
became nude.I was stunned to see his massive 12 inch and fat strong cock. Jeya
fell on the table. He lifted her legs over it. He then lay over her,spread her
legs and started fucking her like a fucking machine. I heard jeya shouting in
pain for the first time &quot;ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh.....nooooo..ur cock is tooo
looooonggggggg.. Its paining&quot; her hair hanging below the table and her
stiff boobs bouncing. He fucked very fast that they fell down from the table
while doing so but still he fucked her very hard.

&nbsp;

Then he shifted
his cock to her asshole during which she shouted&quot;Noooooooo.. dont do it in
my asssss..&quot; But before she completed he fucked her ass brutally.. Jeya
was trying to run away but he caught her by her hair and fucked her like
anything.At that time a surprising thing happened. Krishna veni my class
teacher entered the room with a night dress. She smiled at what was happening
to jeya. Then she took me to the next room. Krishna made me sit in a table. She
removed the night dress. I was surprised to see that she was not wearing any
inner wear. Her boobs hanging like papayas with pink nippleas and a pot like belly
and too asses like jack fruits. But her skin had no wrinkles and her legs were
hairless.Then she told &quot;why r u dumbstruck. I was also a slave for jeya
for one full week when my husband was not here. She and anand tore my asshole
like anything.&quot; Telling this she showed her ass.

&nbsp;

I was stunned to
see a large tunnel in her ass.Even my whole hand went inside freely. She
told&quot; Jeya inserted the cocunut piercing machine which is a sphere with
lots sharp needles around it into my ass hole piercing my anal tract. She
switched it on and the machine started to rotate and lots of blood ooozed out
of my ass i was shouting like anything.But she did it until it was a long way
in and it could go no more.&quot; I couldnt even think of it.

&nbsp;

She told &quot;ok
let us not waste time&quot; Telling this she sat over my stomach and started
sucking my cock and then she sat on my cock with her pussy over my cock and had
a good ride. I couldnt resist watching her boobs jumping like anything i held
her nipples and pinched them.� Atlast i
came. Then she pissed in my mouth which i drank eagerly. Then i licked her
belly and asshole. But throughout the time i heard huge cries by Jeya from the
neighbouring room.After some fucking we went there to see what was happening
there.

&nbsp;

We were greeted
by� huge cries &quot;Pleeeeaaaaase.. some
one save me from this monster.. &quot; There the watchman was holding her in a
table on her back. Her ass was lifted which he was fucking. He had a branch of
a tree in our school which was full of thorns he was inserting it in Jeya's
pussy. It was bleeding a lot in her pussy and the branch was also full of
blood. This continued for a long time.Jeya screamed like anything. Tears were
flowing down her eyes. Then he pulled her hair and took her out of the room.The
branch was still in her pussy. While going he twisted it often making her cry.
She was not even able to walk. We followed them. He took her to the toilet. He
shitted in the toilet. He didnt flush it. Instead he pushed Jeya's head into it
and asked her to eat it. But she refused. He kicked the thorny branch. And she
started shouting in pain.

&nbsp;

She then ate the
shit pieces one by one often vomitting them. Everytime she vomitted he kicked
the branch. He then made her to lick his ass. Then he took her to next toilet.
There already there was shit in liquid form. He took a jug and filled half with
the diarrheao or dysentry whatever it may be and made Jeya drink it. Jeya was
out of control.She shouted like hell and tried to runaway.But the branch did
not let her move. Her face was covered with all the liquid shit. He smiled and
then masturbated over her face. And went to take rest.

&nbsp;

Jeya then stood
up..She was not even able to walk.She limped and cleaned her body thoroughly
and went to car. She told that none of these things about the watchman should
be known to anand.SHe askd me to stay with krishna.&quot;krishna will drop u in
my home early morning&quot;.Telling this jeya drove away taking her dress but
she dint wear it. It was nude driving.

&nbsp;

Then me and
Krishna enjoyed a little when the watchman came again.He caught hold of
krishna. He took the branch and inserted a thorn in it in her nipples. Her
nipples started bleeding which he drank.THen he inserted his whole hand in her
ass and started pinching her anal tract..while biting her nipples. Krishna
shouted&quot;ohhhhhhh.noooo..please dont pinch..ahhhhh.ohhhhhhh&quot; and then
he started fucking her pussy brutally.The whole table was shaking. Then he came
to me and asked me to be in doggy position. He started fucking my ass. I
shouted due to the speed with which he was fucking. He suddenly stopped and
told &quot;If u shout one word i ll punish krishna for each word.&quot;

&nbsp;

Telling this he
started fucking again. But i tried to control shouting. At a point he pinched
my nipple whenn i shouted &quot;Oh noo....&quot; He stood up and took the
branch and broke it into two parts. One he pushed into her pussy and other in
her ass until both went inside. He spread her legs apart and started kicking
above her pussy brutally. She shouted for every kick as the thorn went in her pussy
skin. Then he lifted her ass up and put it down with great force so that the
thorns in her ass will hurt her skin.. She started crying''Noooooooooooo... Its
hurting'''''' Then he took a a long iron rod and inserted it in her pussy
tightly and stood on the table and lifted her and dropped her with great force
that the rod striked the ground which had the worst impact ever on the pussy.
Doing this he went out ordering her to come to toilet. I went to krishna. I
tried to take the rod but it was caught in her pussy. She cried a lot while
taking it out atlast i took it out and the two branches out which were covered
with blood.

&nbsp;

Then i helped her
walk to the toilet. He was ready with a jug of urine &quot;As u got a brutal
punishment u need not eat shit just drink this urine&quot; She drank it. And
then he asked us to go to Jeya's home. Krishna put on the nightwear and we went
in her car to Jeya's house. There Jeya was sleeping nude and suja was being
fucked by anand in the ass.

&nbsp;

Once anand saw us
he came to us and pulled the night dress off krishna and made her nude and
started biting her nipples as a mad man krishna fell on the floor and anand
crawled over her body and fucked her fast. Then he asked her to stay there and
went in and broughtsome viagra and went to the den near the house and made his
four dogs eat them. Then he pulled her by the hair and threw her into the den
and locked it. Krishna tried to resist but in vain. He came in and started what
was watching inside in a tv. The dogs bit the nipples of krishna. krishna was
shouting like anything.Suja came and sat near me nude and started watching the
video. Then two dogs started fucking her both entering her pussy in the same
time.One dog pissed over her whole body. Another dog shitted over her.

&nbsp;

Each dog fucked
her brutally.Suja pulled me suddenly to lie on the sofa and sat over me and
asked me to lick her ass and i did it with pleasure. Then anand went out. He
came in dragging krishna holding her hair. Then he told &quot;get ready for the
same punishment again&quot; telling this he went in took the coconut piercing
machine which krishna mentioned already. But this time krishna turned her back
to anand voluntarily.Jeya also woke up that time. The machine entered in her
ass krishna started shouting&quot;aaaarrrrrrrrgghhhhh...&quot; she gave a huge
yell. Anand pushed it until it was well inside and then took it out. 

&nbsp;

Then jeya turned
to me&quot;ok its ur turn But u ll get a different punishment U can go back to
ur home after that.&quot; Telling this she dragged me to the toilet and sat
over me and gave a devilish smile telling &quot;U remember what the watchman
did to me?&quot; Suddenly her asshole opened and a huge piece of shit came out
of the tunnel. I felt like vomiting. Anand came and held my head. A big piece
of turd came out of the hole slowly she pushed it hard until it broke down and
fell on my mouth. It was the worst smell i had ever felt.I vomitted.Anand
pushed the piece of shit in my mouth i vomitted again and again but he made me
lick the vomit also. Then anand shitted in the toilet.He dragged me to the
toilet seat. He pushed my head into the toilet i suffocated. He commanded me to
eat it. I had no other go but to eat them. Then krishna also came there.She had
a severe dysentry and i had to drink every drop of it. Then suja came and sat over
my mouth with a smile. I felt as though aishwarya rai was shitting over my
mouth.I gulped everything.

&nbsp;

Then Jeya told
&quot;u successfully passed our slave training u may take bath and go home
now.&quot; I got up and took bath and went home.Before going i kissed suja
passionately.... and then bid bye to them.

&nbsp;

Days went by.
These days i got a new feeling-INCEST. I started to feel erotic towards my
mom...� It will continue.....If u people
like the story. Please send in ur comments to dilip_sexist@rediffmail.com.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rajesh kumar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





