BDSM Library - Garage Sale




Garage Sale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What started out as an ordinary garage sale turns out to have interesting "items" for sale ... including Trine and her mom! Of course, Trine's best friend Christina plays her part. Ending courtesy of Ay-Wun!








 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  2
  2007-08-16T16:13:00Z
  2007-08-16T16:13:00Z
  10
  4679
  26674
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  222
  62
  31291
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






GARAGE SALE

&nbsp;

�Mo-om! You won�t
believe this! Linda is at the garage sale!!!�

Trine�s voice was
strained, she gasped for air after having run all the way from the Petersons
two hundred yards down the street. Sweat had formed on her neck and shoulders,
partly from the hot sun and partly from the running.

�So? She�s just
helping out with her parents� garage sale! What�s so strange about that?� asked
her mother. Mrs. Bremmer was doing the dishes. Since it was Saturday and she
and Trine�s father had stayed in bed while Trine and her brother ate breakfast,
she was only wearing a set of skimpy, white, silk underwear which clearly
showed the shape and color of her nipples and revealed a neatly shaved pussy
through the transparent front of the panties. Trine tried to ignore all this
while continuing.

�But� she�s not
just helping out! She�s �glp� FOR SALE!!!�

�Oh! You mean�?�

Mrs. Bremmer
looked at her daughter with big eyes and a curious smile.

�She�s standing
all naked, tied to a post in the driveway with a price written on her belly!�

Trine gasped for
air again. Her mother looked even more puzzled but also couldn�t help smile a
little. She knew how Jo, Linda�s mother and one of her own best friends, had
struggled to control her teenage daughter�s behavior lately. Seemed like Jo had
finally decided to end their fights once and for all.

�So, is Jo there
to negotiate with customers?� asked Trine�s mom matter of factly and leaned
towards the kitchen window to see if any people were moving up towards the
Peterson�s house. A few actually were walking in that direction.

�Ungh, not
exactly! She�s tied to a pole next to Linda and so are Linda�s cousin Ellen and
her aunt Eva!� sighed Trine and gulped down a glass of lemon juice.

�Hm! A real
family sale then! Well, we should go and have a look, shouldn�t we?�

�I know! Jo asked
me to tell you to hurry up if you wanted to see her off because they expected
quite a few customers around lunch!�

�Yes, we really
should hurry up!�

Mrs. Bremmer and
her daughter turned around. It was Trine�s dad who had just walked in from the
living room. He had overheard the girls� conversation and was wearing a big
smile too.

�Hello dear! Did
you know about this? Did Michael talk to you?� asked Mrs. Bremmer who knew this
was just the sort of thing Jo�s husband could have planned without talking to
Jo about it. 

�Well, let�s just
say Michael and I have touched on the concept a few times in the past!� grinned
Mr Bremmer and walked over to kiss his wife �Anyway, I promised him we wouldn�t
be much later so let�s get going!�

�One minute, hon!
I�ll just need to put a dress on first!� smiled Mrs Bremmer, but her husband
stopped her with a hand between her firm breasts, hidden behind the silky bra.

�No need! In
fact, you should leave your bra and panties here before we leave!�

Mrs Bremmer
stared wide eyed at her husband. Trine dropped her jaw. And Mr Bremmer just
poured a cup of coffee for him self.

�You� you are not
going to???� gasped his wife.

�Sure! Michael
and I arranged this weeks ago! You and Jo have been great wives and some good
fucks too but we just need a change of scenery now! I mean, I am not getting
any younger and it could be fun to start a new family again with someone fresh
and � well, you get the picture!�

�But� how about
Trine and her brother?�

Mrs Bremmer
almost squeezed a tear. She also knew the answer to that question almost before
she asked it.

�Oh, Trine is
going with you and Brent is moving to college next month anyway! Now quit
dragging and come along both of you!�

�DA-ad! No! I
don�t want to be sold! I�m only sixteen and�!�

But Trine was cut
off by her mother.

�Trine dear! It�s
okay! If we don�t do as he says he can take ud to the butcher right away!
That�s what most men do when they want a divorce! At least this way we have a
chance of a new life with our �eh� coming owners!�

�*Sigh* I guess!�

�Come on! Get
undressed and we�ll go and get it over with!� smiled her mother and tried to
encourage Trine a little. Mrs Bremmer quickly shed her underwear while Trine
reluctantly pulled her own clothes off. She was clean shaved like her mother
and almost a little relieved of that. Standing up there with a full bush would
have been slightly embarrassing. As soon as both girls were naked, Mr Bremmer
ushered them out of the front door and into the hot summer air. Trine looked at
her mother�s naked body. She had a great figure for a 35 year old, slim and
with nice, firm C-cup tits. Trine looked a lot like her mother, only of course
a bit firmer and with slightly smaller tits. Mrs Bremmer walked proudly after
her husband out of the driveway and into the street. She made no attempt to
cover herself up. Trine walked in small steps, trying to hide her nudity with a
hand across her chest and the other between her legs. She couldn�t believe this
was happening to her. In the next hours she would be exposed to potential
buyers and eventually sold off to the highest bid. The quiet suburban
neighborhood was surprisingly active for a Saturday morning. A few of their
neighbors greeted them over the hedges and few seemed surprised to see Trine
and her mother all naked. They had all heard what was going on at the
Petersons� garage sale and some said they were coming by later. Suddenly Mrs
Bremmer stopped.

�Hey! That�s Lucy
Wang and her daughter!� she said and pointed across the street where two naked
Asian women walked in the same direction �How many girls have you guys planned
to sell at this show?�

�Oh, not that
many!� laughed her husband and waved to Lucy�s hubby behind the girls �But once
we told the other guys many of them got inspired! If they all walk the talk we
could end up with as many as twenty or so!�

�But� what if you
can�t sell us all? I mean, this is not exactly a busy street with buyers
passing through all the time, is it?�

�No, but Thomas
from Hill�s Meat said he�d stop by in the afternoon and give us an offer on any
leftover meat!�

Mr Bremmer smiled
when he saw his wife�s jaw drop at the mention of Hill�s. He had often joked
about selling her there when they went to pick up meat for special occasions
and she had always asked him to stop making fun. Even though the sight of the
butchered bodies in the window and succulent cuts in the cooler excited her
somewhat, the thought of having her neck severed in the back room made her shiver
with fear.

�But don�t worry,
dear! We have put up a sign down by the main road so I am certain we will get
plenty of customers!�

Trine sighed
again. She didn�t want to end up at Hill�s either. Sometimes he even hung his
meat from gallows outside the store, just to attract customers. Trine had once
seen a girl she knew from school hang there, next to her own sister and aunt.
They had all kicked and danced for at least fifteen minutes before finally
going limb.

�Hello Liz,
dear!� smiled Michael as he greeted them outside his driveway. Mrs Bremmer
smiled politely back to him. Some thirty people whom Liz didn�t know were
browsing through old furniture and tables with typical garage sales items on
the front lawn. A few were also examining the four naked girls and women who
were tied to wooden posts in the ground next to two old sofas. Jo and her
daughter shared a post, as did Jo�s sister and her daughter. They had their
hands tied behind their backs and around the poles. Jo smiled and nodded at Liz
as they approached.

�Hi Jo! What a
mess, huh?� smiled Liz.

�Well, it�s not
too bad, actually!� corrected Jo who didn�t look at all uncomfortable with a
customer who felt her tits as they spoke �I mean, there are lots of interested
buyers and most talk about using us as slaves, not meat!�

�I see! Well,
that�s good, I guess!� said Liz. Just then they heard Michael and some middle
aged man agree on something behind them. The man paid Michael some money in
cash and started untying Jo�s sister.

�Michael, did you
sell Mary?� asked Jo. Liz looked in excitement as Jo�s sister was led to the
man�s waiting car in front of the house. She hardly had time to kiss her
daughter goodbye on the way.

�Sure did! Three
hundred in cash!� Michael looked very satisfied.

�Eh, did he say
what�?� asked Liz curious to know Mary�s fate.

�Yeah, some
barbecue tomorrow evening at a golf club! She�ll make a great roaster!� smiled
Michael. Liz and Jo both sank and looked at each other nervously. Meanwhile,
Trine had been tied at the free spot next to Linda�s cousin, a dark haired,
slim girl with small tits and a very shapely ass. On Liz� request she was tied
next to Jo and Linda so they could continue talking. The first few customers
began to examine Liz and compare the two ladies who were the same age. One lady
even asked who they themselves thought would recommend for an oven roast next
weekend. Not wanting to be unfair, Liz reluctantly suggested herself but the
lady eventually didn�t buy any of them. Liz looked over at Trine and the other girl.
They were being felt up by a couple of young men who openly discussed if they
should get one of them for a frat party the same night. Obviously, they meant
as part of the menu. While they discussed and took turns feeling the girls�
tits and cunts, a few other families from the street joined the scene. They all
brought more meat to the sale and soon enough they were eleven women and girls
standing tied to five posts on the lawn. The fat brothers quickly decided on
the big titted daughter of Karen and Patrick from across the street. The
eighteen year old blonde was carried away almost screaming and Liz saw how her
own daughter let out a sigh of relief.

�Wow, busy day
today!� commented Liz after another half hour of waiting in the ropes. Trine
was alone at her pole now after a young couple had bought Linda�s cousin to
keep as a house slave. Linda was kneeling down next to her mother and Liz and
was busy giving a sample blowjob to a guy who said he might buy her if she was
any good.

�Yeah, I�d say!�
smiled Jo. Her daughter coughed and spattered all over as the guy came in her
mouth. He agreed to pay two hundred dollars for her and Michael accepted
without much struggle.

�Uh Sir! I�m
sorry, I just wanted to ask you� what do you plan on doing with her? She�s my
daughter, you see!� smiled Jo as the man untied Linda from the pole.

�Oh, don�t you
worry ma�m! My wife and I just need some help around the house so she�ll take
care of cleaning and stuff! And the occasional fuck, of course! We might keep
her all year and wait to roast her until next spring! We usually keep a couple
of good meat girls as slaves all winter!�

�That�s nice!
Congratulations honey!� said Jo and let her daughter hug.

�Thanks mom! Hope
you get sold before Hill�s get here!� smiled Linda.

�So do I, dear!
Now take care and be a good slave, okay!�

�Sure mom!�
giggled Linda and followed her new owner to the car. His cum was still hanging
in small droplets from her chin.

Trine watched as
they left. She never got to talk to Linda. A woman was feeling Trine�s tits for
the fifth time and still couldn�t agree with her husband if they should buy her
for their summer barbecue next weekend. The man wanted one of the more mature
girls at the next pole. Suddenly, Trine�s face lit up in a smile. Out on the
path she saw her best friend, Christina, and Christina�s mother get out of a
car. They were both dressed and obviously not for sale. Christina walked right
up to Trine.

�Hey girlfriend!
I heard they had some nice meat for sale here today!� laughed Christina and
hugged Trine. It turned out Christina�s dad had passed by earlier and seen
Trine and Mrs Bremmer. 

�Yeah, if we�re
not sold in the next hour or so, Hill�s Meat will pick us up and butcher us for
parts!� sighed Trine.

�Hello Kay!�
smiled Liz when she saw Christina�s mother �What are you doing here?�

�Hi Liz!� sighed
Kay �Well, it�s a bit odd, I have to admit! You see, John saw you two here when
he passed by earlier and� uhm, he sent me here with a �shopping list!� �

�You mean�?�
giggled Liz. Kay nodded.

�I�m supposed to
buy you as his new slave, but that�s not all!�

�No?�

�No! He wants you
to �ulp� cook me for our garden party tomorrow afternoon!� sighed Kay �And
Christina, if we don�t get some more meat with us today!�

�What??? Let me
get this right! I will be John�s new slave and my first assignment is to cook
his own wife and daughter?� Liz stared in disbelief.

�That�s right!
Weird, isn�t it? But then, I�d rather be cooked by you than butchered for parts
somewhere! Besides, you�re a great cook, Liz!�

�Uh� thanks, I
guess! Does Christina know?�

�Indeed! She
actually proposed we buy Trine too so she wouldn�t have to be part of the menu
herself, but� well, would it bother you to cook Trine as well?�

�Oh my! My own
daughter!!!� gasped Liz and glanced over at Trine. She was talking to Christina
over by her own pole. �I guess it would be okay if Trine thinks so!�

�Christina!�
called Kay �Did you talk about it yet?�

�Sure mom! She�s
okay with it!� smiled Christina. Trine�s eyes met with her mother�s. She looked
a bit scared but nodded in agreement. Kay went over and talked to Mr Bremmer
who at first laughed at the absurdity of the situation but quickly agreed to
sell both Trine and her mother for three hundred dollars each.

�Well, enjoy your
new life as a slave, dear!� smiled Mr Bremmer and kissed his wife after Kay had
untied her from the pole �I might come by now and again to check up on how
you�re doing!�

�Thanks dear!
That would be nice!�

�And Trine, be
good and do as your mom tells you tomorrow! You know how good she is in a
kitchen so try to be cooperative when she prepares your meat, okay!�

�I will, dad!�
sniffed Trine and hugged her father for the last time. Just as they pulled out
from the curb they saw the truck from Hill�s Meat park behind them. The few
remaining meat girls at the pole let out a collective sigh. Their fate as
butchered meat was sealed!

&nbsp;

The arrival at
Kay and Christina�s house was weird to all parties. Liz, who had been there on
numerous occasions in the past, saw the place for the first time as her new
slave home. Trine imagined how she would be roasted and eaten in the garden in
less than 24 hours. Kay was immediately told by her husband, John, to strip
naked since �she was just meat from now on�, as John put it. And Christina, who
was very thrilled that she would not have to be part of the menu, ran to the
kitchen and pulled out the recipes she and her mother had discussed earlier in
the day.

�Now, just one
detail to make things formal!� smiled John when Kay was all naked too. Without
asking he just bent down and snapped the coin size metal tag off Kay�s pussy
lip ring in a single motion. This was Kay�s slave tag which she had worn since
five years ago when they had joined a slave owners ring. She immediately felt
naked without it.

�And there you
go!� smiled John as he clipped the tag onto Liz� gold nipple piercing �We�ll
get your pussy pierced another day so you can wear it down there instead!
Welcome, Slave Liz!�

�Thank you
Master!� replied Liz, quick to assume the role as sub. John looked pleased.

�Why don�t you
girls all go to the kitchen and decide how Liz is going to prepare Kay and
Trine tomorrow afternoon?� suggested John �I will let it be up to you, Liz! We
have one barbecue spit available and the oven and soup pots are also large
enough for girl preparation, if needed!�

�Yes Master, I
will make sure they are both delicious!� complied Liz and with that they all
left for the kitchen. Liz and Kay immediately sat down and began discussing
recipes. It turned out that Kay had a bit of a crush on oven roasting.
Meanwhile, Trine and Christina made a cup of tea.

�Isn�t it kind of
weird to have your mom� eh, kill you like this?� asked Christina and looked at
her naked friend.

�Yeah, I guess!
How do you think she�ll do it?� Trine looked at her mom and Kay behind them.
Her mother was feeling Kay�s large tits for meatiness.

�I guess roasting
would be obvious for your tight little body!� giggled Christina. She was a bit
plumber than Trine and had always envied her slim friend.

�That�s right!�
commented Liz as she overheard the girls �I�ve decided to oven roast Kay and
serve you over the barbecue, dear!�

�Oh�!� was all
Trine could say.

�Well, if you
don�t want to be roasted alive I can always have John chop your head off
first!� suggested her mother.

�No, I don�t
think so!� added Kay �John was pretty insistent that we be prepared alive, also
for the entertainment value at the party!�

�That�s okay,
mom! You can do me alive!� sighed Trine. In fact, she would have chosen that
anyway. At least this way she could live out the secret fantasy of experiencing
live spitting. She absolutely loved to see it when they had attended other girl
meat barbecues and while she didn�t like the thought of snuffing it, this would
be one of the best ways to go. Kay seemed very happy that she was going to be
oven roasted. She and Liz continued discussing basting techniques to keep her
alive as long as possible. The girls spent the rest if the afternoon out in the
sun. Christina, in her bikini, was the only one not entirely naked and Trine
found it a bit strange to have to stay in the nude during what seemed like just
another summer day. Still, she got used to it fairly quickly and Christina
wasn�t long to take off her top and stay topless. She did keep her panties on,
though.

�Oh, and John
likes you to deep throat too!� explained Kay to Liz while Trine overheard them.
The two were lying on sun beds next to each other and Kay was busy filling in
Liz on John�s needs, favorite foods and sexual preferences.

�Mm-hm, I know!�
giggled Liz �Remember last july at your party? He almost choked me!�

�Yeah, of course!
I forgot you were there! Anyway, he�s also into a bit of hanging games with our
friends but it rarely comes to anyone snuffing it! Just a bit of play!�

Just then, John
came out from the house. He had been shopping utensils for the following day�s
party and carried both rope and barbecue coals in his arms.

�Actually, Liz, I
could do with some relief!� he said and pulled down his pants �Why don�t you
show me your tongue skills?�

Trine was a bit
embarrassed when her mother just smiled, sat up on the bed and started sucking
John�s cock eagerly. She was quite good and took it all the way down ever so
often. Still, at some point John pulled out and looked over at Trine.

�Are you as good
as your mom at this!� he smiled. Liz was quick to react.

�Trine, come and
show my Master!� she demanded. Christina giggled as Trine reluctantly moved
over to sit next to her mother. She slowly started licking John�s dickhead and
tried as best as she could to take him in as deep as her mother just had.

�Aahh, nice! Real
good, meatgirl!� sighed John �Christina, why don�t you help her as well?�

Christina at
first hesitated but a look from her father made her comply. Liz moved away to
make room for Christina and soon enough she took turns with Trine licking her
dad�s cock. When he finally came he spurted his load all over the two young
girls� faces and into their open mouths. Behind Trine and Christina, they heard
the moaning of their mothers. Liz and Kay had taken the opportunity to have
some fun themselves and were locked in a 69 on a sun bed, licking frantically
at each others� shaven cunts. They seemed oblivious to what happened around
them.

�Christina, I want
you naked as well!� demanded John as he zipped up his pants again �And don�t
you be wearing anything until after the party tomorrow! There will be quite a
few important business partners there and I want you to look your best and do
what you can to service them too! That goes for you as well, Liz!�

Liz nodded from
her position on top of Kay, busy licking Kay�s dripping wet, future cunt steak.
Christina however squirmed in her seat.

�But dad, I�!� 

�No buts, or your
sweet little butt is on the menu as well!� she snapped and left them. Christina
sighed but swiftly rolled off her panties as well. Trine couldn�t help but
giggle a little and when she did, Christina slapped her naked butt hard. 

&nbsp;

That night the
girls didn�t get much sleep. Kay and Liz shared John�s bedroom and were kept
busy servicing him until very late. Trine even thought she heard some whipping
sounds through the wall into Christina�s bedroom next door. Christina and Trine
just lay in bed and talked about the party and what would happen. Christina was
growing increasingly uneasy since her father asked her to be naked and
available for service. 

�I wouldn�t
worry!� said Trine and tried to calm her friend down �I mean, your mom and I
will provide plenty of meat! All you have to do is fuck a few people, right?�

�I�m telling you:
my parents� friends are not exactly normal people! At the last barbecue someone
hosted my mom told me they snuffed some eight girls in various way, in addition
to the ones being served!�

�Oh! Well, I�ll
cross my finger for you� if I can on the spit!� smiled Trine. She had almost
completely accepted her fate by now. Finally, once the noise from the bedroom
next door had died out, the girls fell asleep. When they woke up it was way
past ten in the morning.

&nbsp;

�Hi mom! Anything
we can help with?� chirped Christina when the two girls had showered and came
down into the kitchen. Kay and Liz were busy cooking sauces and preparing
vegetables. Everyone was, of course, naked. Both Kay and Liz had red striped
across their bottoms and tits; testimony that the sounds from their bedroom
last night were indeed caused by whip lashes.

�Good morning
girls!� smiled Kay and kissed her daughter on the forehead �You can start by
greasing Trine up in the spicy oil over there! Liz wants both of us to wear it
for as long as possible before the cooking!�

Trine and
Christina nodded. They noticed how Kay�s body was already glistening from the
oil.

�Oh, and no
breakfast today for either of you!� smiled Liz as she gave them the bowl with
oil.

�But� only Trine
is cooking!� protested Christina.

�I know but your
father was quite insistent that you be ready in case we need more meat!� smiled
Liz �I offered to stand in but he said be wanted to keep me as a slave, while
you were more expendable! Sorry dear! Let�s hope it won�t be necessary!�

�*glp* Indeed!�
sighed Christina.

The girls went
outside on the patio to rub Trine�s body with the oil. While Christina worked
on Trine�s back side they watched John prepare the barbecue. Basically, it was
a small trench in the lawn filled with coals and a motorized spit stand three
feet above it. The girls didn�t fail to see the three ropes with loops hanging
ready from the big branch of the apple tree in the back of the garden.

�Hi girls!�
shouted Christina�s dad from under the tree with the ropes �Christina, come
here and give me a hand when you�re done rubbing Trine!�

�Uh, sure dad!�

Trine finished
her tits and tummy herself and walked with Christina over to the tree. John had
pulled on of the gallows down and was holding it in one hand. He smiled at
Christina.

�I need to test
these! Stick your head out and I�ll pull you up!� he said as casually as if he
had just asked her to pass him the salt at dinner. Christina gulped.

�Eh, it will only
be a short moment, right dad?� she said as he tightened the knot behind her
neck. John didn�t answer. Instead the just pulled down on the loose end of the
rope and lifted Christina off the ground in one swift move. She immediately
started kicking and dancing while groping for the rope with her free hands.
Only a whizzing sound escaped her throat.

�Stop gripping
the rope! You�ll just scratch your neck!� commanded her father. Christina tried
to let her hands down but they kept wanting to grab the rope. Eventually, John
lowered her again and freed her neck of the thick rope.

�Great! We�ll
need to tie your hands when we do this for real, though!� smiled John and
helped a coughing Christina stand again.

�For real? You
mean�?�

�Unless some of
the other guests donate a few girls we�ll need you to provide some
entertainment up here! Besides, you were a great kicker just now! Should be fun
to watch you snuff it in the ropes!�

�Y� yes dad!�
sighed Christina. Trine giggled and spread the oil a bit more evenly across her
belly. She hoped she could see this before she had to roast. The rest of the
morning passed quickly. Trine and Christina helped prepare welcome drinks and
Trine even helped Christina�s dad tending to the coals in the pit after he lit
them. She used a rake to turn them ever so often to ensure a good, even bed of
coals. The heat from the fire turned her on whenever a wind blew it in her
direction. Soon enough she would be grateful for those light winds cooling her
rotating body.

�Okay then! Kay,
I think we better get you mounted and in the oven if we want you ready by the
time the guests are hungry!� smiled Liz as they were all four gathered in the
kitchen at noon. John was tending to the coals outside the window.

�I guess!� sighed
Kay �Too bad I can�t welcome the guests but I guess that�s your role from now
on!�

�I�ll make sure
they are entertained!� replied Liz and turned on the big glass-door oven. It
was five feet tall inside and could accommodate a whole girl sitting upright.
The tray was rolled half-out. A metal spit, around two feet high, was mounted
in the middle of the tray. This was to stabilize the meat during roasting.

�Well, goodbye
dear and good luck today!� smiled Kay and kissed Christina goodbye. 

�Bye mom! I�m
sure you�ll be delicious!�

Liz helped her up
on the platform where she stood on her knees and let her cunt sink down over
the metal spit. Slowly and while moaning loud she sank all the way down until
the spit must have been well up into her tummy. Her big tits quivered and tears
ran involuntarily from her eyes. Liz tied her hands behind her back, then
rolled her into the heating oven.

�Bye now! I�ll
check with you in an hour and see if you need a basting!� smiled Liz. Kay
nodded silently before the door closed behind her. A lamp ensured that she was
fully visible behind the clear glass door. Sweat formed quickly on her body and
the oil began to run down her tits.

�Jeez, she
actually looks like she is enjoying this!� commented Christina. The two girls
stood and watched Kay starting to roast. Most of the time she had her eyes
closed and slowly humped the spit. Then sometimes she would open her eyes and
smile to Trine and Christina, forming words with her mouth.

�I think she�s
saying �I love you�!� giggled Trine. Christina knocked the glass and kissed it.
Her mother smiled again and closed her eyes. Her skin was beginning to brown up
a bit now. Outside in the garden, people had started to arrive at the party.
Most of the women and girls came naked and tagged with the same club slave tags
Liz had inherited from Kay. Trine and Christina were ordered out there to serve
drinks while Liz greeted the guests and explained about her role as John�s new
slave. Most were thrilled to hear that Kay would be part of dinner and also
commented Trine�s meat when she passed them.

�Trine, dear, I
think we should get you over the coals now!� smiled her mother suddenly while
she walked by with a tray of drinks. Trine sighed. She had so hoped she would
get to see Christina hang first.

�Oh, you should
do it out here!� suggested a female guest �It�s so great to see the young ones
during spitting! They tend to squirm a lot!�

�Sure!� smiled
Liz and went to get the carbon spit from the kitchen. Trine was quickly
surrounded by guests who helped tie her hands behind her back. Christina stood
next to her and held her tied hands. 

�There�s your mom
with the spit!� she whispered into Trine�s ear �Good luck!�

�Thanks! You
too!� smiled Trine. Her mother asked her to lean down over the garden table and
spread her legs.

�This is it,
dear! Are you ready?� asked Liz and positioned the spit behind her. The tip was
just touching Trine�s pussy lips.

�Y�yes mom!�
yelped Trine. Then Liz thrust the spit forward and up into Trine�s cunt. Trine
gasped and wriggled as her mother continued to push the pole through her body
and up her chest. The pain was almost too great to bear. After an excruciating
few seconds she felt the spit in her throat and before she knew it, it was out
through her mouth. The pain subsided somewhat and she found she could still
breathe okay. Someone tied her feet to the spit and then she felt herself being
lifted up and carried through the garden. Lots of people applauded her on the
way over to the coals. She saw Christina out of the corner of her eye, clapping
her hands and running along with the crowd. Then she was lowered down and the
heat hit her like a train at full speed. She was forever grateful when she felt
her mother starting to baste her with cool oil and turn the rotating device on.

�That�s it, dear!
Just relax and enjoy your last hour or so!� whispered her mother while leaning
in over her and basting her tits with the oily brush. Trine tried to nod with
her eyes. She was incredibly turned on. Her hips could still move and she tried
to slowly fuck the spit while hoping no one would notice. Most did, though!
Through the next hour Trine managed to stay conscious enough to see Kay served
on a table next to the pit. She also saw, though from a distance, how three
guest ladies were hanged in the gallows and just before Trine passed away
entirely she thought she caught a glimpse of Christina being heaved up in the
air next to two other teenage girls. She only regretted not standing under her
and enjoy the sight of her old friend fighting for breath, putting on a great
show, as she knew Christina could.

&nbsp;

One moment Trine
was glimpsing her friend being hoisted, thinking that, the next she was face to
face with her.� Startled, she
recoiled.� Christina must have been
shocked as well, for she too jerked back.�
Then Trine saw something she'd never heard of happening before.� Christina had kicked so hard to make that
rebound that she swung back forward so far in her return, that her crotch hit
Fran, the girl hanging next to her who Trine recognized as new to her high
school.� Her legs instinctively wrapped
around this fortuitous gripping point and hung on for dear life, using the
other girl's waist as leverage to lift the gripping weight of her body a little
from the noose around her neck. This, of course, put that weight onto Fran,
whose noose grew much tighter.

&nbsp;

&quot;Go for it
baby!&quot; Trine suddenly heard in her ear, actually in her mind.� She turned and there was the misty image of
Christina's mom, Kay.

&nbsp;

&quot;Oh!� We're ghosts!&quot; she realized, looking
down at her own misty, nude form.

&nbsp;

At that moment
poor Fran went totally limp, and with a clear loser, all the other ropes were
released.� But, Christina's trial didn't
end with that.� Not only were her legs
still locked in a death grip around Fran that later it took four men to pry
loose but, the second her noose was loosened and she gasped for air, Trines
dad, Mr. Bremmer,was shoving his huge cock all the way down her throat and
pumping away.� By the time he came, and
pulled out, her her cum coated tongue just lolled out of her still, blue face.

&nbsp;

&quot;Aw, I had
my heart set on her replacing Liz!�
Better get her into your freezer John!&quot; he sighed

�







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





