BDSM Library - That's all you get !




That's all you get !
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man falls for attractive woman, becomes increasingly dominated and cuckolded by her and her lover.







"That's all you get!" Part 1

I knew Amber was conceited when we first started going out, and to be honest it kinda turned me on.&nbsp; She certainly had reason to be, since she was one of the most beautiful women I'd even seen, and it made sense that she was aware of her own physical attractiveness.&nbsp; I'm not the handsomest guy in the world to say the least, and I was initially confused but thrilled when Amber agreed to let me take her out to dinner and a show.&nbsp; I was even more shocked when she agreed to go out on follow-up dates with me, since I didn't have all kinds of money to spend on taking her out to expensive places and things like that, but I gradually came to understand that maybe Amber went out with me because I was totally accepting of wherever she wanted to go and whatever she wanted me to do - or not do!

We had been going out for months before I even attempted to kiss her, and her reaction made it clear that, like everything else, we would kiss only when and if SHE wanted us to.&nbsp; I went along with her desires in this as in everything else, but was so horny from being in her presence that I would always rush home to masturbate to thoughts of making love to the sexy goddess I'd just left.&nbsp; In fact, I would often jerk off in the men's room during our dates just to relieve the frustration, until one evening Amber started questioning me.

"So tell me, Johnny boy, if you're not going out with other women as you claim, how are you taking care of your sexual needs?&nbsp; And I want the absolute truth from you, understand?" Amber said as she confronted me one evening.&nbsp; I stuttered and stammered at first, but quickly broke down and confessed that I masturbated to thoughts of her.&nbsp; Probing me for details, I admitted to pleasuring myself frequently day and night to her mental image, and I was startled at her reaction.&nbsp; SLAP!&nbsp; From the force of the blow I knew Ambers' handprint was emblazoned across my cheek and I started to stagger backwards only to be pulled up short by her fist grabbing the front of my shirt.&nbsp; 

"How dare you!&nbsp; That is an insult to my spiritual energy, and I thought you really cared for me, oh boo-hoo-hoo!" Amber exclaimed as she began sobbing, and I felt awful as I apologized and swore to never do it again.&nbsp; Well, that stopped her sobbing but she knew I'd never be able to stick to my promise, and to be honest I knew it as well.&nbsp; The solution she came up with was a chastity device I could be locked into, with release only under her strict control and authority.&nbsp; I was so eager to make amends to Amber that I agreed at once, and when she produced a plastic device of tubes and connections from her bag that she called her trusty CB3000 I was stunned.&nbsp; Since it was made of a strong polymer plastic it wouldn't set off any metal detectors so I wouldn't have to take it off, and it was secured with strong plastic ties that once tightened could not be removed but had to be cut off.&nbsp; Because each of the ties was embossed with a number and letter Amber would know if I cut off one of the ties to release my cock and then secured it again with another tie afterwards.

As I lowered my pants at Ambers' instruction my cock sprang out in front of me, all five eager inches!&nbsp; "Aww, look, Johnny boy is so eager and anxious" Amber said in a playful voice, and when she cupped my balls in her palm I almost swooned in ecstacy!&nbsp; Thinking Amber was going to at least give me a hand-job before she locked up my manhood and maybe even a real fuck, I was grinning like a buffoon when Ambers' hand suddenly tightened forcefully around my bulging balls - Aaargh!&nbsp; If Amber wasn't still holding onto my scrotum I would have collapsed onto the floor at her feet, and as I hung there in agony I saw my penis shrivel like a dead flower.&nbsp; "Sorry Johnnie, but your new "undergarment" would never have fitted over your 'massive' manhood if I didn't bring you 'down to size' like that, hee hee!" Amber joked as she strapped the chastity belt onto me.

That was the beginning of my enforced chastity, or celibacy actually, but my relationship with Amber became much better from that point on.&nbsp; Amber became noticeably more relaxed and comfortable around me, even more affectionate as well, and I grit my sexually frustrated teeth and resolved to use all my willpower to wait until the time when Amber would release me from my chastised imprisonment so that we could consummate our affections.&nbsp; Then Joshua came into the picture.

Amber got upset when I asked her questions about her personal life, so I learned not to ask and just accept that I'd find out anything I needed to know when Amber decided to tell me.&nbsp; My whole life was an open book to Amber, on the other hand, and I obediently answered any questions and told Amber answers to any concerns she had of me.&nbsp; Then one evening while I was massaging Amber's feet as she relaxed with a glass of wine and listened to some classical music, I was shocked to hear a phone conversation she had with some guy named Joshua when he called.

"Hi, lover!" she said,&nbsp; "It's so sweet of you to call, I was just relaxing with some wine and good music and a nice foot massage while I was remembering how great your cock felt last evening, and last night, and this morning, and again this morning, hee hee hee!" Amber giggled into the receiver.&nbsp; I felt my face turn deep red as I blushed while I continued Amber's foot massage on autopilot.&nbsp; When the call finally ended I stopped the massage and when Amber looked at me questioningly I said "Amber, how could you?"&nbsp; As I saw her expression go from a questioning one to anger I knew I'd made a terrible mistake.&nbsp; Sure enough, Amber sat up and verbally tore me to shreds as she said there was no way she was going to be punished and deprived of having her sexual needs satisfied just because of my inability to control my immature, selfish sexual perversions.&nbsp; Manipulating me expertly, Amber expressed her sadness that I wasn't willing to let go of my selfish desires, adding that she was just getting ready to advance me to a new level of intimacy by allowing me to sexually pleasure her orally.

Beside myself with regrets, I apologized profusely as I begged Amber to forgive me, and she used my sincere desire to make amends to her to draw me into her control even more as I was ordered to get a beeper so I would be "on call" for whenever she needed me.&nbsp; "You never know when I might have a need for an obedient tongue between my legs to please me, and you DO want to please me Johnny, don't you?" Amber asked me with a smile, and I smiled back as I assured her eagerly that I did, adding that I would love to make love to her in every way and any way, whenever she wanted.&nbsp; Her smile was abruptly replaced with a frown as she cruelly said that Joshs' cock makes mine look like a peanut and that I could never hold a candle to the ability Josh had to satisfy her sexually, adding that my mouth would be the only way I would be permitted to please her sexually.&nbsp; Looking me square in the eye, Amber seemed to dare me to object, and when I looked down in surrender to her wishes she laughed as she exclaimed triumphantly "ha ha ha, that's right, that's all you get!"

I guess I tend to be overly optimistic at times or maybe it was just wishful thinking, but I really hoped that if I went along with Amber's desires she would gradually see my devotion to her and our compatibility as she'd allow me more and more intimacy.&nbsp; That did not turn out to be the reality, though, and it seemed as if I was slowly sinking in a pool of emasculating quicksand.&nbsp; One degrading experience seemed to follow and build on the next, but there never seemed a point in time when I felt able to save myself!&nbsp; 











"That's all you get!" Part 2

There are some incidents that I recall in particular, and I guess it will help for me to get some clarity on my situation by describing what happened, and what led to today.

My dates with Amber all but stopped despite my offers to take her out wherever she wanted to go, and she not only made it clear that she was going out with this Joshua character but actually started telling me details of their dates!&nbsp; It made me terribly uncomfortable and I felt more like her girlfriend than boyfriend, but Amber said she appreciated being able to share these intimate details with me and I was too afraid to displease her by expressing my discomfort.&nbsp; I guess Amber picked up on my devotion and submissive feelings towards her, and one day when she was talking about how she spent most of the previous weekend with Joshua barely getting out of bed as she described all the hot sex they had I couldn't suppress my cringing expression of agonizing longing and desire for her.&nbsp; "Hey, what's with that look?&nbsp; I thought you said your only desire is my happiness and pleasure, but when I share with you my intimate memories you look like you're in pain!"&nbsp; I quickly apologized and made some excuse about a toothache, relieved when Amber sat back with a smile, but then she looked like she had a thought and said&nbsp; "Hey, y'know what?&nbsp; I was just thinking, we don't seem to have as much time to see each other as we used to, and I just thought of a way to fix that!"

My heart leapt with joy at first, but as Amber continued with her "idea" my soul filled with despair.&nbsp; "So y'know Johnny, like I was sayin', Josh is like the hottest stud I've ever been with and when we get alone it's just like sex heaven, I mean totally, but we're both so into each other we don't seem to get much else done and like completely lose track of the time.&nbsp; Yeah, an' I do miss seeing your sweet face too, Johnny boy, especially between my thighs, hee hee hee!&nbsp; So the solution I just came up with is for you to be our little manservant, y'know, just do things for us that we're too 'busy' to do, ha ha ha, if ya know what I mean.&nbsp; Yup, and you can do our cleanin' and laundry an' shit like that when you're not getting or doing things for us directly.&nbsp; Whad'dya think, Johnny, it would really be a big help and we'd get to see each other more often, Huh?"

This was incredible!&nbsp; Amber actually was actually wanting me to become a servant to her and her lover Joshua, with no talk or promise of any benefit to me, sexual or otherwise, beyond the chance to see her more often and help her with her chores.&nbsp; I was about to confront Amber with the unfairness of the situation she was proposing when she went on to say how grateful she was to have come up with her idea, and how lucky she was to have me for a friend.&nbsp; Again, I was about to say that I wanted to be much more than a friend, but reconsidered as I could tell from her tone that my best approach to have any hope of salvaging our relationship would be to go along with her plans of serving for her pleasure and benefit.&nbsp; I told myself this Joshua guy would probably be gone soon, and then I would be in the perfect spot to develop more intimacy into our relationship.

Yes, I felt more and more sure of the wisdom of going along with Ambers' desires for me to serve as I thought long-term, and inside I just knew that when Amber was hurt or mistreated by Joshua as would probably be the case, I'd be there as the loving, caring partner she really wanted!&nbsp; "Wow Johnny, just talkin' about that hunk of man Josh has got me all worked up, y'know?&nbsp; C'mon, get your face on my seat cushion, face up, before I cream right through my&nbsp; pants!" Amber exclaimed as she jumped up and peeled her tight faded blue jeans off.&nbsp; My heart raced with excitement as I obeyed eagerly, and when Amber sat heavily on my upturned face my tongue gently bathed her sweet pussy.&nbsp; In no time she was exploding in multiple orgasms, but when I tried to work my way up Amber stopped my progress with a palm on the top of my head holding me down at her crotch.&nbsp; "Nu-uh Johnny boy, that's all you get!" and as I obediently lowered my face back down I heard her giggle as she tousled my hair with her fingers as she said "that's a good Johnny boy, better behave yourself if you expect to have Josh accept your presence - and he better!" as she ended her statement with a threatening tone.


The cruel chastity device that Amber put on me not only prevented me from having sex or an orgasm, it was incredibly painful whenever I started to get an erection.&nbsp; So I guess my body and mind learned from the hurting experiences quickly, because in no time it seemed like I'd lost my ability to have an erection and I seemed to enter a new, deeper level of frustration and agony as I tried to cope with my unrequited desires for the Goddess Amber had become in my frequent fantasies.&nbsp; 

I had been cleaning Ambers' place and doing her shopping and other errands which weren't so bad, but when she started having me do things for Joshua like pick up his cleaning and clean his place, his car, run errands for him, etc. it was all I could do to control myself and not protest.&nbsp; Whenever I gave the least little sign of discomfort, though, Amber would make some comment like "ooooh, you are such a blessing!" and I would swell with pride as I repressed my frustration.

Then we seemed to go through a period of weeks without me even being given the chance to worship and pleasure Amber orally, so when Amber said she wanted me to make dinner for her one evening at her place because she felt like spending some time home I eagerly agreed.&nbsp; "Thanks Johnny, make that health special Artichoke Spaghetti with Wheatballs Marinara dish that's so delicious, I told Joshua about it and I'm dying to have him taste it!"&nbsp; When I joked that with her appetite and mine there may not be much left for him Amber turned and looked at me with an expression of genuine shock.&nbsp; "What are you talking about, little Johnny, the dinner's for me and Josh, you'll be the cook and waiter and YOU'LL be the one eating the leftovers!"

Then Amber started making comments about how maybe I couldn't handle the type of relationship we had and perhaps we should just not see each other at all anymore, and I backtracked quickly as I assured Amber I was willing to do whatever would make her happy.&nbsp; Seeing her beautiful smile cross her lips once again eased my fears, and I rushed to finish scrubbing her bathroom floor tiles so I could get everything needed for the dinner.

Before Joshua arrived Amber sat me down and explained that he had expressed some misgivings when she'd told him about her relationship with me.&nbsp; "Now you and I both know you're no competition for him since I've already described his magnificent endowment and technique, but you know how these "macho" guys are.&nbsp; So like, I figured if you wore a frilly apron and curtseyed every time you entered and left the room it would reassure Josh that "little Johnny" is no competition for him!"

I was appalled at hearing Ambers' words and it must have shown on my facial expression because Amber got this pouty look on her face and whined "oh come on Johnny, it will make me so happy."&nbsp; What could I say?&nbsp; As soon as I agreed Amber went right back into her no-nonsense mode and hustled me off to be sure everything was spotless and the meal would be perfect.&nbsp; My instructions were to speak only when spoken to, be very deferential and refer to her as Miss Amber,&nbsp; His title would be Master Joshua!

The evening was a big success for Amber, but pure torture for me as I felt like one of those eunuch slaves from the olden days. From being their waiter presenting the different courses in silent servitude to standing respectfully, towel draped over my arm and wearing that stupid apron as I stood ready to refill a wine glass or remove their plates when they finished (with a feminine curtsey that always brought out a giggle from Amber and a derisive snort from Josh), I was the perfect servant on the outside as I writhed in agony on the inside.&nbsp; When they retired to the living room love seat I quickly cleared the table so I could continue to fulfill my role as servant only there for Amber's pleasure (which she had repeatedly explained to me meant Joshuas' as well), and approached them as they reclined on the love seat in front of the entertainment center.

My heart ached in jealous jags of pain as I saw Amber curled into a contented ball nestled in the strong arms and massive chest of Joshua as they formed a "spooning" cuddle.&nbsp; Determined to play my part for the benefit and enjoyment of Amber, I affected a slight british accent as I spoke to them: "I hope the meal was satisfactory and acceptable to the Master and Miss's tastes, and I've prepared some pastries and coffee if it please the Master and Miss?"

Expecting some appreciation for my efforts to entertain and amuse them, I was surprised when they spoke to each other and referred to me in the third person: "you see Josh, I told you he is nothing for you to worry about.&nbsp; The only reason I have him around is for convenience - and amusement, hee hee hee!" Amber said as she nuzzled into Josh's hairy armpit.&nbsp; I stood there before them holding the tray with the cookies and coffee feeling like an absolute fool even as I struggled to maintain my outward appearance of docility, managing a weak smile as Josh looked up at me and chuckled.&nbsp; "He is obedient, but he's also pretty much of a dimwit, isn't he, babe?"&nbsp; Then he snapped his fingers authoritatively as he looked up at me with a sneer and said "yo' douchebag, get down here on your knees in front of us so we can reach the stuff, d'uh?" as they both giggled.

Too ashamed to meet their eyes, I kept mine lowered as I knelt down before them and held out the tray with the coffee and cookies, but quickly realized they had lost interest in me altogether as they kissed and spoke in intimate whispers while they enjoyed the coffee and pastries offered on my tray as I became their human coffee table!














"That's all you get!" Part 3



It was hard to believe that this was the same Amber that I had come to
adore and cherish. When she remarked to Josh in an offhand manner
that I meant nothing to her and that she only kept me around as a
convenience, it was like she had plunged a dagger deep into my heart!
I felt my eyes well up with tears and said to myself that she had
said that just to calm Josh's jealousy, even as I struggled to keep my
arms holding the tray steady for their convenience.

"Look at the wimp, he can't even hold a serving tray steady!" Josh
commented to Amber as he motioned towards me with his chin, and she
giggled as she noticed my trembling hands. They had just come out of
an extended session of serious smooching, and the weight of the tray
was becoming more and more unbearable as the strain on my outstretched
arms increased. "You spill that coffee and I'm gonna kick your ass,
wimp, and don't think I won't do it!" he continued, and I felt my
tears well up as I wallowed in feelings of self pity and shame, not to
mention fear!&nbsp; This young stud would probably enjoy beating me up in front 
of Amber, and I grit my teeth as I tried to block out the pain in my arms.

With my hands becoming numb with agony I was slowly lowering my body
towards the floor as I dreaded the approaching moment&nbsp; the remaining 
strength in my arms would give out, when Amber suddenly spoke. "Hey, I
know what we can do with this weakling - put the tray down and get on all
fours, douchebag!" While I did as Amber had ordered I got in a few
quick rubs to my wrists and arms as I tried to bring some feeling back
into them, and then I was on my hands and knees in front of them as I
hung my head in shame and to hide my flowing tears. Just as I had
feared, Amber placed the tray on my upper back and flourished her arms
out to present her solution: "problem solved!"

Oh great, I thought, my arms were relieved but now I had become
nothing more than a piece of furniture for their casual convenience,
as well as an unwilling witness to their carnal contusions. Thinking
things couldn't get any worse, I was quickly proven wrong as Josh
raised his legs and rested them on my lower back as he said "yeah, a
servin' table....and a footstool too!" Through the corner of my eye I
saw Amber hug Josh tightly as she commented on how he was such a
"real" man and how she was so turned on by his dominant attitude, to
which he chuckled and said "yeah, ya like that, eh babe? Well, maybe
later on I'll smack the wimp around some, get you all worked up for
some hot lovemakin', heh heh heh!" Oh no, I prayed he wasn't serious,
I wouldn't have a chance against this musclebound brute!

I lost track of time as I knelt there on my hands and knees, too
afraid and ashamed to look over at Amber and Josh on the loveseat
beside me, but from the sounds I could tell some hot and heavy stuff
was going on. Finally Josh jumped up and lifted Amber in his arms as
she screamed with mock terror and delight. They were both obviously
raring for some "bedroom action", and as Josh walked away from me and
towards the bedroom I couldn't help but admire his naked muscular form
as he carried Amber in his arms effortlessly. Suddenly her glowing
face popped over his shoulder and she looked back at me as she spoke:
"come along, little douchie, ha ha ha, after you take that serving
tray off your back. Then you can kneel by the bedroom door and listen
to the sounds of a "real" man giving me the loving I need, and wait
until you hear our command to go make us some nice, fresh coffee to
have with those pastries!"

Amber was emasculating me terribly, but I still hoped she'd lose
interest in this big brute when he mistreated her or ditched her for
his next conquest as these super jocks often do. Yeah, and then I'd
be there, understanding, gentle Johnny, and when she saw how caring
and forgiving I could be I would finally have my dream goddess! I
reached back and took the tray off my back and started to get up to go
kneel by the bedroom door when suddenly Amber's voice rang out:
"crawl, douchebag, don't forget your place, hee hee!" to which Josh
added "don't worry babe, later on I'll give him a painful reminder so
he'll always remember his status, and it'll provide some free
entertainment for you, hah!"


Shaking my head in wonder and self-condemnation, I reflected on my situation as I continued to remain on all fours with my ear obediently pressed to the bedroom door.&nbsp; Even without seeing the action I could tell from the sounds and comments that Amber was getting royally and repeatedly fucked by Josh, and that she was loving it!&nbsp; I knew some of the things said were for my benefit because they knew I was listening outside the door as they'd ordered, and once Amber even called out a denigrating demand:&nbsp; "bark like a dog and beg to come in, Johnny boy, hee hee hee!" and my face burned red with shame as I obeyed to the laughter of them both as she denied me entrance.

Finally they settled down in there, and then I overheard that Josh had to leave because of an early appointment he had the next day.&nbsp; Amber was disappointed as I heard her try to get him to stay, and I hoped that after he'd gone I might have my chance to show her how much more considerate of her feelings I was.&nbsp; Lost in these dreams, I was caught off guard when the door suddenly opened and almost fell into the room.&nbsp; "C'mon babe, can't you stay a little longer?" Amber asked Josh who was dressed in his street clothes as they spoke without even paying attention to me at their feet.&nbsp; "Sorry doll, gotta fly!&nbsp; Here though, you should enjoy this!" Josh said to Amber as he raised one of his feet up until it was level with my face and then pivoted his ankle so that his sole was staring me right in the face.&nbsp; "Yo' wimp, you see what it says on my sole?&nbsp; It says 'wimps, place lips here', well do it, right on that spot!"

I panicked as I searched frantically the whole area of his sole without seeing any words like what Josh had described.&nbsp; Bringing my face closer to his raised sole as I continued to scan the surface with my head inches from the bottom of his shoe, suddenly it was like there was a tremendous explosion - POW! Josh had kicked me right in the face, smashing his sole into my features, and I flew backwards from the force of his kick.&nbsp; My head swam as I slowly lifted myself off the floor and rubbed my bruised face as I heard Amber laughing loudly.&nbsp; "Oh yeah, that's on my other shoe soles, but ya shoulda done it anyway, wimp!" Josh said with a chuckle as Amber hugged him admiringly.

After seeing Josh to the door Amber returned to where I was, still on the floor nursing my bruised face.&nbsp; "Chop chop Johnny boy, go get yourself cleaned and washed up and get back in the bedroom pronto, after that passionate pounding Josh gave me I'm really ready for some of your gentle lovin', laddie!" she joked, and giggled when I jumped up and raced into the bathroom to comply.&nbsp; As I scrubbed my face I gingerly massaged my bruised features but smiled as I gazed at my face in the mirror, thinking that now it was my turn to pleasure Amber and how I'd make her realize that my tender touch is what she really wants.

When I returned to the bedroom, however, Amber was lying contentedly, back against the headboard and her legs opened wide to display her exposed cunt and the creamy evidence of her time with Josh providing a thick coating over her vaginal bush.&nbsp; I was speechless as I slowly approached he bed, and finally murmured something about how it now was her turn to get cleaned up.&nbsp; "Sure is, so get busy, douche bag, hee hee hee!" Amber said as she beckoned me with one finger and pointed down to her crotch with her other hand.&nbsp; At first I thought she had to be kidding and was about to make a humorous comment in reply, but then I saw her attention go to the TV listings sheet she was holding as she picked up the remote control and I knew she was serious!

Deciding that it was a no-win situation to try and talk Amber out of wanting me to perform oral sex on her as I usually did, even though she had just finished enjoying a hot session of sex with Josh that undoubtably left his jism deposits deep within her precious pussy, I resigned myself to the task as I consoled myself with the thought that this would certainly show my devotion and dedication to her pleasure.&nbsp; As I began lapping and lovingly licking her labia, Amber sighed contentedly and threw the covers over her lower body burying me beneath them and then lifted them up to speak:&nbsp; "that's a good douche bag, make sure you get it all and try not to make any noise, there's a movie I wanna watch, k?&nbsp; Listen up, douche, if I smack you on the top of your head that means softer,&nbsp; my fist balled in your hair means suck harder, and if I pinch your nose hard it means I wanna feel you screaming into my cunt, ha ha ha.&nbsp; Now get busy!"&nbsp; I felt so disappointed I almost blurted out how I had hoped for so much more and how I felt I'd puke if she forced me to eat Josh's jism from her pussy, but I realized her response would be the sadly familiar one that left me resigned to whatever meager measure of intimacy she allowed: "that's all you get!"












Part 4

As ashamed as I am to admit it, I did indeed orally service Ambers' precious pussy as per her command, lapping and sucking until all of Josh's copious come had been cleaned from her creamy cunny and into my gagging gullet.&nbsp; Finally, with their co-mingled sex juices licked clean and swallowed, I tried to make some moves to work my way up Ambers' body.&nbsp; I felt I was due a reward for all my dedicated service, and was ready to ask Amber if I could go wash my face so we could enjoy some time together when her palm suddenly slapped down on top of my head to keep me at the level of her waist.

"Whoa there Johnny boy, where do you think you're going?"&nbsp; When I explained my hopes for some intimate time together with her, Amber laughed as she looked down at my glistening face before she spoke: "Listen up, douche bag, you just fulfilled your function, and that's the closest you'll be getting to any kind of intimacy with me, ha ha ha!&nbsp; I get my lovin' from a real man like Josh, a douche bag like you should be grateful to perform the function your nickname implies, and thank me for the privilege because that's all you'll get!"

Just then the phone rang, and as she answered it I reflected on the sad reality reflected in Ambers' comments, wallowing in self-pity as I mentally moaned that things couldn't get any worse for me.&nbsp; As if to prove me wrong, I became aware from Amber's side of the phone conversation that it was Josh calling to say he had left his travel pouch that had some stuff in it he needed.&nbsp; "No prob honey, I'll send the wimp over to your place with it on the double.&nbsp; He just finished eatin' out all of your super spunk from my cunny anyway so he should be all charged up and raring to go, ha ha!"

After Amber hung up I remembered that my car was in the shop and when she mentioned that Josh lived across town I explained that my lack of transportation meant that he'd have to wait until the next day when I picked up my car from the shop.&nbsp; "No way, loser, he said he needs it for the morning so I told Josh I'm sending you over with his travel bag, and you're going!&nbsp; I'd make you walk but that'd take too long and Josh said he's going to bed soon, so you can use my bike, it's in the hallway.&nbsp; Now move!" she said as she gave me a slip of paper with Josh's address along with the travel pouch, and a shove.

My past experience with Amber taught me well enough to recognize that when she got assertive like this I knew better than to try to argue with her, so just I rushed to put my jacket on and hustled out the door.&nbsp; When I got in the hall, however, my heart sank as I saw her bright pink woman's bike with frilly tassles coming from the handlebars.&nbsp; Realizing my embarrassment wouldn't matter to Amber, I hoped that it was late enough that no one would see me riding this effeminate bicycle as I wheeled it out the door.

Pedaling as fast as I could, I was relieved when I finally got to the address on the paper Amber had given me and rang the house bell.&nbsp; When no one came to the door after a minute or so I rang the bell again as I started to panic.&nbsp; I knew I had the right address, I even saw the Joshua first name on the mailbox nameplate, and I shuddered in fear as I feared he might have already gone to sleep.&nbsp; I knew that he would have heard the bell the previous times I rang it if he were awake, and I didn't doubt for a minute that Josh would really kick my ass if I kept ringing the bell until I woke him up.&nbsp; Amber had said that Josh mentioned he needed something from his forgotten bag for the morning, so with a sad sense of resignation I got down on my hands and knees and laid down on his front doorstep.

With a sad sense of self-deprecation I reflected on how appropriate my position was as I curled up on the front doormat to await Master Josh's departure so that I could fulfill my mission and give him his travel pouch, wondering what valuable thing could be inside that was so important to Josh that he needed it brought right over like this.&nbsp; I got practically no sleep in the cold night air, and it was just after daylight when the door suddenly swung open and I looked up at Joshs' angry face.

"Heh!&nbsp; Good thing you're here, wimp, but you should'a been here last night before I went to bed, jackass!" Josh said as he reached down and snatched his overnight pouch from me.&nbsp; Opening it, he reached in and pulled out a pack of cigarettes and his lighter.&nbsp; "Yeah, call me superstitious but I always think it's good luck to use my souvenir lighter to light my first cigarette of the day!" he said as he pulled out a cigarette and lit it.&nbsp; Well!&nbsp; I wouldn't call him superstitious, but I could think of numerous other things I could call the inconsiderate, selfish, conceited, self-centered, thoughtless jerk that he was!

Seeing my disheveled condition, I thought Josh would at least have the decency to let me come in to wash up after spending the night on his doorstep, but with his typical thoughtless arrogance he simply told me to get lost without even a thank you.&nbsp; As I pedaled back to Ambers' place I became a rolling joke for all the school kids on their way to school, and I just lowered my head and rode on as I tried to block out the jeers and insults.&nbsp; Suddenly SPLAT! I felt an explosion on my thigh and looking down I realized I had been hit with an egg!&nbsp; As another hit my side I redoubled my pedaling effort and&nbsp; thought, is there no bottom to my degradation?


As I hunkered down over the handlebars and pedaled as fast as I could while the taunts from the school kids alternated with the thrown eggs that splattered against my body and Ambers' bike, my biggest concern was how angry Amber would be when I&nbsp; made it back to her.&nbsp; Sure enough, when I finally got back to Ambers' place and pulled into her driveway she strode out the front door looking really steamed.&nbsp; "About time you got back, douche bag, and look at what you did to my bike!"&nbsp; I Started to explain but was cut short by a powerful slap that almost knocked me off the bike - WHAP!

Blubbering my apologies, Amber interrupted me impatiently and ordered me to get a bucket and some cleaning supplies from her garage to clean the egg splatters off her bike.&nbsp; "And while you're at it shine up the chrome fenders and use the leather treatment on the seat, and so on.&nbsp; In short, that bike better look brand new when you're finished or I'll tell Josh to kick your ass, understand?"&nbsp; This was outrageous!&nbsp; Here I had gone off on an errand to satisfy her stud boyfriend's petty whim, ended up camping out on his doorstep out of consideration so as not to disturb him (without even getting a thank you!) and to show my devotion to her, ridiculing myself and ruining my clothes from an egg pelting on her feminine bike in the process, only to be treated like I did something wrong on my return and threatened with a beating from the big lover lummox!&nbsp; Yet when I spoke, my familiar compliant attitude towards Amber surfaced again: "su...sure, Amber, I understand and I'm really sorry, I'll do it, I will, right away...." as I rode over to the garage, still wearing my ruined clothes, to start cleaning the bike.

Working diligently to get all the egg and other dirt off the bike, I reflected on how my situation with Amber had changed since we met.&nbsp; Sure, I was eager to please her and very obedient to do whatever she wanted from the beginning, but I had thought that in time we would become more intimate and develop a mutually caring relationship.&nbsp; Instead Amber seemed to see me more and more as a servant and less and less as a boyfriend, cutting off my appeals for better options in our encounters with her cursed phrase: "That's all you get!"&nbsp; And yet I remained committed to our relationship, seeing my poor treatment by her and her stupid stud as an ordeal that I needed to weather to get to the other side where Josh the jerk jilts her and Amber finally sees me for the caring, loving partner she really wants!

I ended up calling in sick to work because I had to spend so much time on cleaning her bike, and when Amber found this out she simply took it for granted that I would now be able to spend my day off serving her desires.&nbsp; "Alright, the bike looks good, now get home and clean yourself up and get right back here.&nbsp; I wanna give Josh a surprise gift for all the pleasure he's been giving me with the heavy duty loving, so since you've got the day off I'm gonna take you to his place and you're gonna clean it up real nice, k?"&nbsp; I had my own things I'd planned to do once I realized I'd be late for work and decided to take the day off, and I hesitantly told Amber.&nbsp; "What?&nbsp; I thought you were devoted to me and all that kinda stuff you're always saying.&nbsp; So, you won't help me prepare this surprise for Josh, ok fine, I'll do it myself.&nbsp; Get lost, douche bag, and don't expect to be living up to that name again!"

Oh no, Amber was angry with me!&nbsp; I quickly apologized, assuring Amber that I could put off my other obligations and chores, that she truly was the most important thing in my life and that I'd be honored to serve her desires in any way I could.&nbsp; Seeing her angry expression fade and her smile slowly broaden made my spirits soar, and I raced home to get cleaned up and change clothes so that I could return and be available for Ambers' benefit.&nbsp; Thoughts kept popping up in my head about how Amber was just using me and how I would be supporting a relationship Amber was having with another guy which was in direct competition with mine, and that I was reduced to only serving Amber as her human douche bag with no promise of anything more, but I pushed them all aside.&nbsp; My only thought was pleasing Amber, and I had to admit that her conceited, selfish attitude was kind of a turn on to me.&nbsp; In time, I hoped that&nbsp; Amber and I could develop a deep level of intimacy and caring that would allow me to be candid about my arousal at her self centered behaviors so that we could work it into a wonderful, if not exactly standard, sexually sweet connection!&nbsp; Sure, I just had to bide my time, and accept that for now this was "all I would get!"











As Amber drove me over to Joshs' place I reflected on the situation and realized that my best course of action would be to do the best job that I possibly could cleaning up his home, showing Amber how my devotion for her motivates my best efforts on her behalf.&nbsp; I had often said that whatever makes her happy, makes me happy, now here was my chance to prove those words.&nbsp; Besides,&nbsp; working side by side would give us the chance to develop a deeper and more intimate connection, and I would show my chivalry by doing all the hardest and most unpleasant tasks.&nbsp; That was my plan, anyway!

The reality was quite different.&nbsp; As soon as we got to Joshs' place Amber set up his home entertainment center with a DVD movie she had brought with her, and gave me a list of chores to be done.&nbsp; "And you see the ones with the stars next to them?&nbsp; Well, those are the activities that can be done without making too much noise so you won't disturb me watching this new DVD movie I wanna watch, so you can do those first, k?"&nbsp; I was about to express my disappointment that she wouldn't be supervising me directly and try to convince Amber to work with me when I realized to my dismay that she had already lost interest in me and was setting up the movie to watch as she just assumed my obedience.

I was chagrined to have to admit to myself that I felt a perverse sort of thrill at Ambers' total disregard of my feelings, and my imprisoned penis which had somehow developed the ability to remain asleep as I witnessed her erotic escapades with Master Josh and serviced her orally, had suddenly (and painfully!) awakened!

Working hard, I obeyed Ambers' instructions and completed all the "noiseless" tasks on the list of my chores to clean and organize Joshuas' place, interrupted a number of times by Ambers' snapping fingers as she summoned me to do something for her: For example, "snap! Yo' loser, bring me a nice cold lemonade, and be quick about it!" she yelled from her reclining position as she watched her movie, and I was in awe of Ambers' superior attitude as I hustled to obey her command.&nbsp; "Here you are, Amber, and thank you for allowing me to serve you!" I said as I approached with her drink and dropped to my knees as I held it out to her.&nbsp; "Shhh, quiet loser!" was Amber's only response as her eyes and attention were riveted to the TV screen.

Completing all the tasks that could be done silently, I timidly approached Amber and let her know.&nbsp; "Fine, then you can kneel down here next to me and hold my ashtray and drink so I don't have to reach for them until the movie's done."&nbsp; Her arrogance and selfish attitude continued to amaze and arouse me, and I suppressed a groan from the biting pain in my groin as my frustrated cock pressed painfully against the restricting chastity device Amber had me wearing.&nbsp; I didn't even remember how long it had been since I was allowed an orgasm, and my lust for Ambers' beauty seemed to be multiplied by her degrading and abusive treatment.

Settling in to my kneeling position beside Amber, I quietly said "I am so grateful for the honor of being allowed to serve you, Amber" and hoped for some recognition of my devotion to her, but instead she gave me an annoyed look.&nbsp; "Didn't I tell you to be quiet, loser?&nbsp; How friggin' stupid can you be?" she asked rhetorically as she pressed the pause button on the remote and sat up.&nbsp; I cringed in fear of her hitting me, but instead Amber raised her hips and slipped off her panties as she said "I know how to shut you up and at the same time give you a reward for all your hard work, heh heh heh!" and she shoved her skimpy panties into my open mouth!&nbsp; "Yeah, that's an old pair so you should get some good flavors out'a it, ha ha!&nbsp; Keep quiet the rest of this movie and I'll let you keep them as a gift from me to you, but if you make one more sound I'll make you eat them!"&nbsp; Of course, I was silent as a mouse for the movie's duration.

Well, I got to keep the panties, but when the movie finished Amber announced she was tired and going into the bedroom to take a nap while I got the rest of the cleaning and other work done on Joshs' place, and again her casual disregard for me and inconsiderate attitude stoked my admiration and painful lust for her as I continued my hard work.&nbsp; When I was done and I gently woke Amber by kissing the soles of her feet as she had ordered, her casual "the place looks great" filled me with pride.&nbsp; I thought my dedicated servitude would earn me favor with Amber, but it ended up having an unexpected result as Josh was thrilled with how neat and clean his place had become when Amber surprised him with the gift.

"Hey babe, this is really great, my place has never looked so good!&nbsp; Problem is, neatness ain't my strong suit, y'know?&nbsp; I'm gonna need regular cleaning service like this from the wimp to keep the place looking this good" Josh commented when Amber surprised Josh with her present of his clean and organized place, and my mouth hung open in shock as Amber giggled and replied that she'd give him my cleaning services every evening to insure his place stayed clean and neat.&nbsp; "Doesn't he have anything to say about it?" Josh asked with a chuckle, and Amber replied "No, of course not!&nbsp; He's totally devoted to me, in case you haven't already noticed, and if I tell him to serve you every evening he will!"

I definitely didn't want to serve Josh, but as a direct command from Amber it went from being distasteful to exciting, and I comforted myself with the renewed hope that when the inconsiderate Josh offended or jilted Amber my devotion and obedience would finally pay off.&nbsp; What I didn't expect was that Josh would go from using me as his housecleaner to developing his selfish desires to use me for his own personal pleasures!&nbsp; It began one evening when I was cleaning Josh's bathroom while he was watching TV in the other room.&nbsp; The flusher in his toilet had broken, and he couldn't get the part to fix it until the next day.&nbsp; He had used his neighbor's bathroom earlier in the evening, but now was watching a show and didn't want to miss it's continuation so he strode quickly into the bathroom and snapped his fingers at me.

"Yo' wimp, kneel up, and hurry up.&nbsp; I've just given you a 'field promotion' from floor scrubber to human urinal, heh heh!"&nbsp; I started to protest, saying that this was going too far, when he cut me off.&nbsp; "Listen to me, and listen good" he said, "you are my slave just like you're Ambers', and if you refuse me ANYTHING I will make up some stories about you to her so that she throws you out of her life for good, and you know she'll definitely believe me over you.&nbsp; Now I'm only gonna say this once: kneel up, and open up!".&nbsp; I would do anything not to lose Amber, and to my chagrin I even had to admit feeling a bit of arousal at Joshs'arrogant dominance of me as I raised up on my knees until my face was at the level of Joshs' crotch.&nbsp; Anxious to get back to his television program, Josh quickly opened his fly and grabbed a fistful of my hair on the top of my head before clenching his fist.

"Aoowwwch!" I exclaimed from the painful grip, and Josh quickly inserted his thick cock into my opened mouth.&nbsp; My lips stretched wide around his thick cock as he forced my face into his pelvis and I felt his cock head slide deep into my mouth and point down my throat.&nbsp; I struggled to calm my gag reflex and heard Josh comment "I hope you're thirsty, wimp, I've been drinking beers all evening, heh heh.&nbsp; Here it comes!" Suddenly, I could feel the sensation of Joshs' hot piss pouring down my throat as my throat muscles worked spasmodically.&nbsp; It seemed to go on forever, and finally when I felt the force of the flow lessen slightly Josh gripped my head in his hands and started pumping his pelvic area against my face.&nbsp; "Ungh, ummph, ahhh!" he moaned, and I suddenly tasted a change in the flavor of his piss going down my throat.&nbsp; Josh was having an orgasm mixed with the last of his piss, and my swallowing throat muscles were massaging his cock as he pumped his come down my open throat!

I was filled with shame as Josh used his grip on my hair to pull my face away from his crotch as his orgasm subsided, and I guess out of shame and to disown what he had just done Josh flung me off to the side as he grabbed a towel to wipe his groin area.&nbsp; "Back to work, wimp, until your next 'temporary promotion', heh heh!" Josh said with a sneer as he looked down at me for a moment as if daring me to protest.&nbsp; "Yes sir, whatever you say" I responded, and right away my shame multiplied as I damned my own subservience.&nbsp; How sick could I get, I thought, even adding 'whatever you say' automatically at the end of my response as if to invite him to repeat his sexual domination.&nbsp; Josh turned to go back into the other room and watch his show and I thought for a second he hadn't paid attention to my response, but then to my horror he turned his head to look over his shoulder at me and said with a sneer "you bet your ass 'whatever I say', now crawl over here quick to kiss my ass cheeks and thank me for the gift of my jism in your sissy stomach, wimp.&nbsp; Hurry up jerk, the shows' getting ready to start again!"

It was hard to believe Joshs' arrogance and conceit that he would not only force me to give him a blow job as I swallowed his piss, but then order me to kiss his ass and thank him for the "honor"!&nbsp; I knew there would be no point in trying to argue or protest his treatment of me after his earlier threat to lie to Amber about me, however, and I knew if I made him miss any of his show that would just make it worse for me, so I quickly crawled over to where Josh stood and obeyed.&nbsp; "Thank you so much, Sir, for allowing me the privilege of serving you and swallowing your come" I said as I obediently began kissing both his ass cheeks.&nbsp; WHAP! I saw stars as Josh had slammed his open palm against the side of my head to smack me away.&nbsp; "You're welcome, loser, now get back to work.&nbsp; And you better empty yourself out because I plan on goin' through the case of beers I got while I'm watchin' the TV.&nbsp; Yeah, so you definitely won't be thirsty, ha ha ha!"



















That's all you get! Part 6

Josh did indeed use me a number of times while he watched TV, and just when I had resigned myself to drinking his piss and swallowing his come during the commercial breaks while I continued to clean his place as I wallowed in self-pity thinking things couldn't get any worse, they naturally did.

"Hey wimp, you must be hungry by now, eh?&nbsp; I've been chowin' down on the franks and beans I cooked up, but poor you've been on a steady "liquid" diet, huh?&nbsp; Ha ha ha!" Josh said.&nbsp; I really was starving and swallowed my pride as I admitted my hunger and begged for something to eat, but my attitude quickly turned to disgust at Josh's next comment:&nbsp; "yeah, I got some leftovers from my dinner I was gonna throw out I can give you, but first I gotta take a mean dump. Hey, how about eatin' some hot turds from the guy who's satisfying your woman in ways you never could, huh?"&nbsp; I was revolted at Josh's suggestion and I guess I couldn't hide my reaction as he looked down at me and began to chuckle.

"Ha ha, don't worry, I won't be feeding you my shit, at least not yet!&nbsp; Yeah, for now I'll settle for you swallowing some of my farts, that meal of franks and beans has left me with a belly full of gas, besides which you'd probably puke your guts up if I had you chowin' down on my crap!" Josh said as he stood over me and held my head by my hair.&nbsp; Relieved that Josh didn't want me to eat his shit, I didn't resist as he forced my face into the crack of his ass through his tight faded jeans, then&nbsp;&nbsp; Braaappp!&nbsp; Ugh! Josh had cut loose with a smelly fart right in my face, and he tightened his grip on my hair as he ordered me to breathe it all in.&nbsp; "Enjoy the smell shithead, heh heh, you're gonna be gettin' very familiar with it.&nbsp; Pretty soon I'll be using your tongue as my toilet paper, and once you get used to the taste it won't be long before I'll have you begging to eat my shit!&nbsp; Yeah, what a trip, you're older and more educated than me with a better job and more money, but I've got you reduced to bein' a slave for me and your former woman, and to top it all off I'm turning you into my human toilet - ha ha ha!"

This was terrible!&nbsp; Joshua was so arrogant and conceited he actually thought I was submitting to him out of fear or respect, when actually my only motivation was to serve Amber.&nbsp; I had felt afraid to rebel against anything Josh had me do in fear of displeasing Amber, since she had ordered me to submit to Josh, but I knew Josh wasn't telling Amber all the ways he was having me serve him and now I felt it was time to make a decision.

If Josh followed through on his threats and actually had me swallow his shit by using my tongue as his toilet paper and eventually eating his shit, I knew the health risks would be very real.&nbsp; I was shocked to realize that my concern was not for myself though, and that I actually felt aroused at the idea and the extreme degradation of eating the shit and serving as a toilet for the man who was fucking my woman!&nbsp; No, my only concern was for the health and safety of Amber, since even though we didn't have regular sex anymore she did sometimes still allow me to serve her orally and any diseases I picked up from swallowing Josh's shit could be transmitted to her.

I knew Amber would want to know and that Josh wasn't telling her all the ways he was making me serve him, and so I accepted the possibility of Amber not believing me and my losing her forever as I told her I had to tell her something very important.&nbsp; She could see I was very serious and allowed me the space to tell her all about my concerns, and I was surprised to see a very caring and compassionate Amber embrace me.

"Oh Johnny, I'm so glad you told me!" Amber exclaimed, going on to say that she had always sensed Josh's selfish, uncaring attitude and was not surprised that he would do this behind her back.&nbsp; "Then you do believe me?" I asked, in joyous disbelief, and Amber reassured me that she'd always felt safe and secure in our trusted friendship.&nbsp; She went on to say that just because I couldn't satisfy her sexually and was basically a wimp in the masculinity department didn't mean she didn't value our relationship and trust my best intentions for her.

In seventh heaven as Amber broke off her relationship with Josh and threatened him to leave me alone or she would make serious trouble for him, she admitted to me that she had enjoyed his conceited, superior attitude and his aggressive fucking style and hoped that she could find someone else similar soon.&nbsp; I gently asked Amber if she thought she might like a caring considerate lover that would totally forgo his own pleasures and desires in the service of devoting himself completely to her every whim, and she looked at me with an expression of&nbsp; genuine astonishment as she said "why of course not, silly!&nbsp; That would be such a turn-OFF in a lover, besides which I don't need that 'cause I've already got you!"

There was nothing left to say as Amber's palm on top of my head pushed me down until my face was level with her precious pussy.&nbsp; I knew what was expected and felt grateful for the chance to serve her, even as I realized that my dreams and desires of being Amber's lover were more thoroughly dashed than ever before.&nbsp; As I began my oral devotion and heard Amber's moans of pleasure my arousal awakened and was promptly thwarted by Amber's chastity imposition between my legs, but my devotion to this living goddess overrode my sense of denial as I sighed philosophically and reminded myself: That's all I get!



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harvey


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





