BDSM Library - Jenna




Jenna
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenna is a teasedenial queen!






Peter is naked and strapped down on a special table in a windowless
room. He is blindfolded and wearing a ball gag. Stereo headphones are
clamped around his ears playing loud industrial music. His two
tormentors, his wife, Angelica, a 30 year old raven beauty, with long
tanned legs and incredibly large natural breasts, is instructing
Jenna, a cute blonde college coed, in the fine art of "masturbational
torture". Angelica takes Jenna's hands and moves them to her husbands
straining erection and speaks softly, her mouth almost touching
Jenna's ear. "Now, Bring your palm up to the top of his penis and
park it there flat out, fingers held together and stiff, thumb
pointed straight out". Angelica looks spitefully at her husband as
Jenna rests her palm on the head of his cock. Ohhh yeah, that's
it. "Now Spin it around as if you were trying desperately to remove
the tight lid of a jar. His head will be super sensitive". Jenna
rotates her flat palm against the head of Peter's cock, making him
whimper and moan into his gag. Angelica looks down at him
smiling. "He'll beg and plead for you to stop, that's why you need to
have him gagged and tied down securely". I've tortured him like this
for days. Jenna looks down at Peter's purple erection. Her hands play
evilly over it, polishing the head with his own juices. Angelica
gently brushes Jenna's hair away from her face. "After you've done
this for a while, slip your hands down on his balls and ever-so-
gently scratch your nails across them. Tickle them softly, lovingly.
Angelica demonstrates, making Peter strain against the straps.
Jenna's eyes glisten, obviously excited. "Then, gently roll them up
the underside of his shaft". She rolls his taught nuts upward. Precum
pours from his cock. Jenna giggles as he whimpers even louder. Now,
very lightly, begin to stroke his cock with your finger tips, running
them all over his sensitive shaft and balls. Jenna, wide-eyed, begins
running her long painted nails over his shaft. Peter bucks against
the straps as Angelica leans close to her, letting her large breasts
brush against her arm. "If you really want to do a number on him,
slip a dollop of Ben-Gay on his balls and watch him go through the
roof"! Jenna looks at her now very excited. "Oh, god Angelica can we
do that to him now"?! She looks back down at Peter suffering and
rakes her nails down his thighs. Angelica touches her face
softly "We'll, I was thinking, how would you like to spend the
weekend"? "That way we could take our time torturing him". Jenna
trembles, her blue eyes softly sparkling. "Oh, god yes I'd love that.
Jenna slowly leans in for a kiss. At the last second Angelica turns
her face so she kisses her cheek. Jenna pulls back, a hurt look on
her face. Angelica smiles sexily at her. I want Peter to witness our
first kiss. Angelica pushes a button on the table- making it slowly
rise, then another that makes it stand on end. Peter's head slumps
forward, his erection bobbing in front of him. She pulls off the
headphones, then the blindfold. Peter raises his head wearily. When
he sees Jenna, his eyes widen in panic. She looks at him coyly. "Hi
Peter, so good to see you again"! Angelica approaches with some
wicked looking nipple clamps. Peter shakes his head violently. "I
think you know Jenna dear", Angelica purrs. "She's the little co-ed
you've been trying to fuck" Peter wails into his ball gag as she
attaches the first nipple clamp. "We've been having the nicest little
chat." She roughly attaches the other clamp Making Peter moan again,
sweat pouring off his body. Angelica grabs him by the hair forcing
eye contact. "She's agreed to help me play with you all weekend
long." Peter stares at her in dismay as she walks over to Jenna and
gently puts her arms around her neck, giving her a long, slow,
passionate kiss. Jenna moans, melting into her arms. "Mhhhhh",
Angelica purrs as she pulls away. "She tastes sooo good honey, you
sure know how to pick em". Angelica unbuttons her blouse and slides
the shoulder strap of her bra down, exposing her left breast. Jenna
sucks at it hungrily. Peter looks at them with tortured eyes. She
gently pulls Jenna's mouth away and moves to a table, picking up a
black box with a single chrome switch on it, several wires hang from
beneath. "I'm going to teach her all your favorite games". Peter lets
out a muffled cry and hopelessly tries to free himself. She stands in
front of him smiling wickedly as she teases and pulls at her large
thick nipple. "Oh, the things I'm going to do to her". Angelica
slowly puts her breast back in her bra. "And I'm going to make you
watch every second of it". She attaches the wires to each of the
nipple clamps . Angelica hands the black box to Jenna. "Would you
like to hear him beg"? Jenna swallows hard. "Oh yes" she whispers.
Angelica kisses her softly again, then pulls the ball gag from
Peter's mouth. "Please Angelica" Peter whimpers, "I swear to god I
never touched her". Jenna moves quickly forward. "You fucking little
liar"! She screams.
Angelica gently takes her arm. "Jenna darling, there's no need to
shout and argue with him, just use the box". Jenna looks at it, then
smiling, flips the switch. A sharp bolt of electricity passes into
Peter's nipples. Peter writhes and lets out a gut wrenching scream.
After a moment, Angelica reaches out and switches it off. "You have
to be careful darling, to much electricity will make him pass out".
She walks over to Peter and grabs his hair, pulling his head up, then
slaps his face. Peter's eyes flutter open. He looks at her
pathetically whimpering. "Please� no more, please"� Angelica lightly
runs her hands down his chest. It's not up to me sweetheart, it's up
to our guest. She turns back to Jenna. "Has he had enough"? "Not by a
long shot", Jenna smiles. She walks back to Jenna and takes the box
from her hands. "Let me give you a few pointers". "While it's certain
that the pain he feels is excruciating, the real torture lies in the
anticipation of it". She walks over to Peter and gently strokes his
flaccid penis. "It's important to try to keep him at maximum arousal
at all times, without ever letting him cum". Angelica strokes his
cock with long slow pulls, milking it. After a moment he begins to
stiffen. "I love to give him pain, but I find that the best torture
is complete and total denial". "I taunt him with my mouth and
breasts, keeping them just out of his reach". "I tease him with my
fingernails tickling is cum filled balls". "I beg him to cum for me
in my sexiest little girl voice as I slowly masturbate him". And just
when he thinks all his suffering is over, and I've taken mercy on his
poor swollen cock"�" Angelica quickly flips the switch on the box.
Peter shakes and screams. She flicks the switch off. Peter's head
falls forward, as he begins to weep. Angelica gently reaches out at
touches a tear on his check. "And then we start all over again".
Jenna, panting, wets her lips. "Oh god I want to do that to him". I
want to make him beg and cry and promise me anything. I want to deny
him over and over and over. I want him to suffer so... Angelica walks
back to her and touches her face delicately. "You will my dear, I
promise you". But first lets torture him further and make love just
inches from him. I can position the table so he hangs just above
us. "Oh yes, I want to fuck you so bad" she moans. Angelica rolls a
similar looking table over and positions it in front of Peter. She
drops her blouse to the floor, then slides her skirt off. Jenna
quickly throws off her jeans and top. She pulls at her bra- as
Angelica stops her. "Take off your bra and panties slowly in front of
him". Jenna laughs and struts over to Peter and unhooks her bra. She
runs her hands over her breasts. Peter looks at her weakly. "Jenna",
he croaks "don't..." Jenna glares at him. "Fuck you Peter, this is
what you deserve." She leans in very close, almost spitting in his
face. "All those promises you made me were nothing but a bunch of
fuckin' lies. I'm going to enjoy making you suffer. She rips off her
panties and throws them in his face, trembling with rage. "I fucking
hate you"!
Angelica comes up from behind and softly strokes her hair. "Come on
Darling, I want to make love to you". She leads her to the
table. "Now, lie down and relax, we're going to make him crazy. Jenna
climbs quickly unto the table as Peter wails "Jenna ..."! "Fuck you!
You cocksucker! I'm gonna fuck your wife and there's nothing you can
do to stop me! She lays back as Angelica gently spreads her legs. Now
relax, just close your eyes. Jenna smiles contentedly, shutting her
eyes. Angelica pushes a button on the table. Steel straps clamp over
her arms and legs. Jenna's eyes fly open. What's going on?!" Angelica
fastens two more straps over her shoulders and stomach pulling them
down tight. "Owww! Jenna screams, that hurts"! Angelica pushes
another button on the table- making it rise then stand on end. Jenna
looks at her panicked. What are you doing"!? Angelica smiles, "I'm
getting ready to make love to you." She walks over and picks up two
more nipple clamps. Jenna looks at them terrified, then looks at
Peter. "I tried to warn you", he whispers hoarsely. Angelica walks to
her smiling wickedly. "Never fuck around with another woman's
property Jenna". She dangles the clips in front of her
face. "Especially a sadistic bitch like me". She attaches the clamps
to her nipples. Jenna cries out in agony as tear's spill down her
cheeks. "Darling you should save your tear's, we've got all weekend
together, just the three of us. She attaches another set of wires.
Pleeeeease Jenna wails don't do this to me!! I'll do anything you
want!!! Angelica leans in and kisses her trembling lips then, licks a
tear from her cheek. "I know you will", she whispers...and flips the
switch.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bugs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





