BDSM Library - Lori's Brother




Lori's Brother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ashley and Lori tease Lori's horny brother Jim!         






"I think your brother's kinda cute", Ashley exclaims, as she watches
Jim go through the patio door. Lori looks at her in disgust. "You
gotta be kidding". "No, I mean it, he's got a pretty good body". "God
Ashley, he's not even 17 yet". Lori flips over on her towel and
undoes the top of her swimsuit and rubs some suntan lotion on her
chest. "I didn't say I wanted to fuck him Lori, I just think he's
cute, that's all". "He's a pig", Lori grumbles. "All he does is
sleep, eat ,and download porn from the Internet so he has something
to jerk off to". "He's probably jerking off right now"! Ashley looks
back at the patio door smiling. Lori covers her face with a
towel. "I'm gonna get something to drink and call Bob, see if he
wants to come over, you want anything"? Lori yawns sleepily. "No, I'm
fine". Ashley quietly goes into the house. She walks down the hall to
Jim's room and listens at his door. She hears nothing at first, then,
she hears Jim let out a soft groan. Ashley smiles and turns the
handle of the door quickly and bursts into the room. Jim is lying on
his bed naked, masturbating into a pair of blue and yellow cotton
panties. "Opps, sorry Jim I thought this was the
bathroom"�. "Hey"!" "What are you doing". Jim's face goes pale as he
tries to cover himself quickly with a sheet. "Nothing�I was just
gonna take a nap". Ashley moves to the bed and pulls down the
sheet. "What the fuck"! she exclaims angrily, "those are my panties"!
Jim looks at her in panic. "Where did you get those"! "I�I"�. Is all
Jim can say. "Answer me you little shit, how did you get my panties"!
Jim looks at her about to cry. "You fucking little pervert, wait till
I tell Lori"! Ashley turns around and tries to keep from laughing as
she walks towards the door. "Wait"! Jim cries. He gets off the bed
still trying to cover himself with the sheet. "Don't tell Lori"! "I
got them from the pools changing room". She turns back to him. "You
stole my panties from the changing room so you could wear
them"? "No.. I don't wear them", Jim cries out quickly, "I"� he stops
not knowing how to continue. "We'll, if you don't wear them what do
you do with them"? .Jim looks at the floor. "Nothing"� he says
softly. "Nothing", Ashley repeats sarcastically. "We'll, maybe Lori
knows why you stole my panties, lets find out"! "No"! Jim
whimpers, "please don't tell her. "She'll tell my Dad and he'll kill
me". Ashley stares at him coldly as he starts to cry. "Please don't
tell anyone Ashley, I'll do anything". Ashley smiles wickedly and
walks over to him and pulls down the sheet. Jim stands naked before
her, the panties till wrapped around his cock. "You were masturbating
with them, weren't you". Jimmy silently nods his head. Ashley
smiles. "Turn around Jim". "What"�he asks sniffing. "I said, Turn
around, I want to look at you". He slowly turns around. Ashley looks
him over. "How tall are you Jim". He turns back looking at her a
little confused. "I'm�5'7". "And how much do you weigh"? "130, I
guess, why"? "And what's your waist size". Jim looks at her not
understanding. Ashley grabs one of his nipples quickly, pinching it
hard. "What size jeans do you wear shithead". Jim whimpers in
pain "28- I wear a 28 -30". Ashley lets go. "Ok, I won't tell anyone
for now but you have to do something for me". He looks at her with
tears in his eyes. Ashley leans close to him and slowly removes the
panties from around his penis. "Put these on". Jim looks at her in
disbelief." "Now"! Jim quickly puts on the panties. "Oh, they look
good on you", Ashley teases. Jim stands in front of her looking at
the floor. "Tell you what I'm gonna do, Jimbo, I gonna give you a
break". "All you have to do is come over to my house tomorrow and
return them after school". Jim looks up hopeful. "But, I'll expect
you to be wearing them". "You want me to wear them"!? Ashley looks at
him smiling. "And my bra too. I'll leave it in the pools changing
room for you". "I'll expect you to wear it to school tomorrow as
well". "But I can't"! he wails. "You will, or, I'll tell Lori and
everyone at school you like to dress up like a little girl". Jim
looks at her horrified. "I'll be watching you at school tomorrow
Jimbo, so you better wear them all day".

Jim is sitting in the lunchroom at school, eating by himself. He's
dressed in a heavy sweater with a shirt underneath it. Ashley
approaches. "Hi Jimbo"! She pats him on the back, then, grabs pulling
the bra strap from beneath his shirt and snaps it back. He looks at
her in panic. "That's one, now let me see the panties". Jim looks
around quickly. "C'mon, I haven't got all day". He pulls down the
front of his pants, slightly exposing the panties. "That's a good
boy". "Now be at my house by 4, and don't be late". She leans over
whispering in his ear. "I've got a little surprise for
you". "Please".. Jim whines, "don't make me do this anymore". "Jim, I
think you owe me this". He looks at her miserably . " See you at 4".
She smiles and casually walks away.

At four sharp, Jim knocks at the door. Ashley opens it, she has a
glass of wine in her hand. "Hi Jimmy, cmon in". He walks silently
through the door and stands in the hall, obviously
uncomfortable. "Would you like some wine"? No, he mumbles. Ok, cmon
upstairs. Jim follows her silently up the stairs. She opens the door
to her bedroom. "Ladies first", she teases then laughs out loud. He
slowly walks into the room. On the bed are 6 pairs of silk panties
and bras. Jim looks at them nervously. "Ok, Jimmy lets have them".
Jim looks at her uncomfortably. "Strip, Let's go"! Jim takes off his
sweater, then his shirt. He's wearing the lacey blue bra. He starts
to remove it. "Not yet", she shouts "Take off your pants next"! Jim
sighs and pulls off his shoe then his pants. He stands before her
trembling . Ashley walks slowly around him. "My, my, my!", she
laughs "look how sexy you look. Jim stairs at the floor. Ashley sits
in a chair against the opposite wall. "Can I take then off now", He
whines. "First dance for me in them". Jim looks up in alarm as she
turns on a stereo. "Cmon Jimmy, dance sexy for me". Jim just stands
there. Ashley rises and walks quickly to him and slaps his face
hard. "I told you I'm not fucking around Jim, now dance or I'll make
you walk home like this". He looks at her almost crying , then starts
to move a little to the music. "Oh, yeah, that's it baby, now rubs
your titties through your bra". Jim starts to rub his chest
halfheartedly. "I not kidding, do it right". Jim rubs harder. "That's
the way baby, just like that". She goes back and sits in the chair
and sips at her wine. "Keep going", she calls out "pump your dick in
the air"! Jim keeps dancing around the room as she hoots and calls
out to him. Finally after 5 minutes of this, she shuts the music
off. "Ok, I think that will be quite enough". She walks over to a
bookcase and pulls out a small video camera. "I got the whole thing
on tape"! Jim looks at her in shock. "I wonder what the kids will say
when I pass this tape around school". "You'll be real popular with
the guys then, especially the football team". Ashley laughs wickedly.
Jim runs at her grabbing for the tape. She easily sidesteps him and
slugs him hard in the rib-cage. He falls to the ground gasping for
air. Ashley grabs him by the hair and pulls him screaming to the bed.
Laughing, she throws him on his stomach and pins his right arm
harshly behind his back. Jim screams in pain as she leans in
close. "You even fight like a girl". "Please", he cry's, "let me go�
please"! Ashley releases his arm and walks over to a desk drawer and
drops the tape in. She locks the drawer with a small key. "You're in
quite a spot Jim, but I think we can cut a deal". Jim wipes the
tear's from his eyes as Ashley sits on the bed next to him. "You
know, it's not easy being a pretty 18 year old girl Jim". "All guys
want me for are my tits, and when they get them they don't know what
to do with them". Jim looks at the floor silently as Ashley softly
plays with his hair. "And when they do fuck me, they cum in about 2
minutes". "Of course there are always women, but they get all mushy
on you". "Your sister was fun for awhile, but she'd never do the
kinky stuff". Jim looks at her in disbelief. Ashley smirk's. "We used
to fuck each other out in the pools changing room all last summer".
Ashley gently plays with the lobe of his ear. "She still wants me,
but I've got Bob now". "He's got a huge cock and he makes me come
sometimes, but never as much as I'd like". Ashley sighs, "And I could
never get a big football stud like him to dress up like a little
girl". She turns his face to hers. "But I can get you to, can't I
Jimmy". He looks at her speechless. "Now here's the deal". "I'll keep
the tape our little secret, and you and I'll have little sessions
from time to time". "What kind of sessions", He asks nervously.
Ashley adjusts Jim's bra and speaks softly. Oh, that will depend on
my moods, there are so many things I want to try. Ashley's eyes
glisten, she licks her soft wet lips, "So many wonderful perverted,
nasty things". Jim stares at her in shock. "Here are the ground rules
Jimmy". "First, you will do what I say when I say it". "I've already
shown you I can kick your ass, and even if you do get the upper hand
somehow, one phone call to Bob and your dead meat". "Understand?" Jim
nods his head once. "Second". "No masturbating". "If I so much as
suspect, that you've beaten off, your punishment will be harsh and
not the least bit sexy". Jim whimpers slightly biting his lip. "And
last, I'll expect you to contribute to our little games". "You 'll
bring sex stories from the Internet for things we can try out". She
grabs his face looking into his eyes. "And they better be kinky-
nasty stories Jimbo or I'll be forced to think up some diabolical
games of my own". He looks at her almost crying. "You can't really
mean this", he whimpers. Ashley leans very close to him now. "Believe
it, Jimmy I own you, now strip". Jim slowly stands and takes off the
bra and panties. She takes his penis in her hand and leads him over
to a straight backed chair. "My mother will be home in about an hour,
so we won't have much time to get into anything to complicated today,
but I think this will be a nice start". She takes a thin piece of
leather from the desk and ties Jim's hands behind his back. Then,
walks to the nightstand and pulls out a pair or white silk panties.
She holds them to her nose and breathes in deeply. "Mhhhh", she
sighs, "they still smell so strong". She walks back to Jim and holds
them under his nose. "Don't they smell good"? Jim holds his breath
and turns his face away. Ashley grabs him by his nipple and
squeezes. "I said smell them!" Jim cry's out and takes a long deep
sniff. "Yeah, do you smell that Jimmy"? He nods quickly. They were
your sisters. Jim looks at the panties in horror, as Ashley smiles
evilly down at him. "For our next session I'll expect you to come
wearing a pair of your sister's panties and bra". "Plus, I want you
to bring some makeup- lipstick, eyeliner and perfume and you better
buy a wig while you're at it". She walks over and touches his face
softly. "I'm going to make you look sooo sexy Jimmy". He looks like
he's going to cry again. She kneels in front of him and wraps the
panties around is soft cock. "Are you ready to be masturbated in your
sisters panties Jimmy"?! She laughs, "you'd better not cum or I'll
make you suck them clean". Ashley slowly unbuttons her blouse
displaying her beautiful breasts, then slowly starts to masturbate
him with the panties. Jim squirms and moans as his cock quickly
stiffens. "That's a goodboy Ashley mocks, cum all over your sister's
pretty white panties for me. Jim whines and tries not to cum, as
Ashley gently rubs his cock. "Hmmm, you know� I think I'll call you
Jenny from now on".. she looks into his glistening eyes as a single
tear runs down his check.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bugs


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





