BDSM Library - Autographs: Devon Sawa Gets Milked




Autographs: Devon Sawa Gets Milked
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;_________________________________________
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WARNING!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This text file contains sexually explicit
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;material. If you do not wish to read this
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;type of literature, or you are under age,
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!
 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;_________________________________________


--------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to the author ï¿½ 2007.&nbsp; Please
don't remove the author information or make any changes
to this story.&nbsp; All rights reserved. Thank you for your 
consideration.
--------------------------------------------------------

Autographs: Devon Sawa Gets Milked
by Arthur Wilde, Le Marquis De Zade 
arthur.wilde@yahoo.com

***

Actor Devon Sawa is tricked, sucked, fucked, raped, and 
painfully milked for an autograph. (Mm-teen, mf-teens, 
ped, nc, rp, v, bi, oral, anal, bd, tor, celeb-parody)

***

Devon Sawa had just turned fourteen a few days ago, 
still a virgin and wanted to fuck something other than 
his right hand. Looking at his reflection in the 
mirror, he saw his thin and lanky figure. His blond 
hair cut straight flopped around his eyes. He knew his 
sparkling blue eyes broke many girls' hearts. "Damn I'm 
hot," he thinks to himself! 

He was in Middle America somewhere, a small town where 
he was shooting a movie. They had just wrapped up on 
the set and he had a few days to himself. He decided to 
venture into town one day and was swarmed by fans at 
the local movie theater. Dozens of adoring teenage 
girls surrounded him hounding him with questions and 
eager to just see him, but being a horny fourteen year 
old virgin himself Devon wanted a real experienced 
woman not small town girls, most of who were probably 
just cock teases.

As he signed autographs, Devon thought sadly to himself 
what older woman would want him. He was a skinny blond 
fourteen year old boy, who looked more like twelve. 
Suddenly out of the sea of girls, she came up to him 
and politely asked for his autograph. Her hand grazed 
the side of his arm. She was a hot looking girl, a 
woman, about eighteen to twenty-one years old. 

She was much taller than Devon. She looked like a model 
built with a nice pair of tits and shiny long black 
hair! Devon started to get a hard on just looking at 
her. His khaki pants began to embarrassingly tent at 
the crotch and Devon saw her looking at his arousal, 
which because of the crowd being so close and all over 
him no one else noticed. She gives him a sexy smile. 

He signed a picture of himself, "To Gwen with Love, 
Devon," adding a note that said, "Call me tonight!" He 
left his cell phone number with the autograph. He 
winked at her as he moved on to take care of the rest 
of his adoring fans, but just as he turns to do so she 
gets a real good feel of his hard teen dick, groping 
him through his pants. Right there in front of so many 
people, he almost shoots his load, but manages to keep 
his composure. Again with so many people crowded 
together no sees a thing, then just like that she 
vanished like she wasn't even there.

Later in the day she calls him and sets up a date. Damn 
she sounded so hot and sexy! Devon got hard just 
listening to her voice on the phone. He was so horny he 
wanted to beat off his meat with the thoughts of her 
mouth all over his cock. He decided he would save his 
cum for her later. He took a shower and again looked at 
himself in the mirror naked as he dried off. He thought 
he was too skinny and he didn't think his dick was big 
enough. He was hairless except for a few pubes, and he 
had downy blond pubic hair so it was barely visible. 
His dick was a bit small, and his balls hung loose 
underneath. 

Damn it! I still look like a little boy! He thought. He 
played with his dick gently rubbing his cock shaft up 
and down. Devon's penis was about five and half inches 
rock hard. He reminded himself that he was famous and 
many girls... no women dreamed of riding the rod 
between his legs or wrapping their lips around it. He 
wanted to cum so badly, but again decided he'd save his 
juices for Gwen. Devon puts on a pair of sexy tight 
white jockey briefs and finishes dressing.

They had a nice dinner at the town's most fancy 
restaurant. Afterwards, they go up to his hotel room. 
"I'm gonna get laid," Devon thinks to himself. He 
suddenly panics realizing he forgot to bring 
protection, but then got up the courage and asks her if 
she any. Devon blushes as he brings up the matter to 
her and Gwen laughs. She replies, "I think there's a 
machine in the men's room down the hall on the other 
side of the building. You can get some while I freshen 
up later." 

When they get to his hotel room, things get hot and 
heavy fast. Devon strips down to his briefs and has a 
raging hard on. Gwen is naked except for her panties. 
She grabs his cock through the fabric of his briefs and 
begins feeling him up. The celebrity teen moans as she 
slides her hand inside the leg opening and grasps his 
hard dick.

"Go and get some condoms," she whispers in his ears. 
With her hand around his dick and sensations spreading 
from his groin, Devon feels like his legs are going to 
buckle under him. 

"Okay, let me just get some pants on," Devon says as 
he's about to pick up the pair he left on the floor. 
She doesn't let go of his penis and rapidly jerks him 
off inside his underwear. 

"No, go outside as you are. These briefs look hot and 
sexy on you. I like you in them," she orders. "But 
someone might see me," he asks her puzzled.

"But it'll be thrilling. You look so, so hot in them. 
It's so exciting, right," she teases him. Gwen rubs the 
mushroom head of Devon's stiff prick. He moans. "Now go 
or I'll go... And you better be just as hard and ready 
to fuck when you get back." She grabs his ass cheek, 
pats it and begins rubbing his buttocks with one hand. 
"Go!" 

Devon takes some money and runs out the door in just 
his white Fruit of the Looms briefs with his stiff hard 
teen prick tenting the crotch. He navigates his way 
down the hall and for a time manages not to encounter 
anyone. Just as he makes a turn into the hallway 
leading to the bathroom he accidentally bumps into a 
young woman, one of the hotel maintenance staff. She 
was about to open the door to a room and didn't see him 
coming, nor did Devon see her either. 

Their bodies collide and her hand which was about to 
turn the doorknob accidentally finds itself groping 
Devon's crotch. Not knowing what she's holding, she 
twists and turns it her hand which in effect frees the 
stiff teen prick from the confines of the briefs. 
Moments later she realizes what she's holding feels 
soft, but solid and hard. She looks at her hand and is 
shocked to be holding a throbbing piece of boyhood, 
then looks up to see it is attached to a very scantily 
clad and very red faced teenage boy.

"O my god. This is so embarrassing. This isn't what it 
looks like. I was just looking for the men's room," 
Devon begins to say, but realizes the cleaning lady is 
still holding his hard naked dick. 

"You can let go now." She hears him, but hesitates 
letting go and in fact takes a moment to squeeze and 
rub the teen tool. The young man pulls his cock away 
from her just as his dick slit dribbles a little pre-
cum onto her hand. "The bathroom," he asks her as he 
shoves his cock behind the fabric of his briefs? She 
stares intently at his cock outlined in the tight 
briefs he's wearing. 

Even with the underwear on Devon feels naked before 
her. She points to a door on the left side of the 
hallway. Devon quickly runs to it covering his modesty. 
When the bathroom door shuts the cleaning woman puts 
the palm of the hand, which had only seconds ago been 
wrapped around the cute blond teen's cock, to her nose 
and smells the distinct smell of the teen boy now 
hiding in the bathroom. She licks off the little pre-
cum that had dribbled onto the back of her hand. 

Inside the men's room Devon finds the condom dispenser 
in the back. He is about to walk out with several 
condoms in hand. Excited at the prospect of losing his 
virginity the teen's cock is hard as a rock and still 
tenting his briefs. He doesn't notice a man in one of 
the stalls watching him. He passes by the stall still 
unaware of the man, but giving stranger an excellent 
profile view of his teen body with his hard cock 
tenting his tight briefs pointing out in a ninety 
degree angle from his crotch. Devon looks at himself in 
the mirror for a second, then being a horny as hell he 
decides to play with himself and reaches a hand inside 
his underwear and begins gently jerking off.

"Hey there," the man surprises the young teen star who 
makes to immediately cover up his modesty. 

"Jesus," Devon yells out. "I didn't see you there... 
This ain't what it looks like... Look man, I have this 
hot girl in my room and I was just getting some 
condoms." 

The man gets up from the stall, stands in front of 
Devon and the door. He's about a good foot taller than 
Devon, muscular, with a strong chin, and a five o'clock 
shadow. 

"Having a private party I see. I understand," the man 
says leering at the young practically naked teen in 
front of him. 

"I just met her tonight, but she's got a great body, 
man," Devon brags.

"Ain't you Devon Sawa," the man asks knowingly to amuse 
the kid's ego? "Yes, I'm a movie star." The man moves 
closer to Devon. Their bodies now only inches away with 
the man fully clothed wearing jeans, leather boots, and 
a black leather jacket, while the young teen is just 
about naked dressed in only a pair of revealing low cut 
briefs. "I know. I saw that movie you were in, Now &amp; 
Then. Saw your little cock and balls in that scene with 
you running after the girls. You were naked weren't 
you, then" the man asks now practically over the boy's 
face? 

The teen star's face turns a shade of red at the 
mention of his cock and balls and being naked. "I 
wasn't actually naked in that scene," he replies as he 
puts both his hands in front of his crotch to cover his 
obvious state of arousal. "Well, you're practically 
naked now, aren't you," the man teases. Now being so 
close and in intimate contact with him, Devon notices 
the man's breath reeks of alcohol. He's a drunk and 
probably a faggot who just got lucky to catch a cute 
teen star like Devon in this predicament.

"I should get going. My girl's waiting for me," Devon 
moves forward to leave. 

"Bet you can't wait to get that hard dick of yours into 
her hot warm pussy," the man says extending an arm out 
to block the teen's abrupt attempt to leave. The young 
teen looks meek and avoids looking the man in the eye. 
"I should go," he says. 

"Hey man, can I at least get your autograph," the man 
asks with a wicked smile?

"Sure. You got a pen," Devon replies thinking giving 
this guy his autograph will get him off his back. 
"Sorry, dude, don't have one on me," the man tells him 
leaning ever more closely to the young buck. The guy 
pushes his leg into between Devon's inner thighs 
causing the teen to spread his legs farther apart. The 
stranger's knee rubs up against the teen's tented 
crotch. "You can use that hard cock of yours, boy," the 
man says pressing his knee deeper into the teenager's 
throbbing hard on. The teen tries to keep it light 
hearted. "That's funny dude, and what am I gonna do 
sign my name in cum on a piece of paper," Devon jests. 
"No, twinky boy, you can use my mouth," the man says 
demandingly. 

Devon struggles and makes a sudden attempt to escape, 
but is overwhelmed and overpowered by the man. 

"Man, I ain't into this, really. I ain't gay," Devon 
tells him. 

With a huge hand wrapped around Devon's neck the man 
slams the teen idol's lanky frame against the tiled 
bathroom wall and lifts him up a foot off the floor. 
The young celebrity begins to almost choke, but the way 
his assailant is holding him he is easily restrained 
without causing him to asphyxiate. Devon feels the 
man's other hand feel him up between the legs groping 
his bulging and throbbing teen dick through his briefs. 

"Come on, man, stop touching me! Oh god, not there. 
Please, I really ain't into this. I ain't gay," he 
cries out as the guy continues to touch him where no 
one let alone another male as ever touched him before. 
"Not gay? Then why is your pretty little dick so hard 
and leaking so much pre-cum, little man," the rugged 
looking man intimately inquires of the teen boy? Devon 
was confused. Why am I so hard he thinks to himself? 
Ashamed, he lets out a moan as the man slips a hand 
through the leg opening of his briefs to grasp his 
pulsing teen cock and begins rubbing it up and down 
stopping to massage the mushroom head and toy with his 
piss slit. 

"Look mister, I said I ain't gay. I have a girlfriend 
so please stop touching my dick and let me go, come on, 
I ain't gay. Really, I'm not into this," he pleads. "Oh 
no, don't." The man pulls Devon's underwear down to his 
ankles and exposes the teen star's hard on. 

"Nice cock. Now it's time for me to get an autograph." 
Devon struggles but the teen is no match for the man 
and finds himself now on his back on the floor with the 
man holding his skinny wrists. The young star draws his 
legs together in a vain attempt to protect his penis 
from what's about to happen. The man easily manages to 
open and restrain Devon's legs giving him complete 
access to the teen's crotch. He wastes no time, 
envelopes the hard teen prick in his mouth, and begins 
to give Devon Sawa the first ever blow job in his life. 
The man spends half an hour raping the teen boy's cock 
and Devon tries his best to resist and keeping himself 
from shooting his load. Unfortunate for the star his 
teen body betrays him. Against his will he has an 
orgasm. 

His cock slit spews out seven thick loads of fresh 
white hot teen cum into the man's mouth. To Devon's 
painful surprise the man sucks his dick to the bone 
with each cum shot causing the teen to grimace in 
discomfort as his five and half inch teen dick is 
orally raped. After Devon's stops ejaculating the man 
releases his teen cock, gives the teen a grin, and for 
a few seconds plays with the kid's recently spent and 
sensitive cock, roughly rubbing the cock head. Devon 
can do nothing, but utter a painful moan. He's in shock 
at what had just happened. He'd just been orally raped 
by another guy and he was ashamed that he enjoyed it. 

The guy suddenly bends down to his crotch again, opens 
his mouth and sucks just Devon's cock head. He nibbles 
using his teeth just a little on the tender sensitive 
tip and toys with the teen's dick slit with his tongue. 
"Oh god, not again please!" The man brings his mouth 
down to engulf Devon's entire penis, which is now 
softening, but to Devon's luck the guy releases his 
dick after sucking and kisses his dick head. "Bye now 
faggot. And thanks for the autograph." 

The dick rapist stands, exits, and leaves a very 
exhausted, spent, and confused Devon Sawa on the 
bathroom floor curled up in fetal position with his 
white briefs dangling from one ankle. The teen stares 
at his naked crotch. He covers his groin with his hands 
and attempts to cover the fact that again his cock got 
hard after being sucked off by a man. A bead of pearl 
white cum spills out of his cock slit as Devon 
unwillingly recounts the rape of his teen prick by the 
man in the stall. 

He gets up, notices his dick is covered in saliva, 
quickly puts on his briefs, and leaves the bathroom 
forgetting to take the condoms with him. The teen is 
afraid the man would return and want more. That he'd 
return and would fuck his virgin straight boy ass. Yet 
as he makes to his way to his room his cock is still 
hard and tenting the front of his underpants.

Devon enters and sees Gwen completely naked in bed with 
her legs spread wide. Her pussy lips are out in the 
open inviting him. He walks over to the bed with his 
dick leading the way. 

"What took you so long," she demands. Devon blushes 
remembering what that man had done to him in the 
bathroom and doesn't tell her that because she made him 
step outside in nothing but his briefs he got his dick 
raped and was forced to give up his teen boy jism. "I 
got lost," he says lying to her. Trying to prove his 
own manhood to himself, especially after his oral rape, 
Devon gets on the bed and attempts to be a man and 
begins rubbing Gwen's succulent boobs, he licks them, 
and like such a naï¿½ve and inexperienced virgin attempts 
to mount her pussy forcefully. Gwen pushes him off of 
her and the bed. 

"What the heck," he screams at her!

"Where are the condoms?" she asks. Gwen stares at the 
teen with his butt on the floor in front of her with 
his legs splayed open and his cock straining to burst 
out of his briefs. "Get up!" Devon gets up and 
approaches her. "I'm sorry I lost 'em. I was almost 
seen and I had to leave 'em behind, okay," he fakes an 
explanation.

His crotch is at her eye level and she takes a moment 
to stare at his cloth covered hard on and notices the 
pre-cum stains on the fabric. "Why is your cock so hard 
and all wet, little boy," she asks him just as she 
slides a hand inside the leg opening of his tight 
briefs. Gwen grabs a hold of his stiff boned teen prick 
and begins masturbating him. Devon gives out a guttural 
and animalistic groan. 

Suddenly the door opens and to the teen celebrity boy's 
horror the man who had just raped his dick back in the 
men's room walks inside the room.

"Hello there," the man says closing the door behind 
him. "Is that a banana in your panties or are you just 
happy to see me again."

Gwen lets go Devon's dick and takes her hands out of 
his briefs. The teen star gets between the intruder and 
Gwen. He turns to Gwen, "I'll handle this, baby." He 
clears his blond bangs, which covers his face slightly 
and marches up to the man. With his hands on his hips 
he demands, "Look, mister, you got the wrong room. You 
gotto leave. This is a private party." He's nervous and 
afraid the man would reveal to Gwen what he had just 
done to his teen cock in the bathroom and how he had 
lost control and been forced to give up loads of 
teenage cum. 

Eric looks at the blond boy standing there seeming so 
brave with his little boner tenting out in his tight 
white briefs stretching the thin fabric to its limits. 
He can't help but let out a chuckle. "No, buddy boy, I 
got the right room. You see I was invited," the burly 
man replies.

"What are you talking about," Devon is confused. "Why 
don't I tell your girlfriend why your dick is really 
hard and why it's all covered in my saliva," the man 
threatens now standing closer to the teen celebrity. 
Devon's face blushes several shades of red upon hearing 
this, but courageously keeps his hero stance with his 
legs wide open. "Look faggot, just leave before I have 
to call the cops," Devon whispers to him.

"Eric, baby, you're just in time. I was wondering what 
took you so long. Somebody's got to show this young 
buck what a real man looks like and what his boy cock 
is good for." Devon suddenly realizing Gwen knows him 
turns his head to her puzzled.

Suddenly Eric brings his foot up and kicks the kid in 
the balls. Devon doesn't see it coming, but he feels 
the full force of the man's boot slamming into his 
balls. The force of the blow knocks the wind out of 
him. He folds up on the floor and cups his busted 
balls. He tries to get up, but the pain radiates from 
his testicles out to his entire groin and abdomen. He 
falls to his knees again, coughing, gasping for air 
with his breath literally kicked out of him and almost 
vomiting from the agony. 

Eric kneels down next to Devon Sawa and grabs the teen 
by the hair, then lifts his face toward him. "Still got 
that boner, boy," he teases. The guy easily manages to 
turn Devon onto his back. With both of them facing 
Gwen, Eric pushes the kid's hands away from his crotch, 
which is no longer tented. "Let's just see," he takes a 
hold of the front of Devon's briefs and brings the 
fabric down exposing Devon's bruised balls and a two 
inch flaccid penis. "Not so brave without your hard 
on," he smiles at Devon and tucks the teen's cock and 
balls back inside the briefs and begins groping them.

The pain from the kick was intense and Devon's balls 
are still sensitive. "My poor balls," he cries. Please 
man (cough). I can pay you (gasp). Don't kick me again, 
please," Devon pleads. "I can pay you."

"Yeah, you will pay, boy!" Eric cuts him off. "You 
don't want to lose that pretty face, your boy cock and 
those pea balls, do you?" Devon points to his wallet on 
the night stand. Eric takes a moment to consider, 
leaves the teen on the floor, and checks out the 
wallet. He fishes out $500, "This'll do for now." Devon 
looks relieved and get up on his knees. "This just is 
enough for you to suck my cock." Eric pulls his huge 
twelve inch cock out. 

Devon's shocked, "What? Please, man. I ain't gay." Eric 
looms over him with his huge, uncut cock. He grabs the 
boy's hair and demands, "Suck my cock, boy, or you 
won't have a pretty face left to act with any more!" 
Devon sees the huge meaty cock swinging in front of him 
and couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe what was 
happening. The size of this guy's cock dwarfed his boy 
dick. Eric slaps him hard on his face, leaving a big 
red mark, and orders, "Suck my cock, now!" Devon begins 
sobbing, but he starts to mouth the cock. Eric slams 
his big dick into the open and gaping teen mouth, and 
instructs the young virgin on how to suck it properly.

Devon's sick to his stomach, but he knows this guy 
could kill him and he obeys. He begins to suck the huge 
member and Eric begins to moan in pleasure. "You suck 
cock just like a girl, boy," he humiliates him. Eric 
looks over at Gwen as she watches him dominate, rape, 
and humiliate the blond teen heart-throb. Her pussy is 
wet as she gets more and more excited and turned on as 
she waits for Eric to turn out the young teen kneeling 
before him sucking his cock.

As Devon's sucking begins to weaken with fatigue, Eric 
jams his cock deep into the teen's throat making the 
boy gag. 

Devon falls back and Eric pulls his cock out of the 
boy's mouth. Devon chokes and pulls out some pubic hair 
from his mouth. Eric grabs him again by his hair and 
takes a hold of the teen's briefs. 

"Time to take these off, boy," he says grabbing the 
front of the teen's underwear. Devon struggles. 

"Hey no... Please not my briefs," he protests to no 
avail. "Let me keep them on," he begs. Eric tears off 
Devon's underwear. 

Devon is stripped and completely naked on the floor. 
Eric pulls off his own pants and Devon realizes he 
isn't wearing any underwear. His erect cock and huge 
balls are fully exposed. Devon realizes he's in deep 
shit. "Oh fuck," Devon comments upon seeing Eric in all 
his naked threatening glory. 

"Exactly, boy," Eric says slapping his cock on Devon's 
face.

He panics and tries to run, but Eric grabs him. They 
struggle until Eric punches the boy hard in the nose. 
Devon screams again and drops to the floor with a 
bloody nose. Eric's pissed off and sees the groveling 
kid on the floor. The teen is on his knees crying and 
holding his bleeding nose. Eric notices the teen's legs 
are wide open so he kicks him again in his exposed 
balls. Thwack! His foot slams into Devon's virgin 
boyhood with a meaty sound. The young actor curls up in 
agony. The unbearable wave of pain again sweeps his 
body as Devon curls up, dry coughs, then vomits. He 
clutches at his busted balls with his hands praying 
they hadn't been completely smashed into mush. Eric 
watches the boy thrashing in pain and really gets off. 
"How are them scrambled eggs hanging?" 

His cock gets harder and he grabs the boy by the hair 
and drags him over to the bed. He bends him over and 
slaps his cock on the teen's butt cheeks. The tip of 
Eric's cock toys with Devon's anal opening. The feeling 
of power he holds over the teen is intoxicating. He 
forces Devon into a full Nelson and then savagely 
penetrates him in the ass with one quick and painful 
thrust.

Devon struggles in vain as he's dragged to the bed, 
bent over and then held up right before Gwen with his 
front utterly exposed before her. As he's being 
molested and sexually humiliated, Gwen simply smiles at 
him letting it all happen with out even as much as a 
word of protest. Suddenly he feels a new pain pierce 
into him as he realizes that he's being fucked in the 
ass by a man. 

He cries out and begs for the man to stop, "Oh shit! Oh 
god! Please, stop! I'm not gay!" Gwen stares him 
straight in the eye and he sees she's really getting 
off on watching his rape and degradation. "Fuck! It 
hurts. Take it out. It's too big, please!"

Eric laughs and crushes him in his grip as he fucks the 
boy even harder. Devon is reduced to a sobbing mess as 
his rectum is stretched and torn by the huge cock 
that's fucking him. Finally Eric is ready to cum. He 
shoots his load deep inside the boy's ass, then cums 
all over Devon's back. He spears his cock deep into 
Devon's asshole lifting the teen a good feet above the 
floor. Devon lets out a girly cry, moans, and then he 
whimpers. When he's done, Eric releases his hold on the 
teen. Devon just slumps over on the bed still sobbing. 
Eric notices the boy's low hanging balls below his 
asshole. He savagely kicks them. Devon's racked with 
even more pain as another kick slams into his tortured 
testicles and he starts to vomit and then dry retch 
until he passes out.

Devon wakes up shocked to find his wrists tied tightly 
to the head board of the bed. His legs were also tied 
over his shoulders. He realizes he's still completely 
naked with his asshole and crotch open and vulnerable. 

"What the...oh my balls," he moans. Gwen's sitting in a 
chair quietly in front of the bed. She has an open and 
clear view of his bruised balls and flaccid two inch 
dick as well as his no longer virgin asshole. Eric 
kisses her forcefully, and then approaches Devon who 
begins to struggle.

"You loved seeing my twelve inches go in and out this 
small-dicked wonder," the bully laughs as he grips 
Devon&#8217;s flaccid teen cock. Eric cruelly stretches the 
prick and pulls it up forcing Devon's hips to rise five 
inches up from the mattress. Devon squeals like a pig. 

"Oh god, please stop. Please stop! It hurts! Stop, 
you're gonna rip my dick off."

"Well let's see if he's man enough. He certainly 
doesn't have enough man hair," Eric points out the fact 
by spreading the teen idol's legs revealing his almost 
hairless crotch to Gwen. Devon notices her lick her own 
lips and smile as she revels in his humiliation. Eric 
begins groping Devon's teen dick and balls. With his 
huge hand he covers the teen's boyhood entirely as he 
feels Devon up for a few minutes. 

"Stop it, stop it," Devon begs shaking his head. "You 
can't do this to me. I'm a star."

"You'll be seeing stars when I'm done with you, boy." 
Eric forces Devon to swallow several blue pills by 
squeezing the teen's balls. "Swallow or I'll crush your 
pea balls into mashed potato!" He makes the teen celeb 
wash it down with a glass of vodka. "Was that ecstasy? 
The pills?" Devon asks.

"No, blondie. That was Viagra. And boy, your cock's 
gonna be hard as stone for over twenty-four hours. Just 
perfect... Perfect for milking," Eric turns to Gwen and 
smiles at her.

"Milking? What do you mean milking," Devon inquires 
looking at his flaccid dick.

"Means I'm gonna milk your cock and balls dry. Jerk you 
off. Suck your teeny dick off. Milk you like a cow. 
Gonna rape that star dick of yours until it's sore and 
hurting you're gonna wish you were a girl. You're gonna 
beg me to cut it off," Eric promises. He flicks Devon's 
tiny dick and the blond teen flinches.

Eric steps out for awhile. "This can't be happening," 
Devon says to himself. He looks over at Gwen who is 
also completely naked and sitting on a chair in front 
of the bed. She seems calm as her eyes seem glued 
directly at his naked and exposed teen cock and balls 
and recently raped asshole. He blushes red at her 
lustful gaze at his most private parts. 

"Gwen, can you hear me? What's going on? You have to 
get me out of this... This is so humiliating," Devon 
tells her, but she seems drugged or hypnotized just 
staring out lustfully at his helplessness. Suddenly he 
feels Eric's cum leaking out of his just fucked 
asshole. He knows Gwen sees this and he's even more 
embarrassed as he looks up to find her licking her lips 
and smiling at him.

Eric returns carrying a bag. He sets a digital camera 
and tripod. He points the camera directly at Devon 
Sawa's naked body on the bed. "A camera! No, please 
don't," Devon pleads. "You can't do this!"

"We're gonna make a movie, Mr. Movie Star. It's gonna 
be called: SUCKING, FUCKING, RAPING, and MILKING DEVON 
SAWA. And I'm gonna make a lot of money selling it on 
the Internet," Eric tells a now devastated teen star. 
He looks over the blond's soft prick lying on the 
teenager's almost hairless crotch. "But you're gonna 
have to give something to work with. No one wants to 
see a little worm like this," Eric demands as he runs a 
finger up and down Devon's deflated penis.

For half an hour and to Devon's dismay Eric and Gwen 
watch as the tied up heart-throb's flaccid dick hardens 
to five and half inches of teen boy meat. Eric trains 
the camera on Devon's face also showing the teen's wide 
open legs and his stiff teen pole sticking up from his 
vulnerable crotch. He grabs Devon's dick and begins 
fisting it up and down.

"Nice cock, right Gwen. Small, but nice," Eric 
painfully bends Devon's dick to point it at Gwen. 

"Aaaagh, stop it! It hurts. Don't bend my dick like 
that, please... Aaaagh," Devon begs. 

Eric lets go of the teen cock and it slaps against the 
star's belly. "Let's get milking, boy." He tightly 
wraps one palm around the virgin dick and cups Devon's 
balls with his other hand. Against the teenager's will 
he is jerked off in front of a camera and Gwen. Devon's 
dick to his surprise gets harder. Gwen watches 
captivated by the scene. He begs and whimpers for Eric 
to stop, "Please don't touch me. Stop jerking me off... 
You're gonna make me cum. Stop!"

Devon's body shakes in orgasm and his cock lurches in 
Eric's tight grip. The star bucks his hips up and his 
piss slit shoots out seven thick ropes of teen boy 
jism. Devon moans, but as cum spills out of his pee 
hole and down his cock shaft, Eric ever so cruelly 
tightens his grip and rapes the teen's dick by fisting 
his grip up and down causing the naked celebrity to 
begin crying.

Devon pleads, "Oh god, please... Stop. My dick hurts. 
Please it's sensitive after I cum. Please, stop!" 

Eric ignores his cries and speeds up and jerks off 
Devon's cock to the kid's painful moans. Eric stops to 
rub just Devon's dick head causing the teen to cry out 
in pleasure and pain. Gwen excited by the site before 
her watches focused on both Devon's stiff dick and the 
anguish on his face. She cums on the chair she's 
sitting on just as Eric forces Devon to another orgasm. 
He grips the teen's dick tighter as Devon's cock 
splurges out six heavy thick loads of teen cum.

"Fuck, no more. My dick is so fucking sensitive it 
hurts," Devon begs. "Please Gwen, make him stop playing 
with my dick," he whimpers and stares at her for some 
kind of relief. 

Eric continues to masturbate the teen star quickly 
jerking off Devon's shaft, but slowly rubbing his cock 
head. The bound teen shakes his head from side to side 
and tries to pulls his sore and tortured dick away from 
his assailant. "Stop touching me. I'm not gay. Come on, 
let go of my dick. Stop it."

"That's it, Eric, rape that teen boy cock. Suck the 
faggot's five inch meat! Make him cum so hard it hurts. 
And suck him like a vacuum while he's coming, milk him 
dry until he passes out, baby," Gwen says to Eric 
demandingly. 

"No! Gwen what are you doing? I thought you're gonna be 
my girl. Come on, I ain't gay. Tell him to stop. This 
ain't funny. I ain't into this shit. Stop! No don't," 
Devon Sawa beseechingly implores the man and woman. 

"Bitch's right, tiny cock like yours ain't made for 
fucking. It's made for milking," Eric glares at the 
frightened and naked teen. Gwen stares wickedly at 
Devon as he's dominated by the older man gripping his 
rock hard penis.

"Yah baby, rape his dick," Gwen encourages the man.

"No, don't. Come on, no... Please, don't do this to me. 
You can't, I'm a guy," Devon tries to persuade Eric. 
The older man tightens his grip around the teen's dick 
and only Devon's now purple mushroom cock head peeks 
out from Eric's powerful fist. He chokes the cock shaft 
slightly, then gives Gwen a naughty smile and wickedly 
glares into the teen star's eyes before licking Devon's 
cock head. Being so sensitive after being forced to 
blow his load twice, as Eric's lips cruelly wraps 
around his dick head the young blond teen's body 
immediately jumps as if electricity just shot into the 
tip of his cock.

"Oh man, stop it. Oh, oh, oh god... This can't be 
happening. Stop, I'll give you money, whatever you 
want. I won't say anything, just let me go," Devon 
bargains just as Eric's tongue toys with his piss slit 
swallowing his leaking pre-cum. Eric stops fisting the 
teen's cock shaft and begins gently kneading his plump 
balls with both hands. 

Without warning he suddenly deep throats the kid's cock 
engulfing the whole five and half inch rod down to the 
sparse blond pubes. He sucks the teen prick like 
there's no tomorrow. Devon's body now covered in his 
own cum and sweat begins to heave and shake in orgasm. 
The young teen's cock shoots a weaker amount of boy 
jism, but Eric swallows it all and doesn't let up on 
sucking Devon's much abused Viagra-hardened cock.

"Stop it, you're killing me. I can't take no more. My 
dick... It hurts... Stop, man," Devon snivels.

Again and again Devon's prick quivers in Eric's mouth. 
He is forced to orgasm and dry cums as his virgin teen 
cock is raped over and over by the older man's 
suctioning mouth. Gwen watches sadistically as the teen 
boy's eyes roll back in his head and his cock violently 
quivering in yet another dry and painfully orgasm as he 
passes out.

Moments later Eric slaps Devon around to wake him up. 
The teen stirs just as Gwen throws several clean pairs 
of Devon's own low cut white briefs on his face. 

"What are doing with my underwear?" he asks.

"Sweet cakes, we ain't done with your milking. You're 
gonna personally autograph your tighty-whities, but 
we're gonna use your dick as a pen. Gonna sell those 
cum soaked briefs of yours and make us a lot more 
money," Gwen says deviously taking a pair of his 
briefs. She puts a finger out through the fly and 
pretends to jerk it off like it was Devon's cock.

"You can't. Please, I'm spent. My balls are empty. I 
can't take anymore. You can't make me cum anymore."

Eric approaches Devon on the bed and brings a syringe 
to his face, then points it down toward his balls. 

"See this... It's a special drug. It'll make your 
testicles go on over load and make lots and lots of 
cum. If you don't give up the jism your cock and balls 
will be aching." 

"Oh shit, no. Oh god. Please, don't... No," Devon begs 
as Eric grabs his scrotum. Gwen takes the ripped briefs 
Devon wore earlier on their date and shoves them in the 
teen's mouth to stifle his scream just as Eric inserts 
the needle into the kid's right testicle. The man 
leaves the needle in the boy's ball and watches as 
Devon's body stretches in and out in pain. The teen 
desperately tries to draw his legs up together, but 
can't since he's still securely tied spread-eagle. The 
man takes a second syringe and impales it into Devon's 
left testicle.

He takes both syringes and injects their contents into 
Devon's testicles. Gwen takes the camera and aims it 
directly at the teen's exposed crotch as a small bead 
of pearl white cum bubbles out from Devon's piss slit 
as if it were forced out by the syringes. Eric 
maliciously shakes the still imbedded needles in the 
teen's balls causing Devon's body to rack up in pain. 
The bastard pulls the needles out as the young teen 
looks at him imploringly. 

A little blood trickles down from each of the kid's 
balls. Eric puts a hand on either of Devon's hairless 
pink white inner thighs. He rubs the teen's skin before 
forcing his legs wider apart making the lad more 
vulnerable with his crotch openly displayed before the 
man. Eric leans forward and licks each ball clean 
before completely engulfing the whole ball sac in his 
mouth. Devon lets out a pitiful whimper.

Gwen approaches him. She rubs his cum and sweat covered 
belly scraping his belly button with a red painted 
nail. She leans forward and licks the little pearl drop 
of come oozing out of his dick hole, and then expertly 
deep throat's the teen star's hard on to the base. She 
sucks and her head bobs up and down on Devon's ever 
sensitive cock. The teen boy moans as she stops with 
just her lips tightly wrapped around his dick head. His 
assailants rape his Viagra hard dick for about fifteen 
minutes, when suddenly Devon's cock erupts and to his 
surprise and pain Devon shoots twelve heavy loads of 
teen boy jism into Gwen's waiting mouth. 

She spits his boy juices all over his crotch. It's the 
most he's ever ejaculated and it was forcefully and 
painfully milked out of his tender balls and super-
sensitive teen prick. His body is racked and over-
stimulated by his orgasm. Eric aims the camera at 
Devon's crotch and face capturing the young man's oral 
rape just as Gwen's lips releases Devon's rock hard 
penis. 

Cum dribbles down from his piss slit and coats his cock 
shaft. Gwen takes several pairs of Devon's white briefs 
and wipes the cum off of his dick. She rubs the briefs 
roughly over his cock head and wrapping his cock shaft 
over the fabric coating it with his freshly milked teen 
juices. With his dick super-sensitive from his forced 
orgasm the teen star groans in pain as his sore cock is 
rubbed. Gwen places the cum-soaked briefs in a bag. 

"I wanna see you fuck the cum outta of him," Gwen says 
wickedly. 

Eric quickly unties Devon, but the teen heart throb is 
too weak from his forced orgasm to resist and is picked 
up like a rag doll. The man takes his hard cock and 
rubs it against Devon's teen ass as Gwen takes the 
camera and records Devon's continued rape and 
domination. She takes a shot of Devon's hard cock, 
which is pointing up to his belly button, then pans up 
to his face... Dreamy she thinks to herself. 

Suddenly the young man's expression changes to a mask 
of intense pain. Again, Eric puts him in a Full Nelson 
and with one quick powerful thrust fucks Devon deep in 
the ass. Devon being much shorter than Eric is lifted a 
foot off the floor. Eric moves around positioning 
Devon's profile in front of the camera. Devon's hard 
cock and balls bounce around as he's fucked. He moans 
wearily and his luscious teen lips whimper out pleads 
for mercy.

"Oh god, oh man, please stop. I'm not into this. I'm 
not gay. Please take it out. Oh, please... It's too 
big... it hurts," the teen star begs for the fucking to 
stop. 

Eric increases his fuck pace and suddenly spears his 
man cock into Devon's once virgin ass. Devon ashamed he 
can no longer control his body tries hard, but in vain 
not to cum. With Eric's cock head rubbing into his teen 
prostate, Devon is helpless and unwillingly forced into 
another orgasm. In front of the camera he shoots his 
teen boy cum with a man deeply fucking him in the ass. 
Gwen sets the camera on a tripod and walks over to the 
captive star still being fucked senseless by Eric. She 
kneels between his legs and takes his Viagra harden 
dick and bending it 90 degrees from his crotch causing 
Devon to cry out in pain. Gwen cruelly rapes his dick 
sucking it to the base, then licking and sucking just 
the cock head.

"No, not that. I'm so sensitive. No, not my dick. 
Please stop sucking it. Oh god. It hurts!"

"My turn," Gwen tells Eric. The man abruptly stops 
fucking Devon and throws him on the bed. He jerks 
himself off and comes all over Devon's face coating his 
blond hair with his cum. The celebrity turns around on 
his back and sees Gwen approaching him. He's shocked to 
see her wearing a twelve inch strap-on dildo. Scared he 
starts to back away, but she grabs his feet and pulls 
him closer.

"Didn't you want me to fuck you tonight, Devon," she 
whispers into his ear? She pulls his legs over her 
shoulders and prepares to fuck him like a girl. The 
dildo cock head rubs up and touches the opening of his 
boy pussy. 

"Why are you doing this to me? I thought you liked me," 
the teen begs her. Two inches of the phallus penetrates 
Devon's already well-fucked ass. He moans. 

"Because you're so cute and fuckable," Gwen again 
whispers into his ear as she fucks the strap-on all the 
way into his ass causing him to sigh in unwanted 
pleasure and to whimper at the utter humiliation of 
being raped by a woman.

"Eric, suck him off while I fuck him," Gwen orders as 
she fucks the dildo in and out of Devon. Without 
hesitation Eric jumps on the bed and grabs Devon's 
dick, starts milking it, and sucks it deep. They anally 
and orally rape him for over an hour. Devon Sawa is 
milked and forced to cum over and over again against 
his will. Gwen fucks him deep with the strap-on and she 
wiggles her body just right and rapes his teen prostate 
as Eric deep throats the young man's cock. 

Completely humiliated as his ass is raped by a girl 
while a man sucks and pumps his teen cock, Devon's body 
begins to tense and sexually over-stimulated he shakes 
in orgasm and his ass muscles tighten around the faux 
cock embedded in his boy pussy. His five and half inch 
boy cock is engulfed in Eric's vacuum sucking mouth. 
The teen's dick quivers as Eric continues to suck and 
tongue his ever so sensitive cock head. Again Devon 
shoots twelve thick loads of pearl white cum into Eric 
greedy suctioning mouth. Eric swallows every drop. 
Devon cries out in pain because the man doesn't let up 
on sucking even after Devon's stopped ejaculating.

Gwen still has the strap-on cock deep in Devon as she 
watches Eric rape the teen's sensitive and heavily 
milked cock. 

"Oh man, stop. You gotto stop. Gwen, make him stop 
sucking my... og oh my god... my cock. Stop it," Devon 
begs helplessly. For a moment Gwen watches the 
relentless oral rape and the anguish on Devon's face.

"Ask him to punch you really hard in the balls," she 
tells Devon. Eric sucks just the tip of the teen's 
super-sensitive dick and Devon's nerves all seem 
centered in his boyhood. 

"What?" he's confused by her and asks.

"Ask Eric nicely to rack up your balls. Ask him to 
punch them very hard. And then he'll stop sucking your 
pitiful little dick," she says with a naughty and 
wicked look of domination. She shakes the cock in 
Devon's ass to get her point across, which causes Devon 
to painfully orgasm again shooting yet several more 
loads of teen jism into Eric's hungry mouth. Devon 
cries and whimpers and begs them to stop, 

"Okay... okay. Please, punch me really hard in the 
balls. Please rack up my testicles. Punch me in the 
balls. Just please stop sucking my dick... Please punch 
me in the balls."

Eric stops his oral rape, turns to Gwen with smile, and 
begins pumping Devon's much abused cock with one hand. 
Gwen suddenly begins to deep fuck the strap-on phallus 
in and out of Devon's ass. Soon his body is again in 
the convulsions of another orgasm. 

"What are you doing? Please stop," Devon pleads as Gwen 
plows his ass deep. 

Eric tightly wraps his fist around the teen's dick as 
if to choke off the cum from shooting out. Several 
drops of teen jism dribbles out from Devon's piss slit 
covering his cock and Eric's hand. 

"Punch him now," Gwen demands. Eric continues to pump 
Devon's dick, but balls up his other hand into a fist 
and lands a heavy punch to the kid's unprotected 
jewels. Devon moans in pain and Eric punches him in the 
balls two more times just as the teen star continues to 
come. It's as if Eric's punching the jism out of his 
testicles. Devon's cock slit splurges out a pool of cum 
onto his belly. Gwen quickly and roughly pulls her 
strap-on cock out of Devon's sore ass. Eric immediately 
takes Devon's legs spreading them far apart and WHACK! 
He kicks Devon in the nut sack really hard three times.

Devon crawls into a fetal position in bed and clutches 
at his tortured balls and milked cock. He coughs and 
sobs. The villains give him a moment of respite.

"We're not done yet, fuck boy," Eric says as he grabs 
Devon by the ankle. He wrestles with the teen and 
manages to subdue him. Eric grabs Devon's dick, which 
is surprisingly still hard and begins milking him 
again. 

"No, stop. Don't touch me. You said you'd stop milking 
me. Let go off my dick, pervert," the teen star says as 
struggles with the groping hand fondling his cock. 

Gwen approaches them and spreads Devon's thighs apart 
to give her more access to his already vulnerable 
boyhood. She shoves three fingers into his asshole, 
finds his prostate and finger fucks him without mercy. 
With her other hand she grasps Devon's hairless balls 
and begins to squeeze them gradually increasing the 
pressure.

"Oh god, my balls. You're crushing my balls," Devon 
sobs with tears welling up in his eyes. 

Suddenly he comes so hard it hurts. He dick hole spits 
out seven heavy loads of teen jism just before he 
passes out from the nerve-wrecking stimulation of the 
finger-fucking, cock milking, and ball torture. 

Eight o'clock in the morning and Devon Sawa is in bed 
with his hands tied to the bed posts. His legs are also 
tied over his shoulders. He's spread-eagled with his 
asshole exposed along with his now flaccid two-inch 
penis. His hairless balls still seem swollen and full 
of cum. The teen star wakes and is shocked that it 
wasn't a nightmare, it was real, it did happen, and 
that he's still captive to his rapists. 

He looks around and glad to see no one is there, 
especially Eric. Being raped and dominated by a woman 
was humiliating, but he wasn't gay and the horrid 
things Eric did to his mouth, cock and balls, and 
raping his ass and taking his cherry had the young man 
quite distraught and confused. He hears some noise from 
the bathroom and afraid it may be Eric, Devon struggles 
to get out of his bindings, but is unsuccessful. He 
looks up and sees Gwen staring at him with her wicked 
smile. She's fully dressed.

"Loved our date." She takes a moment and admires his 
subjugated and naked body. So vulnerable and helpless 
with the way he's tied up. His cheeks turn a little red 
as she gazes at his body and spends some time staring 
at his flaccid teen prick. She opens the palm of her 
hand and reveals ten blue pills. 

"Swallow," she tells him. 

Devon shakes his head no and turns away from her. "No, 
more. Not the Viagra again. Please." 

She pulls out and opens a switch blade, grabs his soft 
cock, stretches it, and places the blade just beneath 
the base of his dick. "Do it or I'll cut your cock and 
balls off." She lifts the blade up to his cock shaft 
and Devon in fear opens his mouth and swallows the blue 
pills. 

"I love raping your dick, Devon. It's so cute when it's 
all hard and red. You're gonna be hard for hours, baby. 
And you're gonna be hard when they find you," she says 
wickedly as she takes Devon's flaccid two-incher 
between her thumb and fore finger and begins jerking 
him off. 

"What do you mean," Devon asks puzzled? Suddenly she 
goes down on his crotch and envelopes his little soft 
prick in her mouth. In a few minutes his dick is a 
solid hard five and half inch piece of teen meat. She 
sucks on just his cock head for awhile and then 
releases the stiff prick as it now points up at the 
ceiling. Gwen takes out a twelve inch vibrator from her 
purse and begins teasing the outside ring of Devon's 
asshole. 

"No. Come on you had your fun, no more. Jesus, Gwen, 
not that. No please," Devon whines and pleads.

"No, no... No, don't," Devon begs her. Gwen jams the 
dildo up his very well-fucked no longer virgin asshole, 
wiggles it about a little, and turns it on in its 
medium setting. The celebrity's body arches and he 
attempts to struggle in vain as Gwen rapes his boy 
pussy with the vibrator. Devon moans as cum spills out 
of his piss slit onto his belly. Gwen leaves him for a 
moment with the vibrator still deeply impaled inside 
his ass. She returns with a vacuum cleaner. Gwen 
attaches its hose, plugs it in, turns on the vacuum, 
and approaches Devon's body which is now glistening 
with sweat and cum. She takes his stiff prick, jerks 
him off, and shoves his dick into the suctioning 
vacuum. 

"Bye, now. And thanks for your autographs," she says to 
him as she shows him a clear plastic bag full of his 
cum-soaked briefs." She leans forward, sucks just the 
exposed base of his Viagra hardened cock, and then 
engulfs his whole ball sack, eliciting moans from the 
teen boy celebrity.

"You can't leave me like this. Please, my career will 
be ruined. Don't leave me naked liked this, Gwen!" The 
lights go out, the door shuts, Gwen is gone, and Devon 
Sawa's body convulses in another forced orgasm and the 
teen's much abused penis is raped by the vacuum and his 
ass by the dildo. 

For about an hour Devon is alone and all his attempts 
to free himself fail and he's unable to remove either 
the vibrating dildo or the vacuum. Suddenly there's a 
knock on the door. 

"Housekeeping," Devon hears. "Oh, no," he says to 
himself and begins to struggle in vain. The door opens 
and two cleaning workers, two girls in their early 
twenties, enter. Devon continues to struggle. As they 
reach the center of the room someone switches the 
lights on and the girls are surprised by the sight 
before them: a completely naked and bound blond teenage 
boy spread-eagled with his legs over his shoulders, his 
exposed balls, his cock enveloped by the hose of vacuum 
cleaner, and a dildo up his ass. 

One girl covers her mouth, the other looks just as 
confused, but neither of them averts looking at the 
captive cute boy in bed. "Devon Sawa," one girl says in 
Spanish accent. No, they recognize me Devon thinks. His 
face blushes into a deep red as he's consumed with 
embarrassment and utter humiliation. He realizes the 
younger girl is the cleaning staff who groped him in 
the hallway earlier. 

"It's not what it looks like. Please help me, untie 
me," he tells them. The older girl finds the strap-on 
dildo on the floor next to the bed. The younger of the 
two approaches him as her friend closes the door and 
they immediately return to gaze at the naked young man.

"Oh, thank you. Thank you," Devon says prematurely 
thinking he was going to be released. The younger woman 
touches the ropes binding his hands and ankles to the 
bed posts. "No, don't take them off," her friend says 
in Spanish. "This is the chance of a life-time. Do you 
know who he is?" 

To Devon's disappointment the girl hesitates and 
doesn't release his bindings. "I was just checking the 
ropes. They seem awfully tight... I know who he is. 
Devon Sawa, teen movie star. And we have him all to 
ourselves... naked and helpless," the young woman 
replies also in Spanish. Devon doesn't understand them, 
but realizes he's in trouble by the looks they're 
giving him. For awhile the girls just ogle his sweat 
and cum soaked naked body focusing on the vacuum and 
dildo raping the young celebrity. 

"Please let me go. I got money, lots of money. I'll pay 
you," he bargains with them. "You gotto take it out. 
Please, man." 

The young women look at each other, speak for a moment, 
then stare intently at Devon's exposed asshole as the 
buzzing vibrator ravages his ass muscles and rapes his 
prostate. The younger one takes the mouth of the vacuum 
hose, wraps her hand around it and Devon's hard on, 
then gently masturbates both pumping them up and down. 

Devon moans like a dog in heat just as she finally 
removes the hose raping his dick. They stare at his 
teenage cock with its shaft raw and red and the 
mushroom head now a mean purple, sensitive and sore 
from so much abuse. A drop of pre-cum leaks out of his 
dick slit. The second woman pulls the vibrator out of 
his ass, sets it on its highest setting, and then 
amuses herself by shoving it in and out of his boy 
pussy. 

Devon's body shakes every time the tip of the dildo 
touches his prostate. The woman watches her helpless 
victim, smiles an evil smile, and shoves the 12 inch 
vibrating dildo deep into his ass. They watch as his 
cock spills out a pool of cum onto his belly. The first 
girl leans forward and begins orally raping his dick. 
Her friend puts on the strap-on cock and removes the 
dildo from his ass. She positions herself and begins to 
slowly penetrate his boy twat as the other girl deep 
throats his very sore dick. He moans in pleasure and 
pain. They rape him for two hours changing places one 
girl sucking his dick and the other fucking his asshole 
hard with the strap-on.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One Year Later

Devon Sawa is at movie producer Larry Jones's office 
for private audition for a period piece movie his agent 
had told him they were considering him for a role. He 
had just returned from the bathroom after changing into 
his costume. The producer thought it would be better to 
see Devon audition for the role dressed in the period 
outfit. 

When he saw himself in the bathroom mirror Devon 
blushed. His costume mainly and only consisted of a 
very low cut white almost translucent Greek tunic and a 
very thin loincloth. The young teen star feels almost 
naked and vulnerable as the costume left little to the 
imagination. The tunic is cut low just barely covering 
his crotch and the loincloth is practically just a 
sliver of fabric covering his butt crack in the rear 
and in the front the fabric barely holds in his teen 
penis and balls. 

An erection he feared wouldn't only tent the material, 
but literally leave his dick and ball sac naked and 
exposed. To his most utter embarrassment, he realized 
he looked more like a girl or even more boyish in the 
costume. With very few block busting movies landing on 
his lap and at his agent's advice about period pieces 
being career makers he thought very little of his 
costume and returned to the producer's office.

"I think they might have gotten me the wrong size," he 
says to the producer as he covers his crotch with a 
copy of the movie script. 

Devon stands ready to audition. He had left his street 
clothes in the bathroom. The producer is leaning 
against his desk in front of Devon. He faces the young 
man and looks him over. The man is very professional 
looking dressed in suit and tie. 

"No, you look perfect in it. Just perfect for the role, 
but lets go over some scenes to see how you do, okay," 
he says lifting Devon's hands and instructing him to 
look over the script. This gives him an opportunity to 
look over how the loincloth barely covers the teen's 
genitals. Devon is too busy reading over the script to 
notice.

"Hey, there's a guy-on-guy kissing scene in this... And 
I ... my character gets fondled... masturbated by 
another guy," Devon inquires nervously? 

The man approaches Devon and puts both hands on his 
shoulders. Standing, he dwarfs the young star being 
taller than the boy by a good foot. 

"Well the story line is this: a young Greek prince is 
betrayed and captured by his father's political rival 
and sold into slavery to a Nubian warlord. It's very 
independent. And this is Hollywood. If you want your 
career to take off, you have to do some edgy and 
thought provoking material. You may even have to show a 
little flesh or even show your front and rear. This 
script has some totally nude scenes," the business 
savvy man explains to Devon professionally. 

The young teen turns his head down and looks at himself 
practically naked in his costume. 

"I guess," he says to himself reluctantly. 

"Why don't we go over some scenes right now and see how 
comfortable you are with the material. You know we 
originally had Leonardo Di Caprio and Jessie McCartney 
interested in the role," the man lies to the naï¿½ve 
teen. 

The older guy pulls up a chair and sits on it 
pretending it's a throne as Devon begins reading from 
the script, "You won't get away with this, traitor. My 
father will never pay your ransom. He'll bring the army 
and you will be executed." Devon stands proudly with 
his hands at his hips challenging the traitor 
character.

"Fool, I am the army. And I await no ransom from a dead 
man who can pay no ransom," the character villain 
explains with a smile. "The king and your whole family 
are dead. You are the only seed of the kingdom that is 
left and you are mine to do with as I please." 

Playing his role the young star charges at the man and 
is overpowered. The man forcefully rips off the 
prince's tunic garbs leaving the young man in nothing, 
but his skimpy loincloth. Devon is taken aback at how 
real the producer is playing his role as domineering 
villain and soon finds his himself on the man's lap 
arms restrained and his legs splayed open. 
Mr. Jones faces Devon and asks, "Ready for that kissing 
scene?" 

Before Devon can protest he pulls the boy's head and 
locks lips with him. The man's tongue is deep in 
Devon's mouth and is forceful and too real for the 
young celebrity, who now begins to pull away and 
struggle against the older man. The man holds him tight 
and Devon's is helpless and shamed to suddenly realize 
his teen prick getting semi-erect by the unwanted and 
deep kissing. His breath feels like its being sucked 
from him by the man, who now has a hand snaking up 
Devon's leg, rubbing up into his smooth inner thigh 
between his legs. 

Devon closes his legs in protest. His mouth unable to 
vocalize a NO since the man's mouth is still tightly 
locked onto his playing with his tongue. Too late, the 
man slips his hand inside the loincloth and begins 
fondling Devon's teen parts. The man gropes both the 
teen's cock and balls before completely tearing off the 
flimsy loincloth leaving Devon's now three inch semi-
erect penis exposed. He wraps a fist around the teen 
dick and rapidly jerks off the young man until he's 
fully erect with pre-cum glistening and coating the 
mushroom dickhead. 

Devon manages to speak when the man releases him from 
the tight kiss. "NO! Stop, please I ain't into this. 
I'm not gay." 

The guy rubs the tip of the teen's cock and Devon's 
lets out a moan. Releasing the engorged dick, he picks 
up a remote control and suddenly an LCD camera hanging 
above them projects a movie on the wall in front. The 
image is all too familiar and frightens the young naked 
teen as he sees himself on the screen wall being fucked 
deep in the ass by Eric. The profile shot clearly 
capturing his rape and humiliation as his hard cock 
bounces up and down with each thrust that penetrates 
his teen ass. 

The man returns to jerking him off rubbing his cock up 
and down without mercy. Devon cums just as the Devon on 
screen shoots his load of teen jism as Eric spears his 
ass a foot off the ground with his man cock up Devon's 
ass.

Larry Jones pushes Devon off of him and the teen lands 
on his butt on the floor. He's completely naked covered 
in his own cum and turns to look at his continued rape 
and domination on screen. His face blushes and he turns 
to find a huge cock in front of him. The man pushes him 
back to the wall and Devon makes to get up, but two 
forceful hands on his shoulders keeps him on his knees. 

"If you know what's good for you and if you don't want 
this distributed all over Hollywood, you're going to do 
everything I say," Larry Jones intimidates the teen as 
he slaps his cock across Devon's face. "Now, suck my 
cock, boy!" 

A defeated and hopeless Devon Sawa opens his mouth and 
begins giving the man a blowjob. The man pushes the 
teen's head up against the wall. As images of Eric and 
Gwen milking Devon's teen dick is projected against 
their bodies and the wall he skull fucks the teen star. 
He cums in the young man's mouth, then all over the 
teen's face. 

"Get up, sissy boy," he orders. "Turn around! Hands on 
the wall and spread your legs wide!" Devon does what 
he's told.

A hand wraps around Devon's hard five and half inch 
dick and again begins to masturbate the teen boy. 

"Bet his this little rod is sensitive especially after 
you've just cum," the man whispers close to Devon's 
ear. 

The fist gripping his cock tightens and pumps the teen 
sausage up and down causing young Devon to whimper. The 
man suddenly inserts three fingers into Devon's ass and 
finds the teen's prostate and begins to play with the 
teen's love button. He finger fucks the teen hard and 
the young man can't help, but cum a second time his 
teen boy juices splattering all over the wall. 

"Please, stop. No more, I can't take it. Please, stop 
milking my dick," the young teen pleads for mercy. 

Devon's legs fail him and he collapses against the 
wall. The man grabs him by the hair and forces him to 
stand again. He doesn't relent on milking the teen's 
cock and Devon cries painfully as his sensitive, sore, 
much abuse teen cock is continually raped by the man's 
hand. 

The milking stops all of a sudden, Devon's head is 
slammed against the wall, and he feels a new pain 
thrust deep into his asshole as the man's huge twelve 
inch man cock pierces his boy pussy hard causing the 
teen to rise and stand on the tips of his toes. As the 
man fucks him hard he also slams Devon's hips against 
the wall causing the teen to crush his hard cock and 
balls against the wall.

"Oh, god NO! My balls," Devon cries out as he's 
brutally fucked and crotch-slammed into the wall. 

Larry Jones fucks Devon for over an hour and cums deep 
inside his boy twat. With his man cock still embedded 
inside Devon, the man continues to rape the teen star. 
He grabs the boy's arms and puts him in a headlock. 
Devon Sawa doesn't resist as his ass is continually 
fucked. 

The office door opens and Jones's secretary Janice 
walks inside and her gaze immediately falls onto the 
naked young man. She notices his teen dick is flaccid 
and his face now flushed red with embarrassment.

"Hello, Janice," the man welcomes her. He pulls his 
cock out of Devon's sore ass only to shove it back 
deeply thrusting it into the youth. She hears Devon 
illicit a moan. 

"The Nubian extras you wanted are here. Shall I send 
them in," she says watching Devon be raped and 
humiliated. Tears stream down the teen's face.

"No, let them wait... As you can see by his two-inch 
cock, Devon here has a problem getting it up. Don't 
think he's man enough. Why don't you grab the bottle in 
my desk and give him ten tabs of Viagra," the man 
orders his secretary. 

"Oh shit, no. Please, that'll keep my penis hard for 
hours," Devon complains.

She does what she's told and approaches the teen with 
the blue pills, but the kid keeps his mouth shut. Mr. 
Jones grabs Devon by the hair and roughly pulls the 
teen's head back. With his other hand he grabs the 
youth's balls and viciously begins to squeeze them. 

"Swallow," he commands. 

Devon swallows them all and Janice confirms that he 
did. The man releases Devon's tortured balls and begins 
to slowly fuck the teen. Janice kneels down in front of 
Devon's splayed legs and watches as her boss fuck the 
teen to hardness. In just a few minutes Devon's five 
and half inch cock is fully erect standing 90 degrees 
from his crotch. A drop of pearl white cum leaks from 
the tip of his piss slit.

"Can I have his autograph," she says to her boss as she 
stares at the cum drop on the mushroom head of Devon's 
dick. Her boss nods his approval and to Devon's dismay 
she immediately grabs his dick and begins jerking off 
his tender and sensitive parts. She engulfs just the 
tip of cock into her warm and hungry mouth. With one 
hand she cups and massages the teen's ball sac and her 
other hand moves up between his legs up his ass to feel 
the older man's hard cock still lodged in the teen's 
asshole. Devon can only cry, moan, and groan for the 
next half hour as his ass is fucked and his cock 
forcibly sucked and milked of his teen jism. 

Devon painfully shoots five loads of cum into her 
waiting mouth and she swallows every drop and continues 
sucking his cock causing the teen heartthrob to spasm 
and struggle. The older man holds him tight with his 
own man cock still inside Devon's ass as his 
secretary's lips continue to tighten around the teen's 
dick and her suctioning continues to bring Devon to a 
new height of unwanted pleasure and pain. 

The man cums hard inside Devon's ass just as Janice 
releases the teen's cock. Devon Sawa collapses to the 
floor in fetal position clutching his tender and 
sensitive teen prick. 

"Send in the Nubians," instructs the older man. 

Janice kneels next to the teen and runs a finger up 
Devon's ass tracing it across from his ball sac up to 
his asshole. Her boss smiles at her and she violently 
shoves three fingers into Devon's boy hole causing him 
to arch his back exposing his crotch to open air. Devon 
ejaculates copious amounts of teen sperm all over his 
sweat covered body. Janice roughly pulls out her 
fingers turns the teen actor around and slaps him hard 
across the face. Devon just cries helpless and 
humiliated.

The producer presses a few buttons on a remote and 
Devon notices the mirrored walls open to reveal hidden 
cameras that had been recording everything since he 
walked into the office earlier. He shakes his head no 
realizing that for a second time his rape and 
degradation had been recorded. He was fucked... really 
fucked he thought to himself. 

"Jerk off that hard teen dick of yours, now," the man 
orders him.

"I can't, please don't make me. I came four times 
already... My dick really hurts," Devon pleads for 
mercy. The man gives him an evil grin. 

"Fine, the Nubians will suck, fuck, rape, and milk the 
teen juices out of you," he threatens. "Nubians," Devon 
thinks to himself and frightened at what was in store 
for him he begins rubbing his very sensitive teen cock 
with his legs wide open in front of the cruel man.

Devon jerks off for about ten minutes, but seems unable 
to cum. 

"Shoot your teen jism, boy," the man demands. 

The terrified youth grips his dick harder and 
grudgingly pumps his cock faster. 

He begins sobbing, "Please I can't. My dick hurts so 
much and my balls are empty." 

The man ignores him and Devon closes his eyes shut and 
continues to debase himself fisting his teen prick. 
When Devon opens his eyes he's surprised to find 
himself surrounded by five tall muscular black men all 
wearing black leather medieval loincloths. The teen 
star looks at the man imploringly, stops jerking off, 
and bolts for the door. 

His futile escape is thwarted with a swift and brutal 
kick to his balls. Janice the secretary catches him 
just outside the door by grabbing his shoulders, then 
planting a hard kick to his exposed cock and balls. 
Devon collapses to the floor in fetal position groping 
his teen balls. Two of the black thugs grab each of his 
ankles and painfully spreads his legs wide open as they 
drag him back into the room screaming. 

"My, look at his cock, it's still hard and stiff even 
after that kick," Janice mentions as she stares at his 
throbbing teen dick. 

The so-called "Nubians" again surround the naked teen. 
He's roughly made to stand up and one of the black men 
holds him in a full Nelson. Devon's body is sandwich 
between all the black men and they rub up against the 
now sniffling white teenager. He tries to kick them 
away, but is unable to bring his legs up with their 
huge bodies so closely pressed against his lanky frame. 
Devon's cum and sweat covered white skin is a deep 
contrast to the men's clean ebony bodies.

"Ever been gangbanged by five black studs, Devon boy," 
Mr. Jones asks as he's video tapes poor Devon's brutal 
ordeal.

"No! Get away from me, you fucking nigger perverts," 
the teenager yells at them! One of the men slaps Devon 
hard across the face. 

"Think you got balls, white boy," says the man who just 
slapped the teen. 

Suddenly his hand reaches out, grabs Devon's plump ball 
sack, yanks down hard and squeezes the young man's 
testicles. Devon yelps and as the man squeezes harder 
the teen screams out like a girl. A hand wraps tightly 
around the white teen's hard cock and begins jerking 
off the blond boy's already much abused and sensitive 
pole. 

"Got milk, white boy," the man smiles his pearly white 
teeth at the trapped boy and pumps the teen cock in his 
hand up and down stopping to rub the sensitive mushroom 
head. Devon whimpers as the man's finger tip toys with 
his cock slit and foreskin.

"Yes, milk his cock dry. Jerk him off until he passes 
out," Janice says egging on the men from behind Mr. 
Jones as she watches Devon's rape continue.

"The Nubians" each a take turn molesting and milking 
"the white boy's" stiff dick. They jerk him off, 
finger-fuck his asshole, and orally raped his hard five 
and half inch teen penis. Noticing he's about to cum, 
Janice manages to squeeze in, kneels, and sucks just 
the tip of Devon's prick as a black hand continues to 
fist his pink white dick shaft. The teen orgasms and he 
shoots five thick loads of teen jism into Janice's 
hungry mouth. Even after his forced ejaculation, her 
lips remain wrapped tightly around his cock-head 
sucking hard while the man also continues to milk his 
spent cock. 

"Oh, oh, oh god... Please stop... Stop sucking... 
Please let go of my dick. It hurts, please..." Devon 
begs. Much to his pain Devon is made to orgasm five 
times, two of which were dry.

"Get the brat on the table," Larry Jones commands. They 
easily lift Devon onto the table. Janice holds his arms 
back. The teen struggles, but two of the Nubians manage 
to pull both his legs back over his shoulders. The 
teen's crotch and asshole are left completely open and 
vulnerable to his rapists. Jones approaches Devon's 
helpless body. He grabs a hold of the young man's hard 
on and pumps it a few times before inserting three 
fingers deep into the blond teen's asshole. The man has 
the teen all worked up and on the verge of another 
forced orgasm, but he stops and they all watch as the 
teen boy's cock quivers in anticipation. Jones licks 
the head of the teenager's penis. Devon can't help but 
moan like a whore. 

The man moves up to suckle on each of Devon's hard 
nipples, then he latches his mouth over Devon's neck 
and gives the teen one hell of a hicky. He nibbles on 
Devon's ear causing the youth to sigh with pleasure. 

The man whispers to Devon, "Ever take two big fat black 
cocks in the ass, at the same time?" 

The man moves off of Devon's body, just as two Nubian's 
sporting the biggest cocks Devon has ever seen approach 
him with their ebony pricks aimed at his puckered 
asshole. Devon attempts to back away, but is held down 
against the table.

"Please don't do this. Don't fuck my ass with two cocks 
at the same time. Oh god, please don't. I ain't into 
this. I ain't gay. Please just let me go. Don't. No, 
no," Devon continually begs just as the first black 
guy's cock head touches his boy cunt. 

The teenager's eyes well up with tears and he shuts 
them close when the man's prick is shoved deep into his 
ass. The teen celebrity clenches his teeth in pain, but 
moans a little as the cock inside him rubs up against 
his prostate. Just as Devon feels the second black 
man's cock head rubbing up against his already cock-
filled boy twat, Devon's eyes bug out when the man 
suddenly and cruelly shoves his cock inside Devon's 
used asshole. The teen cries out and moans like a girl 
as his ass is filled with two fat black cocks and his 
rectum stretched to its limits. The men fuck him 
simultaneously and with each thrust their cocks rub 
against the teen's love button.

"They're fucking the cum out of him," Janice comments 
as she stares at Devon's hard teen dick leaking his boy 
juices out from his piss slit. At the humiliation of 
being savagely fucked like a girl, being forced to give 
up load after load of his teen boy milk, Devon's face 
flushes red matching his plum cock head. A sudden 
thrust by both men causes Devon to buck up his hips 
exposing his crotch to everyone. Devon orgasms, but his 
cock doesn't shoot out his load of boy jism. Instead a 
steady flow of pearl white cum dribbles out oozing from 
the teenager's cock slit coating his dick shaft and 
forming a pool all over his belly.

"Hah, white boy can't shoot, but he certainly dribbles 
like a girl," one of the black men says pointing to 
Devon's cock as more semen dribbles out onto his body. 

Mr. Jones and the Nubians each take a turn double-cock 
fucking Devon's asshole. After their fuck fest, Devon 
is pushed to the floor and made to kneel in front of 
each man. He is forced to suck off each man sometimes 
taking two cocks in his mouth. Janice watches on 
captivated as the men fuck Devon's mouth making him 
swallow their thick man juices or covering the teen's 
cute face and blond hair in their cum. Mr. Jones puts 
Devon in a full Nelson again and fucks the teen hard in 
the ass as each of the Nubians take a turn orally 
raping the celebrity teen's five and half inch hard 
dick. The man pulls out of Devon's ass, slaps his man 
cock against the teen's bubble butt and jerks off and 
comes all over Devon's ass. 

"Hold him," says Mr. Jones as he steps back and has one 
of the Nubians keep the teen standing by holding him up 
just by the hair on his head. The man kneels between 
Devon's open legs and stares at the teen boy's hard 
dick. He grabs the boy's hips and pulls Devon's crotch 
closer to his drooling mouth.

"Please, Mister, no more. Don't touch me, not there. I 
can't take any more. It's so sensitive. Please don't 
milk me. Please don't suck my dick... Oh god it hurts," 
Devon whimpers as the man's hand wraps around his very 
much abused and sore teen cock. 

He milks the teen's cock for a few minutes, and then 
swallows it down to the base of the teen's hairless 
crotch. Devon whimpers in pain, but suddenly moans in 
pleasure as the man starts to really work on his teen 
prick. Just as the teen begins to buck his hips and his 
abdomen begins to spasm, the man notices Devon is about 
to cum. He sucks just the tip of the young cock, licks 
the teenager's dick slit, and releases the throbbing 
cock allowing everyone to watch Devon's humiliation as 
the teen star orgasm in front of them. He shoots seven 
thick creamy loads of his teen cum, which splatters all 
over his chest, his crotch, and on the floor. 

Moments pass and the men now stare at the lanky teen 
exhausted by being forced to cum so much. His teen cock 
is now a flaccid two inches and it looks like a dead 
dried up worm between his legs. Devon is thrown onto 
the floor and the men each kick and stomp on the teen's 
cock and balls before the exit the room. 

"Oh god, my balls. Not my balls please stop kicking 
them. You're gonna bust my balls," the teen begs. They 
leave the teenager with his balls racked up in so much 
pain as he clutches them as he hides his cock and balls 
in fetal position is afraid they might just castrate 
him.

"He's your for two hours. Afterwards, Janice, get this 
useless piece of shit out of my office," Jones smiles 
at Janice with a demonic smile.

Janice, the secretary, is now left alone in the room 
with the teenage celebrity heartthrob who had just been 
dominated, humiliated, anally and orally raped, 
forcefully milked of his straight boy teen cum, and 
then painfully busted in the nuts. She looks at the 
broken teenager captivated by his utter helplessness 
and now under her total control to do with as she 
pleases. The sadistic secretary licks her lips in 
anticipation. 

Before Devon Sawa realizes it, he's on his back again 
and his hands are handcuffed to a pole and his legs are 
over Janice's shoulders. She has on a shiny metal strap 
on vibrating dildo. With a quick and painful thrust she 
penetrates Devon's well fucked ass. The teen doesn't 
even have the strength to resist as he's raped by the 
woman. He only whimpers as she shoves the thick dildo 
in and out of him. As she's fucking him, she turns on 
the vibrator and Devon begins moaning like a dog in 
heat. 

"That's it bitch. Moan like a dog, boy," she humiliates 
him as she grasps the teen's flaccid two inch dick and 
begins jerking him off. 

Janice fucks and molests him for two hours, but Devon's 
cock remains limp throughout the whole ordeal. Although 
limp-dicked, he's forced to cum three times by the 
vibrator raping his teen boy love button. Janice enjoys 
watching the cum spill out of the teen boy's drooping 
cock.

Later in the evening, Janice lets him go leaving him 
completely naked in a deserted neighborhood, but not 
before finger fucking a last and copious forced 
ejaculation from Devon. 

The teen heartthrob is left on the side walk naked by 
an alleyway and covered in cum and sweat. He cries to 
himself as his wilted dick continues to release his 
teen boy jism, which dribbles out of his piss slit. 
Devon sees Janice driving off and waving goodbye to 
him. He gives her the finger and crawls into the alley 
and hides behind a dumpster. 

A dirty calloused hand suddenly takes a hold of his 
flaccid teen dick and Devon turns around to find a 
homeless bum tightly gripping his teen cock.

"You're Devon Sawa, aren't you? Can I have your 
autograph," the dirty bastard says to him.

The teenager tries to push the dirty vagrant away, but 
the man is strong and pulls Devon's hips closer. Before 
the teen boy knows it both his cock and balls are in 
the deviant's sucking mouth. Minutes later the vagrant 
has overpowered poor Devon and the teen is on his back 
with his legs over the stranger's shoulders as the bum 
savagely sucks the teenager's now hard dick to the 
base. Devon tries to pull away, but the man begins to 
really suck him hard. 

Several teenage girls cut across the alleyway just in 
time to witness a struggling Devon Sawa on his back 
with a dirty bum raping his stiff cock. The girls stop 
in their tracks shocked and in awe. Devon with tears in 
his eyes whimpers out a girly moan as he notices them. 
He blushes utterly humiliated.

"Isn't that Devon Sawa? He's naked," one girl points 
out! 

"Holy shit, that guy's molesting him. He's raping him," 
a younger girl shows concern trying not to look, but 
peeking through her fingers. "We should tell someone," 
she begins walking away, but stops. She and her friends 
seem all too captivated and frozen by the scene. "Let's 
go."

"No, I want get his autograph too," another girl says 
as she stares intently at the bum's mouth engulfing her 
favorite celebrity teen's hard dick.

The man shoves a finger deep into the teen boy's ass 
and rapes the teen star's cock and ass forcefully. The 
girls watch on as Devon shoots load after load of teen 
boy milk deep in the bum's throat. 

"No more, please, stop sucking me," Devon pleads. The 
bum stops sucking the teen idol's cock and notices the 
girls watching. Devon has a moment of hope and starts 
to pull himself away on his elbows, but suddenly the 
vagrant pulls him closer by his balls and returns to 
sucking Devon's prick while completely ignoring the 
girls.

"Help me, please. He's making me... oh god, I'm 
cumming," Devon moans aloud and his hips jut out into 
the bum's raping mouth. 

To Devon's dismay the girls just watch his whole ordeal 
as the vagabond continues to ravage his teen cock and 
vigorously rape and milk the hot teen boy celebrity 
dry.

END

*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
The author does not condone child abuse, this story is
meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. Anyone acting
out such scenarios in "real life" can look forward to
many unproductive years getting it up the butt by a 
fellow convict in their local prison.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Arthur Wilde(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





