BDSM Library - Old Before His Time




Old Before His Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 






When I was 18 years old, I was a bit of trouble for my stepmom. You know, the
usual bad boy stuff. You see, my real dad divorced my stepmom and moved away
and I never knew my real mother. My dad married my stepmom when I was 9 and
though our relationship was strained and a bit distant, I considered her my
mother.

So at age 18, I was a real hellraiser. Finally one day, my stepmom, Donna, laid
down the law: I would follow her rules to the letter or I would be placed "in
the system," kicked out. She explained to me that she was my only family and
I'd lose it if I disobeyed her one more time. She announced that I would be
undergoing an "attitude adjustment".

First, she announced that I was being withdrawn from school and would become a
fulltime housekeeper for her. She also noted that I would be sleeping in her
bed with her so she could keep me under watch. But it was what she said (and
did) next that changed my life forever.

She said that I needed to become a new person and so she had me learn to wear
makeup and had 3 inch nails attached to my fingers. I was warned to never break
a nail or I would be punished. She gave my clothes to charity and purchased me
new clothes, all at second hand stores. She dressed me in the most outrageous
outfits. Usually, it was pants suited for an older woman: gold lame, silver
lame, red caprice, pink spandex. I always wore tops that must have been designed
for very large little girls, because they usually had Barbie or Barney or some
type of children's logo or mascot on them. She purchased many pairs of high
heeled pumps in my size for me to wear.

Using a chemical program she'd found on the Internet, she made me incontinent
of stool and bladder; I was forced to wear diapers full time. 

She said I needed an "anchor," so she decreed that I would take up smoking. She
placed me on a nicotine patch and gum program and by the end of the first week,
I was readily chain-smoking her More Menthol 120s.

She let my hair grow out and every morning, she'd put me in tight curlers,
which I'd wear all day and at night (with a few pins and a hairnet). In the
morning she'd take them out and start over again. My hair was only styled and
out of curlers for special occasions. 

But she did something that effected my life, I think, even more than the
diapers. One day, she had friends over, like she always did and they were
laughing at me, like they always did. One of the women brought along her 75
year old mother, who wore gigantic, thick, "Coke Bottle" glasses, the kind that
make your eyes look huge to others. The old woman complained that she had just
gotten new glasses and hated them and was going to throw them away.

My stepmom seized upon them and placed them on me and the room erupted in
laughter, even the old woman giggled as she blew a plume of smoke from her
Capri Menthol 120. 

I was ordered to go to the bathroom and look at myself. I stumbled around,
having trouble measuring depth perception and looked in the mirror. Everything
was fuzzy and I had to practically press my face to the mirror to see what I
would have called, in my wild days, the "gayest" glasses I've ever seen. They
were brown and big squares with rounded corners each with gold trim. The sides
came down in the front to attach to the glasses at the bottom.

Over the next month, the glasses never left my face and finally, my stepmom
removed them. I panicked! I was practically blind! She led me to an open book
and asked me to read. I saw a huge blob of print. Then she produced a big eye
chart and ask me to read it. Again, a huge blob. I was in tears and I heard her
murmur, "Perfect!".

Soon, her friends brought me "gifts" that produced gales of laughter among
them: a gold chain that attached to the sides of the glasses, stick on gold
initials, even those gigantic sunglasses senior citizens wear over their
regular glasses.

I'm 20 now, my stepmom "married" me off at age 18 to a 50 year old man who is
now my "husband". He is good to me and I love him. I have learned to enjoy sex
with him and am proud to be his wife. My vision has worsened and I have to wear
the huge sunglasses all the time, even inside. Because of chemicals my stepmom
fed me over the years, I'm weak and feeble and have to use a cane to get
around. My husband never complains about changing my diaper. For "sexual"
reasons, my husband had my teeth removed and I have dentures now. I wear silk
housedresses and slippers now mostly. I still chain-smoke More Menthol 120s,
which I keep in a black faux leather case. My days are spent as a housewife, I
work around the house, chain-smoke and drink wine. I look forward to the nights,
when I cuddle up with my husband, a pack of More Menthol 120s and wine to enjoy
"Murder, She Wrote" or "Matlock".



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verna Benson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





