BDSM Library - True Love at Last




True Love at Last
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The Femina Empire (by Pluto) results in true love for two Earth Women.






True Love at Last

Cherie walked about her house, happily contemplating, as well as heartily
enjoying, the fruits of the Femina Empire. Around her, naked and kneeling with
their heads bowed and eyes to the floor, were several male slaves whom She had
recently acquired. She was fully aware of the power She had over them, and that
satisfied Her to the depth of Her soul. At last the males were in their proper
place in the universe. The Femina Empire had only recently taken over the Earth,
and all Women were now attending classes on the new paradigm. Cherie reveled in
those classes, for they taught the newly liberated Women how to handle their
male slaves. There were between 25 and 50 slaves for every Woman, and therefore
all Women had to learn how to handle their personal slaves.

Cherie loved the Femina Empire. Here at last was Her completeness as a human
being. She sighed happily. The only thing missing now from Her life was a
significant other, a Woman to love with all Her heart. She had faith, though,
that this too would fall into place, as had all the other aspects of Her new
life.

One evening, while Cherie was enjoying a liesurely massage by two of Her male
slaves, there was a knock on the door. Cherie kicked one of Her slaves who was
kneeling at Her feet and ordered "Answer the door, boy!" As it turned out, it
was Cherie's neighbor Pamela. Cherie got up to greet Her friend and neighbor at
the door. "Hi Pam, how have you been, dear?" "Good to see you, Cherie", said
Pamela. Immediately, of course, all of Cherie's slaves dropped to their knees
and elbows in the 'greeting' position. Pamela hesitated a bit when She saw them
doing so, but She wisely decided to ignore them.

Cherie had known Pamela for quite a few years and they had devoloped a very
close friendship with each other during that time. Unfortunately, Pamela had
been married to an abuser named Fred. Cherie only too well knew that Fred had
tyranized Pamela for the almost twenty years of their marriage, but now that the
Femina Empire had taken control, Cherie was confident that Pamela had turned the
tables on that bastard Fred. She especially delighted in this thought, since she
realized, and hoped that Pamela had also realized, that there was much more than
mere friendship in their relationship.

Yes, Cherie and Pamela had always held a mutual but unspoken attraction for each
other, or at least so Cherie had let herself believe. They had often attended
movies together, during their long friendship, and sometimes during their
"dates", they had let their hands touch. Whenever that happened, both had
lingered, touching for a few seconds before they withdrew. Both Women, even
then, had known deep inside how they felt about each other, but neither would
totally expose their feelings in an environment in which the natural affection
between Women was suppressed by the oppressive male establishment. Inside, they
both knew that they loved each other very much, but unfortunately the taboos and
mores of the male-dominated society in which they then lived prohibited such
expression.

Now that Pam was here visiting Her the old memories came flooding back and
Cherie remarked "Isn't it wonderful now, Pam! The Empire has liberated us at
last!" As Cherie said this, She fully expected that Pam would also express the
same emotion and, possibly, hopefully, provide some evidence of the love that
Cherie had always suspected they held for each other. Also, Cherie's mind was on
Fred, in total confidence now that Pamela had finally turned the tables on that
bastard and put him in his place as Her slave. But instead Pamela answered "Yes,
I suppose it is, or will soon be."

"What do you mean 'will soon be'?", Cherie asked Pamela, incredulously. She
could hardly believe her ears. Pamela went on to explain that she was still
afraid of Fred. Even though Fred was now required by law to be naked at all
times when out in public, he still "insisted" (that's the word She used) on
being clothed and in control while at home.

Although now that the Empire had taken control, women were attending classes on
their new roles over males, Pamela had somehow allowed Fred still to browbeat
her. Having been battered regularly by him for over 20 years, she was even now
still afraid of him. Pamela broke out in tears and rushed to Cherie's side, who
immediately embraced her. "I *sob* always thought we had something in common
than mere neighbors, Cherie, did you?" Pamela asked this not without a tinge of
apprehension, and half expecting the answer to be "no", but Cherie answered
"Yes, Pam, oh my god, yes, dear. I've always wanted to tell you, but never had
the courage." At this, both Pamela and Cherie broke out in tears, but this time
they were tears of relief and happiness. Their lips then embraced in a long and
passionate and completely loving kiss, so very unlike the kisses they received
from selfish males during the pre-Empire days. Both women were floating on a
cloud. They had found true love at last.

After some discussion, Cherie persuaded Pamela to let her visit her house, to
see what mischief Fred was still trying to perpetuate. Pamela had renewed hope
for a happy life now that she and Cherie had found each other. As they entered
the house, Fred was waiting. He had a scowl on his face, but it immediately
turned to an expression of apprehension once he saw Cherie. He still had the
unmitigated gall, however, to remark to Pamela "Where have you been, bitch?".
That was enough for Cherie. She knew that Fred must have been fitted with the
ball collar, and she was ready with a remote. With one button press, she was
able to throw Fred to his knees grovelling in pain. But hadn't Pamela also been
able to do this? Yes, she had, for she too, as had all women, been issued ball
collar remotes, but poor Pamela, due to 20 years of being battered and beaten,
was unable to bring herself to use it, hence the continued ascendancy of Fred in
their marriage.

Cherie, however, knew full well women's place in the universe as mistresses over
males and she immediately began kicking the writhing form of the evil bastard
Fred, continuing until he lost consciousness. "This is how to treat a male,
Pam!" she said. "I'll take good care of you, sweetheart. You're free at last and
you needn't fear males any longer." Pamela broke into tears, tears for her love
of Cherie, and tears of joy, for she knew that what Cherie said was the truth.

Cherie at first regretted not having brought the maids here, for she had to do
the manual work of stripping and shackling this male wretch Ralph herself, but
soon she delighted in her task. "Maybe having the maids do all the slave
handling isn't such a good idea after all", Julia thought. Shortly after she was
done, Fred came to. At first, he didn't realize where he was and what happened
to him, but then the memories came back in a flood. He was humiliated to be
naked and bound before two women, especially when one of them was his mousy wife
Pam, but he was much much more angry than he was humiliated.

"You two bitches will pay for this!", he yelled. Cherie gasped, not from fear,
but from surprise that any male would dare express himself in such a way now
that the Empire has taken control. "Yes, we'll pay", Cherie responded, "we'll
pay you back for your evil ways, Fred. Your day has now arrived. As the
scripture says 'Yea, shalt the day come when males will pay with suffering for
the evils that their Satanic lord hath wrought upon this planet."

Now it was time for Fred to hesitate. He was not used to seeing Women in such
powerful positions. Even after the Empire had taken control, he was able to
still use his intimidation to dominate Pamela. "You cannot control me, bitch,
for I am a man", said Fred. At that, Cherie, who was ever armed with a whip at
her side, began using it on Fred, who was bound and had no recourse but to
submit and voice a cry of pain with every blow. Cherie continued whipping him
until he was again unconscious.

Pamela could no longer contain her emotions. "Cherie", she cried, "I love you!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" At this, Cherie embraced Pamela and reassured
her "You will no longer have to live in fear, my dearest Pamela, for the Femina
Empire is here to stay, and I am here to make sure you know it."

Cherie then called the police for Fred. Unless Pamela objected, Fred will be
taken to have his arms amputated as a woman batterer, and assigned to public
service as pony slave. For compensation, Pamela would receive three male slaves
from another planet in the Empire. Pamela did not object, but she did feel some
misgivings, as Fred was the father to her three children, two boys aged 8 and 9,
and one slave aged 7, but when she considered how badly their father had abused
them, and when she saw the obvious relief on her childrens' faces when Fred was
finally taken away, she wondered why she ever even worried that they would miss
their abusive father. The children, of course, would be deciding their own
places amongst themselves. Pamela's daughter, Hannah, had been abused by her
older brothers all of her life. Now they were under her control. There was no
hiding their place, for they were in the public school system, and Hannah knew
where they were at all times.

Cherie stopped, and looking down into Pamela's eyes, said "I love you, Pam." "I
love you too, Cherie.", sighed Pamela, and both women passionately embraced each
other, both knowing they were at long last home.










True Love at Last

Cherie walked about her house, happily contemplating, as well as heartily
enjoying, the fruits of the Femina Empire. Around her, naked and kneeling with
their heads bowed and eyes to the floor, were several male slaves whom She had
recently acquired. She was fully aware of the power She had over them, and that
satisfied Her to the depth of Her soul. At last the males were in their proper
place in the universe. The Femina Empire had only recently taken over the Earth,
and all Women were now attending classes on the new paradigm. Cherie reveled in
those classes, for they taught the newly liberated Women how to handle their
male slaves. There were between 25 and 50 slaves for every Woman, and therefore
all Women had to learn how to handle their personal slaves.

Cherie loved the Femina Empire. Here at last was Her completeness as a human
being. She sighed happily. The only thing missing now from Her life was a
significant other, a Woman to love with all Her heart. She had faith, though,
that this too would fall into place, as had all the other aspects of Her new
life.

One evening, while Cherie was enjoying a liesurely massage by two of Her male
slaves, there was a knock on the door. Cherie kicked one of Her slaves who was
kneeling at Her feet and ordered "Answer the door, boy!" As it turned out, it
was Cherie's neighbor Pamela. Cherie got up to greet Her friend and neighbor at
the door. "Hi Pam, how have you been, dear?" "Good to see you, Cherie", said
Pamela. Immediately, of course, all of Cherie's slaves dropped to their knees
and elbows in the 'greeting' position. Pamela hesitated a bit when She saw them
doing so, but She wisely decided to ignore them.

Cherie had known Pamela for quite a few years and they had devoloped a very
close friendship with each other during that time. Unfortunately, Pamela had
been married to an abuser named Fred. Cherie only too well knew that Fred had
tyranized Pamela for the almost twenty years of their marriage, but now that the
Femina Empire had taken control, Cherie was confident that Pamela had turned the
tables on that bastard Fred. She especially delighted in this thought, since she
realized, and hoped that Pamela had also realized, that there was much more than
mere friendship in their relationship.

Yes, Cherie and Pamela had always held a mutual but unspoken attraction for each
other, or at least so Cherie had let herself believe. They had often attended
movies together, during their long friendship, and sometimes during their
"dates", they had let their hands touch. Whenever that happened, both had
lingered, touching for a few seconds before they withdrew. Both Women, even
then, had known deep inside how they felt about each other, but neither would
totally expose their feelings in an environment in which the natural affection
between Women was suppressed by the oppressive male establishment. Inside, they
both knew that they loved each other very much, but unfortunately the taboos and
mores of the male-dominated society in which they then lived prohibited such
expression.

Now that Pam was here visiting Her the old memories came flooding back and
Cherie remarked "Isn't it wonderful now, Pam! The Empire has liberated us at
last!" As Cherie said this, She fully expected that Pam would also express the
same emotion and, possibly, hopefully, provide some evidence of the love that
Cherie had always suspected they held for each other. Also, Cherie's mind was on
Fred, in total confidence now that Pamela had finally turned the tables on that
bastard and put him in his place as Her slave. But instead Pamela answered "Yes,
I suppose it is, or will soon be."

"What do you mean 'will soon be'?", Cherie asked Pamela, incredulously. She
could hardly believe her ears. Pamela went on to explain that she was still
afraid of Fred. Even though Fred was now required by law to be naked at all
times when out in public, he still "insisted" (that's the word She used) on
being clothed and in control while at home.

Although now that the Empire had taken control, women were attending classes on
their new roles over males, Pamela had somehow allowed Fred still to browbeat
her. Having been battered regularly by him for over 20 years, she was even now
still afraid of him. Pamela broke out in tears and rushed to Cherie's side, who
immediately embraced her. "I *sob* always thought we had something in common
than mere neighbors, Cherie, did you?" Pamela asked this not without a tinge of
apprehension, and half expecting the answer to be "no", but Cherie answered
"Yes, Pam, oh my god, yes, dear. I've always wanted to tell you, but never had
the courage." At this, both Pamela and Cherie broke out in tears, but this time
they were tears of relief and happiness. Their lips then embraced in a long and
passionate and completely loving kiss, so very unlike the kisses they received
from selfish males during the pre-Empire days. Both women were floating on a
cloud. They had found true love at last.

After some discussion, Cherie persuaded Pamela to let her visit her house, to
see what mischief Fred was still trying to perpetuate. Pamela had renewed hope
for a happy life now that she and Cherie had found each other. As they entered
the house, Fred was waiting. He had a scowl on his face, but it immediately
turned to an expression of apprehension once he saw Cherie. He still had the
unmitigated gall, however, to remark to Pamela "Where have you been, bitch?".
That was enough for Cherie. She knew that Fred must have been fitted with the
ball collar, and she was ready with a remote. With one button press, she was
able to throw Fred to his knees grovelling in pain. But hadn't Pamela also been
able to do this? Yes, she had, for she too, as had all women, been issued ball
collar remotes, but poor Pamela, due to 20 years of being battered and beaten,
was unable to bring herself to use it, hence the continued ascendancy of Fred in
their marriage.

Cherie, however, knew full well women's place in the universe as mistresses over
males and she immediately began kicking the writhing form of the evil bastard
Fred, continuing until he lost consciousness. "This is how to treat a male,
Pam!" she said. "I'll take good care of you, sweetheart. You're free at last and
you needn't fear males any longer." Pamela broke into tears, tears for her love
of Cherie, and tears of joy, for she knew that what Cherie said was the truth.

Cherie at first regretted not having brought the maids here, for she had to do
the manual work of stripping and shackling this male wretch Fred herself, but
soon she delighted in her task. "Maybe having the maids do all the slave
handling isn't such a good idea after all", Cherie thought. Shortly after she was
done, Fred came to. At first, he didn't realize where he was and what happened
to him, but then the memories came back in a flood. He was humiliated to be
naked and bound before two women, especially when one of them was his mousy wife
Pam, but he was much much more angry than he was humiliated.

"You two bitches will pay for this!", he yelled. Cherie gasped, not from fear,
but from surprise that any male would dare express himself in such a way now
that the Empire has taken control. "Yes, we'll pay", Cherie responded, "we'll
pay you back for your evil ways, Fred. Your day has now arrived. As the
scripture says 'Yea, shalt the day come when males will pay with suffering for
the evils that their Satanic lord hath wrought upon this planet."

Now it was time for Fred to hesitate. He was not used to seeing Women in such
powerful positions. Even after the Empire had taken control, he was able to
still use his intimidation to dominate Pamela. "You cannot control me, bitch,
for I am a man", said Fred. At that, Cherie, who was ever armed with a whip at
her side, began using it on Fred, who was bound and had no recourse but to
submit and voice a cry of pain with every blow. Cherie continued whipping him
until he was again unconscious.

Pamela could no longer contain her emotions. "Cherie", she cried, "I love you!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" At this, Cherie embraced Pamela and reassured
her "You will no longer have to live in fear, my dearest Pamela, for the Femina
Empire is here to stay, and I am here to make sure you know it."

Cherie then called the police for Fred. Unless Pamela objected, Fred will be
taken to have his arms amputated as a woman batterer, and assigned to public
service as pony slave. For compensation, Pamela would receive three male slaves
from another planet in the Empire. Pamela did not object, but she did feel some
misgivings, as Fred was the father to her three children, two boys aged 8 and 9,
and one girl aged 7, but when she considered how badly their father had abused
them, and when she saw the obvious relief on her childrens' faces when Fred was
finally taken away, she wondered why she ever even worried that they would miss
their abusive father. The children, of course, would be deciding their own
places amongst themselves. Pamela's daughter, Hannah, had been abused by her
older brothers all of her life. Now they were under her control. There was no
hiding their place, for they were in the public school system, and Hannah knew
where they were at all times.

Cherie stopped, and looking down into Pamela's eyes, said "I love you, Pam." "I
love you too, Cherie.", sighed Pamela, and both women passionately embraced each
other, both knowing they were at long last home.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pluto's Femina Empire Fan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





