BDSM Library - Grandma's Farewell Party




Grandma's Farewell Party
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Grandmother had lived a full 60 years, and done just about everything she ever wanted. But not everything. Her farewell party is intended to break taboos she grew up with, but had never witnessed or tried herself.






Grandma was beautiful at 60. At 5'9", she was a 
reasonable 150 lbs. A little plump in places perhaps, 
and her tits weren't as firm as I'm sure they once 
were. In fact, they were quite large and sagged 
somewhat, but that just added to the attraction. They 
bounced around a lot since she refused to wear a bra. 
But I noticed men still watching her when we went to 
the mall or to the movies.

I guess you could call Grandma an eccentric; she always 
knew what she wanted, and she always found a way to get 
what she wanted. And, at 60, she wanted a farewell 
party, on her own terms. She was quite healthy, more so 
than most people half her age. But, in her words, she 
had been everywhere and seen everything she wanted to 
see. However, she still had some things she hadn't done 
yet, and that was part of the reason for the party.

In addition to my folks, and her daughter (my aunt) and 
her husband and two grand daughters, she invited 
neighbors and friends she'd known for at least 20 
years. My dad, Jason, was 39, and his sister, Susan, 
was 37. My mom, Alexandra, was a year older than Aunt 
Susan. Uncle Thomas was about 40, and my cousins, 
Jessica and Joanna, were 19 year old twins. I'm Sean, 
the youngest guest, and I had just turned 18 two months 
earlier.

Grandma said more than 80 people were on the guest 
list, but wasn't sure how many would be able to make it 
to the party. The invitation stated the party would 
start with a BBQ at 4pm on Saturday, and accommodations 
would be made for all guests to stay over until Monday 
morning. You see, Grandma was quite wealthy, and had a 
huge house in the hills above town. Access was limited 
by a large wall with a guard gate. The grounds were 
immaculate, the grass trimmed just like the greens on a 
golf course. She had a huge patio with an oversized BBQ 
pit and an Olympic size pool.

The guests started arriving around 3:45. I was assigned 
the "meet and greet" duty, directing them to the tables 
holding appetizers and the open bar. By 4:15, Grandma 
came out to join her guests at her farewell party. She 
was wearing an expensive, tight-fitting dress, with 
apparently nothing underneath. There were no panty or 
bra lines. 

The caterers brought in two pigs on spits to roast over 
the coals in the BBQ pit. There were two racks, 
basically steel rods with "Y" shapes at the tops, and 
posted at each end of the pit, allowing the pigs to 
roast across the pit lengthwise. 

By 5:30, there were more than 60 guests, perhaps 64 or 
65. This was in addition to me and my folks, and my 
aunt's family. Now that it appeared that everyone who 
could attend was present, Grandma stepped up on the 
diving board to make an announcement. You could always 
count on her to take charge in any situation.

"Welcome to all, neighbors and old friends. I'm sure 
you all know my family," sweeping her hand toward the 
group of us standing just to the side of the board. "As 
the invitation indicated, this is my farewell party. I 
can imagine each of you is very curious as to the 
nature of this gathering, so this would be an opportune 
time to explain."

"I was born in 1970, and much has changed during my 
lifetime. The world's population has more than doubled 
since then, and global warming has reduced crop 
production by two-thirds, making it impossible to feed 
everyone. As you know, that is why all countries in the 
United Nations have adopted, and encourage, 
cannibalism. All those who die are processed and fed to 
those who survive in order to keep the human race from 
becoming extinct, too. Suicide is also encouraged, and 
that is the purpose of my farewell party this evening."

"But, before I go, I want to break every taboo that 
existed as I was growing up, and which I have not yet 
experienced," Grandma continued. With that, she easily 
slipped offer her dress, and stood on the diving board 
for all to see her naked body. She dropped her dress 
into the water below, then turned slowly to give 
everyone a good look. 
I was standing less than six feet away, and had never 
seen her naked before. Her hips and butt were larger 
than I imagined; maybe her clothes held them in tight 
to make her look slimmer. Her tummy showed traces of 
stretch marks, and her wonderful tits hung loosely, 
about half way toward her belly button. But, even 
sagging, they were huge and round and still stuck out 
with nipples as big as my index finger. I could not 
keep from staring, and my dick shot straight up in less 
than two heartbeats.

"I've invited each of you here tonight to take an 
active role in my farewell party. If you are not 
comfortable exploring new things, I will understand if 
you want to leave. Before we get started, let me just 
say that if you choose to stay and participate, no one 
will be allowed to leave before 8am on Monday. And 
everyone will be required to do exactly as I ask, or 
face uncomfortable consequences. If you would like to 
leave, my grandson, Sean, will escort you to the front 
door to retrieve your cars."

Only three women and one man decided to leave; I 
assumed they were neighbors since I hadn't seen them 
before. After escorting them out, I returned to the 
patio. Grandma was still standing on the diving board, 
stark naked, and laughing at something someone said 
about her tits.

"Well, Bill, you'll have plenty of opportunity to check 
out these big boobs up close and personal shortly." 
Grandma hefted them in her hands, and made them bounce 
for everyone to admire. "Before you get your hands on 
them, let me explain what I expect of everyone this 
weekend."

"I want everyone to start by stepping up on the diving 
board and stripping naked one at a time. Throw your 
clothes in the pool, because you won't be needing them 
again. When you drive home on Monday morning, you will 
do so without your clothes. I want you to experience 
the freedom of not having restrictions on the way we 
look at each other, and judge one another based on 
their attire."

"Susan, let's start with you." My aunt went completely 
pale; it looked like blood completely drained from her 
whole body.

"Mom, I couldn't. Not in front of all these people."

"Now, Susan, remember I said there would be unpleasant 
consequences if you failed to do exactly as I asked? 
You will be the first to set an example for the rest of 
our guests." As she said that, one of Grandma's body 
guards, Ted, came up behind Aunt Susan and hand-cuffed 
her behind her back. Another guard, Jeff, pulled out a 
large knife and began slicing her clothes off. In less 
than 15 seconds, she was completely nude. Then they 
hauled her up on the diving board to stand next to 
Grandma.

"Susan, turn around for everyone to see." My aunt did 
so slowly. With her hands behind her, she was unable to 
maintain her modesty. She just hung her head in shame 
and embarrassment. "The point of our evening together 
is to face taboos and overcome them enthusiastically. 
By refusing to do as I asked, you will serve as our 
table decoration." 

The body guards led Susan to the middle of the buffet 
table, and lifted her up on her back. Her legs were 
tied behind her head, making her cunt and rectum 
clearly visible, and easily accessible, to everyone. My 
aunt would stay that way until well after everyone had 
filed by the table filling their plates, most of them 
took time to insert at least one finger in Susan's ass 
or pussy, then wiggle it around to make her squirm and 
blush.

Grandma smiled and continued. "Jason, you're next." My 
dad hesitated for only a second or two, then stepped up 
on the board. It didn't take him long, and soon he was 
also completely naked. I had seen him naked before when 
we changed after swimming, and was impressed with the 
size of his dick. It was thick, and perhaps 10" or 11" 
limp, curving slightly to his right side. My dick was 
only about 8", and not all that thick by comparison.

My mom was next. Holy shit! What a turn-on to watch my 
own mother strip in front of 65 strangers. After 
throwing her clothes in the pool, she turned slowly to 
give everyone an eyeful. She was absolutely gorgeous. I 
had not seen here naked since I was a little kid, maybe 
5 or 6 years old. Mom was tall and slim, but curved 
enticingly in all the right places. Her breasts were a 
respectable C cup, still firm with very little sagging. 
Her nipples also stuck out; I imagine it was a real 
turn-on for her and Grandma to be naked in front of 
everyone.

Uncle Thomas was the next to go on the board, followed 
by my cousins, one at a time. They were young, and 
firm, with smallish tits and blonde pubic hair. After 
seeing what happened to their mother for hesitating, 
they climbed on the board and practically ripped their 
clothes off and flipped them in the pool.

Then it was my turn. I moved to the board and stood in 
front of my grandmother. I still had a hard-on, and 
blushed at the thought of my dick sticking straight out 
after I got naked. But I knew better than to hesitate, 
so I threw my clothes in the water. Sure enough, my 
dick pointed straight up at my Grandma. She just smiled 
and wrapped her hand around it.

"You'll have plenty of time to use this over the 
weekend. Be patient, Sean." I smiled back, but damn 
near came in her hand!

The stripping continued, until all but the body guards 
were nude. I'd enjoyed seeing each of the guests 
stripping; even the guys, since I was kind of comparing 
mine to theirs. Then the body guards climbed up on the 
board on either side of Grandma and began disrobing for 
the crowd. They were two huge black guys, with muscles 
on muscles. By the time they took their underwear off, 
most of the crowd just stared at their crotches. They 
had dicks stretching more than half-way to their knees 
when limp, thick as tree branches and balls the size of 
plums. Although there were three other black guests, 
none of them were equipped like these guys. Seeing 
their cocks made mine go limp with embarrassment.

My grandmother reached down and grabbed a big dick in 
each hand; she couldn't get her hands all the way 
around either one. Then she began to outline the 
festivities scheduled for the weekend.

"We are going to break many taboos before the weekend 
is over. As with Susan, anyone who hesitates or refuses 
to cooperate will be punished. This is my farewell 
party, and I want to have nothing but pleasant 
memories."

"First of all, I want to watch my family fuck each 
other. Alexandra, start by giving your son a blow job. 
And Jason, pick one of your nieces to fuck in the ass. 
There's a padded platform at the end of the pool. Climb 
up there so we can all gather around and watch."

My mom looked at me, and nodded. She took my dick in 
her hand, and led me toward the platform. Dad picked 
Joanna and followed us. After climbing the two steps up 
to the platform, mom got down on her knees and motioned 
me to stand in front of her. She started by licking the 
head of my cock, swirling just the tip with her tongue. 
Slowly, she began to slide my dick into her mouth until 
it was all the way in. I guess this is what they call 
"deep-throating."

About five feet in front of me, behind mom, I watched 
as my dad spit on his dick and Joanna's asshole to 
lubricate before penetration. She had tears in her 
eyes; I guess she'd never been butt-fucked before. Sure 
enough, when dad shoved it in, she yelped and squirmed. 
But after about ten seconds, she was able to settle 
down and let dad fuck her. Then, after about three or 
four minutes, she started to moan and push back on dad. 
She was getting turned on! Shortly thereafter, she was 
pleading with my father. "Oh, God. Oh, God. I can't 
believe it, but I'm coming. I'm coming! Please don't 
stop, not now. Don't stop� please� please� please!" 

I was watching my beautiful 19 year old cousin get 
fucked in the ass by my dad, and she was going nuts. I 
couldn't hold out any longer, and began shooting sperm 
down my mother's throat. She swallowed every drop, then 
continued sucking me until nothing else came out. I'm 
sure she had lots of practice with dad.

Then my dad came with a loud groan, and a final deep 
thrust into Joanna's ass. She just moaned and collapsed 
on her stomach, thanking my father for the best fuck 
she'd ever had. 

Grandma ordered Jessica to step up on the platform and 
clean off her uncle's dick, and suck the cum out of her 
sister's ass. Jessica looked over at her mother on the 
buffet table and decided to avoid a similar fate, even 
if what she was being asked to do was absolutely 
disgusting.

Jessica kneeled in front of dad, and just quickly 
swallowed his dick. She went up and down a dozen or so 
times, then licked around it to make sure everything 
was cleaned up. Sucking the cum out of her sister was 
harder to accept. Jessica moved slowly to Joanna, then 
spread her ass cheeks. She looked at the rose bud with 
cum dripping out, with little specks of brown mixed in. 
"I'm eating my sister's shit and my uncle's cum," she 
thought. Jessica felt as though she might puke, but 
proceeded with her assignment. She leaned forward as 
she stuck her tongue out, and started licking from 
Joanna's cunt up past her asshole. After licking the 
cum dripping out, she looked up at Grandma.

"Stick your tongue in deep and clean her out good," 
Grandma ordered. Jessica complied, swirling her tongue 
around inside her sister's asshole. Once she got past 
the disturbing concept, and the sweaty, musky smell, 
Jessica began to get turned on, too. She kept going 
until Joann had another orgasm. Jessica was dripping 
wet by that time, and was hoping her turn to get fucked 
would happen soon.

Our family orgy continued as the crowd sat around at 
tables observing as they drank and ate dinner. As we 
fucked, we could smell roasted pigs, which just 
intensified our lust. I was getting very hungry, but 
was also turned on by performing for a crowd while they 
ate and drank. It was kind of a kinky dinner theater 
environment.

Here is a summary of what followed over the next couple 
of hours, with brief breaks for food and drink. We 
weren't allowed to leave the platform at all, not even 
to go the bathroom. We had to pee and shit in a bucket 
right in front of everyone. The ladies held it as long 
as they could, but eventually overcame their modesty 
and squatted over the bucket. Jessica even took time to 
shit; no toilet paper was allowed, so Uncle Thomas was 
told to lick her clean.

My uncle fucked my mother, her legs wrapped around him, 
and coming loudly without concern about the crowd 
watching her. 

Then my dad screwed my grandmother, his mom, while she 
was on her hands and knees. I had a side view while one 
of the twins was sucking my dick and the other was 
licking my ass. It was by far the sexiest thing I'd 
ever seen, or probably will ever see. Grandma was 
looking right at me with a big smile. When she got into 
position, her gigantic tits were half-way to the floor 
of the platform. They weren't stretched or sagging 
then, just full and round, like a cow's udder. Then as 
dad was fucking her, I watched her boobs rapidly 
swinging back and forth in tempo with his thrusts. I 
quickly lost my second load, but continued to stare in 
amazement, and blatant lust, at my grandmother's 
glorious tits.

My dad and my uncle fucked my mom's ass, while she had 
multiple orgasms. Then I was ordered to clean off the 
other two dicks, as well as suck my mom's ass clean. Of 
course, I'd never had a cock in my mouth before, and 
these were covered with my mother's shit! So, I just 
did the same thing my mom did to my dick, using my 
tongue to lick each one off, and wrap my lips around 
the whole thing to suck it dry. When I finished, mom 
was ready for me. She was laying on her stomach, and 
reached behind to spread her cheeks for me. I bent down 
and took my time slurping and enjoying the new 
experience. I was really hoping this would be something 
mom would be willing to continue in the future; her ass 
actually tasted kind of sweet. And she had another 
climax as I was cleaning her out.

The twins did 69, and after each of them came, they 
took turns eating my mom. I butt-fucked my dad; he did 
his brother-in-law, who then did me. That was really 
different, and hurt like hell at first. After a couple 
of minutes, the pain turned to an increasing pleasure, 
which made my dick hard. Then we took turns cleaning 
off a dick and an ass each.

Then it was my turn to fuck pussies, first my mom then 
my grandmother. Mom spread her legs wide and pulled me 
down to her. She helped guide my dick into her cunt, 
then gently pushed my face onto her left boob to suck. 
While I pumped, I sucked then chewed on her nipple.

"Oh, Sean, that's it baby. Fuck me and chew my tits. 
Make mommy cum, over and over again. Keep going, that's 
it, that's it. Here comes the first one, Oh, yes, yes, 
yes. Go deeper, load me with your sperm. Let's make a 
baby brother or sister tonight. Oh, shit, I'm coming 
again! I've always wondered what it would be like to 
get fucked by you, I've even fantasized about it a lot. 
And now, you're making mommy come just like I hoped you 
would. I guess this is what your grandmother was 
talking about having everyone get rid of taboos. I love 
it, I love it. Your dad will have to share me with you 
from now on. I'll even fuck your friends while you and 
dad watch if you want me to." I was in pussy heaven!

Dad sucked my cum out of mom's cunt. My uncle fucked 
each one of his daughters; the girls cleaned each other 
out.

Then came the highlight of the evening, at least for 
me. Grandma walked over and started to tickle my cock. 
It responded, and started rising to the occasion. I 
didn't think I had anything left, but she found 
something, or I wanted her so badly I found an extra 
load to dispense. Either way, there was no way I was 
going to miss an opportunity like this!

"I've noticed you admiring my boobs since you were 11 
or 12. Did you think about them when you were jacking 
off? Didn't you always wish you could see them and 
touch them? Well, now's your chance! You seemed to like 
it when your father took me from behind. Why don't you 
do the same thing, only use my tits as handles? Just 
grab them, squeeze them as hard as you can, and use 
them as leverage to thrust deeper into my pussy. Then 
when you're done, I'll suck your cock dry." With that, 
she got on her hands and knees with her butt toward me.

I slid into her cunt easily; it was full of her cum 
mixed with my dad's and my uncle's. Then I reached 
under her, and grabbed a tit in each hand. I began to 
squeeze them, then stopped. "Doesn't that hurt, 
Grandma?"

"Before he died, your Grandpa used to hang me in the 
basement by my tits! I screamed for the first couple of 
weeks. Then I started begging him to do it every night 
when he got home from work. I want you to hurt them; 
it's makes my orgasms intensify. Later on tonight, I'll 
show everyone a few other things your Grandpa and I did 
over the years."

I had no idea my grandparents were kinky like that, but 
it excited the hell out of me. I squished them as hard 
as I could. At first it seemed to take my Grandma's 
breath away. But then, she said "That's it. Harder, 
harder. Squeeze and yank on them at the same time."

After our family had just about exhausted every option, 
as well as our cocks and cunts, it was time for our 
guests to get involved.

Grandma instructed her body guards to remove Aunt Susan 
from the table. She was so stiff from being strapped 
down, it was hard for her to stretch her arms and legs 
out straight. Susan cried out as the guards stretched 
them for her. They took her to one side of the 
platform, and held her down spread-eagled then fastened 
her to the floor with padded cuffs on her wrists and 
ankles.

Then my grandmother announced, "It's time for the pussy 
parade. Ladies, line up on the edge of the grass. Lay 
on your backs with your legs spread wide. Gentlemen, go 
down the row and pick a pussy to fuck, except the lady 
who accompanied you here tonight. If you are without a 
partner, come up on the platform and fuck my 
disobedient daughter. Susan can expect to get fucked at 
least twice by every man here tonight. And ladies, 
after you've been fucked, come to the platform and sit 
down on Susan's face so she can suck and lick you 
clean. It doesn't matter whether you've been cunt-
fucked or butt-fucked, she'll be happy to service you, 
won't you dear." Aunt Susan meekly nodded, and 
attempted to smile.

The group fuck began in earnest. I watched as couples 
pounded away at different tempos, some smooth and 
others slamming away. The men without a partner lined 
up for their turn at Susan. My dad and I got in line, 
too. I looked over and saw my mom fucking a guy named 
Gerald, a long-time friend of the family. I wonder how 
long he'd wanted to fuck her? I realize it's not an 
appropriate thing to say about my mother, but she's one 
fine piece of ass. Most of the men had a chance to 
confirm that as the night progressed.

Mom was the first to sit on Aunt Susan's face for a 
cleaning job. Susan glared at mom as she lowered her 
cunt, which only made mom rub my aunt's face in her 
cunt even harder. Susan's daughters also took several 
turns on their mother's face, a pussy and ass each. My 
aunt's mouth had to wear out eventually.

After every three men finished fucking Susan, Uncle 
Thomas had to suck her dry. After all, it was his wife 
who disobeyed Grandma in the first place. After getting 
fucked in the cunt and ass once, Jessica and Joanna had 
to suck the cum off dicks as they finished with their 
mom's cunt. It had become a family consequence.

While everyone was fucking on the grass, Grandma's 
staff brought out a variety of apparatus, most of which 
I'd never seen before.

All the guests and family members were instructed to 
line up along the patio. Grandma used a water-proof 
black marker to number everyone's ass. Then, she marked 
poker chips with corresponding numbers and placed them 
in a coffee can.

"I hope everyone has had an enjoyable evening so far. 
Now we're going to play some games. Some of these are 
games my late husband and I played frequently. If your 
number is drawn from the bucket, you will be exposed to 
a new experience, some pleasant and some not so 
pleasant. However, each will be entertaining for the 
rest of the guests." Grandma went on to explain: "Each 
of you had the opportunity to leave earlier, but chose 
to stay and actively participate in tonight's events. 
None of these is intended to be fatal, but if it 
happens, so be it. Life is full of risks, and this is 
just another risk. If you happen to die, your body will 
be put to good use, in accordance with the United 
Nations directive. So let's begin the festivities."

Grandma drew number 15. A man named Ellis came forward 
slowly and stood in front of my grandmother. "Ellis, 
I'm glad to see we get to start with you. I've always 
been wet just being around you, and now I finally get 
to play with you. Please step over here." She pointed 
to a 7' post about the size of a telephone pole, 
anchored at the bottom to a platform. Three feet in 
front of the pole was a smaller pole. Ellis had his 
hands cuffed behind him around the larger pole. Grandma 
then tied a leather thong around his cock and scrotum, 
and stretched it over to the smaller pole. She attached 
the leather to a pulley, which was connected to a small 
electric motor.

"Ellis, this device is set to pull the leather thong 
forward at a constant rate about two inches every hour. 
Let's see how long you can last; pun intended darling!" 
Grandma set the motor in motion and walked away.

The next number drawn was 27. It was Tim, a man in his 
early thirties. He walked boldly up to my grandmother; 
I don't know if he was really brave or stupid. She led 
him to what appeared to be a gallows, noose and all. 
Tim didn't look so brave now. The body guards grabbed 
Tim and lifted him up, slipping the noose around one 
ankle. He hung upside down, with one leg dangling 
freely. Then one of the guards took a short two-by-four 
and hit Tim square in the nuts. Tim screamed. Holy 
crap, that had to hurt like hell! He cupped his balls 
in his hands in an attempt to soothe them, but it would 
take a lot more than that.

Six came up next, and Beth came forward. She had dried 
cum and blood down both thighs, all the way to her 
ankles. She was obviously on her period, but that 
didn't keep her from getting royally fucked like the 
other ladies. Grandma walked over to another apparatus. 
It had an overhang bar just like the gallows, only a 
hook hung down. Beth was looking a little pale now. Her 
hands were cuffed in front, then raised up until her 
cuffs were hung from the hook above her head, with her 
feet barely touching the ground. 

Her nice sized tits were place in a compressing device 
made up of two sticks with wing nuts to tighten each 
side. Beth's tits were squished until they started 
turning blue, while she screamed the whole time. Then 
Grandma used tin snips to remove Beth's nipples. They 
didn't bleed as much as I thought they would. My 
grandmother told the whimpering woman, "You already 
have two kids, so I thought I'd better prevent you from 
wanting to nurse anymore."

Sharon's number was 19. After seeing what happened to 
the others, the body guards had to drag her in front of 
Grandma. That was a very bad idea on her part. My 
grandmother was not pleased.

"Sharon, I'm disappointed. You saw the severe 
consequences I placed on my own daughter. What I have 
in mind for you is permanent. Sit right here, and don't 
move." Grandma pointed to a stool, and motioned to 
someone at the back door. A guy brought out some tools, 
and sat down next to Sharon.

"Sharon, this is Andre. He's going to tattoo you 
according to my instructions. Place 'I love blow jobs' 
on her left tit where it is clearly visible above her 
bra. On her other tit, put 'Fuck me now." Then shave 
her cunt, and put 'Free pussy' right above her slit. On 
her right ass cheek, write 'I love gang bangs.' On her 
left cheek, put 'Biker babe.' On the back of one hand, 
put 'I'm a whore,' and on the back of the other, 'I 
fuck anything.' Jeff, come over and watch your wife get 
labeled. I'm sure this will improve your sex life when 
your wife gets constant invitations to fuck everyone 
she sees." Sharon just stared at Andre in disbelief as 
he set up to begin tattooing. Oddly enough, Jeff had a 
grin on his face.

Number 2 was next, and an older man named Ralph stepped 
forward. "Ralph, kneel down here. You're going to give 
a blow job to every man here, and eat every pussy as 
well." Ralph didn't hesitate to get down and reach for 
the closest dick. Men and women started forming a line.

Then Allen's number was drawn. He was instructed to 
bring his wife and stand in front of what appeared to 
be a wine barrel. They were both placed such that their 
stomachs were on the barrel, and wrists and ankles were 
strapped down on either side. Then each body guard took 
a baseball bat and shoved it up the husband's and 
wife's asses, with the large end going in first, and 
without any lubrication. Both were squirming and 
squealing, but nothing improved their situation.

George got an ice-cold enema, then a butt plug to hold 
it in. He had to keep it in the rest of the evening.

Joanna's number came up next. My cousin was led over to 
a platform with rounded spike sticking straight up. Her 
hands were cuffed behind her, and the body guards 
lifted her up and positioned the spike in her pussy. 
They slid her down until she cried out, indicating it 
had hit her cervix. Then one guard held her tight, 
while the other adjusted the height of the spike until 
she could keep it from going any further into her, as 
long as she was on her tip-toes. 

To add to the tension, she was standing on a three foot 
thick block of ice. Her toes would get tired or cold, 
which would drop her down further on the spike. The ice 
was also melting. By the time the ice was completely 
gone, she would be impaled nearly four feet into her 
body through her vagina.

"Grandma, please. You shouldn't let me die. I'm family. 
This can't be happening. Pick someone else. I'm only 
19. Oh, God, don't do this," Joanna begged.

"Sorry, sweetheart. But your number came up. Maybe your 
sister will be luckier." Thomas and Susan looked on 
helplessly as their daughter slowly died in front of 
them. Jessica sobbed; she felt sorry for her twin, but 
was grateful it was her sister instead of her.

Jonathan was next, and nearly in panic by the time he 
was in front of Grandma. "Strap him to the other side 
of that telephone pole where Ellis is getting his 
goodies stretched." His hands were cuffed behind him, 
as were his ankles. Around his fore head the guards 
placed a leather strap, which went all the way around 
the pole to hold his head tightly in place. They shoved 
a gag in his mouth. Then my grandmother stepped in 
front of him, and smiled reassuringly.

"Jonathan, I promise you will not die tonight. But, you 
might eventually wish you had." Tina's number was 
drawn, and she was ordered to kneel in front of 
Jonathan.

Grandmother gave her gruesome instructions. "You are 
going to chew and swallow Jonathan's dick and balls. 
You will take your time, with small bites, and 
completely swallow before taking another bite. If you 
fail to do this, and I mean eating his entire cock and 
nuts, you will not survive the weekend, nor will your 
husband or son who accompanied you tonight. Do you 
understand?"

Tina nodded. Jonathan was frantically thrashing, trying 
to break loose from his bondage. Tina took the tip of 
his dick in her mouth, and began licking it in a 
circular motion. Then she bit into the tip, halfway 
down the head, and chewed it off. Jonathan was 
screaming into the gag. Tina chewed slowly and 
swallowed as instructed, before taking the next bite. 
By now there was blood spurting from his cock, and 
landing on Tina's face. She hesitated briefly, then 
continued with the next bite, this time removing the 
rest of the head. 

Tina continued the process until she had consumed the 
dick all the way to the base where it used to meet his 
body. Then it was time for the balls. She made quick 
work of them, taking the whole left one in her mouth at 
once, and ripping it off with her teeth. She chewed for 
what seemed like a long time, then returned for the 
remaining nut. She ripped that one off, too, then 
slowly stood up after swallowing. Her face, tits and 
stomach were covered in blood, but she was not allowed 
to wash off until she left on Monday. She hung her head 
and walked back to her husband, and placed her head on 
his shoulder and cried. Meanwhile, Jonathan had passed 
out somewhere in the middle of the process.

Agnes was selected next. She was one of Grandma's 
oldest and dearest friends. She was also over 330 
pounds! As she approached my grandmother, everything on 
her jiggled like Jello. Her tits and belly swayed side 
to side; her ass and thighs went up and down in a fluid 
motion.

"You're my best friend, Agnes. I have something special 
that I've always wanted to do for you, but had to wait 
for the right opportunity. This evening, every man 
here, at least those who still have equipment, will 
fuck you in your cunt, and then your ass. Every woman 
here will then clean out your pussy and ass. I want you 
to have continuous orgasms; I know it's been a long 
time since you've been fucked." After witnessing what 
happened to the others, Agnes couldn't believe her 
luck.

Agnes laid down on the grass and spread her thick 
thighs as a line of men began to form. Ralph was still 
sucking dicks and eating pussies.

Cassandra came next. Her nipples and cunt lips were 
pierced, and rings were placed in each hole. She was 
laid on her back, with ropes through each of her rings. 
The ropes were attached to a pulley system above her, 
and pulled tight until her tits and pussy were 
stretched away from her body. Her hands and feet were 
not secured; the more she struggled, the tighter the 
pulleys yanked on the rings.

Lois was another old friend of Grandma's. She was 
stretched out vertically, hands and ankles fixed to a 
frame which stretched her out spread-eagled. Electrodes 
were attached to her nipples and clitoris, and others 
were placed deep insider her cunt and ass. These were 
connected to a car battery, with a clever firing 
device. Two electrodes would fire at once, but in a 
random manner. Lois didn't know what to expect next. 
The timing was also set to be random, anywhere between 
3 seconds and 20 seconds. It didn't take long for her 
to twitch in anticipation, only to be off in timing and 
location.

Edward was the last selected; he was ordered to come 
forward with his girlfriend. Both appeared before my 
grandmother. They were introduced to a medieval torture 
device called the "pear." It was inserted in the vagina 
or anus, and a handle was twisted to expand the leaves 
of the device inside the victim. Edward was held down, 
with his ass in the air while the device was implanted. 
Then Kathy had her legs spread wide while her insertion 
took place. They were to leave them implants in place 
until leaving on Monday morning.

Susan was still strapped down on the platform, spread-
eagled all this time. She had been fucked several times 
by each man, and had cleaned dozens of dripping 
pussies. She laid there exhausted, but appreciating the 
reprieve. It was not to last. Grandma redirected 
everyone's attention to the platform.

"Please gather around the platform, everyone. Susan was 
selected to be an example for everyone, and her ordeal 
is not yet over. In fact, it's been comparatively 
pleasant thus far. Now she will experience something 
else I'm sure will be new to her. For the next several 
hours, she will serve as sort of a human out house. If 
you need to pee or shit, you will do so on her face."

My grandmother continued with her orders to her 
daughter: "Susan, as people squat over your face, you 
will open your mouth wide to accept their refuse. If 
you fail to do this, your husband, Thomas, will be 
strapped to a telephone pole just like our other two 
gentlemen. You will then chew his dick and balls off 
his body and eat them, swallowing every bit. Then, if 
you do not follow orders, by swallowing every drop of 
piss and every lump of shit, your tits will be cut off 
and fried over the grill then served to our guests. And 
you will get to watch your only remaining daughter 
burned at the stake."

"Thomas and Jessica, as people pee and shit on Susan, 
you will take what ever excess she is unable to 
swallow, and spread it all over her body. This should 
attract plenty of insects, which will keep her 
occupied." It appeared as though Susan's fear and 
revulsion increased a hundred-fold instantly.

Grandma turned to the gathered guests. "This evening, 
we have been exposed to taboos that most of us did not 
expect to experience in our lifetimes. You have spent 
all this time naked in front of a large group of 
people, many of whom were strangers before you arrived. 
You have fucked in front of this group, without 
embarrassment, modesty or shame. For the most part, I 
assume you have enjoyed this gathering. For others, you 
have witnessed consequences of bad decisions as well as 
the simple risks associated with living. 

"Just by having your number drawn, you could suck every 
dick and eat every cunt, or get fucked and eaten by 
everyone. You could also lose your balls, your tits, or 
even your life, as is the case with my own 
granddaughter, Joanna. Hopefully, my daughter, Susan, 
has learned that she can overcome any adversity. She 
has been physically punished, and humiliated by getting 
fucked by every man and licking every woman clean. She 
even served as a human toilet, eating shit and drinking 
piss for hours. She's losing one daughter, and could 
have lost another in a horrific manner. She also came 
close to chewing her husband's manhood right off his 
body, and being forced to eat it. Susan, it's time for 
you to get tough, and focus on survival." 

Susan stood there, covered in shit and piss, her hair 
matted and streaked. She was not allowed to bathe or 
shower until Monday morning, and had to continue 
serving as the out house until then.

"As you know, I'm 60 years old. Tonight, I finally got 
the chance to fuck my son, Jason, and my grandson, 
Sean. I wish I hadn't waited so long. I also enjoyed 
watching my family engage in sex with each other, which 
I hope they enjoyed and will continue. In fact, I 
encourage each of you to maintain contact over the 
years and don't forget the excitement and sexual 
stimulation of this weekend. Don't wait for sex to come 
to you; go after it, find it and have fun with it. 
Share it with those who have similar interests."

Grandma continued to address her guests. "Now it's time 
to remind you of the primary reason you've been invited 
to my 'farewell party.' I've been everywhere I want to 
go, and seen about everything I wanted to see. And 
tonight, most of my lifelong fantasies have been 
fulfilled. I only wish my husband were here to share it 
with me."

"The sun is starting to come up, and I hope you enjoyed 
our dinner last night. Joanna is about gone, and we 
will have her baked for appetizers later. But also 
notice I had the caterers keep the coals going all 
night. Which leads to my final, and greatest, fantasy. 
I will be roasted alive, and served to you this 
evening. I've chosen to be alive while roasting to 
allow me to continue talking with my guests until I am 
no longer conscious. My best friend, Agnes, will join 
me on the other spit. 

"As you can see, I am very lean, and Agnes, dear Agnes, 
is obese. Not only should there be enough to feed 
everyone, counting Joanna, but you will have a variety 
of meats to select from. Joanna and I will be mostly 
muscle; Agnes will, of course, be almost all fat. She 
should also make good gravy."

The body guards were helping Agnes get up after being 
fucked raw. It took both of them to lift her from the 
grass. She wobbled over to Grandma, and said "I never 
expected this! What if I don't want to go along with 
it?"

My grandmother just chuckled. "Agnes dear, what do you 
have to live for? You're my age, too fat to attract a 
man, and before tonight, hadn't been fucked in fourteen 
years! Why not at least exit with some pizzaz? It's 
perfectly legal; in fact, it's encouraged, for Christ's 
sake."

Agnes considered the alternatives, then finally 
relented. "Let's do it and get it over with before I 
come to my senses."

Grandma then turned to me. "Sean, get that pencil and 
notepad off the table over there and follow me."

One by one, she went to every person and asked them 
what part of her body they would like to claim for 
dinner. I was instructed to take the orders, like a 
waiter.

We started with my dad, and of course, Grandma insisted 
he get her cunt. Uncle Thomas and Jessica split one 
tit; I got the other tit all to myself. Aunt Susan was 
given the rectum.

The process continued. My grandmother was light-
hearted, joking with the guests as they selected her 
body parts for the evening meal. She encouraged them to 
poke and prod, to see which parts were firm or slightly 
flabby.

She was especially proud of her ass. She wanted each 
cheek to be cut into quarters. We proceeded with 
thighs, calves, even the feet. Arms, ribs, belly, 
everything but the head; nothing above the neck would 
be eaten. That was her only stipulation.

After completing the rounds for her body, we repeated 
the process with Agnes. As you might imagine, this took 
longer. There was a lot more to inspect and assess.

First of all, her tits were nearly twice as big (and 
long) as my Grandma's giant boobs. Somewhere between 
watermelon and basketball size, but it was hard to tell 
exactly since they drooped almost to her waist, or at 
least where her waist should have been if she had one. 
Her ass was close to the size of a Shetland pony's; her 
thighs were slightly larger than my waist. Even her 
calves were thick. Her arms looked to be the size of a 
weight-lifter's, only they, too, drooped significantly. 
To be real honest about it, I had stared at Agnes 
throughout the evening because I'd never seen a woman 
that big naked!

Agnes was good natured about the whole thing. She 
lifted her sizable gut up so people could check out her 
cunt lips. She bent over and spread her ass cheeks to 
allow a good shot of her asshole. Agnes took great 
pleasure in having people fondle and inspect her 
breasts, encouraging them to keep doing it to make sure 
they liked them.

The major interest was her cunt, then her tits and her 
ass cheeks. It was difficult for people to get a good 
look at her vagina even when she lifted her gut. She 
finally had to lay down on her back and spread her huge 
thighs wide to let interested parties reach in and poke 
around. Three men and two women were able to "fist" her 
cunt, which sent Agnes into orgasm again. Since I was 
the youngest in attendance, it was agreed that I would 
get her considerable cunt. It was sure to be tender and 
juicy after being fucked and sucked for hours.

Then she rolled over and spread her ass cheeks wide. 
She was again "fisted," only this time it took more 
time and effort. Finally, I had the orders for all my 
Grandma's and Agnes' body parts. They both seemed 
pleased with the outcome.

It was time for the preparation. Both women laid on the 
grass with their legs spread as wide as they would go. 
I was instructed to shave their cunts, making sure 
there was absolutely no hair left any where.

Then I shaved their legs, arms and armpits. They stood 
up, and I covered them with olive oil, rubbing it in to 
sooth the places I had just shaved. I took extra time 
on their cunts and tits, just because I wanted to. 
Neither one complained.

It was time for them to be gutted and cleaned. They 
laid on the table, flat on their back. The catering 
chef started with Agnes. He split her open, and gently 
removed her stomach and intestines. Agnes swore she 
felt a breeze. He rinsed out the cavity, then filled it 
with a premixed stuffing of vegetables and bread. 
Grandma was next, and the process took less time with 
her because there wasn't as much to remove.

Since they were to be roasted alive, they were not to 
be skewered by a spit. Rather, Grandma had rectangular 
frames constructed to which each woman was strapped 
spread-eagled. This would allow for more even roasting, 
especially between the legs. It also made it easier to 
roast slowly, and keep them alive longer, by simply 
picking up the frame and turning it over.

Their head was kept wet to avoid passing out or their 
hair catching fire. Finally, they were lifted and 
placed over the coals, face up. They wanted to get used 
to the heat on their backsides first. It also made it 
easier to converse as the guests stood around the 
roasting pit observing.

It didn't take long before Agnes' ass started to 
sizzle. She squirmed, but didn't complain. She knew her 
life would soon be over, so a little discomfort didn't 
matter now.

They were still cheerful, joking and chuckling about 
who was going to eat which of their parts. Grandma 
wanted to make sure dad took his time to enjoy her 
pussy filet, since it was the only one of hers he would 
ever get.

Agnes didn't think I would be able to eat her whole 
cunt in one sitting, and suggested I get a take-out box 
(pun intended).

Then it was time to turn them over. It was absolutely 
amazing, as well as sexy and a huge turn-on, to see 
their over-sized tits dangling just above the coals, 
This made the women want to move their breasts away 
from the intense heat, which caused them to go back and 
forth like pendulums. I had another huge hard-on as I 
watched the four wonderful tits swinging back and 
forth. God, I loved it; I could watch them for hours!

The time to turn them over came too quickly for me, but 
their front sides were bright red. They were basted 
continuously; and the ladies were still able to speak 
to us. Each of them lamented that they were now hornier 
than ever, and wish they could have one more fuck 
before it was all over.

Dad had an idea. He ordered the caterers to set the 
women on the ground next to the coals. Dad pointed at 
me, and told me to suck Grandma's pussy while he did 
Agnes. They both came quickly, at which point dad and I 
inserted our dicks into the steaming pussies. Damn, it 
was hot. Grandma screeched with pleasure, getting 
everything she could out of her final fuck.

Agnes moaned and kept thanking my dad as she 
experienced multiple orgasms.

Their cunts were full of sperm once again, and they 
were placed back over the coals. They both told the 
crowd how incredibly sexy it was to get fucked while in 
their condition. They wanted others to try it; "you 
can't live forever," they said. "You might as well get 
the best fuck of your life while you're dying. Not many 
people get that chance."

While they were roasting, my cousin, Joanna, was being 
baked in an oversize oven in the house. Since she was 
only 19, she would be nice and tender.

Agnes and Grandma started to fade slowly. Before they 
lost consciousness, they were again face down, and 
still strong enough to swing their tits back and forth. 
It also seemed they were humping their pussies on some 
imaginary dick as they died.

That night we feasted on the three women. I enjoyed 
Grandma's tit, but decided to split Agnes' cunt with my 
cousin, Jessica. She couldn't quite bring herself to 
eat part of her own twin. Dad savored every morsel of 
Grandma's cunt.

After dinner, mom took me by the hand and led me to the 
grass. She laid down and spread her legs wide. As I 
positioned myself to enter her vagina, I noticed dad 
had sat down next to us. He was smiling, and had a 
hard-on. So I guess he approved of me fucking her.

Nine years later I got married. We only lived three 
blocks away from my parents, so I continued fucking mom 
nearly every day, until she reached 58. Then she 
decided it was time to exit the same way Grandma did. 
But only if she could be roasted alive, and only if I 
promised to eat her cunt. Of course, I promised.

END

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
This story was written as an adult fantasy. The author
does not condone the described behavior in real life.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MLG52


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





