BDSM Library -  Teen Dreams and Canine Queens




 Teen Dreams and Canine Queens
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis:   A short tale of a boy and his journey of sexual discovery.






Authors note: This is the only piece of erotica I've ever written, it
was originally in two parts but they were short enough that the story
still flows when joined together. I recently found it languishing in
an unused email drafts folder.&nbsp; I would really love any feedback be it
compliments, critiques or criticisms. Send any mail to
aussiedogslut@gmail.com

DISCLAIMER: Standard disclaimer apples, all characters and situations
are fictional, do not read unless you are over 18 and/or of legal age
in your area.

When I was 14 I dropped out of school completely, a stupid move I know
but at the time I felt it was my only option. I wasn't bullied mind
you, nor did I have trouble studying, I just couldn't stand other
people. So I dropped out, or rather stopped showing up until they
kicked me out, but in the mind of 14 year old me I had made the
decision and I was in charge.

At first I couldn't wait to get into the world. I was free now, free
to do as I pleased. I could spend days playing video games or go on
adventures or sleep till the late afternoon! Yet all of these had one
key caveat, parents. My parents refused to let me sleep in, they
confiscated almost all of my electronics ( leaving only my phone, a key
point in this tale) they put me under permanent house arrest until I
either got a job or went back to school.

Now, no matter how strict you are with a teenage boy there is one
activity you can never rob him of. One little dirty deed that he will
always find opportunities to engage in. By now I hope you've got the
picture but for those out there are too innocent, naive or just plain
stupid I speak of course of jacking off. I would jerk my rod at any
and all oppurtunities gushing the jizz across my chest as I hid under
the covers to hide my actions from the outside world (and the
disapproval of my stuffed animals).

You might not know this but when it comes to the power of imagination
most teens are spoiled by things like cartoons comics tv etc.
They teach them what games to play and how to play them with the
result that, when left to their own devices most kids are woefully
lacking in creative ideas.

And this is where the phone comes in, with it's simple http browser I
discovered the world of erotic fiction and broadened my horizons
considerably. I started off with the vanilla man on woman stuff but
soon grew tired and ventured to the more sacrilegious ( in the mind of
a 14 year old) man on man stories. The stories spanned a plethora of
different genres and each was more thrilling than the last.

I was in jack off heaven I gained so many fetishes in that small time
that if , given a rock in a bikini , I could probably blow my load to it.

I was content to waste away my days jacking off and sleeping. But
alas, my parents were not. If I wasn't going to return to school then
I would at least get a job and become a productive member of society,
this boiled down to doing odd jobs for neighbors and family friends. I
mowed mrs Henderson's lawn&nbsp; once every two weeks for such a small
amount of money that, were I an illegal immigrant I would have happily
moved back to whatever communist dictatorship I came from in return
for a bit more cash.

All the jobs and wanking slowly formed the entirety of my life. That
was until I was given a rather unusual job request: dog sitting, 4
days all to myself in a house with broadband Internet and widescreen
tv's. Oh and 2 little dog cocks to play with ;) .

This was it, I'd finally have the chance realize my fantasies, 2 days
alone in a house with a pair of delicious dogs. I packed light, I
didn't intend to wear any clothes whilst there and had been promised a
cabinet full of junk food.

I arrived early Saturday morning to get the keys to the house and be
introduced to my canine companions. King and Molly ( yes i found out
that one of these dogs was a bitch :( )&nbsp; were both labradors with
great blond coats. I was given the tour of the house and as soon as mr
and mrs jones led I stripped naked and began to get acquainted with my
new pal.

King had been given expensive obedience training so when I told him to
sit he obediently rested on his hind legs. I told him to roll over and
began to rub his crotch to coax his knot out of his sheath. This thing
was massive. Length wise it was relatively average but his sexy dog
dock was as wide as a tin of beans and much much tastier.

Besides my own manhood I had never&nbsp; seen another penis so I was amazed
at the difference. I began slowly stroking the shaft, feeling it swell
in my hands. King let out a soft wimper but made no move to stop me.
As his cock got bigger his breathing became even more frantic, I was
surprised how similar we sounded as we got approached our climaxes. I
wasn't prepared to become kings bitch just yet but I felt I owed him
more than just a sloppy hand job.

I lowered my lips to the tip of his warm cock, and could feel the heat
emanating from it. As I reached out my tongue and tentatively lapped
up the the head of his cock I tasted the distinct tangy trace of
urine, it wasn't at all unpleasant so I began to engulf his dick
slowly. As I reached halfway I felt King's cock began to move forward
on its own. He was fucking my mouth! I could tell from this that he
was close to cumming so I put extra effort into giving doggy head and
prepared myself to swallow his doggy load. With one final push King
rammed his deep past my tonsils and sprayed his juice all down my
throat filling up my stomach for what felt like minutes.

As King pulled out of my exhausted mouth I began to cough up his doggy
sperm but forced myself to keep it down, it was a gift from him to me
and I should be more grateful.

As I swallowed the last of his jizz my thoughts turned to my own
aching cock, at 6 and a half inches it wasn't bad for my age and was
certainly enough to fill my palm. But this time I was going to have
someone else jack me off. My thoughts turned to the cupboard full of
junk food and as I rummaged through I found the perfect thing. Peanut
butter! Smooth not chunky of course, I don't want to encourage chewing
down near my junk.

I sat down and coated my ball sack, arse crack a dick with a thick
coating of peanut butter. King came over instantly (without being
called, perhaps this was part of his training ;) ) and got to work on
my arse crack.

There a few pleasures in this life that rank as highly as having a wet
sloppy rimming from mans best friend. Occasionly his tongue would slip
inside my virgin anus and send shivers up my spine. After clearing
away my arse King moved up to my hairless ball sack. I almost came
from this alone as King worked diligently to satisfy both our hungers.
Evenually he moved up to my aching dick, he licked the shaft but when
he hit the tip I couldn't contain myself and sent a torrent of jizz
flying into the air and landing back on my crotch.

I mixed the cum and peanut butter together and sat back as king got to
work cleaning me up.

After this I was exhausted but knew I had to get ready for tomorrow
when I would well and truly become king's bitch. I had brought with me
a small cucumber to stretch out my virgin ass and set off to find some
air of lube. What I found however was infinitely better.

In a small draw in the master bedroom I found a small drawer with a
bottle of lube and the piece de la resistance: a large purple dildo
(bigger than me certainly and bigger than the cucumber I was currently
snacking on). It was a little bigger than what I had intended to use
but never the less I lubed up and slowly inserted the pink dick into
my ass.

I won't lie to you, it hurt a lot, but I owed it to king to be ready
for his piece of dog meat. I got in halfway before taking a small rest
then sitting down on the hard flooring to jam it in all the way. I got
dressed and lopped the small plastic wire though to my pants pocket (
I figured it must be for removing it later, oh how I was wrong).

I set of to he shops to buy myself some lunch that didn't come in a
can and found a local grocers nearby. It was the middle of the day so
this place was deserted, it was just me and the overweight middle-aged
Indian man at the counter. I did my rounds, picking up some pasta
sauce, mince meat and spaghetti. I approach the counter and the man
began to ring up my goods.

"$7.80 please"

I reached into my locket to grab the ten dollar note I had and brushed
the small black box attahed to my dildo.

...

You can imagine what happened next, this wasn't a dildo it was a
vibrator and I was in HEAVEN. Still I reached furiously into my
pockets and switched it off, hoping I could play it off as a rather
loud phone on vibrate. The man at the counter stated me and then at my
bottle of pasta sauce.

"this is passed its sell date, follow me I'll get you one from the
store room free of charge"

I was surprised at the generosity of his seemingly creepy man, he an
honest smile so I followed him into the store roomto help him find the
sauce. As soon as we entered he closed the door behind him and pulled
of his pants.

"As soon as you came in I smelt sex on you, and when you set off the
vibrator I knew you were a secret boy slut.&nbsp; I'll make you a deal, you
suck me off and I'll give you your shopping free of charge"



Review This Story
 || Email Author:    John Hancock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





